Authors note: this happens right before Kagato attacks the group in the
Tenchi Muyo! series.

Disclaimer: I do not own any of these Tenchi Muyo! characters, don't sue,
blah, blah, blah, but please, don't use this fic anywhere else without
contacting me at lady_skyandwater@yahoo.com . I wrote this story, and have
copyright.

The life of a goddess,

determines your fate,

and a lonely life,

is not the way,

to live.

And a lonely life,

that’s full of strife,

will never truly learn,

to live.

Sasami appeared against the outer space. "Tsunami?" she asked. She appeared
again, almost as if there were two of her. "Tsunami?" she asked again. Her
picture faded out, only to be replaced with a man in a black and green robe.
His face was in shadow, but his evil laugh was somehow familiar…….

Sasami woke up sweating. "Tsunami!" she called out. "Help me!" The open
window brought in a cool wind, which carried a flower petal. As the petal
landed, tsunami appeared softly. "What is it, Sasami?" she asked the crying
blue-headed figure. Sasami buried her head in the robes of the goddess. "Oh,
Tsunami, it was awful!" she sobbed. "I couldn’t find you, and a man
appeared, it was scary!" she sobbed out. Tsunami put her back in bed. "It
was only a dream." She said soothingly. She stroked the girl’s hair as
Sasami started to go to sleep. "Tsunami," Sasami asked sleepily, "Will
Tenchi and the others ever see you or know about you?" Tsunami replied
thoughtfully, "Aeka already knows about me, but she’s never seen me. Tenchi
and the others won’t see me unless there’s an emergency, so I hope they’ll
never have to see me. But other then that, I don’t think they ever will."

Sasami yawned sleepily. She closed her eyes and soon was asleep. Tsunami
walked softly to the window, and upon looking out, saw Ryoko. Even as she
left, neither her nor Ryoko noticed a dark shadow along the edge of the
moon.
