Subject: Because Tenchi Got High
Date: Sun, 2 Dec 2001 22:34:46 -0800 (PST)
From: Julie Barron <julieanne14_98@yahoo.com>
To: gensao@mikomi.org

Julie Barron

julieanne14_98@yahoo.com

Because Tenchi Got High

Misc. Fanfiction

A silly little song fic that I couldn't resist
writing.

Disclaimer: I do not own any of the Tenchi characters.
 They belong to Pioneer and AIC.  "Because I got High"
belongs to Afroman  I don't have that much in my
pocket except for a nickel and winter fresh gum.  So
please don't sue.

Notes: I was watching TV and this song came on.  I
don't know why, but I just had to write this in a song
fic.  I looked up the lyrics and downloaded the song
on Morpheus so I can get the full song, uncut, and be
able to transform it into a song fic.  I hope you will
enjoy this little parody of mine.  WARNING:  Author is
going under post-traumatic insanity (I'm a rare case
study though)

Because Tenchi Got High

Tenchi: It's not like my life is normal anymore, man…

Ayeka and Ryoko: oooOOOOoooo Ladadadadada La da daaaa
La da da da La da da da Ladadadaaaa

Tenchi: I was gonna do my chores until I got high

Ryoko and Ayeka: ooooOOOOooo

Tenchi: I was gonna clean the shrine, but then I got
high.

Ryoko and Ayeka: Ladadadadadaa

Tenchi: Now I have more chores, and I know why…

Ryoko and Ayeka: Why man?  (Hey hey!)

All: Because I got high, because I got high, because I
got high

Ladadadadadaaaa

Tenchi: I was gonna go to school, before I got high

Ayeka and Ryoko: ooooOOOOoooo

Tenchi: I was gonna make the top of the class, but
then I got high.

Ayeka and Ryoko: Ladadadadadaaaa

Tenchi: Now I'm a idiot, and I know why…

Ayeka and Ryoko: Why man  (Hey hey!)

All: BecauseI got high, because I got high, because I
got high.

Tenchi: I was gonna go to training, but then I got
high

Ryoko and Ayeka: ooooOOOOoooo

Tenchi: I was gonna meet my grandpa, but then I got
high

Ryoko and Ayeka: Ladadadadadaa

Tenchi: Now I'm getting beat up, and I know why…

Ryoko and Ayeka: Why man? (Hey hey!)

All: Because I got high, because I got high, because I
got high

Ladadadadadaaaa

Tenchi: I was gonna work in the fields, but then I got
high

Ayeka and Ryoko: ooooOOOOoooo

Tenchi: I was gonna plant 5 carrot fields, but then I
got high

Ryoko: No you weren't

Tenchi: Now I'm getting attacked by angry cabbits and
I know why…

Ayeka and Ryoko: Why man? (Hey hey!)

All: because I got high, because I got high, because I
got high

Ladadadadadaaaa

Tenchi: I wasn't gonna steal the keys, but then I was
high

Ryoko and Ayeka: ooooOOOOoooo

Tenchi: I wasn't gonna release Ryoko, but then I was
high.

Ryoko and Ayeka: Ladadadadadaa

Tench: Now I live with a bunch of women, and I know
why…

Ryoko and Ayeka: Why man? (Hey hey!)

All: Because I got high, because I got high, because I
got high

Ladadadadadaaaa

Tenchi: I was gonna to choose one of the girls, but I
got high.

Ayeka and Ryoko: ooooOOOOoooo

Tenchi: I was gonna announce it at dinner, but then I
got high

Ayeka and Ryoko: Ladadadadadaa

Tenchi: Now Ayeka and Ryoko are blowing up the house
and I know why…

Ayeka and Ryoko: Why man? (Hey hey!)

All: Because I got high, because I got high, because I
got high

Ladadadadadaaaa

Tenchi: I was gonna make love to Ryoko, but then I got
high.

Ayeka: WHAT?!

Tenchi: <gulps> I was gonna get with Ayeka too, but
then I got high

Ayeka: That's better.

Tenchi: <sweat drops> Now I'm reading my dad's
magazines and I know why.

Ayeka and Ryoko: Why man? (Do we need to know…?) <A.N.
 Not really,>

All: Because I got high, because I got high, because I
got high

Ladadadadadaaaa

Tenchi: I messed up my entire life, because I got high

Ryoko and Ayeka: ooooOOOOoooo

Tenchi: I missed my chance at a normal life, because I
got high.

Ryoko and Ayeka: Ladadadadadaa

Tenchi: Now I'm strapped to a table in a lab and I
know why…

Ryoko and Ayeka: Why man? (Hey hey!)

All: Because I got high, because I got high, because I
got high

Ladadadadadaaaa

Jul-chan: I'm gonna quit writing this fic, because I'm
insane.

Tenchi Crew: ooooOOOOoooo

Jul-chan: I'm writing the whole thing wrong, because
I'm insane

Tenchi Crew: Ladadadadadaa

Jul-chan: And if I don't get any C&C, I know why…

Tenchi Crew: Why man? (Hey hey!)

Jul-chan: Everyone now!  Readers, you too.

Everyone (with readers included): Because she's
insane, because she's insane, because she's insane.

Jul-chan: And that's a wrap!  Thank you guys!  You may
go back home now.

I know, I know, but I have a crazy streak.  So, what
did you think?  I hope you enjoyed it.  I normally
wouldn't do something like this, but I'm not normal.
Thanks go to all of my faithful readers out there in
fanfiction land, who read my stories. And to my
pre-readers for taking the time to read this bit.  My
friends for believing in me.

__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Buy the perfect holiday gifts at Yahoo! Shopping.
http://shopping.yahoo.com
