Critical Assessment
Tenchi Muyo! Fan Fiction
written by Elwin "Blaine" Coldiron-bigkwell@aol.com

DISCLAIMER:  "Tenchi Muyo!" and characters were created by Hiroki Hayashi and 
Masaki Kajishima and are the property of AIC/Pioneer.  I do not own the series 
nor the characters.  I just write the fiction

inspired by "We Belong/And If I Fall", written by Jeffery L. Harris

*********************************************************************

The audience hall more or less resembled an open arena, only an expanse of the 
void of space replaced the walls.  Several shadowy shiloettes, framed by gray-
white auras, formed an audience vanishing off into the void behind the figure 
standing amunst them.  In front of this figure, a raised dias stands, as well as 
a floating oval ruby.

Suddenly, a great translucent head, with white hair and sky-blue eyes with no 
pupils, appears.  The floating ruby now appears succured to the head's brow.  
There was no breeze, yet the head's hair was apparently blowing in the wind.  
This head then turns towards the figure behind him.

"Lady Tokimi," the head says, "I take it that you have become aware of the 
changes to the boy that is currently in the company of Washu."

"Yes, D3," Tokimi replies in a voice that is both pleasant, yet chilling, "I am 
aware of what you speak of.  This is certainly an interesting turn of events."  

"You are also aware that Washu, as well as the others, will soon be wed to the 
boy.  Are you not concerned about this?" D3 adds.

Tokimi then thinks about the twin shiloettes behind her.  Like the others, they 
are framed in auras of gray-white but are of the forms of Washu and Tsunami.  
"The weddings are nothing to fear.  In fact, I am rather pleased by them."

"But what about the boy's new powers?" D3 then asks.  "They could pose a new 
danger to you and your plans, especially if Tsunami is also involved, my lady 
Tokimi."

"There is nothing that concerns you, D3, and I thank you for them.  But for now, 
nothing changes.  There is to be no action taken against the boy, nor any member 
of his family.  And that includes Tsunami." Tokimi says.  "We will continue to 
observe and note this new change of events.  Do I make myself clear?"

D3 bows his head and says, "As you wish, my lady Tokimi."  D3 then disappears, 
the oval ruby remains.

Then on the dias in front of Tokimi, a male figure appears.  A set of five 
Lighthawk wings are in front of him.

"Your intructions remain as they are." Tokimi tell the figure.  "Do not 
confront, nor fight with that boy, as well as his family."  The figure then 
disappears.

Tokimi then looks out into the void, her black within blue eyes apparently 
seeing past the blackness in front of them.  She then closes them and says, "I 
wish you happiness, my sister.  For you, your husband -- and your unborn child."

***********************************************************************

9/11/01

FDNY/NYPD- The real heroes

 






