Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo! And all the characters contained herein are the 
property of AIC and Pioneer. This is not an attempt to infringe on the 
copyrights or anything like that. Don't sue me, `kay? Fank you.

*~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~*~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~*

Doubts of the Pirate:
By Kenshi

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"You know, your current form was chosen only because it was convenient," 
Kagato's voice was quiet, and mocking. "Your original form could have been 
anything I chose. Like a stone. Would you like to be a stone, would that make 
you happy, Ryoko?"

Kagato's spectral hand reached towards the immobile space pirate, making a 
twisting motion, and Ryoko felt herself changing, slowly, painfully, and her 
horrified scream rang out, piercing the darkness until even her vocal cords were 
assimilated into the stone that floated to Kagato's outstretched hand.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Ryoko's own scream woke her from her nightmare. Sweat poured down her body 
as she started awake and franticly patted her arms and face, still not quite 
awake. She came to herself all at once and with a gasp broke down into terrified 
sobs, curling into her blanket like a little girl. Eventually, exhaustion from 
tears and terror overtook her and she slipped back into a mercifully dreamless 
sleep.

The next morning, Tenchi awoke to a quiet house. Quiet in the meaning that there 
were no early morning explosions to wake him, no screaming girls fighting over 
his marital future. Much bewildered, the young man rose, and wandered down the 
hall to the shower, picking up the sounds and scents of Sasami cooking in the 
kitchen. 

His shower uneventful, even by the slightest rumble of the structure of house, 
he was certain something was amiss. As his steps brought him to the breakfast 
table, he noticed the conspicuous absence of Ryoko. 

"Sasami, where is Ryoko, do you know?" Tenchi questioned the young girl.

"I don't know, Tenchi. I haven't seen her today. She's not in her room, and 
Ayeka hasn't seen her either."

"It's true, Lord Tenchi. I haven't seen her at all, and if I thought more of 
her, I would be worried about her." The Jurain princess' voice was tinged with 
worry, belying her words of non-concern.

"Well, I'm sure she's fine. She'll be along as soon as she smells breakfast is 
ready." Tenchi smiled and looked at Sasami, "And it looks wonderful, Sasami."  

The only thing that interrupted their breakfast was the arrival of Ryoko, 
bedraggled, tear streaked and looking desolate. Her steps were heavy and she 
leaned against the wall for support. Tenchi rose immediately on seeing her 
state.

"Ryoko! What's wrong, are you alright?" The space pirate fell into Tenchi's arms 
and her body shuddered in a new sob. The group looked bewilderedly at the pair, 
and even Ayeka looked concerned rather than jealous that her rival was in 
Tenchi's arms.

"T-tenchi? C-can we talk? I…." A new sob racked her body when she was unable 
to come up with the words to tell him what was wrong. Tenchi held her for a 
moment before nodding quietly. 

"Sure. Let's go for a walk to the shrine. We can talk about what's bothering you 
on the way out there." Tenchi smiled and turned her towards the door, giving her 
a gentle push and a worried look to the group back over his shoulder as he 
walked out with her.

The pair walked together, quietly, for a while before Tenchi finally spoke up. 

"Ryoko, what's the matter with you? I've never seen you like this, you're like a 
walking dead girl."

"Am I? I don't know what I am anymore, Tenchi. I had a dream last night and it 
frightened me horribly." She looked up quietly at the cherry blossoms blooming 
over the path to the shrine as they walked along. "I dreamed about Kagato, and 
all the things he told me. All I've ever been all my life has been a weapon of 
destruction. A pirate, a killer. The galaxy has no place for people like that."

"Well, what things did Kagato tell you? He's dead you know, and all his words 
with him."

"That's not true, Tenchi! His words live on in me. Every word was another kick, 
punch, or slap, and because I don't forget, they don't heal. And I don't think 
I'm worth anything anymore. In my dream he tells me he could have made me a 
stone, and that's what I become…a little stone in his hand. And it scared me to 
death, Tenchi, it scared me so bad."

Tenchi walked along with her as she told him all of this, quietly assimilating 
all of her feelings, and all of the thoughts racing through his mind as she 
poured out her heart. He stopped, putting his hands behind his back, watching 
the wind blow the cherry blossoms.

"Do you remember the time at the inn when Sasami had to tell Ayeka that her 
sister had died?"

Ryoko nodded, sniffling quietly. She remembered the little girl being afraid to 
tell her sister, thinking that the group would reject her for what she thought 
she wasn't.

"Do you remember what I told Sasami about the situation?"

"You…you told her that we all loved her just the way she was." She wiped her 
eyes on the back of her sleeve, and heaved a sigh. "But that was different, 
Tenchi. Sasami's just a little girl. And she wasn't used as a weapon to enslave 
and kill and hurt."

Tenchi looked thoughtfully at her for a moment. He measured her with those quiet 
brown eyes that she always thought she could get lost in.

"The key word in your words is "Used." Kagato did use you, Ryoko. He controlled 
and manipulated you to his own ends. You're your own person, now, and you have 
your own worth in our eyes."

A tear ran down her cheek as she watched and listened.

"Everyone here owes you something, Ryoko. You're Washu's daughter, you're 
Sasami's friend. You've saved my life more times than I can count. Even Ayeka 
was concerned about you just now at the house."

Ryoko looked away, her brow furrowing gently as she considered his words.

"So…what you're saying is……"

Tenchi smiled at the space pirate and gathered her close, hugging her. Ryoko 
melted against him with a sigh.

"What I'm saying is, from here on out, only you can decide what you are. And 
you'll never be worthless, or simply a convenience. You will always be a friend, 
a mentor, and loved."

"Oh, Tenchi…Thank you…Thank you!" Ryoko threw her arms around him and kissed him 
and then, clasping her hands together, disappeared. Tenchi sat down on the steps 
and looked at the ground between his feet quietly, and then turned his gaze 
again to the branches. 

And just above him, a cherry blossom caught the breeze and soared into the 
endless blue sky.


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~*~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~*~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~*~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


Note From the Author:

Okay, This is my first fanfic. I was inspired during "Kagato Attacks" By the 
line that starts this story. Any questions or comments, can be sent to 
Kenshi@excelonline.com. I welcome it all.  


