Before you even read beyond this point I would like to make something
clear...  I do these songfics because I like the original songs and I think
I can do a decent job at rewritting them so that they can fit a particular
anime.  I don't expect everyone to like what I write.  So if you feel like
throwing your middle finger at your screen while your reading this; feel
free.  But as a favor to me...  Insert that finger up the oraphus of your
choice (I particularlly have one in mind) and sit on it.  This is not
directed toward anyone inparticularlly, but it applies to anyone.

Now that; that is out of the way.  This is a songfic that has been flicked
from Sugar Rays 14;59 CD.  The song in question is "Every Morning"  It was
influenced by the thought of what Tenchi goes through every time he wakes up
in the morning, and what he goes through to get out of bed.

"Every Morning"

***{Tenchi wakes up and opens his eyes to a familiar site}***

[Tenchi]
Every morning I wake up to see Ryoko floating just above while I'm in my
bed/

She know's I hate that but she's hoping that I'll slip up and try to have a
one night stand/

Couldn't understand how I would get out/

once again as predicted she came in unannounced/

if I set up a barrier she'd rip it out/

when she squeeze me it leaves me reeling/

stopping me from breathing/

***{Aeka storms in and pulls Tenchi's arm to get Ryoko to let go}***

then Aeka grabs hold and turns me around again/

[Ryoko]
you know that we can do it/

[Aeka]
I won't let Ryoko try to do it again/

[Tenchi]
Thisiscrazy/

every morning/

every morning when I wake up/

Shut the door you two, don't say a word/

***{Ryoko and Aeka starring each other down}***

[Ryoko]
I'm always right and you're  wrong/

[Aeka]
she's never right x2/

shut the door you two x2/

every morning there's a headache waiting for me as the girls fight over me
on my bed/

I try to let them know that I really love them both but they never listen to
a word of what I said/

Ryoko can be so deceiving and Aeka can dish out a beating/

which turns me around again/

why must I go through this/

[Ryoko]
you know I want to do it again/ (Aeka: WHAT!!!)

[Tenchi]
every morning x2/

when I wake up/

Shut the door you two, don't say a word/

every morning x2 every morning shut the door baby x2/

at least Sasami always rights the wrong/

for me, such a cutie/

[Ryoko & Aeka]
she always rights the wrong???/

WHAT ABOUT ME!!!/

***{Tenchi wakes up to see both Ryoko and Aeka standing at the foot of his
bed shaking hands}***

[Tenchi]
Just last morning I woke up to find out that they both tied me down to the
four post of my bed/

I should be angery but at least they're not fighting as they work together
to drive me out of my head/

shut the door Ryoko don't say a word/

every morning x2/

when I wake up/

shut the door Aeka, don't say a word/

every morning (repeat to fade)

***{Ryoko and Aeka close the door and start to giggle at the pictures they
took of Tenchi}***

******************************************************

If you haven't heard the song before and need some musical accompaniemet to
help you combine my lyrics to the song...  go here:

http://www.sugarrayonline.com/pages/music/1459.html
It's a great site with soundbites of his songs.

If you have Realplayer (Realplayer G2 would do the best job) follow this
link to see the video and hear the entire song (It's best if you have a
28.8k modem or better.  If you have a good 56k modem and good bandwith to
match, the video is perfectly smooth *I know, I'm just as amazed as you*):

http://media.atlantic-records.com/media/Sugar_Ray/1459/every_morning_56.rm.ram

I guarentee this is something that everyone would like. But if you don't,
you shouldn't have reached this point to know that...

hm... next on my list is a Ranma Songfic; either the orignal song will be
from Lauryn Hill, Madonna, or Miriah Carey.

Until then
Chow...