Tenchi Muyo! (short story)
The Foundling
--------------

Arriving back in the year 1996 ahead of the others, Sasami and
Mihoshi were rather surprised to find that they had company.

"Miss Washu?" Sasami asked, looking down at the small bassinet.
Inside was a small creature. It had a batlike muzzle, but was
completely hairless and furless, so tiny Sasami could have held
him in the palm of her hand. Its tiny eyelids were closed and it
was curled up in a fetal position, its thumb stuck in its mouth.

"Kain killed him, so I made a duplicate from a DNA sample I took
from Tokyo Tower. Tenchi's going to have enough trouble dealing
with his inadvertent role in his mother's early death, He
doesn't need some hotshot cop's death making him feel worse."

"He was a cop?" Mihoshi asked. "Wow!"

"He's so cute!" Sasami squealed, happily.

"He sure is." Washu agreed. "But as soon as he turns sixteen,
he's grounded."

Kiyone arrived a moment later.

"Kiyone! I missed you!" Mihoshi glomped onto her partner and
nuzzled her affectionately. "I haven't seen you since... 1970..
wow! We've been apart twenty-six years. You haven't forgotten me
in all that time have you? Please say you haven't. I didn't
forget you."

"What a surprise." Kiyone muttered.

"Huh?"

"I said, 'How very nice'." Kiyone covered. "Hey, what's with the
bassinet?"

"Washu says he was a cop but..."

Kiyone peered into the bassinet. "Operative A!" she gasped,
recognizing him despite his current appearance. As the only
member left of his species, there was no one else he could be.

"I was hoping you and Mihoshi could look after him." Washu told
Kiyone.

"Can't." Kiyone apologized. "But I know someone who'd be perfect
for the job."

When Tenchi, Ayeka, and Ryoko arrived, Kiyone handed Ryoko the
baby.

"Congratulations, mom." she grinned.
