.........................
goodbye and hello
a tenchi muyo spamfic
nikholas mayhem f. toledo
.........................

      Ayeka stood quietly in the center of the massive machine, her face
calm through years of etiquette training, yet there was a hint of sadness
in her eyes.

      "I'll ask you one last time, Ayeka..." Washuu said from the safety
of her control room. "Are you sure you want to do this?"

      Ayeka sighed. How many times has she had to explain this? It had
been so hard to break the news to Kiyone and even harder to Sasami.
Washuu had only nodded, as if she had already known that this was going
to happen. She had given up on trying to explain the situation to
Mihoshi, although she did understand what was important: That she was
leaving them... for good.

      "You know that this is the right thing to do..." Ayeka replied, as
if trying to convince herself. "Out of all of us, I'm the one who's at
the losing end if Tenchi decides to marry someone else..."

      She almost broke down at this point, but she bit back her tears and
tried to smile. "This is the only way that I won't end up as an old maid.
After all, it's very bad for the Royal family of Jurai to end up as an
unwedded spinster."

      "Ayeka..." Sasami whimpered, "please don't leave us..." Ryo-Oki
echoed her sentiments.

      "It's time..." Washuu whispered, and Ayeka closed her eyes, and
waited for the insane roar of the massive generators, the rapid spin of
the passenger module, and the feeling of disembodiment when the machine
reached critical, sending her back to---

      "WAIT!" Someone's voice rang out over the sub-space lab. Ayeka
opened her eyes slowly and gazed at the old worn spectacled face of
Tenchi's grandfather.

      "Ayeka..." he puffed, as if he had run all the way from his shrine.
"I heard from Kiyone... You really don't have to do this..."

      "Grandfather..." she found herself saying. It was odd, they used to
be part of the same generation way back when on Jurai, before all this
had happened. He seemed more like a grandfather to her more than anything
else now. Space travel really did have this weird effect on age
differences and all that. "Yosho... I..."

      "No..." For the first time in a long while, Tenchi's grandfather
seemed not-calm. "Don't say Yosho... Just call me grandfather or at least
Katsuhito and forget all about this... Tenchi likes you, and I've already
passed on your engagement to me to him. You don't have to do this..."

      "I can't do that..." Akeya looked away. She really did want to say
here, to stay with Tenchi. But the path was clear to her. There were only
a few questions she had to ask to be sure. "Tell me, why haven't you told
us about Tenchi's grandmother?"

      He couldn't answer.

      "Why don't you tell us why Tenchi's half-Juraian?" Ayeka pressed
on. "Isn't he supposed to be only one-fourth Jurai? Isn't Achika the one
who's half-blood? Tell me, Yosho, who was your wife?"

      He didn't answer.

      Tears began to trickle down her cheeks. "Why didn't you tell us?"
she sobbed. "Why didn't you tell me?"

      "That's because I want you to live your life..." Yosho replied, his
voice suddenly calm, full of knowledge.

      Ayeka stared back in surprise.

      Yosho continued. "I wanted you to live your life, to have all the
fun adventures you will have told me, all of it. Do you think that if I
told you from the start that Tenchi was your grandchild, you would have
stayed instead of going home immediately?"

      "Yes, but..." she stammered.

      Yosho answered, as if he knew her question (that's because he did).
"That's why I never told you or anyone about you (the older you who went
back). A lot of things would have changed, and you wouldn't have been
happy as you are, as you were, as you would have been..."

      "Then why did you try to stop me?"

      "That's because I wanted you to know, that before you left, that
you aren't doing this just because you thought that you'll never get
Tenchi." He stroked her tender cheek, just like in his past, and in her
future. "I want you to know that you are doing this because he loved you
enough to make you his grandmother, and that you loved me enough to chase
me halfway across the galaxy, and that you loved all of us to give
everything up to go back in time just to set things right."

      Ayeka was so overwhelmed that she couldn't say anything. Yoshio
took her in his arms and let her sob quietly on his shoulder.

      "Goodbye..." she whispered.

      "Don't say goodbye," he replied, stepping back. "You'll be seeing
me again..."

      "Well..." she said as the machine began to whine. "Goodbye and
hello..."

      "Yes... That's what you said you said..."

      And the time machine began to spin, faster and faster, crackling
with temporal energies, and then with a flash that filled the lab, Ayeka
was gone, and everything had happened just as it had, cause nothing had
changed.

      Sasami began to cry and he reached down and lifted her up, letting
her cry on his shoulder that not so long ago her sister cried on. His
glasses were frosted over as he gazed into the empty chair and into his
memories.

      "Hello and goodbye again, Ayeka..."

......
mayhem
030699
......

addenum:

   this spamfic has been in my hard disk for a year now and, in the light
of the revelation of who exactly Tenchi's grandmother is in the third
movie which came out summer 2000 (more or less), has become outmoded.
   still it is a good story concept, and a way to explain the strange
Yosho-Ayeka relationship in the 1st OAV series and to avoid Ayeka's
impending loss of Tenchi since it seems that Pioneer's developing a
stronger Tenchi-Ryoko matchup lately.
   c&c's welcome and will be paid for by a transdimensional kumquat with
anti-lock break systems...

------
mayhem
061100
------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Nikholas F. Toledo Zu @ WWW: The Entertainment Capital of UP Village
 Vector, Switch, Yebah, Rain Man, goo, Pervert, Scruples, Hollie, NomaD,
 Blitz, Gee, Datzo, Jewel, elf, Radler, Pinball, Mayhem, Chaos, Father,
 Attar, Llewe and Katana @ http://nikholas-f-toledo-zu.webjump.com/ NEW!
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
