     As the camera comes on rather than the hiideous face of Jaiq that we
are all used to, we see a rather handsome oriental young man.

Tenchi:  Ahoyahoy!  Welcome, kind readers some of you who are
             familiar with 5150 productions may notice a conspicuous
             absence in this opening scene, Jaiq da Goose.  I will now tell
             you why.  For as long as I can remember, My life has been
             bent to the whims of maniacal fiction writers, like Jaiq.  So
             when Jaiq aproached me with this project I naturaly agreed.
             Turn about is fair play and all.  I must tell you that as Jaiq
             does not own my show, Tenchi Muyo! or any of it's characters
             (we belong to Pioneer LDC & AIC) , I do not own any of the
             5150 characters or Lady Une, who happens to be property of
             Sunrise.  And now on with the fic.

^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~

Theatrica trailor:  You all have seen the adventures of Tenchi Masaki,
                          But have you ever seriously thought about how your
                          life would be different if you were Tenchi?
(Obviously
                          other wise there may never have been fan fics)
But
                          Jaiq will find out What it's like to be Tenchi, In
a bad
                          fan fic.

^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~^_~

     When Jaiq woke-up that morning he once again found that his privacy has
been violated.  She was right there floting over his hammock in his father's
attic.

     Ella was looking staight in his eyes as he opened them.  She demanded,
"I want it Jaiq, and I want it NOW"!

     "But Ella, it's only...", Jaiq looks at his watch, "8:13, it's to
early".

      "You said you would give it to me this morning", She angrily reminded
him, "you promised". When she got like this, Jaiq knew the only thing he
could do was give the demon/cat/girl what she wanted.

     "Okay, I'm up.", and with that he rolled over, fell out of his hammock,
reached for his backpack, and handed her a hand full of assorted strings.
She was happy, for now.

     As he wnet down stairs, Stormy was in the kitchen, cooking up a storm
(didn't see that one comming did you?).  Which happend to be the room at the
bottom of the stairs.  She turned to see her friend (and secret desire),
"Good morning Jaiq"!

     "Good morning Stormy-chan".

     On his way to the bathroom, Jaiq accidently bumped into Princess Une.
As they dusted themselves off Une blushed and greeted her not so secret
desire, "Good morning Lord Jaiq, That devil woman didn't disturb you this
morning, did she"?

     "Good morning Princess Une, no she didn't".

     After his morning unload, Jaiq made his way to the livingroom where he
found Trista watching the morning news and enjoying an all too brief moment
without her bumbling Galaxy Police partner, Mia.  Jaiq sat on the sofa next
to her and started watching the television himself.  "Good morning Trista".

     "Good morning Jaiq, have you seen Mia?  We're supposed to be on patrol
in a fewminutes".

     Before Jaiq could answer, An explosion was heard as Lily chased the
blonde demolistionist from her laboratory in the hall closet.  "Damn it Mia,
how many times have I told you to stay out of my lab"?

     Mia didn't realize the question was rhetorical, "Um, How many times
have
you told me again"?

     With that Lily growled in frustration and slammed the door.

     Having finished his breakfast amid Ella and Une fighting with each
other, and Trista throttling Mia, Jaiq left the house to attend to the
fields
(which there are realy not that many of in Detroit).

     Just after he steppedout of the back door a man came down out of a
giant
spaceship.  He had brown hair, brown eyes, a brown leather jacket, brown
pants, and brown boots, covered by a grey cape.

     Jaiq looked at him and said, "Hunter"?

     "Who is hunter?  I am Kagato"!

     "Aren't you dead"?

     "No! I'm here to vilinize this fic and you can't stop me!
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!"

 ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^

Jaiq:  This little bit of sillyness was inspired by a writer that goes by
         the name of "Foxanime" who pointed out that we fanfic writers
         have been toying with Tenchi's life for our own ends.  So I
         decided to give Tenchi a chance to toy with my life for a while.
If
         you want to flame me for this over zellous selfinsertion you can
         find me at goose20693@aol.com standing ready with my can of
         gas (to make it interesting).

     "You can't have everything.  Where would you put it"?

  --Steven Wright
