    Little Ryoki

 Disclaimer:I don't own all these characters,but I own Ryoki.
 I don't mean the little cabbit.REG.Flare it's about something I made,when
Ryoko's daughter  comes from the future.

 Tenchi was walking around the lake,when something fell into it.Then it
burst
out and stood on the water,like Ryoko.He saw that it was a littler version
of
Ryoko."Hi!"The little Ryoko said."Waa-who are you?"Tenchi said back."I'm
Ryoki,Ryoko's daughter from the future."She said,and then she
disappeared."Oh
great,now we have two trouble makers."Tenchi muttered to himself,and ran
into
the house.He saw Ryoki talking to Ryoko,explaining
something."Hi,Tenchi!"Ryoko said,giggling.Ayeka walked to the top of the
stairs and gasped.Ryoki said,"Who are you?"."A-Ayeka."She said,shaken."Oh
yeah,I'm Ryoko's daughter from the future,and my name's Ryoki."Ryoki
said,falling off the stairs,but disappearing before she hit the
bottom.Sasami
came in,saying that breakfast was ready.Mihoshi heard and came down.Everyone
got into the kitchen to find that Ryoki and Ryo-Ohki were
playing."oh!Sorry,I
forgot about breakfast when Ryo-ohki came in."Ryoki said,and She and
Ryo-Ohki
walked outside.As they sat down,Tenchi noticed that Ryoki was talking to
Ryo-ohki,and ryo-ohki was talking to her as well.After breakfast,Ayeka,for
some reason,ran to Ryoki,and asked her,"Who is your father?"."Um,he said to
not tell anyone untill they noticed I'm not all like Ryoko."Ryoki
answered."I
know that,you didn't destroy my ship!"Ayeka said,getting angry."No,but I
destroyed a bit off your planet.It was a dare!"Ryoki said."YOU
WHAT?!?!?"Ayeka screamed at her,but Ryoki disappeared.

                     ************************************************
In the evening,Ryoki started whispering to Ryoko,making them both
laugh.Ayeka
heard them laughing and walked to the stairs.Ryoki and Ryoko were laughing
hard.
"I realize you not all like Ryoko."ayeka said to Ryoki.Ryoki and Ryoko
stopped laughing."Tell me who your father is."Ayeka
asked."Heehee,little-princess-of-Juari,
My father is the little-prince-of-Juari."Ryoki said,and she and Ryoko
started
laughing again.Ayeka screamed.Tenchi came down the stairs."What's
happening?"
He asked."She said,that her father is you!"Ayeka
said."Yeah,Little-prince-of-Jauri."Ryoko said.Ryoki starting running
outside,be chased by Ayeka,be chased by Ryoko,who is screaming,"Leave Ryoki
alone!",being chased by Tenchi.
Then a gap in the sky made them all stop."Well,I'll come back.Bye Ryoko,bye
Tenchi,bye Ayeka,bye Ryo-Ohki,bye Sasami,Bye Mihoshi!"Ryoki said."Bye
Ryoki.'Every one said as Ryoki flipped into the gap.

           END

