authors first fic, a new character
OK first of all, this is my first fic, it really sucks i know, so only
constructive criticism
please, i get enough mail about how i suck as a person, i don't need any on
how i suck as a
fanfic author. second, i do not own any of these characters, except Bam, all
characters are
copyright of their respective owners, (probably some Japanese name i cant
spell) or what ever.
PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE don't sue me!! I have no money! Thank you for your
cooperation.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

~~
NO NEED FOR LOSER FANFIC WRITERS LIKE ME

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

~~

(This is supposed to take place in the OVA or whatever, but with some
aspects
of Tenchi Universe [mainly Washu and Mihoshi appearing prior to the
encounter
with Kagato], after Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami, and Mihoshi, and Washu have made
their debuts, a little while before Kagato. )

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------------------

    A bright red streak crossed the sky. A loud, high pitched whine
gradually
rose in volume,
until it crescendoed into a deafening crash and a blinding flash of light.
Several kilometers
away Tenchi Masaki wakes with a start, filled with a sense of dread. He
shrugs it off and goes
back to sleep...

    Around 11:00. Tenchi was out working in the fields with Ryo-ohki. Ryoko
was still
sleeping, Sasami was busy preparing lunch, Mihoshi was watching TV, Ayeka
was
in her room, doing
something, and Washu was in her lab of course. Ryo-ohki started meowing and
looking over to the
east, where the fields gave way to the mountains and forest. A fairly tall,
lean figure staggers
out of the woods, stumbles and fall. Tenchi doesn't notice as he is facing
another direction,
and he's is thinking of the constant fighting that has been going on between
the new arrivals in
 his house. Ryo-ohki starts tugging at his pant leg, and he notices the
collapsed figure.
    "Oh, God..." he says to himself and runs to another suprise visitor. It
appears to be
pretty much human, with the obvious exception of his tail and dark bluish
black fur covering
his body up to his neck. The fur is slightly singed, his clothes are torn
and
burnt, and the
light skin of his face is covered in soot.
    "We gotta get you some help pal." Tenchi said, lifting this stranger on
to his back.
    "Nnnnnnnnnnn..." he moaned a Tenchi ran back towards the house, Ryo-ohki
close behind.
    As he enters the house Sasami comes out of the kitchen.
    "Tenchi, I just wan...Oh my goodness, what happened?!" she asked as she
saw Tenchi run in. He immediately headed to Washu's lab.
    "Washu, I found him out in the fields, unconscious. Do something!"
    "Ok, ok, put him right here Tenchi. Thats it. Now this should take care
of him, he'll just need a day or so to heal," Washu tapped a few keys on the
console, and a transparent bubble surrounded the the strange young man.
Satisfied everything was in order, Tenchi and Washu went to go have lunch.

    The next day...

    Bam Joshida sat up and rubbed his eyes. His whole body was damp, and he
was extremely sore. He rubbed his head, drying off his hair, causeing it to
stand up and become rather spikey. As he pryed his eyelids open, he found
himself in a strange, dark room, seemingly some laboratory.
    "Well I see you finally decided to join us in the land of the living,"
an
amused female voice said. He spun around to see a woman with long, spikey,
red hair which looked vaguely like a crab, staring at him.
    "Who are you? Where am I? What happened? I feel like hell," he asked the
woman.
    "My name is Washu, you are on the planet Earth, which I assume is what
you meant. You don't look like your from here. It seems you had a rather
nasty accident," She smiled and stood up. "Well, you might as well come and
get something to eat. Follow me."
    The two exited the lab to find everyone sitting around the table,
haveing
dinner. Washu made the introductions.
    "This is Tenchi, he is the one who found you, his father Nobuyuki and
grandfather Katsuhito. To his right is Ayeka and her sister Sasami, Mihoshi,
and that is Ryoko. Everyone, this is..." Washu looked at him.
    "Uh, oh. My name is Jashida, but you can call me Bam," he said, looking
around the room.
    "Well Im glad you're okay Bam. You didn't look very well yesterday,"
Tenchi said. "And i'd like to let you know you are welcome to stay here as
long as you like."
    "Thank you, I don't really know what to say,"
    "Well if you don't mind," Ayeka asked "I was wondering how you happened
to come to Earth?"
    Bam sat down at the table and started to explain.
    "I am from a world called Fiojimi. My people were at peace with the two
other sentient races in our solar system. They both lived on the planet
Kyojimi, which was the planet closer to our sun, Jimii. We lived in a
magnificent society, filled with scolars, warriors and artists. The warriors
were little more athletes, competinging in games of honor and skill, seeing
as there was no desire for war between the three races. We lived this way
for
7000 years, until we were visited by a mysterious race. They never showed
themselves to us, except for a single envoy. He demanded that we return what
was theirs, some kind of sword. Of course we did not understand what it was
they wanted. After we explained we did not have it, that we had never
encountered any other race other than our own three, the envoy returned to
his ship, to return home we assumed.  We were wrong. He said something about
experiencing the wrath of the Jurai Power. The ship was incredibly powerful,
we never stood a chance. Nearly our entire population was murdered, our
homeworlds destoyed by that awesome ship. Many of us fled, me included. I do
not know how many escaped alive, if any. I did not know where I would go,
until I pass this sun. I decided to explore for signs of sentient life, I
approached this planet, Earth. Then I do not remember what happened after. I
must have crashed onto this planet."
    "WHAT?! What did you say that race was?" Ayeka screamed.
    Mistaking her rage for something else, Bam replied "The Jurai were the
ones who killed my family, friends, and everyone else on my worlds. Have you
heard of them?"
    "I happen to be the crown princess of Jurai!! How dare you accuse my
people of such a thing!?"
    "You?!" screamed Bam, jumping up from the table. " I ought to kill you
right here!"
    "Haha, I like this kid already," laughed Ryoko.
    "Hey! Calm down, both of you!! I'm sure we can figure out what happend,
just calm yourselves!!" Tenchi ordered.
    "Lord Tenchi, this young man is claiming my people are murderers!" Ayeka
yelled.
    "She killed my people, my whole race!!" retorted Bam.
    "Now we don't know that for sure. Noone is going to kill anyone until we
straighten this all out. I'm sure Ayeka HAd nothing to do with the death of
your people. So ther is to be absolutley no fighting in this house, is that
understood?" Tenchi asked. Bam and Ayeka nodded.
    "Seeing as Tenchi saved my life, and also is vouching for you, I am
willing to assume i was mistaken about the identity of the ones who
destroyed
my home," Bam told her.
    "And I'm not only talking about that, Ryoko. You and Ayeka are'nt being
very well behaves either."
    "oh, Tenchi, you know I would never do anything to upset you. Whatever
you say," Ryoko said,as she wrapped her arms around his neck.
    "Oh yeah?" He didn't look very convinced.
     The next couple of days passed fairly uneventfully. Bam and Ayeka
learned to tolerate eachother, but were not very warm to eachother. He and
Ryoko seemed to get along great however.
Nobuyuki announced that they were going to the small inn and hot springs
over
the weekend. This put everyone in a good mood.
    When they got there they were geeted by a small woman who ran the inn.
    "Welcome Nobuyuki, Tenchi, Katsuhito. It's good to see you again. And I
see you've brought some friends along," the little woman said. "I'm sure you
four strong men can handle the luggage, I'll show everyone to the rooms."
    "Thank you kindly, Akirosama, it is a pleasure to be here again,"
Katsuhito replied.
    As Tenchi set the bags on the floor of the room Ryoko appeared beside
him.
    "Come on Tenchi, join me in the hot springs," she tugged at his arm.
"Wev'e got plenty of time to unpack later."
    "Oh, I guess so," he said, knowing she would not let up until he did,
and
he was looking foward to the relaxation anyway. They walked down the halls
toward the springs, to be joined by Bam, Sasami and Washu. Ryoko scowled at
not having a little time with Tenchi alone, but she didn't say anything.
They
all spent the remained of the day in the spring, while Katsuhito and
Nobuyuki
stayed in and talked with Akirosama. At the springs everone was splashing
each other and laughing. A good time was had all around. Washu, being the
most brilliant scientific mind in the universe, happened to notice how Bam
tended to constantly glance at Ryoko. She also noticed the look on his face
everytime Ryoko hung on to Tenchi. She made a mental note of it...
    ...Later that evening Washu and Bam were getting ready for bed. Bam was
thinking of a scene earlier in the day when Ryoko was wrapped around Tenchi,
rubbing his chest in the spring, and sighed. Washu turned to him and said,
"It's difficult I know, but Ryoko is a vey difficult person." Shocked at how
it seemed Washu knew what he was thinking of.
    "Uh, e-excuse me?" he stuttered.
    "You like her very much, don't you?" she asked. "You are very attracted
to Ryoko, are you not?"
    Bam was taken aback once more. "Um, yes, how did you know? Is it that
obvious?"
    "No, no, don't worry. I am a scientist, it's my job to notice little
things."
    "Oh." He could not think of anything to say at the moment.
    "Well I'm sure she will come around eventually. No one knows Ryoko
better
than me. After all, you could say I am her mother."
    "You? You don't look old enough to be anyones mother, plus I thought
Ryoko was thousands of years old,"
    "Hahaha, don't let my cuteness fool you, I am over 20,000 years old."
    "Oh. Well you dont look a day over 1000," Bam said. They both laughed,
and after talking for a little while longer, they both fell asleep.
Eventually, Bams dreams were filled with images of Ryoko...

    Meanwhile, a distance away...

    "Well well, look what we have here, Ryoko, Washu, Ayeka, and... Yosho.
And what's this?
A Jimi'ian, here, not three months from when I destroyed that system. He
must
have been in that ship I shot down a few days ago. How coincidental. Hmmm
this keeps getting more and more interesting, I think I will pay the, all a
visit in the morning..."

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------

    Hey, if you actually read this, you are awesome!! thank you. If you
liked
it, I LOVE YOU!! haha. I think I'll end it here, and if I feel like it, or
dont but enough people want me too, I'll go on with this. Umm oh if anyone
out there thinks its stupid that I added another character, Bam, I just
thought it would add a little diversity. If you havent noticed he is
starting
fall for Ryoko, I always thought the story could stand a little change from
everone loves Tenchi. If any one thinks Bams name is stupid, I do to... I
cant really think of cool sounding Japanese names,and I was watching the CKY
skate video, so I named him Bam after Bam Margera, pro skater and prankster,
which is usually a rad name, but not here. Just look at the old woman who
runs the inn, I just made up a stupid name which really sucks so... what am
I
rambbling on about? I shut up now, dont forget to email me telling me what
you thought of the story so far, or if you just hate me and want to tell me
so. Punk Rawk Jesse, McFlysucks@aol.com ip.s. if any one can think of a good
name for bam, please tell me

haha thanks for your time, Punk Rawk Jesse