			No Need For Mayuka 
		     (My first Tenchi Fanfiction)
			By Sasami/Ryo-ohki fan

Disclaimer: Tenchi, Ryoko, Sasami, Aiaka, Mayuka and other Tenchi 
characters are not owned by me but by AIC and Pioneer and I do not 
plan to make a profit from this piece of work.

---
Papa's grandfather opened the door. Much to my surprise, everyone 
was waiting for me. Everyone looked very relived. Papa's 
grandfather said  "I found her crying her eyes out in a cinder 
tree." I looked around and the first thing I saw was Ryoko who was 
not amused by my appearence. Suddenly, I felt hate, the hate for 
Ryoko, because she was the one who put me on that cider tree. I 
went up to her and slapped her as hard as I could. She grabbed me 
and we struggled. It look like she was going to strangle me, when 
Papa grabbed her and broke us apart. Ryoko was trying to get 
free., Yelling "Tenchi, Tenchi please." Papa yelled out "Ryoko!" 
and slapped her. The blow drove her back. She looked up. Papa 
tried to apoligized, but Ryoko said in a weak voice, "Tenchi.", 
then she flew out of the house.


Author's note: This is my first Tenchi fanfiction, so I know it 
really sucks. I'm sorry if it's short, but this is the only part 
of Daughter of Darkness I can remember. I'm not even sure if the 
story is right. I might make the whole story in Mayuka's point of 
view.  I will send in some more fanfiction soon. For those who 
have't seen it, when Mayuka says papa, she is referring to Tenchi. 
This is a small part of a long but great anime movie. If you have 
any comments or corrections, please email me at 
jenott@azstarnet.com

-Sasami/Ryo-ohki fan
