Disclaimer:  Pioneer owns these characters.  I'm not making any money off
it.  Of course, if laughs were currency, I'd be rich!

==-==-==
Rising Through the Ranks

Brian Burke
Tenchii@hotmail.com
==-==-==

        On a relaxing day, Sasami is just finishing preparing another
masterpiece.  "Mihoshi?" looking into the living room, "Mihoshi, would you
go find everyone for lunch?"

        Looking up from her magazine, "sure thing, Sasami," she replies.
Seeing
that the lab door is the closest to her, she enters carefreely.  Amazingly,
she walks effortlessly to the inner areas of the lab.  "Miss Washu?" she
calls.

        The spike-haired red head gasps at the voice.  Like the squeaky
sound of
death, she calls her name.  "MIHOSHI!" she screams.  "How the hell did you
get in here?"

        "I, uh, used the door?  Anyways, Sasami has lunch ready."

        "How did you find me?  I have the place rigged to keep you out!
Robots,
forcefields, and WBFGs!  How did you escape them?"

        "Well, I don't know.  Maybe you should have turned them on?"
Looking at the current experiment, the bright colors put Mihoshi into awe.
"What's this, Miss Washu?" she asks, probing a finger forward.

        "MIHOSHI!  DON'T TOUCH-"  But, her tactile impression causes an
imbalance
in the nucleonic core of the luminescent mineral sample.  The result was a
sub-nuclear rapid expulsion of atoms.

Readers:  What?

        Mihoshi touched the rock and blew up the lab.

        After the dust cloud settles, the pair stand frozen.  Charred, but
frozen.
"Mihoshi," Washu gasps, "I have plans for you."

        Blinking into conciousness, "what is that?"

        "I'm going to experiment on you.  I'm going see why you're so damn
lucky."

==-==-==
        An hour later, Mihoshi is strapped to a table in her undergarments,
with
multiple wires attached to her.  Some are attached to her head, some to her
arms and legs, even a couple to her...nevermind.

        "Mihoshi," Washu asks, "how did you ever become  first class
detective?  You destroy everything!"

        "I, uh, try really hard?"

        Washu face faults.  "You gotta be kidding me."  Putting her face to
her
guinea pig's, "there must be something you're hiding."

        Blushing, "no, I don't think so."

        "Mihoshi, you can tell me.  What did you do?"

        "Uh, if I tell you," she stammers, "you won't tell anyone else,
right?"

        Backing off, "sure.  I can keep a secret," she states, crossing her
arms.
"Tell me.  What did you do?"

==-==-==
        Walking into the office in the corridor, the blonde detective sees
her
commanding officer sitting behind his desk.  "Section chief," she says,
saluting.

        "Yes, Lt. Kuramitsu," he responds.  "Can I help you?" he asks.

        "As a matter of fact, yes.  Computer, run the shadow program."  The
computer complies, and the lights dim.  "Section chief," she says quietly,
"I'm due for a promotion soon.  I want to show you that I got what it
takes."

        "Uh, how is that?"

        Walking over to him, she removes her top and drops it on the floor.
"Let
me show you," she responds."

==-==-==
        "I don't want to hear anymore, Mihoshi," Washu states, ready to be
sick.
Releasing her victim, "get out of here!"

        As the woman leaves, Washu explodes into a fit of laughter.  "That
was the
most ridiculous thing I ever heard!  And to think, everyone thought it was
her skills that promoted her!"

==--end--==