MST:You are my everything, Ryouko and Don't you forget it

O.k. Tenchi and all related characters e.t.c belong to Pioneer and A.I.C
So there is no need to sue!!!
WARNING:This IS a lemon
My comment's are in *these*.
If I have my facts wrong, I appologise. I havn't read the other parts.
I have nothing against the writer of this.

You Are My Everything, Ryoko and Don't You Forget It
*Whats with that title anyway?*
Chapter 4: Part 1

By: Myo Myo

BACK IN THE DEPTHS OF THE LAB....

    Out of the darkness the figure stepped in front of Ryoko. Her eyes
filled with tears of ambiguity and questioning as to why the figure came to
pass. She held her hands up to her mouth, gasping quietly, not blinking to
ensure the tears would not fall.

    “W-what... what are you doing here?”

    “I’m sorry, Ryoko. I.... I love you. I didn’t mean to leave you unaware
of my dedication to you. Please forgive me.”

    “But... Tenchi..”

    “Please, Ryoko. Just give me a chance and I’ll prove to you how much I
love you.” *This is a tad out of character. I mean the boldness*

    “But... I love... someone else... Tenchi.”

    “What? Who?”

    “.... Nagi....”

    “HER!? But, how could you love her?! She’s just a cold hearted bounty
who hunts you down for the hell of it!!” *AND SHE'S A GIRL!*

    “That’s not true, Tenchi! She loves me cause she said she did! And...
and I believe her!” *If someone of your own gender said they loved you,
would YOU beleive them?*

    “Oh, really? Well, what if she said that she was going kill you?! Would
you believe her?! Huh!?”

    “... She wouldn’t do that. NO! She wouldn’t!”

    “I can show you true happiness, Ryoko. Leave Nagi the way she is. She
needs to be alone. I want to always be with you. Please, just drop Nagi.
She’s gone. She isn’t even here! Be with me and I’ll promise you you’ll get
the best of my heart.”

    “No.... I... I can’t. I know she’ll come back... She will come back to
me! How cou-”

    Ryoko’s sentence was cut off by Tenchi’s lips hungrily overcoming her
own. His hands traveled to her bare back and then down to the sides of her
hips. She moaned, slightly scraping at Tenchi’s back. Once Tenchi’s hands
found her breasts, her mind snapped. <Nagi...>*Yet again Tenchi is out of
character.*

    “I love you too, my precious Ryoko...”

    Ryoko pushed Tenchi back, sending him a few feet away from her. She
hopped off the lab table just as Washu had returned with a bottle of some
liquid medication for her incomprehensible daughter. Ryoko’s eyes were dead
set on Tenchi’s as she didn’t tear them off of him for a second. Washu saw
Tenchi standing but a few feet from Ryoko as Ryoko had grabbed her robe off
of the table and covered her body, clasping it tightly around herself.

    “I won’t, Tenchi... I can’t... I’m sorry, but Nagi has my heart. I.... I
love her! And there’s nothing you can do to stop my growing passion for her!
So just back off!”

    Ryoko stormed past Tenchi, shoving him aside. Washu had dropped the
bottle at the words, “I love her.” Washu looked up at Tenchi who eyes were
glass. He couldn’t believe it. Ryoko loved Nagi. Tenchi could feel his heart
crumbling within him. <I... I can’t believe this... I‘m... I‘m a much better
choice than Nagi...>Tenchi thought as he walked silently out, not realizing
that Washu was about to ask him something.

    As he left, Washu stared at the mess she made with the bottle. She saw
her face, her eyes, and the tears. The tears she shed for her daughter, who
could possibly hold the answer to this baffling mystery.

    -Why? What do you see in her... Ryoko...- *(Wasu) she's a GIRL!*

    -Just leave me alone, mom.*Since when has Ryouko called Washu Mom?* I
don’t need your help on this. It’s my love
life. Let me handle this...-

    Crashing through the living room, everyone jumped, turning towards Ryoko
in surprise. Ryoko’s face was red in addition to her huffing and puffing.
Sasami looked up, her face brightening instantly. She leaped off the couch
and onto Ryoko.

    “Ryoko!”

    Sasami wrapped her arms around Ryoko’s waist, holding her in place.
Ryoko gasped from the grasp of the small girl, now catching sight of
everyone’s eyes on her. *I can't see Sasami grabing someone only covered in
a robe*

    “I thought something bad happened to you. Are you alright?”

    “I’m... I’m fine, Sasami.”

    Ryoko returned the embrace to the small girl. Ayeka, Ryo-Ohki, and
Nobiyuki all sat watching Ryoko embrace the small female tightly. Sasami had
her face buried in Ryoko’s dress. Her fragrance*?* made Sasami dizzy with
cheerfulness. She adored Ryoko. Her fighting skills, her looks, even her
ways of making Ayeka mad *who wouldn't*. Sasami loosened her grip on the
pirate *Am I the only one who gets annoyed when Ryouko's referred to like
that?* and looked
up to meet soft hazel eyes. *There clearly yellow*

    Ryoko leaned forward and placed a soft kiss on Sasami’s forehead. She
giggled as Ryoko managed to smile. Ryoko mussed Sasami’s hair, walking away
to the back of the Masaki Household. Ayeka watched Sasami’s reaction from
the small peck of the pirate. She growled and leaped up to catch the
disaster-prone pirate *How can you catch a standing person. And whats with
the Mihoshi style discription?*. Mihoshi was dead sleep on the couch
cushions as
Nobiyuki tried desperately to get a peek at her cleavage.*LOL*

DOWN BY THE LAKE...

    Ryoko sat on the ground, leaning back against a rock, sighing as she
gazed up at the pinkish sky. It was almost dark out as Ryoko‘s mind wouldn‘t
let her cease to think about her bounty*HER bounty?*. The day was almost
over. <Nagi,
please return to me...> Ryoko thought closing her eyes. Ayeka burst through
the bushel of debris, making her way towards the pirate. She stomped over
towards the peacefully resting woman.

    “RYOKO!”

    “Huh...”

    “What is it with you?! You’ve been acting all closed up since your
abduction! I want answers and I want them now!”

    “I have nothing to discuss with you, Princess.”

    “What!? I believe you do! Explain to me why this morning that filthy
*Isn't this a Ryouko description, Aeka?*
bounty’s*They make her sound like a chocolate bar. MMMMM coconut.* name was
slipping out of your mouth from within your room? The
constant moaning I heard when you were alone in your room?*God she's
Snoopy!* And for the coup
de grace, the bath smelt strongly of sex *How can it smell OF sex? What does
sex smell like?*! I’m surprised I found no traces of
any Sake bottles lying around! Now, would you mind explaining all of this to
me?”*(Ryouko)Yes*

    “How do you know I was moaning crap in my room! And the sex in the bath?
You left with everyone else!?”

    “Dear woman *Dear woman? DEAR? >From Aeka? And Ryouko's phisically 17!
She's not such an old biddy!* I don’t always go along with the crowd. And
once Washu had
left and Sasami went back into the kitchen, I found myself in front of your
door. I know you were either crying or moaning, one of the two.” *Wouldn't
you normally assume crying?*

    “Arrr...”

    “Why were you saying ‘that woman’s’ name in your room this morning?”

    “.....” *(Ryouko):p*

    “Well?”

    “Ayeka, you wouldn’t care if I told ya...”

    “Ryoko, if I didn’t care, this conversation would be nothing. Now, tell
me what is the matter.” *Not another one in love with her!*

    “I’m... in love with Nagi, Ayeka...”

    “GAH!? YOU’ER IN LOVE WITH HER!?!?!” *Finally. A normal reaction*

    “Shhhh! Pipe down! You’ll wake up the neighborhood with that big ass
mouth of yours!” *NO! YELL LOUDER!*

    “Oh... you’re in love with her!?!? Wait a minute, we‘re far away from
any human civilization! How can I wake up the neighborhood?!” *Expression*

    “That’s not the point! I love her cause she... she shows me how it feels
to be truly loved, Ayeka. Laugh all you want. Tell everyone. I don’t care. I
love her and that’s the end of it!”

    “.....Well, I guess if you _love_ her that’s your business. I think
everyone _already_ knows, Ryoko. Even if you already told me.” *Come on!
She's just admited shes gay!*

    “Uhhh....” (sweat-drops) *sorry. I had to bracket that last bit. It was
in stars and there for MY comments.*

DEEP IN THE HEART OF SPACE...

    Kou lay on the bed, sleeping soundly as Nagi sat watching over him. She
ran her fingers through his brunette hai*How can one fionger go through
hair?*r, smiling when his eye brow
twitched and his nose twisted.*Hamster boy!* His lips parted as his tongue
rolled over his
lips. Over come with desire, she leaned forward and kissed his lips softly.
He groaned, opening his eyes to meet the bounty’s crimson eyes. He smirked
up at the bounty*MMMmmmmm........Coconut*.

    “Hey...”

    “Hey yourself...”

    “Sheesh, are you always this grumpy?”

    “You don’t know the half...” *(Nagi)I'm gay aswell!*

    “I see...”

    Nagi stood up and walked over to her window, a velvety sheet wrapped
around herself. As she sat on the windowsill of her massive ship staring at
Earth from not far a distance, her mind trailed back to Ryoko. Her
fragrance *?!*, her body, her moans that filled this very room. Nagi knew
the
time would come when she’d have to explain all this to both of them. But
how? Her thoughts were interrupted by the sound of a voice whom she only
knew of one place that it came from.

    “Holy crap! I left my buds back at FATE!? Nagi, would you mind flyin’
this thing back to FATE *(Nagi)YES!*. I kinda need to tell my buds where I
was. I won’t
tell them about you of course.”

    “(sigh) Sure, Kou.”

    Kou stood and walked up behind her, wrapping his arms around her waist
from within the velvet sheet, pulling her of the sill. She moaned as she
felt his naked body pressing against her bare backside. Kou held her as she
leaned her head back against his shoulder. Kou kissed down her neck and
sighed into her shoulder.

    “You alright?”

    “Yeah. I’m fine. Just put your clothes on and I’ll get you back.”

    “Thanks.”

    He turned her around, kissing her lips, then breaking the kiss slowly.
Nagi wrapped her arms around his neck and moaned into the crook of Kou’s
neck as he slid his hands up and down the sides of her shapely*?* body,
stopping momentarily to cup her breasts, massaging them gently, flicking at
her nipples. She whimpered his name as his lips met hers once more. Nagi
kissed him with more force as her tongue managed to seek access into Kou’s
mouth.

    Kou slowly pulled back. She growled when he broke the kiss too early.
Kou just gave Nagi one of his sexiest grins. He released her as he walked
around the room, picking up his scattered clothing. Nagi watched Kou, his
tattooed body bending and reaching for his clothes. She admired his tattoos
and how they fit his rather ‘charming’ personality. Nagi continued to stare
at his nude body retrieve his clothing. As he stood up, he noticed she was
staring at him.

    “Nagi?”

    “Huh? Oh, I’ll get Ken-Ohki ready.”

    Kou gazed at Nagi’s beautiful nude body glide across the floor. He
smiled to himself as he ran fingers over that bite mark Nagi left on him
*Ouch!*.
Kou shook his head as he put on his clothing.

AT THE BAR CALLED FATE....

    “Kou! Kou man, where are you?”

    “K-ou *K-O! Knock out!*!! Where did he run off too now?”

    Sion and Volt kept searching for their missing comrade. Sion was busy
looking under pillows, chairs, carpets, paper clips, pieces of paper, and
other rather small objects, which wasn’t really helping in any case, and
Volt left to ask around town if anyone seen Kou. Just then Dominique walked
into FATE’s doors.

    “Hey Sion!”

    “Huh? Oh, hi Dominique. Help me and Volt look for Kou.”

    “Why? Is he missing?”

    “I guess so. He was here just last night and wasn’t here this morning,
afternoon or now.”

    “You never really cared to much for Kou being around unless it was his
shift, Sion. Why now?”

    “Cause, it was his turn to cook dinner! Hah!”

    “(sighs) -_-;”

BACK WITH THE MASAKI BUNCH...

    The sun was setting fast as Tenchi gathered up the load he left after
that ‘nice‘ chat with Little Washu. Ryo-Ohki was watching him pick up
carrots by the lot. She meowed when he handed her one. He smiled as he
watched the small animal chow down on the vegetable. He heard a sound as he
turned in time to meet the eyes of the one he loved and still does. Ryoko
crouched low, patting Ryo-Ohki’s head as she purred, leaping into Ryoko’s
arms. Ryoko started to walk off as Tenchi stood. <Here’s goes, it’s now or
never...>

    “Ryo-Ohki, I’ve been looking all over for you! And here you are eating
another carrot. Pff, what else is new? Well, let‘s go.”

    “REOW!! ^________^!!”

    “R-Ryoko...”

    Ryoko stopped, back turned from Tenchi, felt her eyes begin to water at
the soft timber of his voice. She sniffled, holding Ryo-Ohki close as the
small animal cuddled closer. Ryoko lifted her head. <No, I won’t cry. Why
should I? He knows I love Nagi...>

    “I’m.... I’m... I’m sorry...”

    “W-what?”

    “I’m sorry for what happened in Washu’s Laboratory. It was just stupid
of me. I didn’t know you cared so much for Nagi. And I’m sorry for never
backing you up on that fact. Forgive me?”

    Ryoko thought for a moment. She wasn’t ready to forgive and forget just
yet. She looked down at Ryo-Ohki. Ryo-Ohki just meowed, smiling big. Ryoko
smiled too, closing her eyes. Without turning to face Tenchi, she answered
fast, but her point was made.

    “No, I don’t forgive you, Tenchi.”

    “But... why?”

    “There are just too many things on my mind right now. I can’t make
decisions right here and now. I have to piece together what’s what. Just....
just leave me alone, Tenchi. When I’m ready to forgive you, I’ll tell you.”

    And with that, Ryoko began to walk off. Tenchi sighed heavily as he
resumed gathering basket loads of carrots and other various vegetables.

BLAZING OFF BACK INTO SPACE...

    Ken-Ohki was picking up speed as he flew down to the spring where Nagi
and Kou were picked up. Nagi had Ken-Ohki beam them both onto the ground.
Kou stretched and turned to face Nagi. She seemed a little gloomy from what
he thought. She wasn’t even looking _at_ him*Why the lines?*. She was really
looking _past_
him.

    “Nagi?”

    “Huh... oh...”

    “Are you sure you’re ok? You don’t look so well...”

    “I’ll get through ok. You just get back before your friends get too
worried.”

    “Yeah, well... bye.”

    Kou turned, giving her one last smile. She felt her heart melt the
minute his back turned. Nagi gripped her sword hilt.

    “Kou?”

    “Hm?”

    “Nevermind. I'll see you around sometime then. Bye.”

        "Take care and be careful."

        "I will. Bye, Kou."

    Nagi grinned and so did Kou as he ran off back to the bar called FATE
through the forest. Her grin faded as her mind once again flew back to the
sexy pirate. <Let’s go see how she’s doing...>

MASAKI PLACE...

    Ryoko lie in her bed half asleep as a bright star flew by her window.
She yawned, but fell quickly back to sleep. Nagi’s ship landed as silently
as possible not to stir the Masaki Household. She crept slowly out, then,
literally flew across the forest grounds. She stopped on a dime right
beneath Ryoko’s bedroom window.

    Nagi gave her surroundings a quick survey before she resumed climbing
up.*How romantic!* Pushing open the sliding door quietly, she slid in like a
shadow. Nagi
eased her way to the bedside of Ryoko, slowly watching her sleep on her
side. She ran a gentle hand down the side of her face. The chill of Nagi’s
cold hand woke Ryoko.

    Ryoko sat up and was about to scream, but was stopped by a hand covering
her mouth. Ryoko felt for a split second the hand being moved, but felt it
return almost as quick as it left. Ryoko knew the stranger was behind her,
keeping her a hush. The strangers free hand went up to cover Ryoko’s nude
breast.

    Ryoko struggled to get the hand free from her mouth but was no match for
this stranger. Nagi slowly lowered her lips to Ryoko’s ear while kneading
Ryoko’s breast*It's not dough!*, softly pinching her nipples carefully,
remembering Ryoko‘s
plea not to do it so hard. Ryoko couldn’t help but emitting a moan or two.

    “Why so stiff? Don’t you want me?”

    Ryoko gasped as the hand slid slowly off Ryoko’s mouth to join the other
hand in pleasing her breast. Ryoko laid her head back, gripping the sheets
hard, trying to keep her mouth shut not to let the others know what was
going on in her room. Ryoko just started breathing hard, really hard. Nagi
smiled in the darkness as she sat behind her pirate, slowly massaging her
breasts, nipping at her neck.

    Nagi slid her hand from Ryoko’s breasts down to give her clit some
attention. Ryoko’s back arched away from Nagi’s stomach, grabbing the back
of Nagi’s head as she breathed out her name in ecstasy. Nagi worked harder
as she continued to please her pirate*That annoying reference..*. She
nibbled on Ryoko’s neck, slid her
fingers in and about her clit, kneaded her breast with utmost
profession.*What proffesion? A whore?*

    Ryoko held Nagi’s hand in place, moaning her not to stop teasing her
throbbing clit. Nagi just smiled, fulfilling her fantasy. Ryoko started to
sweat down to her chest and thighs. Nagi wasn’t even trying hard, but smiled
knowing that Ryoko was feeling it. Down the hall, Tenchi was awake and
walked about, thinking about Ryoko’s words.

    “No, I don’t forgive you, Tenchi...”

    He sighed, walking up to her bedroom door*This'll be funny*. Tenchi
raised his fist. <Naw,
maybe she’s asleep...> He lowered his fist, but then raised it again.
<Knowing Ryoko, maybe she isn’t...*She was*> He knocked on her door.

    “Ah! Huh?”

    Ryoko froze along with Nagi. They had work fast. Nagi ran into the
closet while Ryoko flung on the sheet. Ryoko walked over to the door, took a
deep breath and opened the door. She gasped seeing Tenchi there clad in
boxers. Ryoko jumped as Tenchi touched her face. Ryoko felt her a tingling
sensation all throughout her body. Her mind went blank.

    “T-Tenchi...”

    “Shhh...”

    Nagi was busy trying to free her sword hilt from Ryoko’s fishnet outfit.
<Damn fishnet crap!> Tenchi laid Ryoko onto her bed and slowly kissed her
neck. Ryoko wasn’t thinking, forgetting Nagi was in the closet. She tried
fighting him. Ryoko tried to tell Tenchi to stop, but her mouth opened and a
moan came in return. Tenchi slid his hands lower than Ryoko dreamed.

    Ryoko couldn't figure out why she couldn't move, why her arms felt like
noodles*Mmmmmm Noodle's...I bet I sound like Homer Simpson*. She tried
desperately to get Nagi's attention, but all her
responses were moans. Finally finding her voice, panting to get her voice
out, she managed to sputter a few words. Nagi, finally having to tear up
Ryoko’s expensive outfit into shreds to free her hilt, heard Ryoko's soft
cries.

    “T-Tenchi.... no... I-I can’t...”

    “Why? Don’t you like this?”

    “You... know I love.... someone else...”

    “But for now... you’re mine...”

    Ryoko saw a flash of red from within the closet, for she remembers who
was in it. She gasped. Nagi emerged from the obscurity of the closet. A dark
shadow loomed over the two of them. Ryoko felt her tears come alive as she
tried to explain, stuttering and sobbing loudly.

    “N-Nagi... I-I tried to t-tell him...”

    Tenchi looked up to find a dark force glaring at him with eyes you could
see in the darkest caves. Tenchi got off Ryoko and stood to meet Nagi’s
glare. Ryoko started crying louder, grabbing the sheets to cover herself in
the darkness as the Tenchi Household began to hear the sobbing.

    Tenchi’s breathing became harder, seeing this bounty again made his
heart sink, knowing that this was the foul creature who stole Ryoko away
from him. He balled his fists and ground his teeth. Ayeka, Washu and Sasami
all burst in the door, clicking on the light to reveal the three people
within it.

    The first thing they saw was Ryoko crying on the bed, next was Tenchi,
who’s face was really red, and then Nagi, who stood ready to battle, glaring
down an inconsiderate Tenchi, hand on her hilt. As Nagi looked down, she
saw Ryoko in tears, sobbing her heart out merely trying to explain between
gasps and sobs. Nagi has*haD* never seen Ryoko this way. But once Ryoko's
wet
hazel *Again with the colour blindnbess!*eyes met her stern crimson eyes,
even Nagi felt like she could cry
seeing Ryoko like this.

    Nagi’s eyes softened as she knelt, drawing Ryoko into her arms. Ryoko
held onto her like a frightened child lost in a world of uncontrollable
feelings. Nagi tightened her embrace around the pirate, hushing her, kissing
her forehead soothingly. Ryoko sniffled, sitting up to hold Nagi closer to
her.

    Washu looked at Tenchi then at her daughter. She realized that Ryoko
really did trust Nagi. Ayeka and Sasami started crying as Mihoshi came out
of no where and held them, crying too, saying "That's so sweet!" over and
over between sobs*Trust Mihoshi!*. Tenchi’s fists loosened, sighing. Tenchi
gazed long and
hard at Nagi's form holding Ryoko before coming to one conclusion... He
huffed loudly, clearing his throat. Nagi looked up with cold eyes.

    “We will settle this in an honorable way, Nagi.” *Discuss it over a nice
cup of tea!*

    “Hmph. In what way would that be?”

    “A duel. We shall see who wins Ryoko’s heart this time.”

    “Fine. We fight to the death.”

    “Agreed.”

    Ryoko gasped as fresh tears found their exit. Nagi released Ryoko to
stand, facing Tenchi. She saw Nagi shake hands with Tenchi grinning all the
while as Tenchi grinned back with extreme confidence. Tenchi round up the
gang at the door and left. Ryoko stood up and turned Nagi around to face her
as the door shut with a slam.

    “What are doing!? You know Tenchi has the power of Jurai on his side! He
can kill you easily! And... and I.... can’t bear to lose you... I... I love
you Nagi...”*If Tenchi wins Ryouko'll hate him*

    Ryoko lowered her head as Nagi pulled her close, resting Ryoko’s head on
her shoulder. She stroked the pirates hair gently, closing her eyes. Finding
the will to say it, Nagi let loose the words she truly felt about the
pirate.

    “You are my everything, Ryoko. And don’t you forget it.”*Oh! Thats whats
with the title!*

    Ryoko looked up into Nagi’s soft crimson eyes. She shot a small ball of
energy at the light switch, sending the darkness free to loom over
them.*(Darkness) I'm Free! I'm Free!* Nagi smiled, leaning forward pressing
her lips against Ryoko’s. She
moaned, kissing back. Nagi lay her down, slowly peeling away the sheet that
was wrapped around Ryoko. She threw off her own attire rather quickly as she
began to massage Ryoko’s body with her own.*What happened to the fight? Or
is it a sex fight?*

    “Mmmm... Nagi....”

    Nagi pressed her breasts against Ryoko’s as her fingers were twisted
with Ryoko’s wet feminity. Ryoko began to thrust against Nagi’s probing
fingers, who were searching for an entry. Ryoko moaned and licked Nagi’s
neck, nibbling the flesh delicately. Nagi groaned, thrusting her fingers
deeper, kissing her neck. Nagi began moving her fingers in and out of
Ryoko's cunt with slow rythmic motions nearly sending Ryoko off the edge
with desire. *Why in't Tenchi commenting?*

    “AH! OhgodOhgodOhgod... Nagi... uhhh”

    Nagi slid lower, replacing her fingers with her tongue as she slowly
licked away at the juices that were now pouring from Ryoko. Ryoko panted,
sweating heavily, tangling her fingers into Nagi’s hair, burying the
bounty’s face deep into her crotch.

    Nagi significantly drank all of Ryoko’s juices that poured out once
more. Ryoko’s sweat stricken *Does that make sense?*back arched from the bed
in a howl of pleasure.
Nagi wiped the cum around her mouth with her tongue, licking it all off.
Ryoko pulled Nagi close into a kiss. She slid her tongue in Nagi's mouth
as Ryoko felt Nagi's hands wander back down, sliding back into her cunt.
Ryoko pulled Nagi's face from her own and stared into her eyes that shone in
the darkness.

    "Can't get enough of the stuff, huh? You want more ne?"

    "Yes. Surrender to me, Ryoko. For I have won and I deserve a prize."

    "Mmm, it's all you can eat...."

    Nagi smirked kissing Ryoko once more. Ryoko felt Nagi slither her way
down mouthing on everything in her path. Ryoko closed her eyes, moaning and
holding Nagi's head in place. Tenchi sat in front of her door, listening to
the love behind it*When did he leave?*. He knew this battle would settle
things once and for
all. And that Ryoko will soon be his... Or will she...*My point exactly.
She'll probably help Nagi.*

FIN

PART 1

-------------------------------------------

    MYOKO: Keep in mind this is _just_ part 1 of the battle soon to commence
between Nagi and Tenchi. Who will win Ryoko's heart? Tenchi or Nagi? But...
What about Kou!? He belongs to Nagi! What's gonna happen once Ryoko finds
out about Kou!? Or.... Kou finding out about Ryoko...? Man, I made Nagi
_real_ popular among the people. But, I think I made her what I thought was
never thought of before. And I hope you all are enjoying my fics so far.
E-Mail me if I should start part 2 of Chapter 4. If I get enough, I'll start
it ASAP. But for now, I gotta blaze.

=^.^= *===*Myo Myo
        "|
(DO U LIKE MY GUN?)

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Well all the extra characters belong to their owners (duh!)
O.K. Please do visit my web-site at www.geocities.com/ryouko_misaki
THANX FOR READING!!!!
P.S if you have any comments I would LOVE to here them! BYE FOR NOW!!!
xxx
