Ryoko meets Duck Dodgers


    It all started at the HQ, the hero of outer space has gotten a call from
the Galaxy Police Force. They said it was very urgent.

GPF: Dodgers! It's urgent, VERY URGENT!! Some space pirate known as Nagi has
landed on planet Earth ready to destroy Ryoko, who was supposed to be
brought
to jail, and also the ENTIRE PLANET!!!!

Dodgers: And you want me to stop her?

GPF: Can you do it?!

Dodgers: Absolutley. Because, NOBODY knows their way around Earth like "DUCK
DODGERS IN THE 24TH IN A 1/2 CENTURY"!!!!!!! In other words, I'm going down
to Earth and stop this Nagi person. Oh, uhhhhhh....what about Ryoko?

GPF: WE'LL handle Ryoko. YOU handle Nagi.

    So, Duck Dodgers took his spaceship down to Earth and crashed near a
shrine containing six women, a pussycat/bunnyrabbit-like creature, two men,
and a handsome young man.

Tenchi: DYYYYAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!!!! What the F was THAT?!

Sasami: It looks like a spaceship!

Ryo-oki: MeeeeeeeOOWWW!

Ayeka: Oh, dear! Get that thing out of the lake!

Mihoshi: Maybe it belongs to a galaxy police officer.

Kiyone: Noooooo, a spaceship owned by a galaxy police officer has a more
advanced design. It's obviously a SPACE PIRATE SHIP!!

Washu: You're BOTH wrong! I've seen that kind of ship before. It belongs to
one of the greatest space heroes of all time.

Ryoko: HA! Who does it belong to? Neil Armstrong?!

Dodgers: No! It belongs to me! DUCK DODGERS IN THE 24TH IN A 1/2
CENTURY!!!!!!

Tenchi: Duck Dodgers?!

Ryoko: Washu, you're telling me...that one of the world's GREATEST space
heroes....IS A DUCK?!?!?!?!

Washu: Ummm..yeah....I guess so.

Dodgers: Excuse me, guys. Do you................

Ryoko: You guys don't get it, do you?!  He's just here to give out cheesy
autographs and brag about his many victories against the most dangerous
space
villians.

Dodgers: I think I was more interested in whether or not you guys knew where
Nagi might be hiding.

Ryoko: NAGI?! That dirty b(bleep)ch?!?! I don't know where she's hiding, but
YOU'D BETTER DESTROY HER RIGHT NOW BEFORE I DESTROY YOU!!!!!!!

Dodgers: I can't do that unless I know where on this planet Nagi is.

Washu: Perhaps I could help you, Dodgers.

Dodgers: YOU might know where Nagi is? GREAT!

Tenchi: Oy yoy yoy.

Ryoko: Oh, Tenchi poo. Protect me from Nagi and tell that crazy duck to go
back in his spaceship and get lost.

Ayeka: RYOKO!!! TENCHI'S MY HUNK-O-MAN!!!!!!

Ryoko: There's something you should know. Ayeka's in kahoots with the duck.

Dodgers: WHAT?!

Ayeka: THAT'S NOT TRUE!!!!!!

Tenchi: RYOKO, STOP TELLING ME LIES!!! DUCK DODGERS IS ONLY HERE TO STOP
NAGI
FROM DESTROYING THE WORLD!!! HE'S A SPACE HERO, NOT A SPACE PSYCHO!!!!

Washu: Ah-HA!! Nagi's hiding in Tenchi's dad's bedroom getting ready to
sneak-attack us all!

Dodgers: A SNEAK-ATTACK?!?!?!

    Then, Nagi busts through the roof and onto the backporch.

Nagi: So, Ryoko. We meet again.

Ryoko: BRING IT ON, YOU BI..........

Dodgers: Step aside, Miss! Nagi's fight is with ME!!!

Nagi: Well, if it isn't Duck Dodgers.

Dodgers: In the friggin' feathery flesh!!

Ryo-oki: MEOWWW!!

Nagi: That little pest wants to fight along YOUR side?!

Dodgers: Is that true?

Ryo-oki (nods): Myow!

Ryoko: HEY, HE CAN'T DO THAT!!! RYO-OKI'S MY SPACESHIP!!!

Dodgers: Keep your pantyhose on, space pirate! After I'm done with Nagi, you
and I can go head-to-head!

Ryoko: FINE!!!!

    Nagi threw punches at Dodgers, but he kept avoiding every hit.

Tenchi: He's not getting hit even once.

Washu: I guess that's why they call him Duck "Dodge"rs.

Mihoshi: I don't get it.

Kiyone: You don't get ANYTHING!!

Sasami: How come Ryo-oki's not doing anything?

Ryoko: HA! Looks like Ryo-oki's only screwing with Duck Dodgers!

Ayeka: Ryoko, why can't you be more supportive?!

Dodgers: Okay, Ryo-oki! Uhhhhhhhhh...........? Hey, kid. What can this
creature do?

Sasami: It can become a big spaceship and become a giant fighting robot.

Dodgers: Y'mean like those Power Rangers' MegaZords?

Sasami: Uhhhhhhhhhh, something like that.

     Ryo-oki turned into a giant fighting robot, allowing Dodgers to control
it and crush Nagi. Then, Ryo-oki changed back.

Dodgers: See? No one messes with DUCK DODGERS IN TH...................

Ryoko: Okay, Dodgers. Now it's MY turn to thrash you!

    Dodgers quickly pulled out an Acme Distintigrating Pistol and
disintigrated Ryoko.

Dodgers: Well, my work here is done. Farewell.

    Dodgers handed Tenchi an Acme Intigrating Pistol to intigrate Ryoko and
took off.

Ryoko: ALRIGHT, WHERE'S THAT DUCK?!?!?!

Washu: He just left.

Tenchi: Looks like you and him will have to your score some other time.

Ryoko: BULLSH(bleep)T!!!!

    Will Duck Dodgers and Ryoko settle their score some time soon? Maybe.

                THE END
