	Read this frist!
	I was listening to classic `rock and roll' one night when somewhere
this song appear in my head and it had no relationship with any group's
music. 
	To make the song down below make some scene I gave it a small plot that
lines it up.
 	Say, that it is the last night on Earth for Kiyone. A few days ago she
has been ordered back to the Galaxy Police as a Lieutenant, and must
leave as soon as possible for Headquarters. She had a small relationship
with another policeman on Earth who belongs to the "white bikers" in
Tokyo (That is a group of  traffic police personal who ride motorcycles
on patrol, mostly in central Tokyo) on the side he belongs to a
rock-band.  They both met at a Kaoroke club in Tokyo when she and the
others from the Tenchi gang went to while on a trip. She told him that
she has to leave soon and he does know `something' about her. They both
take it pretty hard. So while she is out with her friends on the last
night, he sneaks into her apartment and leaves a `walkman' under her
pillow on her bed and leaves. 
	She eventuality's finds it with a tape inside it that says "PLAY ME!"
	She does. 
	A lone guitar softy begins to play. Give the sound of a `rock ballads'
to some chorus lines.*-



				KIYONE (Come again)

	"Kiyone as much as I have known you, you never told me that you were
`really' out of  this world!
	Kiyone? Why? Oh why, did you come into my simple world? When you know I
could never leave with you, girl!
	Kiyone, why don't just please tell me the truth about you... girl? 
	I know that you told me that you left home to see the `world', to right
the wrong to save the weak from the bad, but that blond hair and dark
skinned demon is attached to your back! I hear you cry and I can see
that you are sad, it hurts me so damn much that I can't help you carry
your pain that it is driving me insane! 
	But my love for you will never change, even when I see you fly off to
the heavens...once again. 
	Please come back, I want to hold you in my arms once again, for
because...you of all the women of this world, I can really say that you
are my dear friend. Even if you never come back again. 
	Please think of me, my dear friend.
	When I finally die and leave this world, go home to the stars, please
be there waiting for me and let our souls touch again, my dear friend.
	Kiyone, until then please take care!
	Kiyone, without you my life will be so bare! 
	Kiyone...
	Kiyone... 
	Kiyone!
	...take care!"
	Guitar slowly stops and the last cord fades away.
	
	Now I let "YOU" the reader decide what she does after this! 
****************************************************************************
      	Disclamer: The characters from the Tenchi Universe are
copyrighted by the Poineer and AIC company. All rights reserved.
	The song and the "white biker" character are copyrighted. All rights
reserved. 1999. C.D.Powers