A Tenchi Muyo Fan Fiction.
A Secret Confession.
By Peter Suzuki.

"Tenchi Muyo" is owned by Pioneer LDC, AIC, and a bunch of other people
I’m not associated with.  All rights reserved.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

        Why do I remain on this planet?  What is it that makes me want to stay
on here for all of the rest of my life?  How is it that I can seemingly
find more happiness here, than in all the rest of the universe?  When
did I decide that Earth was the one single planet that contained
something that I could never find anywhere else?  I’ll tell you why I
choose to remain on this planet.

Love.

I love the flowers, the blue sky, the calm peace of the land, the
wonderful peace and freedom of this strange, third rock from the sun.
Of course you realize that it also has to do with the love for someone
here.  What most people do not realize is that my love is not for one
person who I have grown attached to, but rather two people.

The first of my loves is not to hard to realize.  Tenchi.  He’s so
handsome, so brave, so kind. . .  The list goes on, and on.  It’s no
wonder that all of the other girls in the house also desire him.  He has
done special things for my life that even Washu could not quite
explain.  Everyone, in one way or another, knows that I love him.  What
they never realized is that I also love another, who also tries to
become Tenchi’s love interest.

Yes.  My second love is also the same gender as me.  Is it wrong to love
someone of your own gender?  Being a Jurian princess, these things,
these ‘Morals-of-society’ are kept secret from me.  I do not know if it
truly is a bad thing to think of another female like this.  I know that
I’m not the first, or only girl to ever feel this way.  Many of times
I’ve seen my mother and aunt Funaho amorous in bed, but whenever I tried
to bring the subject up with my mother, she would always find some way
of not explaining it.  I don’t even want to think of what would happen
if I asked my father.
And while some of my fear is about my passion for her, it is also about
exactly WHO she is.  I’m quite sure that even if the rest of Jurai were
to cope with the gender of her, they would never allow me to love her
because of who she is, was, and will always be.  How can I explain to my
friends, let alone my parents, that I have fallen in love with the space
pirate, Ryoko?

 When did I fall in love with the ‘scourge of Jurai’?  It was possibly
love at first sight.  When I first was shown her picture on a wanted
poster, my first thought was, "How could such a beautiful girl, be the
cause of my homeland’s suffering?"
She was beautiful.  In both body and mind.  It’s scary to think that I
would find someone who murdered countless people, and destroyed hundreds
of families, would end up loving that same woman for her personality.
She is more kind, sweet, and gentle than she ever lets on.  Even before
she merged with Zero, she was never evil.  More importantly than that,
she treats me like a person, rather than royalty.  Even Tenchi treats me
as some sort of fragile doll, at times.  Ryoko always treats everyone as
people.  Sometimes I will admit, she does act like she’s better than the
rest of us, but I think we all act that way at one time or another.  Her
faults do not matter to me.  They are a part of who she is, and I know
that all too well.

And because they are a part of her, I love them too.

I hear her right now.  She’s just outside trying to get Tenchi to kiss
her.  When will she realize that she can’t force him to love her?  She’s
almost as dense as some of the other girls in this house.  They all
think that Ryoko would try to rape Tenchi.  If all Ryoko wanted was to
have sex with Tenchi, then she could have easily forced him all of those
times that she waited by his bed, just to see him wake up.  She loves
him, and just wants to be loved by him.
It’s so easy for her.  Tenchi trusts me more than her because I’ve not
shown my full feelings for him.  That little shock I would have to ease
him into, and not scare him.  I can’t show my feelings for Ryoko because
I do not know for sure if I would be doing the right thing in showing my
love for this other female.  It will never be easy for me.

Am I jealous of the fact that Ryoko is always flirting with Tenchi?
Yes, but not for the reasons you may think.  I’m jealous that I can’t be
the one to also be included in her flirtations.  One of my most dearest
fantasies is me being tenderly hugged by both Tenchi AND Ryoko, at the
exact same time.  A blissful scene that I would cherish every minute of.

I know that it is just a dream, but I’m willing to wait until the day
that I can finally make it come true.  I can wait for Tenchi to love me
like I love him, and for the knowledge if loving Ryoko as well would be
a good choice. . .  Somehow, I don’t think that last one will matter to
me, even if it would be bad.  Until then I must keep quiet, and be there
for them when they need my love.

"Ryo-oh-ki chan," I say.  "Tell everyone that dinner is almost ready."

The humanoid cabbit, quite possibly my truest best friend, goes out to
inform everyone else in the house.  Even she doesn’t know how I feel for
Ryoko.  One day I’ll tell her, but not today.

I hear the sounds of my sister fighting with Ryoko.  Even though she is
really my older sister, I mean every word when I say that I really wish
she would just grow up.

THE END.

AUTHOR’S NOTES:

        Hark!  Be that the sound of intelligent readers falling over in
surprise at closely reading thine work, and unearthing the mystery of
who be it who speak in this story?
        Or have I mistaken said odd noise for the sound of the torches burning
with flames of death?  Flames that are intended to end my life of
telling twisted tales of the strange and wondrous life of Tenchi, and
those who doth love him?  Flames started by evil souls so bold as to try
and rob me of mine divine right to speakith my mind on the grounds of
what I choose to say?
        Keep thy fires of hate to thou selves, for the worst I shall
acknowledge you would be to write over my work with your opinions in
what be known as an MST.  But be forewarned, for thy words and rantings
shall not deter I from my quests of fantasy, but in truth inspire me to
try harder to look in the realm of dreams with mine own third eye.  So
be it.

Peter Suzuki.