I don't own these characters or profit from them.


Things Tenchi makes you wonder about

1.Where did that cat in the first episode go? Are one
or more of the girls like Alf and thus eat felines? And
if so what about Ryo-oki? Keep your eyes on Sasami,
the one who keeps trying to get Ryo-oki alone

2. How dumb can one person be? I don't mean Mihoshi. I
mean Aeka. When will she figure out she can't beat
Ryoko in a fight?

3. How does Noboyuki manage to pay for everything? Even
on an architects salary?

4. If Asuza and his brides haven't aged, why did Aeka
and Sasami have to be put into cryogenic suspention?

5. Why are we obsessing over this show so much that we
are reading/writing this and similar lists?

6. Aeka admitted to knowing the people from Earth don't
marry their relatives. So why is she still after Tenchi?

7. Why the hell won't they let Tenchi kiss Ryoko? Aeka
even gave up at the end of Tenchi Forever and he had
sex in that. Is one kiss too much to ask? You had to
waist it on Sakuya? If in the 3rd OAV he doesn't the
number of mailbombs sent will make the Unabomber
jealous

8. Who's bright idea was the incest anyway? Not just
Aeka, oh no they couldn't stop there. But Tsunami/
Sasami's kiss and Maykua's little trist? Then of course
there was the necrophilia with Haruna.

9. Are Mihoshi and Kiyone an item?

10. What else can Ryo-oki turn into?

11. Can you believe that enough of your life is so
focused on this one cartoon show that you are not only
reading this but have seriously considered not only
these questions, but what you would do if you should
happen to meet the characters? I somehow doubt any of
the girls (Note the hypocrasy here) would do more than
step on a guy like you or me. The worst part is that if
they did we'd die happy.


To comment on this list, email me at
clayton_n@hotmail.com
