                        Through the Eyes of a Pirate

                                 By: Kasumi

Author’s Notes: WARNING: This is a private conversation. Do not
read...unless you enjoy eavesdropping.

    "Ryoko! Ryoko, come here this instant!" An unhappy Ayeka called out.

    "Oh, no, not her again," Ryoko sighed but began walking towards the
voice. She found the princess at the front of the Masaki home and glared at
her angrily. "Yeah? What do you want, I’ve got stuff to do too, you know."

    "I want you to explain this!" Ayeka said as she pointed towards one of
the windows of the house. It was broken.

    "Oh, so now everything is my fault, huh?"

    "Everything was your fault from the beginning!" Ayeka screamed.

    "Hey now, that’s not true at all! When has something not been YOUR
fault? You’re not perfect!"

    "This isn’t about me, this is about what you did to that window!"

    "No, this has nothing to do with that window. But it has everything to
do with you." Ryoko replied and was gone in a moment.

    Ryoko reappeared sitting in a tree, and she began to ponder.

    *I didn’t do it. It’s not fair. It seems like everything I do isn’t good
enough for her. She’s so...I don’t know.*

    *Yeah, you know all right.*

    *What?*

    *You know what she is. She’s a princess.*

    *That’s not what I mean.*

    *Than what do you mean?*

    *I mean...she’s so...stuck up.*

    *Tis true. But she can be very thoughtful and helpful sometimes.*

    *Oh really? I hadn’t noticed.*

    *Don’t be sarcastic with me, Ryoko. I’m you.*

    *I know you’re me! You think I’m stupid or something?*

    *If I thought you were stupid, than I would be calling myself stupid.*

    *Whatever.*

    *But you really need to resolve these negative feelings. Tell me some
things that annoy you about Ayeka.*

    *Why should I?*

    *Because you need to.*

    *Okay, okay, I’ll do it. But I don’t want to. I know where this is
going.*

    *Do you? Go ahead.*

    *Okay, I really hate the way she always has her hair perfectly done and
all that girly stuff.*

    *I don’t blame you.*

    *And I also hate it when she bosses me around.*

    *No one enjoys that.*

    *And I really dislike how she always says things matter-of-factly. It
gets on my nerves.*

    *Great! Now that we’re done with that, what do you like about her?*

    *Oh boy. This isn’t gonna be pretty.*

    *Come on. It’s not like anyone’s listening to you.*

    *What about Washu? She could be listening in on this.*

    *Oh, quit making excuses. Do it.*

    *Fine. Be that way. But I did warn you.*

    *Whatever.*

    *Well...I like the way she does...I can’t think of anything! I’m not
doing this.*

    *Ryoko...if you don’t do it, you’ll hate her forever when you could be
friends. Which do you like better, friendship or malice?*

    *All right, all right. Well, I guess I like how she is...well,
lady-like. Elegant. But sometimes it gets on my nerves.*

    *Now, now, Ryoko, focus on positive things.*

    *Don’t push it.*

    *Sorry. I couldn’t help myself.*

    *Moving right along...I kinda like how she’s always nice to her sister.
I mean, it’s hard not to be nice to someone like Sasami, but still. She
seems so proud of her.*

    *Good, good.*

    *And...well...*

    *And...well...what?*

    *Uh, I-I guess I like...how she...how she...*

    *How she...how she...*

    *Shut up.*

    *Sorry.*

    *Um, how she always seems to care about everyone.*

    *She does?*

    *In a way.*

    *Oh. Well, do you feel better now?*

    *Kinda...yeah! All I had to do was dump those emotions, and viola! No
more hard feelings.*

    *Duh. That’s what I’ve been trying to tell you.*

    *Shut up.*

    *Sorry.*

Author’s Notes: This is a really short fic both Ryoko and Ayeka lovers
should read. This is how I personally view Ryoko, and I’m confident in
saying I can see through her mask of being this rough, tough Space Pirate,
while what she is inside is very different. E-Mail me with your either good
or bad comments at: kasumimist14@hotmail.com
