                       Through the Eyes of a Princess

                                 By: Kasumi

Author’s Notes: WARNING: This is a private conversation. Do not
read...unless you enjoy eavesdropping.

    *Why does she constantly torment me?* Ayeka thought as she leaned
against a tree in the forest. *I just don’t understand her.* The wind
whipped her long, purple hair and she looked up in the sky and sighed. *She
annoys me horribly, and I suppose she enjoys it. I guess I have some faults
too.* Ayeka laughed suddenly. *I do have quite a temper,* she closed her
eyes and breathed the air in deeply, *but she doesn’t have to be so
stubborn, either. She acts just like a brutish man.*

    Leaves fell all around her as she sat down on the soft earth. *And yet,
when we faught Kagato, she saved my life. She never did something like that
before. But still, she acted positively ill-mannered beforehand. I remember
when she let loose that demon-thing and told it to attack me, and it chased
us all over that elderly woman’s house. Then she told Tenchi to kill it. She
just shoved Tenchi out there as if she hadn’t a care in the world. Poor
Tenchi, though strong he is, was no match for that thing. Fortunately,
Mihoshi and her ship appeared at that moment and the monster was sucked into
the black hole. Ryoko actually had enough sense to try and save Tenchi from
being sucked in too, but as usual, she failed. It was a good thing that the
black hole disappeared before Tenchi and Mihoshi were consumed as well.
After that I considered Ryoko a selfish pig, useless and too arrogant for
her own good.* Ayeka suddenly heard a voice inside her speak.

    *That’s not how you really feel,* it said.

    *Yes it is, Ryoko is the most digusting creature I’ve ever seen!* Ayeka
responded. *You’re fooling yourself. You’ve always admired Ryoko for her
care-free ways, but you’ve also disliked her for the same reasons.*

    *Well, I-I suppose that’s true, but I dislike her much more than I ever
liked her. I refuse to enjoy her company. She’s rude, and conceited,
and...and...*

    *And what?*

    *And lazy. Absolutely lazy. You should see her. All day, it’s eat,
sleep-*

    *But I do see her. I’m you.*

    *You’re not me. I can’t ask have a conversation with myself.*

    *Yes, you can. Everyone can. This is just the first time you’ve been
honest with yourself. Think about it. Who would I be if I wasn’t you?*

    *Shut up, shut up! I don’t want to listen anymore!*

    *Oh, you don’t want to listen to yourself? You just want to live a lie?
Just like you have all your life?*

    *What? I haven’t been living a lie!*

    *There you go again. Lies. All of them. If you can’t be honest with
yourself, who can you be honest with?*

    *I...*

    *Be yourself. That’s all you can be.*

    *But I don’t want to be myself! The real me is so vulnerable and weak.*

    *Only because you let her be. She can become strong again. Trust
yourself.*

    *I...don’t know how...*

    *Yes, you do. First, tell me what you dislike about Ryoko.*

    *All right. This’ll be fun.*

    *Go ahead.*

    *I hate the way she dresses. It’s so immoral and trashy.*

    *Go on.*

    *I also hate the way she’s always so rude and self-centered. And she
never seems to have clean hair. It disgusts me.*

    *What else?*

    *She never acts like a woman. She sits like a man, eats like a man, and
even talks like a man sometimes!*

    *Good. Now, tell me all the things you like about Ryoko.*

    *That’s going to be a short list.*

    *Just do it.*

    *(Sigh.) Okay. I like the way she’s always so honest. Well, at least
some of the time.*

    *That’s a start. What else?*

    *Well, I also noticed that she really cares about everybody.
Unconditionally.*

    *Uh-huh? And?*

    *I can’t think of anything else! What do you want me to do?*

    *You have another thing. I know you do. Tell me.*

    *What other thing?*

    *You know what I’m talking about. Don’t tell me you don’t.*

    *All right, all right. I’ve always liked how she...will silently go
through emotional pain. There. I said it.*

    *Why do you like that?*

    *I don’t know...no more questions, please.*

    *No. You still have some unresolved feelings. We’ve gotten rid of your
anger. Now tell me how you feel inside.*

    *But you already know how I feel inside! You’re me!*

    *Yes, that’s true, but you have to tell yourself what you’re feeling
before you can openly show it to the people around you.*

    *Well, than if that’s the way it is...than I guess I like that about her
because it’s...well...*

    *It’s what?*

    *I’ve always considered it very noble.*

    *Ah, yes, we’ve gotten somewhere.*

    *What do you mean?*

    *Well, that’s the first step in forgiveness and change.*

    *What? But I -*

    "Ayeka! Supper’s ready!" Sasami’s cheerful voice called out.

    "I’m coming!" Ayeka answered.

    *Well, I have to go.*

    *No, you don’t have to go. I’m you, remember?*

    *Oh yeah, I forgot.*

Author’s Notes: In my personal opinion, every fan, either Ayeka fan or Ryoko
fan, should read this really short fic. It could be helpful in each other’s
views of the opposing character. I’m a Ryoko fan, but I also try to look at
things through Ayeka’s eyes. So if you have any comments, either good or
bad, E-Mail me at: kasumimist14@hotmail.com
