Tsunami:  Busting Out
by
W*ING Higley


Deep in the nether regions of the dimension where the spirits of the trees of 
Jurai reside, a teal-haired goddess sighed in sadness.  

The time is near.  Tokimi and her servant, D3, will soon attack Earth, and 
Tenchi.  I had hoped their attack would not come until Sasami and I had 
assimilated naturally, years from now.  But now............now I have no choice.  
The assimilation must be rushed.  

And what of Washu?  I must shield my sister from what will happen.  She loves 
that poor girl so much, she would surely try and stop me if she knew how the 
assimilation would occur.

And Sasami?  Oh, I am so sorry.  I did not mean to steal your childhood from 
you, sweet girl, but now I have no choice.  As if I ever had a choice to begin 
with............

********************************************************

"Is everything okay, Sasami?"  

"Yes, sister, I'm fine."  Ayeka was shocked by the somber look on her sister's 
face.  She's usually so bright and happy.  She's been crying.

Sasami simply returned to making breakfast.  The night before, Tsunami had come 
to her in a dream and revealed all.  She was the real Sasami.  Her heart had 
soared at this news.  But her joy was brief.  Tsunami had then revealed the 
truth of Washu, she was not simply a mad scientist, but a goddess like Tsunami.  
Then had come the revelation that a third goddess, named Tokimi, existed, and 
the she was hell bent on ruling the dimension where Earth resided.  And then, 
the final heart breaking revelation, that Tsunami would, on this day, assimilate 
with Sasami, joining the two together as one entity.

Suddenly, Sasami felt a ripping sensation inside of her.  Sasami clutched at her 
chest and collapsed to the ground.  Tenchi rose from the table first.

"Sasami!!!"

"Sister!!!"

Surprisingly, Ryoko was the first by her side.  "Just hang on, everything's 
gonna be okay."  

"No.....it....it.....won't."  Sasami began convulsing.  She turned to Tenchi.

"It is time...........time...for me ...........to....join w-with Tsunami...."

"What???  Where's Washu and Grandpa?  They can help you."

Sasami smiled through clutched teeth.  "I...I'm sorry, but...Tsu-Tsunami has 
shielded them from what....what is happening...."

Suddenly, a giant bulge began appearing in the middle of Sasami's chest.  The 
bulge rose and fall, while all around her stared in fascinated horror.  Sasami 
took Tenchi's hand.

"I...I love you....Tenchi....take care of....my sis..."  

Suddenly, Sasami's chest burst open, splattering blood over Tenchi, Ryoko and 
Ayeka.

"SISTER!!!!!!!!!!"

To the horror of everyone, a miniature version of Tsunami burst through the hole 
in Sasami's chest....................


********************************************************

Author's Note:  Surprisingly, the idea for this dark fic originally came from 
Aikan Muyo author Happosai, who, in an interview with Kthardin, made the comment 
that "at worst, Tsunami is a chest buster from the movie Alien."  Or something 
like that.  At any rate, C&C can be sent to cactusnick@yahoo.com.  Gee, I wonder 
if this'll get a M.I.S.A. award? 
