Who could love a space pirate?


	I often come here to think. I love Tenchi very much, and I'm sure you know 
that, Funaho. [threads of multicolored light shot from the leaves of the 
Royal Tree] Is it possible that Tenchi does not love me back? [one thread of 
light shoots out] I see. But who could love a space pirate? Who could love 
someone so evil and vicious? [five threads of light, leaves shaking and 
swishing] You think I'm not evil? I hope I'm not. You know, it hurts when 
the princess Ayeka calls me a monster, or a demon woman. She doesn't know 
what I went through, and she may never understand. She's never been tortured 
by Kagato, she's never teased cruelly and called a demon woman. [seven 
threads of light]

	I see you understand my feelings. Who could love a monster? My mother, 
Washu, I know she's the great genius and all, but she never once told me 
that she loved me, like a proper mother. [two threads of light] I'm wrong, 
Funaho? How so? Nobody knows how much I love, how much I feel. Tenchi will 
not love someone so heartless.

	(You are not heartless.) How? Yosho, tell me how. (You feel. You love. How 
can you say you are heartless?) But I am the space pirate. The dreaded, 
evil, powerful one. (You have changed, Ryoko. You're not what Kagato made 
you anymore.) Thank you. You and Funaho understand. But Tenchi doesn't know 
my past. He doesn't know what I went through. (Tell him. Tell him your 
story. He will listen. Show your love for him.) He won't return my love. I'm 
afraid of that. (He loves you very much. Tell him how you feel.) I am a 
space pirate. (Don't act as if he is a prize. Talk to him as a friend, not 
an object to be won.)
Ayeka is a more worthy partner for Tenchi. (Tenchi will never break your 
heart that way. He is very kind. He loves you all.)

	Who could love a space pirate? I am ugly. (You are very pretty, Ryoko.) My 
hair is spiky, and I have yellow cat eyes. Ayeka has smooth skin, her hair 
is silky, and she is a proper woman. (Looks aren't everything, Ryoko.) How 
can you be sure? (Because I love you, too, Ryoko.) How? You fought a 
life-or-death battle with me, and we're both still alive. Don't you have a 
grudge? (That was 700 years ago. It has passed.)

	Love is difficult. (Love is what holds people together.) I'm just in the 
way of things. (You are not. You are very important to all of us.) I am not. 
(I cannot make you believe, but I'll be in my office is still wish to talk 
to me. See you later.)

	Who could love one like me? [six threads of light] Tenchi? He does not. 
He's always mad at me. Look, out in the fields, he's angry right now. [one 
thread of light] He is not?

	(Ryoko, what is on your mind today?) Washu, get out of my head. I mean it. 
(Why, Ryoko? Are you afraid that I'll find your most dear secrets?) Yes. 
(Your secrets aren't bad.) Get out! (I love you very much, Ryoko. Don't 
leave.) Why not? (You'll break Tenchi's heart.) No I won't. He'll be much 
happier. (My experiments probe his mind. He loves all of you guys.) No. He 
won't care...about me, I mean.

	(You'll break my heart, too, you know.) No, I won't break anyone's heart. 
You're just saying that to make me feel better. (You will. I DO love you. I 
don't want you to be evil on your own will, Ryoko.) I will not be evil. 
(Let's try a different approach. Ayeka will be left with Tenchi.) I don't 
care. (Tenchi will follow you.) He won't. (I ask him questions like that. He 
always answers the same way. He always says he'll go and bring you back.) 
Will he really? (Yes.) I don't know...

	(Ryoko! He loves you. What part of it don't you understand?) I guess...I 
will not leave. (Thanks, Ryoko.) Thank you, Washu.


Disclaimer (I hate disclaimers...a waste of memory, if you ask me): 
Anyways...I know that these characters belong to Pioneer and AIC, not me, 
not me...

If you want to comment on this, go ahead. I did this during math and English 
class, so if something's wrong with it, don't hesitate to tell me. Ha ha ha! 
Always remember, meow and moo!

