                           "How to Write Better SI"

Disclaimer:     Tenchi Muyo,belongs to Pioneer LDC, and AIC.  All rights
reserved.  James P. Zale        is property of the Great Atlantic and
Pacific Tea
Company.

$.$ $.$ $.$ $.$ $.$ $.$ $.$ $.$ $.$ $.$ $.$ $.$ $.$ $.$ $.$ $.$ $.$ $.$ $.$
$.$ $.$ $.$

        Hello, Having seen some of the poor exuses for fanfics done under
the guise
of "self" insertion, I decided that the best way to change what's gone wrong
is to help those who would write SI's of thier own.  And the only way I can
think to do that is to build one with you.
        First off I strongly suggest you read the Fic "Culture Shock", by
Guitaro
the Metalhead (that might be spelled wrong).  The Best SI I've ever read, it
breaks off from most of the anoying tendancies that most SI's follow.

^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^
Step one.  Good points.

        Though most people don't forget to give thier SI's good points.  I'm
not so
sure they're the author's good points.
        So what you should do at this point is just a little quiet self
reflection.
        What is it that makes people like me?
        >I'm Funny
        >I'm some what intelegent.
        >I'm usualy a pretty peaceful guy.
        These are some (if not all) of MY good points.  If your going to
write a
"Self Insertion", then I stongly suggest that you start with yourself.
There is probably nobody in this world you could write better than yourself.

^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^
Step two.  Bad points.

        I've read a few (and written one) SI's where the SIed character(s)
can do
any good and no wrong.  Having lived in this world for Twenty-one years
without becoming a millionare I get the feeling that this MAY not be true.
        Whether we like to admit it or not we all have bad points.  Might as
well
just embrace them, right?
        >(and this is my favorite) I shouldn't be aloud to dress my self
some days.
        >I'm easily drawn into arguments.
        >I'm not especialy good looking.
        >I sing okay for me, but it pisses of the neighbors.
        Yeah, I got a favorite personality flaw.  Once again, these are
mine, get
your own.  These are actualy more important to the story than your good
points.  Most of the drama is probably going to come from the people that
don't like you.

^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^
Step three.  Powers.

Goose:  I want to be super strong. . .
Geani:  Okay.
Goose:  And invincible. . .
Geani:  Got it.
Goose:  And I want to fly!
Geani:  Done!
        <POOF!>  and after the smoke clears the Goose is turned into Rouge
(of
X-Men).

        For this part of your SI experience I highly suggest you rent the
movie
'Bedazzeled'.  Then you see that these things have thier good and bad points
too.
        Take Rouge for example.  She's supper strong, almost indestructable,
she
can fly.  But for all that she can't touch anyone with out the danger of
killing them, or with out having them stuck in her head.
        Now there have been cases where powers came with out trade-offs.
Take
Superman, super strong, flys, indestrucable.  And The only trade-off was all
the personality he'd ever have.
        Personaly, I prefer the drama of the trade-offs.
        Also, powers are not nesesarily tied in to personality.  Gambit.
He's a
really smooth character, charming, a thief, the kind of personality that I'd
have guessed as a telepath.  He blows stuff up.
        The powers your character has may or may not have tie ins to the
personality depending on how long they have had them.
        Take Ryouko for instance.  She's been a hard core ass kicker all her
life,
and if you're writing a Tenchi fanfic you know how she is.
        When you create your character(s) you must concider what the powers
are,
what thier trade-offs are, how long they've had them, and how they effect
the personality.  This will help in adding drama.

^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^
Part four.  Existing characters.

        There is a reason these are called TENCHI fanfics.  We really should
concider the existing Tenchi characters.
        As with your own character, you should also concidrer the good AND
bad
points of them as well.
        Ryouko is tough as all get on, but she's very impulsive.
        Mihoshi isn't the brghtest penny in the fountain, but she's
dedicated.
        Ayeka is polite and well mannered, but she's also an eletist bitch.
        Tenchi isn't a coward like many say, in fact he has a tendancy to
rush into
thing hot headed (for better understanding see the fic 'Same as it Ever Was.
. ' by Robert J. Cannard).
        Wasyuu is a genius, but I'm convinded she has ADD or some thing,
because
sometimes she invents things with seemingly no better reason than she's
bored.  Please explain to me why she really needed a mecca-Wasyuu in the
first place.
        Noboyuki is a bit perverted, but he's the one who lets the girls
stay in
HIS house.
        It goes on like this for everyone.  And when writing fanfics you
should
concider the good and bad in all characters (Kagato was an unsavory guy, But
he made Tenchi look like a hero).

^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^
Part Five.  Villians.

        This, you may need, seeing as how Tenchi Killed all of his.  Exept
Nagi and
Yugi, figures he'd let the girls go.
        With Villians you need to concider the same things as your powers
(what
they do and for how long)  as well as his (thier) personality and what makes
him (them) the Villian(s).  I've seen one Villian that didn't need a reason
to be bad, but since Shakespere wrote him, he could get away with it.
        Remember that your Villian(s) is a character to, and subject to all
the
rules also.
        Also, bear in mind the possibility that your villian(s) doesn't Have
to
hate your hero(s).  While you're at the video store pick up 'Heat' with
Robert DiNero ad Al Pacino.  They sit down and have coffee together.

^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^
Part six.  Plot holes.

        Believe it or not these come up quite ofen.  And as far as I've seen
there
are thre ways to deal with them.  One, Fill them in.  Two, ignore them.  Or
three, revel in thier glory!
        Reveling in the glory of plot holes.  Coming to a plot hole in your
story
and saying "Okay here's my plot hole, live with it or die with it!"  As far
as I know only one person has done this, and your looking at him.  This was
done for comedic value (cheap at twice the price) in a fic I called 'I Fell
Through A Plot Hole'.  This is a poor way to handle the situation.
        Ignoring the fact that abnormal things are happening at all.  This
is okay
if your writing Death Match fanfics.  As for the other 95% of fanfics this
leaves you looking foolish.
        So it looks like we'll be doing this the hard way, Filling them in.
But be
careful when doing this, this to can go wrong.  Remeber Wasyuu is supposed
to be a genius, so it isn't fair to blame her for everything.
        Some of the places you may run into plot holes are introducing your
character into the story, explaining thier powers, over coming the language
barrier (which they ignored in the show), introducing your villian(s), and
defeating your villian(s).  Basicaly throughout your whole story.  Your best
bet would be to have someone else read your story and tell you what parts
don't make sense.  Don't worry if not everything makes sense to everyone,
just make sure that your general idea is understood.

^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^
Part seven.  Resolution.

        Not just defeating the villian(s), but what happens after that.  But
since
these are Tenchi this isn't so important.  I guess if the girls can mill
about at infinitum, maybe you can to.  Just don't expect the rest of us to
read Six chapters of you sitting on your butt(s) chewing the fat with the
Ten-crew with out an end in sight.

        Well that's all the help I can think of. So get out there, research,
and
remeber that if your character is the be-all and end-all your probaly going
to piss of all of us normal people.  Until we meet again, SLIDE!

^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ ^_^
Authors notes:  Yes this was inspired by 'SI is bad Kiddies' (I don't know
who wrote it), but instead of just pointing out that there is a problem, I
wanted to help avoid them.
        Now comes the part of the Authors notes where you tell the reader
where
they can find you out here in web world.  In my case it would be the e-mail
address wildeyak2069@hotmail.com, or the web site
www.geocities.com/jakethegoose2069/Wildeyak_Tenchi_Fanart.  You can use your
own e-mail and web site, or you can use my website, just make sure you tell
people that it's MY website.
