Note:  Sailor Moon and all supporting characters from the show belong to Naoko 
Takeuchi and Kodansha.

 

     "At last, I've found you!  Dear Cousin, I curse the people who sent you 
here, to your grave!  Oh, If I'd only been there-"

     "If you'd been there, you'd only cause more trouble Obsidia!"

     "Kagato?  Where are you?  How can I hear you if you're dead?"

     "I am all around you Obsidia!  With all of your so-called wisdom I'm 
surprised you don't recognize a ghost."

     "A ghost?  And what do you mean by being all around me?"

     "I will explain later.  Now, you must use what's left of the Black Poison 
Crystal to give me a physical form."

     "Yes.  Of course"

***********************************************************

     Lady Obsidia held out a small shard of crystal above the wreckage.  In a 
few moments, a man appeared before her.  He was severely injured, but he seemed 
to be alive.

     "Finally!  I thank you, dear Lady Obsidia.  But what took you so long to 
find me?" Kagato's voice was soft.

     "There were these wretched little girls.  Little girls that killed every 
member of the Negamoon Family except me.  Little girls that destroyed
nearly all of the Black Poison Crystal!  They called themselves the Sailor 
Scouts," said Obsidia bitterly.

     "Little girls, Obsidia?  Are you going soft?" Kagato smiled.  "I always 
thought you were
the strongest of the Negamoon."

     "I am the strongest Kagato! And now that you're nothing but a ghost, I am 
stronger than you are.  Do not forget that Kagato!" she yelled.  Obsidia took 
her shard of crystal and aimed it at Kagato.  A thin black beam shot out of it 
straight at him.  Kagato let out a cry and crumpled.  Obsidia regretted what she 
had done immediately.  She sank down beside him in tears.

     "Oh my poor Kagato!  Who was cruel enough to deny you your throne and send 
you to oblivion?  If you were truly alive, you could have anything you wanted 
with my help," she sobbed.

     "It was the young prince of Jurai.  But he had help from other women.  I 
swear if I ever see that boy again I will kill him!" Kagato snarled.  Obsidia 
smiled through her tears.

     "A boy Kagato?  It seems we are both weaker than we thought," she laughed.

     "This is no laughing matter Obsidia!  I will have my revenge!" he yelled.  
Kagato got to his feet and Obsidia joined him.

     "And I will help you cousin!  I will take my revenge on the entire 
universe!  We may be weak by ourselves Kagato, but together we are unstoppable!" 
she cried.

     And so begins a story that will bring two unlikely teams together on the 
most difficult mission of their lives.
