Disclaimer: I do not own Outlaw Star or Any of the Tenchi's; they all 
belong to who ever they belong to.

This is a continuation of the last fic Part 1 – Gene's Nightmare

So here is "All Dreams Come True" Part 2 – Kagato who?

By Tausif "Shingami" Billah
**********************************************************************

On Earth all was peaceful in the small Masaki household. Actually I 
think I'll reconsider that last line.

Ayeka: You filthy space tram get your hands of lord Tenchi right this 
instant!

Ryoko: Why don't you make me princess prissy pants?

Ayeka: That's enough! Azaka, Kamadake Attack!

Both Guardians: Yes maim!

Ryoko: So you want to play dirty huh? Fine I'll play dirty.

>From the floor she summoned a huge white demon. 

Ryoko: Remember him Ayeka? This time I have control AHAHAHAHAHA!

Ryoko then showed Ayeka both gems on her wrists and the one on the back 
of her neck.

Ryoko: Demon, attack the princess and if those logs get in your ay 
smash them to.

The demon growled in what seemed like a yes and charged at Ayeka. Both 
Azaka and Kamadake activated their shields. However the Demon barged 
through them and bashed both guardians into the wall.

Ayeka: Azaka, Kamadake are you all right?

Both Guardians: We are having some technical difficulties.

Ryoko: Now it's time to… What was that noise?

Ayeka: I heard it to what is it?

Ryoko: I guess we'll finish this training session later.

Ayeka: Good Idea.

So Ryoko and Ayeka exited one of Washu's sub-space zones into Washu's 
Lab.

Ryoko: Hey Washu do you think you can put up the main security cameras 
outside on?

Washu gave them a glare.

Ryoko: Little Washu do you think you can put up the main outdoor 
surveillance cameras up on the screen?

Washu: Why Certainly!

On the screen it showed a red blur heading for the lake.

Ryoko: It's probably Yugami.

Ayeka: Let's go outside and she if there ok.

Ryoko: I'll bring the first aid kit.

When they got outside what they saw looked like Yugami but wasn't 
Yugami.

When the ship remerged out of the water the hatch opened and out came 
some weird people. There was a red-haired guy with scars all over him 
carrying a woman in a blue dress, a small kid with blonde hair, a woman 
in a kimono-like thing with an extra large bokken and there was a 
cat/human thing that Ryo-ohki probably would look like in her adult 
form.

Blonde-haired kid: See I told you Gene. We should have landed 2 
kilometers away from here but no you landed in the lake!

Red-haired guy: Sorry Jim.

Woman in blue dress: Uh… Gene?

She pointed directly at Ayeka and Ryoko.

Red-haired guy: Oh yeah. Hi.

Ryoko: Who the hell are you?

Ayeka: Ryoko! Show some manners! Hello I am Princess Ayeka Jurai, first 
princess of the Jurai family.

Ryoko: Whatever.

Blonde-haired kid: Wow I didn't know that the first princess of Jurai 
was living here too!

Woman with the big sword: Sorry for being so rude, I'm Twilight Suzuka, 
former infamous bounty hunter.

Cat/Human thing: I am Aisha Clanclan of the Ctarl Ctarl Empire.

Blonde-haired kid: I am James Hawking but you can call me Jim.

Woman in blue dress: I am Melfina Starwind…

Aisha, Jim and Suzuka: What!!!

Melfina: Gene just proposed to me two days ago.

Red-haired guy: And I'm Gene Starwind Captain of this ship the Outlaw 
Star. Also do you happen to know a space pirate Ryoko?

Ryoko: That's me and if you're trying to collect me for cash you got to 
go through me first!

Ryoko formed an orange orb in her hand.

Gene: Wait that looks like the exact same orb that the shadow figure 
hit me with in my dream. Did you ever happen to be a servant for 
someone?

Ryoko started crying and disappeared.

Ayeka: That is a bad question to ask her. Yes she once was a servant of 
Kagato an evil demon bent on stealing the Jurain Power.

Gene: That shadowy figure mentioned some thing about Melfina being his 
next servant.

Ayeka: You must be tired. Come back to the house and we'll get you some 
thing to eat while we wait for Tenchi to come back.

Jim: Tenchi? You mean the heir to the throne of Jurai?

Ayeka nodded.

Ayeka: We defeated Kagato before I don't how it's possible that he has 
come back.

Ayeka and the crew started walking back towards the house when Ayeka 
froze. She looked at Gene weirdly.

Gene: What!?

Ayeka: I sense a source of power in you. It seems to be Jurain power. 
Do you have any Jurain blood relations?

Gene: Well I know for sure my dad is from Heifong, but I never saw my 
mom ever. My late dad once told me that my mom came from a planet far 
away from Heifong. 

Ayeka: It might be possible that you are part Jurain, Jurains live for 
more than 700 years only not aging. I am 400.

Aisha, Jim and Suzuka: wha…wha…wha…

Gene: If I'm part Jurain that means my life span will equal Melfina's!

Melfina: Which means we'll both age spiritually but not physically!

Gene: Which means we can be together forever!

Everyone else started cheering.

Gene kissed Melfina but quickly broke it off.

Gene: Wait… what about this Kagato person. 

Ayeka: If your nightmare comes true Melfina will be under complete 
control by Kagato and you'll probably never be able to she her again. 
So we must prepare for Kagato!

Aisha: And we still have to go to the galactic leyline!

Gene: Shut up Aisha!

     END
***********************************************************************

So what do you think? About Gene being part Jurain, Kagato coming back. 
Yadda yadda ya. If you liked it, have suggestions or even hated it send 
your responses to Gokuu788@aol.com Cya!















  



 




