Disclaimer: I don't own any of these characters they whoever they 
belong to belong to, Please don't sue me because I don't got any money
 
This is my first fan fic so if you don't like it please tell me for 
ideas in the future. Also this fic takes place in-between Tenchi in 
Tokyo and right before the final episode of Outlaw Star. 

And so here is "All dreams come true" Part 1
  
 By: Tausif " Shingami" Billah Gokuu788@aol.com





It was a normal day at Starwind & Hawking Enterprises on Heifong. Jim 
was doing his weird computer stuff, Aisha was eating, Suzuka was 
drinking tea, Melfina was cooking lunch and our favorite hero Gene 
Starwind was taking a nap. All seemed peaceful at first but little did 
the crew of the Outlaw Star know that their captain Gene was having a 
horrible nightmare.

                                           Gene's Nightmare

***********************************************************************  

It was completely dark, but it was the kind of darkness that seemed 
normal. Although being pitch black there was somewhat of an evil 
presence lurking around. Gene was lying in his bed not being able to 
sleep when he heard a noise coming from down the hall. He crept out of 
his room after picking up his trusted caster gun loaded with a self 
damaging #4 caster shell loaded in to it (if you have seen Outlaw Star 
you'll know what I mean). As he walked down the corridor he heard the 
sound again and heard that it was coming from Melfina's room. He 
tiptoed down the hall to Melfina's room and open the door a crack and 
he saw Melfina sleeping like an angel. He walked over to the side of 
the bed and gently kissed her on the forehead and walked out of her 
room. But when he walked out he heard the noise again and looked back 
into her room and he saw a dark shadow lurking around the room. Gene 
hid behind the door but left it open enough so he could see and he 
heard this.

Mysterious Figure: Ah yes you shall do perfect for my next servant. 
Although you seem normal I sense a hidden power in you that of much 
stronger proportions then of that last servant Ryoko.

With that the figure took out a small glowing orb out of his pocket and 
placed it on Melfina's forehead. The orb almost instantly went into her 
head and her body was lifted up into the air. Melfina then awoke and 
noticed that she was flying then suddenly she started to be 
electrically shocked. In complete pain and agony she called out.

Melfina: Gene! Help me! Help me Gene!

Gene busted open the door and pulled out his caster. 

Gene: I don't think so!!!!!
With that Gene pulled the trigger on his caster and it was a direct 
hit. 

Mysterious Figure: Ah a caster! You got lucky this time but next time 
you won't be so fortunate!

The Mysterious Figure the formed an orange ball and shot it at Gene. 
The impact knocked Gene back into the wall.

Melfina: Gene noooooo! 
 
Gene: Melfina!!!!!!

Mysterious Figure: You'll never be able to save her Gene Starwind 
ahahahahahahahaha!

Then poof! Melfina and the Mysterious Figure disappeared and Gene was 
left clenching his chest.

Gene: Noooooo! Melfina!!!!!!!

                          End Nightmare
***********************************************************************

When Gene woke up he was sweating like a hog. As soon as he got up he 
darted around the place looking for Melfina. When he found her in the 
kitchen he literally bear-hugged her. 

Melfina: Gene I can't breathe! 

Gene: Mel, I thought I had lost you forever!

Melfina: I'm right here Gene.

Little did they know Jim, Aisha and Suzuka where watching every move 
Gene made. Jim broke the silence by saying.

Jim: Gene what's wrong with you!

Gene: I just had a horrible nightmare.

All except Gene: So tell us about it!

Gene: Ok it all started when…

After about half an hour Gene was finished.

Aisha: Wow… ZZZZZZZZZZZZ 

Suzuka: Well I was actually listening. I heard somewhere that sometimes 
nightmares that include death show a vision of the near future.

Jim: I heard that too and I thought it was all gibberish. Wait… you 
said something about the mysterious figure saying a name?

Gene: Yeah, he said something about a previous servant of his named 
Ryoko or something like that.
Jim: Wait I have heard of Ryoko she is that infamous space pirate 
hiding from the Galaxy Police. Last I heard see was living on earth in 
a small Japanese town, Okayama.

Melfina: Maybe if we talk to this Ryoko we can figure out about his 
mysterious figure.

Gene: Good Idea Mel. Everyone start packing we'll leave tomorrow for 
earth.

All: All right!

Later that evening Melfina was packing when Gene entered the room.

Gene: Melfina…

Melfina: Yes Gene?

Gene: I've got something to tell you.

Melfina: What is it?

Gene: I…I…I…I…love you Mel. I love you with all my heart. Ever since I 
met you I fell head over heals in love with you. Will you let me love 
you for the rest of our lives?

Melfina: Gene…I…I don't know what to sa…

Melfina was silenced by Gene kneeling down and pulling out a small red 
velvet box.

Gene: Thinking of losing you reminded me of how much I really loved 
you. So will you marry me?

Melfina stared to shed tears. While she was crying she clearly said.

Melfina: Gene [sob] I will!

Gene gently grabbed Melfina and pulled her close and kissed her 
passionately on the lips. This kiss lasted for 1 minute before Gene 
broke the kiss. 

Gene: Uh-oh.

Melfina: what is it?

Gene: What about Harry Mcdougal?

Melfina: I'll just shove this ring in his face!

Gene: That's the Mel I love!

          End
***********************************************************************

Well was it good? Bad? So-so? Please respond (even hate mail is fine) 
mail me at Gokuu788@aol.com. Hopefully Tenchi and the gang should be in 
the next chapter.




 









            
