All characters trademark and copyright 1999 AIC and Pioneer.


The Apprentice

by 

W*ING Higley

	"You're what?' screamed Tenchi.  
	"Leaving," was Ayeka's simple reply.  She tried desperately not to
convey any emotion, but the sorrow in her voice made her inner pain all
too clear.
	"Why.," Tenchi asked, still trying to digest the news.
	"For the last 700 years, my sister and I have neglected our duties as
members of the royal family of Jurai.  First it was searching for Yosho,
then staying here on Earth with you Tenchi.  Our father, Azuza, has
decided that time is now at an end.  As of today, Sasami and I are the
new Jurian ambassadors to the Republic Senate."
	"Republic Senate?  Ayeka, I thought Jurai ruled the entire galaxy."
	"That would be nice, wouldn't it Tenchi."  Ayeka smiled ironically.  "I
am afraid that on occasion our family, Sasami and I included, have had a
nasty habit of exaggerating the extent of our family's influence."
	"In reality, the House of Jurai controls most of the outer sections of
the galaxy, Sol System included.  But we do not rule over all of the
Milky Way.  There are many, many independent empires and self-governed
planets.  We just happen to be the most powerful empire in the Milky
Way, but we do not have final say over everything that happens in this
galaxy."
	"But why must you and Sasami become the new ambassadors?  Can't they
send someone else."
	"I'm afraid not.  It seems that a dispute over the succession to
Supreme Chancellor of the Republic Senate has erupted.  The former
Chancellor was forced to step down six weeks ago, and there are several
parties now vying for control.  In matters such as these, only members
of the Royal Family are fit to weigh in on who should be the next
Supreme Chancellor." 
	Tenchi looked at her with deep sorrow.  "Ayeka....I...." he couldn't
put what he wanted to say into words.  He still wasn't sure exactly how
he felt about Ayeka, whether he loved her or whether he loved Ryoko, but
he had come to depend on Ayeka to be the great calming force in his
life, able to give a sense of order from the chaos that had become
Tenchi's life.
	"Will.....will  you ever come back?" was what he finally managed to
spurt out.
	"I..don't think so, Tenchi."  Ayeka's face gained a bittersweet smile. 
"Father has made it clear this will be a somewhat permanent post for
Sasami and I.  Ever since my parents first visited this planet, I knew
that this was inevitable.  I simply didn't want to admit it.  I'm sorry
Tenchi.'
	'When do you have to go?"
	"Tonight.  A shuttlecraft will pick us up at 9:00 p.m. sharp."  She
smiled again.  "At least Ryoko won't be there to gloat."
	Tenchi nodded.  He, of all people, had been surprised when Ryoko had
asked to accompany Nobuyuki on his annual fishing trip by the seaside. 
They weren't due to return for another three days.  

************************************************************************

	That night, many a tear was shed as the Misaki "family" said goodbye to
Ayeka and Sasami.  Mihoshi had been worst of all, bawling her eyes out
until she finally excused herself, lamely saying she was due for
patrol.  
	Yosho wore his usual mask of indifference.  He looked solemnly at
Ayeka.  "You do me proud Ayeka.  I could never do what you do now.'
	"Thank you.."  Ayeka looked at Tenchi.  "Take care of him, brother.  He
is the last male of the royal bloodline, and it is important that the
House of Jurai continue."
	Yosho nodded solemnly.  "I understand.  And...I'm sorry.  If I had not
shunned my responsibility so many years ago, you may not now be put in
this position."
	Ayeka smiled and shook her head.  "Don't be sorry, Yosho.  If you
hadn't traveled to Earth, Tenchi would have never been born, and I would
have never been given the opportunity to meet him....." she turned to
Tenchi, "and fallen in love with him."  
	Tenchi simply stood there, stunned at this revelation.  He knew Ayeka
cared about him, but he always had thought that her declarations of love
had been bluster spurred on by her fights with Ryoko.  
	"Ayeka....I...I don't know what to say....I...."
	"Shh," Ayeka said, putting a finger to his lips to silence him.  "Don't
say anything, my Tenchi.  We were never meant to be, there were too many
forces working to keep us apart.  Goodbye, my love."  
	With that, she kissed him quickly, then teleported away.  Sasami simply
hugged Tenchi around the waist, then beamed herself too.  The
shuttlecraft hovered briefly, then shot skywards, taking Ayeka and
Sasami out of Tenchi's life, seemingly forever.

************************************************************************

	"Tenchi!  Look what I've got!" Ryoko shouted cheerfully as she and
Nobuyuki got out of the Misaki family van.  "I've got some nice blowfish
here!"  Her exuberance was short lived as she saw Tenchi sitting under
Funaho, a vacant and pained  look etched on his face.
	"Tenchi...?"
	"Don't bother him now, Ryoko," Washu said.
	"Mom, what's wrong with him?"  Ryoko was stunned.  She had never seen
Tenchi look this depressed before.
	Washu quickly explained the situation to her "daughter."  
	"I think it would be best if you stayed out of sight for a few more
days, my dear.  The last thing he needs right now if you hanging all
over him."
	"I...I...yeah, I guess you're right."  She was silent for a moment,
doing mental calculations in her head.  "That's alright, I needed to
take Ryo-ohki out of the Sol System for a few days anyways."
	Washu looked surprised.  "Oh, any reason why?"
	"I have to deliver something to an old friend of mine.  In fact, one of
the reasons I went with Nobuyuki was to get something he requested."
	"He?" Washu asked coyly.
	"Don't get any ideas mom," Ryoko said, rather annoyed.  "He's just a
friend I made after I left Earth to put myself back together after the
bonding with Zero.  He really helped me sort out my feelings and get my
head back on straight."
	Washu was silent for a moment.  After the battle with Dr. Clay, Ryoko
had taken Ryo-ohki to "find herself," as she put it.  The bonding with
Zero had turned her into a giddy school girl, and Ryoko became so
desperate that it necessitated a trip into space to finally return to
her old self.  Ryoko had never before spoken about what had happened
during her two month disappearance.
	"Well Ryoko, you be careful, and when you get back, don't be too
overbearing on Tenchi."

************************************************************************
Four days later:

	"Tenchi, are you okay?" Ryoko asked worriedly.  Since her return the
day before, Tenchi had avoided her.
	Tenchi looked at her for a long moment, as if mentally sizing her up
and making some decision.  "Yes, I think I am, Ryoko."
	"Do you need someone to talk to?  I know you're upset about Ayeka
leaving."  Tenchi was surprised by this statement.  He had figured that
Ryoko would be all over him, while at the same time disparaging Ayeka. 
Instead, she had left and given him room to think.  Think about his
future, and who he really cared about.
	"I'd like that Ryoko, but I'm not thinking about Ayeka.  At least, not
anymore."  Ryoko looked confused.
	"Ya know, it's funny Ryoko.  When I first met you, I really didn't
think much of your personality."
	Ryoko became embarrassed.  "Yeah, I guess chasing you around and
blowing up your school would do that."
	"Please listen to what I have to say.  That was then.  But now, now I
know Ryoko."
	Ryoko again looked confused.  Tenchi gently lifted her chin and looked
straight into her eyes, straight into her heart.
	"I love you Ryoko, you're one of the strongest women I've ever met.  I
really admire that about you.  You never gave up on me either, even when
I was "betrothed" by Grandpa.  You were always there for me, even as a
little kid when I would play by your cave.."
	Ryoko was stunned, she had no idea he knew about how she had watched
over him.
	Tenchi smiled.  "I've always known about that Ryoko.  I could always
feel your presence beside me when I was at the cave.  Always protecting
me, always loving me."
	"Tenchi.....I....I"
	"Ryoko....I love you."
	 "Tenchi!" Ryoko cried, tears flowing freely from her eyes.  Tenchi
took her by the shoulders and pulled her to him.  Then, all their world
consisted of was the kiss.

************************************************************************
Two weeks later:

	"......I now pronounce you man and wife."  
	The wedding was held under Funaho, with Yosho serving as minister,
Nobuyuki as best man, and Mishoshi doing double duty as bridesmaid and
ring bearer.  To most in Japan, getting married less than two weeks
after you had declared your love for each other might have seemed
insane, but to Tenchi, it made all the sense in the world when the
person you loved was a special someone like Ryoko.  
	The wedding reception was a small, private affair.  Only a dozen or so
guests had been invited.  Sadly, the joy of the day would not last.
	"Tenchi..." Ayeka looked as if she had been crying for days.
	"Miss Ayeka, what are you doing here?  What's wrong?" Tenchi was
shocked, Ryoko even more so.  They had been in the middle of cutting the
wedding cake when Ayeka had burst in.
	"Tenchi....my father......Emperor Azuza......is dead!"
	"What!??!!" For the first time in his life, Yosho lost his composure.  
	Ayeka looked at him sorrowfully.  "Father has been assassinated.  We
don't know how, but he collapsed at the dinner table and......and...."
Ayeka burst into tears again.  Tenchi rushed to comfort her.
	"Is there anything I.....we.....can for you?" Tenchi asked.
	"It is not I you should be worried about, Lord Tenchi." Ayeka looked
rueful.  "Do not forget so quickly that with father dead, you are the
new Emperor of Jurai."
	Tenchi suddenly became lightheaded, as the weight of the world came
crashing down on his shoulders.  "I....I'm the new emperor?"
	"Whether you want it or not.  You have no choice now, you are the last
male descendant of the House of Jurai."  Ayeka then looked at Ryoko, a
look of revulsion crossing her face.
	"And as for you, Ryoko....."
	"You mean......"
	"Yes, Ryoko.  That means that you are...."

************************************************************************

	"The new Empress of Jurai" Ryoko shouted triumphantly.  It was some 12
hours later, and Ryoko sat in the communications room of Ryo-ohki,
staring at the holo-viewer's image of a man clad a black cloak, his face
hidden.
	"Excellent work, my young apprentice.  All has gone as I have foreseen
it."
	"Thank you, Lord Sidious." Ryoko said to the Dark Lord of the Sith
whose holo-image was in front of her.	
	"You have done well, child.  Are you sure the new Emperor of Jurai will
do as you ask?' Darth Sidious asked.
	"Tenchi's so shalem up right now, he'll do anything I ask.  Once we
arrive on Jurai tomorrow and are officially installed as the new Emperor
and Empress, we shall travel to Coruscant and officially give our
support to you in your bid to become Supreme Chancellor, Senator
Palpatine."
	Darth Sidious smiled.  "Excellent.  With the support of the House of
Jurai, that fool Senator Organa will have no choice but to concede
defeat.  Finally, after 3 long months, I shall take my rightful place as
Supreme Chancellor.  You have done quite well, Ryoko.  That blowfish
poison was quite useful in dispatching Emperor Azuza.  To think, for all
their sophisticated technology, the Jurians have never been able to
detect something as simple as Earth blowfish poison."
	Ryoko smiled wickedly.  "I did what you asked.  And you lived up to
your part of the bargain, arranging for Ayeka to be called in as the new
ambassador.  Now Tenchi is mine, and mine alone."
	"And you will live up to your end, won't you?" asked Sidious.
	Ryoko nodded.  "Yes, I will become your new apprentice.  You won't need
anyone else after me, though.  I'll make that dead fool Maul look like
an amateur."
	"Don't get too cocky, Ryoko" Sidious replied, eyeing a holo-image of
young Anakin Skywalker.  "Remember, you too can be replaced.."


Author's Note:  Apologies to any OOC that occurred, but this is my first
Tenchi fic.  I admit, the ending seems way out of place, but the whole
point of this little fanfic was to be the first "Phantom Menace" related
fic.  Aide from the OOC, the biggest glaring inaccuracies with this
story were the fact that I ignored the "galaxy far, far way" part of
Star Wars and inserted the Galactic Republic into the Tenchiverse.  BTW,
this story takes place about 3 months after The Phantom Menace.  C&C can
be sent to cactusnick@yahoo.com  Thanks.

Darth Sidious, Darth Maul, Anakin Skywalker and Star Wars trademark and
copyright 1999 Lucasfilm, LTD.
