Okay, I know I didn't have a real intro last time.  So sue me!  AH!  
What am I saying?  Don't sue me.  In fact, I will say right now that I 
do not own Tenchi, Sailor Moon, Yu-Gi-Oh, Gundam Wing, Harry Potter, 
Lord of the Rings, Outlaw Star, or Spongebob Squarepants.  Nor do I 
have the money to buy them, or pay the legal fees to use them.  So, I 
repeat, DO NOT SUE ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
Thank you.
-The SoJ
***********************************************************
*everyone is still inside the black hole*

Amy:  Okay, Washu, and by the way, you're in check, if we're in a black 
hole, how come it's white, and not black?

Washu:  *moves chesspiece* Check.  It's quite simple really.  All the 
light pulled in by the black hole's gravitational pull ends up here, 
which I have discovered is the core of the black hole.

Amy:  Oh.  *moves chesspiece* Checkmate.
***********************************************************
Serena:  Look!  I found a Oujia board!

Aeka:  *who's done fighting with Ryoko* I found Tarot Cards!

Melfina:  A voodoo doll!

Nimrodel:  I found a um, who cares?  I say we create the sisterhood of 
witches!

All girls:  Yeah!

All guys:  What?

Eowyn:  You guys got a Fellowship of the Ring, why can't we have a 
Sisterhood of Witches?

Arwen:  And I wanted to be in the Fellowship!

Sasami:  So that means, no guys can be in the Sisterhood of Witches.

Nimrodel:  Well, Legolas can.

Legolas:  *sweatdrops* No thank you Nimrodel.

Nimrodel:  *squeals* Ooh!  I love it when you say my name!

Legolas:  *sweatdrops*

Hermione:  Well, I have to be in it, since I am a witch.  I say I get 
to be leader.

Nimrodel:  Hey!  I'm a sorceress, and it was my idea!

Hermione:  Then let's vote.  All who want Nimrodel to be leader, say 
aye.

Aeka, Serena, Raye, Lita, Setsuna, Suzuca, Aisha, Eowyn, and Arwen: 
Aye!

Hermione:  All that want me to be leader, say aye.

Ryoko, Mina, Haruka, Michiru, Hotaru, Melfina, Tea, Rini, and Sasami: 
Aye.

Nimrodel:  That's a tie!

Gene:  Forget the stupid Sisterhood of Witches! 

Quatre:  Um, has anyone seen Trowa?

Mina:  Uh-oh, which of the girls is missing?

Tea:  Washu and Amy

Yugi:  *gasps* Trowa wouldn't take two girls, would he?

Amy and Washu:  *enter*

Joey:  See?  They're right there.

Heero:  I say we go look for him.

Aragorn:  You can go look for him.  Maybe you'll find him making out 
with the werewolf.

Aisha:  Hey!  I am a Ctarl-Ctarl!  Not a werewolf.

Kaiba:  Why are they calling you a werewolf.  And how does Aragorn 
know?

Gene:  I told him about how she uses the moon to transform into a big 
tiger.

Kaiba:  *sighs* Oh, good.  I don't mind tigers.

All:  *sweatdrop*

Aisha:  You know, you really shouldn't prejudge people.  Just cause I 
can transform into a monster doesn't mean I'm bad person!

Kaiba:  *puts arm around Aisha* I know you're not.

Yugi:  *rolls eyes* Yeah.  You two lovebirds go make out.  We're gonna 
go find Trowa.

Spongebob:  *screams*  Noooooooooooo!  I'm sorry!  I'll never touch 
your sword again!  I promise.

Suzuca:  *chases Spongebob* You are going to die!

Spongebob:  *hides behind Aragorn*  Noooooooo!  Aragorn, don't let her 
get me!

Aragorn:  *sighs* Leave him alone Suzuca.  We've got other more 
important business.

Suzuca:  *glares* Fine.  But touch my sword again, and you will not 
live to see the light of day.

Nimrodel:  Everyone stop it!  Trowa is the only one who hasn't gotten 
on my nerves recently, so we're gonna go find him!  And that means 
everyone!

Legolas:  Did I get on your nerves?

Nimrodel:  *hugs Legolas* I meant, everyone apart from you, my dear 
elf.

Legolas:  *pulls away from Nimrodel* I'll track Trowa.
***********************************************************************
*
Raye:  My turn!  *spins bottle and lands on Tristan*

Tristan:  *smiles*

Raye:  *kisses Tristan* You have no idea how long I've wanted to do 
that.

Tristan:  *kisses Raye* Wanna do it again?

Raye:  Sure  *goes off with Tristan*

Serena:  Hey!  Come back! 

Raye:  *looks back* Why?  This game is stupid.

Duo:  Then lets play two minutes in the closet.

Tea:  There's no closet around here you idiot.

Boromir:  *pulls twenty two-by-fours out of nowhere* Here.  I'll make a 
wall and the couple can go behind that. *builds wall*

Mina:  That was handy.  Okay, lets pick numbers.  Guys first!

*Frodo gets one, Tristan gets two, Boromir gets three, Jim gets four, 
Duo gets five, Wufei gets six, Sam gets seven, Merry gets eight, and 
Pippin gets nine*

Mina:  I'm up first.  *pulls out a spinner with numbers 1-9 on it and 
spins a seven* Seven!

Sam:  *shyly* That's me.

Mina:  *grabs Sam's arm* Well come on!  What, are you hobbit guys 
afraid of girls or something?

Sam:  No, but-- *is grabbed by Mina and dragged behind wall*

*two minutes go by.  Sam and Mina come back.  Mina is cool, Sam is on 
Cloud 9*

Frodo:  Sam, I don't want to hear it, okay?  Just keep thinking of 
Rosie.

Sam:  Who?

Frodo:  *sweatdrops*

Mina:  Your turn Kiyone!  

Kiyone:  *spins a nine* Nine?

Pippin:  That's me!

Kiyone:  Uh, can I spin again?  Not that I don't like you Pippin, but I 
only go behind walls with guys who are at least as tall as me.

Pippin:  *gasps indignantly*

Kiyone:  Never mind.  Sorry Pippin! *leaves*

Mihoshi:  Can I go?

Mina:  Sure.  But wait, where's Tristan and Raye?  *looks behind wall 
to find Raye and Tristan making out*

Tea:  Tristan!  What the h*** are you doing?

Raye:  Oh, is he your boyfriend?  I'm sorry.  I didn't know.

Tea:  He's not my boyfriend.

Raye:  So I can have him?

Tea:  No!  *continues to argue with Raye*

Serena:  Hey!  I'm the only one allowed to fight with her!  *starts 
arguing too*

Mina and Lita:  *roll eyes*  

Duo:  Um, Mihoshi?  It was your turn.  *under breath* 
spinafivespinafivespinafive

Mihoshi:  *spins a six* Six

Wufei:  No way!  I'm not going behind a wall for two minutes with a 
weakling woman!

Lita, Mina, Tea, Serena, and Raye: Weakling 
women?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!  *attack Wufei*

Mihoshi:  Stop it!  Everybody stop fighting.  Wufei, you've got an 
attitude, but just keep your thoughts to yourself.  Ladies!  You're 
acting very childish.

Frodo:  *to Merry* I had no idea Mihoshi could talk like that*

Quatre:  *comes over* Stop playing around!  We have to find Trowa!

All:  *sigh* Alright
***********************************************************************
*
Tenchi:  Truth or dare Yugi?

Yugi:  Truth

Tenchi:  Did you like it when Rini kissed you?

Yugi:  What?  No!  What the h*** gave you that idea?

Rini:  He'd better have hated it.

Tenchi:  *smiles* Okay.  Sure Yugi. Whatever you say.

Yugi:  Yeah yeah.  My turn.  Tenchi!  Truth or dare?

Tenchi:  Truth

Yugi:  Do you have a crush on Melfina?

Tenchi:  Well duh.  Of course I do.

Mayuka:  *gasps* Daddy!

Tenchi:  So?  Ron, you can tell Harry likes Eowyn!  Why doesn't someone 
make a big deal out of that?

Ron:  Leave me out of this.  You and Yugi can fight it out yourselves.

Yugi:  Well, just so you know, Melfina is mine.

Tenchi:  What?  No way!  You can have Rini.

Yugi:  Who wants a little baka like that?

Rini:  I am not a baka!

*Yugi and Tenchi brawl*

Melfina:  Hey everyone, we're gonna go find Trowa.  Come on!

Yugi and Tenchi:  *stop fighting* Melfina!

Melfina:  Yes?

Nimrodel:  Stop fooling around!  Move it!
***********************************************************************
*
*all have been walking for hours and no sign of Trowa*

Nimrodel:  I know!  How about a song?  This old man, he played nine 
hundred and ninety-seven--

Suzuca:  Stop it!

Nimrodel:  Sorry.

Spongebob:  But I like that song!  *stumbles over dead body*

All:  *scream*

Wufei:  *jumps into Aisha's arms* It's Trowa!  He's dead!

Aisha:  *drops Wufei* Get off.  No kidding he's dead.  But how?

Legolas:  Look!  *pulls staple gun from Trowa's back*

Aragorn:  He was stabbed with a staple gun.  How sad.

All:  *cry*

Kiyone:  Uh, guys?  Where's Gandalf, Hotaru, Setsuna, Haruka, and 
Michiru?

Frodo:  I don't know.  I thought they were right behind us.

Joey:  Uh-oh.  What if it's a stalker out after all of us?

Heero:  Stalker?  *falls to ground, hugs knees, and sucks thumb* She 
can't be here, she can't be here.

Washu:  What's his problem?

Duo:  There was this girl who was in love with him who was a stalker.

Nimrodel:  You mean Relena?  Don't worry Heero, I didn't bring her 
here.

Heero:  *stands up* Oh good.  Not that I was afraid, or anything.

All:  *sweatdrop*

Amy:  Okay, look.  I highly doubt that there's a stalker here.  You 
didn't bring one here, did you Nimrodel?

Nimrodel:  No.

Amy:  So, Trowa was the only one missing.  One of us must've killed 
him.

All:  *look suspiciously at each other*

Rini:  Wait a minute!  Trowa wasn't alone!  Where was Gimli?

Spongebob:  *rolls Trowa over* Right here being dead as a doornail?

All:  *scream*

Wufei:  *jumps into Aisha's arms again*

Aisha:  *drops Wufei* I'm warning you--

Nimrodel:  How did he die?

Gene:  Look!  There's dental floss around his neck!  He was strangled!

Nimrodel:  Okay, I'm more for the stalker theory again.

All:  *run away*
***********************************************************************
*
Serena:  Are we safe yet?

Quatre:  Uh no.  Hey, what are those over there?  *points to large, 
lumpy objects*

All:  *slowly walk over*

Nimrodel:  *jumps into Legolas's arms* I'm scared Legolas.

Legolas:  Relax, I'm sure it's just another weird pile of stuff.

Mayuka:  What kind of stuff?

Merry:  Oh you know.  Leftover Patrick, the Wac-A-Mole game, the voodoo 
doll--

Mina:  The Outer Scouts

All:  *scream* They're dead too!

Lita:  This is like a bad version of I Know What You Did Last Summer!

Frodo:  Hold it!  Where's Gandalf?

Boromir:  Yeah, he went off with them to play charades!  Where is he 
now?

All:  *look, but don't find Gandalf*

Joey:  He did it!  He's the stalker!
***********************************************************************
*
Ooh, spooky.  Is Gandalf a stalker?  Are Trowa, Gimli, and the outer 
scouts really dead?  Will Raye and Tristan get married?  Wait and find 
out!
