Aloha Everybody!  Who likes this fanfic so far?  Well, the people at my 
school find it hilarious, and so do the little kids at my sister's 
school, but they don't really count.  I also enjoy writing this story, 
because I make it up as I go along!  Okay, just so everyone know, or if 
you're gonna be a cheater and just read this chapter cuz it's the most 
recent one, Trowa, Gimli, Michiru, Haruka, Hotaru, and Setsuna are all 
dead, due to various things, and Gandalf is being accused as a stalker.  
Cool, huh?  Okay, I don't own Tenchi Muyo, Sailor Moon, Gundam Wing, 
Yu-Gi-Oh, Outlaw Star, Lord of the Rings, Harry Potter, or Spongebob 
Squarepants.  I will now proceed to beg you all not to sue me.  PUH-
LEEZ!  DON'T SUE ME!  I BESEECH YOU, DON'T SUE ME!  THINK OF THE 
CHILDREN!  Okay, I hope that was good enough for everyone.
-The SoJ
***********************************************************************
*
*everyone is still in the Black Hole*
*duh*

Nimrodel:  Everyone who isn't dead raise your hand.

All:  *raise hands*

Nimrodel:  Wait a minute, I'm sick of being Nimrodel.  I'm just gonna 
be The SoJ now.  But everyone remember my THE.  I like my THE.  It just 
sounds weird when you call me 'SoJ'.  But anyways, let's find Gandalf 
and burn him at the stake for being a stalker.
	
Gandalf:  *appears* But I'm not a stalker.  I caught the real stalker.

All:  YOU DID?

SoJ:  Well, who was it?

Gandalf:  Roguish-looking young fellow.  Claims to be a knight of some 
sort.

Anakin Skywalker:  *appears* I'm a Jedi you idiot.

Gandalf:  Look whom you're calling an idiot!  I'm the one who caught 
you!

Anakin:  Oh, shut up.

SoJ:  *runs over with little hearts in eyes* Oh, be nice Gandalf.  He's 
such a cutie!

Legolas:  I thought you were in love with me!

Frodo:  And me!

Quatre:  And me!

SoJ:  *stares* I was never in love with you Quatre.  But, now that you 
mention it, you are kinda cute.

All:  *groan*

Eowyn:  Well, now that the stalker case is solved, what do you guys 
want to do?

SoJ:  Play with Ani's lightsaber!

Anakin:  Look, I don't know who you are, or how I got here, or why that 
old guy keeps calling me a stalker, but I'm leaving now!

Washu:  You can't.

Anakin:  What?

Amy:  You're in the center of a black hole.  We can't escape the 
gravitational pull.

Anakin:  Well then, how did you all get here? 

Mayuka:  I played with Washu's remote.

Anakin:  *backs away* Okay, you're too cute to be normal.

Ryoko:  I know.  

Anakin:  And who might you be?

Ryoko:  I'm Ryoko the space pirate, most wanted criminal in the Galaxy.

Anakin:  I'm confused.  I would have known if you were a wanted 
criminal.

Washu:  Well, see, the thing is, we're all from different universes.  
My remote pulled us from them, and we ended up here, where Ryoko broke 
the remote so we can't leave.

Anakin:  Oh, that was good.

Ryoko:  Shut up.
***********************************************************************
*
Anakin:  So, what do you do here for fun?

Raye:  We play 'Spin the Bottle' and 'Two Minutes in the Closet'.

Anakin:  You people seriously need lives.

*all of a sudden, loud growls come from the empty space*

Raye:  That's not me and Tristan this time.

*large blue wolf, green tiger, and green griffin jump out*

All but SoJ:  *scream*

SoJ:  My babies!  *cuddles dangerous beasts*  Yes, yes, I know.  Mummy 
missed you too.

Aragorn:  What are those?

SoJ:  They're a Lupe, and a Kougra and an Eyrie, stupid.  They're my 
NeoPets.

Sam:  Haven't you gotten rid of them yet?

SoJ:  No.  I love them.

Joey:  Just like you loved your Virtual Dog.

SoJ:  Who told you about Beowulf?

Kiyone:  *whistles and looks away*

SoJ:  Well, he turned out to be too much of a responsibility for me.  
And besides, bloodthirsty, terrifying beasts are more to my nature.

Wufei:  You can say that again.

SoJ:  Shut up!
***********************************************************************
8
*at end of universe*
*that's where the Sovereign of Selenity is hanging out*

Selenity:  Dr. Love has retur--what?

*is transported to Black Hole*

Selenity:  SoJ, what am I doing here?  

SoJ:  I don't know.  I didn't bring you here.  Hey, I was wondering, 
what happened to Phillip?

Selenity:  I haven't written that part yet you baka!

SoJ:  Geez, are we having a bad day?

Legolas:  SoJ, the pudding's ready.

Selenity:  LEGOLAS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  PUDDING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

SoJ:  Legolas!  I told you not to make that pudding!  And Selenity!  
Get off of him!

Anakin:  You are so possessive!  If Legolas wants to go out with 
Selenity, let him!

Legolas:  *looks up with tears coming out of eyes*  But I don't want to 
go out with either of them!

SoJ and Selenity:  *step back and glare*

Legolas:  *sweatdrops*  I mean, I love you both, fair ladies.  I cannot 
choose between you.

SoJ and Selenity:  Oh.  *resume fighting*

*all of a sudden, Boromir, Arwen, Sam, Wufei, Joey, Tea, Jim, Sasami, 
Ron, Hermione and Melfina disappear*

Tenchi and Yugi:  NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
MELFINA!!!!!!!!!!!!!

SoJ:  *stops fighting Selenity*  What's the big deal?  Where did Tea 
and Sasami go?

Eowyn:  Yeah, I for one liked them.

Washu:  Huzzah!  I fixed the remote!  I had Ron test it out, and it 
worked.

All:  *sweatdrop*

Lita:  Washu, for a genius, you sure are an idiot.

Heero:  Yeah, now we have no way back.

SoJ:  And Selenity's stuck here!

Selenity:  *glares at SoJ*  Excuse me?

*Sam, Clover, and Alex appear*

Sam:  Okay, that is definitely too much nitro-glycerin.

Clover:  I am so quitting WHOOP.

Alex:  Uh, guys, where are we?

All:  Not more people!

SoJ:  You're stuck inside a black hole.  And it's all Ryoko's fault 
that we can't leave.

Ryoko:  WHAT?  YOU LITTLE B****

All:  *gasp*

Ryoko:  What?  We've all sworn at least once so far.  Why did that make 
a difference?

Mina:  It's not that you idiot.  Look! *points to boombox that has 
appeared playing the annoying elevator music from The Sims*

Aeka:  Ahhh!  No!  Make it stop!

Rini:  *rolls eyes and changes song*  Yeah!  Britney Spears!

Clover:  Oh my God, you're not gonna play that are you?  Bubblegum pop 
is so out.

Sam:  I guess any female under the age of ten likes Britney Spears.

Suzuca: Hey, not just females under the age of ten!

Gene, Aisha, Spongebob:  *stare*

Suzuca:  *sweatdrops*  Not that I do, or anything.

Heero:  Who are you and who do you work for?

Eowyn:  Does he always have to say that?  Is it a habit or something?

Quatre:  Unfortunately.

Sam:  We're spies, obviously.  I'm Sam, and that's Alex and Clover.

Clover:  We work for WOOHP

Alex:  The World Organization Of Helping People.

Serena:  Looks like they actually listened to you Heero.  That's a 
first.

Heero:  *glares at Serena*

Serena:  *glares back*

Sam, Alex, Clover:  *stare*

Alex:  Okay, that's just creepy.

Sam:  No kidding.

Selenity:  Um, hello.  Did you all just forget I was here, or 
something?

SoJ:  Yes.  Go um, go play with Spongebob.

Spongebob:  Yeah!  We can make nets, and go jellyfishing, then say hi 
to everyone in the black hole, then-

Selenity:  *squeezes Spongebob*  You are going to leave me alone.  You 
are going to leave me alone now, or you will feel more pain in .2793 
seconds than you have felt in your entire life.

Spongebob:  *gulps*  Okay.

Selenity:  *smiles, and lets go of Spongebob*  Good.  Now, let's see if 
this thing can play anything other than the world's most annoying 
music.  *screws around with boombox*

Boombox:  Hello?  Is anyone out there?

Amy:  OH MY GOD!  THAT THING MUST BE PICKING UP RADIO SIGNALS FROM 
EARTH!  WE'RE SAVED!

Boombox:  Um, I'm not exactly on Earth.  Where are you?

Kiyone:  We're stuck in a black hole.  Can you help us?

Boombox:  You're stuck in a black hole?  That is a predicament.  I may 
be able to help you.  Have you made any human sacrifices to the Gods of 
the Black Hole?

Aragorn:  *skeptically*  The Gods of the Black Hole?

Boombox:  Yes.  You must please them or you won't be able to leave.

Washu:  But that's impossible!  We can't leave because we can't get out 
of the gravitational field, not because some god won't let us go.

Boombox:  Well, if you're going to be skeptics, then they'll never let 
you leave.

Gandalf:  Alright, alright.  Who should we sacrifice?

Boombox:  Well, they're not quite right in the head, you know.  They 
prefer to have seven foot tall, scaly, purple people.  Do you have any?

All:  No.

Boombox:  Well, then, you're doomed.  I'll talk to you later.

Suzuca:  NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I 
CAN'T STAY HERE WITH SPONGEBOB ANY LONGER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  PLEASE, 
HELP US!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Boombox:  *static*

Anakin:  Oh yeah.  We're doomed.

SoJ:  Oh, not if you're here.

Selenity:  Okay, SoJ.  I'm sick of you flirting with all of the cute 
guys!  You can't have Legolas and Anakin!  That's just not fair!

SoJ:  Not even if I give you Darien?

Serena:  You can't give her Darien!  Darien's mine!

SoJ and Selenity:  YOU STAY OUT OF THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Anakin:  How long to we have to deal with them fighting over us?

Legolas:  I have no idea.  Too long, I'm afraid.

Anakin and Legolas:  *sigh*

*all those people who disappeared reappear.  Selenity, Sam, Alex, and 
Clover disappear*

SoJ:  Yay!  She's gone!  I get Anakin and Legolas to myself now!

Tenchi and Yugi:  Melfina!  You're back!  *glare at each other*

Melfina:  I know.  We went on a little vacation to the edge of the 
universe.  It's an experience I really don't want to relive.

Joey:  It wasn't that bad!  We got ice cream!

SoJ:  WHAT?!?!?!?!?!?!?!  YOU GOT ICE CREAM!  NO FAIR!

Tea:  Relax!  I stole Wufei's and saved it for you.  *hands SoJ  ice 
cream*

SoJ:  Yay!  Tea, you're the best!  *eats ice cream*

Joey:  Kiss up.

Tea:  Yeah, whatever.  She still likes me best.

SoJ:  *with mouth full of ice cream* Yesh I to.  Oo are ow efil 
combeart to Tea.

Raye:  Chew your food!  My God, you're as big a pig as Serena!

Serena and SoJ:  *attack Raye*

Tristan:  Hey!  That wasn't nice!

Serena and SoJ:  *drop Raye and attack Tristan*

Aeka:  Um

Serena and SoJ:  *drop Tristan and attack Aeka*

Jim:  *whispers*  Everyone shut up!

Serena and SoJ:  *glare threateningly at Jim*

Jim:  *laughs nervously*

SoJ:  *shakes head*  I'm sorry.  I lost my temper.

Serena:  Yeah.  It was an accident.  Sort of.
***********************************************************************
*
Yurael:  *growls and stares hungrily at Gene*

Gene:  Uh, are you sure that thing is tame?

SoJ:  Tame?  What ever gave you that idea?  She's a bloodthirsty 
monster.  But relax.  I'm pretty sure she doesn't want to eat you.

Yurael:  *bites Gene's foot*

Gene:  You're sure, huh?

 Nishiyarimo:  *howls and stares hungrily at Heero*

Myrnaze:  *let's out a really loud screech and stares hungrily at 
Ryoko*

Tenchi:  Do you train them to eat the people you don't like.

SoJ:  Maybe.  Maybe not.  Anybody want to play Monopoly?

Duo:  Where did you get Monopoly?

SoJ:  I bring Monopoly with me everywhere.  Wanna play.

Duo:  Sure.

Mihoshi:  I'll play too.

Yugi:  I guess I'll play.  Can I be the iron?

Tenchi:  No.  I get to be the iron.

Yugi:  No, I do.  *attacks Tenchi*

Tenchi:  *attacks Yugi*

Tea:  Is it just me, or are they just like Selenity and The SoJ?

All except for SoJ, Yugi, and Tenchi:  *nod*  
***********************************************************************
*
Jim:  *walks around with Rini and clipboard*  So, we're gonna keep 
track of who the couples are?

Rini:  Uh huh.  Don't forget to include the love triangles. 

Jim:  Got ya.  Let's see.  Well, there's Raye and Tristan, Aisha and 
Kaiba, Mina and everyone, 

Rini:  No.  She didn't like you.

Jim:  Ha ha.  Very funny.  Anyways, there's Tea and Pippin, The SoJ, 
Selenity and Legolas, The SoJ, Selenity, and Anakin, The SoJ and Frodo, 
The SoJ and Quatre,

Rini:  Now, the SoJ thought you were cute.

Jim:  Really?  Okay then, The SoJ and me, Yugi, Tenchi, and Melfina, 
Yugi and you

Rini:  WHAT?  *attacks Jim
***********************************************************************
*
That's all for now!  I know, it's shorter than the others are, but 
that's what you get for quality, not quantity.  Adios Amigos!
