Guten Tag!  Thank you everyone who sent me an E-mail saying they liked 
this story!  Um, wait.  Only one person sent me a letter.  Oh well, 
thank you anyways.  Just so you can all keep tabs on who's in the black 
hole, there is all of the Tenchi people plus Mayuka, all of the Sailors 
except Saturn, Uranus, Neptune, and Pluto, All of the Gundam Pilots 
except Trowa, all of the Fellowship of the Ring except for Gimli, plus 
Eowyn and Arwen, the entire crew of the Outlaw Star, Spongebob 
Squarepants, Anakin Skywalker, my three NeoPets, and of course, me, The 
SoJ.  Needless to say I don't own any of these shows or characters from 
web sites, so PLEASE DON'T SUE ME!  HAVE MERCY!  THERE'S SO MUCH MORE 
LIFE LEFT TO LIVE!  Thank you.
-The SoJ
***********************************************************************
***************
*everyone is still in the black hole, obviously.  Or else, why would I 
be writing this story?  A little pointless, don't you think?  Like this 
one time.*

SoJ:  *hears odd noises and looks around* Hello? 

Jim:  *stands up* Oh!  Hi!  How are you?  Why are you here?

Rini:  Jim?  Who is it?

SoJ:  OH NO!  DON'T TELL ME YOU WERE--EWW!  YOU'RE ONLY LIKE, FIVE AND 
ELEVEN!

Jim:  No SoJ, we weren't making out or having--

Rini:  Ahem.

Jim:  Right.  We were fighting.

SoJ:  You two?  About what?

Rini:  Jim says I'm in love with Yugi!

SoJ:  Jim, you have a sick mind to go with your adorable face.

Rini and Jim:  *sweatdrop*

Jim:  This is getting out of hand.  *hears more odd noises*

Rini:  What's that?

SoJ:  Shut up you little puffball, and we'll find out!

Heero's voice: Where did you learn to do that?

Other voice:  *laughs and purrs*

SoJ:  HEERO!  WHAT THE H***?!?!?!?!?!?!

Heero:  Ah!  Oops.

Other voice:  What is it?

Heero:  The Tyrant!

SoJ:  Yes!  And no one can 'go bowling' unless I say so Heero!

Other voice:  *stands up and turns out to be Mistress 9*
SoJ:  HOTARU?  WHAT THE H***?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!

Heero:  *gets big eyes*  WHAT THE H***?!?!?!?!?!  YOU'RE 
HOTARU?!?!?!?!?!?

Mistress 9:  Sort of.  I'm her evil counterpart.

Heero:  *sighs with relief*  Good.  So, you're like, 18?

Mistress 9:  Yeah, about that.  *goes and lies down with Heero*  Ahem, 
do you mind?

Jim:  Oh, sorry.  *walks away with SoJ and Rini*
***********************************************************************
***************
Tenchi:  *gives Yugi a black eye*  Melfina is mine!

Yugi:  *slams Tenchi into Wac-A-Mole*  You wish!  She is so mine!

Tenchi and Yugi:  *continue to brawl*

Melfina:  Please stop!

Merry:  What's wrong?

Melfina:  They keep fighting over me!  I hate to see them get hurt!

Merry:  Me too, but you have to understand that they are blinded by 
their love for you.  

Melfina:  That is so sweet!  Would you like to take a walk with me?

Merry:  Sure.  *walks away with Melfina*

Tenchi and Yugi:  *stop fighting*

Yugi:  What just happened here?

Tenchi:  We were ditched.  For a guy that's four feet tall.

Yugi:  Man, that was low.

Tenchi:  No kidding.

Yugi:  Well, she wasn't that pretty.

Tenchi:  Or nice.

Yugi:  Or funny.

Tenchi:  Yeah.  

Yugi:  Wanna play Duel Monsters?

Tenchi:  Sure.
***********************************************************************
***************
Washu:  Now, I've almost got this thing figured out.  I've just got to-
-*interrupted by screaming*  What the h***?  

*runs over to find Suzuca fighting with squirrel*
Suzuca:  You will die and be made into sushi!  Just like Patrick!

Squirrel:  NO!  You got Patrick too?  You are a monster, and I'm gonna 
knock you all the way into next week!  *does funky karate moves*

Suzuca:  *does funky sword thing*

Spongebob:  *enters*  Huh?  SANDY?

Squirrel:  *stops fighting with Suzuca*  SPONGEBOB!  YOU'RE ALIVE!  
*hugs Spongebob*

Suzuca:  Wait, you know this guy?

Sandy:  Of course!  It's prehibernation week, I want him to come back 
and do stuff with me.

Suzuca:  *cries tears of joy*  You do?  Oh thank you, thank you, THANK 
YOU!

Spongebob:  But Sandy, I like it here!  Suzuca is my friend.

All:  Yeah right.

Sandy:  But, I miss you in Bikini Bottom.

Washu:  Excuse me, but how did you get here?

Sandy:  *holds out remote with one big red button*  I just pushed this 
here button and--*is zapped away*

Suzuca:  *stares, then cries sprinkler tears*  NOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!  I'M 
NEVER GONNA GET RID OF HIM!  NEVER!  *runs away*

All:  *stare after Suzuca*

Eowyn:  She seriously needs to figure out her life.

All:  *nod in agreement*
***********************************************************************
***************
Yurael:  *sleeps*

Nishiyarimo:  *stares into space*

Myrnaze:  *lies on back*

SoJ:  GENE!  WHAT DID YOU DO TO THEM?  THEY'RE NOT BEING VICIOUS!

Gene:  *looks up from magazine*  Wufei and I trained them to be nice.  
After they took our Ryoko's main artery, they were becoming a problem.

SoJ:  NO!  MY POOR BABIES!  WHAT DID THESE MONSTERS DO TO YOU?

*red horse with fish tail appears*

SoJ:  What?  Can it me?  Yes!  It is!  MEMORANEO!

Wufei and Gene:  *gulp*  Who is Memoraneo?

SoJ:  *strokes horse*  My Peophin.  I just got her.  And I'm not 
letting you two hurt her like you did to my others!

Wufei:  Is she vicious too?

Memoraneo:  *slaps Wufei with tail*

SoJ:  Yes.
***********************************************************************
***************
Serena:  I'm hungry!

Sasami:  And there's no Patrick left!

*mini-box of Honey Nut Clusters appears*

All:  FOOD!  *scramble to get box of cereal.  Washu gets there first*

Washu:  Wait!  We should see how much there is!  *counts cereal*  Okay, 
there are 43 of us.  That means each of us can have one corn flake and 
one nut cluster.

Kaiba:  But I'm allergic to nuts!

Washu:  Oh well, you'll have to starve.  But don't worry, we'll eat 
your remains.

All:  EWW!

Washu:  Just kidding.
***********************************************************************
***************
Aeka:  I have the best idea!  Let's all pick a boyfriend/girlfriend so 
that if we're all stuck here forever, we can all get married!

SoJ:  Oh, that's stupid.

Legolas:  Really?

SoJ:  *sighs happily with hearts in eyes*  No.  Not at all.  I GET 
LEGOLAS!

Anakin:  What about me?

*Padme Amidala appears*

Padme:  You're married to me, remember?

Anakin:  Oh yeah.

SoJ:  *face turns red*  GET OUT OF HERE YOU B****!  *kills Padme*

Anakin:  What'd you do that for?  You've got Legolas!

Aeka:  Okay, you three fight it out.  The rest of you go into pairs.

*pairs include:*

Raye and Tristan

Aisha and Kaiba
Melfina and Merry

Tea and Pippin

Jim and Rini

Heero and Mistress 9

Serena and Joey

Amy and Gene

Sasami and Yugi

Tenchi and Eowyn

Aragorn and Arwen

Lita and Harry

Ron and Hermione

Sam and Mina

Ryoko and Duo

Aeka and Quatre

Nishiyarimo and Yurael

Myrnaze and Memoraneo

SoJ and Anakin, Frodo, and Legolas

Kiyone:  Hey!  Me and Mihoshi and Gandalf and Wufei and Suzuca and 
Spongebob are still left over.

Wufei:  I am not getting married to some weakling woman!

Suzuca:  You call this weak?  *slices molecules with sword creating 
small atom bomb*

Wufei:  *eyes widen*  Whoa.  Will you marry me?

Suzuca:  *shrugs*  Better than the old guy or the sponge.

Mihoshi:  I'll take the Sponge!  Teach me how to Jellyfish Spongebob!

Spongebob:  Okay!  *runs off with Mihoshi*

Gandalf:  *clears throat*  Not that you aren't an enchanting young lady 
Miss Kiyone, but I do believe you're a bit to young for someone like 
myself.

Kiyone:  No kidding. I'm staying single!

Gandalf:  I will as well!

SoJ:  Glad that's settled.  Now, let's begin the big ceremony!
***********************************************************************
***************
Gandalf:  Do all of you people take those people Aeka said before to be 
your lawful wedded wife or husband?

A few voices: No!

Gandalf:  Then you may kiss the bride or groom.

Joey:  *goes flying*

Yugi:  That was cool, huh Sasami?

Sasami:  Yeah, but just realize I only married you because Aeka said 
so.

Yugi:  I know.  

*a few couples disappear*

Suzuca:  I WANNA DIVORCE!

Wufei:  I'm sorry!  Isn't that good enough?

Suzuca:  NO!  I wanna divorce!

All but the couples who disappeared:  US TOO!

Aeka:  Oh fine.  You are all hearby divorced.
***********************************************************************
****************later, baby animals appear that look like hybrids of 
NeoPets*

All girls except Ryoko and Suzuca:  OH MY GOSH THEY'RE SO CUTE! *cuddle 
little animals and make attempts not to be eaten*

Tenchi:  How sweet.  Hey, just out of curiosity, who stayed married?

*Raye, Tristan, Aisha, Kaiba,, Tea, Pippin, Mistress 9 and Heero raise 
hands*

SoJ:  I didn't marry at all.  It would tie me down to much.

Anakin, Legolas, and Frodo:  *sweatdrop*
***********************************************************************
***************
That's all for now!  E-mail me if you like it! TTFN!
 
