
College: Is life really normal?
by Man-Drew

DISCLAIMER:  Tenchi Muyo, Ryoko, Aeka, Nagi, and any other characters from 
the Tenchi Muyo Universe that are used are property of AIC/PIONEER.  
Keiichi, Belldandy, Urd, Skuld, and all other characters of Ah, My Goddess 
are property of Kousuke Fujishima, Kodansha, Ltd., KSS Films, and TBS.

Notes: This takes place some time after the end of the Tenchi Universe and 
the Ah! My Goddess OVAs.  Thanks to Chan Wei Lik for his constructive 
criticisms that corrected many of the obvious errors in this writing.  Also, 
thanks to the authors of Mugen Tenchi Muyo for giving me the basic idea for 
a Shinto wedding ceremony.
Maybe it'll work this time
     "Welcome to Nekomi Institute of Technology.  I will be your orientation 
counselor.  My name is Morisato Keiichi.  Before we begin the tour, are 
there any questions?" asked Keiichi.
     A hand went up in the back of the group.  "Yes?" said Keiichi.
     "What year of college are you in?" asked the girl with the spiky, 
cyan-colored hair.
     "I am a third-year student, majoring in Auto Engineering," replied 
Keiichi.  "Any other questions?"
     When only silence greeted him, he continued.  "Okay, if you will all 
follow me," motioned Keiichi as he turned and began a tour of Nekomi 
Institute of Technology(NIT).
     At the back of the group, the girl with the spiky, cyan-colored hair 
nudged the guy next to her.  "Hey Tenchi, excited about your first day at 
college?" she asked.
     The guy snapped out of his reverie.  "Oh, yeah.  Thrilled," he replied. 
  He returned to studying his shoes as he walked.
     "Tenchi?  What's wrong?  Is college that bad all ready?" asked the 
girl.
     "No, no it isn't, Ryoko.  I'm just..." he stopped.
     "Hey, you two in the back.  Hurry up," shouted Keiichi from the front 
of the group.
     "Sorry," answered Ryoko.  She waved at Keiichi before dragging Tenchi 
along beside her.

     "So you're Tenchi Masaki.  You're planning on majoring in Architectural 
Design?" asked the counselor.
     "Yeah," replied Tenchi, not feeling much like conversation.
     "Okay, I assume you've already gotten your schedule made?" continued 
the counselor.
     "Yeah," was his only answer.
     "Mr. Masaki, is there something wrong?" asked the counselor.
     "Oh," Tenchi looked up.  "No, sir.  Nothing at all, sir," he answered.
     "Good, now please listen to me.  Here's your dorm-room assignment and 
your class schedule for this semester.  If you haven't already, you should 
also check the list of clubs here at school.  I can personally recommend the 
Auto Club if you're interested in motorcycles or racing," explained the 
counselor, finishing his speech.
     "Thanks," said Tenchi as he stood and left.
      He walked slowly through the campus, heading towards his dorm.  Tenchi 
felt so morose because he felt guilty for the way he had sent Aeka off.  
After they returned from 1970, she had asked him what he planned to do with 
his life.  When he told her about wanting to be an architect like his 
father, she had suggested that he come back with her to Jurai.  He refused 
again and he and Aeka had the same parting that took place after the defeat 
of Kagato.  Only this time, the pain was doubly worse.  He had refused her 
twice.  But each time, Ryoko had showed up to comfort him.  He understood 
Aeka's position and that she had duties to perform and could not be there 
with him, but Ryoko could.  After Aeka had left, Ryoko had found every 
possible excuse to stay around.  As the summer wore on, NIT accepted Tenchi, 
to the exultation of his father.  Tenchi had hoped to please his father 
since that Tenchi also desired to be an architect.  His father's instant 
approval reward him.  Only then, Ryoko announced that she also had been 
accepted at NIT, much to the amazement of the Masaki family.  This sudden 
turn of events had left Tenchi doubting everything.  He had feelings for 
Ryoko, but also for Aeka.  If Aeka found out about Ryoko and him going to 
the same college as she undoubtedly would, she would be hurt and angry.  
Tenchi didn't want to hurt her.  So it was with mixed emotions that he and 
Ryoko set off for college.  On the way, he asked Ryoko why she had come to 
college since she had no need of it.  The obvious answer was, "To be with 
you, of course."
     "Tenchi, wait up," came the voice from across the courtyard.
     Tenchi turned and saw Ryoko running up behind him.  "Did you get your 
schedule," inquired Tenchi.
     "Yeah, see," she replied as she showed him her schedule.
     He looked at her's and then at his.  They were nearly identical, except 
for his 'Introduction to Architecture' class and a physics class.  Other 
than that, all the courses they had were the mundane courses that every 
freshman took.
     "Isn't that great?" she asked exuberantly.
     "It's terrific," replied Tenchi.  His attitude was finally starting to 
perk up.  "Where is your dorm?" asked Tenchi.
     "A3," answered Ryoko.
     "Oh, I'm in C7.  I think the two are pretty close," observed Tenchi.
     "Great, that means all the more time we'll be able to spend together," 
said Ryoko.  She hugged him and he nervously returned the embrace.
     When she let go of him, he explained that he needed to get moved into 
his dorm room.
     "Don't you want to spend some more time with me, though?" asked Ryoko, 
petulantly.
     "Maybe later.  I've got to get my stuff in my room by 5.  So do you," 
answered Tenchi.       "I suppose you're right.  Guess, I'd better hurry," 
pouted Ryoko.
     "Bye," said Tenchi as he hurried on.
     When he arrived at the dorm, two guys greeted him.  "Hey, are you the 
new guy?" asked one tall guy with spiky, blond hair.  His necklace with its 
bolts and spare parts made Tenchi look twice before answering.
     "Yeah, I'm Tenchi Masaki," answered Tenchi.
     "Okay, then, Masaki.  I'm Otaki, and this is Tamiya.  We're your 
sempais and here are the rules of this dorm," said Otaki as he shoved a 
grungy sheet of paper under Tenchi's nose.  Tenchi took the paper and 
quickly skimmed the list.
     "Oh, especially note this rule.  A former member of this dorm, Keiichi 
Morisato had to give up his room because he failed to follow this one," 
continued Otaki as he pointed at the paper.
     Tenchi looked at the rule Otaki was pointing at.  'No Women are allowed 
in the dorm'.  "Okay, where's my room again," asked Tenchi.
     "Down there," pointed Tamiya.
     Tenchi went to the room Tamiya had pointed to and dropped his bags on 
the floor.  The room looked like it had not been used for some time and was 
basically clean except for the spider webs in the corners.  Tenchi quickly 
unpacked and was doing his best to straighten the room when Tamiya stuck his 
head in the door.
     "Hey Masaki, come on out here for a minute," he ordered.
    "Coming, sempai," replied Tenchi.  He walked into the hallway and 
suddenly felt very wet and cold as a bucket of cold water rained down on 
him.
     Tamiya and Otaki were laughing and slapping each other on the back 
while Tenchi merely grimaced and turned to go back into his room.       
"Tenchi, where you going?" asked Otaki.
     "Back into my room," answered Tenchi.
     "Not yet, we're not finished," said Tamiya.  He motioned for Tenchi and 
Otaki to follow and then he went outside.  He led Tenchi to his motorcycle.  
  "Hop on," he ordered.
     Tenchi did as was commanded.  Otaki also got on his bike.  Then, they 
roared off.
     Tenchi had never been a very big fan of motorcycles and this wild ride 
did nothing to improve his opinion of them.  A couple minutes later, they 
pulled up outside the Auto Club clubhouse.  Tamiya and Otaki led Tenchi 
inside into the main room.  Several guys were lounging around and nobody 
looked up as they entered.  Then, Tamiya grabbed a screwdriver and slammed 
it into a gong-like piece of metal that was hanging near the entrance.  The 
whole clubhouse resounded with the loud GONG! that rang through it and Auto 
Clubbers poured into the main room.
     "Okay.  Guys, we have a new member among us.  His name is Tenchi Masaki 
and he's moving into Morisato's room.  As of now, he is the newest member of 
the Auto Club," proclaimed Tamiya.
     "I'm what?  I haven't joined the Auto Club yet," exclaimed Tenchi.
     "Yes you have.  Didn't you read the rules," answered Tamiya as he again 
shoved the rules sheet under Tenchi's nose.  He pointed to the fine print 
down at the bottom.  It read: All who stay in the dorm of C7 also consent to 
join the Auto Club.
     Tenchi cursed under his breath as he realized what he'd just done.  
"Now, Masaki.  As an official member of the Auto Club,  You get the duties 
every new member must take.  Number one, you will answer all phone messages 
while we are out.  Number two, you will read through the entire Encyclopedia 
of Motorcycles and their Engines so that you can share in the knowledge of 
the Auto Club," explained Tamiya.  "Masaki, welcome to the club," shouted 
Otaki as he raised a mug of sake.
     The group of guys all cheered and then piled on Tenchi.  At the bottom 
of the pile, Tenchi moaned.
	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*
     Two hours later, Tenchi was sitting with the phone in his lap.  "How in 
the world did I get myself into this.  I don't give a crap about 
motorcycles.  I'm supposed to be an architect, not a mechanic," he grumbled 
to himself as he began to flip through the encyclopedia.  He had managed to 
read the first paragraph when the phone rang.
     "Dorm C7, Freshman Masaki speaking," said Tenchi.
     "Hi Tenchi," came the seductive voice over the phone.
     "Oh, hi Ryoko," answered Tenchi, not very enthusiastically.
     "I didn't see you at dinner," complained Ryoko.
     "I don't suppose you did as I've been sitting here, taking messages for 
the last hour and a half.  As a person staying in dorm C7, I'm a member of 
the Auto Club.  As a new member of the Auto Club, it is my duty to take 
messages for the Club while they're out.  I also have to read this stupid 
book on Motorcycles," fumed Tenchi.
     "Poor Tenchi.  Want me to come over and keep you company?" asked Ryoko.
     "No, no women are allowed in the dorm," answered Tenchi, inwardly 
cursing his current state of affairs.
     "Tenchi, don't always be bound by the rules," suggested Ryoko.
     "If I break any rule, I'm automatically kicked out of the dorm," 
explained Tenchi.
     "That only happens if you get caught.  I'll be right over," said Ryoko. 
  She hung up.
     "Ryoko..." he started to say as the line went dead.  He sighed and hung 
up the phone.  As soon as the phone returned to its resting place, Ryoko 
appeared next to Tenchi.
     "Hi Tenchi," she said as she snuggled up next to him.
     "Ryoko!  I thought I said that you can't be here," he exclaimed as he 
struggled to his feet.
     Ryoko looked up at him, her eyes showing disappointment.  "But Tenchi, 
I was so lonely.  There's nobody at my dorm right now," she whined.
     "Where am I gonna stay if  I get kicked out?" asked Tenchi.  "I mean, I 
like having you here and all but if they walk in and you're here, I'm a 
gonner."
     "Loosen up, Tenchi.  If we hear them coming, I'll just go back to my 
dorm.  Promise," begged Ryoko.
     "Oh fine, but if I get caught," he warned.  Just then, he heard the 
door starting to open.  Ryoko disappeared before he could say anything and 
Tenchi was left with then Encyclopedia lying open on his lap when Tamiya and 
Otaki rounded the corner.
     "Ah, Tenchi.  I see you're studying.  Very fascinating, isn't it?" 
asked Tamiya.
     "Yeah," mumbled Tenchi, a big "I didn't do anything" smile on his face.
     "Any messages," asked Otaki.
     "Uh...uhh...oh, no, sempai," continued Tenchi.
*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*
     The next day, Tenchi walked into the cafeteria with the rest of the 
guys from his dorm.  That evening, Tamiya and Otaki had given him a long and 
detailed explanation of the exhaust system on the club's motorcycle and then 
sent him off to bed with orders not to be up before 8 o'clock.  He had 
awoken at 8:01 when Tamiya had banged on his door and demanded to know why 
he was not up since it was already a minute after his rising time.  Then, 
after a harried explanation and a quick shower, Tamiya and Otaki had dragged 
Tenchi off to breakfast.
     "Okay, Tenchi.  Here at the cafeteria, breakfast is served between 8:15 
and 9:15.  In that line, there is the traditional Japanese rice and 
condiments.  In the next, you have your fruits and vegetables.  And the last 
one is where all the cereals and deserts are.  As a member of the Auto Club, 
you are expected to be healthy so don't indulge yourself on deserts.  Fruits 
and rice make a great, healthy breakfast so go enjoy," said Tamiya as he 
slapped Tenchi on the back.  The blow knocked the air out of Tenchi as he 
stumbled towards the rice line.
     After collecting the necessary foods, he limped over to a table and sat 
down to slowly eat his breakfast.  It was not long before Tamiya and Otaki 
showed up, their plates loaded down with deserts.
     "Looks good, Masaki.  You have a lot of potential if you keep eating 
healthy and work at your studies.  One day, you'll be a sempai like me and 
Otaki here if you listen to us.  Eat up," said Tamiya.
     Tenchi said nothing but continued to slowly eat his rice while Tamiya 
and Otaki demolished their piles of food.  It was not long before other 
members of the Auto Club began to congregate around the table.
     "Hey Keiichi, meet the newest member of the Auto Club, Tenchi Masaki," 
said Tamiya as he introduced Tenchi to one of the guys sitting near them.
     "Hi Masaki.  Hey, weren't you in my orientation group yesterday?" asked 
Keiichi as he looked at Tenchi.
     "Yes, sempai," mumbled Tenchi, his eyes never leaving his plate.
     "Masaki, you need to be a bit more respectful of your club mates.  
Keiichi is our driver and he's the best there is.  Isn't that right, Otaki," 
said Tamiya.
     Otaki, who had been stuffing his face with cheese cake, merely grunted 
an agreement.
     Keiichi motioned for Tenchi to come sit by him, which Tenchi did.
     "Don't mind those two.  Tamiya's a good guy.  He's just in love with 
his engines.  Guess you spent last night as secretary, huh?" asked Keiichi.
     "Actually, yeah," replied Tenchi.  Keiichi chuckled at this.
     "What's your major?" asked Keiichi.
     "Architecture," replied Tenchi.
     "Oh, so you didn't exactly join the Auto Club of your own free will," 
remarked Keiichi with a grin.
     "No, not really," answered Tenchi.
     "Well, if it's really that bad.  I can get Tamiya to drop you.  But I 
think you'll like it in the club.  It's a lot of fun, even if you don't like 
motorcycles," commented Keiichi.
     "Especially for the new guys," observed Tenchi.
     "Oh, there's Belldandy.  I gotta go," said Keiichi.  "It was nice 
meeting you," he added as he stood to leave.
     Tenchi's eyes followed Keiichi as he walked over to a light-brown 
haired girl.  The two embraced before leaving the cafeteria together.   It 
was not long before Tenchi felt a familiar presence nearby.
     "Guess who," said the seductive voice as hands covered his eyes.
     "Let me guess...Ryoko?" Tenchi 'guessed'.
     "Lucky guess," retorted Ryoko as she sat down next to him.  "Did you 
miss me last night?"
     "Not at all.  In fact, I had a great time reading through the 
Encyclopedia of Motorcycles and their Engines as per Tamiya-sempai's 
orders," answered Tenchi.
     "Uh-huh, sounds like fun.  Wouldn't you enjoy your evenings more if you 
spent some time at my place?" asked Ryoko.
     "Ryoko, that probably isn't a good idea.  I don't know what my classes 
are going to take in relation to studying yet," replied Tenchi.
     Ryoko sighed.  "Studying?  Isn't there more to life than books and 
homework?" she asked.
     "I'm hoping so.  But we'd better not spend every evening together until 
I get my daily schedule planned out," said Tenchi.
     "Fine, be a bookworm," she said as she rose.  "I gotta get to class so 
I'll see you at lunch," she declared.  "Bye Tenchi," she added as she left.
     "Bye Ryoko," said Tenchi.
     "Hey, Masaki.  Who was that babe?" asked Otaki.
     "Oh, Ryoko?  She's just a friend from I knew back home," answered 
Tenchi.
     "You don't sound very excited.  If you don't want her, I'll gladly take 
her off your hands," offered Tamiya.
     "Good luck," observed Tenchi.
     He stood and walked out, leaving the confused Tamiya and Otaki to try 
and figure out what he meant.
	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*
     That evening, Tenchi was sitting in his room and flipping through a 
photo album he had brought with him.  Tamiya stuck his head in to see what 
Tenchi was doing.
     "Hey, Masaki, watcha doing?" he asked.
     "Oh, sempai, just looking through some old pictures," answered Tenchi.
     Tamiya saw the pictures of Kiyone and Mihoshi and leaned over to get a 
better look.
     "Whoa, who are all those babes?" he asked.
     "Just friends that lived with me back---"
    Tamiya interrupted him.  "You didn't say that Ryoko lived with you.  Are 
you two a couple or something?"
     "No, nothing like that," answered Tenchi.
     "All these chics lived with you?  What are you, some sort of pimp?" 
asked Tamiya, a grin slowly crossing his face.
     "No, they were just friends," insisted Tenchi.
     "Sure, Masaki.  Hey Otaki, come 'ere," called Tamiya.
     "What?" asked Otaki as he walked in.
     "Look at these friends of Masaki's," said Tamiya as he ripped the album 
out of Tenchi's hands and shoved it into Otaki's.
     Otaki lifted his sunglasses.  "Whoa, these babes are hot," he observed.
     "Masaki, who are they?" asked Otaki.
     Tenchi's face grew red.  "They're just friends," screamed Tenchi.
     Otaki raised his hands as if to ward off an evil spirit, "Hey, Masaki, 
sorry.  I was just askin'."
     Within five seconds, Tenchi's album was back in his hands and his room 
was vacant.  He just shrugged his shoulders and returned to flipping through 
the photos.

    Tamiya had dragged Tenchi over to the clubhouse again, later that 
evening.  This time, the place was vacant except for a couple of sprawled 
out drunks.  Tenchi immediately headed for one of the back rooms.  He was in 
no mood to chat.

     A little later, Keiichi stuck his head in the doorway.  "Hey Masaki, 
how's it go going?" he asked..
     Tenchi looked up, "Fine, I suppose."
     "Tamiya says you got a little hot under the collar earlier.  Something 
wrong?" continued Keiichi.
     "No, everything is fine.  I was just getting a little homesick and 
Tamiya-sempai had asked questions that I didn't really want to answer right 
then," replied Tenchi.
     "Uh-huh, hey that happen's to everybody.  I know, why don't you come 
over for dinner tonight.  I'm sure Bell will have something great fixed," 
suggested Keiichi.
     "Uh, sure.  Why not," agreed Tenchi.
     "Great, let me go call her and tell her we're having company," said 
Keiichi.  He stood and walked over to the phone.
     He called someone and there was a quick conversation.  "Okay, she said 
dinner'll be ready in about an hour, so we'd better not stick around too 
long," suggested Keiichi.
     "Okay, let me grab my jacket and I'll be ready," said Tenchi.
     He slipped on a light jacket and started to follow Keiichi out when the 
phone rang again.  Tamiya answered and then called, "Hey Masaki, it's for 
you."
     "Ok, thanks, Tamiya-sempai," returned Tenchi.  He walked over and 
picked up the receiver.
     "Hello?" he asked.
     "Hi Tenchi," came Ryoko's ever seductive voice.
     "Oh, hi Ryoko.  Look, now's not a good time.  I'm going somewhere," 
Tenchi explained.
     "Oh, so you'd rather go do something else than talk to me," whined 
Ryoko.
     "No, it's just that I had plans already," explained Tenchi.
     "What's so important that you can't talk?" asked Ryoko.
     "I'm going over to a friend's for dinner," answered Tenchi.
     "A friend?  A girl-friend?" asked Ryoko, as if she suspected some 
ulterior motive.
     "No, just a friend from the Auto Club," explained Tenchi.
     "Great, than I'll come along," declared Ryoko.
     "No, Ryoko, wait--" the line went dead.
     Tenchi hung up the phone in a disgusted manner and looked around.  
Keiichi waited by the door.
     "You ready now?" he asked.
     "Yeah," answered Tenchi.
      He followed Keiichi outside.  Keiichi's motorcycle was sitting next to 
the curb and Ryoko was waiting next to it, dressed in a dark, blue skirt 
that fell at least six inches above her knees and a white, sleeveless shirt 
and an unbuttoned jean vest .
     She ran up and hugged Tenchi as he came out.  "Hi Tenchi, how come you 
didn't call me sooner?" she asked.
     "I've been busy," answered Tenchi, somewhat embarrassed.  "How'd you 
get over here so fast, anyway?"
     "I was staying late to do research at the library.  Anyway.  Who's your 
friend, here.  Wait, weren't you our orientation guide yesterday?" she asked 
as she looked at Keiichi.
     "Yes, I'm Keiichi Morisato.  And you are?" he asked.
     "Ryoko," said Ryoko as she offered her hand.
     Keiichi took it and was taken back the power of her  handshake.
     "So Tenchi, are we going to Keiichi's house tonight?" asked Ryoko.
     "We?" interjected Keiichi.
     "Oh, Tenchi.  I thought I was invited too, wasn't I?" she asked, giving 
Tenchi the puppy-eyes look.
     "Well, uh-h-h-h," stuttered Tenchi.
     "Sure, Tenchi just reminded me.  I don't know about you but I'm 
starving.  Maybe Bell will have dinner ready a little quicker than usual.," 
commented Keiichi.
     "Okay, guess we'd better get moving then," suggested Tenchi.
     They walked down to the motorcycle and Keiichi scratched his head.
     "Hmm, how are we going to fit both of you on this thing?" he asked 
himself.  He looked over the situation quickly before making his proposal.  
"Ryoko, you're either going to have to ride behind me or you can sit in 
Tenchi's lap," he explained.
     "That's an easy choice," laughed Ryoko.  She ran around the motorcycle 
and hopped into Tenchi's lap just as he had sat down in the passenger seat.
     "Umph, Ryoko," he said weakly as he tried to regain his breath.
     She adjusted herself so Tenchi could have easy access to what ever he 
wanted.  "Isn't this romantic, Tenchi?" she suggested, as Keiichi climbed 
onto the bike.
     "Yeah," agreed a very embarrassed Tenchi.
     Keiichi just grinned and turned on the engine.  It roared to life and 
Keiichi accelerated towards the shrine.
	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*
     Ten minutes later, they pulled up outside the temple/house.  Belldandy 
was there to greet them.
     "Hi, Kei," she greeted as she kissed him.
     "Hi, Bell," he replied as he returned the kiss.
     After they finished, Belldandy noticed Ryoko helping a very 
uncomfortable Tenchi out of the passenger seat.
     "This must be Tenchi," she stated.
     "Yeah, and this is his friend Ryoko.  I hope you don't mind that she 
came along.  It was kind a of a last minute thing," explained Keiichi.
     "No, that's fine.  We have plenty of chicken tonight," laughed 
Belldandy.
     "Hi, I'm Tenchi and this is Ryoko," said Tenchi as he walked up.
     "Hi Tenchi, Ryoko.  I hope you two are hungry because I fixed a lot of 
teriyaki chicken for tonight," said Belldandy, a big smile on her face.
     "Mmmm, sounds great," answered Ryoko, also smiling(and hugging Tenchi 
all at the same time).
     "Well, why don't you come inside," suggested Keiichi as he noticed 
Tenchi's predicament.
     Belldandy led them  up the path and into the front door of the shrine.
     "Hi Keiichi, who are your friends," asked Megumi as she greeted them.
     "This is Tenchi and Ryoko.  Tenchi, Ryoko, this is my sister Megumi," 
said Keiichi as he introduced them to Megumi who had been helping Belldandy 
prepare dinner.
     Then, Urd and Skuld walked into the room, arguing about nothing in 
particular.
     "Hey, Belldandy, when will dinner be ready," asked Urd, impatiently.
     "It's just about done," replied Belldandy.  "Urd, Skuld, I'd like you 
to meet Tenchi and Ryoko, friends of Keiichi's from school."
     The two goddesses looked across the room and saw Tenchi trying to 
squirm out of Ryoko's grasp and Skuld giggled.  Tenchi turned red and stood 
up straight, a huge grin on his face.
     "H-hi, I'm-m T-t-enchi," he stuttered.  Skuld giggled some more.
     "And I'm Ryoko," said Ryoko as she released Tenchi from her embrace.
     "Tenchi, Ryoko, these are my sisters, Urd and Skuld," said Belldandy as 
she pointed to her sisters.
     "Hi," said Tenchi, Ryoko, Urd, and Skuld in unison.
     As they sat down at the table, Belldandy brought in a huge pot of 
chicken and laid it before them.  Before she had time to sit down, the rest 
had already emptied the pot of two-thirds of its contents.
     "I'm glad I fixed a lot," she observed as everyone gobbled down their 
food.
     "This is delicious, Bell," said Keiichi.
     "I'm so glad you like it, Kei," she returned.  "Didn't you love our 
literature professor?" she asked.
     "Yeah, she was great.  But I don't think the calculus professor and I 
will get along to well," observed Keiichi.
     "Maybe if you got Skuld to tutor you in math some, he'd like you 
better," Belldandy suggested, the slightest hint of a smile on her lips.  
Skuld grinned.
     "What are you majoring in, Tenchi?" asked Megumi.
     "Architectural design.  My father's an architect and I've always been 
interested so basically I'm carrying on family tradition.  I'm enjoying it 
so far," answered Tenchi.
     "And you, Ryoko?" continued Megumi.
     "I'm still undecided.  Hey, aren't you in my physics class?" exclaimed 
Ryoko.
     "Yeah, I think I am.  Don't you sit three rows back and up one?" asked 
Megumi.
     "Exactly.  I thought I'd seen you before.  What are you majoring in?" 
asked Ryoko.
     "Mechanical engineering, similar to Keiichi," replied Megumi.
     "Must be fun to have a brother doing about the same thing.  Always 
helps to have someone who can do that extra homework for you," observed 
Ryoko.
     "It's great!" laughed Megumi as Keiichi grimaced at the thought.
     "So Urd, are you in college?" asked Tenchi.
     "No, I stay here and keep the house running," answered Urd, suddenly 
paying close attention to the conversation.  Everyone except for Tenchi and 
Ryoko gave Urd a strange look.  Skuld giggled and then burst out laughing.
     "What?  What's so funny?" demanded Urd.
     "You keep the house running?  Maybe you keep the sake supply fresh," 
laughed Skuld.
     Urd's look silenced any further attempts at humor.
     "What about you, Skuld?" asked Ryoko.
     "I'm to smart to go to school," declared Skuld, her face going from a 
smile to a serious look.
     The rest of the conversation went basically like this.
     "Ryoko, we'd better get going," suggested Tenchi.  "I have a lot of 
studying to do."
     "Yeah, I'd guess we had better get a move on," she replied.
     "Thanks for dinner, Belldandy.  It was delicious," said Tenchi, bowing 
slightly to Belldandy.
     "You're very welcome and I hope you can come again soon," replied 
Belldandy.
     "It was nice meeting you, Tenchi.  I'll see you in physics tomorrow, 
Ryoko," said Megumi.
     "Nice to meet you, Megumi.  And you Urd, and you Skuld," said Tenchi 
with another slight bow.
     "Do you guys need a ride back to school? It's pretty far," asked 
Keiichi.
     "Thanks, if you wouldn't mind," answered Tenchi.
     "Sure, I don't mind.  I'll be back in a little while, Bell," said 
Keiichi.
     "Okay, bye," she said as she kissed him on the cheek.
     "Thanks again for the meal," said Tenchi.
     "Again, you are most welcome," replied Belldandy.
     Keiichi led Tenchi and Ryoko back out to the motorcycle.
     "Same arrangement as last time?" asked Ryoko.
     "Whatever you guys want," answered Keiichi.
     "Great, come on Tenchi," said Ryoko as she grabbed Tenchi by the arm 
and pulled him around to the other side of the motorcycle.  Tenchi gave 
Keiichi a pitiful look as Ryoko forced him down into the seat and then 
snuggled up in his lap and placed the seatbelt around their middles.  
Keiichi only grinned and sat down on the bike and drove off.

     Urd quietly considered the idea.  She was the goddess of love.  These 
things were her job, even if she wasn't doing on "official orders".
	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*
     Tenchi had survived another day with out any major problems, well, I 
suppose you wouldn't call Ryoko a problem.  She had been begging him to come 
over for the evening but he knew what she had planned and had steadfastly 
refused on the grounds that he had too much studying to do.  The rest of the 
Auto Club was over at the shed working so Tenchi been 'forced' to skip the 
meeting due to his huge list of assignments he had to do that night(yeah 
right).
      He was lying on his bed, reading a short assignment for 'Intro to 
Architecture' when the phone rang.  As he was the only person in the dorm, 
it was his job to answer it.  It was UPS, just letting Tamiya know that his 
spare engine parts would be delivered in three days.  Tenchi dutifully wrote 
this down and then returned to his room.  He laid down on the bed again and 
continued reading.  It was then that he felt something lying across his 
back.  He glanced over his shoulder and saw the arm.
     He jumped out of bed with a shout and it was only then that he saw 
Ryoko lying on the bed beside him.
     "Ryoko!  What are you doing here?" he asked.
     "Since you wouldn't come over and see me, I came to see you.  There's 
nothing to do in my dorm," she complained.
     "You know you're not supposed to be here.  Would you please leave," 
asked Tenchi.
     "But Tenchi, why are you so mean to me?" she asked, her voice suddenly 
taking on a whiny tone.
     "I'm not trying to, Ryoko.  I just can't spend every free moment with 
you," explained Tenchi.
     "Who are you going to spend it with?  Urd? The Auto Club?" she 
retorted.
     "Urd? Why would I spend it with Urd?" asked a shocked Tenchi.
     "I saw the way she was looking at you last night.  Whether you realize 
it or not, she likes you," said Ryoko.       "I doubt it.  We've only met 
once," replied Tenchi.  "And yes, I will be spending some time with the Auto 
Club.  I am a member.  In fact, why don't you join?" suggested Tenchi.
     "Me, a grease monkey?  I don't think so," laughed Ryoko.
     "Belldandy's a member," added Tenchi.
     "So...wait, Belldandy?  She's part of the Auto Club?  I wonder how she 
stands it," wondered Ryoko.
     "Maybe, because she's in love," suggested Tenchi.
     "How'd you guess.  Wait a sec, she must really be desperate to join the 
Auto Club, just so she can be with Keiichi," realized Ryoko.
     "I suppose so," murmured Tenchi.
     "Hey, I'll join the Auto Club since  you're in it.  If you promise not 
to make me work on the engines.  You know how bad grease is for my skin," 
said Ryoko.
     "Okay, whatever," said Tenchi, grinning.
     "What are you smiling at?" she asked.
     "It's just funny," he said as he burst out laughing.
     "What is?" asked Ryoko.
     Then, Tamiya came around the corner.  "Hey Masaki---MASAKI!!!" he 
shouted.
     Tenchi looked up, and gulped.
     "You know the rules, Masaki.  What do they state about members of the 
opposite sex?" asked Tamiya.
     "No women are allowed in the dorm," recited Tenchi, his voice 
quavering.
     "You don't understand, sempai.  I couldn't force her to leave.  There 
was nothing I could do," said Tenchi as he tried to excuse himself.
     "Masaki, I'm sorry but you know the rules.  No women in the dorm.  Rule 
number 36 states that rule violators will be kicked out.  Sorry Masaki," he 
said as he grabbed a handful of Tenchi's things.
     Thirty seconds later, Tenchi, Ryoko, and a bag of his clothes and his 
books were dumped unceremoniously outside dorm C7.  "When you get another 
place to stay, you can have the rest of your things," said Tamiya.  "See you 
tomorrow at the Auto Club meeting."
     "Sure," said Tenchi with a moan.  "I knew this would happen.  I knew 
this would happen," Tenchi repeated to himself.
     "Don't blame it on me.  If you hadn't been talking so loud, I would 
have heard them and could have disappeared.  Oh well, looks like you'll be 
staying at my place after all," said Ryoko.
     "Are guys allowed to stay in a girl's room overnight?" asked Tenchi.
     "Not technically.  But that's only if you get caught.  Just don't leave 
the room," said Ryoko.
     "Ryoko, that'll never work.  I have to go to class in the morning," 
objected Tenchi.
     "Well, do you want to sleep out here, tonight?" asked Ryoko.  They were 
both already shivering in the cold.
     "Not really.  I guess I have no choice," groaned Tenchi.  "How were you 
planning to get me into your room in the first place?" he asked.
     "Easy---"
     Tenchi interrupted her.  "No way, I am not putting a dress on again," 
refused Tenchi.
     "Oh, come on.  It wasn't that bad last time, was it?" asked Ryoko, 
grinning.
     "Yes, and there is no way I'm going to do it again," said Tenchi, 
obstinately.
     "Be realistic.  It's the only way you're going to avoid sleeping under 
the stars tonight," said Ryoko.
     "I'm gonna head over to the clubhouse, maybe I can stay there for the 
night," said Tenchi.
     "You aren't going to get rid of me that easily," countered Ryoko as she 
hurried after him.
     Urd frowned.

     About while later, Tenchi and Ryoko arrived at the clubhouse.  
Keiichi's bike was still out front when they walked up.
     "I wonder what Keiichi's still doing here," commented Tenchi as he 
walked inside.  Tenchi went into the main room and sat down on one of the 
couches with a sigh.  "Great, now I'm stuck, living in the Auto Club dorm.  
At least I'll get used to the smell of motor oil," he complained.
     "My offer still stands," said Ryoko.
     "And again I must refuse," returned Tenchi.  Then, Keiichi entered from 
the garage.
     "Hey, what are you two doing here so late?" he asked.  Then realization 
struck him and he burst out laughing.  "Tenchi, did you get caught her in 
the dorm?" he asked, between laughs.
     Tenchi turned red.  "It wasn't my fault.  She sneaked in on me," he 
tried to explain.
     "Heh heh, the same thing happened to me with Belldandy," laughed 
Keiichi.  Then, he paused to consider something.  "If you need a place to 
sleep, you could bunk at my place for the night," he offered.
     "Thanks, I think I'll take you up on that offer," agreed Tenchi.
     "But Tenchi!" objected Ryoko.
     "Ryoko, I'll see you tomorrow," said Tenchi as he ran around and hopped 
into the passenger seat of the motorcycle with his bags.
     "Could you at least give me a ride back to my dorm?" asked Ryoko, 
plaintively.
     "Sure, why not," agreed Keiichi.
     When they arrived at her dorm, Ryoko tried once again to convince 
Tenchi to stay with her.
     "No, Ryoko.  It's against the rules and I'm already in enough trouble 
as it is," he refused.
     "Bye, Ryoko," Keiichi waved.
     She sighed and waved back, and then turned dejectedly towards her dorm.
     Again, Urd frowned.

     Ten minutes later, Keiichi and Tenchi arrived back at the house.  
Tenchi followed Keiichi up the walkway and into the house where Belldandy 
greeted them.
     "Hi Kei, oh and hi, Tenchi.  What a surprise," she exclaimed.
     "Sorry for keeping you up, Bell.  Tenchi got kicked out of Tamiya's 
dorm and he needed a place to stay for the night.  I hope you don't mind 
that I brought him over," explained Keiichi.
     "Oh, not at all.  Tenchi, you are welcome here as long as you like," 
said Belldandy.
     "Thanks, Belldandy.  I really appreciate it," said Tenchi with a bow.
     "Let me guess why you got kicked out.  A woman in the dorm?" guessed 
Belldandy.
     "How did you know?" asked Tenchi.
     "The same thing happened to Keiichi and I," explained Belldandy.
     Tenchi grinned.  "Hmm, what a coincidence."
     Just then, Urd walked in.  "Oh, hi Tenchi.  Wasn't expecting to see you 
here, tonight.  Guess you didn't go over to Ryoko's after all," she stated, 
matter-of-factly.
     "No, it didn't work out.  I kind of got kicked out of my dorm," said 
Tenchi, now becoming rather embarrassed by the whole thing.
     "Heh, I guess you could use a place to sleep.  You can sleep in my room 
if you want," offered Urd.
     Even Keiichi turned red at this remark.  "I think Tenchi'll sleep in my 
room," declared Keiichi before the situation turned bad.
     "Have you two already eaten?" asked Belldandy.
     "I did," said Tenchi.
     "Same here, Bell," said Keiichi.
     "Okay, would either of you like some tea?" she asked.
     "Sure, Bell, Tenchi?" asked Keiichi.
     "Sounds great," said Tenchi.
     "Okay, I'll be back in a second.  Make yourselves comfortable," 
suggested Belldandy as she turned and headed into the kitchen.
     Tenchi sat while Keiichi followed Belldandy into the kitchen to help 
her bring out the tea.   Just then, Skuld happens to walk into the room in 
her pajamas, yawning.
     "Skuld, what are you doing up?" asked Urd, rather sharply.
     "I just wanted to ask Belldandy something," answered Skuld.  "Hey 
Tenchi, what are you doing here?" she asked.
     "Umm, long story.  Maybe I'll tell you later," answered Tenchi, looking 
rather embarrassed.
     "You got kicked out of your dorm, same as Keiichi.  Didn't you?" she 
asked with a grin.
     "Uh, something like that," answered Tenchi, his face a burning red by 
this time.
     Keiichi walked in, followed by Belldandy.
     "Skuld, shouldn't you be in bed?" asked Belldandy.
     "Yeah, but I was wondering if I could have some ice cream before I went 
to bed?" asked Skuld.
     "Haven't you already had more than your fair share?" interjected Urd.
     "No one's asking you," retorted Skuld.  She glared at Urd.
     "Okay, but don't take too much.  We have to have some for tomorrow," 
agreed Belldandy.
     "Thanks, Belldandy," said Skuld as she hugged Belldandy.  Then she 
turned and stuck her tongue out at Urd.
     "She's such a brat," commented Urd as Skuld disappeared into the 
kitchen.  Belldandy placed a cup of tea in front of Tenchi before sitting 
down near Keiichi.
     "Mmmm, this is good, Bell," Keiichi complemented after he sipped his 
tea..
     "Thanks, Kei," returned Bell with a smile.
     "Yes, it is good," Tenchi observed.
     "Thank you, Tenchi," replied Belldandy.
     They drank their tea in silence for several moments before Urd finally 
decided to go to sleep.
     "Goodnight, I'll see you guys tomorrow," she said as she stood.
     "Goodnight, Urd," said the other three in unison.
     As she left the room, Belldandy placed her cup on the table.
     "So Tenchi, do you think you'll be able to find another place to stay?" 
she asked.
     "I hope so.  I know that all the other dorms are filled so I'm going to 
go get a job tomorrow and then I'll look for a place," explained Tenchi.
     Belldandy whispered something to Keiichi.  He looked oddly at her.  
Then he shook his head.  She frowned and then whispered something else.  
Again, he shook his head.
     "Belldandy, can we talk about this in the other room?" asked Keiichi, 
abruptly.
     "Okay," she agreed.  "We'll be right back," she told Tenchi, who nodded 
and continued to sip his tea.
     Keiichi followed Belldandy into the kitchen and then closed the doors.  
"Bell, you know this can't work.  We have enough problems trying to hide you 
and your sisters' identities from everybody already.  Having some one we 
don't know in the house will only make it a lot harder," explained Keiichi.
     "But Kei, look at him.  He's new in this town and he has no place to 
stay.  You know as well as I do that there aren't any apartments or places 
he could stay that he would be able to afford," Belldandy pleaded.
      "He could stay at the clubhouse.  Maybe there's another person at 
school who would be willing to share a room with him.  I don't know, but not 
here," continued Keiichi.
     "Keiichi, please.  Consider the circumstances.  The same thing happened 
to you.  The only difference is, Tenchi doesn't have a goddess to get him 
out of trouble.  You were lucky," Belldandy pleaded.  "Besides, I sense that 
there's something about him and his friend, Ryoko.  I'm not sure what it is, 
though," she continued.
     "Vague feelings and circumstances are all well and good.  But look at 
the practical side of things.  If he found out that you and/or your sisters 
are goddesses.  We could have all sorts of problems," objected Keiichi.
     "Please, Keiichi.  Just give him a chance.  I'll make sure Urd and 
Skuld don't reveal anything.  I promise," she was nearly crying now.
     Keiichi's conscience finally kicked in.  "Bell, if you really feel that 
strongly about it, I can live with it.  Just please, be careful," he said.  
Then they went back into the other room where Tenchi had finished his tea 
and was diligently reading Tamiya's Encyclopedia of Motorcycles and their 
Engines.
     Tenchi did not notice them when they sat down, he was so absorbed in 
his book.
     "Tenchi?  Enjoying the Encyclopedia?" said Keiichi.
     "Oh, yeah," replied Tenchi as he placed a bookmark and closed the 
over-sized book.
     "Belldandy and I have something to tell you," continued Keiichi.
     "We'd like to offer to let you stay here for as long as you want," said 
Belldandy.
     "I couldn't.  I mean, I wouldn't want to impose.  It looks like your 
house is full already and---"
     "Don't worry about it.  There's a second bed and plenty of space in my 
room.  Don't ever think that you'd be an imposition," said Keiichi.
     "Well, if you're sure it wouldn't be a problem.  Are you sure the 
others wouldn't mind?" asked Tenchi.
     "Of course not.  Besides, I doubt you'd ever find an apartment around 
here," answered Keiichi.
     "Well, all right.  I really appreciate this.  I'll find another place 
and get out of your way as soon as possible," said Tenchi.
     Tenchi yawned, "I'm tired.  I guess I'll see you guys in the morning."
     "I think I'll turn in as well," Keiichi said.
     "Okay, goodnight Tenchi.  Goodnight, Kei," Belldandy said.
     Tenchi nodded in agreement.  The three rose and went to their 
respective bedrooms.  On the way, Urd stopped Keiichi in the hall.
     "I need to talk, Keiichi," she said quietly.  He nodded and followed 
her back into the main room.

     "You want me to what?  I'm not your tool," Keiichi exclaimed.
     "Calm down, you only need to tell him one thing," Urd said.
     "Remember what happened last time you tried to jump-start a 
relationship?" Keiichi asked.
     "It's a little different considering it was my sister involved.  That 
doesn't normally happen," Urd answered.
     "What, did you get your position back or something?" Keiichi asked.
     "No, I just decided to get this one going.  Tenchi is having similar 
problems to what you had, only his inhibitions are more severe.  He needs 
someone with 'experience' to push him along," Urd explained.
     "Oh, I see.  So I'm supposed to play the good friend giving advice to 
the poor guy with love problems?" Keiichi observed.
     "Exactly.  Tenchi needs a little help.  Ryoko's getting desperate and I 
don't want to know what she might do if Tenchi doesn't snap out of it soon," 
Urd returned.
     "Yeah, but should we be messing with his love life?" Keiichi asked.
     "That's my job.  I am the goddess of love," Urd said.
     "So why don't you do it?" countered Keiichi.
     "Think about it, genius.  Do you really think Tenchi's going to take 
advice from someone like me?" Urd returned.
     "I see your point.  So now that I'm your not so willing servant, what 
do I have to say?" asked Keiichi.

     Ten minutes later, Keiichi and Tenchi were lying on their beds.
     "Hey Keiichi, do you mind if I ask a personal question?" asked Tenchi.
     "Sure, Tenchi.  Go ahead," answered Keiichi.
     "You and Belldandy seem so happy together.  What makes it so perfect?" 
asked Tenchi.
     "Hmmm.  I'm not sure.  I've never really thought about it.  I guess 
it's because we both love each other.  I mean, that may not have been how it 
originally happened.  But now, I care so deeply for her that I don't know 
what I would do if she had to leave.  One time she almost left, I was about 
to go crazy.  She's so perfect for me and I hope I'm the same for her.  It's 
just like, the first time I saw her, something clicked, and it all fell into 
place," explained Keiichi, choosing his words carefully.
     "Now my turn.  Are you and Ryoko serious?" asked Keiichi, Urd's words 
flowing through his head.  Sometimes, it seemed that Urd could actually be 
right.  He hoped she was right.
     "Well, I..I'm not sure.  Back where I lived, there were several girls 
who all were very good friends of mine.  Apparently, two of them, Ryoko and 
another girl named Aeka were both in love with me.  They were always 
fighting over me and it never ended, until one day.  Anyway, they both had 
to leave.  Ryoko was the one that came back, still proclaiming her love for 
me.  I had never really considered a love relationship with either one of 
them until she came back.  I had always liked both of them as friends but 
their fighting killed any thoughts I might have had of getting serious with 
either one.  Now that it's just Ryoko, I'm still not sure what to do," 
answered Tenchi, his words also carefully chosen so as to avoid revealing 
secrets.
     "Tenchi, can I give you a word of advice?" asked Keiichi.
     "Sure," replied Tenchi.
     "Don't mess around.  Even though I hardly know either of you, I can 
tell Ryoko really loves you.  I think you really love her too.  Follow your 
heart and don't keep putting it off," said Keiichi.
     Tenchi didn't respond for a few moments.  He just lay there and 
considered what Keiichi had said.  Then he made a decision.
     "Thanks, Keiichi," said Tenchi.
     "Anytime, Tenchi," yawned Keiichi.
     Tenchi promptly fell asleep.
     In the next room, Urd smiled.  "Good job, Keiichi," she thought.
	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*
     Another day had come.  Tenchi had awoken at the crack of dawn, mainly 
because he could hear Belldandy in the other room.  He slipped into a 
bathrobe and picked up his bag before quietly exiting the room.  Keiichi 
still lay sprawled across his bed, snoring.  Tenchi walked across the hall 
into the living room where the rays of sunlight were just falling across the 
window sill.  He laid his bag on the floor and walked over to admire the 
sunrise.  While he stood there, he considered Keiichi's advice again.  While 
he was deep in thought, Belldandy entered.  She had dressed for the day in 
blue shorts and a red t-shirt.
     "Good morning, Tenchi," she whispered.
     "Oh, good morning, Belldandy," he quickly replied as he turned around.  
"Beautiful sunrise today," he observed.
     "Yes, it is.  Sorry I woke you," she apologized.
     "Don't worry about it.  I've always been an early riser anyway," 
replied Tenchi.
     "Okay, Keiichi and Urd generally sleep later on weekends.  Skuld should 
be up any time though," said Belldandy.
     As if on cue, Skuld entered, stretching and yawning.  "Good morning," 
she yawned.
     "Good morning, sleep well?" asked Tenchi.
     "Great, that ice cream really put me to sleep," said Skuld.
     "Tenchi, there's hot water in the bath if you'd like to take one," 
offered Belldandy.
     "That'd be great. Thanks Belldandy," said Tenchi.
     He nodded again to Skuld before heading back towards the bathroom.

     After a quick bath, Tenchi was completely awake.  After cleaning up, he 
re-entered the living room where he could see Skuld typing away at her 
computer in the other room.  He could also hear Belldandy preparing 
breakfast in the kitchen.  He sat down on one of the cushions and was about 
to lose himself in thought when there was a light knock at the front door.
     "I'll get it," whispered Belldandy.  Tenchi saw her pass down the hall 
and then heard the front door opening.  "Hi, Ryoko," he heard her say.  
"Yes, he's up.  Please come in," she continued.
     Belldandy returned, followed by Ryoko.
     "Good morning, Tenchi," greeted Ryoko.
     "Same to you.  Survive without me?" asked Tenchi, a twinkle in his eye.
     Ryoko looked strangely at him before giving him a quick grin.
     "I managed.  The girls all missed you though.  They're dying to meet 
you," said Ryoko.
     "I'll bet, after what you've probably told them," retorted Tenchi.
     "Belldandy, how long will it be until breakfast?" asked Tenchi.
     "At least another half hour.  Keiichi won't be up until then unless 
he's changing his sleeping schedule for weekends," answered Belldandy.
     "I think Ryoko and I will go for a walk then," said Tenchi.
     Ryoko threw Tenchi another strange look and shrugged her shoulders.
     "Okay, see you in a little while," said Belldandy as she returned to 
the kitchen.
     Tenchi stood and followed Ryoko outside.  Out in the early morning 
light, the sky looked beautiful with it's hues of blue, purple, and pink.  
Tenchi stood on the porch and looked out over the yard.
     "Tenchi, did you wake up with a different personality?" asked Ryoko.
     "No, Ryoko, I made a decision," stated Tenchi, rather matter-of-factly.
     "This is something new.  What exactly was this decision," asked Ryoko.
     "Let's walk and I'll tell you on the way," suggested Tenchi.
     Ryoko, intrigued, nodded her head and followed him out through the gate 
and onto the sidewalk.  As they walked, side by side, down the sidewalk, 
Tenchi began.
     "Ryoko, we've known each other for over a year now.  You have told me 
you loved me at least a million times and tried to fight to make me yours.  
You know how much I hated you and Aeka fighting over me all the time.  Now, 
Aeka isn't here.  So be honest with me.  Do you really love me or was it all 
something to make Aeka mad?" asked Tenchi, looking Ryoko full in the face.
     Ryoko smiled before answering.  "I was wondering if you'd ever ask me 
that.  Tenchi, from the first day I met you, I've known we were meant to be. 
  Every time I said I loved you, I meant it.  I have been very serious about 
since that day when I first arrived here.  As I watched your powers develop 
and as you grew up, I loved you even more.  And yes, Tenchi, I still love 
you today," answered Ryoko.
     "Ryoko, that was what I wanted to hear.  I've been unsure about a lot 
of things and with all that's happened in the last 12 months, all I wanted 
to do was get back to normal.  Well, now that I've done that, it's time to 
move on in life.  My feelings for you have developed into something more 
than friendship since we met.  I can honestly say that I didn't 'love' you 
back before Kagato.  I've been wrestling with my feelings ever since.  I'm 
still not sure exactly how this kind of thing works.  But I think I'm 
supposed to say, I love you, right now.  I'm still not ready to jump 
headlong into a relationship but we can give it a chance," said Tenchi, his 
voice betraying his emotions.
     "Oh Tenchi, do you know how long I've wanted to hear you say that?  
It's been hard, having you always push me away but it was worth it, just to 
hear you say that," said Ryoko as she embraced him.
     They held onto each other for what seemed like an eternity.  Then, 
Tenchi ended the moment.  He took her by the shoulders and looked her in the 
eyes.  Then Ryoko leaned forward to kiss him.  Tenchi stared at her face for 
a second and then slowly, a bit unsteadily perhaps, he forced his own face 
forward.  When their lips touched, Tenchi pulled back at first.  This caused 
Ryoko to strain forward even more.  Then, Tenchi gave into emotion and 
returned her kiss.  Tentatively at first, and then with more confidence.  
Finally, Ryoko pulled away.
     "Don't get carried away.  We haven't even had breakfast yet," said 
Ryoko with a giggle.
     Tenchi smiled back and then placed an arm around her shoulder and they 
returned to the house, Ryoko's head on Tenchi's shoulder.
     A little ways behind them, invisible, Urd smiled again, her mission 
complete.  "That was all too easy," she congratulated herself.
End of Part 1

     That afternoon, Belldandy and Ryoko were in the kitchen where Belldandy 
was attempting to teach Ryoko how to cook rice.  She did not succeed very 
well.  It seemed that Ryoko just did not seem fit for house work.  She would 
lose interest and then she would wander around and make random comments 
about anything that occurred.  It took all of Belldandy's incredible 
temperament just to keep Ryoko in the kitchen.
     A parallel situation was occurring out in the garage.  Keiichi and 
Megumi were trying to instruct Tenchi in the basics of engine repair and 
design.  It wasn't that Tenchi didn't try to learn.  He really did.  The 
fact was that he found engines incredibly boring, much as Keiichi and Megumi 
loved them.  Unlike Ryoko, Tenchi stuck it out and actually learned 
something.  By the end of the afternoon, Tenchi could change the oil in the 
motorcycle and replace tires, not a bad start for someone who was intending 
on becoming an architect.
     Six o'clock approached and Keiichi's stomach began to grumble.  "I sure 
am glad we have Belldandy in the kitchen.  She can feed the hungriest person 
or a whole mob of them," commented Keiichi.
     "I could not agree more," agreed Tenchi.  His own stomach began to 
complain about its emptiness.
     "Tenchi, I'm impressed.  You've learned a lot for someone who knew 
nothing about engines," complimented Megumi.
     "Thanks, Megumi.  All I know I've either learned from you or Tamiya's 
holy book of Motorcycles and their Engines," he continued.
     They all laughed at this, just as Skuld came in.
     "What have you guys been doing?" she asked.
     "Teaching Tenchi how to change the oil and the tires on this bike," 
answered Keiichi.
     "Heh, Tenchi, you having fun?" she asked.
     "Yeah, I'm loving every minute of it," he remarked sarcastically.  "No, 
I guess I must admit that I find this kind of stuff pretty boring.  But now 
that I can actually do something, it seems a little more interesting," he 
continued in a more serious tone.
     "Dinner's ready," called Belldandy from the other room.
     "Great, I'm starving," Keiichi stated as he rose to his feet.
     "Same here," echoed Megumi and Tenchi.  They followed him and Skuld 
into the other room.
     There was a huge, steaming pot of rice and all the necessary 
condiments.
     "Wow, I love rice!  This looks great," said an excited Skuld.
     "I'm glad, Skuld.  Did you know that Ryoko helped me make this?" said 
Belldandy.
     Tenchi looked suspiciously at Belldandy.  "Ryoko, cook?  I didn't know 
those words could be used in the same sentence," he commented.
     Ryoko took on an air of hurt resentment, albeit very sarcastically.  
"What do you mean?  I can cook, I've just never done it before," she 
retorted.
     Then, she and Tenchi burst out laughing and they were soon joined by 
the rest of the group.  Then, Urd walked in.  Her sullen demeanor put an 
immediate damper on everybody's happiness.
     "Hi, Urd.  Have a good nap?" asked Skuld.
     "Wonderful, Skuld.  Who was making all the racket?" Urd asked.
     "Oops, that probably was us," said Keiichi with a guilty look on his 
face.  Urd's glare made his face drop quickly to his plate.
     They began to eat their rice.
     "Mmm, this is good, Belldandy," said Tenchi as he took a bite of the 
rice.
     "Why thank you, Tenchi.  But don't forget that Ryoko also helped," 
Belldandy reminded him.
     "Oh right, this is good, Ryoko," he added.
     "Thanks Tenchi," said Ryoko.  She grinned at Tenchi.
     He returned the grin.
     Urd noted this with no small amount of satisfaction.

     That evening, Tenchi finally figured out how the shock absorber worked 
on the motorcycle.  With a shout of exultation, he rose to his feet as he 
finished explaining the concept to Keiichi.  Ryoko, Belldandy, and Urd came 
running in to see what all the commotion was about.
     "What's all the noise for?" Ryoko asked.  Tenchi glanced at her and 
started laughing.
     "What, what? What are you laughing at?" she asked.  Then Belldandy also 
started laughing.  Before long, they were all laughing except for Ryoko.
      "WHAT'S SO FUNNY?" Ryoko shouted.
      Tenchi stopped laughing long enough to point at her nose.  Ryoko's 
eyes followed his finger to her nose.  Then she blushed.  At the end of her 
nose was an almost perfectly round clump of whipped cream.
      Skuld reached up with a finger, swiped half of the cream, and then 
stuck it in her mouth.  "Mmm, tasty," she commented.
     This elicited another peal of laughter from Tenchi and Keiichi.
     When they finally managed to stop laughing, Tenchi asked Ryoko, "What 
have you been doing?"
     "Working on a cake for all you hard-working mechanics, of course," she 
said.
     "You're really getting into this cooking thing, aren't you?" Megumi 
asked.
     "You'd better believe it," Ryoko said.
     "She's gotten a lot better even since this afternoon.  It's amazing how 
quickly she's learned," Belldandy observed.
     "The cake will be ready in a couple of minutes so you guys better get 
cleaned up," Ryoko suggested.

     Five minutes later, all seven of them squeezed around the small table 
in the main room.
     Skuld was the first to finish her piece of the cake.
     "I love chocolate cake.  Thanks for making it, Belldandy and Ryoko," 
she said.
     "Yes, thank you.  It was very delicious," Urd added.
     "You're welcome," Belldandy and Ryoko said in unison.
     "I guess I really oughta head back to the dorm.  I don't want to keep 
you guys up all night," Ryoko said.
     "Don't leave just yet," Tenchi said as he rose.  He walked over and 
placed his arm around Ryoko's shoulder.  Then they walked out onto the 
porch.

     "Keiichi, can we?" Belldandy inquired.
     "Bell, you know how packed we are, even with Tenchi.  How can we fit 
another one in here?" Keiichi asked.
     "She can stay in my room.  One more person won't hurt us," Belldandy 
continued.
     "Bell, this isn't going to turn into a house for everyone who has a sob 
story and a run of bad luck.  Besides, Ryoko all ready has a place to stay.  
She doesn't need to stay here," Keiichi countered.
     "But Kei, look at them," she motioned towards the window.  The 
silhouette of Tenchi and Ryoko embracing on the porch could be seen through 
the screen.  Keiichi looked at them and sighed.
     "Bell, are we still like that?" he asked.
     "Oh Keiichi.  I hope so.  My love for you have never abated at all," 
Belldandy assured him.
     Keiichi smiled and answered, "Same here, Bell."
     They also embraced.
     "I guess I can't stand in the way of love.  You've convinced me.  You 
get to tell them though," Keiichi gave in.
     "Thank you, Keiichi," Belldandy whispered.  Her tears of joy silently 
fell on his shoulder.

     Out on the porch, Ryoko was also crying.  "Why am I crying?  Just 
because I'm leaving for the night?  I've never been emotional like this 
before," she said as the tears flowed.
     Tenchi said nothing but held her tight.
     Just then,  Belldandy walked out onto the porch with Keiichi close 
behind her.
     "Can we talk with you?" Belldandy asked.
     Ryoko brought her head off Tenchi's shoulders and wiped away the tears.
     "Keiichi and I have come to a decision.  As we have all ready invited 
Tenchi to stay with us, Ryoko, we would like you to stay with us as well.  
Assuming of course, that you want to," Belldandy explained.
     "Are you sure?  Seven people in this place will be pretty packed.  I 
really wouldn't want to impose," Ryoko responded.
     "Like we told Tenchi,  you will never be an imposition.  As far as 
we're concerned, you're just part of the family," Keiichi broke in.  
Belldandy smiled at him.
     When Ryoko heard this, she embraced Tenchi again.  While Tenchi was 
hugging Ryoko, he smiled at Belldandy and Keiichi.  "Thanks," he whispered.
	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*
     Classes resumed on Monday.  Over the weekend, Belldandy had helped 
Ryoko to settle in to her new room.  What little she had, she brought with 
her.  (For all of you who were wondering where Ryo-Ohki is all this time, 
she stayed with Washu since there were no pets were allowed on campus)
     By the end of the week, Tenchi was an almost decent mechanic due to a 
rigorous course of study designed by Tamiya.  He spent nearly every evening 
over at the clubhouse, working on some part of one of the club's old 
motorcycles.  It even seemed that he began to take an interest in what he 
was doing.  On more than one occasion, one of the girls would walk into 
their room to find them discussing the finer points of different motorcycles 
and or parts of those motorcycles.  Ryoko had spent most of her time, 
watching Tenchi.  Urd had warmed up to Ryoko rather quickly and they spent 
one night 'out on the town' together.
     Saturday arrived.  After begging off another 'training' from Tamiya, 
Tenchi went job hunting.  When he returned home that afternoon, it was to 
everyone's surprise that he announced that he had been hired at a mechanic's 
shop.
     "I thought you found engines 'incredibly boring'," said Ryoko.
     "Well, this last week has changed my opinion some what," returned 
Tenchi.
     "Looks like we have another grease monkey in the house," Urd observed.  
Skuld giggled.
     "So, what's your work schedule like?" Keiichi asked.
     "I'm working Monday and Thursday evening, and Saturday," Tenchi said.
     "Okay, just one more question.  How did someone like you get hired at a 
mechanic shop?" Megumi asked.
     "Well, I told them that I was part of Nekomi Tech's Auto Club.  That 
seemed to impress them a bit so they asked me a few questions which, thanks 
to you guys help, I knew.  Then, the head mechanic asked to fix a broken 
shock absorber to demonstrate that I really knew my stuff.  While it wasn't 
a motorcycle shock, it was close enough that I could fix it.  Wasn't all 
that difficult really," Tenchi explained.
     "Hmm, I'm sure your dad's going to be thrilled that his son is now a 
grease monkey," Ryoko observed.  Tenchi grinned sheepishly.
     "I guess I'd better get back to work.  We've still got dinner to make," 
Ryoko said as she walked back into the kitchen.
     "Before you go, I've got a question for you," Tenchi remarked.
     "Oh?" Ryoko turned.
     "Since when do like doing housework and cooking?  Back home, you were 
the lazy one," Tenchi asked.
     "I don't know.  Never really thought about it.  I guess it's just 
Belldandy rubbing off on me," Ryoko laughed.  Now, it was Belldandy's turn 
to giggle.   Then they all laughed.

     Monday arrived again, and everyone except for Skuld and Urd were at 
school.  Urd was drinking some sake in the kitchen when there was a knock at 
the door.
     "You get it, Urd," Skuld called from the other room.
     "Lazy brat," Urd muttered to herself as she walked down the hall to the 
door.  When she opened it, a strange sight greeted her.  There stood before 
her, a rather tall figure with a cape that covered the figure's face and 
extended to just below the figure's waist.
     "May I, uh, help you?" Urd asked.  Then she noticed the growling, 
hissing, cat-like rabbit-like thing at the figure's feet.
     "Yes, does Ryoko live here?" the figure asked.
     "Umm, who want's to know?" Urd returned.
     The figure pulled back the top of the cape to reveal a woman with 
purple hair and black markings on her face.  "Nagi wants to know," Nagi 
answered.
     "Well, she does live here but she's kinda at school right now," Urd 
answered.
     "At school?  Ryoko, at school?" Nagi burst out laughing.  "Surely you 
jest?"
     "No, she really is at school," Urd said again.
     Nagi continued to laugh while Urd started to inch backwards.  "When 
will she return?" Nagi asked, suddenly becoming serious.
     "Around two, that's when her last class get's out," Urd said.
     "All right, I'll wait here," Nagi said as she started to walk in.
     "Hold on a sec.  No one said you could just barge in here.  Just 
because you're 'Nagi' and you have black cape and you're tall, doesn't mean 
you can do what ever you want," Urd said as she blocked Nagi's path.
     "Oh, may I wait here then?" Nagi asked.
     "Sure, come on in," Urd said.  She lead her into the sitting room where 
Urd had placed her sake on the table.  "Want some sake?" Urd asked.
     "I suppose," Nagi answered.
     Urd retrieved another sake from the refrigerator and gave it to Nagi.  
Then she continued to drink her own.

     Three hours later, Ryoko and Belldandy walked in, Belldandy first.
     "Oh, who is this?" she asked when she saw Nagi.
     Then, Ryoko walked in.  "Nagi," she said, her voice filled with hatred. 
  "Don't you ever give up?"
     "You know better than that," Nagi said as she rose from her seat.  
Then, Skuld came running into the room, laughing.
     "Nagi, Ken-Ohki is so cute.  Where'd you get him?" Skuld asked.
     "You wouldn't believe me if I told you," Nagi answered.
     When Ken-Ohki saw Ryoko, he immediately started to hiss and spit.
     "Ken-Ohki, what's wrong?" Skuld asked, starting to sound like Sasami.
     Nagi turned back to Ryoko.  "Are you sufficiently healed to be able to 
fight, now?" Nagi asked.
     "More than ever.  I've been waiting to finish you for some time," Ryoko 
said.
     Nagi smiled, "Now's your chance."
     Then, Ryoko's anger dissolved for a second.
     "We shouldn't do it in a temple.  We'd better take it out to the 
street," Ryoko suggested.
     "Point conceded, after you," Nagi agreed.
     "Excuse me for being rude, but may I ask just what exactly is going on 
here?" Urd asked.
     "Long story," Ryoko said as she went outside, followed by Nagi.
     "Wow, they're gonna fight.  Cool," Skuld observed as she followed them.
     "Uh-uh, kid.  You aren't going anywhere," Urd said as grabbed Skuld by 
the shoulder before Skuld could leave.
     Skuld spun around, "Leave me alone," she said angrily.
     "Skuld, sometimes you just don't want to learn," Urd said as the first 
explosion rocked the house.
     "What was that?" Belldandy wondered as she walked outside.
     When she walked through the doorway, she saw Ryoko unleash a blast of 
energy that narrowly missed Nagi.  Then, Nagi slashed at Ryoko with her 
energy sword and also missed.
     "What are you two doing," she asked.
     They both stopped long enough to look at her.
     "Belldandy, don't get involved.  This has to happen sometime," Ryoko 
said.
     "What does?" Belldandy continued as her two sisters came out and stood 
by her side.
     "Belldandy, it really doesn't matter if you know or not.  Now please 
excuse me," said Nagi as she again attacked Ryoko.  This time, Ryoko wasn't 
fast enough and the energy whip caught her in the side and she screamed with 
pain.
     "Wow," Skuld said as she saw the energy whip return to Nagi's hand.
     Again, the energy whip struck and Ryoko ended up helpless on the 
ground.  "You've gotten soft, Ryoko," Nagi said as she walked over to finish 
Ryoko off.
     Just then, Keiichi's motorcycle pulled up and Tenchi hopped off the 
back.       "Nagi, stop," he screamed at the top of his voice.
     "Stay out of this Tenchi," Nagi returned.
     As Tenchi ran toward them, Nagi's pistol came out.  "Tenchi, if you 
come any closer, I'll kill you," Nagi warned.
     Tenchi put on his Jurai ring and transformed into Jurai Battle mode, 
his sword in had.  "Go ahead and try," he said as he charged forward.  
Nagi's pistol fired twice but Tenchi deflected both shots with his blade.  
With a scream of rage, he arced his sword over his head and brought it down 
on Nagi's own.  His blade went directly through her's and it took all of 
Nagi's skill to get out of the way.  When she leaped away, he stood over 
Ryoko.
     When he saw the burn marks from the whip, he fell to his knees and 
began to weep.  Ryoko woke up enough to see Tenchi and she smiled.  "Tenchi, 
don't cry.  I'll be okay," she whispered.
     Tenchi took her hand and put his face against it.  When his face came 
up again, it was twisted with rage.  "Nagi, you'll pay for this," he 
screamed.
     He charged at Nagi, who had landed about twenty feet from him after 
avoiding his blow.  His sword easily deflected more shots from her pistol 
and then her whip.
     Nagi leaped again but Tenchi caught her in the side as she did.  The 
sword went through her side like a hot knife through butter and she screamed 
in agony and fell to the ground., clutching her side and moaning.
     When Tenchi saw Nagi lying on the ground, he started to calm down.  The 
three goddesses and Keiichi were all in shock at seeing such a display of 
anger.  While they stood there, Tenchi ran over to Ryoko and helped her sit 
up.  "What happened to Nagi?" she asked.
     "She won't be bothering you anymore," Tenchi assured her.  Ryoko's face 
became horrified.
     "You didn't kill her, did you?" Ryoko asked.
     "Does it matter?  She tried to kill you.  No, she's not dead, at least 
not yet," Tenchi said.
     Ryoko tried to stand but couldn't.  "Tenchi, I'll be okay.  Go help 
Nagi," Ryoko said.
     "No way, not while you're hurt," Tenchi returned.
     "Tenchi, go," Ryoko pleaded.
     By now, Belldandy had come out of her stupor and had rushed over to 
Nagi.  She focused her power and cast a healing spell on Nagi.  While the 
wound did not immediately heal up, the bleeding stopped and Nagi awoke.  She 
groaned from the pain in her side.
     When Urd finally got back in touch with reality, all she could say was, 
"What happened?"

     A few minutes later, the whole group was sitting in the living room, 
with the exception of Nagi who was lying on a tatami mat.  Since it was no 
longer possible to hide the fact that Tenchi had his power and Ryoko could 
fly, the two explained the whole story(see Tenchi Universe Series) to 
everyone there.
     After they finished, only stunned silence greeted them.  Then, Keiichi 
glanced at Belldandy.  "Hmm, so we have a former space pirate, a possible 
ruler of the entire universe, and an intergalactic bounty hunter, all under 
one roof.  Go figure," he commented.
     Nagi sat up with a groan and turned to Ryoko.  "Looks like you finally 
got your wish.  Tenchi's yours.  Maybe we should just call off this feud.  I 
don't think I have a chance of winning with Tenchi at your side," Nagi 
observed.  Then she turned to Belldandy.  "I see that you have some sort of 
healing powers.  Interesting," Nagi observed.
     Belldandy glanced at Keiichi and he returned the startled glance.  
"Well, uh, umm.  Keiichi, you tell them," Belldandy suggested.
     Keiichi glanced at her and then gulped audibly.  He then launched into 
a very abbreviated account of their story(see OMG OVA).
     "So, I guess we all had some secrets to tell.  Now that we've told all, 
now what?" Ryoko asked.
     "Well, for one.  Nagi needs to rest.  I may be able to provide some 
healing but nothing beats a good night's sleep," Belldandy answered.
     "Sounds good to me," Nagi said as she lay back down on the mat.
	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*
      After Nagi had rested sufficiently to be able to walk without much 
pain she and Ken-Ohki had left for the deep reaches of space.  Although 
Ryoko and Nagi still greatly disliked each other, Belldandy had convinced 
them to give up their fight, at least for a couple of years.  With another 
loose end tied up, it seemed to Tenchi that life might actually start to 
return to normal.  Perhaps, at least, for a little while.
     Keiichi and Megumi had begun to give Tenchi some advanced lessons on 
motorcycle construction and maintenance.  With each successive day, he 
learned a little bit more.  Even Tamiya complimented him on his progress.  
Tenchi's job at the mechanic shop had also turned out well.  As his skill 
increased, he brought home reports of high praise from his boss.
     Ryoko also began to excel at cooking.  By the time spring break 
arrived, she was able to prepare a full meal by herself.  Of course, this 
rarely happened as Belldandy enjoyed cooking as much as Ryoko had grown to 
love it.  Tenchi noticed some changes in Ryoko as the time passed.  She 
seemed to be a little less lazy and once, he caught her humming while she 
straightened her and Belldandy's room.
     Tenchi had written his father and asked if he could invite the whole 
gang to their house for spring break.  When the letter finally arrived from 
his father, Tenchi could hardly wait to open it.  The first words of the 
letter confirmed his excitement.
     "Hey Ryoko, come here," he called into the kitchen where she and 
Belldandy were cooking.
     "Coming, dearest Tenchi," she called, mockingly.
     He grinned as she walked through the door, her kimono making her look 
all the more beautiful.  "What does my beloved require?" she asked.
     As he showed her the letter, they could both hear Skuld guffawing eh 
shhejsklsin the other room.  When she finished reading it, she said, "That's 
great.  When do you want to tell them?"
     "How about at dinner," Tenchi suggested.
     "Tell us what?" the ever attentive Skuld asked as she walked in.
     "You'll find out soon enough," Tenchi grinned.
     "What's with you two talking like that?" Skuld asked.
     "Talking like what?" Ryoko asked.
     "You know.  Al l that 'dearest Tenchi' and stuff," Skuld persisted.
     "It's a secret.  You'll learn when you grow up," Ryoko replied, 
laughing.
     "I wanna know now," Skuld demanded.
     Ryoko just continued to laugh and received a whack on the head from 
Skuld's mallet by way of reply.
     "Why, you little brat.  I oughta," Ryoko's face grew angry and an 
orange fireball started to form in her hand.
     "Ryoko, let it be," Tenchi ordered as he stepped between the two of 
them.
     Ryoko glared at Skuld who just laughed, stuck her tongue out, and 
walked into the other room.  Immediately, Ryoko's demeanor changed back to 
the former state.
     "My presence is required in the kitchen if I am to complete your 
dietary supplements, my lord Tenchi," she said as she walked back into the 
kitchen.  Tenchi smirked before sitting down at the table.

     When Ryoko finally called everyone in for dinner and placed the food on 
the table, a collective cheer went up from all present.  The steaming hot 
rice had been cooked  to perfection.  Everything was perfect.  The group 
rewarded Ryoko and Belldandy's hard work by quickly demolishing the towering 
pot of rice.
     "That was deeee-licious, Belldandy," Skuld said.
     "Thank you, Skuld.  But don't forget that Ryoko did just as much as I 
did," Belldandy reminded her.
     "Oh yeah," Skuld said,  unenthusiastically.
     Then it was Tenchi's turn.  "We have an announcement to make or rather, 
an invitation to all of you.  I have asked my father and he has agreed, if 
you guys want, to invite you all out to our place for spring break," Tenchi 
explained.
     "Sounds great.  What do you think, Bell?" Keiichi asked.
     "I've never been to the country.  I'd love to go," she answered, more 
than a little excited.
     "Urd?" Keiichi continued.
     "Sure, why not.  I could use a little break from all this city 
pollution.  It'll be good for my skin," Urd answered.
     "Skuld?" Keiichi continued.
     "Yeah, that'd be great.  It must be fun to live out in the country," 
Skuld answered.
     "Megumi?" Keiichi asked.
     Megumi, who was absorbed in finishing up her dinner, did not reply.
     "Meg?" Keiichi repeated.
     "What, oh sorry.  Sure, I'd love to go," Megumi answered as she looked 
up.
     "Okay, look's like our decision is unanimous.  We'd better start 
packing," Keiichi said.

     The next day passed quickly as they packed for the trip.  In the 
afternoon, Tenchi and Ryoko disappeared into the city, saying they would be 
back after a while.
     A couple of hours later, a Kawasaki Ninja pulled up with two riders on 
it.  Though it was immediately apparent who the riders were, Keiichi still 
looked shocked when they walked up.
     "Tenchi, where'd you get that?" he asked, rather surprised.
     "Oh, this.  I've been meaning to get it for a while.  But I just earned 
enough money in the last week to actually pay for it.  Since you got me into 
motorcycles, I figured I'd better have my own.  It wouldn't be proper for a 
member of the Auto Club not to have his own set of wheels," Tenchi 
explained.
     "Yeah, but a racing bike?" Keiichi continued.
     "Oh that?  I've always liked motorcross and since I'm gonna get a bike, 
why not get the kind I like best?"  Tenchi returned.
     "I see, well congratulations.  You're only the second person in the 
Auto Club to get that kind of motorcycle.  I know the Auto Club doesn't do a 
lot of motorcross type events but Tamiya  will probably decide to now that 
we have two people with racing bikes.  I presume Ryoko enjoys this too?" 
Keiichi asked.
     "I love it," Ryoko confirmed, not talking endlessly for some reason.
     "Well, now that you've got transportation.  It will be easier for us to 
get to your place.  Urd and Skuld can get there on their own and I suppose 
Belldandy could too but she's going to ride with me and I presume Ryoko  
will ride with you," Keiichi continued.
     "Sounds good to me, when do you want to leave to morrow?" Tenchi asked.
     "Probably by nine or so," Keiichi answered.
     "Okay, Ryoko and I are going to go take the new 'crotch-rocket' as the 
Americans say it out for another spin," Tenchi said with a laugh.
     Keiichi also grinned and shook his head as he went back inside to help 
Belldandy.

     The next day, everyone was up, bright and early, except for two.
     "Urd, wake up," Skuld said as she shook her sister.
     Urd groaned and rolled over.  In another room, the same thing was 
happening simultaneously.
     "Ryoko, it's time to get up," Belldandy urged as she stood by Ryoko's 
bed.
     Ryoko also groaned and sat up.  "What time is it?" she asked.
     "Eight o'clock," Belldandy answered.
     "Oh man, I didn't even know there was an eight o'clock before I came to 
this place.  Oh well, time to go see good old Nobiyuki the perv," she said 
as she stood up.
     "Nobiyuki the perv?" Belldandy asked, her eyes widening.
     "Oh, didn't Tenchi tell you guys.  Nobiyuki takes great pleasure in 
viewing us women in compromising situations, such as naked in the bathtub or 
other such things," Ryoko said, bluntly.
     "He does?" Belldandy asked, shocked.
     "Yeah, you get used to it after a while.  See, he's not all that good 
at it and he generally makes a full out of himself, so don't worry about it. 
  Washu's made a private bath for us so he can't spy on us anyway," Ryoko 
explained.
     Belldandy didn't look all that relieved.

     Tenchi and Ryoko both rode on Tenchi's new bike while Keiichi, 
Belldandy, and Megumi all rode on or in Keiichi's bike(depending on how you 
look at it).  Urd and Skuld insisted that they would arrive safely, saying 
that they had their own mode of transportation.
     When they arrived, no one greeted them.  Tenchi hopped off the bike as 
Keiichi pulled up.
     While Keiichi was getting off the bike, he commented, "Long ride."
     "Yeah, it was fun though.  I don't think I've ever felt the wind like 
that before,"  remarked Tenchi.
     "Are Skuld and Urd here, yet?" Ryoko asked.
     "I'm sure they're around here somewhere," Belldandy answered as she 
stood and walked over.
     "Well, I'm sure dad is dying to meet all my new friends so we'd better 
get moving," Tenchi commented.
     He lead them through the front door and found Urd and Nobiyuki draining 
down glasses of sake in the living room.
     "Hi, Dad," Tenchi greeted his somewhat inebriated father.
     "Oh, hi Tenchi.  You didn't tell me you had met more beautiful girls.  
You sure have all the luck," Nobiyuki said as he poured himself some more 
sake.
     "Hi, Tenchi.  You dad is actually rather nice.  Skuld and I have only 
been here a few minutes but she already disappeared somewhere with that 
little red, Little Washu or something like that," Urd said as she stood.
      Ryoko helped herself to some of the sake while Tenchi lead Keiichi and 
Belldandy upstairs before Nobiyuki could make anymore comments.
     "My father isn't always like this," he assured them as they reached the 
top of the stairs.  Down below, they could hear Urd, Ryoko, and Nobiyuki 
having a grand, old time.
     Keiichi only smiled and then asked, "So how will the sleeping 
arrangements work?"
     "I was thinking that you could sleep in my room.  Belldandy and Urd can 
sleep in Aeka's old room, and I think Washu can provide a place for Skuld," 
Tenchi explained.
     Just then, a little portal opened in the hallway and Washu and Skuld 
walked out, chattering rapidly about some sort of new device Washu was 
working on.
     "Hi, Tenchi.  Long time, no see, eh?" Washu said.
     "Hi, Little Washu.  I see you've met Skuld.  This is Keiichi and this 
is Belldandy," he said.
     "Nice to meet you, I'm Little Washu," Washu said as she extended a 
hand, which Keiichi took.
     "So, you're the Washu I heard so much about," Keiichi observed.
     "Yes, I am Little Washu, the greatest genius in the universe," Washu 
said.
     "You are the greatest, Washu,"  Washu puppet A said.
     "Yeah, Washu, you're so smart," Washu puppet B said.
     Belldandy and Skuld giggled.
     "I see you two have hit it off pretty well," Tenchi observed.
     "Washu is sooo smart.  She's even smarter than me," Skuld said, 
excitedly.
     "What can I say, I am the greatest genius in the universe," Washu 
commented.
     "Yeah, well, anyway.  Washu, can Skuld sleep in your room or where ever 
it is you sleep because there aren't any other rooms in the house," Tenchi 
asked.
     "Sure, no problem.  By the way, welcome home, Tenchi," Washu said.
     "Thanks, Little Washu.  We'll see you guys later," Tenchi said.
     "Bye," Washu and Skuld said in unison as they disappeared.
     Keiichi and Belldandy went to put their things in their rooms while 
Tenchi went back downstairs.  He found Urd and Ryoko drinking away while his 
father had passed out on the couch.
     "Hey Tenchi, want some sake?" Ryoko asked.
     "No thanks.  What happened to dad?" Tenchi asked.
     "He got a little too drunk," Urd replied, and laughed.  So did Ryoko.
     Tenchi just sighed and then dragged his father into his room and 
dropped him on his bed.  Then he went to his own room and fell on his own 
bed, asleep.

     Two hours later, Ryoko awakened him.  "Get up, lazy bone," she said as 
she gently prodded him
     He groaned and sat up.  "What?" he mumbled.
     "It's almost dinner time," she said as her lips latched onto his.
     This woke him up, very quickly.  He gently pushed her away.  "Not right 
now, Ryoko," he suggested.
     She took on an air of disappointment.  "What?  Don't you like that?" 
she asked, pitifully.
     "Yes, I do enjoy it.  But like you said, it's time for dinner," he 
answered as he stood.
     "Boo, you're no fun," Ryoko pouted.
     He grinned and then stood.  Ryoko followed him downstairs.
     When he walked into the kitchen, Belldandy was putting the finishing 
touches on the meal for the day, hamburgers.
     "You know how to make hamburgers, Belldandy?" Tenchi asked, surprised.
     "Well, this is the first time I've done it.  Your father suggested it 
because he had so much of the stuff.  I hope you like it," she said.
     "Don't worry, I love hamburgers.  Besides, I don't think it's possible 
for you to make something that isn't good," Tenchi said.
     "Thank you, Tenchi," Belldandy said with a smile.  Then Keiichi walked 
in.
     "Whatever you're making smells great, Bell," he complimented.
     "Thank you, Kei.  I hope you like hamburgers," she said.
     "Hamburgers?  I love them," he declared.
     By this time, the rest of the group had congregated in the kitchen so 
Ryoko and Belldandy quickly served up the meal and they all ate.
     As soon as Nobiyuki finished his hamburger, he spoke to Tenchi.  "Aeka 
and Sasami will be here sometime this evening.  I think Mihoshi and Kiyone 
might even make it for part of the week."
     "Aeka?  Did you invite her?" Tenchi asked, the blood draining from his 
face.
     "Of course.  I figured that since you'd be home, there was no reason 
why we couldn't have a little reunion of sorts," Nobiyuki said, grinning.
     "This is great.  It'll be good to taste Sasami's cooking again," Washu 
commented.  "Not that there's anything wrong with Ryoko's," she quickly 
added before Ryoko could draw any conclusions from her previous statement.
     Just then, there was a knock at the door.
     Tenchi gulped loudly before standing.  "I'll get it," he said quietly.
      He walked to the front door and before he opened it, he gulped again.  
Then, he opened it.
End of Part 2

     Tenchi heard his name shouted by two female voices before being knocked 
over by Sasami as she hugged him.
     "Hi, Sasami," he said as he sat up.
     "I missed you so much," she said as she hugged him,
     "I missed you too," Tenchi responded as he awkwardly returned her 
embrace.  Behind them, Aeka smiled politely.
     "Lord Tenchi, it is good to see you again," she greeted, demurely.
     "And you, Miss Aeka," Tenchi said as Sasami clambered off of him and 
dashed into the kitchen.
     A very loud and excited "MIYA" echoed through the house as Sasami and 
Ryo-Ohki were re-united.
     "Come in," Tenchi motioned as he stood.  Aeka stepped past him before 
giving him a hug of her own, which caught him rather off guard.  She 
whispered, "I missed you so."
     Ryoko walked in, just in time to see Aeka embrace Tenchi, though she 
noted with some small satisfaction that the embrace was not returned very 
enthusiastically.
     "Welcome back, Princess," Ryoko said as Aeka released Tenchi.
     "What are you doing here?" Aeka asked with disdain.
     "I live here...well...sort of," Ryoko answered.
     "What?  You live here?" Aeka responded, appalled at the thought.
     "That's right, Princess," Ryoko answered, a smirk forming on her face.
     "Why don't we go in and see the others," Tenchi broke in before a fight 
could develop.
     "Yes, why don't we," Aeka agreed, her eyes locked on Ryoko's.
     The three of them walked back into the kitchen where the rest of the 
group was rising from the table.  After a quick round of introductions, Aeka 
immediately returned her focus to Tenchi.
     "So, Tenchi, how has college been?" she asked.
     "Well, it's been fun.  Yeah, it's been very fun.  What was really great 
was Keiichi and Belldandy letting me stay with them, though," Tenchi 
answered.
     Keiichi blushed and Belldandy smiled as this.
     "I thank you for allowing Lord Tenchi to stay with you while I was 
away," Aeka bowed slightly to the two.
     "Oh, it was no trouble at all.  It's been fun having Tenchi and Ryoko 
stay with us," Belldandy said.
      "Ryoko?  Did you say Ryoko was staying with you as well?" Aeka asked, 
shocked.
      "Oh, nobody told you?  After Tenchi got kicked out of his dorm, we 
offered to let him stay with us.  Then, we offered to let Ryoko stay with us 
two because the two were so close," Belldandy continued.       Although no 
one noticed it, Tenchi was slowly backpedaling out of the room, as were 
Nobiyuki and Urd.  Washu, Sasami, and Skuld were not there because they had 
left right after Sasami arrived so they could go play with Ryo-Ohki.
     "WHAT? You're telling me that you offered to let that demon stay with 
you, with Tenchi staying there as well?  How could you?" Aeka screamed at 
the top of her lungs, her face redder than a beet.  Then, the cylinders 
started to form and Ryoko started to make her own exit.
     Belldandy, finally conscious that something was wrong, stopped talking.
     "RYOKO!  You will die, demon," Aeka screamed as the cylinders trapped 
Ryoko within their force field.
     "Miss Aeka!  Please stop," Tenchi interjected as he stepped between 
Ryoko and Aeka for the second time.
     "But Lord Tenchi.  Ryoko must be punished," Aeka said, suddenly 
becoming demure.
     "What should she be punished for?  For wanting to be near the one she 
loves?  Is that a crime?  Things have changed since you were last here, Miss 
Aeka," Tenchi said, rather calmly.
     "But Lord Tenchi--" she started.
     Tenchi cut her off.  "Miss Aeka, I'm sorry to be rude and I'm sorry it 
had to happen this way.  But I love Ryoko.  Nothing you can do or say will 
change that.  Again, I'm sorry," Tenchi apologized, his voice very quiet 
now.
     "Lord Tenchi," Aeka whispered, the tears starting to form in her eyes.  
She turned and ran from the room, crying.
     Tenchi lowered his head and sorrowed for Aeka but there was nothing 
more he could do.

     Aeka had not returned by the end of the afternoon so Tenchi and Ryoko 
went to look for her.  They found her, out by a small pond in the woods.  
She was still weeping.  Tenchi ran up while Ryoko watched from a short 
distance away.
     "Miss Aeka," he started.
     Aeka turned and when she saw he was alone, fell onto his chest and 
began to weep bitterly.  He looked down at her and waited for her to stop 
crying.
     After she had run out of tears, Aeka straightened up.
     "Why, Lord Tenchi?" she asked.  "Why did you pick Ryoko over me?"
     "Aeka, I didn't pick her over you,"  Tenchi answered quietly.
     "But Lord Tenchi, what does she have that I don't?" Aeka persisted.
     "Aeka, I didn't pick her because she was 'better' than you in any way," 
Tenchi repeated.
     "Was it because she had a better physical appearance?  Was that it?" 
Aeka persisted.
     "Aeka, are you even listening to me?  I did not pick Ryoko over you," 
Tenchi said for the third time.
     Aeka continued to ramble on.  Tenchi took her by the shoulders and 
looked her straight in the eyes.       "Aeka, are you listening to me?" he 
asked again.
     When she didn't respond, he stared deep into her eyes.  After a moment, 
she burst into tears again and again fell into his arms.  He waited for her 
to finish while watching Ryoko as she slowly walked towards them.
     Tenchi forced Aeka to look at him.  "Aeka, are you going to listen to 
me now?" he asked quietly.
     Aeka finally regained control of her emotions and nodded.
     "Good, like I said before, I didn't pick Ryoko over you.  There was 
never any competition in my mind, regardless of what you two might have 
thought.  It was just that I was not ready for a relationship back then.  I 
was still growing up.  Now that I, hopefully, have matured somewhat, I think 
I am ready to make the choice of the person I will spend the rest of my life 
with.  That choice had nothing to do with Ryoko and you constantly fighting 
to prove who was better for me.  I chose Ryoko of my own free will and it 
was not because of your absence and her presence.  I still consider you a 
very good friend and I hope that you consider me the same.  I will always 
have the highest respect for you in the duties you must perform and as the 
person which you are," Tenchi said.
     For a moment, there was only silence.  Then Aeka spoke.
     "Lord Tenchi, I would first like to apologize for my behavior this 
afternoon.  I was most impolite and rude," she said solemnly as she bowed 
before him.
     "You are forgiven," Tenchi said as solemnly.  He also bowed.
     "I hope that my actions today have not detracted from your respect for 
me.  As to this matter of Ryoko and yourself, I have realized that I am in 
the wrong.  I will no longer stand in the way," Aeka said as she bowed her 
head.
     "I have one more thing to ask of you," Tenchi said as he motioned to 
Ryoko.
     Aeka looked up.  "Yes?" she asked.
     When Ryoko was standing next to them, Tenchi spoke.  "I would like to 
ask you two to lay aside your differences.  I still haven't figured out 
whether you guys were just fighting over me or whether it was something 
else.  Either way, I wish you would give it up and let the past be."
     Both girls looked at him.   Then at each other.  Then back at him.
     Then, Ryoko smirked.  Aeka's eyes narrowed.
     "Sure, Tenchi.  I can do that," Ryoko agreed.
     "I am willing," Aeka countered, skeptically.
     Ryoko extended a hand.  Aeka took it.  They shook.
     Then, Ryoko turned back to Tenchi.  She leaped into his waiting embrace 
and they kissed for what seemed an eternity.  Aeka observed them with a 
small, almost tearful smile on her face.



     The group spent the rest of the week relaxing and generally enjoying 
themselves.  After Ryoko and Aeka made peace, they found that they could 
actually stand to be in the same room together or perhaps, even have fun 
together.  There was the interesting episode where Nobiyuki tried yet again 
to get into the women's bath, ostensibly to bring fresh towels for the 
girls.  He ended up in...well, let's just say he didn't smell to good for a 
while.
     On the night before everyone was to leave, Ryoko, Belldandy, and Sasami 
worked together to make the most delicious meal any of them had ever seen.  
Between the tempura, teriyaki, soba noodles, and rice, Tenchi and Keiichi 
assured their respective girlfriends that wouldn't eat for at least a week 
after.

     "It was nice to meet you," Belldandy said as she shook hands with Aeka.
     "And you," Aeka returned, a little more demurely than normal.
     "Bye, Skuld, I've had fun playing with you," Sasami said as she hugged 
Skuld.  "I'll come and visit soon, I promise."
     "I'll miss you too, Sasami.  Maybe I can come to Jurai some time," 
Skuld said.
     "Yeah, I hope so," Sasami said.  "Bye, Tenchi.  I sure wish I could 
stay a little longer," she said as she hugged Tenchi.
     "So do I, Sasami.  I really enjoyed your cooking," Tenchi responded.
     "So did I," Keiichi added.
     "Thank you, both," Sasami said as she giggled and bowed slightly.
     Ryoko and Aeka merely shook hands before leaving and said not a word to 
each other.
     After everyone else finished telling all others good-bye, Keiichi's and 
Tenchi's motorcycles roared off.

     When they arrived back at the temple, Tenchi was the first to get 
inside.  He found himself very confused when he found Washu, Nobiyuki, and 
Katsuhito sitting at the table.
     "How did you guys get here?" he asked, confused.
     "Oh, Washu built a portal between our house and your's.  Now we can 
drop by any time.  Isn't that great?" Nobiyuki asked with a smile.
     Tenchi groaned.
     Then, the other four walked in and fortunately for them, nobody 
fainted.  After Nobiyuki explained it to them, Belldandy spoke.  "This will 
be great.  Now we can go to the mountains whenever we want," she said 
excitedly.
     "I'll get to see Ryo-Ohki more.  Yea!" Skuld shouted as the cabbit came 
bounding through the portal with a loud miya(Ryo-Ohki and Skuld had become 
very good friends while at Tenchi's house).
     "This is just great," Tenchi stated as he collapsed to the floor with a 
sigh.  Ryoko immediately appeared next to him.
     "Tenchi looks tired.  Maybe Ryoko should put him to bed," she said in 
her best motherly voice.  He grinned sheepishly at her and then promptly 
fell asleep on her shoulder.
     "Hmm, guess I was right," Ryoko observed.  They all laughed.

     "Rise and shine, lazybones," were the first words he heard.  He opened 
his eyes and was greeted by the sight of Ryoko leaning over him.
     "I always wanted to wake up to this," he said as his arms encircled her 
back and pulled her downward.  She fell on top of him as their lips met.  
After what seemed like blissful eternity, Keiichi walked in.
     "Hey, you two.  Now's not the time for that," he scolded, only 
half-serious.
     Ryoko laughed, climbed off Tenchi, and pulled him out of bed.  Tenchi 
grinned sheepishly at Keiichi before pretending to push Ryoko out of the 
room.  "Go on, Ryoko.  I have to change,"  he said as he pushed her out.
     "All right, all right.  I'm going," she answered with a mock pout.  
Keiichi and Tenchi both laughed as she slammed the door shut.  Tenchi shook 
his head and then proceeded to make his bed and get dressed.
     "Hope they made something good this morning.  I'm starving," Keiichi 
declared.
     "I know what you mean," Tenchi responded as he opened the door and 
headed for the main room.
     There, Ryoko and Belldandy were spooning some sort of steaming hot 
stuff into four bowls.  "Good morning, Tenchi," Belldandy greeted him with 
her usual bright smile.
     "Morning, Belldandy," he said as he yawned.  "What's that?" he asked as 
he pointed to the concoction in the bowls.
     "Ryoko suggested we try making something new for breakfast.  It's 
called oatmeal.  Americans eat it a lot," Belldandy explained.
     "I see," Tenchi continued.  "Hope it's as good as it looks because I'm 
starving."
     "A perfect combination," Ryoko observed as finished pouring the 
oatmeal.
     "Let's eat," Tenchi said as Keiichi walked in.  So they did.

     Two hours later, Tenchi sat down in his Architecture class.  When the 
professor announced that they would be received back their mid-term exams, 
Tenchi gulped.  He knew distinctly that he had not done very well on it 
because of all the questions he could not answer.  The grade that he 
received confirmed his worst fears.  After class, the professor called 
Tenchi upto his desk.
     "Mr. Masaki, I'd like to ask you a couple of questions.  Number one, do 
you like Architecture?" the professor asked.
     "Well, I'm not sure, sir.  I picked Architecture because my father is 
an architect and I'd always thought that the field looked interesting,"  
Tenchi answered.
     "Answer another question then.  Do you really like Architecture?  Be 
honest," the professor continued.
     Tenchi considered for a moment.  "Now that I really think about it, I 
don't, sir," he answered.
     "I thought so.  You had the lowest score on my exam and new something 
must be wrong because there was a twenty point gap between your's and the 
next lowest grade.  Since you appear to have little interest in 
Architecture, I'm going to recommend that you consider changing your major 
to something  more suiting to your interests.  Let's say, oh...Auto 
Engineering," the professor suggested.  When he saw Tenchi's look of 
surprise he continued.
     "Yes, Mr. Masaki.  I know a little bit about you.  Some of your friends 
at Nikoto's Auto Repair shop spoke highly of your skills.  Nikoto's happens 
to be my mechanic.  In fact, I believe you  are the one who fixed my 
radiator leak.  Nikoto said you did a superior job.   Thank you," the 
professor said.
     "You're welcome, sir.  But I'd like to thank you for pointing this out 
to me.  I guess I would have figured it out eventually but who knows.  I 
assume it's too late to change classes?" Tenchi asked.
     "Normally, it would be.  But I'll pull a few strings and see what I can 
do," the professor answered with a smile.
     "Thank you, sir.  Very much," Tenchi said as he bowed.
     "You're more than welcome, Mr. Masaki.  You are dismissed," the 
professor said.  As Tenchi turned and hurried to the door where Ryoko was 
waiting, the professor smiled as he saw them immediately grasp each other's 
hand and walk away.

     "So, you're going to switch majors.  I guess that's a good thing?" 
Ryoko asked as they sat down at the lunch table next to Keiichi and 
Belldandy.
     "Yeah, it beats failing a class that I don't really want to take 
anyway," Tenchi answered.
     "You're changing majors?" Keiichi broke in as he overheard their 
conversation.
     "Yeah, Auto Engineering," Tenchi answered.
     "That's great.  Now you're a real member of the Auto Club,"   Keiichi 
congratulated him.
     "Oh yeah, I still haven't told Tamiya about my new motorcycle," Tenchi 
said with a half-grin.
     Just then, "MASAKI!!!" could be heard all over the cafeteria.  Tenchi 
gulped loudly and turned to see Tamiya, Otaki, and a dozen members of the 
Auto Club all converging on him.  He gulped again, just before they all 
crashed into him.
     When the pile of clubbers had finished climbing off of him, Tamiya 
peeled the now flattened Tenchi off the floor.  "Ow," Tenchi observed, 
rather weakly.
     "Masaki, you didn't tell us you had gotten a Kawasaki Ninja.  We all 
came over to congratulate you," Tamiya said.
     "Thanks, guys," Tenchi said as he recovered his voice.
     "This calls for a celebration," Otaki said.
     All the clubbers cheered.  Before anyone could say anything else, the 
clubbers picked up Ryoko, Keiichi, and Belldandy and along with Tenchi, 
carried them out of the cafeteria.  They continued in this fashion until 
they arrived back at the Auto Club clubhouse.  Before long, the clubhouse 
rumbled with the sound of a bunch of guys and Ryoko celebrating with plenty 
of sake and brewskis to go around.  Tenchi, Keiichi, and Belldandy sat on 
one of the sofas and watched the proceedings until Otaki walked up and spoke 
to Tenchi.
     "Masaki, come, join us.  Have some sake," he offered Tenchi a can.
     "Oh-uh thanks," Tenchi said as he took the cup.  He stood and walked 
over to the main group who were all gathered around Ryoko and Tamiya.  It 
seemed that Ryoko had challenged Tamiya to a chugging contest and Ryoko 
seemed to be losing, but not by much.  The guys were all cheering them on 
when Tenchi walked up.  He sighed when he saw the pile of cans at Ryoko's 
feet before turning back to the couch.
     "Hey, Tenchi.  Where you going?" asked a slightly inebriated Ryoko.
     "I'm going to go sit down," he answered, almost irritably.
     He walked back over to the couch and let himself fall into its not so 
soft cushions.
     "What's wrong?" Belldandy asked.
     Tenchi looked up.  "Oh nothing.  I just get tired of Ryoko always 
drinking herself into oblivion, especially when she's just showing off," he 
explained.
     "I see," Belldandy observed.
     The rest of the party went pretty much like that with nothing really 
meaningful happening until Tamiya finally collapsed after his twenty-second 
can of sake.  Everyone cheered for Ryoko, who by this time was more than a 
little intoxicated.  She wobbled over to where Tenchi was sitting and 
collapsed on top of him.
     "Hi, Tenchi," she said in a slurred voice.
     "Oh, hi Ryoko," came his not enthusiastic reply as he turned his head 
to avoid the strong odor of the alcohol on her breath.
     "What's wrong?" she asked.
     "Oh nothing.  I guess we'd better get you home before you pass out," 
Tenchi observed as he lifted her to her feet.  "Keiichi, could you take her 
in your bike?  I think she'd fall off of mine," Tenchi asked.
     "Sure, Tenchi.  Bell, I guess you'll be riding in the rear seat this 
time," Keiichi said.
     "That's okay.  I don't mind," Belldandy quickly responded.
     Tenchi carried Ryoko out to the motorcycle and placed her in the seat.  
Then, he buckled her down.
     "I'll see you back at the house," he said as she began to snore.
     Keiichi and Belldandy had followed him out and they got in the bike and 
headed for the house.  Tenchi soon followed them.

     The next morning, Keiichi woke up and saw that Tenchi was already up.  
He glanced at the clock, 7:00.  He shrugged and went back to sleep.
     Tenchi had risen at 6:00 that morning and had watched the sun rise, his 
back to the house.  Belldandy had joined him an hour later as he still sat, 
staring into the sky.
     "Good morning, Tenchi," she said softly.
     He turned and smiled.  "Morning, Belldandy.  Sleep well?" he asked.
     "Very well, thank you.  Would you like some tea?" she asked.
     "That'd be great," Tenchi answered.
     "I'll bring it out," she said as she turned and went back inside.
     Tenchi continued to observe the sky when he heard footsteps behind him. 
  "Guess who," the voice said as hands covered Tenchi's eyes.
     "I thought you'd have some sort of a major hangover after last night," 
Tenchi commented.
     The hand went away and Ryoko sat down next to him, two cups of tea in 
her hands.  "Me?  I don't think I've ever had a hangover.  At least, not in 
the last three thousand years," she laughed.
     "Oh, feel up to an early morning ride?" he asked.
     "I'd love to.  First, finish your tea," she commanded.
     "Yes, ma'am," he said with mock deference as he took the cup.  They 
sipped their tea in silence.
     Then, another set of footsteps came up behind them.  "Daughter, 
son-in-law, greetings!" came the ever annoying/cute voice.
     Ryoko rolled her eyes and turned around.  "Washu,  you have to keep it 
down.  People are still sleeping," she scolded.
     Washu's eyes got big.  "Don't you talk to me that way, young lady," she 
said sternly as she placed her hands on her hips.  She looked so comical 
trying to be serious with Ryoko who was at least two heads taller than her 
that Tenchi smiled.
     "Washu, would you stop clowning around for once," Ryoko said, her voice 
growing angry.
     "If you don't stop speaking so disrespectfully to me, I'll ground you," 
Washu continued.
     "Washu..." Ryoko's voice rose as she slowly said the name.
     Then, Tenchi burst out laughing.  They both looked at him and then 
Washu also started to laugh.  Ryoko frowned and stomped inside.
     "Good morning, little Washu," Tenchi said when he stopped laughing.
     "And good morning to you, again, Tenchi," Washu said.
     "It seems that you've ruined Ryoko's day, or at least her morning," 
Tenchi observed.
     "Oh, she's always grouchy when she's had to much to drink the night 
before," Washu commented.
     "WHAT?" Ryoko screeched from the hallway.
     Washu and Tenchi both laughed again.  Ryoko glared at both of them and 
then disappeared into the kitchen.
     "I guess it won't be so bad having you guys around all the time.  But 
it's sure going to take some getting used to," Tenchi said.
     "Well, if it gets to be a bother, just let me know.  I know how your 
father is sometimes.  Especially with a babe like Urd around," Washu 
confided.
     "Thanks.  Let's just hope that it doesn't come to that," Tenchi 
answered with a laugh and Washu joined in.

     By the time Tenchi finally convinced Ryoko to go on a ride, it was time 
to eat.  When that was done, it was time for school.  So the only ride the 
two went on was the one to school.
     Tenchi pulled up at the Auto Club clubhouse and parked his bike.  As a 
member of the Auto Club, he had a right to do so.  He walked inside and saw 
that the place was still a mess.  Tamiya was still sprawled on a couch where 
Otaki had left him the night before.  Tenchi walked over and shook him.
     "Sempai, it's almost time for class.  You should probably get," he 
said.
     Tamiya groaned and opened his eyes.  "Oh, it's you, Masaki.  Don't 
worry about me.  It won't hurt for me to miss one class.  Just let me 
sleep," Tamiya mumbled.
     Tenchi nodded and then left.  "What was that all about?" Ryoko asked.
     "Tamiya-sempai still has a small hangover from last night," Tenchi 
answered.
     Ryoko laughed.  "You humans never know your limitations," she declared.
     Tenchi half-smiled and then glanced at his watch.  "We'd better hurry, 
class starts in five minutes," he suggested.
     "I suppose you're right," Ryoko sighed.

     The days passed.  Tenchi and Ryoko grew ever closer until by the end of 
the year, they were inseparable.  Keiichi and Belldandy also grew closer(if 
that was possible).  The last day of college, Tenchi and Ryoko were sitting 
in the cafeteria with Keiichi, Belldandy, and several other Auto Clubbers.  
Tenchi began to pass the word along that there was going to be a big club at 
the Auto Club that night for all clubbers.
     That evening, as can be expected, the clubhouse was packed.  Everybody 
was drinking, talking, or generally having a good time.  At about 9:30, 
Tenchi strode to the center of the main room and yelled for everybody's 
attention.  After about five minutes, things started to quiet down but there 
was still a general murmur of ambient noise in the back ground.
     "I would like to thank you all for coming tonight.  This is the reason 
why I asked you to come.  Ryoko, will you please come up here?" Tenchi 
asked.
     Ryoko, garbed in a rather form-fitting blue dress, stepped forward and 
stood by him.
     "Please read rule 128-C7 of the Auto Club Constitution for us, please," 
Tenchi asked again.
     There was a sudden rumbling of voices as the clubbers began to ask what 
rule 128-C7 stated.
     Ryoko glanced down at the sheet Tenchi had given her and then her eyes 
widened.  She looked up at Tenchi.
     "Tenchi, are you serious?" she asked, rather surprised.
     "I'll answer in a minute.  Now, please read the rule," he asked again.
     Ryoko cleared her throat and began.  "Rule 128-C7 of the Nekomi 
Institute of Technology's Automotive Club states that 'If any member of the 
Auto Club finds that he has become interested in receiving the hand of 
another member of the Auto Club in marriage, he or she must first propose to 
that other in front of a quorum of Auto Club members and then the proposal 
must be approved by the leadership of the Auto Club'," she read.
     When her voice fell silent, so did the rest of the room.  Not a sound 
could be heard as Tenchi quickly began to count heads.  "Tamiya, how many 
Auto Clubbers do we need for a quorum?" Tenchi asked.
     "I believe the number is 21," Tamiya answered.
     "We have a quorum, then," Tenchi said.
     He turned back to Ryoko and dropped on one knee before her, all eyes on 
him.  With his eyes gazing into her own, Tenchi spoke.  "Ryoko, I know you 
have been waiting a very long time for this and so have I.  Will you marry 
me?" he asked.
     The gaze of everyone in the room turned to Ryoko.  With a nod, she 
collapsed into his arms.
     Then, Tamiya cleared his throat.  "There is one thing remaining to make 
this union formal," he said.  "Otaki, get your butt over here," he 
continued.
     There was a lot of pushing and shoving as the somewhat inebriated Otaki 
wormed his way over to Tamiya.  After three minutes of low-spoken debate, 
Tamiya and Otaki stepped forward into the center of the room where Tenchi 
and Ryoko were waiting.
     "Tenchi Masaki, Ryoko, we hereby proclaim to you that Auto Club 
leadership has approved your marriage.  The only condition is that, as the 
first marriage within the Auto Club, the ceremony must be held here," Tamiya 
said.
     Tenchi turned and kissed Ryoko long and passionately while everybody 
cheered.  Then, another voice shouted above the din and Keiichi stepped 
forward.
     "I guess, now is as good a time as any," he observed.  "Belldandy?" he 
asked.
     She was instantly by his side as everyone fell quiet again.
     "Yes, Keiichi?" she asked, hopefully.
     Keiichi also fell to his knee and took Belldandy's hand in his own.  
"Belldandy, we have been putting this off for far too long.  Will you marry 
me?" he asked.
     "Yes, Keiichi," was all she could say as the two embraced.
     Again, Tamiya and Otaki conferred 'privately' for a second before 
looking up again.  "Although it is highly irregular, the leadership has also 
approved your marriage proposal, Keiichi Morisato and Belldandy," Otaki 
announced.  Again, everyone in the building began to cheer.
     Otaki suggested something to Tamiya who smiled and nodded.  He shouted 
for attention.  "Otaki has suggested to me a very good idea.  As we already 
have Tenchi and Ryoko's reception here, why not go ahead and make it a 
double wedding?  That way, we don't have to clean the clubhouse twice," 
Tamiya said.  Everyone laughed at this last statement and then cheered their 
approval.
     No one seemed to notice that neither couple was present any longer.  If 
we were to take a quick trip outside, we would find the moonlight filtering 
softly through the trees and falling on two figures.  One was Ryoko and 
Tenchi, passionately kissing.  The other figure was the slightly more sedate 
variety of kissing in the form of Keiichi and Belldandy.

     (We'll leave Tamiya's bachelor party plans out of this one)

     "A Shinto ceremony?  I'm not sure about that.  I don't really want to 
have to where that white kimono the bride's supposed to wear," Ryoko 
objected.
     "But Grandpa's all ready said he'll do it.  Keiichi and Belldandy want 
to do it Shinto style too.  So come on, it will only be for a half hour, 
then you change anyway," Tenchi responded.
     "Why can't we just do it like everyone else in the galaxy?  You have an 
official justice of the peace pronounce you married, you kiss, and then live 
happily ever after.  Much easier in my opinion.  Besides, you Japanese are 
to stuck on tradition," Ryoko observed.
     "Please,  Ryoko.  Do it for me.  I'll make it up to you after the 
wedding," Tenchi begged.
     "You've tempted me.  I get to pick the honeymoon spot," Ryoko 
bargained.
     "Fair enough," Tenchi agreed.
     "I know this great little place just outside of the third planet of 
Beta Zentauri," Ryoko started.
     "Let's not discuss that now.  We have to start preparing for the 
wedding," Tenchi interrupted.
     "You're no fun," Ryoko pouted.
     Tenchi glanced around the room quickly to make sure no one was around 
and then turned back to Ryoko who's face still had a silly-sulky look to it. 
  Before she could say another word, he kissed her.  At first, Ryoko was 
surprised by this sudden action on Tenchi's part but then she gave in and 
returned the kiss.  After about five minutes of this, Tenchi pulled away.
     "That's all?" Ryoko looked disappointed.
     "All?  I don't want to die for lack of breath before the wedding even 
starts.  We haven't even had the honeymoon yet," Tenchi replied, faking 
exasperation.
     "I see your point.  Guess I'd better go dig up Belldandy so I can get 
this planning done," Ryoko said as she stood.
     "I? What about us?" Tenchi asked, surprised.
     "Look, Tenchi.  Guys don't plan weddings.  All you'd want to do is have 
Grandpa pronounce us married and then we'd have a big drinking part.  That's 
not exactly the kind of wedding I want to have," Ryoko answered.
     "You know that wouldn't happen.  I don't drink like that anyway--" he 
paused as the front door slid open.
     "Hey Masaki, there you are.  We've been looking all over for you," 
Tamiya said as he entered, followed by Otaki and several other Auto 
Clubbers.
     "Sempai, would you please put me down now?" an annoyed Keiichi asked 
from atop Tamiya's shoulders.
     Tenchi and Ryoko looked up and saw that Tamiya had Keiichi thrown over 
his shoulders.
     "Uh, oh, sorry, Morisato.  Here ya go," Tamiya said as he dropped 
Keiichi to the floor with a thud.
     "Ouch," Keiichi said weakly as he rubbed his head where it had slammed 
into the ground.
     "Oh Kei, I'm sorry," they heard Belldandy say.
     "That's ok--" Keiichi suddenly looked scared and glanced up and behind 
him.  He breathed a sigh of relief when he saw Otaki gently set Belldandy 
down behind him.  Belldandy ran over to him and knelt down beside him.
     "Are you all right?" she asked.
     "I'm fine, Bell.  Thanks," he said as she helped him to his feet.
     "Okay, so why are you all here?" Tenchi asked.
     "The leadership of the Auto Club has decided that since the reception 
will be held in the Auto Club clubhouse, the Auto Club should plan the 
reception,"  Tamiya announced.
     "Now wait a sec, guys.  That's not what--" Keiichi started.
     "And, if you do not consent to this arrangement, the Auto Club will 
refuse to recognize the wedding and your membership will be revoked," Tamiya 
finished with a flourish.
     "Oh, bummer," Tenchi said, only half-serious.  "If none of you mind, I 
guess we'll let them do it."
     "Well...I suppose," Ryoko agreed.
     "I suppose it'll have to do," Keiichi nodded.  Belldandy also agreed.

     It took another week for all the preparations to be completed.  Tenchi 
had finally convinced Ryoko to wear the white kimono of the tradition Shinto 
bride, under threat of a honeymoon where they slept in separate rooms.  
Though Tenchi was not serious, the threat did the trick.
     The morning of the wedding came and Ryoko was a nervous wreck.  "I 
can't get this stupid thing to stay on right," she complained as she tried 
over and over again to balance the head covering properly.
     "Here, let me help you," Washu offered.  She pulled a stool over and 
stood on it while she deftly set the headdress correctly.
     "Can't I have just one glass of sake?  You know it will calm my 
nerves," Ryoko begged.
     "No, Ryoko.  If you get drunk, you'll ruin the whole ceremony," Washu 
refused.
     "But, Washu, one glass never made anyone drunk," Ryoko pleaded.
     "In your condition, one glass would probably knock you out," Washu 
answered.
     "In this case, it might be a good thing," Ryoko muttered.
     "Urd, please, not so tight," Belldandy asked.
     "Okay, sorry," the white-haired goddess answered, rather annoyed.
     "Belldandy, did I just hear you complain?" Ryoko asked, feigning 
surprised shock.
     "I didn't think I was complaining.  It was only that Urd had tied the 
kimono so tightly in the back that I could barely breathe," Belldandy 
answered.
     Ryoko started to laugh.  "I wasn't being serious, Belldandy," she said 
between laughs.  Before long, Washu and Urd had joined in the laughter.
     Across the hall, Keiichi, Tenchi, Nobiyuki, and Katsuhito looked at 
each other.
     "Wonder what's got them worked up?" Tenchi wondered.
     Keiichi shrugged.  "Probably Urd did something stupid again," he said.
     "Hold still, Tenchi.   It's hard enough trying to straighten your 
collar when you're standing still, let alone fidgeting the way you are," 
Nobiyuki complained.
     "Sorry, dad," Tenchi apologized as he froze.
     "Aren't you the least bit nervous, Tenchi?" Keiichi asked.
     "Actually, I'm terrified.  I still haven't got the faintest clue as to 
what Tamiya's got planned for our reception," Tenchi answered.
     Keiichi laughed nervously.
     "I guess you'll just have to wait and see," Katsuhito said 
mysteriously.
     The other three looked strangely at him.

     An hour later, Katsuhito was standing under the torii gate that served 
as the entrance to the house/temple.  Katsuhito had decided that the old 
temple would do nicely as a Shinto shrine.  It just needed a few 
modifications.  Now there was an altar in front of the steps into the house 
with incense being burned on it.  He waited solemnly in his priestly garb as 
Tenchi and then Keiichi walked through the torii gate and stood before him.  
He rang a gong and then the two brides entered in their white kimonos.  
Tenchi noticed how much he liked Ryoko's hair down.  It made her look 
almost, well, cute.  Keiichi smiled at Belldandy as she approached.
     When the brides are standing next to their grooms, Katsuhito motions 
them forward.  He sits cross-legged behind the altar and waited for the two 
couple to kneel before him.  Once they were kneeling in front of the alter, 
he quickly performs the traditional chants and prayers of a Shinto wedding 
ceremony.  Then, Katsuhito signaled to Tenchi and Keiichi.
     The two stood and faced their brides.  "As your husband, I shall 
forever keep you in my heart and home.  I shall forever protect you and any 
children that you bear unto me.  I shall be faithful and caring to you 
always and shall expect the same from you toward me," the two smiling 
husbands-to-be said to their soon-to-be brides.  The brides rose immediately 
after these promises were made and the members of the couples bowed to each 
other.
     Ryoko was the first to ditch the uncomfortable headdress.  She give 
Tenchi a kiss he would not forget.  Belldandy quickly followed suit while 
the guests applauded.  While this did not follow the traditional Shinto 
ending, Katsuhito said nothing but sat back and smiled.
     When the couples finally disengaged their lips from one another, they 
turned and bowed to the guests who continued to applaud.  Then, Tenchi led 
Ryoko into the house.  They were followed by Keiichi and Belldandy.  Once 
inside, the couples split up long enough to change which in the case of the 
women took almost thirty minutes.  This was due in part because Belldandy 
had to keep Ryoko calm long enough to take off her expensive kimono rather 
than shredding the uncomfortable outfit.  Belldandy had selected a deep, 
blue dress that fell in waves around her feet.  Ryoko's choice for the 
reception was a dress of a much lighter shade of blue, almost white.  The 
major difference lay in how the dress fitted.  While Belldandy's dress had a 
billowing skirt and flowed around her, Ryoko's was more than a little 
form-fitting.  Let's just say she was doing her best to impress her Tenchi.
     While they were dressing, Washu came in.  "What's taking so long?"  she 
asked.
     "Sorry, Washu, those wedding kimonos take a little time to get off.  
What's the rush?" Ryoko asked.
     "What do you think?  Tamiya's more than a little anxious to get started 
with his reception party," Washu answered brusquely.
     "What exactly does he have planned for this party?" Belldandy asked.
     "Well, let's see.  Sake, a slide show of Keiichi and Tenchi from their 
early days in the Club, old videos of Club races, especially the one of 
Keiichi's victory over the Formula Racing Club," Washu answered.
     "Great, so we're going to watching home videos for a reception, how 
wonderful," Ryoko observed, rather sarcastically.
     "Don't worry, we'll have a cake cutting too," Washu assured her.
     "Uh-huh, knowing Tamiya, it's a cardboard one," Ryoko said.
     "Are you kidding?  Sasami baked that herself," Washu countered.
     "Sasami?  I thought she and Aeka had some peace conference to attend on 
Jurai," Belldandy interjected.
     "Apparently the conference was delayed or something, because they got 
here right after you came in the house.  Aeka didn't really bother 
explaining it to me.  She was too busy railing at Katsuhito for not waiting 
for her to arrive to start the wedding.  Now, I think she's over at the 
clubhouse 'speaking' with Tamiya about his planned party," Washu explained.
     "Great, so now we're going to have a Auto Club/Juraian reception.  This 
should be interesting," Ryoko groaned.

     A few minutes later, the two couples finally finished changing and they 
were driven over to the clubhouse on specially prepared motorcycles as any 
Auto Club members were expected to do.  When they arrived, all could hear 
Aeka screaming furiously at someone inside the place.
     "What? You want them to watch old pointless movies of primitive Earth 
races for the reception," Aeka screamed.
     "Well, uh, that was what I intended," Tamiya stuttered.
     "I will not have Tenchi given such a worthless excuse for a reception," 
Aeka shouted.
     "Well, uh, I'm doing the reception and no one asked you so get lost," 
Tamiya said, gaining his nerve.
     "WHAT???" Aeka shrieked, shocked at Tamiya's timid defiance.  "You 
would tell me, the crown princess of Jurai, to get lost?"
     "Well, I guess I did," Tamiya said as he started to grin to himself.
     "You will pay," Aeka said slowly as cylinders started to form around 
her.
     Tamiya glanced at the cylinders but didn't realize the error he had 
just made.
     Just then, Tenchi ran up.  "Aeka, stop this," he shouted.
     "I refuse.  This fool has insulted me and he must pay," Aeka answered.
     "Aeka, this is my wedding.  I will not have you ruin it," Ryoko said 
quietly, suddenly appearing between Tamiya and Aeka.
     "Ryoko, get out of the way.  This is between me and this insolent 
knave," Aeka responded.
     "No, Aeka.  Calm down.  You're letting your temper get the best of 
you," Ryoko continued.
     Rational thought finally pierced through Aeka's hate-filled brain and 
the cylinders immediately disappeared.  Then, she broke down weeping.  Ryoko 
  ran to her and placed a hand on her shoulder.
     "Please forgive me, Lord Tenchi.  I did not mean to make a scene," Aeka 
wept.
     "You are forgiven, Lady Aeka.  Please, I have all ready given Tamiya 
the responsibility of planning our reception so don't worry about it," 
Tenchi said.
     "Yes, Lord Tenchi," Aeka answered quietly as Ryoko led her into the 
clubhouse.
     Tamiya, who had followed little of what had just happened, quickly 
followed the two women into the clubhouse and called for the first round of 
drinks.
     Tenchi glanced at Keiichi and Belldandy who both smiled.  Tenchi 
returned the smile and then entered the clubhouse.
End of Part 3

  Epilogue
     The reception ended an hour later, at least for those who were still 
sober.  Amazingly, Tenchi had managed to keep Ryoko from imbibing more than 
a minimum of sake so she was still relatively coherent.  True to form, 
Tenchi had not touched a single glass.  The few people still conscious were 
starting to pick things up off the floor.  Tenchi and Ryoko exited the 
clubhouse and the two began to discuss their plans.
     "Keiichi and Belldandy are heading out to Kyoto this afternoon.  I 
guess they'll be leaving pretty quickly.  Do you want to change at all 
before we leave because I don't think I'll be able to ride my bike in this 
tux?" Tenchi asked.
     "Hmm, you never told me what you thought of this dress.  I'd like to 
know before I change," Ryoko answered.
     She stepped a pace away from Tenchi and then posed for him, leaning 
forward ever so slightly.
     Tenchi grinned.  He ran his eyes up and down the body of his wife and 
focused on one particular area.  As this was the first time he could do this 
without feeling embarrassed, he took a good, long look.
     "I've never really been able to fully appreciate your more...physical 
aspects before.  I can only say that I can't wait till this evening," Tenchi 
observed.
     "Maybe you won't have to wait that long," Ryoko replied with a sly 
grin.

     An hour later, they were flying down the road on Tenchi's bike.  Ryoko 
had chosen to continue to wear her long, form-fitting dress.  As they 
entered the city limits of Osaka, Tenchi saw the hotel where they would be 
staying.  Soon after that, they pulled up in front of it.  It was a huge 
building with at least twenty stories, not to mention that it was a 
five-star.
     As Tenchi angled the bike into the circular drive in front of the main 
doors, a chauffeur greeted him.
     "Hello sir, welcome to the Hotel of the Ninth Cherry Blossom.  If you 
would like, I will park your vehicle for you," the young, well-dressed man 
offered.
     "Sure," Tenchi agreed as he climbed off.
     Ryoko, who had ridden side-saddle due to her extremely long skirt, also 
hopped off.  Tenchi grabbed their small carry-all bag and took Ryoko by the 
hand as they entered the hotel.  Another chauffeur greeted them and quickly 
took them through registration and then upto their room on the twelfth 
floor.
     When the door closed behind the chauffeur, Ryoko smiled slyly at Tenchi 
again.
     "Come in here," she motioned as she led him into the bedroom.  Tenchi 
followed, almost shaking in anticipation of what was to come.
      Ryoko stood before him and began to unzip her dress from the back.  
She slowly let it fall to the ground.  There was nothing underneath.
     Although this was not the first time Tenchi had seen Ryoko naked, this 
was an entirely new experience.  Before, Tenchi had felt no real attraction 
to her apart from what every human male feels when he sees a naked woman.  
Now, it was far more.
     Ryoko just stood and let her husband admire her body.  It was something 
she was proud of and had no intentions of hiding.
     Then, there was the first, tentative touch.  The electric feel only 
deepened as things progressed.  For Tenchi, it was like going from one 
heaven to the next.
     A few minutes later, Tenchi finally realized why he loved Ryoko so 
much.

Author's Notes:  Hope you enjoyed this.  I know it was a little long winded 
but as usual, C&C are always appreciated.



