                  Chronicles of the Sekigahara

                          Interlude Two

     Another strike shot out from the Sekigahara's launch bays,
forming up in the forward pattern to await completion before
heading off towards their targets.  Commodore Yosho watched the
planes circling in the void, making a mental count of each plane
that left his ship.  Swallowtails, he muttered low, identifying
the fighter-attack ships.  Probably the best looking plane in the
Federation inventory, their slim, graceful shapes concealed the
deadly array of ordinance each plane could carry.
     Yosho sighed at the thought of home, again longing for an
end to this war, and the chance to return to something close to a
normal life.  These kids they were sending out to do battle with
the enemy, some of them barely out of college; how many of them
will not return?  How many will not ever get the chance to
experience a normal peaceful life after the conflict was over?
     He let out another low sigh, knowing it was not good to
ponder on things such as that.  Casualties would mount, battles
fought, all necessary to appease the gods of war.  A step sounded
behind him, Yosho cutting his eyes slightly to the side.
     "Yes?" he said.
     "Am I disturbing you, Yosho?" Captain Soun Tendo said coming
up beside him.
     "No, no, Soun.  I'm just thinking about things," he replied.
Another figure moved up on his left, Captain Genma Saotome
staring silently out the viewport for a moment.
     "I sense you are troubled, Commodore," he said.
     "That evident, eh?" Yosho replied.  He paused, watching
another wave of Swallowtails launch.
     "Casualties," he continued.  "The casualties we've
experienced.  I'm amazed we've lasted as long as we have so far."
     Soun had to agree.  These last few weeks saw more and more
ground support request from Brigadier General Goodchild marking
the fierceness of the combat happening on Tauri.  Even with the
support of the fleet ships, the Proximians were still pressing
hard on the Federation positions around Mago.  Evacuation was
going slower than expected, and the major transports still had
yet to arrive in Omegan space.
     "I've seen the last reports, so I can understand your
concern, Yosho.  Unfortunately, I've no immediate answer for the
situation."
     "I do," replied Genma.  "Tell those fat cats at High Command
to send us reinforcements.  Then maybe we can payback some of
those lives sacrificed so far."
     "No chance in that," said Yosho.  "Proxima is driving on
Alpha 12.  We just lost another battle near the Spinward March,
so you can imagine the Alphan panic happening right now in the
council."
     "So we sit and delay," grumbled Genma, shaking his head.
"Just damn shameful."
     Yosho smiled, looking over at him.  "Buying time, my dear
Genma, just as the Admiral said."  He slowly gazed back out at
the stars.  "Tying down the enemy until we can regain our
balance."
     "If we do," commented Soun.
     The last of the strike was launched, Yosho, Soun, and Genma
watching as one of the Swallowtails wavered awkwardly out the
bay, barely missing the upper hull as it streaked away.  Genma
and Yosho frowned, turning concerned eyes towards Soun.  He was
already on the nearest comms panel.
     <Air Ops, this is Captain Tendo! >
     The speaker crackled for a moment, then a nervous voice
answered. <Air Ops, ah . . . Ensign Ryooko Mendou, sir.>
     <Mendou, who the hell was that that just launched off of my
flight deck!>
     <Ah . . . Ensign Mihoshi, s-sir!>
     Soun leaned back, staring at the speaker. <Oh.  Okay, thank
you.>
     He returned to the two, head shaking slightly, a low laugh
coming from him.  Mihoshi . . . should have known.
     Yosho turned, watching the strike winging away towards
Tauri.  "That was the Royal Aces then," he said.
     "Yes," answered Soun.  "I believe your grandson is in
command of that group."
     "Ah, yes.  Tenchi."
     Yosho's expression dropped.  "What attack are they running?"
he asked.
     "I believe it's a ground strike on the Proximian columns
north of Mago." answered Soun.
     Behind enemy lines, mused Yosho.  He let a silent prayer
pass through his mind, wishing his nephew, and those of his
squadron a safe journey.
     [Commodore Yosho, your presence is requested in the
Admiral's stateroom,] sounded across the ships announcing system.
     "Hm," Yosho sounded, glancing up at the overhead.
     "Trouble?" questioned Genma.
     Yosho turned.  He arched a brow.  "Hopefully not, Genma," he
said, heading for the doors.

                          Episode Three

                          Mihoshi Luck
                          (Tenchi Muyo)

     An afternoon sun beat down across the Taurian landscape,
heightening the green and golden colored growth that spread out
across plains.  A low deep whine cut the humid air, preceding the
arrival of the Federation aircraft running in a tight attack
pattern towards their target.  Lieutenant Commander Tenchi Masaki
checked his scanners, casting a casual eye up towards the sky in
search of an unwanted fighter activity.  So far so good,
everything looked clean a good sign that his attack group had not
been detected yet.
     Around him, the rest of VA/F 66 maintained positions
readying themselves for the upcoming strike.  The Royal Aces,
their squadron name, held a reputation as being one of the top-
notch fighter-attack squadrons in Task Group 56.  They had seen a
majority of the combat ever since their inception back in 2172,
leading strike after strike with one hundred percent
effectiveness.  It was no wonder they would be given the most
dangerous assignments, and today's attack held no exception.
     Tenchi glanced back at his flight.  One hundred forty-six
planes, not very many from an original squadron of three hundred
fifty.  Only three weeks on this campaign and already more than
half the squadron was gone.  There were some that couldn't fly,
breakdowns, or injured, but for many they had tuned out in
combat, victims to Proximian fighters or ground fire.  That part
really bothered him.  After Commander Tomalson was shot down
during the strike on Dermus, Rear Admiral Cologne promoted him to
command of the squadron.  He was finding it hard to write all of
the consolation letters, reports to kin of how their sons,
daughters, or other had been killed in action.  It took a lot
form him, his natural reaction for feeling responsible for their
deaths wearing him down every day he returned from a mission.
     <Hey, boss,> a thick monotone voice called over his helmet's
speaker.  Tenchi activated his mic.
     <What's up, Orgod?> he replied.
     Lieutenant Orgod Ez brought his plane down next to his,
looking at him.  A native from the planet of Uugrath, Tenchi
could still remember the shock he received when he first met him.
At six-seven, Ez, as the rest of the pilots nicknamed him, could
best be described as a cross between a humanoid, a Kodiak bear,
and the Hulk with dark brown fur.  Many thought he would take
over command, but then rumor had it that he declined the offer in
favor of Tenchi.
     <My weasels up here tell me they're picking up Prox emitters
up over the next rise.  Correlates to target?>
     Tenchi called up the downlink from the EW planes, checking
the squadrons' position with the bearings.
     <Yep, looks like the ones,> he replied.
     <We move in to standard run?>
     <Lets.>
     Ez's plane returned to his section; Tenchi switched up to
the tactical net. <Okay, Aces.  We're about to go in.  All Flight
leaders check in.>
     <Section Three, all planes are go,> Lieutenant Ayeka
reported.
     <Section Four ready,> reported Ez.
     <We're set, Tenchi,> Lieutenant Kiyone, his wingman,
reported for Section One.
     Tenchi paused, waiting for the report from Section Two.
<Washu?> he called, looking out over his right wing.  Dialing up
her sections comms, Tenchi listened in to the running
conversation.
     <Mihoshi!> he heard Washu shout. <What's wrong now?>
     <Uh, uh, nothing really,> answered Ensign Mihoshi. <I'm just
finishing priming test on my weapons modules.>
     <What!  You were supposed to do that once we got past
atmosphere.  Why are you doing it now, right before we have to go
in on a run?>
     <Well, um, I kind a--.>
     <You fell asleep, didn't you?  You let Yukinojo control the
decent and fell asleep again!>
     <I-I guess you could say that . . . kind a.>
     Tenchi could feel Washu's growing impatience with her
wingman.  It struck him slightly funny how the two interacted.
Washu, mother hen and tyrant all wrapped up in one small fiery
redheaded demon; Mihoshi, capable yet slightly unsettling back
up.  After being promoted, Tenchi needed to readjust the flight
teams.  Naturally, Washu took over as Executive Officer, but now
she couldn't fly back up for him anymore.  So it came that Kiyone
flew with him, and Mihoshi got assigned to her.  He could still
remember the rain of kisses from Kiyone once the change became
known.
     <Mihoshi, damn it!  You're the only person I know that can
fall asleep in the middle of combat!> raged Washu.
     <Well the sun was soooo warm, and I felt very comfor--.>
     <Mihoshi!>
     Tenchi could actually hear her beating her fist against the
sides of her helmet.
     <Finish up your checks, pronto!>
     He decided he'd better say something before Washu blew
another blood vessel.
     <Washu, is everything alright?>
     <Oh!  Tenchi, ah . . . yeah, just a few last minutes checks.
We're ready to go,> answered Washu.
     <Okay,> replied Tenchi fighting hard to suppress his laugh.
He switched back up to the tacnet. <Here's the plan, folks.  Ez,
Ayeka you guys sweep in from the west along the highway.  Washu,
take position behind me.  We'll come in over the mountains and
draw the Prox's attention.>
     <Roger,> answered Ez.
     <Orders acknowledged, Tenchi.  And do be careful,> said
Ayeka.
     <Eeeyuck,> another feminine voice sounded in disgust.
Lieutenant (j.g.) Ryoko sneered at Ayeka from her cotpit. <Listen
to you sucking up to Tenchi.>
     <I am not sucking up to anyone, Ryoko!> snapped Ayeka. <I
merely conveyed my deep concern for his well being, that is all.>
     <You aught to be concerned about your own butt, toots.
What, I might just have to save your silly tail . . . again!>
     <What!  Why you insolent--.>
     <Okay, okay girls,> Tenchi said breaking up the argument.
<Let's all cover each other.>
     The flights split up, readying to commence battle.  Tenchi
waited until Ez and Ayeka reached the far end of the mountain
range before giving the signal to pop safeties.  He stared at the
closing mountaintops, nervously gripping his controls. <Washu,
I'm going to announce us,> he said.
     <Let's get this show on the road,> she replied.
     Tenchi smile, fingering his trigger.  The rest of the planes
in his group followed suit, Syphions, Mustang, and Ferret anti-
armor missiles streaking out from the missile pods.  The two
waves crested the top, angling towards the lower plain.
     Ahead, Tenchi could see several columns of Proximian armor
and armored carriers moving across the valley floor, following
the wide highway that led towards Mago.  Tanks two to four
stories high churned up the ground as they advanced; support
vehicles, and other mechanized units moving around them.  An
alarm went off on his console, warning Tenchi that the Proximians
had detected them and were preparing to defend themselves.
     <Lay it on hard, people!> he shouted increasing speed.   The
sky suddenly filled with solid and blaster fire, then several
sharp explosions dotted the plain.  A few of the tanks burst
apart as the missiles found their marks; oily-black smoke marked
the kills.
     <Yes!> cried Kiyone.  She let go with another spread of
missiles, following Tenchi as they flew over the outer legs of
the column.  A Swallowtail to their left exploded, swarms of AA
missiles rising up to great them.  Tenchi and Kiyone went
evasive, dodging the murderous fire around them.
     <Washu, watch this center group,> Tenchi said. <They've got
a pretty sharp set of teeth tucked in here.>
     Washu's flight was currently bearing down on the lead
formations of the columns, trying to block off their advance
groups before they could reach the far pass.
     "Run, you bastards," she muttered, an evil grin forming on
her face. <Tenchi, I'm going to mine the highway and the pass.
That should hold up these jokers.>
     <Go for it, Washu,> replied Tenchi.
     She set her sights, a light green holo-recticle appearing on
her helmets visor. <Okay Section Two.  On my mark, lets plant
some daisies to greet our gracious enemy.  Mihoshi, did you copy
what I just said!>
     <Ah, yes . . . I think,> Mihoshi answered.
     Washu grit her teeth.  Forcing back the surge of pressure in
her veins, Washu set her targets, pushing the trigger.  All of
Section Two's Swallowtails let lose with a barrage of aerial mine
clusters that streaked off towards the distant highway.  The
clusters rained a trail of remote burrowing mines along their
path, building a field across the Proximian advance.  Washu felt
pleased, until her scanners showed a flight of cluster missiles
streaking away well past the target zone.  She smirked, knowing
full well whose owner they had to come from.
     <Mihoshi!> she cried into her mic. <Where the hell are you
putting your ordinance?>
     <Uh, I don't know.  I thought I was following your lead?>
     <You thought? Why in the hell are your clusters heading for
the next planet then?>
     <They shouldn't be.  I've got a sight feed from you--.>
     <Is the targeting interface on?>
     Mihoshi laughed. <Of course, silly.  How else could I get
these nice red indicators on my panels.>
     [Mihoshi.]
     It was Yukinojo, her planes computer interface.
     <Yes, Yukinojo?>
     [Ah, might I suggest you reach down and press the accept
designation button.]
     Mihoshi looked down at her console, noting the blue flashing
button next to her trigger switch.  She pressed it, and all the
red lights turned green.
     <Ooooh . . . Ooops, I forgot.>
     Washu's Swallowtail quickly dropped back beside hers.  From
the cotpit, Mihoshi could see the flames lit bright in Washu's
eyes.
     <You dumb bunny!> she raged, hurting more than just one
persons ears. <You've just wasted precious ordinance on god only
knows what piece of real-estate, and the worst part is that it
was all for nothing!>
     Mihoshi grimaced inwardly.  She paused for a moment before
answering. <Well, at least the Proximians won't be able to use
whatever ground they land on.>
     A low, curtailed growl emanated from Washu.  Barely was she
able to refrain from shooting her dizzy wingman form the sky.
     <Ooo, I'll see you when we get back to the ship, Mihoshi!>
she said.  Washu banked away, the rest of her section following
close behind.
     Already the plains were starting to get obscured by the
thick pyres of smoke rolling up from the shattered armor
scattered about below.  Ez and Ayeka's sections were currently
making runs across the formation, scattering a group dashing for
the protection of a near-by forest.
     <Take that, you monsters!> Ayeka cried.  She let out a
maniacal laugh, unleashing a spread of missiles. <Dare to bomb
Jurai will you.  Feel the wrath of the Royal Family!>
     Her cannons flashed stitching a trail across the topside of
heavy tank.  It exploded in a wash of flames, Proximian soldiers
scurrying for safety.  A stream of bolts streaked past her left
wing, Ayeka smirking hard as she maneuvered to dodge the ground
fire.
     Ryoko's laugh burned her ears. <Oh, not so bright of a move,
Miss Showoff.> she teased.
     <Be quiet, you unscrupulous cur!> Ayeka snapped. <You are
supposed to be covering me while I'm on a run, not harassing me!>
     <Hey, I'm not the one putting my butt into risky
situations.> Ryoko streaked in low, centering her sights on the
tank shooting up at Ayeka. <Just hold your water, Ayeka.  I'll
have this pirate silenced in one quick second.>
     She fired; the quad-barreled Proximian tank seconds too late
shifting targets.  The bolts ripped apart the slopped sides, and
in seconds it was rendered a smoking wreck.
     <Now that's tank busting, Ayeka,> Ryoko said as she climbed
away.
     If steam could boil from her ears, Ayeka's cotpit would have
been filled. <Sometimes, Ryoko, you just infuriate me!>
     <Naaayyyaahh, you're just pissed off because I saved your
light butt once again in front of Tenchi,> replied Ryoko.  She
laughed derisively, glancing out her cotpit for fresh targets.
Something faint in the sky caught her eyes, and she went silent.
     Hm, what's this? She wondered.  Ryoko squinted her eyes,
then started in her seat.
     <Hey, Ez!  What the hell are your weasel-birds doing up
there.  Sleeping?>
     Ez pulled up from his attack run, banking around across the
battlefield. <Something wrong, Ryoko?> he asked.
     <Plenty.  Fighters!> she replied.
     Tenchi heard her call looking out his cotpit.  Approaching
fast flew twenty-one Hammerhead fighters, probably the air cover
for this column of tanks.
     <Heads up, Aces.  We've got sharks coming in.> he warned
them.
     <Tenchi, Tenchi, let's go bounce'em!> Ryoko said excitedly.
     Ayeka's plane drew up beside her. <Ryoko, we are not here
for any dogfighting,> she scolded her rabid wingman. <We are
supposed to be raiding this armor column, and that is all!>
     Ryoko stared at Ayeka from her cotpit in a silence for a
moment, then narrowed her eyes.
     <Yooou Puff!> she said.
     <What!  What did you say?> snapped Ayeka.
     <You heard me.  Puff!>
     <How dare you insult me!  Why I--.>
     <Hold it back, Ayeka,> Tenchi cut in.  He took in their
current status and the surrounding carnage below.  Although the
Royal Aces had did quite a number on the Proximians, there still
remained many undamaged vehicles speeding off towards the pass.
     <Ez, Ayeka, Washu, what's your status?>
     <Ez here.  I've still got at least two more passes in my
section.>
     <Ditto, Tenchi,> added Washu.
     <Section Three is out of ground ordinance, Tenchi,> reported
Ayeka.
     Tenchi looked back at his group. <What about us, Kiyone?>
     <Just about gone, Tenchi.> she answered.
     <Hey, Boss.  We better do something quick.  Those sharks are
almost on us.> Ez said.
     Tenchi wasted no time. <Ez, Washu, finish your runs.  Ayeka,
drop your pods and run interference.  We'll follow you.>
     <All right, Shark Hunt!> exclaimed Ryoko.  Her ordinance
pods fell away from her wings, and she did a sharp climb up
towards the fighters.
     <Ryoko, wait for us!> shouted Ayeka mimicking her move.
     As the two sections engaged the Hammerheads, Washu guided
her flight around for another run.  They streaked in using the
sun behind them for cover, unleashing a devastating barrage of
missiles and bombs.  More tanks exploded, the ground littered
with soldiers and debris.  Ez followed up their attack, picking
off stragglers pulling back towards the other side of the valley.
     <Washu, we're not going to get all of these tanks,> Ez said.
     <Lets get what we can then,> she replied. <Make your last
run, then go help Tenchi.  We'll follow you.>
     <Roger.>
     As what remained of Ez's section turned out for their last
pass, Washu regroup hers readying for the follow-up run.  Only
three planes lost, not too bad from an overall standpoint.  A
glance down off her right found Mihoshi still with her.  Washu
grimaced finding herself in a tug-of-war of emotions, annoyed and
relieved all at once with her designated wingman.  How she had
survived the war so far still amazed her.  Some form of luck that
Mihoshi possessed kept her alive and out of harms way.  How long
it would last thought remained to be seen.
     <Okay people.  Last run and we're out of here.  Lets keep it
loose and don't take any undue chances.  Mihoshi, stay on my
flank and don't move.  Clear?>
     <Don't worry, Washu.  I'll cover you,> Mihoshi answered.
     Grimacing, Washu led them around.  Ez was already halfway
across the center columns, drawing a horrendous amount of ground
fire from all across the battlefield.  Up in the sky, Tenchi and
Ayeka's sections were locked in a wild free for all with the
Hammerheads; and the sharks were making a good account for
themselves.  It was now or never, Section Two dipping down for
their run.
     Gunfire and missiles streaked up to greet them, but their
luck held.  That was until a stream of bolts cut into one of the
planes from behind.
     <Hey we got company!> one of her pilots cried.  Washu's ESM
panel screamed its alert; a pair of Hammerheads sneaking up
searching for kills.
     Damn it! she muttered. <Go evasive, but stay on the
approach!> she ordered.  Another plane exploded.
     <With all due respects, ma'am,> said another pilot. <But if
we do that we're going to get creamed!>
     <Okay, I'll take care of this,> Mihoshi suddenly said.
     <Ha uh?> sounded Washu.  Mihoshi hit her forward thrusters,
applied air breaks, dropping back behind them.
     <Oh no!  Mihoshi, what are you doing?>
     <It's okay, Washu.  I've got it all under control,> she
replied.
     <Mihoshi, no!  Get back up here!>
     It was to late, Mihoshi slowing down just enough to fly up
between the two pursuing Hammerheads.  She glanced over at each
pilot, giving them a cheerful wave.
     [Mihoshi!] cried Yukinojo. [Are you trying to get us
killed?]
     "Oh stop it, Yukinojo," she replied.  Mihoshi dialed up one
of the common communications frequencies.
     <Uh, hi guys.  Say, uhm could you like not shoot at us for a
few minutes?  We're trying to conduct a run on your tanks below,
but you're messing up our attack.>
     Stunned expressions appeared on the faces of the Proximian
pilots, bright green eyes growing wide in disbelief.
     <Looko Nava Tikanee?> replied one of the pilots.
     <Um, I'm sorry I didn't quite catch that?> replied Mihoshi.
     [He asked if you are crazy, Mihoshi, and I must agree with
him!] Yukinojo said.
     <Mihoshi!  Get you stupid blonde butt out of there!>
screamed Washu.
     Ez came up. <What are you doing?>
     <I'm talking to the Proximians,> she replied.
     <Signing your death warrant is more to what you're doing.
Get out of there!>
     <Why? They've stopped like I asked.>
     It was true.  All across the battlefield every enemy gun had
gone silent, stunned eyes tracking the lone Swallowtail flying
bravely between the two Hammerheads.  Even the participants of
the dogfight above them paused to watch the scene.
     <Boy does Mihoshi have some nerve,> Ryoko commented.
     <She has gone insane,> added Ayeka.
     <Mihoshi, the is Kiyone.  Slide your dizzy tail out of there
now!>
     <Oh, you guys.  They wouldn't shoot me down.> She switched
circuits. <You guys wouldn't shoot me down, would you?>
     Jaws dropped at her question, both Proximian pilots applying
their brakes.  Mihoshi started, then followed right along with
them.
     <You know there's really no reason for us to fight.  We're
about ready to leave anyway,> she continued.  Several heads shook
in disbelief.  The Hammerheads suddenly split up, banking away in
a wide turn to either side of Mihoshi.
     <Uh oh, there they go!> exclaimed Ryoko. <Somebody better
get down there and cover her.>
     <We're on it,> replied Ez.
     Meanwhile, Washu had finally gotten through to Mihoshi,
raging mercilessly at her over the net.
     <You numbskull, you chucklehead!> she shouted as they
released their remaining rounds of ordinance. <I can't believe
you'd be so stupid to do such a thing.
     Mihoshi, returning to her position under the cover of Ez's
section, swallowed the lump of fear in her throat. <But I was
only trying to help,> she replied in a meek voice.
     <Gaaahh!  Help?  You were . . . Oooh!  Tenchi we're done.
Lets get the hell out of here before Mihoshi invites the
Proximians back to the carrier for tea and rice cookies.>
     <Okay.  Aces let's break it off!>
     The Royal Aces disengaged from the Proximians, every ounce
of power they could muster from their planes shooting them back
across the valley and the mountaintops beyond.  As they climbed
away, Tenchi looked back at the disrupted armor column, assessing
the effects of their attack.  The column was scattered smoke and
flames dotting the area, but still they were moving on for the
pass.
     <Damn, didn't even slow them down,> he said.
     <And they're going around my minefield too.  Shoot!> added
Washu.
     Tenchi sighed. <How many planes did we loose?>
     <Twelve,> answered Kiyone.
     <That will hurt,> said Ayeka. <Not to mention we still have
several Hammerheads in pursuit of us.>
     <We could always go back and smoke'em,> suggested Ryoko.
     <No, let's get back.  I don't want to take any more
casualties,> said Tenchi.  He looked back at the pass, shaking
his head slowly.  The Proximian tanks were starting to move
through it, when several bright flashes suddenly appeared along
the mountainsides.  Explosions quickly followed as remote mines
detonated among them, stopping the forward most columns dead in
their tracks.  He smiled looking forward.
     <Hey, Washu.  I think I know where Mihoshi's ordinance
went,> he said. . . .

                            * * * * *

     Finally reaching the cover of Federation fighters, the Royal
Aces flew back the Sekigahara without further loss.  Soon the
entire flight was on deck, moved down to hanger bay two for refit
and maintenance.  Tenchi powered down his plane, popped his
canopy and climbed down.  As he stepped to the deck, out the
corner of his eye he could see Washu waiting, a cold steady glare
locked squarely upon him.
     No, not again, he thought.  Drawing a deep sigh, Tenchi
prepared himself for the coming storm.  "Okay, Washu let's ge--."
     "She's going to drive me INSANE, Tenchi!" began Washu.
"She's going to get somebody killed.  She's going to screw up one
day and get herself killed!"
     "Washu," said Tenchi.
     "I just can't believe she passed flying school!"
     Washu was pacing around in a tight circle, arms flapping and
flailing in every direction.  Up the aisles of planes, Ez, Ayeka,
Kiyone, Ryoko, and Jasouleen; Ez's wingman approached.  They
spotted the two and were mindful to maintain a healthy distance
as they formed in a semicircle around them.
     "Look's like Tenchi's getting his regular post-flight
debriefing on Mihoshi," Ryoko said.
     Ayeka flinched as Washu literally leaped into the air to
emphasize a point.  "Disgraceful," she commented, shaking her
head.  "An officer should never digress into childless fits
before her commanding officer."
     "But you've never had the privilege of flying with Mihoshi
either", Kiyone said.  "It's no cakewalk, believe you me."
     A high-pitched laugh came from Jasouleen, her long crops of
braided red hair shaking back and forth about her shoulders.
"Ah, but for reasons of unknown, Mihoshi still maintains her
life," she pointed out to them.
     "Still not an excuse," replied Ez.  "Sometimes Washu has
valid points."
     Making sharp clicking sounds with her tongue, Jasouleen
crossed her slim arms across her chest.  "Is strange these
happenings.  Commander Masaki needs to better care his
assignments," she said.
     Ayeka quickly rose to Tenchi's defense.  "There is nothing
wrong with Tenchi's assignments," she snapped.
     "That is a matter of opinion," Ryoko said.  "And right now,
Washu is definitely voicing hers."
     The forlorn look Tenchi gave them relayed his frustrations
to them.  He tried again to calm Washu, but the tiny redhead's
anger held her at full throttle.
     "Washu."
     "We took missile fire, ack-ack, cannon rounds, hell we even
had fighters on our butts.  What can our light headed no-thinking
brainless child say?  Oops...  OOPS!"
     "Washu."
     "She's gonna get me killed, I just know it!"
     Tenchi finally had enough.  Reaching out, he took Washu by
the shoulders stopping her dead in her tracks.  "Washu, calm
down," he said firmly.
     Washu shook, but the look in Tenchi's eyes brought her back
to reality.  They stared at each other, and then she let out a
tired huff.  "I know, I know.  Don't let the pressure get to me",
she said sagging a bit.
     "No, that has already been pointed out", replied Tenchi.
"What I'm worried about is the way Mihoshi's been flying lately.
I can understand your concern."
     Washu's eyes went wide.  "So are you thinking about
grounding her?" she said hoping her fondest wish would come true.
     "No, but if she is such a burden, then maybe I should swap
her out with someone else."
     Off to the side, Kiyone gripped her heart and leaned up
against Ez for support.  "No, no, she's coming back to haunt me,"
she muttered.  Ez patted her gently on the shoulder.
     Tenchi laughed.  "No, Kiyone, I'm not going to assign her
back to you," he said.  The rest of the pilots suddenly tensed
waiting to see who would be cursed with Mihoshi next.
     "I'll take her," he finally said.
     "What!" exclaimed Ayeka.
     "Tenchi, sir or whatever.  You're asking to get killed!"
Ryoko said.
     "No I'm not.  Mihoshi seems to do well when I'm around, and
I think she is a pretty good pilot.  Besides, none of you want
her, so where can I put her?"
     "By self?" Jasouleen suggested.
     "Hell no!  That would be worse than having her lead a
strike," Ryoko countered.  "Give her to Ez."
     "Why don't you mind your own business," snapped Ez.  He
looked at Tenchi with a stern expression on his face.  There was
concern in his eyes, concern for his commander and friend.
"Tenchi, this is not the time for us to be risking a chance of
losing you," he said.
     "I know, but I've got to take the chance," replied Tenchi.
     "No you don't," Washu suddenly said.
     "I don't?"
     She cut her eyes from side to side.  Crossing her arms
across her chest, Washu shook as she hugged her shoulders tight
building up for her next words.  "I... I'll keep her."
     "You will?  What about all those things you were--."
     "Yes, I'm grumbling, yes I'm upset.  Ez is right though.
You taking on Mihoshi is signing you own death warrant.  No.  If
somebody has to have her, it might as well be me."
     A hand fell lightly on Washu's right shoulder; Ayeka patting
her gently.  "It is honorable," she said.  "Your bravery will be
greatly appreciated by us all here in the squadron."
     Washu shrugged her arm off.  "Listen to you!  You're just
happy Tenchi is not in harms way anymore."
     "Who, me?" replied Ayeka, feigning innocence.
     "Yes, you.  Don't think I'm not wise to all of your
scheming, Princess."
     "Busted," said Ryoko.  "Yooouuu Puff."
     Ayeka rounded on Ryoko, death glinting in her eyes.  "PUFF!
Who are you calling a Puff!  For that matter, what does that
mean?"
     Everyone went quiet.  Their stares confused Ayeka.  "Is this
something I should know about?" she asked.
     Ryoko snickered.  She placed a hand up to her mouth, but it
was futile, bursting out in fits of laughter.  Ez and Jasouleen,
and even Tenchi were hiding their smiles with difficulty.
     "What, Ryoko?  Tell me what that means!" demanded Ayeka.
     "I can't believe you don't know what it means.  BWAHAHAAA!"
exclaimed Ryoko.
     "Enough!" roared Ayeka angrily.  "I will not be made the
butt of some pirate joke!"
     "It is from Academy, Ryoko," said Jasouleen.
     "Whatever!  Ryoko, you will tell me what it means, do you
hear me?  Tell me what it means!"
     Ryoko drew in a breath.  "Never!" she gasped, holding her
stomach in renewed fits.
     "What!  Why I . Tenchi!"
     Tenchi knew he had better diffuse the situation fast.  "Uh,
it's nothing, Ayeka.  Uhm, why don't you and Ryoko go and make
sure the rest of the squadron is ramping up for our next strike,
okay?"
     Bristling with anger, Ayeka roughly grabbed her doubled
wingman and began pulling her off towards the center of the
hanger.
     "You will suffer for this insult, Ryoko," they could hear
her growling at Ryoko.
     "Yeah right, you Puff," snapped Ryoko.
     Those two thought Tenchi.  "Okay.  You stay with Mihoshi,
Washu."
     "Yes!" cried Kiyone.
     Tenchi's eyes cut over to Ez, and the hulking being quickly
understood.  "Okay, ladies.  Let's go make our reports to the
captain," he said.
     "Oh, and miss the rest of this fun?" said Jasouleen.
     A heavy hand ushered the woman along.
     With all of the distractions removed, Tenchi returned to
Washu and her immediate problem.  "I really don't think there is
anyone else I could safely trust with Mihoshi but you, Washu."
     Washu frowned.  It was a fact that she knew was true.  Even
when Mihoshi flew with Kiyone, it had been close encounters with
death on an almost constant basis.  True, she was not that bad of
a pilot, in fact she had the best kill-to-kill ratio out of
everyone in the Royal Aces.
     "She's got that luck," said Washu, not really meaning to
speak her thoughts aloud.
     "Luck?"
     "Yeah.  That luck of hers.  You know, `Mihoshi Luck'."
     Tenchi arched a brow.  "Mihoshi Luck.  Is that what you call
it?"
     "We all call it that.  I'm only worried about that one day
when her luck finally runs out."
     "Let's not think about it," replied Tenchi.  He gave Washu a
friendly nudge to the arm.  "With you as her partner, I don't
think that will ever happen."
     If it were even remotely true, Washu would have felt better.
In her mind though several visions of painful death in absolute
vacuum flashed.  She shook her head.
     "Tenchi. I do hope for all of our sake you are right.  I
don't want to have to write her family and explain why she died."
     Tenchi smiled confidently.  "Neither do I, Washu.  Neither
do I."

                            - - - - -

     A day after the successful strikes on Tauri, the Royal Aces
were slated for another raid against Proximian positions this
time well behind enemy controlled lines.  As they sat in the
ready room listening to Captain Zenigata, everyone felt that this
one would be the one that would end their days as a full squadron
on the Sekigahara.
     Zenigata stood before the holodisplay panel laying out the
mission.  "Now this attack will be centered on the Nan Valley
three hundred and sixty-two kilometers north northeast of Mago."
     The 3D display panned into the Nan Mountain Range, zooming
into a wide-open valley.  Trees filled much of the area; off to
the far north lay a wide lake.  Several roads ran through the
surrounding mountains snaking their way towards the Taurian
capital.
     "As you can see, the approach will be fairly difficult with
all the trees in the way," finished Zenigata.
     Tenchi leaned forward studying the display.  "I think we can
get in there without any difficulties," he said.
     "That's a given," Ryoko suddenly commented.  "The thing we
should be worried about is what's the target, and where is it."
     "I'm glad you asked that, Lieutenant," answered Zenigata.
The display shifted to an electronic readout from an aircraft
downlink.
     "Three days ago we managed to get four Thunderhawks in there
for a recon of the supply routes being used by the Proximians.
This is what they found."
     The Nan valley appeared again, only this time the same roads
that were empty on the computer display were now filled with
Proximian hover carriers and vehicles of all types.  They
appeared to be fully loaded with soldiers and cargo bound for the
current fronts.  Washu let out a long whistle.
     "Wow, what a good day this must have been," she said.
     Zenigata looked suddenly nervous.  "Uh, not exactly."
     In minutes after the first Thunderhawk broke down to take
advantage of their good fortune, the sky suddenly filled with a
myriad of bolts, missiles, and solid rounds.  The lead plane
disintegrated in a bright flash, followed quickly by its partner.
     The pilot of the plane taking the video put himself in a
hard g-pull skywards to avoid being shot down.  Something flashed
briefly across the nose, then the picture began gyrating, rezzing
in and out as the Thunderhawk pitched over in a final decent to
the ground.  Just before the forest came into view, Zenigata
froze the picture.
     "You see this," he said pointing out a fuzzy circular shape
on one of the sides of the mountains.  "Computer enhancements
identified this to be a Cyclops D class sensor dish."
     "A one-eyed D?" said Kiyone.  "That means this area must
have been turned into some kind of base."
     "Right you are, Lieutenant Kiyone," replied Zenigata.  The
screen went dark.  "I don't think we need to be seeing the rest
of that.  Now then, our intel folks think that the Nan Valley has
been turned into a major supply hub for their forward forces."
     Ayeka raised a timid hand into the air.  "Uh, sir.  I might
sound a tad bit bold, but why do we not send a few warships over
the sight and remove this unsafe flying hazard?"
     "Did that.  Unfortunately the three destroyers we sent were
attacked by several waves of Proximian attack craft.  One of the
destroyers was severely damaged, the other two barely made it
back unscathed."
     "But they didn't get to their target," Tenchi surmised.
Zenigata nodded slowly.
     "So we have to go in and root this base out, hope casualties
are not to high and flatten it, am I correct sir?" Jasouleen
boldly said.
     "You are correct," answered Zenigata.
     "We're going to get plastered," one of the pilots in the
back was heard to say.
     That irked Tenchi's nerves the negative thoughts and
comments raising the blood pressure in his veins.  He stood up
and faced them.
     "Okay, I know we have had difficult missions in the past,
but the Aces have never ever failed yet.  I do not intend to make
this one our first."
     "Geesh, Tenchi.  You saw how much flak got thrown up at
those four leadbuckets," Ryoko said.  "The Prox aren't stupid.
They'll tighten up their defenses no doubt about it."
     "We still have to try," Tenchi replied.  "If I figure this
right, knocking out this base will slow down the advance on Mago
from the north.  That means more of our ground forces can get
inside the safety of the city defenses."
     Pointing out the overall benefit this would be for the
combatants on the surface seemed to dispel all the doubts the
pilots had.  Tenchi felt their tensions subside and he retook his
seat.
     "Okay, sir.  Now that everyone is back onboard, who else is
going to support us?" he asked.
     The troubled look returned to Captain Zenigata's face.
     "Uh, Commander . that part is something we have to `discuss'
offline."
     By his tone, Tenchi felt this whole thing had just gone from
bad to worse.

                            - - - - -

     Lieutenant Commander Tenchi Masaki sat biting his bottom lip
nervously, milling Captain Zenigata's last piece of information
around in his head.
     No fighter escort.  No supporting units.  Just us.  One
hundred and twenty-five Swallowtail attack bombers going into
hell's kitchen.  Where is the justice in all of this?  Behind him
waiting for their leader to say something sat the flight leaders.
Tenchi could sense they also were shocked, stunned, and in total
disbelief that Rear Admiral Cologne could ask any of her
squadrons to do what amounted to as a suicide mission.  He turned
slightly, eyes cutting over to the side then stood slowly up.
     "Well, I guess we can say we've bit off more that we can
chew," Tenchi began.
     "Understatement," Ez said.
     He shrugged.  "I can't say that I blame you for being
upset."
     "Tenchi," said Washu.  "The Proximians will probably track
us all the way along whatever route we take, not to mention shoot
at us."
     "We're going to take hits going in and out," added Ryoko.
     "I know, but you heard the Captain.  Our forces are
stretched thin.  We have got to try."
     "No fighter support?" questioned Jasouleen.
     The first obstacle to tackle; Tenchi pondered on her remark.
An idea suddenly came to him.
     "Right.  So we don't get fighter support, then we create
fighter support," he told them.
     "And from where?" asked Kiyone.
     "Our very own squadron."
     Ez sat up slowly in his seat.  His canines flashed in a
broad grin.  "Brilliant," he said, liking the idea.
     "But Tenchi will not that limit our ground strike ordnance?"
asked Ayeka.
     "A little bit, but nothing we cannot compensate for.  Who's
ordering loadouts from the armory?"
     Washu glanced at the mini computer mounted on her wrist.
She recalled the duty roster.  Suddenly her eyes went wide.  "Uh,
ah hah . Mihoshi," she answered.
     The air seemed to grow several degrees lower in the ready
room.  Mihoshi though perked up.
     "Yippee!" she cried out.  "And I'll have everyone geared up
no problem."
     "Like hell you--," began Washu, but Tenchi cut in.
     "Let her."
     Washu spun around to shocked to speak or say anything.  The
other remaining pilots mimicked her expression.
     "Tenchi, you're going to allow Mihoshi to load us out?"
Kiyone managed to say.
     Tenchi let the question pass.  "Mihoshi, I want a category
four loadout installed on Ayeka's section.  Load the remainder of
the squadron with a Cat Twelve Alpha configuration, got it?"
     "Uh, wait a minute, uh, Commander," said Mihoshi, fumbling
around her flight suit for something to write on.  Producing a
pencil and wadded up candy wrapper, she grinned.  "Now that was a
Cat Forty-two for Ayeka, and a, a, what level for us?"
     Tenchi placed a hand to his face and shook his head.

                            - - - - -

     A brilliant glow lit the launch bay of hanger four as
Sekigahara repositioned its orbit over Tauri.  At the urging of
Tenchi, Commodore Yosho complied with his request to give the
Royal Aces as short of a decent time as possible without
jeopardizing the safety of the carrier and her escorts.  The
squadron of Swallowtail bombers sat poised on the runway, loaded
out ready to begin the mission.
     Tenchi thought about that, milling repeatedly the images of
death he had seen so far in this war.  There would be more and he
would have to bear that fact as he wrote those letters to next of
kin.  He paused.  Who would write his to his father back on
Terra?  Maybe he should do it himself, sparing anyone that
unpleasant task.  His thoughts drifted to the rest of his
friends.
     I don't ever think about this much, he said to himself.  I
could not bear to see any of them die.  Ryoko, Ayeka, Kiyone, Ez,
Washu, Mihoshi.
     Mihoshi.
     A bundle of energy wrapped in a tight bundle of thin rice
paper ready to explode.  Her determination was something to
admire, but it also precluded the option for disaster.  He looked
out across the runway over at Mihoshi's plane.  From the way her
head rested against the side of the canopy, Tenchi knew she was
asleep.
     Never a dull moment from her that was for sure.
     Tenchi's comms-light flashed.  <Go,> he said into his helmet
mic.
     <Tenchi.>  It was Washu and she sounded three sheets away
from exploding.
     <What did she do now?> he answered.
     <Have-you-checked-our-weapons-loadout?>
     He frowned.  Switching displays, Tenchi looked over the
information of his planes current load of weapons.  His jaw
slowly dropped to his chest.  <This isn't a--,>
     <It is a CAT Twenty-two loadout, Tenchi!  A Cat Twenty-two,
what the hell are we going to do with a Cat Twenty-Two
configuration?>
     Tenchi let out a groan.  A Category Twenty-two load meant
the missiles and bomb cluster units were setup for underground
bore and detonation attacks.  This strike was configured to
attack subterranean bunkers, silos, and other hard targets.  If
the Proximian base was on the surface then at best all the
squadron could do was plant their ordinance as close to the
targets as possible and hope the explosion could do the rest.
     For something like that though, it meant they would have to
expose themselves to any AA-fire encountered for longer periods
while on the decent.
     <Do we have time to reload?> he asked Washu.
     <Only if the Commodore is willing to comeback this close to
Tauri again,> she answered him.
     Oh, why me.  Tenchi realized his mistake too late to do
anything about it.  All the trust he had in Mihoshi faded away;
this mix-up costing them dearly.  He shifted nets and caught the
bitter scolding Ez was delivering to Mihoshi.
     <How could you do this, Mihoshi!  We've only got minutes to
go before launch, and we're configured out wrong.>
     <ooo . ah, I thought I had it written down right,> replied
Mihoshi.
     <You thought!  You thought wrong, Ensign.  Now we are going
to have to delay, and that is not good.>
     <Hold up, Ez,> Tenchi cut in.  <Okay, Aces.  Our loadout is
wrong, but there's no time to reload.>
     <Tenchi, we're still going to try this?> said Kiyone.
     <Ship will not come back this close again.  We go now and
hope for the best.>
     Washu came online.  <Suicide.  Pure suicide.>
     He ignored her comment.  <Ayeka, did you get the right
load?>
     <Affirmative, Tenchi,> she answered.
     At least they had some semblance of fighter cover.
     <See, I knew I got part of it right,> said Mihoshi.
     <Can it, lost-one,> snapped Washu.  <Still does the rest of
us no good.>
     Tenchi could feel the depression across the net from
Mihoshi.  Hopefully, she would not start crying.
     <WAAAAAA!!!!>
     Click!
     "So much for that," said Tenchi.
     Green lights at the end of the launch ramp started flashing
indicating the hanger was ready for operations.  The track light
lit up and Tenchi switched to the primary net.
     <Bay Control, This is Royal Ace leader requesting permission
for launch.>
     <Royal Aces, permission granted, and . good luck.> came the
reply.
     Tenchi increased throttle, guiding his plane along the grav
track towards the opening.  <Okay, Aces.  We've been cleared.
Remember to keep your heat shields up on the roll out.  We'll be
breaching atmosphere almost as soon as we've cleared the
carrier.>
     <Yeah, with a dud loadout too,> Ryoko said.
     <Don't remind us,> grumbled Ez.
     As Tenchi's plane shot down the ramp, he could not help but
reflect on Ryoko's words.  "Unfortunately, she right," he said to
himself.  "I just hope Mihoshi's luck will rub off on us today."

                            - - - - -

     The Royal Aces hugged the terrain as low as they could,
streaking along at high speed to their intended objective.  Every
eye in the squadron watched scanner displays with nervous
anticipation searching for the first sign of Proximian activity.
Tenchi led his section up to a higher altitude for a better look
at the approach ahead.
     <Looks quiet so far,> he said across the communications net.
     <I'm picking up Prox sensor spikes, but their weak and
nothing of concern,> Jasouleen reported.
     <But we aren't there yet,> said Ryoko.  <Bet the Prox will
have some surprise waiting for us.>
     <Ooo, you are so negative, Ryoko,> Ayeka growled at her.
<Our main thoughts should be on how to successfully complete this
mission.>
     <Listen to the Puff trying to tell me about negatives,>
replied Ryoko.  She went into a mocking tone, mimicking Ayeka.
<Why don't we send a few warships in and blast everything.>
     <What!  Why you over-egotistical--, what does this `Puff'
word mean!>
     Ryoko's cackling brought a chuckle from Tenchi.  On the
horizon closing with each passing second rose the Nan Mountains.
Tenchi dropped his section low once more not daring to enhance
the chances of sensor contact from one of the Proximian unit sure
to be moving along the roads.
     His ESM alarm beeped suddenly.
     "Damn," he muttered.
     <Tenchi, we've got a snitch out here,> Washu called over the
net.
     <I gathered as much,> he answered her.
     <Tenchi, let me go and blast him!  Oh, please, please,
please?> begged Ryoko.
     <No time for that,> he said.  <Ez, Washu, slide left and cut
in through that gap to the west.  We'll go up the slot and draw
their attention.  Ayeka, form up high and look for enemy
fighters.>
     His orders were acknowledged.  Ez and Washu's waves were
just starting to deploy when another series of alarms filled the
ears of the pilots.
     <WOW!  Tracscans, a whole mess of'em!> Kiyone said calling
out the warning.
     It looked like the hills and rises that made up the Nan
Mountain range suddenly lit up in a frightening blur of bolts and
missiles.  Tenchi cried out as he pulled back on his joystick.
His plane pitched shooting upwards towards the sky; Kiyone and
the rest of his section following his lead.
     The telltale thunder of hits followed and he glanced around
to see four of the Swallowtails dissipating into great balls of
fire and smoke.  More explosions dotted the sky where Ez and
Washu's groups were maneuvering to evade the heavy fire.
     <Hey, these bastards aren't going to give us a chance to get
into the valley!> Jasouleen cried frantically.
     <Bullshit!> Tenchi replied angrily.  He had to think of
something quick.  <Ez, Washu, rush the valley, full throttle,
don't stop for anything!>
     <Rush the valley?> Washu and Ez said in unison.
     <Yes!  Everybody head for the valley, now!>
     It seemed strange to the Royal Aces, but they followed the
order.  Turning into the maelstrom of fire went the Swallowtails,
exhaust port glowing bright blue as the pilots pushed their
engines as far as they could go.  Bobbing and weaving around like
a cloud of locust, they took more casualties, heard the screams
and cries of their comrades' carry over the net, but reached the
top of the mountains and dived for the valley floor.
     <We made it!> exclaimed Ayeka.
     <Yeah, I would have fired back at them but I had nothing to
shoot'em with,> Washu said.
     <I said I was sorry!> cried Mihoshi.
     <Don't start crying now, Mihoshi!> shouted Tenchi.  <This is
not over yet.>
     Tenchi was referring to the cluster of domed white buildings
situated near the center of the valley.  Long columns of
Proximian vehicles raced along the highway for the apparent
safety of the forest.  ESM alarms sounded again; Tenchi spotting
gun and missile emplacements dotting the hills and open grounds.
He grimaced, letting out a groan.
     <This is going to hurt,> Ez said.
     Not one to keep his enemy waiting, Ez tipped his plane over
in a dive towards the first group of buildings.  Again the flack
rose up in torrents, ripping gaping holes in his already thinning
section.
     <Ez, what do we set the Gophers to?> asked Jasouleen.
     <Ten meters.  That should be enough to get us results.>
     His targeting computer told him all weapons were set.
Letting out a deep throaty war cry, Ez released his safety cover
and let go with a full spread of Gopher bomb clusters.  They
spiraled down, a rain of metal and plasticeramic nodules that
ripped through the constructions like a hot knife on butter.
Pulling back hard, Ez and his strike peeled away.  He looked back
watching great geysers of flames and debris rise up in the air.
     <Yeeehaa!> cried Jasouleen over the circuit.  <We hit
foolish Proximians hard!>
     Ez studied the results of his attack.  <Yeah,> he replied
somberly.
     <What wrong, Ez?>
     <Our attack,> he replied.
     Switching up, Ez called Tenchi.  <Hey boss, this was too
good.>
     Tenchi had moved his section out away from the deluge of
ground fire to get a better look at Ez's run.  He too noticed
that despite the resistance, it appeared that the Proximians were
not trying to hamper them in any serious way.
     <I copy, Ez.  Yeah, something is not right here.>  He
strained trying to see through the smoke billowing up in the air.
<Ryoko, peel off and run a fly-by on those buildings.>
     <You want me to hot dog'em?> she asked.
     <Yes, but tell me what kind of damage Ez did on them.>
     <I'm on it.  Going down.  See'ya, Puff,>
     <Arrgh, you despicable cur!>
     Laughing, Ryoko broke away from Ayeka's section flying cover
over the valley.  She put her Swallowtail into a steep dive
braving the hail of fire being directed at her.  Tenchi chose
well whom to send in for an assignment like this.  Ryoko reveled
in her excitement, exercising her long overdue joyride.  Nobody
in the squadron came close to her when it came to twisting and
dodging in a fight.  Her plane danced and darted around the sky
like a mosquito, frustrating both automated and manned gunners
trying to bring her down.
     With a loud roar of thrusters, Ryoko banked out of her dive,
teeth grit tight from the g-forces pressing on her body.  She
rolled avoiding a stream of bolts, then shot out towards the
Proximian complex.  Lost in the smoke, the gunfire ceased, and
Ryoko peered out of her cotpit.  What she saw made her frown.
     <Heeyyyyy,> she called  over the circuit.
     <What have you got, Ryoko?> Tenchi asked her.
     <This is bull!>  Ryoko could see in side several of the
holes blasted in on of the larger buildings.  Expecting a mass of
machinery and other stores typically found around supply
terminals, instead the entire inside was devoid of anything
whatsoever.
     <Tenchi, this is a decoy!  The whole friging place is a
decoy!>
     Tenchi cursed to himself, angered by the deception.  <Ez,
looks like your hunch was right,> he said.
     <What now, Tenchi?> Washu asked.
     <We've got to find the real supply base,> he replied.
     <How?  My scanners are only picking up this place here.>
     <Then it is hidden or cammoed.  In either case we've got to
find it!>
     <Lord Tenchi,> Ayeka cut in suddenly.  <You had better do it
quick.  We've just picked up Hammerheads approaching from the
West and North.>
     <Great, a trap,> said Tenchi.  It was time to think fast.
<Washu, scout the lake and northeastern section of the valley,
Ez, take up the west end.  Kiyone, we'll scrub the East area.
Full sweeps, all scans forward and watch yourselves.  The Prox
aren't just going to allow us a free ride.  Ryoko, get your butt
back up with Ayeka and help her keep those fighters off us.>
     The section leaders acknowledged his orders and the Royal
Aces split off.  Immediately, the Proximians realized that their
ruse had failed.  What had been considered heavy ground fire
paled in comparison to what came next.
     Hidden emplacements sprouted up out of areas the Aces did
not expect filling the skies with death and destruction.  Even
the army units moving along the roads joined in and in seconds
casualties began to mount.
     <Tenchi, this is not going to work!> shouted Kiyone as she
evaded the gunfire exploding around them.
     Tenchi did not have time to answer, maneuvering hard himself
trying not to get killed in this engagement.  On his tactical
display he could see that his squadron was losing this fight and
bad.  The light blue squares marking his planes were rapidly
winking out.  Up above them, Ayeka's section fought to hold back
the Hammerheads swarming like their namesakes ready to pounce
once the group attempted to flee.
     It began to look hopeless, Ez telling Tenchi so on the net.
     <We've got to try and find that supply base,> Tenchi told
him.  <If we can knock it out, the Prox advance on Mago will slow
to a crawl.>
     <But suicide is not the way to go about this, Tenchi,>
replied Ez.  <As much as it chokes me, I think we should
withdraw!>
     Ez was right and Tenchi knew it.  The Aces had never failed
before, but this mission appeared to be shot.
     <Washu,> he called, making one last desperate attempt to
salvage things.  <Have you finished your sweep yet?>
     <Finished?  These bastards have so much flak up this way I
could walk across it,> she replied.
     <I take that as a no, yes?>
     <Affirmative!>
     Tenchi thought a moment.  <Ez, Kiyone, Ayeka, let's give
Washu a chance to do her thing.  Everybody run interference. Try
to draw some of that ground fire away so she can squeak in for a
look-see.  If she turns up nothing, we bag ass outta here.>
     All three flights redeployed to cover Washu as she reformed
her flight for the dash north.  Taking the lead, Washu dropped
low braving the fire, Mihoshi on her seven o'clock one level
behind.
     <Okay everyone, switch to forward scan, maximum power.  Keep
those eyes peeled for any sign or indications of Prox activity.>
     <Does that include the AA positions, Washu?> asked Mihoshi.
     Washu grit her teeth, hands flexing rapidly.  <Mihoshi. you
just stay close and tell me if anything unusual comes up on
Yukinojo's sensors.  Clear?>
     <Okay, partner!>
     Washu growled leading her flight around the hills towards
the far lake.
     Tenchi's plan was working somewhat.  A portion of the ground
fire had been diverted towards the converging planes, but Washu's
flight still received more than it's fair share of attention.
Suspecting that they were on to something, Washu ordered full
throttle; a dangerous practice so close to the ground.  Several
times she felt the tops of trees braking on the underside of her
plane, but pressed on hoping the added speed would keep her
alive.
     Washu glanced down at her scanner watching the light gray
sweep flashing rapidly back and forth.  Nothing even close to a
structure or evidence of industrial activity appeared.  Where the
hell can these guys be, wondered Washu?  She banked guiding her
flight along the shoreline of the lake towards the surrounding
mountains.
     Making a quick switch, Washu brought up her link with the
rest of the planes.
     "Nothing. Nothing. Nothing?" she said, cycling through each
display.  When she reached Mihoshi's, no readout appeared.
     <Mihoshi!> shouted Washu.  <Why the hell is your scanner not
in sync with me!>
     In her cotpit, Mihoshi grimaced.  <Ooops,> she replied.
     <Oops does not answer my question,> snapped Washu.
     <Well, I was just scanning the groups of missiles coming in
on an intercept course from those mountains to the east.>
     Washu's head snapped over to the right, spotting the
telltale glow of thruster exhaust dotting the treetops.
     <AAAAHHHH!  Mihoshi, why didn't you tell us about those
sooner!> cried Washu.
     <Well... you only said to tell you about unusual detections,
and they--,>
     <FORGET IT!  EVERYBODY SCATTER!  SCATTER, SCATTER, SCATTER,
SCATTER, SCATTER!>
     Like an exploding firecracker the Swallowtails scattered for
the four winds.  Some of them were not fortunate getting caught
in the surrounding crossfire, but it looked like Washu was taking
the brunt of the fire.  She climbed straight up into the sky
drawing a hail of bolts, missiles, and solid rounds with her.  It
was so thick that Mihoshi had to turn away cutting up under the
defensive ring, streaking over the lakeshore towards the
mountains beyond.
     Yukinojo's alerts were screaming in her ears.  [Mihoshi,
Mihoshi!] cried the computer urgently.
     "Yes, Yukinojo?"
     [We've got missiles on our tail!  Impact time is twenty-five
seconds!]
     Mihoshi glanced back spotting the large cluster of missiles
in hot pursuit of her plane.  She looked forward again panic in
her eyes.  Fortunately, Washu's maneuver had cleared the way
ahead, but Mihoshi hesitated not sure which way to go.
     [Do something, Mihoshi!  Fifteen seconds to impact.]
     "What, what?" cried Mihoshi.
     [I can loose them, but I am already at maximum conventional
power now.  In order to maneuver you have to jettison your entire
ordinance.  Ten seconds to impact.]
     Mihoshi quickly flicked off the safety cover on her trigger
switch.  Looking up, the side of the mountains loomed larger,
getting closer with each millisecond.
     [Eight, seven,] Yukinojo counted down.
     It was now or never; Mihoshi pressed the button.
     Every pod on her plane went off sending Gophers clusters
streaking out towards the terrain ahead.  Her plane now lightened
by the move shot up into the sky.  Yukinojo released a flurry of
chaff and decoys, twisting and rolling until the last missile
lost its lock.
     Mihoshi held the sides of her helmet, head spinning from the
maneuvers.  "Wow," she said.  She let out a giggle.  "That was
fun, Yukinojo.  Let's do that again!"
     [No thank you!] replied her computer.  It paused a moment.
[Mihoshi.]
     "Yes, Yukinojo?"
     [I think you might want to see what your ordinance is
doing.]
     Frowning, Mihoshi peered out her cotpit at the ground below.
     Explosions pot marked the area around the lake and base of
the mountainsides; explosions that continued to travel through
the water, and up the hills.
     And through the surrounding forest.
     And along the mountain crest.
     And along the nearby road.
     Time stopped around the battlefield, the Royal Aces as well
as the stunned Proximians watching in awe and surprise as
Mihoshi's Gopher clusters burrowed into the ground locking in on
power lines, underground conduits, and other energy sources they
were designed to seek and destroy.  All eyes went wide as another
powerful explosion literally ripped the side of the mountains
off.  The avalanche of rocks and trees slid into the newly
excavated crater exposing the industrial complex that made up the
Proximian supply base.
     A large burst of water and steam erupted from the lake
sending a wave crashing across the lands around it.
     Tenchi managed to break from his stupor.  <Mihoshi found the
base!> he cried.  <Let's blast it and go home!>
     The Swallowtails poured out of the sky, swarming on the new
target eager to demolish it.  They were fortunate, some of
Mihoshi's ordinance knocked out the main station powering the
defenses.  With nothing to hinder their attack, the Royal Aces
decimated the underground base in a matter of seconds.
     <All right folks, lets clear out before the Prox recover
their wits,> Tenchi ordered.
     He had to say no more and what remained of the Royal Aces
shot out for the nearest edge of the valley.  Ayeka's flight
managed a fighting rearguard allowing Tenchi to reform the
squadron.  Once they were safely together, he led them up into
the sky back towards the Sekigahara and home.

                            - - - - -

     By the time the Royal Aces touched down on deck, word had
spread quickly across Tauri and Task Group 56 about the
destruction of Proxima's main forward supply base.  As each of
the planes touched down on deck, cheers rose up from the deck
crews, a swarm of people massing around the squadron ships.
     Tenchi looked confused, wondering what was going on when he
stepped out of his cotpit.  His ground crew cheered and
congratulated him with pats on the back.  Other squadron pilots
also applauded his actions.  Out of the crowd Kiyone pressed her
way through the growing throng to reach him.
     "Uh, Commander I think we're famous now," she said to him.
     Tenchi smirked.  "Yeah, word gets around fast doesn't it?"
he replied.
     Over at her plane, Ayeka stood basking in the sudden
attention, head held high as she received another round of
applause.
     "Yes, yes, it was nothing.  Common task our duties call
for," she said smiling wide.
     Ez, Jasouleen, and Ryoko stood watching her, shaking their
heads.
     "Look at that Puff basking in glory she doesn't even
deserve," grumbled Ryoko with a sneer.
     "Hey, everybody deserves all this," replied Ez.
     ". Then two of the monsters tried to catch me in a cross
fire," they could hear Ayeka saying to her ground crew.  "An easy
slide right, and I finished them handedly."
     Jasouleen turned her head up to him.  "Give me break," she
said, rolling her eyes.
     A sudden loud cheer rose up drawing everyone's attention.
"Look!" shouted one of the crewmen.  "Lieutenant Washu and Ensign
Mihoshi are here!"  The swarm around the pilots surged towards
the far hanger lift where Washu and Mihoshi's planes were being
guided off to their berths.
     "Wait!  I have not told you about my last three kills!"
shouted Ayeka.
     Ryoko laughed.  "Yooouuu Puff!" she called to the princess.
"They don't want to hear your lies."
     Ayeka flinched sharply.  "Lies!  I am not lying.  I did take
down three of those monsters in one shot!"
     Ryoko waved her off, following Tenchi and the rest of the
pilots heading over to Mihoshi's Swallowtail.
     There, her ground crew pulled the mystified woman from her
cotpit; carrying her around on their shoulders while the rest of
the crews chanted, "Mihoshi" at the top of their lungs.
     "Did I do something wrong?" asked Mihoshi, looking around at
the crowd fearfully.
     "I don't think so, Mihoshi," Kiyone said to her.  "Believe
it or not, you're a hero now."
     "Me?"
     "Yes, you," answered Tenchi.
     Tenchi looked around searching for the other half of the
dynamic duo.  He spotted Washu standing next to her plane a long,
almost lost look on her face.  Walking over, she seemed not to
notice him and he knelt beside her.
     "Washu?"
     She remained frozen in place, not even a slight blink to
indicate she was alive.
     "Washu," Tenchi said again, giving her a light shake.
     The tiny redhead's head twitched slightly.
".wuooahaaahhaa," babbled Washu.
     "Are you okay?"
     ". uubah  aoug offsfmhoo. yeearhgh."
     "What?"
     Tenchi shook her only to receive the same babbling reply.
Ez and the rest of the flight leaders came up behind him.
     "What's going on here?" asked Kiyone.
     "I don't know," answered Tenchi.  Washu's acting strange and
I can't snap her out of it."
     "Hold on," said Kiyone.
     She moved closer, placing a hand to Washu's forehead.  "Hmm,
veins pulsing at high speed," she said.  Tilting her head up,
Kiyone gazed into her eyes.  "Pupils dilated, rapid dancing of
the eyes.  Yep she's got it."
     Everyone immediately jumped back.
     "What!  Got what?" shouted Ryoko, placing an arm across her
mouth and nose.
     "Mihoshi syndrome," answered Kiyone.  "I used to get it all
the time when I had her for my wingman."
     "Oh, how horrible," said Ayeka.
     "Tch, tch, tch, tch, tch," sounded Ryoko, shaking her head.
"Looks like Washu's definitely out of it."  She reached down
raising Washu's left arm then let go, watching it flop lifelessly
back to her side.
     "Yep, she's outt'a here."
     "Kiyone, will Washu recover?" asked Ez.
     "She should.  It only last for a few minutes after
touchdown."  The chant of Mihoshi's name grew louder; Kiyone
looking briefly over at the crowd.  "In fact, that should bring
her out of it right about. now."
     Washu's body suddenly started sharply as her ears caught the
repetitive chant drifting through the hanger bay.  She gasped,
then began a frantic quiver that grew more intense with each
passing second.  Tenchi grabbed her, holding tight.
     "WAAHHH, WAAAHHH!  Look out for that gunfire!
AAARRRRGGGHHH, SHE'S TRYING TO KILL MEEEE!"
     Jasouleen smirked, looking over at Kiyone with a shrug.
     "Delayed reactions," Kiyone explained.
     Washu's convulsions continued.  "OH NO, OH NO, THIS IS IT,
THIS IS IT!"
     "Washu!" shouted Tenchi.
     "I'M GOING TO DIE, AHHHH!"
     "WASHU!"
     She stopped, drawing back to stare at Tenchi.  A long moment
passed before Washu realized what and where she was.
     "I'm, I'm alive," she stammered, patting her body checking
to see if everything was still there.  "My head, my heart, my
brains, my breast, all here, all here!"
     Tenchi released her and stood up.  "You expected otherwise?"
     "Yes."
     He laughed.  "I'm glad to see you haven't lost your sense of
humor."
     Washu breathed a heavy sigh.  Her body sagged as if a great
weight pressed down on her shoulders only to stiffen again as the
chant returned.
     "MI-HO-SHI, MI-HO-SHI, MI-HO-SHI!"
     Every utterance of Mihoshi's name was echoed by a sharp
twitch on Washu's face.  She grimaced, taking a few steps away.
     "Stop them. please stop them!" she begged her friends.
     "But Washu, they celebrate our success," Jasouleen told her.
     "I don't care if it's the end of the war, just stop them
from chanting that name!"
     "What, Mihoshi?" Ryoko said mischievously.  Ayeka gave her a
swift kick in the rear.
     Washu pressed her arms to the side of her head as the chant
continued.  "Argh!  I'm going crazy!"
     "Washu--," began Tenchi, but she cried out cutting him off.
     "Tenchi please, please stop them!"
     He did not have to.
     "TEN-HUT!" called a loud voice.  Everyone snapped to ridged
attention; Mihoshi gently lowered to the deck as Vice-Admiral
Happosai, Rear-Admiral Cologne, Commodore Yosho, and Captain
Zenigata approached.
     "Yes, yes, yes," chanted Happosai with a low chuckle.  He
stopped in front of Tenchi and looked up.  Staring quietly for a
long moment, Tenchi thought he was about to receive some sort of
dress down.  Instead, the little admiral reached out and began
shaking his hand.
     "Commander Masaki, let me personally congratulate you for a
superb job you and your squadron accomplished today.  I am highly
impressed with the Royal Aces, highly impressed!"
     "You were watching us?" Tenchi asked him.
     "Couldn't help it, seeing that one of our scanner officers
locked the forwards sensors on you."
     Tenchi frowned.  Glancing briefly back over a shoulder at
Ez, he was confused until a mop of long blue hair set atop the
beaming face of an Ensign appeared from behind Commodore Yosho.
     "Sasami!" cried Ayeka.
     Her younger sister matched her joy, dashed over hugging her
tight.
     "Ayeka, I was so worried about you," Sasami said.  "When I
heard you were going without fighter support, I could not stand
not knowing if you would be coming back."
     "Oh, Sasami," replied Ayeka.  She stoked her sister's head
affectionately.  "You must not worry so much about me.  I'm a
grown woman and a seasoned warrior."
     "Not to mention a big Puff," Ryoko muttered low.  Ez's foot
hit her in the rear this time.
     "Ignore her," said Ayeka.  "Besides, Tenchi's attacks are
always planned perfectly.  I am in no danger."
     "Indeed they are," Cologne said.  Bounding over to balance
in front of him, she too congratulated Tenchi.  "I am proud of
you.  We all are proud of you and your squadron.  You have saved
considerable live because of your efforts."
     Zenigata let out a laugh, rubbing the back of his head.
"We've already received reports from Brigadier General Goodchild
that several of the Proximian spearheads have ground to a halt.
He's managed to withdraw four divisions into defensive positions
safely thanks to you."
     This overwhelmed Tenchi, but his mind was drawn back to the
losses the Ace's took.  "I still lost a lot of planes, sir,"
     "Unfortunate, but due to your situation understandable,"
replied Zenigata.
     That did nothing to relieve Tenchi of the remorse he felt
for the pilots killed in this action.  "I could not have done it
with out the help of my squadron," he replied.  "They deserve all
the credit."
     "Yes they do," said Happosai.  "Especially your two pilots
whose actions made everything possible."
     "Ah, yes," said Yosho.  He looked around at the crowd.
"Lieutenant Commander Washu, Lieutenant J.G. Mihoshi, front and
center!"
     Washu came forward.  "Lieutenant Commander?" she questioned.
     "Yes.  As of this very moment you Washu have been promoted
to the rank of Lieutenant Commander," Vice Admiral Happosai said.
     Washu was stunned and happy all in one moment.  Everyone's
eyes turned to gaze at Mihoshi.  The blonde stood wondering what
it was they were looking at.
     "Mihoshi, he means you," Jasouleen said pointing at her.
     "Me?  OH!" cried Mihoshi.  She ran to the front, snapping
briskly to attention before the two admirals.  "Gee this is all
so sudden-like, I mean really I'm not due for promotion for
several months."
     "Mihoshi," said Happosai.
     Mihoshi continued to ramble on.  "And I can't begin to think
of how many days I wondered if I would be around for this,"
     "Mihoshi ," said Cologne.
     "Why just a few days ago I was talking to Proximians, I mean
looking them straight in the eyes, well close to it, but enough
too--."
     "Lieutenant!" bellowed Captain Zenigata.
     She stopped startled by his voice.
     Happosai shook her hand.  "Congratulations, Lieutenant j.g.
Mihoshi."
     "Uh... thank you sir."
      "Mihoshi, what made you load up the squadron with Gopher
clusters anyway?" asked Commodore Yosho.
     "Good question," added Zenigata.  "When I heard you had
fitted the wrong loadout, I almost flowed through the circuit.
Turns out it was a good thing you did."
     Mihoshi shrugged.  "I dunno.  Luck?"
     "Mihoshi Luck," somebody said from out of the crowd.
     Happosai pondered the answer.  "Mihoshi luck," he said
milling around.  "Mihoshi Luck.  I like it!  Mihoshi Luck!"
     "It appears your `Luck' is contagious, Mihoshi," Cologne
added.
     Happosai turned back to Tenchi.  "Commander, you have a top-
notch team here," he said.  "I'm happy to see them working so
well together."
     Tenchi smiled.  "Yes, sir.  The Aces do have something
unique about them," he said.
     "They sure do.  Oh, and before I forget, when I said
Commander, I mean Commander."
     "Commander?" replied Tenchi.
     "Why yes!" said Cologne.  "The position of Group Leader
requires a full Commander, and you are my man."
     Excitement flowed through Tenchi.  Group Leader meant not
only he lead the Royal Aces, but several other attack squadrons
of the wing.
     "Come see me later, Tenchi," finished Cologne.
     Yosho and Zenigata came over congratulating Tenchi on his
promotion.  He could see the bright gleam in his uncle's eyes, a
feeling of pride flowing through his chest.
     "I'm proud of you, Tenchi," said Yosho.  "Your mother would
be too."
     "Thank you, sir."
     "Tenchi," said Zenigata.  "Keep up the good work.  Oh, and I
have one request for you."
     "Sir?"
     "I'd like you to keep Commander Washu and Lieutenant Mihoshi
together permanently as a team."
     A prevailing silence suddenly passed through the crowd.
Tenchi was unable to speak for a moment, stunned by the request.
Only when a low gasp came from a shocked Washu did he finally
respond.
     "Uh, sir.  I was thinking of reassigning Mihoshi a new
partner," he answered.  "You know, spread the skill and knowledge
around."
     Zenigata smirked.  "And break up this awesome team?  Come on
Commander!  A gift like this should not be passed up lightly."
     Tenchi could see this was not the time or place for more
discussion.  "I'll keep it in mind, sir," he said.
     "Excellent," Happosai said.
     That sealed the deal.
     "Well, we must be getting along," continued the admiral.
"Carry on Commander, and `Mihoshi Luck' to you."
     The crowd snapped to attention and the senior officers
departed the hanger bay.
     "You lucky devil," said Ryoko, giving Mihoshi a light nudge
to the ribs.  "A battlefield promotion.  Boy did the cards fall
right for you."
     "Well, at least she's done something to earn it," quipped
Ayeka.
     Ryoko sneered evilly at Ayeka, leaning to one side.  "Yoouuu
PUFF!" she shouted.
     Ayeka finally had enough.  Rounding on her forced to be
partner, Ayeka drew up eye to eye with Ryoko.
     "That-is-it," she said, fist clenched tightly in front of
her chest.  "You-will-tell-me-what-that-means.  NOW!"
     "Bah!" replied Ryoko, waving her off.  "Go' way, you bother
me, Puff."
     "WHAT DOES THAT MEAN!"
     Sasami tugged gently on Ayeka's sleeve.  The Princess
rounder on her sister, face twisted with fury.
     "Ayeka, you aren't a Puff, are you?" asked her sister.
     Snickers could be heard from the pilots around them.
Ayeka's mouth sagged open, a blabber of noise the only sounds she
could make.  Finally, she recomposed herself.
     "Sasami, you also know what a `Puff' is?" she said.
     "Yes I do.  I've learned a few things around the hanger--."
     "What does it mean!" Ayeka asked, dropping to her knees.
She gripped Sasami by the shoulders tight eyes pleading to her.
     "Well. you know what a cream puff is?"
     "Why yes I do.  It's a delicious dessert made on Terra.
Very fragile, filled with soft creams and--,"
     Ayeka abruptly stopped realizing then what the on going
insult from Ryoko suggested.  Her reaction drew more laughs from
the crowd; then she sprang to her feet coming sharply around.
     "How dare you!" she shouted.
     By then Ryoko was doubled over with laughter.  "Why not!"
she said, gasping for breaths.  "You fit the description
perfectly!"
     The blood came to a boil in the Princess.  Her body shook
with rage, arms held tight to her sides.  "How dare you compare
me to a pastry!" she snarled.
     Ryoko wiped the tears from her eyes.  "You're a Puff, Ayeka!
A fragile, all crust but no substance in the middle, PUFF!"
     Tenchi could see this one was not about to blow over.  "Uh,
girls," he said, but Ayeka's angry glare stopped him.
     Looking back at Ryoko, she drew herself to full height.  Her
head tilted slightly back; Ayeka regarding Ryoko with narrowed
eyes.
     "Gym Four, ten minutes, and bring your fighting gear," she
said.  With that she turned on her heels storming off for the
nearest exit.  Tenchi placed a hand to his face, hanging his
head.
     "I'll be there, yooouuu PUFF!" called Ryoko.
     "No, no, no!" cried Tenchi, but Ryoko headed off to make her
appointment.  "Ez, Jas, do something!"
     All this time Ez listened closely to the spat humored by the
two women's show of emotion.  He sighed, glancing down at
Jasouleen.
     "I guess we should do something about it," he said.
     Jasouleen shrugged.  "Not good for blood on flight suits,"
she replied.
     "Ez," pleaded Tenchi.
     He laughed.  "Okay, okay, boss.  We'll go and--."
     A strange frown suddenly appeared.  Tenchi wondered what was
going through the Ugrathian's mind.  Ez glanced in the direction
the two women had gone, then rubbed his chin.  He let out a hum,
lumbered off towards the elevators.
     "Where are you going?" asked Tenchi.
     "To get a good seat.  This proves to be very interesting,"
replied Ez.
     "Not before me," added Jasouleen.
     Several of the pilots suddenly glanced at each other, and
before Tenchi could say another word the entire crowd broke
leaving Tenchi, Sasami, Kiyone, Washu, and Mihoshi behind.
     "Oh great," said Tenchi.  "Sasami--."
     "I'll see if I can talk Ayeka out of it," said Sasami.
     "Thank you."
     Sasami smiled.  "Congratulations on your promotion, Tenchi.
Or should I say, Commander.  You too Mihoshi, Washu."
     Tenchi let out a sigh as she left.  Kiyone lightly tapped
him on the shoulder.  He looked around and she pointed over at
Washu.  The newly promoted Lieutenant Commander stood still as
stone, staring out listlessly across the hanger.  Tenchi waved a
hand before her eyes, but she did not respond.
     "Recursion?" he asked Kiyone.
     She shook her head.  "No, I think this is worse."
     Tenchi thought it was time to take Washu down to see Doctor
Tofu, but before he could move Mihoshi rushed over hugging her
tight.
     "Washu!" she cried.  "Did you hear the Admiral?  We're going
to be partners forever.  Isn't that like great!"
     "Ah, Mihoshi," said Tenchi.
     Washu's mind registered the remark.  A dark terror filled
Washu.  Her fist came up pressing tight to her mouth for a
moment.
     Mihoshi drew back, smiling at her innocently.  "We can be
pals and buds, and, and hang out all the solar days, and talk and
plan and fly together FOREVER!"
     Tenchi noted the crazed look in Washu's eyes.  "Mihoshi, I
think you better not say that," he said.
     "But why not, Commander?  We're lifelong wing mates now.
You know, two peas in a pod."
     ". t-t-two, two peas in a pod," Washu said suddenly.
     Her eyes cut over to Mihoshi, growing wide.
     "Uh oh," said Kiyone, but it was too late.
     Tilting her head back, Washu let out a long, sorrowful cry.
Mihoshi let her go and covered her ears.
     "Washu, calm down," began Tenchi.
     It did no good.
     "Forever, . no, no, not forever.  AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!"
     A flash of red hair was the only thing Tenchi and Kiyone
could see as Washu lit out across the hanger bay, screaming at
the top of her lungs, fading off when she reached the next bay
over.  Again, Tenchi hung his head rubbing the bridge of his nose
to relieve the tension.
     "Gee, I didn't think Washu would be so happy," Mihoshi said.
     Tenchi let out a short laugh.  "Why me?" he asked no one in
particular.
     Kiyone gazed down at Mihoshi, then grinned.
     "Mihoshi Luck?" she answered.
     Tenchi just shook his head.

                            - - - - -

     Four days passed before Tenchi received word from Strike Ops
that another mission was being planned.  By then, he assumed
command of Section Alpha; comprising not only the Royal Aces, but
three other attack squadrons.  Managing them all, maintaining
schedules it all began to wear on him.
     The strain drew a lot of energy from Tenchi, so it seemed
odd that when Captain Zenigata called him to his office for a
planning meeting he felt relieved.
     His excitement quickly faded.
     Captain Zenigata read over the latest reports to the four
men seated in front of his desk.  The battle on the surface was
picking up again, and another wrinkle just appeared making things
worse.
     "Last week intel reported the Proximians were detailing one
of their top fighter groups to this sector.  At first we thought
they were wrong for a change.  Not by a long shot."
     Tenchi narrowed his brows slightly, wondering what the
Captain was talking about.  Zenigata looked up at the commander
seated next to him.
     "Maybe you want to field this one, Commander Quin," he said.
     Commander David Quin lead Section Charlie, five squadrons
whose numbers were dwindling faster than water out of a spigot.
He appeared to be young, dark haired with a hint of mental
aptitude about him, however; when Zenigata call on him, he seemed
suddenly tense almost to the point of panic.
     "Uh, yeah. I mean yes sir," he said.  "Uhm, well, last week
one section out of the Zoreadors was running a strike to the west
of Mago.  They got jumped by a flock of fighters that appeared
virtually from thin air."
     "Did they finish their mission?" asked Tenchi.
     Quin hesitantly shook his head.  "Thirty-five Swallowtails.
gone.  The worse thing about this is that they were all shot down
by one pilot."
     Tenchi sat sharply up in his chair.  "One pilot?" he said in
disbelief.
     "Calls himself `Ghost'," answered Quin.
     "Sub-Commander Y'Tqurin," said Zenigata.  "He and his boys
have been raising hell and havoc all across the Alphan fronts.
He's one of their top notch pilots, and he's here to neutralize
us."
     A rude grunt came from the hulking commander seated at the
far end from Tenchi.  Commander Bean Bandit sat slowly up,
rubbing his prominent chin thoughtfully.  He pushed up the dark
flight shades he wore and glared hard at Zenigata.
     "Jabbering about him will not help if I may say Captain," he
boldly said.
     Tenchi had heard about Bandit from the scuttlebutt around
the deck plates.  A real troublemaker, but top notch strike
leader and fairly good fighter pilot to boot.  It was said that
the only thing keeping him from running his own Strike Ops was
his mouth.  From that last comment, Tenchi knew that much was
true.
     Zenigata glared at Bandit for a moment.  "What are you
getting at, Commander?"
     "I'm talking about better fighter support, sir!" shouted
Bean, slamming a palm down on the desk.
     "You had better lower your voice when you speak to me,
Commander," Zenigata said in a level, strained voice.
     Bean ignored him.  "I lost twenty-three planes to that
bastard two days ago, the Vericross's of the Tunis lost eighteen
in the same engagement.  You want to know why?"
     "I and Rear Admiral Cologne are very away of this,
Commander!"
     "So what are we doing about it?"
     Zenigata seethed at Bean.  Barely was he able to hold back
his fury; drawing in a deep breath to relax.  "I've assigned Wolf
Squadron to hunt him down," he said.
     "Lupin?" said Quin.  "Sir he and the Wolves are only one
squadron.  They cannot be in the air an entire solar day."
     "Commander Lupin is the best fighter pilot in this fleet.
He is aware how critical it is to stop the Ghost before he
totally disrupts our support to the army on Tauri."
     "Sir," said the Commander of Section Bravo.  "May I speak
freely?"
     "You may, Commander Elway."
     Roger Elway was the eldest of the four men in the room.  A
veteran of maybe the first strikes conducted in the war, he never
allowed his emotion to cloud his judgement like Bandit.  Instead,
he resorted to facts to make a point clear, and this certainly
called for it.
     "Since the start of Task Group Fifty-six's operations in
this quadrant, our casualties both on Sekigahara and Tunis have
been moderate at best.  Since the arrival of Ghost and his flock,
casualties have almost doubled."
     "I know this, Roger," said Zenigata.
     Commander Elway leaned forwards.  "Strikes are not getting
to their targets.  Some of those strikes are critical to the
battle raging below.  At this rate both carriers will not be able
to support the Army, and defend this fleet if attacked."
     Silence prevailed, Tenchi nervously glancing around waiting
for the next outburst to begin.  Nothing happened, the four
waiting for some sort of response from Zenigata.  He thought over
Elway's words, staring thoughtfully at the top of his desk for a
moment.
     "Yes, this is becoming a problem," said Zenigata finally.
"I've talked it over with Rear Admiral Cologne, and she has
giving the okay to double up the fighter escorts on all strikes."
     "That's fine," commented Bandit.  "Still does nothing about
the Ghost."
     "Working on that, Bean," replied Zenigata.
     Tenchi spoke up.  "Sir, is that why you called this
meeting?" he asked.
     Zenigata shook is head.  He activated the screen behind his
desk, displaying the current frontlines on Tauri.
     "This is also why I called you gentlemen here," he said.
     The picture zoomed in on a long river running east to west
along the northwestern plains outside of Mago.
     "Since Commander Masaki's successful strike, the Proximians
were stalled all along the main front north of capital.
Unfortunately, our resourceful foes have shifted their impetus to
the flanks."
     Two bright red arrows appeared pressing in on the thin blue
line surrounding Mago.  "General Goodchild is calling for major
attacks along the `lj Pak river to allow him time to withdraw the
three divisions back behind the river to better positions."
     "And you can't use leadbuckets to pound the Prox?" asked
Bean.
     "I could, but Thunderhawks are not good on atmospheric
maneuvering.  If the Ghost attacks--."
     "It would be a slaughter," finished Quin.
     "Quite correct, David."
     The screen went blank.  Zenigata stood up looking down on
his Commanders with a steady gaze.  "I want this attack to
succeed, and I don't want high casualties either."
     "So who's going?" asked Elway.
     Zenigata slowly turned his gaze around to Tenchi.  Smiling,
he clasped his hands behind his back.  "Think the Alpha Section
can handle this, Tenchi?"
     A shudder went through Tenchi, dread passing in his mind.
"I don't think there is much of a choice, sir," he replied with a
deep sigh.
     "Sorry, Tenchi.  I need that `Mihoshi Luck'," said Zenigata.
     Tenchi's head dropped forward.  "Yeah. `Mihoshi Luck..."

                            - - - - -

     A long way up, Tenchi heard Kiyone say.  They both stood
looking up a long access tube contemplating whether this trip
would be worth the trouble.  Exchange looks, Tenchi finally took
hold of the first rung and started climbing.
     "Why did Washu have to pick this section of the ship to make
her quarters?" asked Kiyone.
     "I don't know," answered Tenchi.  "It is sometimes a pain,
but you have to admit she does get her privacy."
     Kiyone let out a huff.  "Privacy.  At least she could answer
her intercom."
     Tenchi had to agree about that.  Washu's quarters, or known
by the rest of the wardroom as the `Roost', occupied a vacant
void in the upper deckhouse of Sekigahara's superstructure.  With
a few personal modifications, Washu had made it livable, going so
far as to have a visual port mounted in the bulkhead.
Convenient, but at times a pain when others needed her.
     Tenchi reached a portion of the ladder marked with a thick
orange and black stripe.  "Null-G, Kiyone," he said, pulling
himself forward.  He floated ahead, Kiyone moving right along
with him.  This pocket of negative gravity cut down their travel
time, and soon they reached the hatch.  Tenchi braced himself to
a stop allowing Kiyone to come to rest against his back.  He
checked to see if she was all right, then knocked.
     "Washu!" called Tenchi.
     Silence.
     "Maybe she's gone and did herself in," Kiyone suggested.
     "Don't think like that," Tenchi replied.  The chances of her
prediction were strong; Tenchi hammering on the hatch harder.
     [All right, all right,] Washu's voice called from the
intercom.  There was a click and the two halves of the door
parted.
     Gliding in, Tenchi and Kiyone took hold of a cable running
along the expanse of space, controlling their movement.  Around
them, Washu's personal effects floated listlessly by energy
tethers from the sides.  Everything was designed so when the
carrier did enter any gravity, they would automatically
reposition themselves preventing damage.
     At the center of the space, Washu free floated, legs crossed
with her eyes closed.  Tenchi called her name and she opened an
eye.
     "Yes?"
     "Ah, Washu are you okay?"
     "We did not disturb your meditation, did we?" asked Kiyone.
     Washu closed her eye again.  A slight frown appeared, then
she sighed.  "No.  I was just contemplating."
     "Contemplating?" said Tenchi.
     "Yep.  Contemplating my fate."
     Tenchi and Kiyone traded lost looks.
     "Uh, Washu, I don't think Kiyone and I are quite following
you," said Tenchi.
     Washu's eyes popped open.  "Come on, Commander.  Surely a
smart individual like yourself can figure out that one."
     Tenchi shook his head.  "Nope, have not the foggiest--."
     Making a light kick, Washu drifted over stopping scant
inches in front of his face.  "I've-been-condemned-to-death.
Clear enough now?"
     "Condemned to death?" asked Kiyone.  She scratched the side
of her head.  "I'm still lost."
     "Mihoshi!" exclaimed Washu.  "Mihoshi.  Get it now?"
     Remembering what happened back in the hanger bay, Tenchi let
out a groan.  He placed a hand to his forehead in frustration.
"I completely forgot about that," he said.
     "Well I haven't," snapped Washu.  She kicked a leg again,
drifting back up to her perch.
     "Washu, you still can't be upset about being assigned to
Mihoshi."
     "I'm not upset, Tenchi.  I've just come to realize that it
is unavoidable.  Ever hear of Murphy's law?"
     "Who hasn't?"
     "Then you should understand what I'm talking about."
     Tenchi frowned.  Kicking out, he propelled himself up
towards Washu.  He was a bit over his mark, darting by her
uncontrollably.  Slamming into the bulkhead with a yell, he
caught hold of a support preventing him from bouncing around the
room.
     "You going to make it?" asked Washu.
     He rubbed the sore spot on his head then pulled himself
around.  "Washu, listen to me.  You are not going to die because
of Mihoshi."
     "And you're not the one sentenced to life with her either,"
replied Washu.
     "She's not a bad pilot, and if she were, both of you would
have tuned out several missions ago!"
     "There you go forgetting about Murphy again.  The situation
wasn't convenient.  Now it is, and now I'm going to die."
     Tenchi let out a low growl trying to hold back his anger.
"Damn it, Washu.  Kiyone didn't have this problem when she had
Mihoshi.  Isn't that right Kiyone?"
     Kiyone gazed timidly down at the floor.  "There were times,
Commander when I sometimes thought--,"
     "You're not helping matters, Kiyone," Tenchi said.
     "See.  What you all think is `Mihoshi Luck' is really
`Mihoshi's Curse'," said Washu.
     Tenchi drew in a deep sigh.  It was hopeless; Washu set in
her ways.  "Look, Washu," he continued.  "I came here to ask you
to stop sulking and rejoin us down on the deck plates."
     "And if I don't, will you throw me into the brig?" asked
Washu, hope dancing in her eyes.
     "No I'm not going to throw you into the brig!" shouted
Tenchi.  He paused, regaining his composure.  "I need you, Washu.
We've got a big strike coming up and I want you to set up our
loadout."
     "Why don't you have Mihoshi do it?  Who knows, maybe she'll
get it right this time."
     "Washu," said Tenchi sternly.
     She chuckled at his reaction, finally settling down.  "I've
known about our strike, Tenchi.  Looks like a rough one, and with
the Ghost on the loose it should be interesting."
     "Please don't remind us about that," said Kiyone with a
shudder.
     "So are you coming down?" Tenchi asked.
     "Sure.  I can't avoid this anyway.  Might as well charge
into death with my head up."
     Tenchi was not sure what Washu meant by that, but let it
pass.
     "Good.  Briefs in--,"
     "One hour, ready room five," Washu cut in.  "I'm there,
Commander," she said, winking slyly.
     "I'll see you then," said Tenchi.
     He and Kiyone started to make their way back to the hatch.
Washu called him, and he stopped, looking back over his shoulder.
     "I made you one of my beneficiaries in my will," Washu told
him.  "Gave you my computer.  A lot of good stuff on it."
     Tenchi rolled his eyes up.  Hitting the door button, he and
Kiyone left.

                            - - - - -

     The pilots participating in today's attack filled ready room
five, eagerly listening while Captain Zenigata paced before them
detailing their mission.  On the large screen behind the table
where Tenchi sat was a display of the area they were going, along
with targets and defenses the intel gurus could locate.
     "Now these runs are going to be critical to stopping the
Proximian advance towards the bridges spanning the `lj Pak
River," Zenigata explained to them.  "We need to get as much
ordinance in there and allow the rearguard a chance to disengage
safely."
     One of the pilots raised a hand.  Zenigata pointed, and he
stood up.  "That's a hell of a lot of armor bearing down on that
river there, sir," he said noting the intel pictures marking the
advance groups of Proximian forces.
     "That's an entire army coming at'em, you knucklehead,"
commented another pilot drawing a laugh from the others.
     "Yes it is, but we must do everything we can to help our
troops."  Zenigata resumed pacing, continuing on with his dialog.
"Now most of you will be making the approach to Tauri together,
and fighter escort will--."
     Pausing, his gaze stopped briefly on Ayeka and Ryoko.  Both
women were making every effort to avoid his stare, hands oddly
covering the side of their face.
     "-will be heavier than normal," he said
      "Who's the lead flight, sir," Tenchi asked.
     "Commander Lupin of the Mad Wolves will be heading the
fighter escorts."
     Lupin and the Wolves?  Tenchi's surprise mimicked the looks
form the rest of the pilots.  They were top notch, the best in
Task Group Fifty-six.  It was clearly obvious why they got
assigned to this mission.
     "We expecting the Ghost to show his face, Captain?" asked
Ez.
     Zenigata tapped the tips of his fingers lightly together, a
deep look of concern in his eyes.  "For a strike of this size, I
am expecting an appearance."
     The atmosphere in the ready room thickened, nervous feelings
not needing to be said sensed by all.  Zenigata resumed his
pacing.
     "Not only is Commander Lupin going, but The Wild Horses,
Crown Rulers, Fighting Demons, and Dark Angels are also assigned
to this strike.  The added protection shou--."
     Again, he paused before Ayeka and Ryoko.  This time he did
not walk away, slowly kneeling down.  Fidgeting in their seats,
the two tried to turn away, but their efforts only made him more
curious.  Realizing that it was useless, they hesitantly turned
their faces up to him.  A smirk appeared, Zenigata glaring at the
pair of black eyes both of them had.
     He shuddered, standing up and looked back at Tenchi.  The
newly appointed Commander could only cover his eyes with a sigh,
knowing full well he'd hear about this later.
     "As I was saying," Zenigata's cold, death laced voice
continued.  "The added protection should be more than adequate to
protect you."  He stopped facing the crowd.  "That is all for my
portion of the brief.  Are there any questions for me?"
     Mihoshi's hand rose up.  "Yes, Mihoshi?"
     "Uh, if we have ghost in the area, shouldn't we like be
exorcising our planes?"
     "Huh?" stammered Zenigata.
     Stifled chuckles and snickers sounded; Tenchi and Washu
rolling their eyes.
     "Good idea, Mihoshi," called one of the pilots from the
rear.  "Maybe the Ghost will be a Vampire and evaporate if we hit
him with some holy water."
     "Can that talk, pirate!" shouted Washu, pointing at the
pilot.  The pilots fought to hold back their grins.
     Zenigata stared at Mihoshi for a few seconds longer.  He
turned to Tenchi.  "Commander, I believe you should brief
Lieutenant Mihoshi again on the Ghost."
     "Ah, yes sir.  I'll get right on that."
     Mihoshi smiled brightly.  "Oh thank you, sir!  I'll be sure
to--, to--, ah, ah, ah, AH-CHOO!"
     He sneeze startled the pilots around her.  Mihoshi sniffed,
clearing her eyes.  "Sorry, I seamed to have the, the, the. AH-
CHOO!"
     Her second sneeze cleared the pilots from their chairs.
     It did not take Washu long to make her way through them.
She stood staring at Mihoshi, excitement well displayed.
     "Mihoshi.   Mihoshi, do you have a cold?" she asked.
     "Uhm, I think so," she replied.
     "YES!" exclaimed Washu.  To the surprise of the others, she
began dancing around overjoyed by Mihoshi's answer.
     "Washu, I don't see anything to celebrate about," said
Kiyone.
     "This is great!" said Washu.  "You know that regulations
stipulate nobody, but nobody is to be allowed a flying status if
found to be sick."
     "And you find this to be cause for celebration?" asked
Zenigata.
     "Oh yes.  Mihoshi can't fly with me.  That means I'm not
going to die!  She's down, I'm up.  BWAHAHAHAHA!"
     "Tenchi," said Zenigata.
     "That's enough, Washu," said Tenchi.  Washu stopped
laughing, but stared bright-eyed at her wingman.  Looking at
Mihoshi, he could see the saddened expression on her face.  He
did not want to hurt her feelings, but the medical rules had to
be adhered to.
     "I'm sorry, Mihoshi.  Washu is right.  I'm going to have to
ground you."
     Mihoshi's bottom lip quivered, Tenchi grimacing inwardly,
hoping she would not break out into one of her loud sobs.
     "But Tenchi,. Washu, she needs me.  I've got to--."
     "No I don't," snapped Washu quickly.  "I'm perfectly fine
without you shadowing me."
     That hurt Mihoshi even more.  "Washu," she said.
     "You heard Tenchi.  You're grounded."
     Tenchi walked over.  Giving Washu a brief frown, he placed a
comforting hand on her shoulder.  "Look, why don't you go down
and see Doc Tofu.  Have him check you out, and if he gives you
the thumb up before we launch, you can go.  Okay?"
     Mihoshi started to answer, but the onset of another sneeze
stopped her.  Covering her nose and mouth with her hands, she
nodded heading out the door.
     "Enjoy your stay in sickbay," Washu called after her.
     "Can we at least have some concern for her, Washu," Tenchi
asked.
     "Yeah, sure. I'll be concerned when she's going to be
returned to active duty.  For right now though I'm free!  Free,
free, FREEEEEE!"
     Tenchi could only watch silently while Washu broke out into
a happy jug dancing about.  He looked back finding Captain
Zenigata glaring at him with one eye narrowed.  "Uh, ready to
go?" he said, grinning.
     Zenigata's brows furrowed together.

                            - - - - -

     Mihoshi's luck seemed to have faded from her altogether.  By
the time she reached sickbay, her sniffling and sneezing had
gotten worse.  Doctor Tofu conducted the examination, his
concerns on a mutant bug running rampant through the ship high.
     The readout on the wide scanner above Mihoshi displayed a
computer sim of her body on a screen on the wall.  Mihoshi
herself sat enveloped in a sterile biofield lost to what all the
attention was for.
     Doctor Tofu completed the scan and shut off the screen.
Quietly, he reviewed the readouts, an occasional shake of the
head as he read.
     "Mihoshi," he finally said.  "How did you manage to catch a
cold?"
     "I dunno," replied Mihoshi, shrugging innocently.  "I guess
I'm just prone to bad luck I guess."
     Tofu laughed.  "I heard you had good luck of some kind."
     Without a clue, Mihoshi sat waiting for the good doctor's
final evaluation.  Over the announcing system, launch stations
were ordered.  Instinctively, Mihoshi started to rise from her
seat.
     "Whoa, hold on there, Lieutenant," said Tofu stopping her
dead in her tracks.
     "But doc, I've got to get to my plane.  We're about to
launch for a big strike, and--."
     "You're not going anywhere, Mihoshi, I'm afraid."
     Mihoshi's shoulders sagged, mouth dropping open. "But, but,
Doctor Tofu, the Royal Aces need me.  Washu. she, she's not going
to have anybody to back her up.  I've got to go!"  She burst out
in a long wail, tears saturating her cheeks.
     Hmm, I see know how she caught her cold, thought Tofu.
"Mihoshi, calm down please."  Mihoshi settled down, sniffling
uncontrollably.
     "Mihoshi, if I allow you to go out sick like you are, who
knows what could  happen.  A good burst of stray radiation might
mutate the cold bug you're carrying."
     A sharp sneeze rocked Mihoshi.  "Doc, can't you just like
give me something for the moment (sniff, sniff)?"
     Tofu reached into one of his pockets, pulling out a small
white bottle.  He opened it and tapped three orange colored pills
into the palm of his hand.
     "Open," he said.  Mihoshi opened her mouth and he tossed
them lightly inside.  "There, that will control that powerful
sneeze you have," he said.
     "So I can go back to my squadron?"
     "No, young lady.  You are going back to your stateroom for
some bed rest."
     He handed Mihoshi the bottle.
     "So I'm grounded," Mihoshi said sadly.
     "I'm afraid so.  Sorry.  Now you take three of those every
two hours.  The ship's computer will schedule you another
appointment."
     "Doctor Tofu--."
     Tofu raised a finger.  "Rest," he said, ending any further
protest.
     Dejected, Mihoshi acknowledged Doctor Tofu's order.  She
stood walking out of sickbay.  A rumble sounded, the first of the
strike group launching out of Sekigahara's tubes.  Mihoshi looked
up at the overhead, biting her bottom lip nervously as another
rumble passed through the ship.
     I can't abandon them now, she said to herself.  Washu needs
me to watch over her.  Eyeing the bottle in her hand, an idea
suddenly popped into her head.  Doctor Tofu would not have
notified anyone about her status yet.  It was disobeying orders,
but duty called, and Mihoshi would be there to stand by her
comrades in arms.
     Pouring out a handful of pills, she stared at them for a
moment.  Hopefully, there wouldn't be any major side affects,
thought Mihoshi as she downed the whole lot.

                            - - - - -

     There had not been such a concentration of planes in one
group since the strike against Dermus.  All around Tenchi, as far
as sight would allow, Stingrays and Swallowtails flew in
precision formation following his lead towards Tauri.
     Their approach required them to dogleg out away from the
planet in order to get the proper angle of descent, and to
minimize Proximian interception.  It appeared to be working on
both accounts.  Fifteen minutes to final turn, five breaking
atmosphere, two to the lj'Pak target zones.
     A squadron of fighters drifted in above the Royal Aces.
Tenchi looked up and spotted the telltale wolf head on one of the
side panels, identifying whom it was.
     "Hey, boot camp," teased Commander Arsine Lupin the X,
leader of both Fighter Wing 10, and the Mad Wolves.
     Tenchi smiled.  "Yo, Arsine," he answered.  "You want to get
those paws out of my way?"
     "You better watch it, or me an m'peoples here will bag it
and let you wanna-be's fend for yourselves."
     "Nah, you fighter jokes don't even compare to us in a
scrap," countered Kiyone.
     "Jokes!" exclaimed Lieutenant Commander Jiggen Dasiuke in
mock annoyance.  "Ha, ha, ha.  Bet you won't be saying that once
those sharks start stick'n their noses up your butts."
     That brought a laugh from the rest of the pilots.
     Lupin brought his fighter down level with Tenchi's plane.
"So, ah, Tenchi.  I've noticed Washu's flying naked.  Where's the
luck?"
     "Mihoshi?  She's been grounded."
     "Grounded!" called several voices across the net.
     "Yeah.  Caught a cold somehow.  No word on how long, we left
before I could get a status."
     Another voice came up, this one from Lieutenant Parn of the
Crown Rulers.  "Darn, I hoping to get a shot of her and I
together in flight.  Get a piece of the luck."
     "Sorry, hot shot," replied Washu, cheerfully.  "She's out
for now, but you can have a little of my luck if you want some."
     "You don't sound too bothered by it," commented Lupin.
     "Joy, oh joy, oh joy!"
     Tenchi sighed.  "You'd have to understand the background
behind this," he said.
     Ez came up on the net.  "Tenchi, we're just about at our
turn point."
     "Roger."  Taking another scan, Tenchi switched over to the
direction circuit.  "Okay, folks.  Tighten it up.  Vector to
point Delta in two minutes.  Bean, we'll follow your--."
     "Hold on a second, Tenchi," Lupin cut in.
     "What?"
     "Looks like we've got a straggler behind us."
     Huh, wondered Tenchi?  Checking his scanner display again,
Tenchi spotted the solo blip closing rapidly towards the strike
from behind.
     "Who is that?" he asked over the net.
     The voice that replied surprised them all.
     "Lieutenant J.G. Mihoshi reporting in, sir!"
     "Ddddyyyaaaahhhh!" cried Washu.
     "Hey!  Mihoshi's here!" exclaimed Lupin cheerfully.
     Several other pilots came up to welcome the return of their
current hero; Tenchi finally telling them to settle down.  He
frowned, scratching the side of his helmet.
     "Mihoshi, I thought I sent you to Doc Tofu?"
     "I went, but ah... it was nothing!  Just a reaction to a
little space dust."
     "Nnnnoooooo!" moaned Washu again.
     "All right, Washu.  Hold on to your wits.  Mihoshi, I don't
buy your explanation.  Doc Tofu isn't one too--."
     "Tenchi, what difference does it make?" asked Lupin.  "She's
here now, no sense in turning her away this far from the ship."
     Tenchi could not fight that.
     "Okay, Mihoshi, take up flank on Washu."
     "YIPEE!"
     "NO, NO!" Washu suddenly shouted.
     "Ow, damn, Washu," Lupin said.  "Try too hold back some of
that sorrow, okay?"
     Washu ignored him.  "Tenchi, please send her back!  Please!"
     "I can't, Washu.  Now there's no time for debate!  Mihoshi,
fall in!"
     Mihoshi's swallowtail moved up, taking her familiar position
off of Washu's starboard quarter.  She peered up, waving
cheerfully at Washu's distraught gaze on her.
     "Okay, flight, standby to..."
     "Commander Masaki," a voice cut in.  "Lieutenant J.G.
Shampoo, Wild Horses.  I picking up Tri-Level Tracscan, Oh-One
Six point Plus Four."
     Lupin's fighter quickly returned to its position, all eyes
searching the surrounding darkness.  That report was not good.
Tri scanners belonged to Proximian fire controls, and that
particular fire control was mounted on Hammerhead fighters.
     "Great, this is no time for a shark swarm now," grumbled
Kiyone.
     "That coordinate is out in deep space away from Tauri,
Tenchi," Washu pointed out.
     "Okay, so who's got skin on them?" he replied.
     "We're looking," said Ez.  "My recommendation is we continue
our approach vector and get out of vacuum before the Proximians
catch up to us."
     "I second that," added Bean.
     "Okay.  Bean start your approach, Aces file in as scheduled.
Let's just hope we're not too late."
     Over the circuit a long deep laugh filled their ears.
     "Okay, who's playing Vincent Price out there?" Lupin
shouted.
     <Oh Lupin, Lupin, Lupin.  Such a hot temper you have.  A
most irritating trait that will eventually get you killed.>
     Lupin's blood went cold.
     <IT'S THE GHOST!> cried one of the pilots.
     Why now? wondered Tenchi, cursing his bad luck.  Every pilot
was scanning the skies now, desperately looking for the Ghost and
his accursed fighter squadron.  From the five o'clock low
position ahead of the formation, several bright flashed appeared
streaking out to hit three Swallowtails in rapid succession.
     "He's jamming us!" somebody said, but Tenchi was not
listening.  "Lupin--!"
     "We're on him, Tenchi.  Get your butts outta here!"
     Stingrays from several of the escorting fighter groups shot
off to engage the approaching Hammerheads.  The strike group
tipped over, heading for the surface of Tauri.  Suddenly, several
more of the attack ships exploded ahead.
     "What is this!" shouted Tenchi.  His scanner started beeping
rapidly, and the telltale tracks of hostile aircraft began
filling the screen.
     "Holy Shit, it's a trap!" shouted Ryoko.
     Her observation was true.  At least thirty to fifty
Hammerhead fighters were rising up to great them from what
everyone thought was Federation controlled airspace.  Tenchi gave
the order to skip the approach and they turned away.  As the
remaining fighter groups engaged the pursuing fighters, Tenchi
called up the command circuit to Sekigahara.
     <Strike, Strike, this is Commander Masaki, I need to speak
to Captain Zenigata ASAP!>
     There was a short pause, then Zenigata came on line.
     <Tenchi?>
     <Sir!  We've run into an ambush!  The Ghost was waiting for
us, and he's brought plenty of friends with him!>
     <What!  How, how did he sneak up on you?>
     <I don't know!  He even came up on our secure circuit!>
     In the operations center of the Sekigahara, Admiral
Happosai, Cologne, and Commodore Yosho listened in with close
interest.  They all traded frowns at the news, then Cologne
bounded over to Kasumi.
     "Get every fighter you can over there to help them, now!"
she ordered.
     Back at the battle, a new threat developed that only
worsened the situation.  From above and below Tauri, more
fighters appeared, winging their way up to intercept the two
attack wings attempting to clear the area.
     <Command, I don't how they knew, but we've been sniffed out
by the Prox!> shouted Tenchi.
     Zenigata slammed an angry fist down on the railing.  "He's
breaking up another attack!" he raged.  "What does it take to
stop the Ghost?"
     "Calm down, Keibu," said Yosho.  He turned and looked down
at Admiral Happosai.  "We must abort this one," he said.
     Happosai fumed, but reluctantly agreed.  Giving Cologne a
nod, he ordered the mission scrubbed.
     <Commander Masaki, mission aborted.  Return to base,> Kasumi
called over the circuit.
     <Roger,> he answered, switching up circuits.  And not a
second too soon, he thought.
     "Okay, parties over.  This missions a bust.  Abort and head
back to the ship!"
     "How, Commander?  We're surrounded!" came a desperate reply.
     Tenchi sneered at his scanner, noting the wild melee that
had erupted.  "Take it to'em then.  Let's force our way past and
get out of this noose!"
     Lupin came up.  "Tenchi, I got the Horses, Demons, and
Dragons with me.  We'll cover your withdrawal.  The Crown Rulers
will run flank with the Dark Angels."
     "Okay.  Let's do this people!"
     Swallowtails turned together, taking up positions on one
another as they hurtled towards the Proximian fighters in their
path.  Missile flashes could be seen, Federation counter jamming
flickering their scanners.  A mass of explosions erupted lighting
the darkness, then combat was joined.
     On the Sekigahara's main battle display, the senior officers
watched as the drama unfolded.  The board was speckled with
symbols, red triangles denoting the hostile Proximian ships, blue
and green denoting Federation fighters and attack craft.  From
the looks of things the red ones were quickly swallowing up the
green symbols.
     "Kasumi!  Where the hell are the rest of the fighters?"
shouted Cologne.
     "I've stripped all of the CAP stations around us, the Tunis,
and Station Hammermill," she answered.
     Genma pointed to the various groups of fighters racing
towards the fight, but it was obvious that they would not be in
time to stem the losses.  On the overhead speaker, cries and
screams of death filled the air.
     <No, get this bastard off'a me-AAAAHHH...>
     <Greb, check your left, you got one sneaking up on you!>
     <Minnie May, bank!  Bank now!>
     <I'M HIT, OH GOD, I'M-->
     Zenigata let out a sad moan, holding the sides of his head
while pacing around.  There was nothing they could do.  A new
voice suddenly caught everyone's attention, a voice that should
not have been there.
     <Washu!  Washu where are you?>
     Happosai smirked.  "Mihoshi?" he said, turning to Cologne.
     Cologne was peering over Kasumi's shoulder; the woman
scanning the flight records.
     "I thought she was grounded?" she asked.
     Kasumi pulled up Mihoshi's status report.  "Yep.  Bed rest
and fluids."
     "What is she doing out there!" raged Zenigata.
     "Fighting for her life," replied Soun.
     Mihoshi's Swallowtail banked sharply, both forward thrusters
blazing as a Hammerhead streaked by beneath her.  She twisted the
craft around, snapping off a burst that ripped apart the
fighter's right wing.
     "Washu!" she called across the circuit again.
     Tenchi came up.  "Mihoshi, you're about fifty clicks right
and below Washu," he said.  "Get over there with her before she
gets blasted!"
     Mihoshi checked her coordinates, then looked up spotting
Washu in the middle of a flock of Hammerheads.  Pursing her lips
together, she turned Yukinojo up towards them.
     On the other side of the dogfight, Lupin and the Mad Wolves
were mixing it up with twice their number, leaving a trail of
burning gas balls as they covered the flight of the Swallowtails.
     "Ghost!" shouted Arsine.  "Ghost, where the hell are you?"
     "Lupin.  If I were to tell you that, then you'd come and try
to spoil all of the fun I'm having destroying your bombers.  Let
me and my people finish this little exercise, then we will be
more than happy to engage you and the `Insane Wolves'."
     "That's Mad Wolves, you son-of-a-bitch!  And I'm gonna find
your ass and send you burning to hell where you belong!"
     "Sticks and Stones I believe you Federians have a saying?"
     Lupin let out an angry growl, tuning his attention back to
the fight around him.  He paused, seeing the dire position Washu
was in.
     "Jiggen, Fuji, Goe!  We gotta friend locked up in a shark
sandwich!  Let's go break'em up!"
     The four Stingray's disengaged from their current engagement
to help Washu.
     It was by Washu's skill that she had not been destroyed
already from the multitude of Hammerheads swarming around her.
The wings of her plane were streaked with black carbon scoring,
the numerous near misses slowly building up.  Her missile alert
went off, and Washu's computer scanner shot a red line out in the
direction they were coming from.
     Forward left, great, she snarled knowing any turn would take
her further away from the group, and the carrier.  Unavoidable,
Washu thumbing several decoys off as she turned away.  Her
engines whined almost at max power.  A missile streaked past just
below her, another detonating above.  Shrapnel bits deflected off
her hull screens, the forward surface of her cowling rattling
from the stray chunks that managed to get through.
     "Well that was close... DAH!"
     A Hammerhead bore down on her ahead, guns blazing.  Washu
dived, hoping she could avoid him, but the Proximian rolled,
falling in behind her.  More bolts cut past, and it appeared that
Washu was done for when another burst cut into the Hammerhead.
It exploded, Lupin winging his way around to her left side.
     "Get out of here Washu," he told her, banking off to join
his wing mates fighting above her.
     Washu tipped her Swallowtail over, bringing it back around
towards the Sekigahara.  Unfortunately, that drew the attention
of another flight of Proximians diving down out of the sky behind
her.
     "Nah, great!" she scowled, knowing they'd be on her before
she could get away.
     "Hang on, Washu!  Your partner is on the way!"
     Washu went rigid at the sound of Mihoshi's voice.  She
looked off to her left too see her unwanted wingman's plane
racing up towards her.
     "Oh this is good," she said, gazing back up.  "Mihoshi, or
Proximians?"
     Another look back down.  "Mihoshi--."
     Back up at the approaching fighters.  "Proximians."
     Washu thought a moment, then looked again back at Mihoshi.
"Mihoshi--."
     Again, at the fighters.  "Proximians."
     What a hard choice this is.
     "Mihoshi... Proximians.  Miiihoshi... Prrroximians!"
     "Washu!  Washu, what are you doing?" Ez shouted across the
circuit.
     Washu's Swallowtail streaked up to engage the Hammerheads
coming for her.  "I'm not going to get shot down by Mihoshi!" she
shouted.
     "But she's there too help you, damn it!" raged Tenchi.  "You
can't take those Sharks by yourself!"
     "Doing good so far!"
     "Don't worry, Washu.  I'm right behind you!" exclaimed
Mihoshi.
     The distance slowly closed, Mihoshi opening Yukinojo's
engines up to full power.  Meanwhile, Washu was again dodging and
diving amidst Hammerhead fighters.  The track of Mihoshi's plane
drew fear into her.
     "Mihoshi, go away!"
     "I'm not leaving my wingman!" came her reply.  "A team
should never leave one another!"
     Washu let out a strained growl.  "I don't need your help!"
     Mihoshi was determined though.  She was just about there,
setting her sights ready to engage the enemy, when a light tickle
of her nose made her shudder.  It came again, accompanied by a
felling of stuffiness.
     "Gbegha!" she blurted, catching herself in mid-sneeze.  Uh-
oh, thought Mihoshi, then her eyes began to water.
     "Mihoshi, turn around!" shouted Washu at her.
     "Uhb... ubp I'mnth almoth there Wa. Wa. WACHOOO!"
     The force of Mihoshi's sneeze pushed her legs forwards,
activating all maneuvering thruster in unison.  Yukinojo's
digital scream filled the cotpit as the swallowtail went into an
uncontrolled flat spin towards the dogfight.  Mihoshi tried to
see what was going on, but her helmet's visor was clouded with
droplets.  Desperately, she gripped her controls, flicking off
the cover to her weapons.  Another violent sneeze shook her
again.
     Washu had just taken another Hammerhead out, and was in the
process of evading several more, when the sudden blur of
Mihoshi's Swallowtail flashed precariously close past the nose of
her plane.  She screamed, hitting her reverse thrusters barely
avoiding collision.  In awe, Washu watched as Mihoshi took out
one, two, then three Hammerheads in one pass.
     Mihoshi's action caught the attentions of those around her.
She leveled out, and her guns blazed again.  Three more
Hammerheads fell to her burst, the last beating a hasty retreat
with Mihoshi close on its tail.
     "Did you see that!" exclaimed Lupin.  "Mihoshi bagged six
Prox in one pass!"
     "I can't believe my eyes," said Tenchi.  "And now look at
her.  Taking on another one."
     An angry voice suddenly cut across the circuit.
     "Get away from me, you crazy Federian!"
     "She's taking on the Ghost!" shouted Jasouleen.
     Shouts of encouragement called out to Mihoshi.  She could
not hear them, helmet askew on her head.  Frantically, Mihoshi
tried to regain her bearings.  The mist and droplets in her
helmet prevented her from getting a clear look at what it was she
was flying behind.  Squinting, Mihoshi smiled.
     "Washu, I'm right behind you!" she called across the
circuit, followed by a small sneeze.
     [Mihoshi], Yukinojo said.
     "Yes, Yukinojo?"
     [Uh, that's not Commander Washu.]
     "It's not?"
     [No. It's a Proximian fighter!]
     Tenchi came up.  "Mihoshi!  Plug that bastard before he gets
away!"
     Mihoshi instinctively thumbed her trigger, not fully aware
what she was really doing.  The Ghost banked and turned, but
Mihoshi's uncanny flying skill kept her tight to his rear.  Burst
ripped apart his wings, sparks and debris sailing off into space.
A shot took out one of the engines, and it was only by a last
desperate cut that the Ghost evaded the rest of her volley.
Mihoshi barely saw his damaged plane retreating for the Proximian
side of Tauri.  A flight of three Hammerheads moved to cover his
retreat, and she found the sense to turn away and rejoin the rest
of the strike.
     "We will meet again, Mihoshi!" shouted the Ghost as he faded
from their view.
     Mihoshi's victory signaled an end to the battle.  The
Proximians, stunned by their leaders loss of face, quickly
retreated leaving the Federians in control of the field.
     Tenchi watched the Hammerheads fly a way, thanking his stars
that they had survived this round.  "Whoa," he muttered.
     "An understatement," added Kiyone, just as surprised as him.
     "Tenchi, do we resume our strike now?" asked Ez.
     Tenchi checked his scanner.  Much of both groups had taken
serious losses, and in addition their approach window had passed
sometime ago.  No, it was time to recover and lick their wounds.
     "Nah, Ez.  I think we've had enough too."
     "Here, here," said Bean.
     Tenchi smiled.  He looked out his cotpit at Washu and
Mihoshi.  What a pair, he thought tipping his plane back towards
the Sekigahara.

                            - - - - -

     The pilots and bay crews could hardly wait for Mihoshi to
recover aboard the carrier.  They dragged her from her cotpit,
cheering while carrying her on their shoulders around the massive
hanger bay.
     "MI-HO-SHI!  MI-HO-SH!"
     More pilots from the other squadrons thronged around her,
impressed at the thrashing she gave their archrival.  Across the
bay, Tenchi and the rest of the Ace's flight leaders watched the
spectacle.
     "Boy, is this going too go over great with the brass,"
commented Ryoko.
     "Don't be surprised if she takes over command of the ship,"
joked Jasouleen.
     "I don't think so, Jas," said Tenchi.  "We still missed our
strike, and the ground folks were expecting our support.  I hope
things did not go bad down there."
     Ez rubbed the side of his head, a slight smirk on his face.
"We could still try and relaunch, Tenchi," he suggested, but
Tenchi shook his head.
     "Let's wait and see what Captain Zenigata has to say."
     The throng of people was steadily approaching them.  Washu,
staring in shock, started flinching as Mihoshi's name echoed
around her.
     "MI-HO-SHI!  MI-HO-SHI!"
     "SAY WHAT?"
     "MI-HO-SHI!  MI-HO-SHI!"
     "HER NAME?"
     "MI-HO-SHI!  MI-HO-SHI!"
     "AGAIN!"
     "MI-HO-SHI!  MI-HO-SHI!"
     Washu clasped her hands too her ears.  "Oh, gosh, oh no,
please not again!"
     "Tenchi, we better do something before Washu loses her
mind," Ayeka said.
     The throng of people spread out around them.  Mihoshi was
lowered to the deck, then calls for speech were heard.  She was
still in a slight daze, fighting to hold back the sneeze and
sniffling in her head.  Across the hanger bay Tenchi spotted Vice
Admiral Happosai and the rest of the brass coming and called
attention.
     "Amazing, utterly amazing," said Happosai, beaming with a
grin from ear too ear,  "Looks like Lieutenant Mihoshi has become
quite a celebrity here, Commander."
     Zenigata grabbed Mihoshi's hand, pumping it furiously as he
congratulated her,   "Excellent flying there, Lieutenant.
Excellent flying!  You bounced the Ghost's ass and sent him
packing with his tail between his legs!"
     "A fate worse than death to any Proximian of his stature,"
added Admiral Cologne.  "He's probably kicking his cat right now
in fury."
     "So, Lieutenant.  What have you got to say for yourself?"
asked Happosai.
     Mihoshi stood still with what appeared to be a pout on her
face.  Her eyes cut from side to side, then she drew in a large
breath before ducking her face back into her helmet.
     WACHOO!
     "Nah.  I see," said Admiral Happosai.
     Mihoshi sniffled, wiping her eyes clear with the back of her
sleeve.  "I, I don't know what to say, sir," she replied.
     "Well I have something for you."
     "Here it comes, Tenchi.  Looks like you just lost your job,"
whispered Ez, playfully nudging Tenchi in the ribs.  Tenchi told
him to knock it off, listening close for the Admiral's words.
     "I'm going too promote you again.  Full Lieutenant this
time!  We need skilled leaders like you, Mihoshi, and you have
earned it!"
     "Okay.  I'm going to start believing in this `Mihoshi
Luck'," commented Ryoko.  "What do I gotta do to get advanced
like that?"
     "Maybe start flying like you've got any sense would help,"
quipped Ayeka.
     Ryoko sneered at her.  "Yyyooouuu PUFF!"
     Out of the crowd, Commander Arsine Lupin appeared.
"Congratulations, Mihoshi!" he said, shaking the woman's hand.
"That was a hell of a pass you made back there.  Six in one run.
Don't even think I've bagged as many like that."
     "Uh, Th-Thank you, Commander (Achoo!).  I really could not
begin too tell you how I did it."
     "Doesn't matter.  Hey, Tenchi,  wanna give her to the
Wolves?  Could use a firestorm like her in our squadron."
     "Give her to him, give her to him!" begged Washu.
     "Will you stop," Tenchi told her.  He shook his head.  "No
way, Arsine.  Mihoshi's an Ace."
     "Oh, too bad.  Mihoshi you can fly with us any day you
want."
     Mihoshi smiled.  "Thank you sir.  I really could not leave
Washu alone though.  We're partners you know!"
     Washu head hung low, body vibrating from her tensions.  "No,
no, no," she kept muttering to herself.
     "What about the strike, sir?" Tenchi asked of Captain
Zenigata.
     "Oh yes!  Seems that the Ghost pulled a lot of Prox air
cover with him when he came calling.  Our planes on the planet
were able to neutralize a good deal of their strike craft while
our ground units pulled back.  Wasn't clean, but better than
expected."
     "So I guess we were partially successful," said Kiyone.
     "Hmm," sounded Tenchi, but his brows were furrowed together
in deep thought.
     Suddenly out of the crowd appeared Doctor Tofu and several
of his medical staff.  He looked around, then locked his gaze
upon the newly appointed Lieutenant Mihoshi.
     "Uh oh," she said, holding her helmet up protectively before
her as he approached.
     The good doctor held up a portable scanner, running it up
and down in front of her.  Tofu pressed his lips tight together,
then narrowed an eye at Mihoshi.
     "Uh... Hi, Doctor Tofu?" said Mihoshi nervously.
     "Sickbay young lady," was his only reply, gesturing to the
med techs behind him.
     They placed a sterilility field around Mihoshi, leading her
away amides applause and cheers from the pilots and crews.
     "You have headstrong people in your squadron, Commander
Masaki," Doctor Tofu said before following them.
     "Well, Commander," Admiral Cologne said.  "You and Bean get
your groups rested.  It's been a hard day, and we've still got a
ways to go before this thing is over."
     "Yes, ma'am," replied Tenchi.
     The crowd dispersed returning to the normal routine of the
day.
     "That was not so bad," commented Ayeka.  "Lord Tenchi still
has a job."
     "Listen to you!" snapped Ryoko.  "Only an idiot would
believe Tenchi was going too lose his position to Mihoshi!"
     Ayeka started, rounding sharply on her wing mate.  "Why you
despicable cur!  Insults and disregard from a lowlife like you!"
     "Lowlife?  Why you snotty princess.  I see you want me to
blouse that other eye of yours," snarled Ryoko inching up eye to
eye with Ayeka.
     "Another trip too the gym might--."
     A heavy hand slapped down on Ayeka's shoulder.  She cut her
eyes over, finding Captain Zenigata standing there.  Ryoko
blanched, tuning to vacate the area, but he placed his other hand
on her shoulder as well.
     "Ah, ladies!" he said brightly.  "Glad I caught you.  Almost
forgot too tell you about your new berthing assignments!"
     Ryoko and Ayeka swallowed the nervous lumps that had formed
in their throats. "Uh, heh, heh, what assignments are those, s-s-
sir?" asked Ayeka.
     A devious grin came to his face.  "The brig!" he answered,
guiding them along.  "Heard all about your little skirmish.  Now
you'll both have time and plenty of room all too yourselves to
think about it!"
     Ez and Jas laughed as the women were led away.  They turned
to see Washu staring sadly at her Swallowtail.
     "Oh, look at the work I've got to do," she said, shaking her
head at the multitude of carbon streaks on the planes hull.
     "What, no disaster cries about Mihoshi?" asked Jasouleen.
     "Nope.  I think my system has grown used to her."  She
sighed, then started rolling up her sleeves.  "Better get to
work."
     "Why don't you take a break?" asked Ez.
     "Nah.  If I do that, I might remember what happened out
there, and that would not be a good thing."
     Ez laughed again.  "Tenchi, are you--."  He paused, noting
the troubled look on Tenchi Masaki's face.  "Something wrong,
Tenchi?"
     Tenchi stood silently with arms crossed, a hand to his chin
in deep thought.  He looked up at the hatch where Mihoshi had
gone, then shook his head.
     "A lot of things, Ez," he finally said.
     "I can help you with the condolence letters."
     "It's not that, Ez.  It's Mihoshi."
     Ez scratched his head.  "What about her?"
     Tenchi looked up at his friend.  "She's got a new problem
now.  The Ghost.  I don't think anybody realizes it yet, but he's
going to be looking for her, and `Mihoshi Luck' isn't going too
be enough to keep her alive."
     A grim thought it was, but Ez knew Tenchi was right.  "Have
we stirred up some trouble," he said.
     Tenchi nodded.
     "Oh yes we have."

                            - - - - -

     Mihoshi finally got the okay to leave sickbay several days
later, and her first order of business was finding her flying
partner.  After checking back in with Tenchi and the rest of the
Aces, she literally was running through the corridors of the
carrier in search of Washu.
     She found her out in hanger bay three working on her plane
like a mother tending to her sick child.
     "Washu?" called Mihoshi as she crossed the bay.
     Washu's head appeared over the top of the open cotpit.  She
could not believe her ears, mouth sagging open at the sight of
the walking disaster area moving towards her.
     "No, NO!"
     In a flash, Washu was down of her plane, cutting Mihoshi
off.
     "Washu!  I'm cleared--."
     "Stop right there!"
     Mihoshi froze in her tracks.  "Washu?"
     Washu fished through her pockets, pulling out a red chalk
marker.  She drew an X on the deck, then pointed at it. "Right
here!" she told Mihoshi.
     Mihoshi frowned, but went to the spot.
     "AH-TEN-HUT!" commanded Washu, and Mihoshi snapped to
attention.
     "AH-BOUT FACE!"
     Mihoshi did a one eighty, staring out across the hanger bay.
     "You will not look at my plane, Lieutenant Mihoshi.  Is that
clear?"
     "Uh, uh, yes ma'am!"
     "And don't move from that spot until I tell you.
Understood?"
     Washu stood behind her, a distraught expression on her face.
"What do you want, Mihoshi?" she asked.
     Mihoshi started to turn around.  "I came too--."
     "EYES FRONT!" shouted Washu, and she snapped back too
attention.
     Washu crossed her arms.  "Now let's try this again," she
said.
     "I, I wanted to come and visit you."
     "Visit me?"
     Mihoshi's lips turned down into a pout.  "Well... I guess
there's more to it than that."
     "There is?"
     She nodded.  "Kiyone and Jasouleen told me what my actions
were doing to your mind."  Washu smirked but let the woman
continue.  "I guess what I wanted to do is try and make up for
all of the trouble I've caused you."
     "And how do you propose to do that?"
     "I dunno?  Maybe help you repair your plane--."
     "Forget that."
     "Well, well, I could do anything you want, Washu.  I just
don't want you mad at me!"
     Sniffles could be heard.  Washu smirked, letting out a low
sigh.  The last thing she wanted was another torrent of tears
from Mihoshi.  "Mihoshi--."
     "Please, Washu!  I'm sorry.  I'm very sorry I've caused you
any trouble!  You're my best friend, and I look up too you,
wishing that someday I can be just like you!"
     That caught Washu off guard.  She stared at her wing mate,
unable to respond for a moment.  Another series of whimpers
foreshadowed the impending flood.
     "Mihoshi, don't cry," she said.
     "I, I can't help it!"
     What have I done to deserve this, thought Washu?  "Mihoshi,
stand at ease."
     Mihoshi relaxed, cupping her hands to her face.  Washu
walked around to face her.
     "Look, Mihoshi, you're not... mmm, I can't say this without
my tongue aching, you're not a total pain in my ass."
     "Thanks!" exclaimed Mihoshi, crying harder.
     "Okay, okay.  Wrong choice of words."  Washu paused to
gather her thoughts.  "You're a handful out there, Mihoshi.  It's
not so much trouble your cause, although that does eventually
come out, still it's the fact that... I don't want too see you
get killed."
     Mihoshi stopped crying.  "You don't?" she asked.
     "No.  I don't want anyone to get killed flying with us, but
I'm especially concerned about you."
     "Why?"
     Washu scratched the back of her head nervously.  I know this
is going to be rough on me, she thought.  "Well, I guess I
consider you a... damn... you're like the daughter I never had,
okay?  There I said it!"
     Wide-eyed with joy, Mihoshi cried out, dropping to her knees
to hug Washu tight.  Her tears flowed like Niagara Falls, soaking
Washu.
     "Will you stop with those tears!" she shouted, fighting to
break free of the woman's grip.
     "OH, Washu!  That's the nicest thing anybodies said to
meeee!"
     "Okay, okay!  Just stop smothering me, will'ya!"
     Mihoshi released her and Washu staggered back.  The top of
her flight suit was drenched, and she shook her head.  "You and
those tears.  No wonder you caught a cold."
     Mihoshi was ecstatic.  "So, so you're not mad at me?"
     "Not all the time!"  Washu paused, then placed a hand on
Mihoshi's shoulder.  "But partner, sometimes you surprise me."
     "Well I'll try not to from now on... Partner!"
     Washu laughed, a worried shudder creasing her back.  "Uh,
yeah, you do that.  Now, now go on back to the squadron and see
what the upcoming schedule looks like.  We're due a new strike
anytime."
     Mihoshi shot to her feet, snapping cheerfully to attention.
"You got it, Partner!" she said, saluting smartly.
     Washu returned the salute, and Mihoshi trundled off to carry
out her orders.  A handful, thought Washu again, but she could
not help but smile at her unpredictable charge.  There was only
one way she could describe it; Washu laughing to herself while
shaking her head.
     Mihoshi Luck.

                          End of Part 1
