
      Once upon a time, a faerie prince exiled himself to a little bitty
backwater town in the far reaches of his father's kingdom, for the jealous
faerie nobles hated him and his mother, and he tired of this.  He lived in
the tiny little town for centuries, for the faerie are a long lived race,
you see.  It was a town full of mortals, and he fell in love many times,
and had many children, but rarely did he ever tell them what he truly was.  

      The problem with marrying mortals, is that mortals die, and to watch
your loved one age when you do not is a tragedy for both of you.  One day,
the woman he loved died, and he retreated from the world, hardly speaking
or acknowleging his two daughters.  One of his daughters was kind and
understanding like her mother, and she took care of her father in his
grief, finding comfort from comforting him.  The second grew wroth, for
like her father, she had no stomach for ill treatment.  She left in a
rage, swearing never to return.  

      She wandered the world around the town, and finally found a man to
love.  She knew not her faerie heritage, nor the power that lay within
her.  There was no need for magic in her life, except the magic of love.

      One day, her son grew strong and tall, and went to study with the
sages of a larger town.  From them, he learned many crafts, and the power
within him stirred.  He had a vision, a vision of a world in which magical
golems would free the masses of their tiresome labors and leave them free
to create beautiful art and to learn all that was learnable.  

     Yet, he lacked the materials he needed to build his golems, so he
went to the local merchant's guild and offered to share his knowlege if
the merchant would pay for materials to build the golems.  The Guild
Master agreed, and they began to build many wonderful golems.  

      The wizard was happy.  He had a beautiful wife and two happy
children, a boy and a girl.  His golems were like children to him, and he
had hundreds of those.  Yet, not all was well in the kingdom.  The wizard
spent too much time in the lab, and his wife never saw him.  She thought
he loved the golems more than her, so one day she ran away.  That shocked
the wizard, and he began to look around him.

      He saw that not all was well in the land.  Some of the merchants
were arming his golems and using them for conquest.  They did not follow
his instructions closely, and some of his golems had badly drawn runes, so
they went mad.  What he did not know was that some of the members of the
Merchant's guild were inflamed by greed and power and consumed by the
demons with which they had been consorting.  The power of the great god of
destruction, Shiva, was upon them, and they saw that the wizard must be
eliminated before he could fight them.  So one of them slew him.

       What they did not understand is that it is not wise to meddle in
the affairs of wizards.  He had seen his fate coming and cast a mighty
spell.  He gifted his children with his powers and his wisdom.  It would
fall to them to save his children, the golems, from the power of Shiva.

      Shiva's followers grew in strength in the towns of the fringes of
the great Faerie empire.  His avatars came, bearing his power and
aiding his servants.  They invoked Shiva, and he destroyed a great
city for them, then they came in to 'help repair the city' with their new
golems.  Soon, everyone was dependent on them and they ruled the city in
all but name.  Many lands fell under their dominion, yet the great Faerie
emperor did nothing, for his lands were vast, and he had almost forgotten
the very existence of the province Shiva's followers ruled.

      The wizard's daughter, however, could not forget.  She took the
power that her father had given her and his wisdom and went to his forge.
She forged gleaming suits of magical armor with which to do battle against
the Merchant's guild, which now called itself DEMON.  But she had no
warriors to wear her suits, so she went out into the streets of the city.

      She found a street urchin with a heart of fire and took her away
from her petty street fights and gave her a cause to fight for and mighty 
weapons with which to fight for it. She found a dancer in the wind and
gave her wings with which to fly.  A clever and beautiful sorceress, who
was also of royal blood, though she knew it not, heard her call for help
and came to the wizard's daughter, passing every test she gave her.  To
her was given further understanding of the powers of machines, of how to
trick the golems and other mechanisms, and to see with magical sight.
Though they often made fun of her, they all knew it was her wisdom which
often guided them to victory.  

*************************************************************************

     "And I suppose you also spun straw into gold in your spare time, eh,
Nene-chan?"  A female voice cut in.

      Nene was sitting on a large plush bed covered with sheets of golden
satin.  In her lap sat a young girl with long red hair like Nene's and
soft brown eyes.  Like Nene, she was dressed in an elaborate striped
kimono with all the colors of the rainbow.  She had a golden bow in her
hair, while Nene was wearing a golden tiara upon her brow with a ruby set
in it.  Nene started at the voice and looked up.  "Priss-chan!"

      Priss winced faintly.  Only Nene could call me Priss-chan when I'm
in combat gear.  She was wearing loose black pants and a heavy long
sleeved dark tan jacket.  Her hair was tied back in a pony-tail, and her
face was marked with long black wedges along her cheeks.  A metal rod sat
in a holster on her belt on her left and a large nasty looking pistol on
her right hip.  "Telling your daughter lies about the good old days, eh?"
She walked over and knelt down facing the little girl in Nene's lap.  "And
how are you today, Himeko?"

      Nene laughed.  "Like you were any better when I heard you telling
Samantha about how you used to kill five boomers before breakfast and all
you needed was your bare hands.  You said you just used a hardsuit so the
rest of us wouldn't feel inferior."

      Himeko laughed and reached over and hugged Priss.  "Hi, Auntie
Priss!  Been fighting monsters again?"

      Priss laughed.  "Hey, at least my lies are more plausible than
yours, Nene-chan."

      "Killing boomers with your bare hands is plausible?  I don't THINK
so."  Nene laughed.  

      Priss picked up Himeko, "You want to be big and strong like me when
you grow up and not flimsy like your mommy, right, Hime-chan?"  She walked
over to the window with her 'niece.'

     They both stared out the window as Nene got up and walked over to
them.  Tiny specks of light shone in the blackness of space.  A small
blue, white, and brown planet slowly receeded in the distance.  Himeko
laughed, "I'll contribute to the team with my brains and good looks!"

     Priss and Nene both laughed.  "Your mommy taught you to say that,
didn't she?"  Priss asked Himeko, who nodded happily.

     Nene stood by Priss' side, looking out the window at the retreating
planet.  "I can't believe we're not going to fight this."  She gestured,
and her cup floated over to her from the bedside table.  She drank deeply,
suddenly thirsty.

     Priss sighed and reminded herself not to swear in front of the child.
"If I had my way, we would.  I don't like running away, but Celia doesn't
think we can win."

      Nene nodded. "We've evacuated as many people as we could.  If only
we'd been able to kill it back then..."

      Priss forgot about the child and swore anyway.  "We did kill it,
Damnit!  Things are supposed to STAY DEAD WHEN YOU KILL THEM!"

      "Even if Shiva is dead...I guess we didn't get all his children..."

       As they watched, they could see the ice creeping across the face of
the planet as it slowly shrank to a speck in the distance.  They would not
see the world on which they had been born again for over a thousand years.

       They would always wonder if there had been some way they could have
prevented it, could have saved their city, saved their world.  The time
would come when it would bloom again, but that task would fall to other
heroes.  To them would fall other duties than sleeping under a crystal
mountain 'til that day.  It was time for them to enter upon the rewards
for their years of labor, years of battle and despair.

*************************************************************************


     Together, they fought the evil of DEMON and slew many rampaging
golems.  Yet, the masters of the guild eluded them, for its head had made
many golems of himself, and he could not be killed.  Nor could the guild
be destroyed, for it was vast beyond measure, and if you struck down one
head, it grew two more like a hydra.

      For time beyond measure, the wizard's daughter, her brother, and her
three mighty knights did battle to protect their homeland, but it seemed
as if their battle would never end.  Shiva laughed at the puny humans.  "I
am the great lord of destruction, who dances across the universe without
ceasing, leaving only flames and ashes in my wake.  You cannot hope to
stop me, for my vengeance cannot be denied.  I AM vengeance, and your puny
efforts to avenge your father are but a shadow of my power, my glory, and
my wrath."

      The wizard's daughter did not hear this, for the blood of the
faeries slumbered within her, and she could not see into other worlds as
they did.  She knew naught of the Gods and spirits.  The seven secret
names of Vishnu were a mystery to her, and she could not have named the
Angels of the four corners if her life depended upon it.  

     Thus it was that she knew not truly what she fought.  Though the
golems of DEMON grew stronger and weilded ever greater powers of magic,
she thought it mere human artifice, as did her warriors.  They knew naught
of the emperor either, for he had been absent from these lands for
millenia.  They knew nothing of the empire to which they belonged or the
great emperor across the sea who would have thought he ruled them if he
remembered they existed.

      Only Shiva knew, and he moved carefully, for he would have nothing
thwart the building of his power base until he was ready to move and smash
the empire to bits.  All the world would burn in flame and he would dance
in the ashes.

      There was only one loose end...he knew the emperor's son had visited
these lands, and the blood of the fae slumbered within many.  They had to
be destroyed or else they might awaken and defeat him.  He still smarted
from the many defeats that the faerie had administered to him in ages
past, for they were a cunning folk and mighty.  

     He told his servants to slay them, one by one, so that none of them
would suspect they were being stalked.  His servants, some willing, some
unwitting, went forth to slay those who possessed the blood of the faerie.  

     Shiva laughed, for there was no one to stop him...Or so he thought...

     The place is Mega-Tokyo.  The year is 2034.  The Dance of Shiva is
about to begin.


THE DANCE OF SHIVA
A story of the Knight Sabres

by John Biles




















      Philosophers have argued for centuries over whether or not there was
a prime mover, an uncaused cause.  If everything is caused by something
else, then either we must have an endless chain of causation, a circle,
where the end is also the beginning, or there must be an unmoved mover, a
cause that has no cause.  If such is the case, then all stories are but
part of one story, with a single beginning, and perhaps a single end.
Life seems often a variegated tapestry, an interweaving of stories, of
lives that come together and move apart, an endless dance to an unseen
tune.  Thus, every story is many stories as well, for the life of every
person in a story is their story.  

      Thus, to start a story at the beginning is always a challenge, for
often there is no single beginning, unless there is a beginning to all
things.  Perhaps this story begins on a train in Russia, in 1918...

*********************************************************************

      The locomotive rumbled through the wastes of Siberia.  For nearly 13
years, Andrei Andropov had driven the transcontinental line back and forth
from the Pacific to Moscow almost every day of his life.  This was the
first time he'd ever transported royalty, though.  The monarchy might have
fallen, but Andrei was still loyal to it.  The Czar himself had given
Andrei a medal for his faithful service in 1905 during the aftermath of
the Russo-Japanese war when he had defied a group of mutinous soldiers and
diverted the train to take them to where they could be dealt with.  He
didn't have a left foot anymore because of that, but he kept going.  

       Now, the last survivor of the Russian royal family was on his
train.  A young girl named Anastasia Romanova, and her uncle, Sergei.
Andrei was somewhat suspicious of Sergei.   His Russian was flawless and
the girl clearly trusted him implicitly, but he didn't look Russian.
Something...something just wasn't quite right.

       They had stopped in a small village to get more coal.  Andrei
prayed that the Soviet forces of those damn revolutionaries hadn't spread
this far east yet.  He and the coalman finished loading coal onto the
train.  Soon, they were moving out across the tundra again.  He didn't
know they had another passenger...

***************************************************************

     Or perhaps it began a hundred years later, somewhere in Japan.

                            ************** 
     
     Dr. Stingray parked his car in the garage and unloaded a very large
crate.  He could barely move it on his own.  His daughter, Celia, helped
his son, Macky, get out of the car.  Celia was twelve and Macky was six
now.  They had taken a family vacation to a shrine out in the mountains.
You could hardly tell from the joy in his children's eyes that their
parents had just gotten divorced.  

     Celia did her best to help her father haul in the crate while Macky
opened the door for them.  Her father took the crate to his lab, then went
to fix some dinner for the three of them.  Celia helped him, of course,
while Macky watched 'The New Adventures of Astroboy' on the TV.  

     Later that night, Dr. Stingray opened the crate hesitantly.  Inside
was a giant cylinder of what looked like wood.  There were the remains of
a kanji painted on it, faded by age.  But it was what was INSIDE the
cylinder which concerned him.

     He didn't get any sleep that night.

***************************************************************************

     Or perhaps it all started long, long ago, on a planet far, far away.

                    *************************

     "The sentence is death.  For the destruction of an entire planet of
sentient beings, you have been condemned to disintegration, Walyn.  Do you
have any last requests?"

      Three figures sat behind a bench, shrouded in darkness by the bright
lights that shone from behind them onto the figure before them, an
unimpressive man in a simple blue robe.  "As I said before, I did not kill
them all.  I made sure eight of them survived.  Destruction for its own
sake is pointless.  You must make sure some survive so you can see how
they respond.  I did it all to advance knowledge.  I did it for science."

      One of the three judges shuddered, her spiky hair visibly shaking.
"Don't talk to me about science.  The Academy has repudiated you and all
your work.  We've destroyed every known copy of your results.  Nothing you
have done will live on."

     The third judge spoke, a tall willowy woman with long blue hair.  "As
you have destroyed, so shall your legacy be destroyed. By the authority
vested in me, I pronounce the sentence of death."

     He smiled.  "My work will go on without me.  For a year of centuries,
it will go on.  Do not think I do not know who you are.  This is only the
beginning."

      They were his last words before the third figure pushed a button and
he was reduced to subatomic particles.  He was right.  

************************************************************************

Prelude:  Meylia

The Dance of Shiva,
A crossover of many series.

************************************************************************

      But we shall begin here, in Mega-Tokyo, in the year 2034...

                          ************************  

      The woman lay in the bed that morning, as she had lain in it every
day for the last thirteen years.  She had been injured by a rampaging
drunk in a labor.  She had in fact, been a cause celebre for a time.  This
had been one of the last straws leading to the passage of the 2022 laws
that had massively restricted the use of labors.  Combined with the
release of the first models of boomers in that year and the years
following, labors had almost entirely disappeared from use.  The giant
mechs had become the playthings of the rich, or were used only by very
backward and desperate companies that had acquired them cheaply.  Even
Shinohara Industries, once the giant of the Labor market, had gone on to
other things.  

       Meanwhile, she lingered, almost forgotten, in a coma.  Rich
relatives--or at least SOMEONE--was paying to keep her alive.  Once a
year, two people came to see her, on the anniversary of her accident, a
boy and a girl, growing older over the years.  The staff could almost mark
the passage of time by their arrival.  Her grandchildren, they thought.
The woman herself was old, though she looked younger than her records
claimed. They asserted she had been born in 1956, and the year was now
2034.  Yet, her hair had only begun to gray in the last five years, and
she had far fewer wrinkles than some women a decade younger.  A few of the
nurses made jokes about how much good beauty sleep really will do you.
Still, she was the healthiest person in a coma they'd ever seen.  

     She was also perhaps the least visited patient in the hospital, and
thus the head nurse was stunned when four men in suits came to the front
desk and asked about visiting hours to see her.  She would have been
perhaps more stunned if she could have looked upstairs and seen the woman
suddenly jolt, yawn, and sit up.  Where am I? she thought, then rather
quickly realized she was in a hospital.  She instinctively felt her head.
It was free of bandages, huge bumps, or other obvious signs of damage.  I
must have gotten a concussion or something.   Why are all these machines
attached to me?  A nurse walked by and she hailed the nurse.  "Excuse me,
Miss.  What is today?"

     "It's March 15, 2034."  The nurse blinked.  Wasn't this patient
supposedly in a coma?

     The woman stared blankly.  I must be dreaming.  The last time I was
awake, it was 2021!  Her head felt funny too.  There was this strange
buzzing feeling, a feeling of danger.  She'd felt it before, right before
her accident, the one that had put her here.  "I...have there been any
visitors?"

      The nurse smiled.  "Once a year, just like clockwork, these two kids
come to see you.  Well, I guess they're not kids anymore, really."

      Heavy footsteps echoed down the hallway.  The sense of danger, of
power approaching, grew stronger.  "Can you get all this stuff off me?"

      "Well, let me go get a doctor to get approval."

       As the nurse turned to go, the woman said, "I...has my son come
to see me?"

      "Not unless he's around 17 or so now.  At least not since I've been
working here, and I've been here ten years."  She turned and left.

      The woman sat quietly on the bed.  Has something happened to my son?
Why hasn't he come to see me?  And why do I feel like I'm in danger?

      Four men came to the door, carrying briefcases.  They stepped
inside.  One of them looked at her chart.  She said, "Umm..hello?"

      The man looking at the chart said, "She's the one."

      To her horror, they proceeded to pull out submachineguns.  They
opened fire.  To their surprise, as she screamed, "NO!!!!!!"  A glowing
field of light appeared between her and them and the bullets quietly
melted to slag as fast as they came.  She wrenched herself loose from the
machines and leapt out the window desperately.  The chase was on.

***********************************************************************

      Daley put down the phone.  "Come on, Leon, we've got a really weird
one this time."

      Leon got up and tossed on his jacket.  "Giant rampaging Vision
Boomer?"

      Daley laughed.  "Worse.  Four boomers chasing a flying woman in a
hospital gown."

      Leon blinked.  "WHAT?"

     "This town gets more insane every day."  They ran for their car.

****************************************************************************

     Celia was talking to a customer when Macky ran up to her.  "Phone
call for you."

     Celia went into her office.  "Yes?"

     "You're not going to BELIEVE THIS!"  It was Nene.

     "You shouldn't call me here."

     "Turn on the news!"

     She turned on the small TV in her office.  The 'Live Action News
Crew' of Channel 52's newscopter was broadcasting live footage of what
rather distinctly looked like a middle-aged woman in a hospital gown
flying over the city, with boomers shooting at her.  Then she turned and a
beam of energy fired from her palm vaporizing one of the boomers.

      Celia said into the phone, "I can't believe this."

      Nene said, "I assume we're going to scramble?"

      Celia paused.  "Yes."  This was going to be a strange one.  She
could smell it.

******************************************************************************

     Leon and Daley raced down the highway.  It had been blocked off where
the battle seemed to be occurring.  There was a heavy weapons squad
deployed here.  They drove up.  Looking around, Leon quickly spotted the
ranking officer.  "Lieutenant Shinohara, what's going on here?"

     Lieutenant Shinohara Moemi was a skinny, boyish woman, one of the
first graduates of the ADPolice Academy, back in 2030.  She was in her 
late twenties now.  Her hair was short, reddish, and straight, though
you could hardly see it under her uniform cap, and her figure was slender.
She was the one of the shortest Lieutenants Leon knew, and also one of the
best.  Her parents had both been cops, though they were retired now.
"Three boomers trying to kill some boomer that looks like an old woman and
fires energy beams.  She's already killed two boomers.  That we know of."

      Daley looked up.  "If she's a boomer, why is she wearing a hospital
gown and..."

      There was a sudden glow.  They looked up and saw the woman now
seemed to be wearing something that rather resembled a ceremonial kimono.
Leon said, "I feel like I'm in a bad episode of 'You thought it couldn't
happen to you'."

      Daley said, "Hmm, they're heading towards the new Mall aren't they?"

      Leon swore.  "Shinohara, let's get moving...Time to make a really
big mess."

      Shinohara smiled.  "Right.  They'll be putting this one in the
history books..."

**************************************************************************

     The first warning the mall had of impending doom was when the roof
over the food court shattered and a middle-aged woman in a kimono zoomed
through the ceiling, followed by three boomers.  People began streaming
out of the mall in a panic.  The woman turned and fired a blast, sending
flaming chunks of boomer crashing into the McDonald's in the food court.  

     The ADPolice squads crashed into the mall through the east entrance
as the Boomers chased the woman into Victoria's Secret's newest store in
Japan.  Soon, bits of underwear were flying everywhere.   

     The need to get the civilians out of the way slowed down the ADPolice
squads.  By the time they got everyone out of the way, the boomers and
woman had crashed their way into a record store and there was one less
boomer.  The woman flew right at the ADPolice squad, a look of terror on
her face, pursued by two boomers, their guns blazing away.  

     Ignoring the woman for the moment, the ADPolice squad opened fire on
the boomers.  They were a heavy weapons unit, with a mixture of low-grade
battlemovers and high powered hand weaponry.  The boomers themselves were
high grade models, 56-C, designed for Polar Combat conditions.  While they
weren't as heavily armed as some models, they were fast and maneuverable
and could fly for a long time.

      Daley spent a few moments, wondering again how something so
completely unaereodynamic could possibly fly.  Of course, the woman was
flying too...and she didn't even have a jet.  He stared at her as she
touched down by him and Leon.  She looked human.  He'd never seen a boomer
look terrified, and he'd rarely seen any designed to look old.  He glanced
at her palms.  Flesh just like his.  How the hell was she firing those
energy bolts around?  This reminded him of those old magical girl shows
too much.  She was middle-aged, but in remarkably good shape, with long
black hair with a few strands of grey.  Her eyes were a clear blue, though
shrouded by tears, and she had some sort of tattoo on her forehead that
looked like three triangular wedges in blue.  There were also dark brown
wedges along her cheeks; the overall effect reminded him of warpaint.   
She was wearing a long formal blue and green kimono with a positively
humongous and rather still bow in the back.  

      Leon said to her, "What the hell is going on here?"

      The woman tried to pull herself together.  "I was in the hospital
and they tried to KILL me!"  She shuddered.

      "You were visiting someone?"

      "I was a patient.  There was an accident with a malfunctioning labor
and I got a concussion, I think."  She looked at the battle.  One of the
boomers was wrestling with Lt. Shinohara, who was in a battlemover, while
the other was busy wasting a large portion of the Heavy Weapons Squad.
"What are these things?  Aliens?"

      Leon blinked.  "They're combat boomers."

      "They're what?"  What's a boomer?, she wondered.

      Daley coughed.  "You mean to tell us you don't know what a boomer
is?"

      She thought for a moment.  "Oh wait, they're some kind of robot?"

      "Yeah."  Daley paused.  "Wait, you got injured by a labor?"

      The woman nodded.  "Over in the Ginza."

      Leon said, "Wow, there haven't been many of those in the city for a
long time."

      Lieutenant Shinohara finished off her boomer and went after the
second one, which was busy dodging shots from the remaining members of
her squad.  "Damnit, where's our backup?...why aren't the rest of the
people showing up?"

     "What's your name, anyway?,"  Daley asked.

     "I'm Meylia.  Meylia ..."  The rest of what she said was drowned out
by an explosion.  The Sony Store at the far end of the hallway exploded
and four more boomers came zooming out of it.  The woman shrieked and took
to the air, zooming off down the main court of the mall.  Glass shattered
in her wake.  

      Daley just stared at her in utter confusion.  Maybe this is a
nightmare, he thought.  

      We're fucked, Leon thought.  He pulled out his gun and snapped a
shot at the boomer as he dived behind a large potted plant for what little
cover it could provide.  He took off the boomer's lower right leg, for
what good that would do.  

     The boomers mowed down the rest of the ADPolice squad, except for
Lieutenant Shinohara, who was still going mano a mano with the remaining
boomer of the first squad, and three other members of her squad who kept
their heads and took cover in an electronics store.  The 'electrical fuzz'
from the 3000 or so functioning devices in the store were bad news for the
boomers' senses, and provided just that extra incentive to forget about
the three hapless policemen and chase their target instead.  

      Leon and Daley fired at the boomers as they passed overhead.  This
was almost as effective as trying to stop a nuke with a flyswatter.  Leon
turned to Daley and said, "Someone wants this woman very thoroughly dead,
whoever she is."

      "My theory is that pizza I had last night is causing me to
hallucinate the entire thing."

      The woman darted into the S-Mart at the end of the mall.  Before the
boomers could follow her, three lithe figures dropped down through the
cupola at that end of the mall and blocked their path.  

     Daley laughed.  "Here comes our guardian angels.  I wonder where the
pink one is?"

      Leon turned and saw Lieutenant Shinohara slam the boomer she was
fighting into the ground.  He fired and detonated its head.  Well, at
least we accomplished something today, he thought, then settled back to
watch the show as the Sabres took the four other boomers apart.  

      Lt. Shinohara rounded  up the remains of her squad and radioed for
medical help, then came over to Leon.  "We just watch now?"
      "Feel free to pitch in and help them...My general experience is that
it works best to not get in their way."  Leon said.

       The fight was over quickly.  Bits of boomers were scattered
everywhere.  The Sabres paused, then plunged into the store.

      "They're after the woman too,"  Lt. Shinohara said.

      Leon and Daley nodded.  Leon said, "Stay here and wait for the
medical teams.  We'll go take a look."

      "What if they're hostile, sir?"

      "You think any of us could stand up those hardsuits?"

      She frowned.  "We need better equipment, not stuff that's five years
out of date.  Street punks are almost as well armed as we are."

      Leon laughed.  "We could be the Tank Police."

      They both laughed at the thought, then Leon and Daley took off
running.

************************************************************************

      The Sabres flew through S-mart.  Unfortunately, it was real big,
they were real small, and pretty soon they had mainly succeeded in getting
lost and discovering a really good sale on toilet paper in Aisle 4-b.

      "This place is a maze", Linna said over her radio.

      Celia nodded.  "Quite."

      "What the hell is this thing we're chasing, anyway?  Whoever heard
of a boomer in a kimono?"  Priss asked, zooming through women's clothing.

     "I don't know.  But I'm interested in finding out why Genom sent this
many boomers to kill it."  Celia was increasingly wishing Nene had been
able to come.  The one brief reading she had gotten on the woman seemed to
indicate she was either completely organic, or was capable of faking human
heat signatures and cloaking all of the EM emissions she should have been
giving off.  On the other hand, she was emitting...something.  Her own
equipment didn't have enough sophistication to really give her a clear
idea of what.  More important, the woman had been flying, and humans don't
fly.  

     The Sabres zoomed about through S-mart.  After a few minutes, Daley
and Leon reached the entrance, right about the same time as the Sabres
realized that the person they were looking for was gone.

     As Leon was about to speak, the Sabres zoomed off.  He sighed.
"When do we get to learn to fly?"

     Daley laughed.  "My wings are still at the cleaners."

*************************************************************************

     Meylia stared at herself in the mall bathroom mirror.  What's
happened to me?  Where did these tattoos come from?  How did I get into
this outfit, anyway?  The events of the last few hours were a blur of
fear, anger, and power in her mind.  She stared at her hands.  Was I
really flinging blasts of energy around like some sorceress?  

     She looked at the newspaper she had found abandoned in the bathroom.
The date was March 15, 2034.  For a moment, she just stared at it in
shock, then started to skim through it.  People and places she had never
seen.  Politicians she had never heard of.  Talk of a space station.  

     It's time to go home, she thought.  Assuming Douglas hasn't moved in
the last 13 years...Maybe I should go back to the hospital...someone has
been paying my bills.  I should be able to get my son's address or my
husband's.  

     She turned to go.  Wait, what if there's more people waiting to kill
me?  More of those...boomers.  The word was strange in her mind.  I can't
go back to the hospital...not openly.

     She paused and laughed faintly to herself.  A phonebook.  If they're
in Mega-Tokyo, I can find them in the phone book.  As soon as I figure out
how to make myself stand out less.  

     She tried willing herself into normal clothing.  A rush of light
washed across her and she was once again in her hospital gown.  This
wouldn't do, although at least the tattoos were gone.  She tried willing
the kimono back. The light rushed across her and she was once again clad
in tattoos and a fancy kimono. She realized now that her hair was done up
as well.  It was tied in the back with a deep blue ribbon into a
pony-tail, with two shorter tails, one on either side of it.  The overall
effect was almost regal, except for the tattoos.  

     She was starting to like them a little.  I never thought I'd like
tattoos, but these seem so...natural.  I wonder what Douglas will
think...She laughed.  He'll think I must have been in a biker gang all
those years.  Well, first I'll try finding a phonebook, and then I'll go
to the hospital if I have to.

*****************************************************************************

      Celia and Nene sat in the computer room going over the logs of what
the three hard suits had been able to record from the encounter.  "This is
really weird, what we're getting off this woman...or rather not getting,"
Nene said.  

      "She has to be some sort of boomer, or else she was wearing a
completely transparent hardsuit.  But she didn't act like a boomer,"
Celia said.  "From what little we saw of her, she looked like a terrified
human."  She looked familiar, Celia thought.

      "Lemme see if I can augment this footage."  Nene began playing with
image enhancement equipment.

      Macky ran in.  "Bad news, sis."

      "What?"

      "That boomer attack...started at the hospital where grandma is."

      Celia had a sudden sinking feeling.  "Was she injured?"

      "She's gone."

      The sinking feeling got stronger.  "She's missing?"

      "The boomers blew up her room.  They think she's dead."

      Nene said, "Ahh, here's a clear shot of her face."

      Celia turned to look at the picture and her jaw dropped, for just a
moment. It was the first time Nene had ever seen Celia in shock.

*****************************************************************************

      Meylia hovered over the apartment complex.  It was a very nice
apartment complex, with an indoor pool, security guards, a very large
covered parking lot and truly beautiful architecture.  It was a joy to
behold.  There was only one problem with it.  There was supposed to be a
house here.  HER house.  The one they had saved for years to afford and
finally had built.  Now it was gone and someone had built an apartment
complex.  This had been her last hope.  There were no Stingrays in the
phone book.  

      I'll have to go back to the hospital, she thought.  Face the danger.
Either that or...Go to see Father.  If he's alive.  Or my sister, if I had
any clue where she was now.  

      It'll have to be the Hospital.  She turned and flew.  It came
naturally to her now.  The cool night air blew past her, but the outfit
kept her warm.  The really strange thing was that even her uncovered face
felt warm.  She flew through the city, wondering if maybe this was all
just a horrible dream.

**************************************************************************

     Leon and Daley went over everything with the head nurse for about the
one hundredth time.  "So, she's been in a coma since August 1, 2021."

     "Yes.  According to our records, her name is Meylia Stratford.
She's been here since December 1, 2021, when she was moved here by her
husband, now deceased.  She was injured by a rampaging labor and suffered
a concussion and other injuries. She went into a coma and never recovered.
Until today."

     "The nurse on duty reported she woke up."

     "Yes.  About a minute later, the boomer attack started.  We haven't
seen her since, but there's no corpse, either."

     "Do you have any visual records of her?"

     "We have enough x-rays, lab reports, and other paperwork to wallpaper
a house, but unless you saw her spleen, it wouldn't help."

      Daley looked around while Leon did the questioning.  The outside
wall was gone from the woman's room, and the inside walls were heavily
damaged.  It looked like there had been multiple explosions.  He could see
bullet holes as well.  Someone had REALLY wanted this woman dead.

      "So who has been paying to keep her alive?"

      "A trust fund.  She does get visitors, though.  They usually visit
on the anniversary of her injury.  Two kids.  I guess they're
grandchildren.  One of them is a dark haired woman in her mid-twenties,
the other is a younger boy with black hair in his teens.  I wish I could
tell you more, but we haven't seen them since last August."  She blinked.
"Or then again..."

      Leon turned to look.  It was Celia and Macky Stingray.  They were
minor celebrities of a sort, the daughter and son of the famous inventor
of the boomers, Dr. Katsuhito Stingray.  He had a rather strong suspicion
she was something else too.  A few seconds later, he realized what the
nurse meant.  "Come looking for your missing grandmother?"

      Celia said, "Hello, officer."  She paused.  Leon suspected she was
trying to decide on a good load of bull to feed him.

      Macky said, "She still hasn't been found?"

      Celia didn't seem pleased by this slip.

      "Oh, we found her, but she ran off again,"  Leon said.

      "What?"  Macky asked.

      The head nurse started to say something, but Leon cut her off.  "She
is tall, slender, with long dark hair starting to grey?  Blue eyes,
doesn't look more than about two thirds her age?"

      Macky nodded.  "Yeah."

      Celia said, "You said she ran off?"

      Leon stared at Celia.  She knew something.  He could tell.  The
question was how much she knew.  Could this have been some boomer she had
made?  If she was responsible for what he suspected she was, she might
easily be capable of such a thing.  But why make one and spend years
setting it up to supposedly be her grandmother?  For that matter, why the
hell would anyone want to kill some old woman who had been in a coma for
thirteen years?  And why in such a messily dramatic fashion?  Unless..she
knew something.  If she had known something, while she was in the coma,
there was no point in killing her...What could she possibly know that was
still important 13 years later?  Leon's head spun with questions.

      Daley said, "Assuming that the woman we saw was her.  Which is
unlikely, unless your grandmother flies and fires plasma bolts from her
hands.  Oh, and has tattoos, too.  On the other hand, whatever it was, she
looked and acted more like a human than a boomer."

      Macky goggled.

      Celia quirked an eyebrow.  "Flew?  Fired plasma bolts?  I suppose
she proclaimed herself Magical Princess Evangelia too?"

      Leon sighed.  "Someone at least wants us to believe that your
grandmother is flying around tossing energy blasts.  Something strange is
going on.  Can you think of anyone who would want her dead so badly they
would send four boomers to do the job?"

      Daley spent a few seconds wondering why anyone would engage in such
gratuitous overkill against someone they should have expected to be in a
coma.  

      Celia shook her head.  "She had no enemies.  And if she did, they
could have easily killed her a long time ago."  She paused. "If...If you
do find her, let us know."

      Macky nodded.  "I'd really like to be able to talk to her...she's
been in the coma since I was really tiny."

      Meylia hovered outside the building, listening through the holes in
the walls.  My grandchildren, she thought.  They must be all grown up now.
It sounds safe...those two cops are there.  

      Unseen by her, Nene, Linna, and Priss were watching her from the
roof of the hospital.  The three had come in their hardsuits just in case
more boomers showed up.  "Watching her is so creepy..."  Priss said.
"Can't you find what's holding her up, Saber-Pink?"

      Linna laughed faintly.  "Maybe she's using the Force."

      Nene frowned.  "I can't find ANYTHING holding her up.  She's
emitting all sorts of weird electromagnetic stuff and some low level
radiation, but nothing capable of keeping her from plummeting to her
death.  It's not consistent with her being a boomer either.  She's got a
completely human heat signature.  If she is a boomer, then she must be
some sort of heavily modified sexaroid...that uses the Force."

      Linna said, "Tell me you're kidding."

      "Maybe she's thinking about her new boyfriend when she ought to be
figuring out what's going on..."  Priss said, teasingly.  

      "Maybe he could figure this out...he's the scientist.  I just
play with computers...Maybe she's an alien."

      Linna started to laugh.  "I suppose she's Obi-Wan Kenobi's sister?"

      "Maybe she's Superman's mom."  Priss said.

      "Maybe you should shut up and let me think!"  Nene shouted over the
radio link, then looked gratified when the other two winced and tried to
clutch their ears...hard to do with a helmet on.  

      It was then that the Sabres spotted a knot of six boomers
approaching.  "Yee gods, someone wants this woman DEAD,"  Linna said.  

      Priss frowned.  "We need Celia if we're going to take that
many."

      Meylia spotted the boomers.  She bolted at high speed and the
boomers turned to pursue her.  

      Nene said, "I hate these high speed chases."

      Priss sent a message to Celia, "They're chasing the woman.  Soon as
we're sure they're not going to double back here, we'll give chase."

      Unfortunately, Celia, still talking to the cops, could not reply.

      They gave chase.  A few boomer explosions later, they lost the
woman, but were rather impressed by her at the same time.

***************************************************************************

      Late that night, Meylia sat in the woods, tired and alone.  I had to
steal my dinner, she thought. I feel so vile.  I know my grandchildren are
alive, but I don't dare approach them or they might get killed by those
'boomer' things.  She stared at her hands, at the outfit she was wearing.
What's happened to me?  Did they try some really experimental treatment on
me?  Am I the six billion yen woman now or something?  Where can I go?  

      The only other person I know who might be alive is...father.  No, I
can't, she thought.  I haven't seen him since 1969.  He's probably dead.
She thought about how she had looked in the mirror.  So should I.  Or at
least my hair should all be grey.  If I'm in this good shape...I have to
look.  Maybe he'll be gone.  But if I can find him...or my sister...She
must be out there somewhere.  It's been so long...

      Meylia hopped a ride on top of a train.  Flying is fun, she thought,
but I'm getting so tired...

****************************************************************************

      Back at the Saber headquarters, Nene and Celia were pouring over
data again.  "You think this woman is your GRANDMOTHER?"  Priss said for
the fifth time.

      "At least someone wants us to believe that.  It could easily be a
sexaroid made to look like her."  Celia said.

      "Since when did sexaroids FLY?"  Linna asked.  

      Nene said, "If she is a boomer, she's one of the best at
impersonating a human I've ever seen.  In fact, in this one close up, you
can see her breathing.  Boomers tend to forget that."

      "They don't normally wear kimonos either...She looked like some kind
of medieval noblewoman or something,"  Priss said.  

      The conference dragged on into the night, accomplishing nothing.

***********************************************************************

     Meylia flew into the clearing.  The pond was still there, as was the
shrine.  Yet, there were changes.  A house sat there that had not been
there during her childhood.  The fields were untended, just gardens now.
She hesitated.  Would anyone here even know who she was?  What will Father
think of me?

     She swallowed her pride and flew down to the front steps of her
childhood home.  She remembered the day she had last seen it.

*************************************************************************

     The date was June 1, 1969.  Meylia stood on the doorstep of her
home.  Well, what had been her home.  Her father had withdrawn after her
mother Kimiko died last year.  What affection he had to give had been
showered on Meylia's older sister.  She couldn't take it anymore.  It was
like living in a mausoleum.  Her out of touch with reality older sister
seemed to be quite content to live in the middle of nowhere, doing
nothing, with no mom..  Meylia was out of here.

      She didn't know what she was going to do, but anything was better
than this.  She ran off through the fields to the tree.  It always made
her feel better.  It was supposed to be a holy tree.  It was wreathed in
prayer ribbons.  She knelt by the tree, which stood on an island inside a
series of moats.  "Watch over me, kami.  Help my sister take care of dad.
I don't know if they'll even notice I'm gone..."

      She felt a presence.  The world began to go fuzzy, but she dimly saw
rays of light begin to shine down from the leaves.  A nameless comfort ran
through her.  Unseen, something shone upon her forehead...

*************************************************************************

     Back in the present, Meylia started.  The tree.  Was it still there?
She looked around.  If anyone was here, they were asleep.  But
trees...they never sleep.  The tree...had it done this to her?  So long
ago?

     She flew across the clearing and into the woods. The tree was still
there, looking the same as always.  As she approached, rays of light began
to fire down from it's leaves to the ground.  She could feel its presence,
its power.  

     Power like hers.  Did Father know about this?, she wondered...were
you watching me the whole time?  She flew forward, and had the first
conversation of her life with a tree...

*****************************************************************************


















Russia, 1918

     Sergei and Anastasia sat inside the lounge car of the train.  The
train was disturbingly empty, car after car of empty lounges and sleepers.  
In the aftermath of the October Revolution, it had been easy to steal a
train, especially with the Engineer's connivance, but hard to get one that
was suited for rapid travel.  Their only consolation was that with but a
single rail line crossing Siberia, it was impossible for their opponents
to cut them off, for the Red army did not yet control Siberia.  YET.

      "Uncle, will I ever see home again?"  Anastasia asked.

      "No."  There was no point in lying to her, Sergei thought.  "They
would kill you as they killed your father and your mother and your
brothers and sisters.  We are the last of the Romanovs."  Or to be more
precise, he thought, you are.  

      "I thought all the troubles would be over when Rasputin died."  She
sighed.  She was very young, only around nine or ten.

      Sergei frowned.  "He died, but his evil lived on."  If only I had
known sooner, he thought.  What I do now is little repayment for the debt
I owe her and her line.  Perhaps one day...

      She sighed and ate her cold sandwich and sipped her cold tea.  "So
where are we running to?"

      "Nowhere,"  a voice barked out.  It was a man in a red army uniform,
carrying a pistol.  "The line of the Romanovs ends here.  We have no more
use for royalty."

       Sergei sighed.  "Leave now and I shall allow you to live."

       The man laughed.  "I am ready for you this time, old man.  You
won't kill me this time as easily as you did the last."

       Sergei frowned.  His voice was tight with narrowly controlled
anger. "You."

      "I probably should have let you go and concentrated on my new
regime, but I can't allow you to live."  He paused and turned to the girl.
"Go now.  This is between me and him."

       She stared up at her uncle.  He nodded.   "Go to Andrei,
Anastasia."

      She ran.  Sergei stared at the man.  "I'm surprised you made no
effort to use her as a hostage."

      "Like my master, I do not destroy needlessly.  Everyone believes she
is dead.  That is good enough.  Should she try to reclaim her heritage, no
one will believe her or care.  You, on the other hand, are a threat."

       "If I had realized what fell from the sky that day..."   He reached
towards the sword that sat next to him.

       "You'd have died, for you would have faced all of us and not just
me."  He leveled the gun.  "Don't even think about that sword."

       Sergei ignored him and did so anyway.  The man fired.  The bullet
stopped about a foot from Sergei and vanished in a spray of light, which
arced up in a semi-circular shield.  "You should have known better than to
waste your time with the gun."

      The man cursed.  "Damn this primitive technology."

      Sergei nodded.  "Primitive, yet effective...if you're slaughtering 
the innocent.  Better luck next time...if there is one." He moved forward
with his sword.

      A few minutes later, a body fell bleeding into the snow off the
train, not to be found until spring.  Anastasia and Sergei took ship from
Vladivostok a few days later.  Anastasia and her descendants never
returned.  

***************************************************************************

Chapter 1:  Tales of the ADPolice
            or
            COPS:  Mega-Tokyo

***************************************************************************
June 4, 2034

     Daley hugged his grandfather goodbye at the airport.  "Thanks for
coming to visit me, gramps."

     His grandfather smiled.  "Thank you for having me."  He bowed.  "I
must be going.  I'll make sure to give your cousins their presents from
you."

     Daley waved as his grandfather got in line to board the plane.  He
watched until his grandfather actually boarded, then turned to go.  To his
horror, one of those airport scooters was zooming straight at him with a
pack of passengers running after it.  Someone's suitcase had fallen down
and jammed itself onto the accelerator.  Some blonde woman lead the pack
of people chasing it shouting, "Naughty luggage!  Bad!  Bad!  No Biscuit!"

      Daley got hit hard and went flying, crashing into a rack of chairs.
He was pretty sure something was broken.  The blonde ran over to him.
"Are you okay?  I'm sorry, my suitcase stole the vehicle!  But look, you
stopped it!"

      The vehicle had come to a complete stop, as the collision knocked
the suitcase off the accelerator.  

      "I feel so heroic...somebody call a doctor!"

***************************************************************************

June 5, 2034

     Leon reported to his commander, having read the note that was 
waiting for him on his desk when he arrived.  "You said you wanted to 
talk to me, sir?"

     The Captain nodded.  "Yes."  He was an old balding black man, with 
only a fringe of white hair left around the back and over his ears.  
While he had looked like that for as long as Leon had been here, he often 
claimed that his men had caused all of his missing hair to fall out over the 
years.  Normally, he and his desk never changed.  However, today he 
looked even MORE worried than usual.  Perhaps it had something to do with 
the deeply tanned curly haired blonde standing next to him.  She looked 
young, perhaps in her mid-twenties, and she was dressed in an ADPolice
uniform that just didn't quite seem right on her, possibly due to the
classic 'giggly blond' look on her face.  She reminded him somewhat of
Lisa, the Chief's niece.  

      "This is Mihoshi.  She's going to be your partner while Daley is in
the hospital."

      Leon tried to decide whether to be glad his new partner was cute or
worried because she couldn't put on her uniform correctly.  "You're new on
the force, eh?"

      She saluted with an odd gesture he'd never seen before.  "I've been
a cop for ages, but I'm new to the ADPolice."

      And it's just my luck I get to break you in, he thought.  If I
wasn't taken...sort of...this would be more enjoyable.  "Well, come with
me, I'll show you the ropes."  Little did Leon know that he was about to
experience hell on earth.  Or at least the 'bad cop movie comedy'
variation.

*************************************************************************

      Leon got into the car with Mihoshi.  "So you've been working in the
main police branch?"

      She nodded, trying desperately to remember her alleged background.
"Hai.  I wanted a challenge after my old partner got reassigned."

      "How long have you been a cop?"  She looks younger than me, Leon
thought.  Mihoshi pulled the car out of the parking space without any
trouble.  Leon relaxed.  Well, she can drive, he thought.  

      She drove through the garage slowly, much more slowly than any other
cop in the building ever did.  "Hmmmm.  Close to fifty years now."

      Leon blinked.  "Did you say fifty years?"

      She laughed nervously.  "Did I say years?  I meant days..uh
weeks...er, about five years."  Mihoshi wished they had let her write
everything down on her hand like she had requested when she got sent to do
this, but they wouldn't let her. 

     She pulled out into the traffic...onto the right side of the road.
"Ano...why are all the cars coming at me?"

     Leon blinked in total disbelief.  "You're on the WRONG SIDE OF THE
ROAD!"

     Mihoshi swerved at the last second into one of the left lanes going
the right way.  "Since when did everyone drive on the left?"

     Leon said, "..."  Why couldn't they have given me Nene for a parter?
Heck, I'd take 'Chuck Danger, Rescue Ranger' right now, he thought.  Maybe
I can convince Priss to join ADP...

     Mihoshi drove down the road, once again driving in a safe and
rational manner.  Leon relaxed again.  "So why was your partner
reassigned?"

     "She had to in...She was sent to do undercover work.  Where's your
partner?"  Mihoshi focused on her driving.  She wanted to make a good
impression, especially considering how cute her new partner was.

     "He's in the hospital.  So I assume you've done investigative work
before?"

     "Yes.  Like when I first came to Earth...ano, I mean Tokyo."

     Leon blinked.  

     "So where are we going, anyway?"

     "Just cruise around the city until we get a call.  We're on patrol,
which basically means..."

     "We listen to the radio and eat junk food until they call us."
Mihoshi pulled into the parking lot of a Circle K.  "I guess we'd better
load up."

     Maybe this won't be so bad after all, Leon thought.

     He grabbed a bag of chips off the shelf and a large 20 ounce Coke,
then turned and saw Mihoshi had five bags of chips, two 60 ounce sodas,
and a box of donuts.  And then again, he thought...

     He sighed and got in line.  To his surprise, the two people at the
head of the line pulled out handguns and leveled them at the cashier.
"Fork over the money, now."  

     Leon tapped Mihoshi on the shoulder.  She nodded and dropped her
stuff.  Including the two sixty ounce drinks. They exploded, spraying down
everyone as they spun about.  The two would be robbers started, and one of
them dropped his gun. The otherone spun around and slipped on the gumdrops
Mihoshi had just knocked on the ground.  As Leon pulled his gun, the
criminal fell and tossed his gun right into Mihoshi's hands.  She fumbled
with it and leveled it at him.  "FREEZE, icky criminal scum!"

     The cashier blinked.  "Hey, all right, the cops!"

     Leon smiled.  At least someone appreciates us.  He looked down at
himself briefly.  His pants and shirt were a sticky, soda-drenched mess.
Great, I'm going to have to go change.  He handcuffed the two men.  "We're
going to have to go drop these off, then I have to change.  I guess you
will too."  He took a good look at Mihoshi and saw she was completely dry,
unlike everyone else, who was drenched.  "Then again, maybe you won't."

     Mihoshi reached to get her cube with the hairdryer, then in a moment
of lucidity realized that they didn't have those cubes on earth.  "I
thought I had my hairdryer, but I just realized that I didn't,"  she said.

     Leon blinked.  This was going to be far too interesting.

**************************************************************************

     Lieutenant Yamano watched her subordinates hard at work.  She was in
charge of the communications division of the ADPolice, which meant mostly
riding herd over a flock of undiscplined men who thought they were were in
an old 'trucking' movie and viewed their equipment as basically giant CB
radios, and a larger flock of young women who thought calling their
boyfriends on Police lines was a perk of the job.  It was hard to be sure
which group was worse.  Yamano hadn't wanted this job.  She had made her
start as a field grunt, doing REAL police work, not being a glorified
switchboard operator like these idiots.  She kept telling herself one of
these days she would strangle the higherups for regarding moving her to
this job as a 'promotion'.  Still, I have done some good for this
department, she thought.  She turned to the new recruit.  "So you've done
this before?"

     "I've done a little of everything.  This'll be easy."  Andrea
Loughlin was tall and slender, with long black hair tied back in a
pony-tail, running down to about mid-back.  Her eyes were a deep brown,
and her face was angular.  She wore a headband to keep her bangs out of
her eyes.  Dressed in the standard ADPolice Communications uniform (A
white blouse and a black skirt), she had a much more commanding presence
than most of the people in the department, who ranged from unimpressive to
goofy looking.  "As long as I don't have to put up with...well, never mind
that.  So what do I do first?"

      "First you meet your fellow staffers, and I assign one of them to
show you the ropes, so to speak."  Lt. Yamano looked around the room.
"Will everyone who is slacking off, please raise their right hand!"

     Five arms shot up before their owners realized what they were doing.
They at least had the good grace to be embarrassed.  One of them was Nene
Romanova, who felt especially stupid for raising her hand.  She quickly
switched her screen so no one could see she was mucking.  

     Lt. Yamano said, "This is Officer Andrea Loughlin, formerly of the
New York Police.  She'll be working with us for a year to study our
procedures in various departments.  Unlike you losers, she's had real
field experience, and I expect you to give her the utmost respect.  Is
that clear?"

      Everyone mumbled and grumbled a bit, but they all nodded.  Lt.
Yamano continued.  "Officer Romanova, I'm assigning you to show her the
way we do things around here.  You'd better do it right, or your head will
roll."

      Nene sighed and saluted, "Yes sir."

      Lt. Yamano blinked.  Amazing, she actually remembers how to salute.
"Right.  Well, go to it, Romanova."  She spun on her heel and marched off.

      Andrea walked over to Nene and sat down.  "Pretty strict commander
you have here."

      "So you're from the New York Police?"

      "Yeah.  We send people over to other nations periodically to study
your procedures, methods, equipment, and so on.  New York doesn't have
much in the way of Boomer problems right now, but that's because of the
Robotics Code."

       "Yeah, most boomers are banned in the United States, right?"

       Andrea nodded.  "US Robots and Mechanical Men got the Robotics
code passed in the 2020s.  Any robot that doesn't have the 'US Standard
Robotic Behavior Code' hardwired into it is illegal.  This prevents the
use of combat boomers of any kind, for example, although there are ways to
cheat to some extent.  Robots can use force to protect people, so there
are bodyguard robots, and they can use force against non-human targets,
such as other boomers or mechs.  Still, it does cut down heavily on boomer
related crimes because the penalties are much stiffer.  Genom would have
probably eaten US Robots alive by now if not for the code.  We don't
have armed vigilantes like the Knight Sabres either.  So what is the truth
about them, anyway?  I've heard a lot of crazy stories."

       Nene laughed nervously.  "They don't work for us, that's for sure.
They're sort of...uh, well...they fight the boomers too.  They're not
exactly rivals, but they're free operators.  Anyway, lemme show you how
all this stuff works."

       Nene found out quickly that Andrea was a fast learner.  Within a
few hours, she had mastered the use of the equipment, though her lack of
knowlege of city geography was another question...She didn't know where
ANYTHING was, except the airport, her house, ADPolice headquarters, and a
few train stations.  "Maybe I can show you around town later when we get
off work,"  Nene suggested.  "So you don't send any TAC squads to the
Mayor's house..."

       Andrea said, "Thanks, I'd appreciate that.  If this was New York,
I'd be fine, but this city isn't much like my hometown."

      "Right.  We'd better get back to work before the lieutenant notices
we're talking..."  

************************************************************************

     Quincy sat in a darkened room, watching a monitor screen with two
people on it.  One was a tall woman with short black hair, dressed in
black pants and a dark blue chinese coat with yellow ties.  The other was
a man with slightly longer brown hair and sun-glasses, wearing a suit.
The woman had a pair of swords in her hands and appeared to be engaged in
some sort of odd ritual behavior, swinging them about as she talked.  The
man seemed vaguely amused by the whole thing.

     "So you placed a new agent in the ADPolice without consulting me,
Adam?"  Quincy said.

     The man, Adam, frowned.  "I was under the delusion that keeping an
eye on the ADPolice was part of my DUTIES.  Given that Genom has yet to
develop a way for me to simply read minds.  Besides, she's an expert at
everything, especially at gaining people's trust.  No one will ever
suspect her."

     The woman laughed.  "Having a burst of idealism today, are you?  He's
simply positioning himself to crush you if this goes awry."

     Quincy smiled faintly, "And what news from your mission, Eve?"

     Eve frowned.  "The woman in question is almost certainly Celia
Stingray's grandmother, whatever else may have happened in the interlude,
or a very good facsimile thereof.  However, she has now vanished off the
face of the earth.  One of my agents thought he had found more, but..."

     "But what?"

     "He was investigating a news snippet that seemed to show her in the
background at a protest on the University of Tokyo campus."  She paused.

     "And?"  Quincy asked, his voice bland.

     "He's now in the Charles Dexter Ward Home for the Mentally Injured.
He doesn't remember anything before age 10.  Cause unknown."  She paused
in her sword kata.  "And his implants were crushed.  Without surgical
scars."

      Quincy frowned.  "That's impossible."

      "So not even a partial neural recording could be recovered.  Unless
he regains his memories, we may never know what happened."

      Quincy said, "So where is Seth?"

      Adam sighed.  "I thought you sent him on a 'secret mission'", he
said, his voice getting just a touch of sarcasm on the last two words.

      "He should have returned by now."  Quincy frowned again.  "Any
progress in finding..."

      Eve interrupted him.  "No."

      Quincy raised an eyebrow.  "What was that about needing psychic
powers?"

      Eve laughed.  "Well, you always ask if we've found him and the
answer is always no.  I think he's dead."

      Quincy shook his head.  "He's not dead."

      Adam nodded.  "He's out there."

      Eve rolled her eyes.  "I suppose he's living with Nick Hatchett,
Robot Fighter, Princess Esmerelda, Ayukawa Madoka, and Buddha on an island
in the Bahamas, too."

      Adam tried not to laugh, having a greater appreciation of Quincy's
ability to have them die at any time than Eve did.

      Quincy laughed for about three seconds, startling Adam, who had
concluded that Quincy had sold his sense of humor for start-up capital a
long time ago.  "You may speak more truly than you know.  Anything else to
report?"

      Adam's mind raced through that statement, hunting for every possible
nuance.  After a few seconds, he put the thought on the backburner and
turned his attention back to reality.  "Here's our report on Schilling
Enterprises," he began.  The report took much longer than the preceding
conversation, but in the cosmic scheme of things would turn out to be far
less important.

************************************************************************

     That evening, Linna picked up Nene and Andrea in her new car.  "Hi,
I'm Yamazaki Linna, nice to meet you," she said to Andrea.  

      Andrea smiled.  "Nice to meet you.  I'm Andrea Loughlin from New
York."  She and Nene piled into the car.

      "Your Japanese is very good, Andrea,"  Linna said as she pulled out
into the flow of traffic.  

      "Thanks.  I lived in Japan for a while when I was younger, so that
sort of made me a natural for this assignment."

      "Oh really?  Where did you live?"  Linna asked.  

      Andrea paused for a moment then said, "A small town up in the
mountains, at a shrine.  I was an exchange student."

      Linna started to reply, then suddenly, a car swerved into her lane
and she desperately swerved over to avoid it, sending more cars fleeing in
panic.  The offending vehicle, an ADPolice Patrol Car, managed to get back
into the proper lane and roared off.  Linna got only a brief glimpse of
the blonde woman driving it.  "Yeesh, when the police can't manage to stay
on the right side of the road..."

       Nene said, "Hey that looked like Leon's car, but he doesn't drive
like that.  I hope."

       Andrea sighed and muttered something under her breath, then spoke
more clearly.  "Leon your boyfriend?"

       Nene blushed.  "I'd have to be insane to go out with that man!
He's just one of our fellow officers.  He's a detective.  But his partner
isn't blonde or female."  She paused.  "Oh wait, Daley's in the hospital.
They must have given him a new partner for the duration."

       Linna said, "Well, assuming we can avoid being killed by your
fellow officers, it's time for my world famous tour of Mega-Tokyo.  Fasten
your seatbelts, this plane is about to take off!"  The tour was soon in
progress.

**************************************************************************

     Wilson Kamisaka clicked on the mouse by his computer and his screen
saver of 'Nick Hatchett, Heroic Robot Fighter' images cut out.  He called
up his email program and checked his messages.  The fifth one had no
subject line and had the content, 'Look under your monitor'.  He did so
and found a note telling him to arrange an assassination.  He wondered for
the fifth time that day if he was the only sane person in Schilling
Enterprises.  Why am I supposed to have a lingerie shop owner killed?  He
sighed and went to work making the arrangements.  I do what I'm paid for,
he thought.

**************************************************************************

      Linna drove the car off the Tokyo University campus.  "Too bad your
boyfriend wasn't home, Nene."  She turned her attention to Andrea.  "He's
a really nice guy, though kinda...affectionate."

      Nene laughed.  "I don't mind as long as I'm the one he's being
affectionate towards."

      "And he's got that funky hair."  Linna cut across three lanes of
traffic so she could make the next turn.

      "Funky hair?"  Andrea asked.  

      "It's spikey like a punk rocker, but this really boring shade of
brown."  Linna explained.
       Nene nodded.  "He claims it's a family tradition or something."

       Andrea laughed.  "What, his parents have hair like that?"

       "Well, he claims that, but I haven't met them yet.  They both do
classified government work he can't talk about."  Nene sighed.  "He's met
my mom, though, and she really likes him a lot."

     Linna laughed, "Well, except for fainting the first time she saw
him."

     "Mom doesn't handle surprises very well."

      "Our next stop...somewhere we can eat.  I'm hungry."

     "Not half as hungry as I am!"  Nene proclaimed.

     Andrea said, "Yeah, I could do with food too."  Amazingly, they made
it through the night without a single boomer attack.

**************************************************************************


     Celia put down the phone and sighed.  Once again her distributor was 
acting up.  The worst part about running this shop is dealing with other 
businesspeople, she thought.  Doesn't anyone on this planet believe in 
things like making deadlines?  The shipment was already a week late, but 
by the time I could make arrangements to get it from somewhere else, it 
will probably get here, she thought.  

     Luckily, I don't need this place to stay financially afloat, or I'd 
be in the poorhouse, she thought.  A very loud crashing noise caught her 
attention.  Something big must have fallen down in the shop, she 
thought.  What's Macky up to this time?  She put down the papers she had 
been working on and headed out into the shop.  Damage control time.  

      The entire central display had collapsed.  Macky was standing on 
part of it, trying to pull another part off of some very tanned blonde 
woman, who kept laughing with a really high-pitched and annoying laugh.  
"I'm sorry.  I was just trying to check the price tag and the whole thing 
fell down."

       Celia strode over.  The girl had knocked down the whole thing 
trying to check a...pricetag?  "Are you all right, Miss..."

       "Mihoshi!  Nice to meet you.  I was just doing a little 
shopping...I accidentally set most of my underwear on fire last night and 
..."  Macky managed to finally pull the stuff off Mihoshi, which caused the 
stuff he was standing on to suddenly topple, flinging him into another 
rack which collapsed.  This set off a chain of collapsing clothing racks 
across the store, finally culminating in sending the last rack through 
the window.  

     Celia sighed internally.  More repairs, plus that might have hit 
someone.  At least she doesn't seem the type to sue.  "Maybe I can help 
you find what you're looking for while Macky goes and sees if he's killed 
anyone."

      Celia helped the poor ditz look for some underwear and got the 
entire messy story of the chain of disasters that had culminated in the 
loss of most of her clothing the previous night.  Celia soon concluded it 
was in her best interest to get this customer on her way as swiftly as 
possible.

************************************************************************

     He reviewed his instructions.  Why he was supposed to assassinate 
a lingerie shop owner, he didn't know.  He didn't really care, except 
that it just seemed odd to him that anyone would pay rates as high as 
his for a job this easy.  He checked the address.  This was the place. 

     Someone had dropped a ten thousand yen bill.  Pretty big money to be 
casually dropped on the ground.  He got out his wallet and bent over to 
pick it up.  The sound of tinkling glass alerted him that something was 
wrong, but he was in the process of bending over to pick up the money, 
and didn't look up fast enough.  The falling clothing rack fell on his 
head and knocked him out cold.  His wallet flew out of his hands and a 
few seconds later, someone spotted it and took it.

************************************************************************

     Macky emerged from the Silky Doll and soon found a man pinned under
the fallen clothing rack.  He quickly checked the man, who seemed to be
not too badly injured, but he went ahead and ran back inside and called
for an ambulance.  What an unlucky guy, he thought.  

      Celia soon emerged with Mihoshi who said, "Oh no, this is all my
fault!  WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!"

      This woke the man up.  He clutched his ears.  "What's that horrible
NOISE?"  He saw his targets standing before him, but there were too many
people around and his head hurt. It'll wait, he thought.  

      "I'm so sorry!  I didn't mean to knock over the rack on you!"

      He tried to get up and Celia said, "You'd better not move until the
ambulance gets here."

      "Uh yeah, you're probably right."

      He didn't even realize he'd lost his wallet until he was at the
hospital.  Without proof of his identity, he ended up getting tossed out
of the hospital fairly quickly.  He was NOT pleased.

************************************************************************

     Linna went to answer the knock on her door.  Andrea was there in a
blue gi.  "Here I come for you to stomp me!"  Andrea said, smiling, and
stepped inside.  "Thanks for offering to spar with me.  I need someone to
practice with to keep my skills up.  Is Nene coming?"

     Linna laughed.  "I wish.  She needs to get better at fighting...I
mean, she is a cop."  Linna went and changed into her yellow gi.  She laid
out a mat in the living room, then did some warm up exercises, as did
Andrea.  

     They both bowed to each other, then stood for a moment, trying to
decide what to do first.  Andrea started things off with a flurry of kicks
and punches.  Linna easily avoided them all, then grabbed Andrea's foot
and pulled her off her feet.  "What do you practice, anyway?"  she asked.

     "A little of everything."  She suddenly lunged forward, took a punch,
and grabbed Linna in a shoulder hold and tossed her.  Linna landed easily
without hurting herself and sprang back up.

     "Not bad."  Hmm.  Judo move.  They danced about the mat, unleashing
barrages of attacks on one another.  Linna soon found out that Andrea
really DID know a little of everything, though often not many of the more
advanced moves of any given style.  Andrea observed Linna was one of the
most natural, graceful fighters she had ever seen.  

     After a half hour, they both took a break.  "You're really good,"
Andrea said, eagerly drinking a glass of apple juice.  

     "You too!  I guess you get a lot of use for it, being a cop and all,
though."  Linna sat down in her nice very plush chair and worked on her
glass of grape juice.

     There was a knock at the door.  Linna got up and got it.  She
blinked.  It was Nene in a workout outfit.  "You came?"

     "What does it look like?  Ryu's sister dragged him off somewhere, so
I thought I'd come over."

     Linna let Nene inside.  "Feel up to a little sparring?"  she teased.

     "Sure!"

     Linna blinked.  Maybe she's sick.  

     Andrea got up.  "Come on, Nene.  I'll spar with you."

     Linna sat and drank grape juice and watched.  Nene and Andrea bowed
to each other.  Andrea stood still as Nene stared at her for a moment,
then charged forward, unleashing a barrage of clumsy, though rapid
punches.  Andrea, moving only a little faster than Nene, methodically
blocked them all, then gave Nene some advice on how to do the punches
correctly.  As Linna watched them spar, she soon realized that Andrea was
fighting with maybe half the amount of speed she had shown earlier, and
only using fairly basic moves.  I guess she's trying to make Nene not feel
too outclassed.  

     As she watched Nene successfully deliver some of the punches she had
messed up earlier, a thought suddenly struck Linna.  What if she was
holding back with me too?  Naaah, no one could be that good, her ego
reassured her.  

      Pretty soon, Nene was exhausted.  She flopped down on the floor, but
to Linna's surprise, it was the first time she'd ever seen Nene happy
after a workout.  

************************************************************************

     Leon drove down Highway 49, pretending Mihoshi was only a figment of
his imagination.  This was easy since she was staring quietly out the
window watching the world go by.  Leon should have known by now this was a
bad sign, but a man can dream, can't he?

     Suddenly, the radio crackled to life.  "Car 54, we have an out of
control boomer on Highway 49.  Coming your way.  TAC squad has been
dispatched."

      Mihoshi started.  "Hey, that sounded like..."  She covered her
mouth.

     Leon blinked.  "It sounded like someone in Communications...why, did
she sound like some movie actress?"

     Mihoshi waved her arms about, activating the windshield wipers.
"Nothing.  Nothing at all.  Certainly not..."

     "Not what?"  Leon was soon distracted by the sound and sight of
explosions ahead.  He pulled over and yelled, "Get out and take cover!
We've got to pray this thing doesn't waste us before the TAC squad gets
here."

      Mihoshi shrieked and pulled out her gun, diving behind the car.  The
boomer was moving down the road, methodically trashing every vehicle in
its path.  Leon popped up and took a shot at it and missed.  Mihoshi
pulled the trigger five times, but nothing happened.

      "Waaaah, my gun is broken!"

      Leon swore.  "Did you remember to LOAD it this time?"

      She nodded and popped out the clip to show him.  He stared at her
gun.  "The SAFETY is on!"

      She blushed and clicked it off, then stood up and fired at the
boomer.  She hit it in the gut, then fell down as the boomer flew over
head, spraying fire everywhere.  She howled in fear and convulsively
pulled the trigger on her gun as she toppled backwards.  "Waah, Leon, my
gun is malfunctioning!"

      Leon had dived under the car, praying it wouldn't explode.  He
crawled out and saw the boomer explode into flaming fragments and crash
into the road.  "Nice shooting, Mihoshi."  

      Mihoshi said, "There's something wrong with this gun!  It knocked me
down!"

      Leon said, "Are you okay?"

      Mihoshi got up.  "My bottom hurts."  She turned around.  "Yay!  I
killed the big bad evil boomer!"  She paused.  "I was supposed to do that,
right?"

      Leon stared at the flaming boomer.  "You just took out a military
combat boomer, 45-B with a handgun.  You should be proud."  He paused.
"Why do you think there's something wrong with your gun?"

      "Everytime I pull the trigger, it pushes my arms back!"

      "..."  Maybe I'm having a bad dream.  "That's called recoil."

      "What's recoil?"

      Leon contemplated fainting for dramatic effect.  At this point, the
ADPolice van roared up and unleashed a TAC squad.  The commander, Sgt.
Banks came over.  "Where's the boomer?"

      Mihoshi jumped up and down.  "I killed it!  I killed it!"

      "You killed a 45-B?"  Sgt. Banks said, disbelievingly.

      "Yeah...can I get a gun without any 'recoil'?  I don't like it."

      The conversation only got weirder from there.

************************************************************************

     "All right!  All you dogs line up!"  Lt. Yamano shouted.  She had
the entire Communications department on the firing range, except for the
ones currently on duty.  "It's time for some shooting practice!  You know
the drill.  Go to it."

      The firing range soon resounded with the sounds of people missing
the targets.  Nene found to her surprise that she actually had gotten one
of the higher scores.  Only five people were ahead of her 60 points,
although this wasn't saying much when the maximum possible score was 500
for ten shots.  The next highest scores were Naoko with 80 points, Tom
with 120, Tamiya with 130 points, Cynthia with 240, and Andrea with 490.
She would have had 500, but she had sneezed during the last shot.
Everyone gathered around her target in awe.  

     Yamano smiled.  "Take this officer as your model!  I expect all of
you to be up to at least 100 by two weeks from now."

     Naoko said to Andrea, "You're really good!"

     She shrugged.  "I'm a field operative normally.  We use our guns a
lot more than you have to.  Other than shooting each other, I don't know
what use there is to drilling you with weapons."

     "Well, we did get attacked at headquarters last year,"  Naoko said.
"You were on duty, right, Nene?"

      Nene nodded.  "Lemme tell you all about it."  She did.

************************************************************************

     Linna stretched and relaxed.  She felt invigorated.  One nice thing
about being an aerobics instructor was that she felt invigorated instead
of tired at the end of the day.  One of her fellow instructors, a girl
named Rachel Yamazaki came over to her.  "Hey, Linna, you doing anything
tonight?"

    Rachel was short, with incredibly long black hair and a vaguely noble
look to her, even in a workout outfit.  She and Linna weren't related,
although they did have the same last name.  She and Linna and Rachel's
roommate, Ursula, went out sometimes after work.  Ursula was a painter and
a bit of a ditz and she and Rachel bickered all the time, but they were
fun to hang out with.  It let Linna be a normal person and not think about
boomers for a while.  

     "Naah.  I was planning to be bored out of my skull."  Linna leaned
against the wall.  "So what bar shall we be terrorizing tonight?"

     Rachel thought for a moment.  "How about the Lonely Eskimo?  They've
probably forgotten we exist by now."

     Linna smiled faintly.  "Or at least cleaned up the carpet.  I'll come
by your place at six, okay?"

     Rachel nodded.  "If we're lucky, Ursula will decide what to wear by
then."

     They both laughed.

************************************************************************

     Daley lay in bed, sighing.  Stupid leg.  Stupid flu.  Stupid this,
that and the next thing.  I feel like I've been a laid up forever, he
thought.  He sighed.

     "Hey, cheer up!  It's party time!"  Leon said.  

     Daley blinked.  "Hey, Leon!  Nice to see you!"  He scooted over.
"There's room for you here in bed with me if you don't mind my cast."  He
winked.

     Leon laughed.  "Well, I may have to join you if my crazy new partner
keeps up her current string of luck."

     Daley looked at Leon carefully.  "You don't look injured."

     Leon pulled up a chair and sat down.  "Not for lack of her trying."
He leaned back.  "The woman is completely insane.  Please tell me they're
going to let you out soon."

     "Uhh...I have bad news for you."

     "You're going to be in here for a long time?"

     "I'm taking a week's vacation to attend a party for my grandparents'
fiftieth wedding anniversary and to celebrate my birthday in about two
weeks, which should be right about the same time as I get out of here."

     If Leon had not been too macho to cry in public, this would have been
the perfect time to start crying.  Instead, he just sat and screamed
INSIDE his head.


************************************************************************

     It was time for weekly fitness testing and practice at Celia's lab.
Linna was in the simulation room, busily destroying holographic boomers.
Meanwhile, Nene was on the treadmill and hating every second of it.  She
gritted her teeth in a totally gratuitous manner and kept jogging as fast
as she could stand.  I'm so sick and tired of Celia nagging me about being
out of shape and Linna and Priss laughing at me.  She pushed herself with
a rare effort of willpower while Celia made the little non-commital
humming noises that Nene knew all too well.

      Finally, Celia said, "That's enough, Nene."

      She kept moving and sprinted off the treadmill onto a chair.  Celia
walked over and handed her a clipboard.  "Okay, now you monitor me."

      Nene nodded and moved over to the monitor board.  "How did I do?"

      "Up 2% from last time.  I take it you've been getting some
exercise."  Celia began running at about the same pace that had left Nene
breathless.  She seemed to barely notice her own speed.

      "Our crazy new commander thinks the ADPolice is a boot camp or
something.  She's been doing morning exercises and shooting practice and
everything.  I'm so tired all the time!"  Nene sighed.  "At least Andrea's
been able to help me with my shooting practice."

      "That's good, Nene,"  Macky said from the work out room monitor
station.  "Because you're next."

      Nene sighed.  A woman's work is never done, she thought.

****************************************************************************

      Macky once again manned the monitor board for the VR room while Nene
practiced.  Priss sat and watched, rather bored, while Linna and Celia
half watched the combat testing and half put their attention into talking.
"Has Nene been working out that you know of, Linna?"  Celia asked.  "Her
results are up after three weeks of decline."

      "Well, her new boss at work has been making everyone in her
department work out.  Plus, I sort of dropped a hint to her boyfriend."

      Celia frowned.

      "Not that kind of hint!  I'm not stupid, you know.  I just suggested
he might want to encourage her to maybe work out with him so she'd get in
better shape and have less trouble at work with her boss."

      "I'm not concerned about you.  I'm concerned about him."

      "He's just this goofy engineering student with silly hair,"  Linna
said.

      "And Largo was just this goofy boomer.  He looks like a goofy
kid to me too, but we can't be too careful."  She sighed.  You thought
Sylvie was just a normal person as well, Celia thought.

      Linna sighed.  "He seems like a nice kid.  You never get this
uptight over any of my boyfriends."

      Priss laughed.  "None of yours last long enough to make it worth
bothering."

      "HEY!"  Linna stomped over to Priss.  "At least I haven't been
stringing the same guy along for two years!"

      Priss got up.  "That's because no guy in his right mind would date
you for two years."

      Celia sighed.  "You're acting like children.  Sit down."

      Celia's words had little effect. They continued to glare at each
other.  I feel like someone's mom, she thought.

      The glaring contest was ended when Macky said, "Oh my god!"

      Celia spun.  "What's wrong?"

      "Nene's up to level ten!"

      Linna shrugged.  "Wasn't she at level 12 last week?"

      "Yes, but last week she had hacked in and reset the difficulty
levels to half their normal rating.  She only made it to the equivalent of
level 8 on the correct scale.  And she only made it to eight because she
augmented her suit's simulated abilities."  Macky looked through the
window, watching the big floating star chase Nene, who was running
desperately avoiding the shots it was firing at her.

      Priss laughed.  "Looks like she runs better than she fights."

      Celia said, "Perhaps she cracked the code again...if she'd only put
that much effort into her body..."

      "And perhaps she'll buy Genom with her savings, too,"  Priss said.

      The star finally zapped Nene.  The machine made little pac-man death
noises.  Macky laughed.  "Well, we missed one bit of her hacking."

      Nene emerged from the chamber and sat down hard.  "Wow, that was
really hard!"

      Celia smiled.  "Well, you've set a new record for times you didn't
cheat.  Or did you?"

      "This soon?  Of course not.  I guess daily exercise does pay off."

      Celia smiled a little broader and reminded herself to send an
anonymous check to Lt. Yamano.

***************************************************************************

      Andrea sat back in her nice plush chair and relaxed.   I wish I knew
how to get a nice comfy chair like this back home.  She paused and
thought, it would probably distract me too much, though.  Straightening
up, she idly tapped a key and clicked off the screen saver on her
computer, which ceased to show a picture of the four knight sabres chasing
Pac-man, replaced instead by the report she was typing.

*     Nene Romanova:  Officer of the ADPolice, Communications division.  A
*sweet girl who is, however, more than she seems.  Nine of ten says she's
*working for someone, given that she's wasting her computer skills as a
*glorified switchboard operator.  I have detected signs of at least five
*regular hackers in the ADPolice computer system, and I'm quite certain
*she works for at least one of them.  We have become quite friendly over
*the last week.  I hope it does not become necessary to take action
*against her, but I will do what is necessary.  

     I'll have to work on this, she thought.  It'll do for a start.  Oh, I
almost forgot one thing...

*against her, but I will do what is necessary.  Yes, she IS dating him.
*See attached files for all public records of her.

     On to the next person, she thought.  She typed out twenty more
profiles, culminating in:

*     Linna Yamazaki:  She is an aerobics instructor and expert martial
*artist, one of the best I've ever met.  She is currently wasting her life
*dating this total loser, who I hope falls off a cliff.

      Andrea sighed and deleted the entire thing.  Maybe I don't need to
report on her...It's not like I'm writing reports on my neighbors.  She's
not ADPolice, so it's unlikely that she...

      Andrea paused.  On the other hand, she might make a very good agent
for us.  Of course, fighting skills alone don't make a recruit
but...there's something about her.

      Andrea closed the file and opened a new one.

*Potential Recruit:
*                   Yamazaki, Linna
*Age:  22

      This kept her busy for quite some time.





















March 22, 1896
Galaxy Police Headquarters

      The young officer saluted the commander.  "Sir, the operation is
complete.  The final locks have clicked into place.  KAIN will never
bother the galaxy again."

      "Good.  I must go and compose a letter of condolence to the Royal
family of Jurai on the loss of their leader, the Emperor."  He turned to
go.

     "There's only one problem, sir."

     "What's that?"

     He bigsweated.  "Umm...three other prisoners escaped the confinement
grid while KAIN was being sealed in."

     "Who?"

     "X-5000677, Z-3984, and Y-4303948.  The grid partially slid open
while KAIN was being shoved in, sir, as far as we can figure.  Also, it
seems possible that something broke into our computer system and assisted 
their escape."

      "..."  The commander began to pace back and forth.  "It must have
been an inside job.  The security computer cannot be accessed from the
outside world.  It is linked into no other system.  We must have a
mole..."

      The hunt was on.

**************************************************************************

Chapter 2:  Queen of Swords.

**************************************************************************

      Manami parked her car in the lot in front of the place.  I hope I'm
not lost, she thought, looking up at the big building, which rather
resembled a warehouse.  There was a big sign over the door, 'Alphonse's'.
She walked inside, hoping this was the right place.  She was greeted at
the door by a woman dressed in what looked somewhat like a military
uniform.  The woman wore dark blue slacks and a dark blue blouse, with
a tan vest over the blouse, buttoned in front.  The white visor on her
head bore the logo, 'SV2', whatever that meant.  She had a nametag that
read, 'Sgt. Kamazaki Yohko'.  Her hair was short and black with a boyish
cut.  "Hi, welcome to Alphonse's.  Can I help you?"

      "I'm looking for Professor Hiyama's history class?"  I need to ask
Professor Hiyama why we're meeting here, Manami thought.  I'm glad I have
a car.  

      "Ahh, follow me."  Manami followed Kamazaki into the main room.  The
main room of Alphonse's is huge.  The ceiling was about a hundred feet
high and there were several stories of wide walkways around the walls with
more tables up on them.  The main floor was half empty, forming a dance
floor, while the rest had tables.  There was a bar by the far wall, and
behind the bar stood a huge gleaming white mech.  The walls were lined
with pictures of various mechs, their pilots, and support staff.  Light
and breezy pop music was playing.  She saw the other seven students in the
seminar and professor Hiyama, her advisor, at one of the tables.
Professor Hiyama smiled.  "Hello, Manami-san." 

      Manami sat down.  "I'm not late, am I?"

      "No, we have another five minutes.  When are you coming in for
advising?"

      "How about tomorrow?"  She sat down, then said to the waitress, "Get
me a Dr. Pepper please."  The waitress nodded and said into her headset.
"Dr. Pepper for table 8,"  then went to go get it.

      "Okay.  Sounds good to me.  You're probably all wondering why I
asked you all to meet here this week."

      "Yes, I was wondering,"  Jonathon asked.  He was a gaijin student
at the university.  One of the best students in the class.  

      "Well, the main reason was I wanted an excuse to go out, and my
husband is out of town, but..."  Everyone facefaulted.

      She laughed and ran her hands through her short, greying hair,
looking at her students with a twinkle in her steel blue eyes.  She was
probably the happiest history professor they had ever met.  Her husband
was gone a lot of the time on research, but he taught at the university
too.  She was short, and in excellent shape for a woman of her age,
whatever that was exactly, though she had a slight limp in her right leg.
She had been at the university a lot longer than her students. "Well,
since this is a class on Modern Japanese history, I thought we'd
visit an important historical site.  This was the headquarters of SV2, one
of the special teams that was developed to deal with the problems of
renegade labors.  I hope you've done your reading."

      They all nodded.  Kyoko got out her copy of this week's readings,
"Patlabor:  The rise and fall of SV2", by Goto Kiichi.  She hadn't quite
finished it.  "I was wondering where they got a real Ingram."

      "Manami, would you like to tell us about the circumstances
surrounding the introduction of labors and why the SV2 was founded?"
Professor Hiyama sat back and smiled.  

      Manami sweated a little.  I should have read more carefully, she
thought, then pulled herself together.  "Around 1990, Shinohara
Enterprises and Mendo Industries in Japan, US Robots in the United
States, and SCHAFT in Europe all began intensive research into robotics.
By 1996, they had developed the first labors, basically enhanced
exoskeletons, for use in heavy industry and construction.  In Japan, they
first became important during the Babylon project, an effort to build a
sea wall across Tokyo bay.  SV2 was created to deal with this.  This
book..." She pointed to the text, then continued, "is the memoir of Goto
Kiichi, who was the head of SV2's Second Unit, and later head of the
expanded Special Vehicles Command, then of the ADPolice when SVC was
merged with other units to form the ADPolice in 2027 AD.  Labors continued
to be used until the early 2020s, when a series of accidents lead to heavy
restrictions on their use, along with breakthroughs in Boomer technology,
which came to replace the use of Labors, although some come to be used to
the present day..."  

      The discussion continued from there.  

***********************************************************************

     Far across the room, Ryu sat with his girlfriend, blissfully
unaware of the presence of his half sister Manami.  "So when are your
friends going to get here?"  he asked.

     Nene smiled.  This place is great.  I can't believe Leon actually
found somewhere this cool.  Priss will probably complain about how bad the
music is the entire time, though.  And they'll both pretend this isn't a
double date, either.  Well, Priss will.  "Soon, I hope.  I guess Leon got
held up with his new partner."

     "He has a new partner?"  Ryu had met Leon and Daley before.  He and
Nene had been dating for about three months since they had met at one of
Priss' concerts that his sister had dragged him to.  One of these days,
mother's gonna find out what she's up to and heads will roll.  Well, her
mom...mine would probably laugh her head off.  

      "Some insane blonde woman.  She has NO brain.  He's about to go
stark raving mad, I think."  Nene sipped her coke.

     For a moment, Ryu felt a brief stab of panic.  Naaah, it couldn't be
her, he thought.  "I've known people like that."

     "How are your classes going?"

     "They're going really well!  I should be able to graduate this year
without any problems.  How are things going at the ADPolice?"

      Nene smiled.  "Well, we have a new girl in our department.  She's
really nice.  Named Andrea Loughlin.  I think she's from New York.
She's incredibly good at everything.  We were all worried we'd have to
train her, but she knows our job better than a lot of us do."

      "Well, that wouldn't be too hard.  I bet I could do a better job
than most of the ADPolice in any department,"  a woman standing nearby cut
in.  It was Priss.  Nene fumed, while Ryu tried hard not to laugh.

      Priss was dressed up.  Well, as dressed up as she ever gets.  She
was wearing a green blouse and dark blue slacks, both of which Nene
recognized as coming out of Linna's wardrobe.  Leon stood nearby,
grinning, wearing a white button up shirt and grey slacks.  He was wearing
a blue fish tie as well.  "Then why don't you sign up and show us?"

      He pulled a chair out for Priss, which she ignored, taking the other
chair.  He grinned ruefully and sat down between Nene and Priss, opposite
Ryu.  

       Priss laughed.  "The day I join the ADPolice is the day cows fly."

      "What other job lets you blow up Genom corporate property legally on
a daily basis?"  Leon started checking the menu.

      Ryu laughed.  "Well, other than working FOR Genom.  They blow up
enough of their own property for five companies."

      Priss took a look at the menu while she was talking.  "Besides, if I
joined the ADPolice, they might stick me with you, Leon."

      "Worse, they might stick you with my new partner."  Leon made a
strangling noise.  "Be glad you're not a detective, Nene."

       "Is she really that bad?"  Nene asked.

       "She's a walking disaster area, half the time she talks like she's
from another planet, and she managed to handcuff herself to the steering
wheel of the car today, then lost the key.  Luckily, someone found some
bolt cutters or she'd STILL be in our patrol car." 

       "What do you carry handcuffs for, anyway?"  Priss asked.  "You
can't exactly handcuff a boomer and take him downtown."

       "Well, we do handle other police matters IF we stumble on them.
They don't call us in for things like bank robberies, but if we happen to
be there...and since getting my new partner, we've stumbled into 12
convenience store robberies, five bank robberies, two efforts to break
into an ATM, 12 muggings and a car jacking.  That's in one week."

      Nene blinked.  "What about boomer related crimes?"

      Leon shrugged.  "If I took this last week as a guide, I wouldn't
know that Boomers exist.  The one Boomer we got to, turned out to be some
guy dressed up in a Boomer costume who was drunk."  He paused.  "Oh, well,
we did run into one.  She took it down with a handgun...must have been
defective."

     Priss laughed.  "Our tax money at work."

     "Well, this has been a pretty quiet week for boomers overall, anyway,
right?"  Ryu signalled a waitress to come over so they could order.

     Before Leon could answer, the big screen TV over the bar suddenly
came to life, its audio overriding the radio.  "Tonight on Channel Ten
Action News:  The Coca Cola Corporation purchases Lithuania.  President
David Xanatos of the United States locked in struggle with Congress over
the budget.  Bishop Hino condemns the GENOM corporation for its continued
abuses.  And here in Mega-Tokyo, it looks like our resident vigilantes,
the Knight Sabres, may be getting some competition.  We'll be right back
after this commercial break."  An ad for Magical Princess Evangelia came
on.

      The waitress came and took their orders during the break.  Ryu
noticed Priss and Nene kept giving each other funny looks, while Leon
looked greatly amused for no apparent reason.  The problem with trying to
break into a new group of friends, he thought, is that for a long time you
can't understand why they do things.

      The newscast resumed.  Leon continued to list all the crazy things
his new partner had done during the first part of the newscast, getting a
lot of laughs from all three of his listeners.  However, when the cast
turned to local news, he shut up.

      "The Juuban district of Tokyo has long been a place for unusual
events.  During the Nineties, it was the site of the urban legend of the
Sailor Soldiers, whose existence remains disputed.  What is undisputed is
the vast number of unusual events and strange deaths that plagued the
district for ten years.  The most spectacular of these was the
destruction of Mugen Gakuen in an explosion whose causes were never
determined.  Now, thirty years later, perhaps the cycle has begun again.
For two weeks, local citizens have been dying, one per night, their blood
drained.  ADPolice were called in today after parallels were found with
the so-called 'vampire killings' of a year ago."

      Nene blinked.  "I didn't hear ANYTHING about this."

      Leon nodded.  "Must have been a secret calling-in, because I didn't
hear anything either."

      Priss snorted.  "New levels of cluelessness for the ADP, eh?"

      "However, this proved unnecessary, as the offending sexaroid was
found tied up on the roof of the ADPolice building, with photographic
evidence and a Tarot card, the Queen of Swords, lying nearby.  The
suspected sexaroid claimed a flying woman in a kimono with a glowing sword
had captured her.  The investigation remains in progress.  The origin of
the sexaroid, long banned in Japan, remains unknown." The newsman
paused and shuffled some papers on his desk.

       The anchorwoman next to him cut in, "Looks like the Knight Sabres
may have some competition, eh?"

       He nodded.  "Later tonight, our color commentator, Akiya Toshio
will be commenting on whether it would be more cost effective to fire the
entire ADPolice and put the Knight Sabres on permanent government
retainer.  This could complicate his analysis, though."

       Leon said, "HEY!"

       Priss laughed.  Nene said, "Stupid news people don't know what
they're talking about."

       Ryu said, "A woman in a kimono?  With a glowing sword?"  His voice
sounded a little strange, but no one noticed.

       Priss said, "Maybe it's 'Angelfire, Queen of the Faeries'.  Could
be that animated show is really a documentary."  She laughed.  

       The waitress brought their food, and for a few minutes they were
all preoccupied with getting their food to the right places.  Leon then
said, "Wait...a woman in a kimono...Maybe it's her."

       "Her?"  Ryu asked.

       "We had an incident back in March with some boomer or...something
in a kimono that flew and had a lot of other boomers out to kill it.
Looked female."

        Priss blinked.  "Oh yeah.  That new mall got trashed, right?"

        Nene nodded.  "I was on duty during that.  I remember.  We were
all wondering if you guys were pulling our legs."

        "So when's your next concert, Priss?"  Ryu asked.  "My sister is a
big fan of yours, and she keeps telling me I HAVE to go to your next gig.
She won't say WHY, though."

        Priss laughed.  "Well, we finally are going to have a REAL
concert.  A new friend of mine helped me land a decent record contract.
She's going to be opening for us at the concert.  She's got a lot of
enthusiasm, though I had to help her a lot with her wardrobe."

        Nene said, "You're going to get us all tickets, right?"

        Priss said, "Depends on if Leon pays for my meal or not."  She
winked at Nene.

       Leon said, "Well, that depends on if you promise to not slap me
goodnight."

       Priss laughed.  "I think I can agree to that...as long as you don't
deserve it."

     Nene laughed.  "Better get the painkillers then, Leon."

     "HEY!  I'm not that bad!"

     A good time was had by all, but for Leon, the teasing was only
beginning.

***************************************************************************
          
     Back across the room, the discussion was continuing.  "What other
major sources do we have for knowlege on this situation?"  Professor
Hiyama asked.

      "Well, we have memoirs by three other members of the SV2, Shinohara,
Ohta, and for those who can read English, Kanuka Clancy's book, 'In the
Shadow of Babylon:  the Millenial Crisis of Tokyo'.  Also, there are vast
quantities of newspapers, video footage, and several standard histories,"
Manami said.

      "Or you could ask someone who was there,"  the new waitress said.
"Like me."

      Everyone turned and looked.  The waitress was a middle aged, short
woman, whose reddish hair was starting to grey.  She was dressed like all
the other waitresses, but her name tag read, "Commander Izumi Noa
<Manager>".  She also had officer's bars on the shoulders of her uniform.
She smiled.  "One of the waitresses told me you were discussing our many
'mighty deeds'."

       Professor Hiyama smiled.  "Something like that. I'm especially
curious as to your perspective on the resignation of Chief Goto in 2028.
Your husband's memoir only goes up to 2026."

       The students sat back, a little bit in awe.  For close to thirty
years, the Special Vehicle Units had been some of the great heroes of
Japan.  Also the great scapegoats, but the bad had been forgotten faster
than the good, for once.  There was even an animated show in the late
2020s about them, which had helped to preserve their memory.  Of course,
the real SV2 had never fought aliens and giant monsters, but then, art
doesn't always imitate life.  

      "Well, that's because we retired after my husband's father died in
the Kanto Quake in 2025.  He took over Shinohara Industries, and I helped
test Mechs for him and ran this place."

      One of the students, Karin Aoi, asked, "Is that really an Ingram
over there?"

      Noa got a very happy look on her face.  "That's not just an Ingram.
That's THE Ingram.  My very own, Alphonse. "

      "I guess you don't need a bouncer, eh?"  One of the students asked.

      "Alphonse and I can handle things pretty well.  He's probably the
last fully functional Ingram made before 2015 or so, and probably the
only functional one in Japan that's not on its way out of the country.  I
could hop in Alphonse and go level a few city blocks right now if I wanted
to.  Getting back to your question, Professsor, Asuma-kun didn't handle
the resignation in his book, because that happened after we both left the
Special Vehicles Command.  However..."  She paused and looked around.  "He
was forced out.  He was too effective.  The ADPolice is nothing but a
figurehead organization to keep the taxpayers from going on a rampage.  As
long as this city needs Genom to live, the ADPolice will never be allowed
to be effective."

      "So you agree with the chief's thesis in his book that GENOM is
deliberately unleashing boomers on the city?"  Professor Hiyama asked.

      "I find it a little too coincidental that a rampaging boomer just
happened to go crashing through his neighborhood three days after the book
was published."

       "Well, Genom did fire twelve executives in connection with that
incident, the so-called 'Easter Massacre'."  Jonathon pointed out.

       Noa pulled up a chair and sat down.  "Really, though, this wasn't
much different from the sort of stuff that SCHAFT and US Robots pulled
all the time back in the 2000s and 2010s.  We've just exchanged one set of
troublemakers for another.  Certainly politics got in our way enough
times.  Let me tell you about the Griffon..."

*************************************************************************

     After the newscast, the TV clicked off and the radio came back on,
now tuned to 98.9 FM, playing the best oldies of the 1980s, 1990s, and
2000s.  "This day in Music:  June 12, 1995, the band 'Hearts of Fire' has
its first hit single released, 'Red Hat Day'.  This band went on to have
over 20 hits before breaking up in 2001 after a murder attempt was made,
also on this date, on the lead singer, Ayukawa Madoka.  The would-be
killer was never caught, and Ayukawa vanished from the public eye with her
husband, noted photographer, Kasuga Kyosuke.  Here's a block of some of
their hit singles, starting with, 'Red Hat Day'."

      Nene, Leon, Priss, and Ryu were in the middle of dessert when this
came on.  Nene said, "Oh, I love this song!  It's so romantic!"

      Ryu looked over at the dance floor, which had some couples on it.
"Shall we?"

      "Let's!"  Nene said, grabbing Ryu by the hand and dragging him over
as the music began.  

      Leon looked over at Priss and was surprised to see she had a sudden
melancholy look.

      The music began to play, "It was a bright April day, 
                                the day I first saw you.
                                I walked alone with my red hat on
                                towards the stairs I always used."

      "Is something wrong, Priss?"  Leon asked, his usual brashness
softening a little. For a few seconds, Leon thought Priss was going to
cry.  He could see her shake faintly.  

      She looked over at Leon, and for a moment, she was lost in
memories...


<    There had been an earthquake a little while earlier.  Priscilla
Samantha Asagiri had never experienced one before.  She hoped no one had
gotten hurt.  She tried calling some people, but the phone lines were
dead, so she turned on the CD player to listen to some music and wait for
her parents to get home. 

    She had grown up on a steady diet of music from her parent's
childhood, though this incorporated a wide range of stuff.  Her father,
Ryo Asagiri, tended to listen to old pop and classical music, while her
mother prefered rowdier stuff.  Priscilla wasn't sure which she
preferred yet.  She sat back on her bed and put on the red hat her mother
had bought her at the store the day before, and started singing along.>

       "Red hat day, blowing in the wind
        Wind carried it away
        Red hat day, blowing in the wind
        Wind carried me to you."

<     Priscilla smiled and sang along.  I'm gonna be a famous idol singer
one day, just like Ayukawa Madoka and Pearl and Debbie Gibson!  She
grabbed a pen off her desk to use as a microphone.>

    "Priss, what's wrong?"  Leon asked.  He had almost never seen her like
this.  Usually she ran away first.  

       "I always walked alone
        I thought I needed no one
        Then you walked up the steps
        and into my heart."

<    Priscilla smiled.  One day, I'll have a big handsome husband who will
love me and stay with me forever.  She looked up at the big picture of
'Nick Hatchett, Heroic Robot Fighter!'.  We'll have wonderful adventures
together, just like Nick Hatchett does!  I bet I'd make a great robot
fighter! >

      Priss tried to fight off the memories.  This is a happy song, it
shouldn't make me sad, dammit!  I want to have fun tonight and I DON'T
want to let people see me cry.


       "Red hat day, blowing in the wind
        Wind carried it away
        Red hat day, blowing in the wind
        Wind carried me to you."

<     The doorbell rang.  Priscilla got up and ran to the door.  Maybe
Dad's home, she thought!  I'm so glad they let me stay here by myself
without a babysitter tonight!  I feel so grown up!>

       Leon reached over very, very slowly to take Priss's hand.  She
yanked it away.  He sighed.  "Say something, Priss.  Go ahead and hit me
if it helps."

       "I ran from you at first
        I tried to make you go away
        But the harder I shoved
        The more determined you became"

<       She ran through the house, finally reaching the front door.  A
really big, unhappy looking man in a big blue uniform was standing there.
He looked down.  "Are you Priscilla Samantha Asagiri?"  >

      Priss looked up at Leon, staring into her eyes, her own eyes red
from the effort of holding back tears, of fighting off the memory of that
awful day.  He smiled at her, not his usual confident 'I am so cool'
smile, but a quiet one.  "Uh...sorry about that," he said.  "I
just...thought it might help.  Okay, stupid idea."

       "Red hat day, blowing in the wind
        Wind carried it away
        Red hat day, blowing in the wind
        Wind carried me to you."

<       She nodded.  "Yes sir, Mr. Officer.  Can I help you?"  Priscilla
knew you should be be respectful and polite to police officers, because
they worked hard for very little pay.  Her daddy had told her so.  >

     "You never give up, do you,"  she said.  It was not a question.  

     "Not when I see someone I ...care about in pain."  He flinched
slightly at his own statement.

      So did she.

       "I will follow my hat
        For it knew my heart
        I will follow my heart
        For it leads me to you."

<      "I'm afraid I have some bad news for you, Priscilla,"  The
officer began. He winced, thinking about the death of the poor child's
parents, which he had witnessed during the quake only hours before.  The
song ended and her world shattered in pieces at the same time. >

     Priss banished the memory and really looked at Leon.  She didn't do
this often.  Too often, too easily, she didn't see Leon. Sometimes, she
saw a cop.  She didn't like cops.  More often, she saw a man with a big
ego and a grin to match who thought he was God's gift to women.  

      For just a moment, she could see him as he really was.  She faced
the truth she had hidden from for so long.  It started to hide itself
again immediately.  She still wasn't ready to face it, to face him, more
importantly to face herself, but it was a step.  "It brought back some old
memories that didn't need to be brought back."  She got up.  "Come on.
Let's dance.  Let's show these people how it's done!"  

      Leon got up and laughed, his normal mask dropping back into place.
He smiled.  "Time to rock and roll, eh?"

      They walked to the dance floor, neither of them quite realizing they
were holding hands.

****************************************************************************

     Later, Priss and Nene were sitting at the table sipping drinks while
the two men-folk were both in the bathroom.  "I'm surprised Celia hasn't
paged you yet to bug you about that boomer case,"  Priss said to Nene.

     Nene laughed.  "I'm not carrying my pager.  I wanted to try and get
through one date without being interrupted."

      Priss laughed.  "Neither am I, but I didn't think you had it in
you."

      Nene smiled impishly.  "You and Leon were dancing pretty closely a
minute ago."

      Priss said, "Not as close as you and Ryu.  I never thought I'd see
you dating a guy with bigger hair than yours."

      Nene said, "Hey, I like his hair!"  Well, I've gotten used to it,
anyway, but I have to stand up for my boyfriend.

      Priss laughed, glad the subject of her and Leon had now been safely
deflected.  "I'm surprised you didn't ask Linna to come too.  She's been
wanting us to meet her new boyfriend for a while now."

      "That's because he dumped her last night.  She's off getting drunk,
I think."

      Priss frowned.  "Yeesh, she goes through boyfriends the way some
people go through tissue paper."

      Nene nodded.  "Luckily, she's got Andrea with her right now.
They've gotten to be pretty friendly since I introduced them to each
other.  Andrea said she'd try and keep Linna from doing anything too
stupid."

      At that moment, the menfolk announced their presence as Leon said,
"That Andrea Loughlin you're talking about?"

      Nene nodded.  "Yeah.  She's a cop from New York who..."

      Leon nodded.  "I'd almost think Lt. Yamano was in love with her or
something the way she keeps telling everyone she can find how glad she is
that Loughlin got sent to HER department first.  I heard about the
shooting range incident too."

       Nene nodded.  "She's so good at everything I can hardly BELIEVE it.
And she's really nice too.  It's kinda scary."

       Priss said, "Sounds like the ADPolice should fire half their staff
and just hire her then, eh?"

       Ryu laughed.  Nene frowned.  Leon said, "Well, why don't you come
downtown and show us how it's done, Officer Asagiri?"

       Priss laughed.  "I think I'd rather dance some more.  Come on,
Officer McNichol."  She grabbed Leon and dragged him over to the dance
floor again.

       Ryu said, "They're such a cute couple.  How long have they been
doing this?"

       Nene laughed.  "About two years, but they're starting to get closer
now, I think.  Priss used to be a very angry person...she still is, but
not as much as she used to be."

       "How did you meet a rock star, anyway?"  Ryu asked, sitting down.

       Nene panicked, not having a good cover story and began babbling
maniacally.

****************************************************************************

     Leon and Priss stood outside the door of Priss' trailer, at that
awkward stage when you don't want to leave each other's presence, but
can't find more excuses to not do so.  Leon said, "Well, I had fun."
Inside, he hit himself for using one of the five lamest sentences in the
universe.

      Priss smiled in a rather uncharacteristic way.  "Me too.  I almost
died of a sugar overdose from watching Nene and her boyfriend a few times,
but..."

      Leon laughed.  "She's still young and cheery, unlike us grumpy old
codgers, eh?"

      Priss laughed, surprising herself.  "You want to.."  She began.  The
phone rang.

      She swore mentally.  So did he.  "Uh, I have to answer the phone.
See ya later, okay?"

      He nodded, keeping his sighing to himself.  "Maybe next Friday we
can all go see Mystery Boomer Theatre 2034, eh?"

      She laughed.  "What, you want to go watch them make fun of your own
job?"

      The phone rang again.  "Sounds good to me,"  Priss said.  "Bye,
Leon."

      He just watched her trailer for a moment, then walked away.  She
picked up the phone, "Yo, this is Priss."  At this point she noticed her
answering machine indicated ten messages.

      "Where have you BEEN?"  Celia asked, a note of rising irritation in
her voice.

      "Hey, I told you I was going on a date.  It's not like we had any
work lined up."

       Celia sighed.  "Go pick up Linna and get her over here.  Nene
thinks she went down to One Eyed Toad."

       Priss blinked.  "What the hell would Linna be doing in a COP BAR?"

      "Apparently she's out with Nene's friend, the cop from New York."
Celia's voice sounded a bit funny.

      "Why do you need us, anyway?"

      "Rampaging Boomer in Moon Hill Acres."

      "What, that new family housing development?"  

      "Get a move on.  We're probably already too late."

      They got a move on.

****************************************************************************

      Priss cursed as she raced across town.  Linna had NOT been in that
damn cop bar, nor did anyone remember seeing anyone who matched her
description.  Damnit, Linna, you picked the wrong night to get drunk, she
thought, ignoring times she had done the same.  She could hear the
explosions in the distance.  Some of the houses were burning.  Sirens
echoed through the explosions and screams.  She began searching for the
Silky Doll van.  

      She didn't find the van.  She did find Celia and Nene.  They were
fighting a 34-B Urban combat boomer with flamethrower accessory, only
$249,000 at your local Boomer-Mart.  There was a flaming ADPolice combat
vehicle which used to have ADPolice in it and now had some crispy corpses.
She roared over into an alley to get out of the direct line of fire, then
stuck her head out, trying to figure out where Macky had hidden the van.  

      The fight wasn't going well.  Nene was spending most of her time
dodging heavy arms fire from the boomer and trying to minimize the fires
it kept setting in various houses, while Celia was unsucessfully trying to
either get its attention or close with it, and succeeding in neither.  

      The boomer chose this moment to spot Priss.  It dived and charged
down towards her, guns a-blazing.  She swore and hopped back on her cycle,
accelerating as fast as she could...into a dead end.  She swore, and spun
the bike around, hoping to somehow race under the boomer.  It levelled its
guns and would have smiled, if it could.

      Priss shouted, "Fuck you!" and hurled her knife at it.  Maybe it'll
do something stupid long enough for Celia and Nene to get into this DAMN
ALLEY.  The boomer caught the knife.  She swore.  It tried to laugh, but
its voice synthesizer wasn't very good, and it sounded like it was
gargling.  It tossed the knife back at her.  She moved to dodge, knowing
it was too late, and that at best she'd be badly injured.   

      Suddenly, a streak of blue came down from the sky, striking the
knife and shattering it to bits.  Priss could see Celia and Nene behind
the boomer, now, but they hadn't done that.  It came from above.  The
streak pinned itself into the concrete, a blue sword made of light, which
then dissolved away into nothingness. For a moment, everything was
absolutely silent, then four heads, three human, one boomer, snapped up in
unison.  

      A woman stood on the edge of the rooftop above. It was a woman in an
ornate, multi-colored kimono of blue, yellow, and green.  It was tied
around the waist with a green belt that formed a huge bow in the back.
Creepily, the bow did not move at all in the wind, being perfectly stiff.
Her hair was black with long grey streaks, tied back in a pony-tail that
ran down to her mid-back and her face was covered with black wedges along
her cheeks, giving her a look that vaguely reminded one of a racoon.  

      Her face was cold with anger.  For a moment, she intensely reminded
Priss of Celia.  "Foul abomination.  Destroyer of the innocent, foe of all
that is good.  Die."  She hurled her sword at the boomer, which opened
fire on her, only to have the bullets bounce off a glowing field of blue
energy which flared in front of her in a semi-circle.  The blade pierced
the boomer through what would have been its heart, if it had one.  Celia
leaped forward onto its shoulders and drove her wrist knife into the
creature.  The boomer collapsed, and died, if a robot can be said to die.
Nene was just staring up at the woman.

      Priss shouted up at the woman, "Who are you?"

      The woman reached within her voluminous kimono and tossed down a
card by the dead boomer.  It was a tarot card, the Queen of Swords.
"Until I finish what I intend to do, I have no name."  She turned to Celia
and Nene.  "Heroines of the city, I salute you.  Until we meet again."  
She began to rise into the sky.

      Celia said, "Wait!"

      The woman raced off, accelerating rapidly.  Far off, Priss heard the
sound of sirens.  More ADPolice.  "Where's the van?  Let's get out of
here."

      For a moment, Celia stared off into the sky.  "Let's go, Knight
Sabres."

*****************************************************************************

      They drove by Linna's house and Priss went and banged on the door.
It flew open.  She found Linna inside on the couch.  "Zat you, Andrea?"

      "It's the tooth fairy."  She picked Linna up.  "You need to lose
some weight."

       "Maybe if I throw up again..."  She stunk of alcohol, and was limp
as a rag doll in Priss' arms.  

       Priss hauled her out to the van.  "The tooth fairy doesn't give
quarters for vomit, just teeth.  You're gonna be RICH."

       Linna laughed, "Rich! WOOOO!!!!!  Do I get a cute new boyfriend
too?"

      "I'll let you have Macky,"  Priss said as she got into the back of
the van.

      Nene blinked.  "You'll what?"

      "Let's go,"  Priss said, putting down Linna.  "I'll never call you
fat again, Nene."  She sat down on the bench.  "Where the hell were you,
Linna?"

      Linna laughed.  "The cop club was boring, so we went down to Hot
Legs and picked a fight with some guys."

      Nene blinked.  "You WHAT?"

      "Even drunk, we kicked their asses good!  I even learned a secret!"
Linna crawled over to Nene.  "Wanna know a secret?"

      Nene swore she would never drink again after smelling Linna's
breath.  "What?"

      Linna clambered to where her elbows and head were resting on Nene's
knees.  "Andrea is...Bruce Lee's granddaughter.  Honest."

      Nene began to laugh.  "And I suppose she was raised by Elvis on a
flying saucer?"

      Linna blinked.  "How'd you know that?"  She started to laugh
hysterically.  "I tried to convince her to help me go kick Toshi's butt,
but she said she had to go home and report to the Illuminati, or they'd
take away her Rolls-Royce."  She fell down.

      Now Priss swore off alcohol forever, or at least until she could
forget this.  "Uh huh.  You know, Celia is going to flay you alive when
you sober up."

      Linna said, "I'll just turn into Magical Princess Evangelia and
destroy her with the Ruby Staff!  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!!!!"

      Priss clonked Linna on the head with the leg of Linna's suit.  She
quietly slumped over.  Nene applauded.  "I'm never drinking again," Nene
said.

      "I'm never letting LINNA drink again,"  Priss grumbled.

*************************************************************************

      Nene compared the sound clips for the fifth time.  "Yes, the voice
tags do match."  She paused.  "So who is this on the first tape?"

      Linna was passed out on the floor, while Priss sat and looked
increasingly grumpy, and Macky goofed off, fiddling with the hardsuits.  

      "Are you SURE?"  Celia asked.

      Nene sighed.  "As sure as I can be at 2 am when I really would
rather be asleep than doing something I'm sure YOU could do yourself just
as well.  It's not like I'm the one who BUILT all this equipment,"  she
snapped, then sighed.  "I'm sorry, I'm just tired and..."

      Celia said, "To answer your question, the previous tape was made of
myself, my father, my mother, and my grandmother and grandfather when I
was ten.  You just identified the 'Queen of Swords' voice as that of my
grandmother."

     Nene said, "But how?  Since when did your grandmother fly and..."

     Priss snorted.  "Lemme guess, this is where you tell us about being
an elf, eh?"
   
     Celia said, "I have no idea what is going on, but either someone is
making a remarkable effort with no discernable purpose to make us believe
that is Meylia Stingray, or it IS my grandmother."

     "But why hasn't she contacted us?"  Macky asked.  "It's got to be a
trick."

     "If it's a trick, then why hasn't she contacted us?  Unless someone
has an odd sense of humor, they know who she is if they've bothered to
copy her."

     Linna laughed in her sleep for no apparent reason.  Celia sighed.
"If only someone would invent a good way to get alcohol out of someone's
system."

     Priss yawned.  "Can we discuss this tomorrow?  I've had enough of
fairy princesses and drunks for one night."

     Celia nodded.  "I'll chew out Linna in the morning.  Macky, take them
home."

     He did.

***************************************************************************

     Nene sat half dead at her desk.  She yawned, listening to various
radio broadcasts droning on the ADPolice band.  She could hear someone
saying over and over, "Car 54, where are you?"  Her head started slowly to
dip towards her desk.  Then she felt an icy hand on her neck and jumped.

     Andrea smiled.  "You look like something the cat dragged in.  Did
your man keep you up late last night?"

     "A friend needed my help...kept me up til 2 am.  I feel awful."

     Andrea nodded.  "I don't feel too great either.  Linna and I got
rather thoroughly smashed."

     Nene stared through fuzzy vision at Andrea.  She didn't look
hungover.  "Yeah, she was telling me you..."  She dropped the level of her
voice, "Went to Hot Legs and kicked someone's butt."

     Andrea laughed and pulled back her sleeve.  She had a bruise on her
upper arm.  "One of them got me, but I tossed him down the length of the
bar.  Don't tell Lt. Yamano.  She'd freak."

     "How many people were there?"

     "Well, we only fought around ten or so."  Andrea looked around.  "I'd
better get to my post.  Talk to you later!"  She went over to her
position, seconds before Yamano emerged from her office and gave
everyone the official Terminator glare.  

      Yamano smiled.  "I think you all could do with a little waking up!
Let's have some PUSHUPS!"
 
      Nene groaned.  I'm in hell...

****************************************************************************


April 4, 2018
Mega-Tokyo

     Priscilla hid inside the big tube that formed an important part of
the playground set at the 'David Tai Memorial Park'.  She'll never find me
here, she thought, giggling at how well she was hidden.  Maggie never
remembers to look inside the tubes.  She could hear Maggie running around
looking for her.  Priscilla liked hide and go seek.  She was really good
at it.  Well, the hiding part.  

     Maggie's footsteps went round and round the tubes, getting louder and
softer as she moved closer or farther away.  Priss tried to breathe as
quietly as she could, but her breath echoed in her hearing like the sound
of machinegun fire.  

     Suddenly, the footsteps went silent.  Priscilla blinked.  Maggie must
be trying to lure me out into the open, she thought.  I'll just wait a
little longer, then look.

     More silence.  Priscilla crept over to the end of the tube and peeked
out.  She couldn't see Maggie, but she could only see half the park from
here.  Suddenly, she heard movement above her.  Maggie was on TOP of the
tube.  Maggie laughed.  "There you are!"  She was shorter than Priscilla 
with long blue hair tied into two long pony-tails, one on either side of
her head.  She was wearing a green shirt and blue jeans.  Priscilla ran
for the 'home' tree desperately.  Maggie was right behind her, but slowly
fell behind as she ran.  She leaped at Priscilla's feet, and missed.  

      Priscilla tagged the tree and clung to it.  "I made it! I'm home
free!"

      Maggie laughed.  "You're so good at this, Prissie!"

      "Don't call me Prissie!  My name is Priscilla!"  Priscilla really
hated being called Prissie.  "And I'm gonna be famous one day!"

      "Are you still going to marry Nick Hatchett, Robot Fighter?"

      "I'll get him away from Leslie somehow!"

      They both laughed.  Maggie looked at her watch.  "I have to run.
Big sister is expecting me home soon."

      Priscilla said, "Oh, but my parents are about to get here and you
haven't met them yet!  Can't you stay a little while longer?"

      Maggie sighed.  "I'm sorry.  Gotta go!  Bye!"  She ran off down the
street.  Priscilla went to go play on the monkey bars.  A minute later,
her father walked up.  "Hiya, tiger."

      She ran over and hugged her daddy.  "Hi!  You just missed Maggie
again!"

      He smiled.  "I'm sure I'll meet her some day.  Time for you to come
home and eat dinner."  He picked up his daughter.  I had an imaginary
friend too at your age, he thought.  

      Priscilla smiled and was happy to be carried, safe in her daddy's
arms.  "She was just here a minute ago!"

      "I'm sure she was dear."  He hadn't been sure if this girl was real
before, but he had just watched Priscilla for the last ten minutes as she
was pretending to play tag with someone who either didn't exist or was
invisible to human sight.  He chose to believe the former.

***************************************************************************


















Somewhere around 23,000 BC or so.  

      The hooded woman took the baby in her arms.  To most people, it
would have seemed a baby like many others.  The little girl had no hair
yet, her eyes were squeezed shut, and she bore almost as much resemblence
to a prune as a human being, just like every other newly born baby.  

      The mother sighed.  She was tall, thin, and platinum blonde, her
hair currently undressed in any of the elaborate hairstyles she normally
adorned herself with.  She wore a simple white shift, also unlike the
palatial dresses she normally bore.  "Must you do this?"

      The woman picked up her staff, a long rod topped with an orb.
"If I do not, in 25,000 years, humanity will become extinct in the solar
system.  This one alone cannot prevent what is soon to come here,
but where she is going, she will make all the difference in the world.
She is a warrior born, and she goes to a place that needs warriors
desperately."  The woman sighed.  "I am sorry, my queen.  Cherish your
first daughter.  I swear I shall never take her away from you."  

      The Queen sighed.  "I know you know things I shall never know.
She..She'll have a good home, won't she?"

      "She will live a long life and know much joy."  And much sorrow, but
this is not the time to mention that, the hooded woman thought.  She
pulled her cloak around herself.  She didn't need it, but the baby would.
"There is one who waits for her there, though he knows it not.  She will
know love...once she escapes her own stubborness about it."

      The Queen got up and kissed her baby on the forehead.  "Take my
blessing with you, my child."  The mark upon the Queen's forehead glowed
brightly.  "Your power will awaken when you most need it."  She laid back
down in the bed.  "Go now, before I can change my mind."

      The woman obeyed her Queen's command.  She raised her staff, and the
world folded around her and vanished.  She walked through mists briefly,
then they parted and she stood in an office.  She wrapped the baby in the
cloak, and raised her staff.  The cloak became a blanket, her own garb
became a conservative suit, dark green in color.  She sat down at the
desk, and looked at the set of completed adoption papers on the desk.  
Yes, this will work nicely, she thought.  Be brave, little one...

**************************************************************************

Chapter 3:  The Curtain Rises

**************************************************************************

July 2, 2034

     Ryu parked his car in the parking garage of Nene's apartment complex.
It was an old clunker, a 2025 Mitsuru Special, the Pinto of the 2020s. 
They walked quietly into the building, holding hands. "I'm sorry I didn't
have enough money for us to go anywhere special,"  he said.

     She smiled.  "That's okay.  We can just watch some of the stuff I
taped this week and talk."  And maybe a few other things too.  She blushed
at the thought.  

     Soon, they reached Nene's apartment.  Nene got the tapes set up, then
plopped down on the couch with Ryu.  They snuggled up to each other.
"What's first on our list of fine entertainment?"

     "Magical Princess Evangelia, I think."  The familiar theme song began
to play, 'Midnight Scrambler'.  Nene sang along, while Ryu just hummed.
Nene had to tape this show every week, since she was usually at work when
it came on.  

     They watched the antics at Neo-Gemstone-Tokyo palace as Princess
Rei's rival, Princess Asuka, tried to wiggle Lord Shinji into going out on
a date with her when all three of them were supposed to be studying for a
history test instead.  

     Ryu laughed.  "Reminds me of my mom."  He began playing with Nene's
hair.  "Though her hair is a lot more like yours than mom's."

     Nene laughed.  "Well, her voice actress is old enough to almost BE
your mother, I think.  Sailor V ran in the early nineties, I think...She
must be in her fifties or sixties by now...sure doesn't look it.  Oh
wait, I'm getting confused...Rei has the really old seiyuu.  Asuka's
seiyuu is only a little older than me.  And Shinji's seiyuu is actually
married to Rei's, I think." She leaned her head over on Ryu's shoulder.
"I'm soooo tired.  Lt. Yamano is running us ragged."

     "I bet working out with me doesn't help either."

     She laughed.  "Working out with you is fun.  And I get to see you
with your shirt off."

     He laughed.  "Is that a hint?"

     Nene blushed.  She was the oldest virgin she knew.  She had come
PRETTY close to it a few times, but none of her past relationships had
lasted long enough, except one in junior high, but neither of them had
been ready for sex, really, at that point.  She had been dating Ryu since
late March.  Most people she knew would have had sex by this point, but
she wasn't most people.  She knew Ryu wanted it, but he was enough of a
gentleman not to push too hard.  She wanted her first time to be special.
She was gradually coming to the conclusion that Ryu was the one she wanted
it to be with, but she wasn't quite sure.  "I..uh..."

     Ryu gently kissed her.  "Just joking, dear."  He had hoped she was
serious.  He didn't want to push too hard...that had killed off too many
of his past relationships, but he was pretty sure by now that he really
did love Nene-chan.  Of course, he'd thought that about a lot of other
girls too, but this time was different.  Nene hadn't run away screaming
for one thing.  I never, NEVER should have taken ANY of Mom's advice, he
thought.  Not that his step-mother had been much help either.  Ryu didn't
WANT an arranged marriage, and all the girls she had tried to introduce
him to had been far too formal and snobby for him.  

     After the first episode was over, the tape segued into the next show
Nene had taped, a romantic comedy named Mayonaise Boy.  It had some kind
of plot, but Ryu and Nene usually made out while watching it, so they
really didn't have much of an idea of what it was about.  This week wasn't
any different.  As soon as they heard the opening sequence.  "You know,
Puu, you are like a jar of Mayonaise, full of white creamy stuff that no
one really knows what the ingredients for it are, but you put it on your
sandwich anyway," they turned off their ears, and started smooching.

      They almost didn't notice when it finally came to an end.  Nene got
up to get another soda to drink while watching the next show, "You want
one, Ryu-chan?"

     "Sure.  Get me a Dr. Pepper."  She did so and sat back down next to
him.  They chatted and snuggled and watched Anime until about 3 am, when
he finally went home.  Little did he realize he would have cause to
regret this...

**************************************************************************


     Priss woke up in a pool of sweat from the fifth weird dream of the
night.  First she'd dreamed about being married to Leon.  Unbelievable,
but not as bad as the other dreams, though a few months ago, she might
have thought otherwise.  Then she'd dreamed about the encounter in the
alleyway, only this time, there wasn't an energy sword to save her.  The
knife had pierced her heart.  She'd looked up, and it was Celia twisting
the knife.  She hadn't slept for an hour after that one.  Then she'd
dreamed of stalking Quincy through Genom Tower.  She killed him again and
again and again, and every time, he just laughed, and it was a boomer.  

      That wouldn't hadn't been too hard to sleep through, but then she
dreamed about Linna throwing up in her trailer.  That woke her up and left
her disgusted.  Finally, as Mr. Sun started to drop in for the morning,
she fought her way back to sleep, only to dream again.

      Priss was somewhere in Genom Tower.  Where, she didn't know.  She
was in her hardsuit, looking for something.  What am I after?  Quincy,
maybe?  No, that would be a waste of time.  The dream was incredibly real,
yet at the same time she knew she was dreaming.  She came to a door.
'Boomer Morgue'.  She opened the door, for lack of a better idea.  Inside,
two female techs were hard at work.  One of them looked like a female
version of Nene's boyfriend, with red hair. The second was short and young
looking, despite her mature figure, with short green hair.  Both were
dressed in lab-coats, and hunched over some sexaroid on a table they were
busilly operating on.  

      Priss moved a little closer, wondering why they didn't notice her.
Something familiar about that second tech, she thought.  

      The first tech, slightly deranged looking, ran over to a massive
lever on the wall, while the second tech put on welder's goggles.  The
first one shouted in a loud, yet childish voice, "It's ALIVE!!!!!"

      The second one said, "Not until you pull the lever, mama-san."

      "What?  Oh yes."  The first tech pulled the lever.  Priss simply
watched, CERTAIN this was a dream.  She had a dim memory of some movie she
had seen that was like this.

      A massive jolt of electricity shot down from a crystal rod over the
table.  The body jolted and sat up.  As the sheet fell away from the body,
Priss recognized her.  Sylvie.  She turned to the red-haired woman.
"Thank you, mama-san!"  The woman hugged Sylvie.  "You deserved another
chance."

      Priss stared, unable to move.  Sylvie...alive?  No, it was
impossible.  It had to be a dream.

      Sylvie hugged the second woman.  "Sister!"

      The woman took off her goggles.  Priss recognized her as Anri, now.
Priss stepped forward.  It has to be a dream...so I can do whatever I
want.  "Sy..Sylvie?"

      Sylvie stared at Priss for a moment, and to Priss' surprise, her
hardsuit melted away, leaving her in only her jumpsuit.  Sylvie leaped off
the bed and ran over to her and hugged her.  "You're alive, you're alive,
you're alive..."  Sylvie repeated like a mantra.

      Priss said, "And so are you."  It has to be a dream, but I don't
care.  She looked at the red-haired woman.  "Who...are you?"

      The woman laughed.  "I'm the greatest genius that ever was!  I can
fix anything!  I think I'll fix you next!"

      Suddenly, Anri and Sylvie grabbed Priss and hauled her to the table.
"Soon you'll be a magical princess just like us!"

      The last thing Priss saw before she awoke was the crystal rod
beginning to glow.  She awoke, on the verge of screaming.

      "That was the most fucked up dream I've had in months," she muttered
to herself.  "Mad scientists bringing Anri and Sylvie back to life...I
wish."  She sighed and dragged herself out of bed.  Time for band
practice.  Our big day is coming up.  

**************************************************************************

      Ryu rolled down the windows on Manami's car, and turned the radio
down to where he was only going half-deaf.  "Where are we going, anyway?"

      His sister had dragged him out of bed without telling him what was
going on, just that it was 'critically important' that he come.  Now he
had to listen to her goofy hard rock music collection while sleepy.  This
was...a BAD thing.  'I'm your ANGEL OF DEATH, baby!' some woman shouted on
the tape.  'I'm going to bring you....dooooowwwwnnnnn!'  Oh god, what if
she's dragging me to some concert?  

      "You get to see me warm up for my first big performance."  She
smiled.  This is going to be so cool, she thought.  I hope Ryu likes the
song I wrote about him.

       Ryu felt true, abject terror.  "You...you're going to sing."  He
stared at the tape player.  "Something like that."

       "Yeah!"

       "Your mother will have you crucified."

       "And yours will get me back down from it.  Our mothers fight all
the time anyway.  Besides, unless you tell them, how will they know?  I'm
going to be in disguise.  Only you will know who I really am."  She smiled
at Ryu.  

      He recognized that smile.  His mother got it right before she did
something really stupid.  Maybe I can run away and join the Foreign
Legion, he thought.  She might not find me there.  "Would it be rude if I
shot out my eardrums?"

      "RYU!!!!!!!!!!!!"  Every driver on the highway for a half mile heard
that.

****************************************************************************

     Naoko walked over to Nene.  Things were going slowly at ADPolice HQ,
and everyone was afraid Lt. Yamano would decide this was the ideal time
for a quick jog to the top of the building or something.  Naoko sat down
and sighed.  "My stupid face chose right now to develop a pimple, the day
before I have a hot date!"

      Nene smiled.  "I have just the stuff.  Ever wondered why my face has
a perfect complexion?  It's because of this."  She got out a small bottle
and a cotton swab.  The bottle was half full of a greenish liquid, which
she daubed onto the swab, then began brushing it across Naoko's face.
Naoko felt a strange, pleasant tingling feeling as Nene gently spread the
liquid across her face, then brushed over the area with a fresh, dry swab.  

      "There you go, my family's special herbal facial cleanser.  Kills
Pimples Dead.  Better than Clearasil and half the cost."

      "It'll work by tommorrow night?"

      "It's already done."

      Naoko blinked and got out her compact.  She took a look at her face.
The pimple was gone. "I...WOW!"

      "My family has used this stuff for generations.  I've got the
recipie somewhere in my apartment, if you want it."

      "Trading makeup tips, eh, officers?"  It was Lt. Yamano.  "Why
don't you continue your chat while you're running to the top floor up the
stairs and calling me from the top floor?"

      They both sighed.  "Yes, sir."  They took her advice.

***************************************************************************

     Manami roared into the parking lot and slid her car into a parking
space.  The Takeuchi Arena was pretty small, but it would seat a few
thousand.  Ryu wouldn't admit it, but he WAS impressed.  Too bad there was
no way they could ever let the parents know about this.  Dad wouldn't
mind, and my mom wouldn't mind, but hers would FREAK.  

     He could feel the bass coming through the walls of the arena as they
got closer.  Manami was carrying a huge carry bag full of stuff and had
Ryu carrying a box.  They entered through the stage door and headed into a
tiny little cramped dressing room with the word, 'Sonic and the Royal
Family' on the door.  Ryu blinked.  "..."

     She laughed.  "I made sure my stage name wasn't recognizable, just in
case we get in the news or something."

     Inside the room were several of Manami's friends from school, all of
them music majors.  They waved.  "Hey, Ryu, your sister recruited you to
join the band, eh?"

     Ryu laughed.  "Thanks, I think I'd like to KEEP my eardrums.  I
thought music majors weren't supposed to be tone deaf."

     Daisuke stuck his tongue out at Ryu.  Meanwhile, Manami got a bunch
of stuff out of the bag, picked up the box, and stepped out.  "Hey, where
are you going?"

     She said, "I can't change in a room full of men."

     Yuka said, "Since when was I MALE?"

     "Well, the rest are men.  I'll be right back."  She bowed and left.  

     Ryu said, "How on Earth did you manage to get set up to play here?"

     Yuka said, "Manami helped a friend of hers land a record contract, so
we'll be opening for them.  You know who Priss and the Replicants are,
right?"

     Ryu nodded.  "I met Nene at one of her concerts.  We've met."

     "Cool.  She rocks!"

     The door opened and Priss walked in.  "You guys ready?"

     Yuka, a tall girl with dyed blue hair, put down her guitar and said,
"Manami's suiting up."

     Priss was dressed in her stage outfit, blonde wig and leather outfit
and all.  She looked at Ryu.  "Yo, Ryu, cruising for babes again?"

     Ryu laughed.  "Kidnapped at gunpoint is more like it."  He looked up
and down at Priss.  "You know, I think my Mom would probably wear
something like that around the house if she ever saw an outfit like that."

     Priss laughed.  "I have to meet her some day, then.  She's got hair
like yours too, right?"

     Ryu nodded.  "Actually, you kinda remind me of her a lot."

     The door opened again and someone walked in. She had green spikey
hair, and was wearing a tight fitting red jumpsuit that was unzipped part
way down her front, showing off some of her cleavage.  Her eyes were green
in hue as well, though a very dark green.  Something seemed a little odd
about them.  "Well, do I look like your mom, Ryu?"  It was Manami. 

      Ryu nearly fainted.  She's not on drugs, is she?  He took a look at
the hair.  "Is that a wig or did you..."

      Manami smiled.  "You can do amazing stuff with foam and rubber
cement and stuff.  It's hollow so I could put my hair up in it." She spun
around.  "Think there's any danger of the folks seeing me now?"

     Ryu said, "I'm impressed.  I wouldn't have bet a halfpenny that you
would WEAR something like that."

      Manami blushed.  "Well, it is genre."

      Priss laughed.  "I wouldn't have guessed either.  Good for you,
girl.  Come on, we have to get set up to run through everything.  Ryu, you
go play audience.  Everyone else, let's get ready to rock."

      They did.

*****************************************************************************

      Celia and Macky parked the Silky Doll Van at a pay lot near the
arena.  "Did we REALLY need to bring the hardsuits, sis?  I'd rather be
inside than out here playing babysitter."

      Celia smiled.  "Then you go inside, and I'll watch through the live
feed.  This is more your thing than mine."

      Macky blinked.  Celia was going to go for that?  No accounting for
taste, he thought.  "I guess this will make a good test for those remote
cameras."

      "I have things I can be doing, anyway.  Enjoy the show."

      Macky ran off to the concert.  Celia turned on the external
cameras, including one linked to the live feed from Macky's collar pin of
a Tokyo Giants Baseball Cap.  She then got out her laptop and called up
some files.  Running the test for the twelfth time, she compared some old
video footage of her grandmother and the Queen of Swords.  For the twelfth
time, they matched up except for the tatoos on the Queen's face.  

      "It can't be,"  she whispered for at least the tenth time.  "This
has to be some kind of trick...but why?  The only way anyone could know to
do this would be if they suspected I was connected to the Knight Sabres.
But what IS she?  She can't be a boomer.  There isn't a boomer in
existence with those kinds of capabilites.  How can she fly without a
jet?"  She stopped talking to herself, and sighed.  I want it to be her,
but I can't trust my feelings.  If it was her, surely she would have come
to us...

      She paused.  If it was a trap, why hadn't she come to us?  It's not
like I'm completely unknown.  Anyone wanting to trap the Sabres without
knowing I was one of them would not choose HER as bait.  And if they
wanted to find me, I'm not THAT invisible to society.  It can't be aimed
at Celia Stingray.  Anyone who could find grandmother could CERTAINLY find
me.  I wouldn't have thought anyone in the world even remembered she
existed.

     An idle thought ran through her mind.  Maybe they used her for
experiments.  NO, I paid good money to keep her in a respectable hospital.
What kind of experiments could enable her to do the things she's done?

     Her thoughts chased each other round and round.  She sighed.
Finally, she decided to just sit back and watch the concert.  She could
see Nene's new boyfriend through the feed from Macky's pin.  His hair
stood out in a crowd, even in a crowd of punks and crazed teenagers and
college students.  Looks like the auditorium is packed, she thought.  I
bet Priss is excited.  To her own surprise, she found she was a little
excited as well.  My friend is hitting the big time.  

      The concept of friend had almost become alien to Sylia for a while
in her life.  She had been a quiet, though happy child when she was
little, but she hadn't had very many close friends.  After her father's
death, she had tried to shut off her emotions.  

      As she had gradually found out, this was impossible.  She had laid
out rules for the Knight Sabres, rules intended to prevent betrayal, rules
intended to keep them dependent on each other and in a sense isolated from
the outside world.  This had an unexpected effect.  They grew to like and
trust each other.  They grew to be friends.  To her surprise, despite her
distaste for the style of music that Priss performed, she was pleased to
see Priss getting a big break.  She was happy to be there, if only at one
end of a camera link.  

     She sat back and listened to the music, wondering briefly if the
woman on stage was related to Ryu or if green spikey hair was in this
year.

*************************************************************************

     Ryu sat with Nene in the audience and twitched.  "Something wrong,
dear?"  Nene asked.  She had FINALLY gotten off work and arrived late at
the concert.  

     Ryu said, "They force me to listen to them practice over and over and
over again...I think I'm going to go deaf.  Plus, I keep expecting my
step-mother to walk in and explode."

     Nene laughed.  "She's pretty strict, eh?"

     "How grandmother ever produced someone as strict as my step-mother, I
don't know.  Grandma is even more warped than my mom is."  He laughed
faintly.  "I'd almost expect THEM to be related.  Well, my sister's
grandmother.  She's only my step-grandmother."

      "So your dad has been married twice?"

      "It's a loooong story.  I'll tell you some other time when I can
hear myself THINK."

      Up on stage, Priss howled about being someone's angel of death.  

      Ryu laughed faintly.  "I think she'd make a good angel of death."

      Nene laughed.  "Her bark is worse than her bite unless you make her
really angry.  She's had a lot harder life than either of us."

      Ryu nodded.  "My mom's like that."

      Nene poked Ryu.  "So when do I get to meet your mom?"

      Ryu laughed.  "I'll see if she can spare time to visit.  I think
she'll like you."  He hugged Nene.  "Just imagine a cross between me and
Priss."

      Nene said, "Thanks, I'll pass."

      They both laughed.  

**************************************************************************

      They had a massive party at Spaghetti Palace afterwards.  Hardly the
height of class and taste, but most of the concert participants weren't
exactly rolling in dough, yet anyway.  They took up about five tables,
between Manami's friends, her band, Priss' band, and Priss' friends.  Ryu
found himself at a table with Priss, Macky, Celia, Nene, Linna, and Leon.  

      Celia smiled at him.  "So, you're the infamous Hakubi-Masaki Ryu.
Nice to meet you."

      He laughed.  "And you're the mysterious Celia Stingray.  Nice to
meet you, and yes, the hair is NATURAL.  I inherited it from my mother."

      Leon said, "Oh, by the way, my new partner is probably going to show
up soon, so I hope none of you are wearing anything you mind getting
stained."

      "Ahh, so we finally get to meet the queen of disasters?"  Linna
said.

      Leon smiled.  "It will be a nightmare to remember.  I wore special
stain-resistant clothing today."

      The waitress was still taking orders when a blonde woman ran in,
then skidded to a halt, slamming into Leon's chair from behind. The table
did its level best to cut him in half, but failed.  Leon said without
looking, "Hello, Mihoshi."

      Ryu looked over and suddenly snarfed his drink, spewing Dr. Pepper
through his nose onto the tablecloth.  No way, he thought.  What was SHE
doing in the ADPolice?

      Mihoshi said, "EEP, I slammed you into the table!"  She tried to
pull him back from the table and the legs snagged in the carpet.  He
toppled backwards and fell on top of her.  As he fell, his knees smacked
the table and Ryu's drink fell into his lap.  Ryu leapt up yelping.
Everyone else on Ryu's side of the table jumped to avoid their drinks.
Mihoshi looked over and saw Ryu.  "What are YOU doing here?  Shouldn't you
be at home with..."

      Ryu said, "Aunt Mihoshi, I've been attending Tokyo University for
the last three years!  Don't try and tell me that you haven't been told
that 100,000 times!"

      Nene blinked.  "She's your aunt?"

      Leon blinked.  "She's your AUNT?"

      Further down, at the next table, Manami spotted Mihoshi and PRAYED
Mihoshi wouldn't see her.  She tried to slump down and hide as best she
could.

      Mihoshi ran over and hugged Ryu, knocking a canister of Parmesan
cheese onto him, sending a huge cloud of cheese into the air.  Priss
turned to Leon, "Is she always like this?"

      Leon sighed.  "She's calmer and less destructive than normal."

      Macky said, "..."

************************************************************************

     Manami snuck out early, somehow managing to avoid Mihoshi, probably
during the time when she somehow locked up the jukebox so it only played
'YMCA' over and over fifty times.  It soon became clear that fleeing the
Spaghetti Palace was the only reasonable option.  Soon, they ended up at
Linna's apartment, and the intoxication level began to rise.  

      "And then, I leveled my laser pistol at the horrible three eyed
monster!"  Mihoshi said, continuing her tale of how she had faced a pack
of space pirates and their horrible three eyed beast.  Everyone laughed,
concluding she was even drunker than they were.  

       Nene and Ryu simply sat quietly on the couch and made out.  Leon
listened to the story and wished he was drunk enough to risk trying to
make out with Priss.  Unbeknownst to him, Priss was half wishing that too.
Celia, Macky, and Linna could hardly stop laughing at Mihoshi's crazy
stories.  It was better than television.

      "So I fired my laser, and NOTHING happened!  Suddenly, I realized
I'd used the batteries from the laser for my CD player when its batteries
went dead, so I ran for my life!"

      Leon laughed.  "Good thing ADPolice issue guns don't have batteries,
eh?"

      Mihoshi said, "They keep laughing at me when I ask them for a nice
simple laser pistol without any of that nasty recoil stuff!"

      Linna laughed so hard she fell out her chair.  "So did the monster
eat you?"

     "No, it decided Kiyone looked tastier."  The tale became even more
implausible from there.

****************************************************************************

      Nene and Ryu were the first two to wake up, probably because the
sunlight struck them first as they woke up.  Ryu woke up first, and left
Nene asleep on the couch, while he stretched and looked around.  The room
looked like someone had released knockout gas during an orgy.  Everyone
was half-dressed and passed out all over each other.  Priss had her head
on Leon's chest, and Mihoshi's head was on Leon's legs, her feet on
Macky's chest.  Macky had his head stuck under the couch, and Celia was
curled up in a nice plush chair nearby.  Linna had apparently somehow made
it to bed, though.  

      He laughed faintly.  If only I had a camera.  He walked over to Nene
and picked her up, then tried to wake her with a kiss.  It worked.  She
moaned.  "My head..."

      "Time for me to take you home, dear."

      She stared at him.  "Don't you have a headache or SOMETHING?"

      "I never get hangovers."

      "You're evil."

      "I know."  They both laughed.

      They had almost made it out the door when Priss woke up and realized
where her head was.  "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!"

      They made haste while the getting was good.

**************************************************************************

     Ryu met Manami for lunch at the campus cafeteria.  As usual, she had
spread a tablecloth over her table.  Ryu wondered briefly how much of her
allowance she spent on buying and cleaning those things.  "Hi, sis."

     "Good afternoon, brother," she said.  She was back to her normal,
rather formal self.  "Was that really Aunt Mihoshi?"

      "Yeah.  She didn't see you, though."

     He could visibly see Manami relax.  He smiled.  "She's probably still
passed out at Linna's apartment.  We all got drunk and passed out there
after eating at that Spaghetti place."

     Manami sighed.  "Drinking is bad for you, you know that."  She ate
her roastbeef sandwich as if it was filet mignon.

     Ryu munched on his pizza.  "Not half as bad as if Aunt Mihoshi ever
sees you in that outfit and tells Mom about it."

     "What's she doing here anyway?  And was that an ADPolice uniform she
was wearing?"

     "She seems to be working for the ADPolice.  Maybe she and Aunt Kiyone
had another fight."

     "Well, I'm sure she'll come visit, now that she's been reminded that
we're here."  Manami smiled.  "Have you told our parents about your
girlfriend yet?"

     "Yeah, I mentioned her in my last few letters to Mom.  Of course, Mom
didn't bother to write back."

     "Hmm, Father didn't mention hearing anything about her in his last
few letters to us."

     "Well, he's probably worrying about what Great-Great-Grandfather will
do."

     Manami nodded.  "Yes, she is rather low class."

     Ryu frowned.  "Yeah, yeah, yeah.  You know I couldn't care less about
that sort of thing."  He sighed.  Sometimes Manami acts as awful as those
snooty nobles back home.

     Manami nodded and sighed.  "I'm sorry, brother.  We both know that
you will have to go through fire and hail to successfully pursue this
relationship to the end of marriage.  If that's what you want."

     "It'll be a while before I'm ready to think about that.  I don't
intend to back down, though."  And if Great-Great-Grandfather doesn't like
it, he can just chew on his sceptre and howl and gnash his teeth.  

     "Well, if your mother could manage it..."

     Ryu smiled.  "And I can be just as persistent as her, if not more so.
The difference is that I'm stubborn in an intelligent way."

     "Like the time you sat at the table for THREE days because you didn't
want to eat your peas?"

     "Let's not discuss that."

*****************************************************************************

     Celia sat at her desk quietly, thinking.  I can't believe I got drunk
like that.  Okay, I've been drunk before, but never in front of so many
people I hardly know.  It just...It felt good to cut loose....to have so
many friendly people around.  To relax.  To make new friends.  She sagged
slightly and felt like a heavy weight was flowing out of her.  We do need
to be more careful.  Not that anyone would believe anything we said while
drunk.  Like that crazy partner of Officer McNichol's.  I've rarely met
anyone with such a hyperactive imagination.  

      Unless she's really from outer space.  She certainly acts like it.
Celia began to laugh, a long healthy laugh.  Macky walked in.  "You
finally snapped, sis?"

      Celia said, "Just wishing we had all those crazy stories Mihoshi was
telling last night on tape."

      Macky grinned.  "We never turned off the feed on my pin..."

      Celia smiled and got up.  "Time to go check the tapes...we may have
a hit on our hands."  They both laughed and raced off to the garage to
check the tapes in the van.  For a moment, they were the people they might
have been if their father had never died, their mother never left them.
It was a pity the moment could not last.

***************************************************************************

      Manami walked into her advisor's office.  Dr. Hiyama's office was a
chaotic mess, the walls covered with art, degrees, pictures, and posters.
There was a four layer bookcase stuffed full of various monographs, and
her desk was a sea of papers fighting for space.  The inbox had a large
book stuck in it, and ten papers on top of that, with a Dr. Pepper can
perching on top of the whole pile.  Dr. Hiyama smiled.  "Come in, Manami."

      "Greetings, Hiyama-sensei."  She bowed."I think I've figured out
what classes I want to take next semester."

      "History of Theatre, Gov 101, Asian History II, History of Monarchy,
and Chinese IV, right?"  Professor Hiyama smiled.  "Feel free to sit
down."

      Manami sat down and blinked.  Professor Hiyama always seems to know
what I'm thinking, she thought.

      "That's because I'm reading your mind."  Professor Hiyama took a sip
of her Dr. Pepper.  

      Manami coughed.  "You're what?"

      Professor Hiyama laughed.  "I'm just yanking your chain, dear.  I
guess you hadn't realized you were mumbling under your breath about me
knowing what you were thinking.  Let's discuss those class selections."

      They did, but Manami was jumpy for the rest of the day.  
     
***************************************************************************

      Nene said to Naoko, "And then Priss threw Leon through the door into
Linna's bedroom.  He landed on her, and she woke up and freaked out.  It
only got worse from there from what I heard."

      Naoko laughed.  "So that's why he has that bandage on his head."

      Andrea came up.  "Either that or he injured himself after he saw
what was on TV last night."

      "What?"

      "He and Mihoshi were the star attractions on 'The ADPolice Files'."
The ADPolice Files was one of the most popular shows on Mega-Tokyo TV 5.
They hired video vultures to follow ADPolice officers around and
surreptitiously tape them messing up.  Every officer's nightmare was to
appear on that show.  

      "Oh man!"  Naoko said.  "I'd bang my head too if I ever showed up on
THAT!"

      Andrea turned to Nene.  "I have a bit of an odd question for you."

      "Maybe I have an odd answer for you."

      "Are you any relation to the Romanoffs?  The old emperors of
Russia?"

       Nene laughed.  "My great-great-many greats-grandmother claimed to
be Anastasia Romanov.  So maybe I should be ruling Russia right now
instead of just being the Queen of the ADPolice Communications
Department."

       Naoko laughed.  "Well, we'd probably have more luck conquering
Russia to seat you on your rightful throne than we do here."

      Everyone laughed.  The sad thing was that it was probably true.

**************************************************************************   
 

     Linna and Andrea bowed to each other.  It was time for their weekly
sparring sessions.  Nene was there as usual, watching and waiting for her
lessons afterwards.  It had become a weekly ritual, of sorts.  Linna and
Andrea went at it like wildcats.  Linna's combat style was very fluid,
designed to flow out of the way of attacks and use an opponent's movements
against them, while Andrea's was that of a raging river, battering down
everything in its path.  Most of her more advanced techniques were very
aggressive, punches and kicks, rather than locks, holds, throws, and the
like, though she seemed to have some basic training in just about
everything.  

     Andrea's initial assault drove Linna back across the mat and almost
off it, but then she rolled to one side and slid under the hail of blows,
coming up behind Andrea and kicking her in the back, nearly sending her
off the mat herself.  Andrea spun around and dropped low, lashing out with
a kick at Linna's ankles, but Linna leaped up out of the way, then landed
and hooked Andrea's legs as she started to get back up.  Andrea went down,
but she managed to grab Linna's foot and toss her.  Linna rolled and got
back on her feet, then dodged and blocked a flurry of punches from Andrea.
Managing to get beside Andrea, she shoulder locked her and tossed her off
the mat.  

       Linna smiled faintly.  Every time she managed to beat Andrea it was
by getting her off the mat, somehow.  Andrea didn't seem to feel pain much
and hitting her was like pounding on rock.  On the other hand, being HIT
by her felt like being hit with a rock.  She had moments when she wondered
if Andrea was a boomer, except that she had yet to meet a boomer who
laughed, cried, and ate as much as Andrea did.  Boomers weren't much for
getting drunk, either.  

      Nene said, "Round 1, Linna wins.  Fatality."

      They all laughed.  "Now let's see if you can kick her butt, Nene."
Linna said, going to get herself a glass of grape juice.

     Nene laughed.  "More like time for my weekly beating."

     Andrea smiled.  "You are getting better, Nene."

     Linna laughed.  "That wouldn't be too hard."  She sat down.

     Nene got into something resembling a fighting stance.  The lesson was
soon in session.  Linna watched as Nene unleashed a frantic barrage of
attacks on Andrea, who blocked them all, then worked on correcting Nene's
technique.  Linna watched, amused.  One of Nene's attacks actually got
through and Andrea got clipped on the nose.  Nene started jumping up and
down yelling, "Woo woo!"  over and over.  

     Linna laughed.  Nene really is getting better, although I think
Andrea let her get away with that.  She's been doing better in testing as
well.  Between Andrea and her new boyfriend, she's really starting to
shape up.  It's about time too.  We've been fighting boomers for two years
now and she's just now really starting to take this all seriously.  

      Finally, Nene and Andrea finished and sat down.  Linna got them some
grape juice as well.  "So when are you gonna come join us at the ADPolice,
Linna?"  Nene asked, laughing faintly.

      Linna laughed.  "When are you going to come teach aerobics with me,
Nene?"

      Andrea laughed.  "Seriously, do you plan to teach aerobics and
martial arts for the rest of your life or do you have other plans?"

      "Well, I've been investing in my spare time, and I've thought about
going into being a stock broker.  I've been taking correspondence courses
and some night courses."  She paused.  "How much longer will you be with
us, Andrea?"

      "I'll be in Tokyo for at least a year."

      Nene smiled.  "Good!  Now we just have to set you up with a
boyfriend.  I'm sure Linna can find you one of her old ones.  She's got
dozens of them lying around unused."

      Linna glared at Nene.  "NENE!!!!"

      Pretty soon, they all started laughing, then traded old boyfriend
disaster stories for the rest of the afternoon.

***************************************************************************

     A woman with long green hair and lavender eyes, dressed in a dark
green business suit sat in her hotel room.  She got a deck of cards out of
her suitcase, carefully removing them from the silk handkerchief wrapped
around them.  She shuffled the deck nine times, cut it, then shuffled it
once more.  She began to deal out the cards in a cross formation:

                                 *
                                ***
                                 *
                                 *
                                 *

     The top card was the Querant's card, signifying the person seeking
the future.  The Queen of Staffs.  The woman smiled faintly.  The second
card, forming the left bar of the cross, signifying the past, was the
Moon.  The middle card, signifying the present problem was the Tower.  The
right card, signfying the future, was the Devil.  "So, the time has indeed
come," she whispered.  She laid out the next card, which fell below the
present, the location of allies.  It was the Four of Swords.  The next
card below that was the card of obstacles, the Two of Coins.  Finally,
the bottommost card, the card of her future goal, Judgement Day.  

      Not much new here, she thought.  She looked at the two of coins
again. It showed a man bending to pick up two coins from the street,
unaware a rock was about to fall on his head.  "Unexpected calamity due to
greed.  The lust for power leading to destruction,"  she whispered.  

      The time for waiting was over.  It was time for action.

*****************************************************************************




















Circa 23,000 BC

     Prince Fortitude followed his sister into the huge cavern beneath the
palace.  A thousand years ago, the founder of the kingdom had carved this
cavern, using her vast magical powers, and planted a tree.  The Tree of
Life, which sustained all living things upon the Moon.  It had taken the
combined power of the Five Ruling Wizards to create it, and its power was
almost beyond human comprehension.

      Unfortunately, now it was dying.  The prince cried quietly.  He
could see that the rot had spread.  For decades now, the tree had
struggled with a disease that no one knew the cause of...or the cure.
Five years ago, after the destruction of the Star Kingdom, the disease had
begun to win.  Only an experienced eye could tell the difference, but it
seemed that nothing could stop it.  Even the Silver Crystal had been of no
avail.  While it could purge the tree of disease, the disease always
returned.  There had to be some deeper cause, but no one knew what it was.
One day, the Tree of Life would die, and all life on the moon would die
with it.

      "Why have we come here, sister?  To stare at the face of our
destruction will avail us nothing."  He sighed.  

      He could not understand why she smiled at him.  "There is something
that we had forgotten about trees, you see..."  She lead him around the
tree to the other side of the cavern, where a huge crystal construct stood
that resembled a giant glowing flowerpot made of diamond.  In the heart of
the construct stood a tiny five foot tall tree, with only a handful of
branches, but upon those branches were green leaves, and tiny shafts of
light shone down from the branches to the ground beneath them, like the
vast shafts of light that shone forth from the leaves of the Tree of Life.

       Fortitude stared in shock.  "You...you...You made a...You made..."

       Serenity laughed.  "The days of the Five Ruling Wizards have passed
and perhaps may never come again.  However, there was something we didn't
know about the Tree of Life."

      "What?"

       "I can hardly believe we never thought of it before, but I was so
used to thinking of the Tree of Life as more an artifact than a real
living creature..."  She paused.  "So it took my daughter to think of the
possibility that the Tree of Life might actually have seeds."

       Fortitude blinked, then laughed.  "This would have made settling
the outworlds a lot easier if we had realized this a long time ago."

      "I did not know it could talk, either.  We've taken it for granted
for so long..."

      "It talks?"

      The tree's bark shimmered and a woman stepped out of the Tree of
Life.  She was tall and thin, dressed in shimmering green robes.  Her face
was lined with age, but there was no gray in her hair, which was a bright
shining green in color.  Her skin was dark brown, like the tree's bark.
"I do indeed.  Thank you for bringing your Prince of the Sword,"  the Lady
of the Tree said.  

       Fortitude knelt instinctively.  "I am honored to meet you.  How may
I be of service?"

       "You must take my daughter and leave this system before it is too
late."  The Lady of the Tree gazed sadly at both of them.  "The end of all
things is upon us.  I shall die soon, and this world with me.  All the
kingdoms are doomed.  You must take a portion of this world's children and
my daughter and flee while you still can."

      Prince Fortitude turned to his sister.  "But I am your Prince of the
Sword.  I cannot leave you in your hour of need!  If doom approaches, I
must stand and fight by your side."

      Serenity sighed.  "It must be done.  You must lead those who I have
sent with you.  Rule them wisely and well, my brother, and perhaps one day
your descendants will be able to return to us.  Do not forget us."

      "I will go then.  And I shall never forget you or our world."  He
turned to the Lady of the Tree.  "How should I address you, and what is
your daughter's name?"

      "You may call me whatever pleases you.  I have had many names and
none.  But my daughter's name is Tsunami."
     

****************************************************************************

Chapter 4:  "Visitation Day"

****************************************************************************

     Ryu finished mixing the chemicals together.  This was so easy he 
could do it in his sleep.  I learned to do this when I was five, he 
thought, letting his mind drift to thoughts of his girlfriend.  Nene-chan
is so smart and beautiful, he thought.  I just...I wish I knew what my
parents will think.  Great-Great-Grandfather will explode, I know that.  
I'm sure Dad will approve...who knows what Mom will think.  Great-Grandpa
will probably laugh his head off because Great-Great-Grandfather is angry,
and Grandpa will probably hit on Nene...I wonder what... His mind drifted
a little too much and suddenly the beaker shattered in his grip.  He
sighed.

      His roommate, Shiro, sighed.  They were lab partners and roommates, 
and Shiro knew Ryu did this sort of thing all the time.  That's probably 
why his hair is spiked all the time, Shiro thought.  I bet he did 
something to it by accident and it stuck that way.  Ryu is brilliant at 
theory, but he always spazzes out during lab work.  "Focus on the 
present, not on tonight, Ryu."

      Ryu sighed.  "I just...you know how much I love to go dancing and..."

     "Look, if we don't finish this experiment, we can't write it up and 
turn it in by 5 so we CAN go dancing."  Shiro said.  

     Ryu nodded.  "Well, there's more where those came from."

     Shiro sighed.  Good thing Ryu's folks are rich so he can afford to 
replace everything he breaks.  Cause he breaks a LOT of stuff.  

**********************************************************************

     Manami roared down the road in her Genom Shogun 345.  It was a red 
sportscar capable of massively exceeding the speed limit.  The latest 
Bob and His Chainsaw tape was blaring at about 30 decibels over the safe 
level.  The windows were down, so the whole world got to share.  This 
included her roommate, Shinobu, who was screaming at the top of her 
lungs.  Not that anyone could hear her over Bob and His Chainsaw.

      "You don't have to drive 200 KPH on the way to Colonel Chicken!  
The FOOD IS NOT GOING ANYWHERE!"  It was futile to even try to stop 
Manami, Shinobu knew.  Normally, Manami was shy and demure, but behind 
the wheel of a car, she drove like a woman possessed.  Not to mention 
this awful retro-trash, uh retro-thrash she listens to.  She also had this
odd habit of shouting hello to the two pillars that her family had donated
to form the new gates of Tokyo University, every time she drove past them.
And a few other weird habits, Shinobu thought.  Maybe she's insane.

     Manami ignored her and sang along with the song.  She had a 
beautiful voice, even singing something ugly like this.  Shinobu sighed.  
I should have realized that rooming with someone with blue hair would be 
a mistake.  

     They roared past a police car.  Its siren came on.  Shinobu 
sighed.  Now we'll never get to Colonel Chicken.  I should never have 
moved to Mega-Tokyo, she thought.

***************************************************************************

      Ryu and Shiro ran home once the lab was completed.  Their home was 
Shinohara Dormitory, named after some arms manufacturer who had donated 
money to renovate the dorm after the Kanto Quake, nine years ago.  It was 
an upperclassmen coed dorm, with men and women on alternating floors.  

     As they got out of the elevator, they could hear partying noises.  
Loud music was blaring from somewhere near...no, IN their suite.  Ryu 
sighed.  "I guess Taka passed that test he had been studying for and 
decided to party,"  Shiro said.

      Ryu sighed.  "Well, he can party all he wants.  We're going to be 
gone."

      They walked into the room, and in the living room of their suite, 
they were rather suprised to see Taka, Terri, Andy, Shiko, and some girl 
Shiro didn't know were busily drinking and dancing wildly around.  Taka 
and Andy were Shiro's suitemates.  They lived in the other bedroom of the 
suite.  Taka and Andy were both tall, thin, and black haired, with 
identical gold-rimmed glasses.  They liked to pretend they were twins, 
but they didn't really look much like each other.  Shiko was Andy's 
girlfriend, a complete airhead of a blonde, complete with flower in her 
hair.  She was majoring in sociology of all things, though how she passed 
her classes was beyond Shiro.  Terri was short and thin, with a very 
pretty face, blue eyes, and long red hair.  She had dated Ryu for a
while, then they had broken up, but now she was after Andy, despite him
already HAVING a girlfriend. The other girl...there was something familiar
about her, Shiro thought.  She was well built and wearing somewhat
revealing clothing.  Despite the sake jug she was chugging from, he could
see she had an elfin face, with green eyes.  She was trying to drink and
dance with Taka at the same time.

     He looked over at Ryu and whispered, "Hey, is that Taka's girlfriend 
I keep hearing about?"

     Ryu paled.  His face turned several interesting colors, ans his lips 
moved wordlessly.

     Shiro sidled over to Ryu.  "She an ex-girlfriend of yours or..."  
Suddenly, Shiro realized the girl had spiked green hair, exactly the same
as Ryu's.  "Your sister?"

     Ryu shouted, "MOM!  WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING?"

     The room froze like someone had dropped anvils on everyone.  

     Shiro looked at the girl.  She looked to be maybe 3 to 5 years older 
than Ryu at MOST, if not less.  "That...you..."

     The girl laughed.  "My SON!"  She leaped over to Ryu and hugged him.

     Taka froze in place.  "You're...Ryu's...mother?"

     Ryu sighed and hugged his mom.  "Hi, mom.  Has something gone wrong 
back home?"  Mom hadn't come to visit him once since he went to college.  
Not that he blamed her.  She had a lot of work to do, and it was a long 
way to come to just see him.  Especially since he came home for the 
holidays, anyway.  

     She laughed.  "What, a mother can't come to visit her son for fun?"

     Ryu smiled.  "If this was fun, you'd have Dad with you too.  So 
what's up?"

     "Let's party a while, then we can..."

     Terri said, "She's your Mom?  She told us that..."

     Ryu's Mom was across the room in a flash, putting her hand over 
Terri's mouth.  "Now, now, I'm sure Ryu doesn't want to hear about..."

     Ryu went over to Terri.  "Mom, this is my friend, Terri Jones.  
Terri, this is my mom."

     Ryu's mom took her hand off Terri's mouth.  "Oh, you're THAT Terri!  
Nice to meet you."  She paused.  "Oh wait, are you the girl who dumped 
him for another girl?"

     Terri giggled, "Actually, I'm the girl he was dumped for."  She 
wasn't, but the alcohol was starting to talk FOR her.

     "MOM!!!!!!"  Ryu shouted.  Maybe her not visiting wasn't such a bad 
thing after all...

******************************************************************************

     Manami and Shinobu sat in Colonel Chicken.  Shinobu sighed and 
pushed her brown bangs out of her eyes.  I really need a haircut, she 
thought.  Manami ate delicately, as if at a formal dinner.  She had even 
spread out a tablecloth for the table.  All traces of the maniac who had 
somehow outrun the police a few minutes ago were gone.

     Shinobu ate and watched Manami, trying to figure out how she could 
be so weird.  Her hair was long, tied back in a pony-tail that nearly ran 
down to her feet, and she had purple eyes.  She was dressed in a purple 
blouse and a long black skirt.  Manami always wore nice, expensive 
clothing.  Her manners were impeccable.  She could make eating a chicken 
leg look like she was giving a lecture on etiquette.  

     "So how are your classes going, Shinobu-san?"  Manami smiled.  "I 
think I got an A on my Calculus test.  Mother will be pleased."

     Shinobu said, "Pretty well."  She paused.  "Are you an only child?"
     
     Manami laughed faintly.  "I have a half-brother.  We have the same 
father, but different mothers."

     "Oh.  So what do your folks do for a living?"  Shinobu asked.  I 
hardly know anything about her folks, she thought.

     Manami blushed.  "It...It's a state secret."  

     "Oh wow, your dad is like a James Bond type?"

     Manami laughed a little.  "Mom too, sort of."

     There was an explosion outside.  Shinobu blinked and dropped her 
chicken leg in her lap.  They both looked out the window.  A boomer was 
headed straight for Colonel Chicken, guns a-blazing.  The staff and 
customers panicked, running everywhere.  

     "We've got to get out of here!"  Shinobu yelled.  

     Manami frowned, her lips pursed tightly.  "Insolent robots.  
Something needs to be done about them."

     "Not by us!"  Shinobu grabbed Manami and dragged her away from the 
table.  Manami delicately dropped her biscuit back in the box and began 
cleaning her hands as Shinobu tried to drag her towards the bathrooms.

     It was too late.  The boomer crashed through the doors and fired a 
missile into the kitchen.  Shinobu closed her eyes and said a prayer for 
her soul.  The explosion rocked the restaurant.  There were more 
explosions outside.  When she opened her eyes, the kitchen was on fire.  
Dead and unconscious customers were strewn everywhere.  Somehow, she and 
Manami had emerged unhurt.  Unfortunately, the boomer now turned its 
attention to them.  Its red eyes glowed in the dark of the devastated 
store.

     Manami frowned.  Shinobu cried.  I'm too young to die, she thought.

     The boomer leveled its gun at them slowly.  Shinobu wondered if it 
was just playing around with them, or what.

     The gun blazed to life...and nothing happened, with an audible 
click.  Shinobu gave a great sigh of relief.  "It...It's out of ammo."

     The boomer opened its mouth wide and the particle beam cannon in 
its mouth began to glow.  Shinobu screamed at the top of her lungs.  Then
a beam of purple light shot from the doorway and blew off the boomer's
head.  Shinobu blinked as the charred corpse collapsed.  

     Shinobu turned and looked at the doorway.  A woman, completely 
unarmed, with long blue-black hair that went down to her feet in the 
back, tied into two long pony-tails stood in the door.  Her eyes were 
large and purple, and she looked to be around 25 or so.  She was 
wearing a nice blue and green flowered kimono.  There appeared to be 
no way whatsover she could have fired off an energy beam, unless she had 
a hard suit hidden under her clothing.

     Manami said, "Mother!"  She walked over to her mother and hugged her.

     Shinobu said, "..."

     Manami's mother hugged her back.  "It is good to see you, daughter."

     Shinobu looked around.  Something vaporized that boomer's head.  
Whatever it was, it wasn't here anymore.  Maybe a Knight Saber had 
wandered by.  "Ma'am...did you see what killed that Boomer?"

     Manami's mother blinked.  "Oh, I k..."  She paused.  "I saw someone 
in armor running away as I arrived."  Her voice sounded a little odd.
Shinobu quickly realized it was an accent she couldn't quite place.  It
sounded ever so slightly archaic.  

     Shinobu smiled.  "Wow, it must have been one of the Knight Sabres."

     Manami was laughing faintly.  "Something like that.  What brings you 
here, mother?"  She paused.  "And how did you find us?"

     "A friend at your dorm said you had come here.  We'd better go get 
your half-brother before his dorm gets leveled."

     "Why would his dorm get leveled?"  Shinobu asked.

     "I'm not the only one who came to visit you two,"  Manami's mother
replied.

**************************************************************************

     Somehow, things had further degenerated at Ryu's room, and everyone 
but him was really thoroughly drunk.  His mom was regaling them with a 
tale.  "And then I fired the main lasers and BOOM!  Dari's entire 
fortress blew to bits!  We took all the silk and dyrilliam back to 
Episilon Gamma V and sold it for big bucks!"

     Everyone laughed.  "Your mom has a really active imagination,"  
Terri said to Ryu.  "She's cool."  She paused.  "So she's not really your 
ex-wife?"

     Ryu slapped his forehead. "MOM!"

     Mom laughed.  "Naah, my real husband has cute brown hair and he's 
sooooooooo good in bed and he..."

     Ryu almost screamed.  "MOM!!!!!!"

     "And he's going to be the emperor one day!"

     Everyone laughed.  Ryu wished he knew some way to just drop dead.  
At least Mom wasn't hitting on his roommate anymore.  "So why exactly are 
you here, Mom?"

     "We're gonna extract a hoooorible revenge on some people!  Blow up 
their house and kill their dog and pillage their fields and..."

     Taka and Shiro, both now drunk, laughed.  "You with the Yakuza?"

     Mom laughed.  "Sure!  Why not!"  She got up and bared her left arm.  
"I'll get a big tatoo of Sonic the hedgehog!"

     Everyone laughed.

     There was a knock at the door.  Ryu winced.  Too many people have 
met Mom already.  He opened the door.  "Hello?"

     His half-sister, Manami was there, and her mom too.  "Aeka-sama!"  
Ryu said, hugging his step-mother.  

     Terri blinked.  "HEY!  Aren't you dating someone else?!"
     Ryu blushed.  "Everyone, this is my step-mother, Masaki Aeka, and my 
half-sister Manami.  Manami, Aeka-sama, this is..."

     "ZAT YOU, Aeka-chan?"  Ryu's mom shouted.  "C'mere!  I saved some 
sake for ya!"

     Aeka frowned.  "She's drunk."

     Ryu sighed.  "She was drunk BEFORE I got home."

     Aeka stormed over.  "Ryoko!  We have very important business to take 
care of!"

     Ryoko stood up.  "Ohh, is that a come-on?"

     Aeka turned beet red.  "Ryoko!!!!!!!"

*****************************************************************************

     Tenchi and Youshou stood before Emperor Azusa of Jurai.  Like him,
they were dressed in the finery appropriate to the high and noble
traditions of the house of Jurai.  "Your request is denied,"  the emperor
said.  "I need you here, not gallivanting around that backwater planet
again."

      "I must go.  She is my daughter,"  Youshou said.

      "I'm sure those we have already sent will be adequate to do the
job."  The emperor frowned.  He suddenly had a bad feeling.  Perhaps it
was realizing that his granddaughter's survival was possibly in the hands
of Mihoshi...

      "You really think so?"

      Tenchi remained silent.  The emperor frowned.  Why wasn't he
speaking?  The feeling of unease grew.  They've tricked me again, he
thought.  "I still can't let you go."

      "I knew you'd say that, father.  That's why we're transmitting this
from somewhere far outside the Juraiian system.  I hope you like these
robots Wasyuu built for us."

       Misaki laughed.  Azusa frowned.  "Youshou..."

       Tenchi-bot smiled.  "We'll see you when we bring back my aunt."

       Azusa sighed.  I think I should have beat my children more
thoroughly when they were little.  He turned to Funaho.  "So, were both of
you in on this?"

       Funaho smiled.  "Do you think he would have gotten out of the
system without you knowing without our help?"

      Azusa sighed and wondered once again if anyone ever told him
ANYTHING.

**************************************************************************

     Ryu and Manami finally managed to clear everyone out of Ryu's room,
then locked the door.  Aeka sat at Ryu's desk, while Ryoko sprawled on the
bed.  "C'mere with me, Aeka-chan!  Come join me in bed!"  She laughed like
a maniac.

      Aeka turned an even deeper shade of red.  "Ryoko, you're being quite
improper."

      Ryu sighed.  "I wish Dad would convince Mom to stop drinking."

      "Well, considering what you did the other night,"  Manami began.

      "Or what YOU did the other day?  Shall we trade interesting stories,
sister?  Like that concert, eh?"

      Manami blushed and fell silent.

      Aeka smiled.  "Oh, you went to a concert together?"

      Ryu nodded and glared at Manami.

      Manami said, "Yes, the Tokyo Chamber Orchestra performed a little
while ago.  We went to that together."   It was true; they had.  Nene,
Manami, Shinobu, and Ryu had gone about two weeks ago to the chamber
orchestra concert when they played on campus.  

      "So, did you just decide to drop in and surprise us?"  Ryu asked,
praying this was just a surprise visit and not the start of major trouble.

      "We have to find your aunt Meylia and teach those who have been
hunting her not to take up arms against the house of Jurai."

      Ryu blinked.  "What aunt Meylia?"

      Aeka thought a moment.  "Well, technically she'd be your great-aunt
and my niece.  I think.  Hmm...if you look at it one way, she's actually
your cousin..."

      Ryu's head began to hurt.  Trying to understand blood relations in
his family always made his head want to explode.  "Why haven't we heard of
her before?"

      "Youshou-sama thought she was dead.  Then we got a message from
Funaho.  The tree, not my mother.  She was alive and had awakened to her
heritage.  The Genom corporation wants her dead, and we intend to find out
why and put an end to it.  No petty company will be allowed to threaten a
member of the house of Jurai.  We have to find her grandchildren as well,
so they can learn who they truly are."

      Ryoko sat up.  "We're gonna kick some ass and take some names!"

      Manami said, "So that's why Aunt Mihoshi is here."

      Aeka nodded.  "We sent her to infiltrate the ADPolice."

      "What about Aunt Kiyone?  Where is she?"

      Ryoko laughed.  "She's doing some REAL work while Mihoshi makes a
big mess and distracts our enemies, whoever they are.  Although Mom's
doing the really dangerous job..."

      "What's she doing?"

      Ryu could hardly believe the answer.

**************************************************************************

      Dr. Martin lead the new Research Engineer through the halls of the
GENOM Research Tower.  He stopped at a door labelled 'Boomer Morgue'.
"You'll be starting out here.  Your job is to pick through all these dead
boomers and see what we can learn from them to improve future designs, as
well as salvaging whatever you can salvage."

      "Am I the only person who does this?"

      "For now.  The last set of technicians were fired when they went on
strike and the old supervisor just got moved up.  You can get help if you
need it, but for now, you'll be working on this.  If we like your work,
you should be moved up to main research in a few weeks or months."

      The woman nodded.  "Good.  I prefer not to be disturbed."

      Dr. Martin soon familiarized the new tech with the equipment
available, then left, letting her go to work.

      The woman began reading labels and checking case histories.  Soon,
she came to a drawer labeled, "33-S #4056.  Deceased, 4/26/2033".  She
consulted this one's case history, then smiled sadly.  Yes, this would
make a good start. Such a tragic story.  Poor child...

****************************************************************************

     Quincy continued paging through his electronic mail.  Much of it was
trivial, and he wished again that there was some way to weed out the
garbage without his having to read it.  Then came something not so
trivial:

*Date: Oct 1 2034 20:25:31 -0600 (JST)
*From: Z <zeta@alpha.genomnet.com>
*To: Quincy <Quincy@omega.genom.org>
*
*Subject: Them.
*
*     I've finally tracked down the one who slew Y back in the '80s.
*However, that's not all the news I have.  More importantly, the Jurai
*have come to Earth.  The one we found must have contacted them somehow.
*Expect trouble.  We must meet.  I have contacted Shiva, but have yet to
*recieve a useful reply.  Perhaps we will succeed now where our
*predecessors failed.

     Quincy nodded.  He knew it would come to this.  He had hoped they
would come.  That was why he had not yet made a truly serious effort to
reel her in.  He paused for a moment, then began to type his reply.

************************************************************************

     Lt. Yamano walked over to Nene and tapped her on the shoulder.
Nene started, leaped up, saluted, and stood at attention.  "Yes, Ma'am?"

     "That's yes SIR, Officer Romanova."

     "Uh, yes Sir."

     "Telephone call for you.  Make it quick."

     Nene nodded and ran to the phone.  "Hello?"  

     It was Ryu.  "Hi, Nene-chan.  Change of plans.  My parents are in
town and want to meet you.  Hopefully, Mom will sober up before you get
here."

     Nene blinked.  "They came by surprise?"

     Ryu nodded, not that Nene could see him nodding.  "Hai.  Come on over
when we planned, and we'll all go out to dinner instead."

     Nene nodded.  "Okay!"  She walked back to her desk and sat down with
a happy smile.

     "Good news, Romanova?"  Lt. Yamano asked.

     "My boyfriend's parents are in town!  I finally get to meet them!"

     "Ahh, talking to your boyfriend while you're on the clock?"

     Nene sighed.  "Where am I jogging to this time, Lt.?"

     Yamano laughed.  "Here, take this to Accounting.  If they don't get
this by 5 PM, none of us will get paid on time."

     Nene took off like a rocket.  She raced through the computer
department and slid down the railing of the stairs to save time, then
vaulted over the side and leaped halfway down the next flight of stairs.
To her own surprise, she actually landed without falling down.  She
sprinted down the hallway, past the shooting range, and into the next
staircase, which she started taking three steps at a time.  Flying out the
doors at the bottom of the stairs, she sprinted into the accounting
department, only to realize she had no idea WHERE in accounting to take
the papers.  A nearby secretary looked up.  "Those the vouchers from
Communications?"
     
      Nene nodded.  "Hai!"

      "Take them to recieving on the next floor down."

      Nene screamed and sprinted out the doors, down the hallway to the
stairs.  A tac squad was coming up the stairs as she entered the
stairwell.  She barrelled right through the middle of them, sending
startled troopers crashing into the walls as the manic redhead zoomed down
and out onto the next floor down.  Looking around, she spotted the sign
'Accounting:  Reciepts Recieving'.  She ran in the door and dumped the
papers on the front secretary's desk.  "Did I make it?"

      The secretary smiled and hit a stopwatch.  "Not bad.  You beat the
time of the girl last week by twenty seconds.  Yes, you made it."

      Nene gave a big sigh of relief.  "Whew, I'll get paid."

      The secretary blinked.  "Actually, this signifies you all got paid
last week..."

      Nene quietly facefaulted.

*****************************************************************************

     Tenchi and Youshou sat in a nice quiet city park, one of the few left
in Mega-Tokyo.  By some miracle, it had survived the Kanto quake
unscarred, except for the collapse of a swing set.  The replacement for
that swingset was now being occupied by two young girls, around age eight,
by Youshou, and by a five year old boy.  Having been co-opted by the
children, Tenchi was busily pushing one of the young girls back and
forth.  She laughed as she swung.  "So who are we waiting for, Grandpa?"
Tenchi asked.  

      "Some very distant relatives of yours, Tenchi.  Well, one of them
is.  He's descended from a woman I married back in the eighteenth century.
I've remained close to their line for many years."  Youshou swung back and
forth slowly.  His stomach rumbled loudly.  "They should be here by now."

      "I'm getting hungry too, but we shouldn't eat this close to dinner
time."  Tenchi smiled at the little girl as she laughed and started
shouting something about flying.

      "You sound like your mother...or my mother for that matter.  We
won't eat for a few hours, because it will probably take Ryoko that long
to sober up enough that she won't be shouting in public about you being
the next emperor or something."  Youshou leaped out of the swing.  "Let's
go get some Ramen while we wait."  He laughed faintly.  "That's one area
where this planet is more advanced than Jurai...I can't get good ramen to
save my life back there."

       Tenchi laughed and said goodbye to the small children, then
followed his grandfather.  "Well, when you're emperor, you can change
that."

       Youshou laughed.  "Maybe we'll open Disneyworld-Jurai while we're
at it."

      They both had a good laugh.

*****************************************************************************

     Nene knocked on Ryu's door.  The door opened a crack.  "Who is it?"
Ryu asked.

     "It's me, Nene."  Nene had dressed up in a nice long green dress.  It
was somewhat formal, but she hoped it would make a good impression on
Ryu's parents.  

      The door opened and Ryu pulled Nene inside, then slammed the door
shut.  Nene blinked.  She could hear sounds of violence from Ryu's room.
He sighed.  "Come on...Mom and my step-mom are at it again."

      Nene followed Ryu across the 'lounge' part of his suite to his
bedroom.  Inside, two women were beating each other with pillows while
Manami tried to pull them apart.  She wasn't having much luck.

     "I am NOT drunk and I will not lay down and take a nap before Ryu's
girlfriend gets here!"  the tall woman with green spikey hair said.  Nene
blinked.  That must be Ryu's mom...she really does have spikey hair.  

     The other woman sighed.  "Have you no sense of dignity?"  She looked
a lot like Manami and Nene guessed that was her mother.

     Ryu cleared his throat.  "Umm..."

     "You should know the answer to that by now, Mother,"  Manami said.

     "Tenchi will NOT be happy if your first impression on whoever we're
waiting for is that of a drunken lout!"  The other woman said, waggling
her finger at Ryoko and aiming low for Ryouko's legs with the pillow in
her hand.

     "Ummm...Mom, Aeka-sama..."  Ryu tried again.

      "Don't lecture me, Princess."  Ryu's mom stuck out her tongue and
bopped Aeka on the head.  
       
      "EXCUSE ME!  NENE IS HERE!!!!!!"  Ryu shouted.  Nene stuck her
fingers in her ears and staggered back a step.

      Everyone turned.  Manami and Aeka blushed in unison.  Ryu's mom
leaped over to Nene.  "So you're my boy's girlfriend!"  She hugged Nene so
tightly that Nene could hardly breathe.  

      Aeka turned to Nene, tried to say something, then apparently changed
her mind and said nothing.  A few moments later, she bowed.  "I am ..."
She paused.  "Aeka Masaki, Ryu's step-mother.  Nice to meet you."

      "Nice...to...meet...you..."  Nene choked out.  "I'm Nene Romanova."

      Ryoko said, "And I'm Ryoko Hakubi-Masaki."  She finally let go of
Nene and looked her up and down.  "Hmm.  Nice clothing.  Good hair color.
Nice figure.  Cute face.  Survived that hug."  She turned to Ryu.  "You
have my permission to get married any time you like."

     Nene and Ryu both blushed.  "We hadn't...umm..even thought about that
yet."

     Aeka said, "Tenchi-sama is looking forward to meeting you.  Come,
Nene, we can talk in the car."  She turned to Manami.  "You do have room
for five, don't you?"

     Ryoko laughed.  "I can always carry a few if you don't."

     Aeka closed her eyes for a moment, apparently trying to stay calm.
"That shouldn't be necessary."

     Manami said, "Well, it might get a little crowded with three in the
back."

     Ryoko laughed loudly.  "It'll just be some good family togetherness!
I'm sure Nene won't mind sitting in Ryu's lap."

     Nene and Ryu both blushed.

************************************************************************** 

     Soon, but probably not as soon as Aeka might have wished, they made
their way to the Platinum Falcon restaurant, high atop the Shinohara
Towers Office Building, a very expensive place.  Tenchi and Youshou met
them there.  They didn't have any trouble getting a table, though the
waiter kept giving Ryoko and Ryu's hair some funny looks.  

      They managed to place their orders without any disasters, but then
the hardest part of any restaurant trip began:  waiting for the food to
arrive.  Tenchi said to Nene, "I understand you're a policewoman?"

     Nene nodded.  "I work for the ADPolice in their communications
department.  It's hard work, but I really like being part of it."

     Ryoko said, "A cop eh?  Hmmmm...."  

     Ryu smiled.  "Don't worry, you're safe from her, Mom."

     Everyone except Nene laughed.  Nene was simply confused.

     Nene said, "So what do all of you do for a living?"

     Tenchi froze up and looked over at Ryoko and Aeka nervously.  

     Ryoko winked. "We're Yakuza.  Don't tell anyone."

     Aeka and Tenchi facefaulted.  Ryu laughed.  Manami blushed.  "We are
NOT Yakuza."

     Youshou said, "I'm afraid we can't tell you too much about what we
all do for a living.  National security, you see."

     "Wow, you're ALL spies and stuff?"  Nene felt a little excited, like
she was in a spy thriller.   She'd always thought Ryu was joking.  

     Ryoko laughed and winked.  "I'm a notorious pirate."  

     Tenchi said, "I hope it doesn't bother you that we can't talk about
our past too much, yet.  We'll tell you everything we can, but..."

     Nene said, "Well, maybe you can answer this one question..."

     "Yes?"

     Nene said, "Which one of them are you married to right now and which
one did you marry first?"  She pointed to Aeka and Ryoko.

     Tenchi bigsweated.  "Uhhh...."  

     Ryoko leaped over and hugged Tenchi.  "He's all mine!"

     Aeka frowned faintly.  "Not ALL yours."

     Manami blushed and tried to act like she wasn't REALLY there.
Youshou laughed heartily.  "Both of them.  That's answering both of your
questions, by the way."

     Tenchi blushed now.  This was going to be far too much fun to try to
explain.  

****************************************************************************

     Celia was about to finish closing up the Silky Doll, when a customer
started banging on the door.  She sighed and walked over to the door.
"Can I help you?"

      It was that klutzy blond from a while ago.  "You have to HELP ME!"

      Celia sighed.  "With what?"

      The woman began waving a box of stockings up and down.  "Something's
gone horribly wrong and I can't get them to work right!"

      Celia opened the door the rest of the way.  "Come in."  The woman
came in.  "Your name is Mihoshi, right?"

      Mihoshi nodded.  "Officer Mihoshi of the ADPolice!  At your
service!"  She saluted.  

      It figures, Celia thought.  

      Unseen by either of them, a man quietly walked up the hallway to the
front doors and raised a pistol.  Ahh, I can take out the bimbo who
knocked that display case on me last time, too.  

      Mihoshi pulled a tangled mess of torn pantyhose out of the box.
"It's all got holes in it and it's a big mess and I ..."

      "Was it like this when you got it out of the box?"  Celia asked.
      Mihoshi continued to wave the box around.  "Well, no, but after I
washed them, they all tore!  And they got kinda charred too."

      Celia noticed this now.  "They look almost like they were on fire."

     "Well, my dryer broke so I had to use the oven."

     Celia pondered briefly why the ADPolice didn't test for intelligence.
"Well, I can't give you a free replacement since you damaged these
yourselves, but..."  She suddenly spotted the man with the gun, right as
Mihoshi snagged her arm on a mobile display and sent it flying across the
shop. She fell down, crashing into Celia.  The man's first shot ricocheted
off the flying display case and the second went through the now empty
space where her chest had been before she fell down.  

      Mihoshi shouted, "EEP!  Boomer attack!  FREEZE, ADPOLICE!"  She sat
up, whipping out her gun, which promptly flew out of her hands.  For a
moment, all three observers froze in place, watching the gun tumble across
the room.  The man tried to dodge too late and the gun struck him square
in the forehead.  His last thoughts were, I really HATE blondes.  Then he
hit the concrete and had pleasant dreams for a while.

****************************************************************************

      Dinner had arrived, and Nene was telling everyone interesting
stories about her place of work.  "And then these boomers attacked our
headquarters!  It was a nightmare. They took control of the computer
system.  To make matters worse, the chief's niece, the one I was
telling you about earlier, was IN the building!  So, of course, I knew I
had to make sure she got out alive."

      Ryoko laughed.  "Be glad Mihoshi wasn't working there yet or none of
you would have gotten out alive."

      "That's not a very nice thing to say, Ryoko,"  Aeka said.  

      Ryu laughed.  "Well, they would have gotten out alive, but they
wouldn't have ENJOYED it very much.  Aunt Mihoshi never gets you killed,
but it sure FEELS like it sometimes."

      Nene laughed.  She was really enjoying this dinner.  She wished they
could tell her more about themselves, but the stories they had told her
were very entertaining, and it was clear to her that there was a lot of
affection in this family, despite the bickering between some of them.  If
Ryu thinks he can have two wives like his dad though, I'll kill him, she
thought.  "Yeah, that's what Leon says about her.  Daley's supposed to be
back pretty soon, though.  I wonder who they'll put her with next."

      Ryoko looked assessingly at Nene.  "So you all blow away rampaging
robots for a living, eh?  I guess you must be a pretty good fighter."

      Nene laughed nervously.  "I'm getting better.  I've been working out
with Ryu and ..."

      Ryoko winked.  "Besides the horizontal work-out?"

      Ryu said, "MOM!!!!!!"

      Tenchi buried his face in his hands.  Aeka and Manami turned a
crimson shade.  Nene blushed.  "We work out at the gym, too.  Uh, I
mean..."

      Now Ryu blushed.  Aeka frowned at Ryu faintly.  He sighed.  "Mom,
what would you do if we started asking you questions like that?"

      "Answer them in detail of course!"

      The next sound was Tenchi banging his head on the table.

***************************************************************************

      Priss roared down the street, driving nowhere in particular.  She
didn't have anything better to do, so she was just roaring along, looking
to find some cops to outrace when they tried to give her a speeding
ticket.  It wasn't satisfying her.  Maybe I should go dancing, she
thought.  That didn't appeal either.  She couldn't figure out why.

       As she roared along the road, she suddenly realized she was driving
past Genom tower.  Her recent nightmare flickered into her mind briefly.
Damn tower, she thought. I hate you and everything you stand for.  She
gave Genom the bird.  That didn't satisfy either.  She started to get
pissed off at how she wasn't enjoying anything she did, but she couldn't
get into that either.

      This sucks, she thought.  Why am I so bored tonight?  Because you're
alone, replied a voice in her head.  I LIKE being alone, she replied to
herself.  You'd rather be with him, the voice replied.  I would NOT!  she
thought to herself.  Shut up!  Well, he did get off work at eight.  You
could go see him right now, the voice suggested.  I don't NEED to see him,
she thought at herself, turning her bike towards his apartment without
even thinking about it.  

      Priss had a sudden feeling she was being watched.  She looked around
and spotted a woman in a business suit standing at the nearby
intersection, waiting for the light to change.  Something familiar about
that woman, she thought as she drove off, leaving the woman far behind
her.

      The woman smiled faintly, crossing when the light turned green.
Next stop, Tokyo University, she thought.  

***************************************************************************

     "So, I thought to myself, HEY, I can drag Tenchi off for a little one
on one, ya know?"  Ryoko said.  "Of course, looking back I can see I
should have tossed a sheet over Azaka and Kamidake or something so they
wouldn't SEE me and TELL her, but when you're young, you don't think of
these things."

     Nene laughed.  "Azaka and Kamidake are who?"

     Aeka had her face buried in her hands on the table, simply
spluttering every once in a while.  Manami was patting her on the back,
over and over again.

     Youshou looked ready to just die laughing, while Tenchi quietly said,
"Her bodyguards, sort of."

     "Oh wow!  Your own personal bodyguards!  Your family must be rich,
Aeka-san."

     Aeka actually looked up and smiled faintly.  "You could say that,
Nene-chan.  My family is VERY rich."

     "My family is fairly well off, but we're not that rich.  Now back in
Russia, that was another story."

     Youshou said, "Ahh, you are of the Imperial Romanoff line?"  He
didn't sound surprised at all.

     "Yeah!  If they hadn't had that revolution, I'd be a princess right
now and heir to the throne."

     Aeka reached across the table and squeezed Nene's hand.  "You have my
condolences on the loss of your inheritance, Nene-hime."

     Ryoko grinned.  "I told you my son would find a good wife, Aeka, but
noooo, you wouldn't believe me!"

     Ryu simply smiled and hugged Nene-chan.  He got an impish grin on his
face.  "You see, Aeka-san is related to the Emperor."

     "Oh wow!"  Nene was impressed.  No wonder they can't talk about some
stuff.

     Tenchi laughed.  "Let's not go tossing our bloodlines around, okay?
Ryoko-chan might start feeling inferior.  All she got from hers was spikey
hair."  He winked at Ryoko who laughed.

     "And a few magic tricks."  She began juggling small globes of energy.

     Nene stared in awe.  "Wow!  How do you do that?"

     Ryoko laughed.  "Mom.  I got all my tricks from Mom."

     "Is she a professional stage magician?"

     "She's a professional annoyance,"  Ryoko said, dismissing the energy
balls.

      Tenchi said nothing because he was too busy praying Ryoko wouldn't
try and show off by summoning a monster or something else foolish.  By not
much of a coincidence, Ryu, Manami, and Aeka were also praying the exact
same thing.

      "Do you think she could teach me that trick?  Or could you?"  Nene
had no clue how Ryoko was making the little globes of light appear, and
she was starting to get curious.  

       Everyone began to laugh.  "Mom's always looking for new
guinea pigs,"  Ryoko said.  "I'm sure she'd be FAR too happy to teach you
this trick..."

       Nene said, "I guess your Grandmother didn't come?"

      "Oh, she's around town somewhere.  Her new job keeps her busy, she
says.  She also keeps making this really obscure hints..."  Ryoko said.

      "Obscure hints?"  Manami asked.

      "Like she's pregnant or something...She keeps talking about me
having sisters soon or something.  Who knows.  With Mom, sometimes you
just don't WANT to know."  Ryoko said.

      "Wow.  How old is she?"  Nene asked.  "If I may ask."

      Tenchi started to speak, but Ryoko interrupted him.  "20,000 years."

      Nene laughed.  "In other words, don't ask?"

      "That's about right,"  Tenchi said.  

*****************************************************************************

     Professor Hiyama was in her office, working late.  Well, at the
moment she was talking to her husband long-distance on the phone.  "Yes,
dear.  I'll stop working and go home and eat before I die, dear.  Try not
to flirt with too many women at the conference."

     She listened to his reply, then said, "I love you too."  She hung up
the phone and began piling papers and books into her briefcase.  She felt
the faintest of chimes ringing in her head.  Trouble.  She opened her
office door and looked around the hallway.  Everyone else had gone home,
but she heard footsteps.  "Is someone there?"

     A woman walked around the corner into sight.  She was tall with long
dark greenish-black hair.  Her eyes were lavender and she wore a dark
green suit.  Dr. Hiyama recognized her on sight.  She frowned and stepped
out into the hallway.  "What are YOU doing here?"

     The woman smiled as she always did.  "Just making a social call."

     Dr. Hiyama frowned.  "You don't DO social calls."  

     "You're right.  The two of coins."  She turned to leave.

     Dr. Hiyama blinked.  "What does the Tarot have to do with this?  Why
don't you just come out and say what you want so I can tell you to go play
with your staff?"

     The woman laughed faintly.  "Feeling hostile today?"

     "You have that effect on me.  I've had enough of your manipulation
and tricks.  I couldn't care less about whatever you're trying to achieve.
I'm a lot less gullible than I was when I first met you and I won't let
you use me again."  You disgust me, she thought.  Especially when I catch
myself acting like you.

      "You have no right to judge me."  The woman frowned, her amusement
gone.

     "I have EVERY right."  

      "You have not seen what I have seen.  You have not..."

      "I have not sent people to their deaths when I could have prevented
it!  I have not lied and cheated and stolen in the name of some vision.  I
have done my best to help people with my abilities.  Sometimes I may have
had to hide that it was ME who took action to prevent ending up in a damn
laboratory or worse, but I never did anything to hurt anyone.  I'm not a
child you can intimidate and lecture any more.  Now GO away."

       The woman watched the professor quietly without speaking.  "Perhaps
you have grown up after all."  She turned and left.  And I have gotten
what I wanted.  

       Professor Hiyama fumed, but she would never find out what the woman
had wanted this time.  She went back to her office and ended up leaving
about five minutes later than she had planned.  As a result, she didn't
see her old college roommate picking someone up in the parking lot, for
her visitor did not intend the two to be reunited...yet.

       Also unseen by Professor Hiyama, the woman now headed far across
the city, on her way to accomplish her next objective.

*************************************************************************

      Mihoshi paced about with Celia's cellular phone while Celia and
Macky watched the handcuffed would-be killer.  "No, you need to send
someone to get him because I don't have a car!"

      Macky turned to Celia.  "This looks just like that guy who got
clonked in the head by that display case the last time she was here."

      Celia said, "No wallet.  I don't recognize him either, except from
that incident.  Maybe he was gunning for her."

      Macky nodded.  "Either that or this was one heck of a coincidence."

      Mihoshi said, "I'm at the Silky Doll."  She paused.  "No, this is
NOT a whorehouse!"

      Celia overheard and blushed faintly.  Macky laughed.  "I wish."

      Celia clonked him with a handy box of stockings.  

      The man moaned and began to wake up.  He saw Celia looking down at
him and felt the handcuffs.  "Shit."

      She smiled coldly.  "So which of us were you trying to kill?"

      "I don't have to say nothing."

      Celia nodded.  "Get the vise grips, Macky."

      "Hey, I got rights!"

      Mihoshi shouted into the phone, "No, this is not a prank call!  Come
on, I neeed some HELP here!"

      Macky laughed.  "Do we look like cops to you?"

      The man paled.  "Well, she's a cop!"

      Celia smiled.  "She's ADPolice.  Their standard procedure is to blow
the head off of criminals and ask questions later."

      The man paled.  "But I'm not a boomer!"

      "Well, the only real way to be sure is to oh...throw you off a
building and see if you survive."  Macky offered helpfully.

      Mihoshi glanced over.  "Did someone say this guy was a boomer?"

      The man began to sweat heavily.

*****************************************************************************

      Andrea sighed.  Late night duty on communications.  Gotta love it.
She walked over to Naoko, who said into her mike, "If you're a cop, why
are you calling from a cellular phone?"

      Andrea winced as the reply erupted out of Naoko's headphones.
"WAAAH!!!! Stop picking on me just because I'm off duty and my stockings
had holes and I had to go to the store and someone tried to shoot me
and..."

      Andrea sighed.  "She's a cop."

      "How can you tell?"

      "Trust me.  She's Leon's temporary partner."

      Naoko blinked.  "Oh...She did sound kind of familiar."

      Andrea sat down and sighed.  This is gonna be one of THOSE nights,
she thought.

***************************************************************************

     Mihoshi sat down by the prisoner.  "Are you SURE you're not a
boomer?"

      The man began to cry.  "I'm not a boomer!  I'm not!"  He had been
through interrogations before, but this was the worst one of his life.
He'd say anything just to get the blonde woman to go away, he decided.  

      The Tokyo police who had had the delusion that THEY would be
conducting the investigation were very surprised when the man began to
tell them everything he knew.

*****************************************************************************

      Macky said to Celia, "She still hasn't answered her pager."

      Celia swore softly.  "What about Priss and Linna?"

      "Linna's on the way.  Priss hasn't called us yet either."

      Celia continued to read through various police records Nene had
hacked into and downloaded to Celia's network a while ago.  They were
months out of date, unfortunately.  The computer gave a tiny ping.  'Match
identified'.

       The man who had tried to shoot either her or the ditzy cop was
Richard Yamato.  Had faced eight counts of murder, been convicted twice.
Basically a rather cheesy, two-bit assassin, though he was usually
successful.  Mostly worked for private individuals.  Last conviction 2029.
Released four months ago.  Last conviction was on reduced charges of
manslaughter.  

      Not much to go on, she thought.  I'll have to see what my contacts
can find out.  "Keep bugging them."

     Macky nodded.

****************************************************************************

     Quincy stood by his window, looking out at the city.  More precisely,
he was looking across town towards one of the residential districts that
had been rebuilt after the Kanto Quake.  "Are you SURE that he is there?
We cannot afford such a large scale commitment unless we are certain to
take him."

      "He has returned to Mega-Tokyo.  He would not have been so foolish
unless his plans were finally to be set in motion."  The other man was
tall and thin, with light olive skin and incongruous curly blonde hair.
He had a sharp, angular face and dark green eyes.  

     "But what are his plans?  Our efforts to infilitrate his agents have
been completely fruitless."

     "You should have killed him back in 2029."

     Quincy turned and frowned.  "I seem to remember that we TRIED.  And
that you were the one who said further action would be a mistake."

      "And you listened to me?"  The man grinned infuriatingly.

      Quincy sighed.  "Don't you take anything seriously?"

     "She's out there.  The one I must destroy. THAT, I take seriously.
Anything else is just for laughs.  Even your plans, Quincy, or should I
say..."  he began.

      Quincy frowned.  "You never know who might be listening."  He turned
and stared out the window.  "Well, that diversion I arranged SHOULD keep
the Sabres busy."

      The other man smiled.  "Perhaps the Queen of Swords will show up and
we can kill two birds with one stone."

      "I hope they all show up.  At least then we might have some idea how
many of them have arrived and how powerful they are."  He paused and
thought.  "Arrange for Shinohara Industries to be to blame for this."

      The man smiled.  "I already have."

      Quincy said, "What name SHOULD I be calling you by, anyway?"

      "You may call me...Wallace.  Yes, that will do nicely."

****************************************************************************


















March 22, 2028 AD.

     Linna sat in the lotus position, pretending it wasn't making her legs
hurt, though it didn't hurt her legs as much as it used to.  I picked Tai
Chi because I thought I wouldn't have to do anything this stupid, she
thought.  

      Nearby, Linna's master, a old japanese woman named Hiromi, sat
quietly, breathing in and out, her eyes closed.  Linna's eyes were closed
too, but she wasn't exactly...meditating.  To be precise, she was
alternating between thinking about her new boyfriend and wonder what the
point of all this was.  Linna was sixteeen, a beauty pageant queen, and
very much in love.  I have better things to be doing than trying to
meditate on the meaning of a blade of grass, she thought.  A blade of
grass is just a bunch of atoms stuck together by tiny subatomic glue and
stuff.

       Nearby, her master frowned.  "Linna.  Stop whining."

       Linna started.  "But master, I didn't say anything."

       "Yes, but you were whining inside."  Hiromi turned and stared at
Linna, unblinking.  Linna shivered slightly.  Hiromi rarely showed
emotion, but over the years, Linna had gotten to where she could sense
Hiromi's mood, even with almost no clues.  

       "You're angry with me."

       "I did not say that."

       Linna's voice went up in volume slightly.  "But I can tell."

       Hiromi smiled faintly.  "Perhaps there is hope for you yet, little
one.  Even to understand one other person can be a great deed.   So, tell
me, what is a blade of grass?"

       "A blade of grass is just an illusion like everything else."
There, that sounds wise, Linna thought.

      "I'm not asking you to tell me what someone in a Kung Fu movie might
say.  WHAT is a blade of grass?"

      "Uh, green?"  Linna really hated all the mystical stuff that her
master tried to teach her.  Tai Chi was fun, and years of practice had
given her a lot more self-confidence.  She was proud of her skills.  No
one pushed her around anymore, or her friends, because everyone knew she
could take any three of them at once.  Unfortunately, the upper level
stuff all seemed to require a bunch of goofy exercises that never worked.
Linna couldn't figure out what she was doing wrong.  I'm just not cut out
for this, she thought.  

       Hiromi sighed.  "At least you are not blind; we know that now."  

      Linna sighed.  "I can't think about grass when I've got a hot date
with Taiki tonight!"

       Hiromi smiled.  "All right, then meditate on Taiki for twenty
minutes and tell me what he is."

       Linna blinked.  "Uh, hai, sensei."  She closed her eyes and thought
about Taiki.  He was tall and handsome, with short brown hair and dreamy
green eyes.  He was the captain of the soccer team and as athletic as her.
She fixed his image in her mind, then began thinking about him.  How he
smelled, what he looked like, his soft voice, how he looked at Lisa
sometimes.  She paused.  She'd never really noticed that before, but he
did kinda look lustfully at Lisa sometimes.  Linna dismissed the thought.
I'm just imagining things.  She tried to focus, but now the idea that he
might be cheating on her began to haunt her mind.  

      She sighed.

      Hiromi turned to her.  "You just aren't satisfied with anything, are
you?"

      "I just..."

      "All things are transitory.  You may believe in your heart that the
love you feel will last forever, but it likely will not.  All things pass 
in time.  That is the first lesson."   

      "Hey, we're solid!  We'll last!"
  
      Hiromi simply smiled.  A week later, Taiki dumped Linna for Lisa.

******************************************************************************

Chapter 5:  The War begins.

******************************************************************************

     Linna sat quietly on a chair and meditated while Macky and Celia ran
about gabbling about computer stuff and fretting over why Nene and Priss
hadn't called them yet.  Linna had never been good at meditating.  A lot
of this came from the fact that she tended to have insights she didn't
want when she did succeed, but she kept trying.  It did bring her peace as
well, sometimes.  It was just another way that she hadn't been able to
live up to her potential, as her master usually reminded her when
irritated.  Linna tried one of the exercises her master had taught her.

     You must learn to see through the illusion of reality, her master had
said.  Pick something, and focus on it until you can see that it is but
illusion.  Pluck away all of its qualities, one by one, until it
dissolves.  Then you will see through it to the truth behind it.  It all
sounded like a bunch of mystic crap to Linna, but it did work...all the
techniques worked when Linna could actually SUCCEED in focusing enough to
do them.  Usually, Linna didn't even bother.

     Linna chose Priss' hardsuit for the exercise.  She stared at it,
imaging first that the color dissolved away, until it was a flat shining
metal shape.  Then she imagined the metal losing its opaqueness, so that
it slowly became transparent.  She could imagine Priss inside it.  She saw
Priss with her usual devil may care smile on her face, dressed in the
usual KS jumpsuit worn inside her hardsuit.  

     In her mind, she reached out and the jumpsuit faded to gray, then
dissolved away.  Priss hung in the air before her, naked as the day she
was born.  Linna tried to focus, locking out thoughts like how Leon
probably wished he could be seeing this.  This was the hardest part.  To
get below the skin without just thinking about what was literally
there...guts, blood, tissue...but what was truly behind the body...what
they pointed to.  Their true self behind the masks of illusion they
used to protect themselves.

      Dimly, Linna was aware that Celia was trying to say something to
her, but she locked Celia out of her mind.  She could feel it.  She was
about to truly see something.  Her master would be proud, she hoped.  The
image of Priss in her mind softened a bit.  Her face lost its harshness,
her body its defensiveness.  She was truly beautiful, Linna realized, when
she wasn't hiding behind her rage.  It was a part of her, a fire burning
inside her.  Sometimes she was consumed by it, but there was more to her
than fire.  Light rushed across the image of Priss in Linna's mind, the
light of her courage, her hope, her desire for justice that so often
manifested only in the desire for revenge.  She saw the child that Priss
had been and the woman she might one day be.  For the first time in her
life, Linna truly knew awe.  

      For a moment, she felt lowly and ashamed in her presence, forgetting
entirely that Priss wasn't even there.  For a moment, Linna achieved all
her master had strove for years to teach her.  She truly saw the world as
it was.  It couldn't last.  If she had been alone, she would have seen
more things.  However, she did suddenly sense one last thing...

      However, she lost her trance when Celia shook her.  "Linna?  Hello?"

      Linna blinked and felt horribly dissappointed.  "Priss..."    

      "What about Priss?"

      "I've got this feeling like she's in danger..."

      Macky frowned.  "Maybe that's why she's not answering her pager."

******************************************************************************

     Nene had left the table to answer her pager.  Ryu looked at his
step-mother hopefully.  "So what do you think of Nene, mother?"

     Aeka smiled.  "She seems like a very nice girl."  

     Ryoko said, "Never thought a child of mine would marry a cop."

     Tenchi laughed.  "I never thought a child of mine would have spikey
hair either."

     Youshou said, "She comes from a noble line.  I owed them my life."
He paused.  "I couldn't save them when their time came, except for only
one..."

     Manami blinked.  "I haven't heard this story."

     "It is a long story.  Suffice it to say that centuries ago, Mikhail
Romanov saved me from being burnt at the stake as a witch.  Since then I
have done my best to aid them in their times of greatest need.  I was only
able to save one of them during the revolution.  Nene is descended from
Anastasia Romanova, the youngest daughter of the Czar."  He turned to Ryu.
"Do you trust her?  Enough to let her into all our secrets?"

      Ryu paused.  "We have a lot, don't we?"

      Ryoko said, "I think she can handle it."

      Manami said, "Grandfather Azusa will pitch a fit."

      Ryoko shrugged.  "That's his natural state.  She's royalty.  What
can he say to that?"

      "Many things,"  Aeka said.  "What do you think she'll do if she
learns you aren't human, Ryu?"

      "Hey, I'm PART human!"  Ryu said.  And part Juraiian, and part
uh...part Washuu-obaachan's species...what is she, anyway?

      Ryoko smiled.  "Hey, it didn't bother Tenchi at all to learn I
wasn't human."

      Aeka wondered briefly when Ryoko had gone and had her memories
edited.  "Yes, but Tenchi was part alien himself."

      Tenchi frowned slightly, "Please don't talk of me in the past tense
as if I wasn't here."

      Manami said, "She might not believe you're an alien if you do tell
her."

      Ryu grinned and levitated in his seat.  "I think I can PERSUADE
her."

      Tenchi laughed.  "Ryoko and Aeka didn't exactly have any trouble
persuading me, either."

      Ryu turned to his father, hopefully.  "So what do you think of her,
Dad?"

      "I think she has secrets too."

      Youshou nodded.  Ryu blinked.  "I..secrets?  What kind of secrets?"

      Ryoko nodded.  "I got that feeling too, but it isn't necessarily
something bad."

      Ryu frowned.  "I..uh..."

      Tenchi smiled.  "You have my blessing, son, but think of the
consequences carefully before you decide."

      Ryu nodded.  This would take some thought, not always his
strongpoint.  

**************************************************************************

      Nene said into the phone, "What is it, Celia?  I'm with Ryu and his
parents right now."

      Celia frowned.  "Why didn't you answer your pager sooner?"

      "I kept getting 'All Circuits are busy' for the last twenty minutes.
I've been TRYING."  Maybe some phone lines went down, Nene thought.

     Nene's pager started beeping again.  

     Celia sighed.  "Get on over here as soon as you can.  We have to make
plans. Someone tried to have me killed, I think."

     "As soon as I take care of this second call, I'm on the way."

     She hung up and dialed the second number, which she recognized as one
of the phones at the ADPolice communications department.  "Hello?"

     "Nene.  You live over in Hanno Apartments, right?"  Andrea asked.

     "Yes.  Why?"

     "Bad news.  We're getting reports of an angry boomer taking your
neighborhood apart."

     Nene blinked.  "WHAT?"

     "You're not at home, right?"

     "No, I'm out with Ryu and his parents...His father is married to TWO
women!  I could hardly believe it."

     For a moment, there was silence on the other end of the line.  "At
the same time?"

     Nene nodded, then realized Andrea couldn't HEAR her nodding.  "Yeah.
I've got to run...my poor apartment."

     Andrea said, "Whoah, don't go anywhere NEAR your apartment. I'll page
you when the Sabres...uh, WE stop the boomer."

     They both laughed.

***************************************************************************

     Priss could see Leon's apartment building ahead.  I can't BELIEVE I'm
doing this, she thought.  Whatever exactly I am doing.  She saw a little
park next to the apartment building.  A young couple were sitting in the
swing set there, holding hands.  It was so sweetly romantic that Priss had
to resist the compulsion to gag.  They both looked to be in their mid
twenties.  The man had short, neat black hair and was nicely dressed in
slacks and a blue button-up shirt.  The woman wore a nice blue sundress
that came down to her knees.  She caught Priss's attention, for her hair
was...unique in Priss' experience.  Her blonde hair wouldn't have been so
unusual, except it was bound up in two buns on her head, one on each side,
with a huge pony-tail trailing from each one.  Priss slowed down her
motorcycle and stared.  She was getting an odd tingly sensation, and it
was making her nervous.  

      Not as nervous as the explosion off in the distance.  Plus, now she
was getting this weird vibration in her leg.  She parked her cycle at the
edge of the park and listened, as well as checking her leg.  She found her
pager, which had somehow gotten set on vibration mode instead of making a
noise.  She sighed.  Celia's probably telling me about oncoming boomers...
She heard another closer explosion.  The man and woman got up from the
swing set and stared off towards the explosions.  "Is nowhere in this city
safe?"  the man said, frowning.

     Priss turned to them.  "Not as long as Mega-Tokyo grovels at Genom's
feet."  She tried to turn to go, but found herself staring into the
woman's eyes.  She had the most compassionate face that Priss had ever
seen.

     "You've lost people you cared about because of them."  It was a
statement, not a question.  "And now you want revenge."  She stepped a
little closer to Priss.  "If you hold on to your anger, it will consume
you."

     The man frowned slightly, for no apparent reason, but said nothing.
Priss frowned.  Who the hell IS this?  For a moment, Priss felt like she
had seen this woman somewhere.  

     The woman stared at Priss.  How did I know that, she wondered.  I
feel like I know her...but why?  

     Priss backed up slightly, almost afraid, but not sure why.  "I have
to go answer this page...umm...nice meeting you."  She wheeled her bike
over to the apartment garage.  I'll use the payphone by the front door.

     Back in the park, the man said to the woman, "She looked dangerous,
dear."

     "So does a guard dog, but it's only dangerous to those who deserve to
be threatened...I don't think she was going to try anything."  I hope, she
thought.  

     "We'd best go inside if there's boomers out there."

     The woman nodded and they headed back indoors.

**************************************************************************

     Macky said, "Boomer attack, sis."

     Celia frowned.  "Great.  Page Nene and Priss AGAIN."

     The phone rang.  Celia got it.  

     Priss said, "Sorry, Celia.  My pager got set to vibration mode.  I
think there's boomers around here too."

     Celia said, "Right.  We're on the way.  Assuming Nene ever shows up."

     "To the batcave?"  Macky asked.

     Celia said to Priss, "Wait for us.  We're coming.  Where exactly are
you?"

     Priss said, "Close to where Nene lives.  53rd Street and Yama Road."

     "We're on the way."  She turned to Macky.  "The Batcave?"

     Linna laughed.  "So where is Priss?"

     "Near where the boomer attack is happening, over on 53rd and Yama."

     Linna frowned.  I was right.

****************************************************************************

     Nene came out and bowed to everyone.  "I have to go. There's a boomer
attack near my apartment and..."

     Tenchi glanced over at Ryoko, who nodded.  "Ahh, your bosses calling
you?"

     "Well, I'm not on duty, but it IS my home and..."

     Ryu got up.  "I'll drive you wherever you need to go, Nene."

     "I'll be fine.  A friend is coming to pick me up."  Nene bowed again.
"It was very nice to meet all of you!  How long will you be in town?"

     "A few weeks at least, so I'm sure we'll see you again."

     Ryoko said, "Do you work tomorrow, Nene-chan?  I'd like to talk to
you."

     "I have tomorrow off.  How about in the afternoon?"

    "That would be great."

     Nene bowed again, then went over and hugged Ryu.

     Ryoko said, "What, no goodbye kiss?  I'm dissappointed."

     Tenchi laughed faintly, while Aeka turned to Ryoko.  "It's not polite
to kiss in public."

     "Whoever said I was polite?"  Ryoko said, grabbing Aeka and kissing
her.  Aeka almost fainted, while Ryoko laughed.

     Ryu laughed faintly and kissed Nene.  "I'll walk you out."

     They got up and left together, though Nene stared back at Ryoko as
they left.  Aeka blushed tremendously and was silent.

     Ryoko smiled.  "I'm off.  Make sure Ryu doesn't do anything crazier
than I would before you see me again."

     "In other words, let him do whatever he wants?"  Manami asked.

     Ryoko laughed.  "That's just about right."  She vanished.

**************************************************************************

     Priss hung up the phone and headed for the door.  Suddenly, a hand
touched her shoulder.  "Hi there!"

     Priss spun around.  "Oh, it's you, Leon."

     Leon smiled.  "What brings you to my neck of the woods?"

     "I was going to come kick your ass for fun, but I just got a call, so
I have to go."

     Leon nodded.  "There's a boomer attack in the area." He sighed.  "Are
you SURE you don't want to join the ADPolice so I won't have to work with
Mihoshi anymore?"

     Priss started heading outside.  "Not even if you get down and beg."

     Leon dropped to his knees and mock-grovelled.  "PLEEEEAAASSE?"

     Priss laughed.  "Save it for your boss, Leon."  She got onto her
bike.  An apartment building two blocks away blew up.  

     "I don't think it's gonna be safe to go into this, Priss,"  Leon
said.  He didn't expect her to listen. He wasn't even entirely serious.
He was used to her going into danger by now, but he still had to try.

     "Save the white knight routine for the populace.  See ya later!"

     "Are we still going dancing next Friday?"

     "Sounds like a plan to me!"  Priss roared off away from the
explosions, then starts circling the area, looking for the Silky Doll
truck.  Meanwhile, Leon waited for either the approaching boomer or
Mihoshi to find him first.  He was hoping it would be the boomer.

***************************************************************************

      Nene suited up while Linna sat idly and Celia played with the
computer.  "Sorry for the trouble.  Ryu wanted to wait with me for my
friends to pick me up."

      Celia nodded.  "Boomer activity is up, lately.  Something funny is
going on.  And in residential neighborhoods, too."

      Linna said, "And there's this Queen of Swords character."

     "Whatever she is."  Nene said.  "Where's Priss?"

     "In the thick of things, again."

     "Didn't this happen last time?"

      Celia said, "Linna isn't drunk, this time.  After we deal with this,
we need to discuss the other matter."

      Nene nodded.

**************************************************************************

     Mihoshi roared up in her battered car, further battering it as she
lightly struck a fire hydrant.  Leon could see the Boomer busily blowing
up buildings one by one.  Mihoshi said, "They're sending billions of
people! They were right behind me, but they got caught at a light."

      Leon sighed, then heard the sirens.  "Let's hope it doesn't go after
my apartment building. I'd kinda like to keep my stuff."

     "Why don't coffee making boomers or something EASY to deal with ever
go on a rampage?"  Mihoshi asked.

     "Just our luck, I guess."

     At that moment, something opened fire on the boomers from a nearby
rooftop.  It was the Knight Sabres.  Mihoshi applauded.  "How do you get
to be one of them?"

     Leon sighed.  "Who knows."

     "Battlesuits are fun, but I always start itching when I wear them,"
Mihoshi observed.  

     Leon thought about Mihoshi in a battlesuit and was suddenly very glad
they weren't standard issue for his department.  "Yeah."

     Sabre-green leapt at the boomer, grabbing its legs and tossing it
down to the road level.  Sabre-white and Sabre-blue opened fire on the
Boomer, which started to stagger, then fired back.  They scattered.
Sabre-pink hung back and observed.  

     Mihoshi said, "Ano, isn't someone on the roof over there?"  She
pointed onto the roof of Leon's apartment building.  Leon looked up.  

     A woman in a kimono, holding a blue energy sword stood there.  "It's
the Queen of Swords."

     "Ano?  The what?"

     The Queen of Swords started to fly forward, then a green streak
grabbed her.  She vanished.  Leon blinked.  "What the..."

     Mihoshi said, "Neat!  Teleportation is cool!"

     The Sabres soon brought down the boomer, just before the ADPolice
arrived, late as usual.  Leon ran over to the nearest vehicle.  "Another
good practice run, eh?"

     The driver laughed.  "Just the way I like it."

     The radio crackled to life.  "Terrorist boomer attack at Twelve Oaks.
Six boomers on the loose.  Sakhalin Liberation Army claims responsibility,
etc, etc."

     Leon swore.  "A diversion.  DAMNIT."

     The Sabres took off at high speed.

     The driver said, "Looks like they just got the news, too."

     "Here we go again."

***********************************************************************

     Meylia started in surprise.  She stared at the odd woman who floated
in front of her.  She has powers like mine, Meylia thought.  Or is she a
boomer? 

     Ryoko said, "Well, not exactly what I EXPECTED to find.  But we've
been looking for you too.  You're Meylia Stingray, right?"

     Meylia said hesitantly, "Yes.  Who are you?"

     Ryoko smiled.  "I'm your...ah...er...niece-in-law.  I'm married to
Tenchi.  Funaho did tell you who Tenchi is, right?"

     Meylia nodded.  "Hai."

     "So why'd you run off and not tell anyone where you were going?"

     "I couldn't wait.  I had to get some revenge on the people who killed
my son."  Her voice was faint.  "He should have never created those damn
things."

     "Well, you need to come see everyone.  Your father is very eager to
see you."

     "Father..."  her voice was faint.

     "You had some kind of fight, right?"

     "I ran away from home because he didn't seem to care if I lived or
died."  She sighed.  "He's all I have left, now.  And my grandchildren,
but I don't know where they are."

     Ryoko moved forward and said, "Well, if blowing up a few boomers
would help put you in the mood for a family reunion..."

     Meylia laughed.  "No.  I should go see Father.  It's been decades.
It's been too long.  I don't want to be alone anymore."

     Ryoko nodded.  "Let's go."  She grabbed Meylia and teleported away.

*****************************************************************************

     When the Sabres and the ADPolice arrived at the scene of the second
boomer attack, the whole neighborhood was a nightmare.  Buildings were on
fire, people were fleeing everywhere, and some sort of really strange
battle was raging.  Anything that wasn't nailed down was flying into the
air and hurling itself at the boomers, who were pouring every inch of
firepower they had into one of the apartment buildings.  It looked like a
tornado was in the area, almost.  

     Celia said to Nene.  "Can you figure out what's flinging all those
cars and doors and other things around?"

     Nene said quietly, "Nothing that shows up on my sensors."

     Linna frowned.  Priss said, "Maybe there's a poltergeist who doesn't
like boomers.  Let's go kick some butt."

     Celia said, "Be careful.  All those flying objects are going to make
this VERY dangerous."

     They all nodded.  "Knight Sabres, GO!"

     The ADPolice, meanwhile, began forming up and opening fire on the
boomers.   Two of the boomers peeled off and attacked the ADPolice and
another two moved to deal with the Sabres.  

     Priss went after the one on the left, while Linna took on the one on
the right.  Nene began trying to jam all outward transmissions so the
boomers couldn't call for help and Celia headed for the building to try to
figure out what the Boomers were attacking.  

      To her surprise, what she found was that two old people were busily
holding off the boomers.  One of them was a woman in her mid-sixties, with
long gray hair, dressed in a suit-dress, who was busily blazing away at
the boomers with an automatic weapon, while the other was a man of about
the same age, who had an 'I am fiercely concentrating' look on his face,
but no weaponry.  As the boomers fired away at the two, the bullets all
simply stopped short of the pair and fell to the ground.  A few seconds
later, three people in their mid-twenties ran out from the rubble.  Two
were girls with long black hair, the other a boy with short brown hair.
All three had green eyes.  One of them stared up at Celia, watching her.
The other two turned and stared at one of the boomers, which began to fold
in half backwards.  

      Celia shuddered slightly.  What the HELL is going on here?  She
turned and went after the other boomer, which seemed almost relieved to be
dealing with a knight sabre instead of...whatever these people were.

      Outside, Priss and Linna discovered these boomers were tougher than
they expected.  Linna said, "These things look like old outdated 12-Bs,
but they're a damn sight faster and stronger!"  She leapt, grabbed one,
and tossed it into the ground.  It got back up and tried to blast her with
its mouth cannon, but she easily avoided the shot.  "Not very bright
though."  The other boomer got hit instead.  

     Priss laughed.  "You know any boomers that ARE bright?"  She fired at
her target, blasting it full of lead, but it kept coming.  

     Down the street, Leon and Mihoshi hid behind Mihoshi's car and
watched the fighting.  As a car flew up and struck the boomer that was in
the process of folding in half, Mihoshi said, "Telekinesis."

     Leon blinked.  "What, you mean all this stuff flying around?"

     Mihoshi nodded.  "Yeah.  Must be more than one.  Most telekinetics
aren't this strong."

     Leon said, "You SERIOUSLY think there's a bunch of psychics behind
this?"

     "Well, it could be ghosts..."

     Leon groaned.

     Lt. Shinohara and Lt. Takahito deployed their heavy weapons squads
and blazed away.  As was her wont, Lt. Shinohara went after one of the
boomers herself, mano a mano.  Meanwhile, the other boomer toasted about
half of Takahito's squad before someone got a lucky hit right into its
mouth cannon, which malfunctioned and blew its head off. 

     Back inside the building, Celia flipped onto the boomer's back and
stabbed down into its head with her electro-knife.  The boomer jolted a
few times and 'died'. Suddenly, all of the sensors on her hardsuit went
dead.  "Can anyone hear me?"  she said into her radio, but no one could
hear her. "I've lost my sensors.  There must be a problem with the
insulation in my knife."

     Two cars smacked into the folding over boomer near her, killing it.
Unfortunately, Celia's hardsuit now turned towards the group of people
near her and opened fire.

     Seconds later, she was flung across the street into an adjacent
building.  She felt the impact but couldn't tell what was going on, though
she suspected her suit had been shooting at something since she could feel
the recoil.  

     Priss said, "Celia, what the HELL are you doing?"

     Nene said, "There's some kind of weird electrical field in her
suit...I think the boomer did something to her before it died."

     Linna tossed her opponent into the air, where a combination of
ADPolice fire and two cars crashed into it, ripping it apart.  "Right.
You think I should try to subdue your suit, Celia?"

     There was no reply.  "I guess her radio is out,"  Nene said.

     Celia's suit opened fire on her friends.

     Mihoshi peeked up from behind the car again.  "Ano, why is the white
Sabre firing at the other ones?"

     Leon looked up.  "..."  Probably this is all your fault somehow, he
thought.  "It must be a fake."

     The green and the white sabre began to grapple.  It was rapidly clear
that the green one had the upper hand. 

      Meanwhile, Lt. Shinohara got flung into a building by the boomer she
was grappling with, and her squad began firing at it.  Mihoshi turned to
Leon again, "Ano, why are we here?"

     "It's going to be our job to find out what the hell is really going
on here once this is over."

     "So I shouldn't shoot at the boomer?"

     Leon shrugged.  "Do whatever you want."

     Mihoshi popped up, fired off a shot, and fell down.  The boomer
turned and charged towards her and Leon.  Leon groaned and fled.  The
boomer kept coming, with the ADPolice squads continuing to fire at it.
Mihoshi screamed and ran, following Leon.  Right as the boomer reached
Mihoshi's car, a stray shot hit the gas tank and her car exploded in
flames, catching the boomer in the explosion.  It staggered and fell down,
gradually burning to death.

      "WAAAAHHH!!!!!!"  Mihoshi shouted.  "My CAR!!!"

      Nearby, Priss finished off her opponent and came to Linna's aid.  
Nene circled around to try to see what Celia had encountered inside the
building.  She thought she saw people, but then there was a bright flash
of light and they were gone.

      Priss said, "Nene, see if you can get over here and overload Celia's
suit or something so we don't have to rip her apart to get her to stop."

      Nene flew over and did so, then they withdrew.  "I thought I saw
some people, but they released a flare or something and left."

     "We'll worry about that once we figure out what happened to Celia,"
Priss said.  

******************************************************************************

     Meylia and Ryoko appeared in the Masaki family's hotel room.  "Hey,
guess who I just found!"  Ryoko said.

     Everyone looked up from their conversation.  Youshou and Meylia
stared at each other for a long time without saying anything.  Finally,
Ryoko said, "Did everyone just die on me or what?"

     Meylia said quietly, "Father."

     Youshou smiled.  "I have not seen you for 65 years, my daughter."  He
paused.  "I am sorry for whatever I did that made you run away."

     She ran over to him and began to cry, laying her head on his
shoulder.  "I've lost everything...everything I cared about.  My husband.
My son.  My grandchildren.  I don't know where they are."

     Youshou quietly hugged his daughter.  Ryoko patted Meylia on the
shoulder.  "Don't worry.  We'll find them and avenge the death of your
husband and your son.  That's why we're here."

     "What are your grandchildren's names, great-aunt Meylia?"  Ryu asked.

     "Celia and Macky.  Celia and Macky Stingray."

     Ryu and Manami blinked in unison.  Ryu said, "Hey, they're friends of
Nene's!  In fact, we've all gotten drunk together before over at Linna's
place."

     Aeka looked at Manami who quickly said, "I wasn't there."  Aeka was
visibly relieved.

     Ryu said, "Lemme go call Linna and see if she has Celia's phone
number.  I'm sure she'll be eager to see you."

     No one was home to answer the phone.  "Well, we can keep trying. I
left a message on her answering machine."

     Tenchi said, "Quite a bit of luck that you've met her."

     Ryu nodded.  "Well, it might not even be the right person, but I
think your luck is looking up, great-aunt Meylia."

     Meylia paused and shifted out of her battle garb into a more normal
blue dress.  "I certainly hope so."

**************************************************************************

     Leon and Mihoshi combed through the wreckage of the apartment.  There
wasn't much left of what looked like the focus of the attack.  The place
barely looked lived in, except for a six pack of coke in the refrigerator
and some peanut butter, some shirts  and pants in the closet, a few
million ramen takeout boxes in the garbage can, and a now-destroyed stereo
with the remains of an old Ayukawa Madoka cd from the late 1990s, an even
older Steve Miller band cd, and a slightly less old SMAP cd.  "Waaah!
What a waste of good music!"  Mihoshi said.  "Gunning down helpless CDs.
Truly a tragedy."

      Leon continued counting the days to Daley's return in his head and
said, "Well, I'm going to guess that some guy was staying here, but it's
hard to be sure.  No corpses, no blood."

      "Maybe the boomers were working for some rival ramen vendor than the
one he was using,"  Mihoshi said, picking through the garbage.

      Leon wondered if Mihoshi had sent her brain to the cleaners.  "Maybe
the boomers just couldn't stand the music he was playing."

     "But he has such good taste in music!"

     Leon quietly banged his head against the wall.  

     "Ano, do you need some asprin for that?"

     Only Leon's machismo protected him from the need to cry.

**************************************************************************

     Celia was out of her now dissassembled hardsuit.  She quietly picked
away at components with Nene's help, while Priss and Linna sat and
half-watched, half-talked.  Macky was busy with some other stuff.  "Genom
really wanted whoever lived there DAMN dead,"  Priss said.

     "They had forcefields or something similar.  I'm not surprised,"
Celia said.

     "They WHAT?"

     "They had some kind of forcefield that was stopping the boomers from
shooting them to tiny bits.  What was moving all the cars and debris, I
can't even begin to imagine,"  Celia said, hooking up the suit's arm to a
computer.

      "I'm surprised the Queen of Swords didn't turn up either time,"
Linna said.  

      "We still don't know what she is, either,"  Priss said.  "Hey,
Nene-chan, so what were Manami and Ryu's folks like?"

      "They're going to be in town a while if you'd like to meet them."
Nene said.  "I could hardly believe it...TWO wives."

      "What?"  Linna said.

      Nene nodded.  "They're like salt and pepper.  I could hardly BELIEVE
it.  At least now I know why Ryu and Manami are so different.  They each
take after their respective mothers a lot."

      Priss laughed.  "So Manami's mom is a shy retrothrash singer?"

      Everyone laughed at that, even Celia a little.  "Oh, don't mention
that to Manami's mom...Apparently she would blow her top if she knew."

      "What does Ryu's mom think of it?"

      "If she knew, I think she'd want to join Manami's band."  

      Everyone laughed again.

****************************************************************************

      Deep in the depths of a Genom Research Facility, two figures toiled
in the Boomer Morgue.  There was a flash of light and a roll of thunder.
One of the figures cackled. "It's alive!  It's alive!"  The other figure
clonked the first one in the head with a spare boomer arm.

      "Calm down, will you!  We can't afford to attract attention."

      The first figure laughed.  "Don't worry, daughter.  They won't find
you such easy prey this time."  I didn't go to all the trouble of a
transtemporal tachyon scan to read your brain patterns from before your
death just to let you get killed again, she thought.  Although it doesn't
seem to have quite worked perfectly.  Perhaps hitting people in the head
was always part of her personality.  She sighed.  Too bad I can't reach
back thousands of years to...Well, if wishes were horses, beggars would
ride and all that.

      The second figure shuddered.  "Are you sure it worked?"

      "It worked for you, didn't it?"  If not perfectly, she thought.  Why
do I always have violent children?  

      The third figure, the one on the table, sat up.  "NOOO!!!!!!!!!"
She blinked.  "Hey, where am I?"

      "In the village,"  the first figure said.

      The second one promptly clonked her on the head again.

***************************************************************************

      Priss floated in a formless void, surrounded by a kaliedscope of
light and darkness, a seething sea of chaos.  She hated it instantly.  The
whole place was just wrong.  Priss didn't like chaos unless she was the
one making it.  Things kept appearing and vanishing in the corner of her
vision.  Gently mocking voices drifted through the void, just below the
threshold of sound where she might have understood them.  What's keeping
me from falling?  she wondered.  Then she fell.

      It is hard to tell you are falling when you can't see a real up or
down, but Priss felt herself moving, a high wind billowing around her.
The tank top she wore in bed kept trying to blow up and flap around her
face, and for a moment, she was embarrased, then frustration took over.  

      Finally, Priss managed to get her shirt to behave, then realized the
reason for this was that she wasn't falling anymore.  In fact, she was
standing on some kind of stone platform.  Gradually, as the chaos faded
away, she saw stone walls around her, and a open archway leading to a
garden.  Before her, a diamond floated in the air.  At least, she thought
it was a diamond.  It could just as well been glass cut to resemble a
diamond.  It was one of the largest diamonds she had ever seen if it was
one.  It shined with a bright white light, and she could almost hear
music, as if the light could be heard as well as seen.  The scent of
flowers in the air seemed to be coming from the light as well.  It felt
like it was calling her.  She stepped forward, experiencing a very rare
emotion for her, awe.  

       As she drew closer, she could make out a figure standing on the
other side of the gem.  She could feel warmth from the shining 'diamond',
soothing away her pains and aches from the battle of the day before.  As
she drew closer, the diamond became blurry inside the increasingly bright
light.  Its shape began to change.  She still couldn't see the woman on
the other side.  The woman had something on her forehead which also shone
with a blazing light.  

     The diamond finished its transformation, becoming a tiny diamond
sword.  Priss stopped near it hesitantly.  It terrified her and she didn't
know why, but at the same time, she felt it was hers, that she SHOULD take
it.  And who is this woman staring at me?  She looks so familiar.  She
could see the woman's deep blue eyes now, could make out the golden
crescent moon upon her brow.  Her hair was blonde and gathered into two
spheres on the top like...the woman I ran into by Leon's house the other
day...is this her? Priss wondered.  

     She stared at the sword.  It's so beautiful, she thought, but far too
small to be used as a weapon...She reached out her hand to take it,
fighting back her fear.

     "It is not the size of your weapon, but the size of your heart that
matters,"  the woman said.  "And the courage with which you wield it.  You
have much courage, Priscilla Samantha Asagiri.  It is your greatest
weapon." 

     Priss froze.  "How did you know my name?"

     "How could I not know my own daughter?  The crystal waits for you to
take it up and weild it in the cause of justice.  This is but a  dream,
but the crystal is real, is reality itself.  It waits for you in
subspace.  As do I."

     The light began to fade, the castle to dissolve away.  Priss
struggled to keep from crying and shouting and crumbling away at the same
time.  "But...my mother is DEAD!"

     "I never said I was alive, but I wait for you.  You must come and set
your sister free...Farewell, until we meet again."

     Priss tried to rush forward.  This had to be some kind of trick,
deception.  My mother is dead!  No...mommy, don't LEAVE ME!!!!!!!

     The world dissolved away into chaos, and Priss woke up in her bed,
hearing cats meowing outside her window.  She opened her window and tossed
an old beer can at them.  The two cats scampered away, dodging the can.
She frowned.  What an entirely screwed up dream.  

     She turned to go to bed, then realized all the aches and pains she
SHOULD have had from the previous night's battle were completely gone.
She wasn't able to sleep for the rest of the night.


****************************************************************************


















Circa 9,900 BC
Not on this Earth

       Wasyuu watched quietly as Angacil's relatives took him and their
baby away.  He looked helplessly back at her as his relatives carried
their son Annadil, 'beloved gift' onto their ship, Mordil.  Annadil had
his father's blond curly hair, while his skin was somewhere between his
father's dark olive coloration and his mother's pale peach skin. 

     Wasyuu would have cried, but she'd already cried so much that her
tear glands had dried up.  She could have destroyed them, but then that
would have meant war.  A war she could not win.  A war in which her allies
could not fight by her side, for the law was on the side of her enemies.  

     She turned silently and left.  To watch would only bring more pain,
and she had had enough of pain.  Never again, she swore.  Never again.

     The pain was not yet over.  Two days later, the news announced that
the Mordil had been destroyed with all hands on board on its way to the
capital world of the Mithlothian Empire.  Wasyuu cried herself sick when
she heard the news, until a holomessage came through.  It was short.  The
image was a crudely rendered picture of Walyn, the voice sounded like a
bad effort to mimic his voice.  "I told you I would have my revenge.  This
is only the beginning."

***************************************************************************

Chapter 6:  Princesses.

***************************************************************************

     Celia's phone rang.  She picked it up.  "Silky Doll, manager
speaking."

      It was Fargo at the other end of the line.  "I may have a little
surprise for you at our date at Chez Kino tonight at eight."

      She laughed faintly.  Fargo never gives up, she thought.  I wonder
which information this is.  "I'll be there."

      Fargo hung up.  Celia got up and stretched.  Maybe I'll even dress
up, just to make him wonder.  She laughed faintly.  Me, flirting?  I must
be going mad in my old age.

****************************************************************************


     Priss sat quietly in the park, watching children on the swingset.
She had brought Sho to the park from the orphanage.  She wished again
she could have found him a good home.  For a while, she'd thought about
adopting him herself, but she didn't feel like she was cut out for
motherhood.  Not yet, anyway.  Besides, if I got myself killed, he'd just
be right back where he started.  

      She didn't know what to do with herself tonight.  The band had
already practiced, and Celia was still trying to collect information on
her would-be assassin.  Right now, Sho was playing with some children
on the swingset.  "Oneechan!  Come give me a push."  She laughed and got
up and went over to him.

      "Here we go!"  She began pushing him, back and forth, harder and
harder.  He swung very high, laughing all the way.  She finally stepped
back and got out of the way.  

      The young girl on the swing next to him said, "Can you push me too,
oneechan?"

      Priss laughed.  "Sure thing, kid."  She began pushing the swing, a
little more gently than with the boy.  "How high do you want to go?"

      "I want to fly to the stars!"

      "Doesn't everyone?"  Priss pushed harder.  The girl's blue hair
caught her attention.  Wow, kids are dying their hair early these days.
Then again, I used to imagine I had a little friend with blue hair. This
kid looks a lot like how I imagined Maggie to be, Priss thought.  I
haven't thought about Maggie in years.  

       Priss sank into a bit of a fugue, lost in thought about her old
imaginary friend, her arms working to push the swing without conscious
thought.  She probably would have still been there, pushing the swing,
when the sun went down if she hadn't been snapped out of her reverie by
the sounds of children screaming.  

       For a few seconds, she thought she must be hallucinating, but then
she spotted the source of the trouble.  It was a 45-L, 'Hair Care
Professional Boomer'.  They were used in the 24-hour barbershops that had
sprung up in the last few years as traditional work hours further ceased
to have much hold on the population at large.  Unfortunately, the entire
line had one major problem.  Being cheaply made, their boomer minds needed
to shut down periodically as they tended to rapidly accumulate bad sectors
and other imbalances in their 'minds' if operated for too long at a time.
More than a 12 hour shift caused an increasing risk of mental dysfunction.
While rampaging combat boomers made the headlines, it was the beserkergang
of the much more common L series boomers that gave the ADPolice most of
its business.  While the ADPolice had a bad reputation, in dealing with L
series boomers, they were quick and efficient, limited mainly by numbers
in their ability to make a rapid response.

      Unfortunately, this wasn't much help to Priss right now when a
boomer with multiple scissors and razor attachments was running wild
through the park with her.  Right now, it was shaving some poor girl's
head, but the man lying halfway across the park trying to bind his arm
with his dinner jacket was evidence that things could get much worse.

      The boomer itself looked like a rampaging mannikin.  It looked like
an effort by a ten year old to model a human form, with a blocky torso,
legs, and arms.  It was dressed in a hawaiian shirt and knee-length pants,
unneeded for decency, but giving it a softer and less dangerous look.  It
had actually articulated hands, but its hands were disproportionately
large so as to contain various scissors, razors, hot water dispensers and
other tools of its trade.  It was horrendously out of date, and looked
somewhat battered and in need of a tuneup.

      Priss directed a swift curse at whatever idiot had left this thing
unmaintained along with the idiot who bought it in the first place.  She
pulled out her knife.  Celia's going to tell me I was an idiot, but I
can't let this damn beast kill these kids.  

      Sho leaped off the swing and started throwing rocks at the boomer.
"You damn monster, go home!"

      Priss resolved to be more careful about swearing in front of
children and charged forward.  "Yo, shave and a haircut boy!"  She hurled
a rock to help get its attention.

      It ignored her and finished shaving off the hair of the poor little
red haired girl it was holding.  Priss spent a few seconds trying to
figure out the best place to stab the thing, then stuck her knife into its
left hand, hoping to wreck the circuitry for controlling the hand.

      Unfortunately, the boomer began to move as she stabbed it, and the
blow only succeeded in cutting a small gash in its 'skin'.  It backhanded
her, sending her sprawling.  It was strong, but not more than a fairly
strong human, which gave Priss hope she could take this thing without
getting herself killed.  "Everyone, get the hell out of here!"  she
shouted.  

      Most of the kids took her advice.  Two of them, however, did not.
Sho kept throwing rocks at the boomer.  The little blue haired girl didn't
run either, though she did vault out of the swing she was on and started
digging in her pockets for something.  Priss tried to grab the boomer's
left arm, while standing on its left, hoping to keep the bulk of its body
between her and the right arm.  

       Unfortunately, she had forgotten for a moment that she wasn't in
her hardsuit.  The boomer easily dragged her around and pinned her.  She
would have been humiliated if she hadn't been getting increasingly angry.

      She heard someone shouting something, but she couldn't quite
understand what, then a bright cascade of light washed over the area,
living Priss blinded for a few seconds.  She heard the boomer saying
something like, "Ahh, you'd like a buzz cut, Miss?  Must be entering the
army..."

      She futilely kicked the boomer in what would have been his groin, if
he wasn't a robot.  At least I already wear a wig on stage, she thought,
then kicked herself for trying to look on the bright side of things.  

     Priss heard some kid yelling something about princesses and kicks.  A
multi-colored blur moved in front of her, then the boomer suddenly let go
of her and staggered backwards.  Priss looked around and saw a blue haired
girl, her hair tied up in two ponytails that seemed to erupt upwards out
of the side of her head, then cascade down, standing nearby.  There was a
red flower in her hair by each pony-tail, and she wore an elaborate red
and yellow outfit with a red 'jacket' top and a short yellow skirt.  In
her right hand, she clutched a two foot long wand with a large red heart
at one end, fixed in a yellow frame.  

      The boomer looked at the girl and cocked its head.  "Your hair is in
violation of code 359 of the local School District code.  Please remove
it.  You have fifteen seconds to comply."

      Priss took those fifteen seconds to turn and finally stab the boomer
in the wrist.  She took a nasty jolt and went flying.  Damn me for a fool,
she thought.  I'm not insulated in this outfit.  Her brain then caught up
with what she had seen before.  What kinda crazy outfit is that kid
wearing?  Must be some anime fan kid.  Probably thinks her toy has real
powers.  

      The boomer charged the girl, who leapt fifteen feet straight up into
the air, landed on a treebranch, then jumped down as the boomer ran
through the spot where she HAD been and clonked the boomer on the head
with her wand.  It fell down.

      Priss blinked.  I must be dying and imagining this as I die.  The
boomer got back up and charged the girl again.  She lithely dodged and
tripped it.  Sho shouted, "Kick its ass!"

      How can that kid move so fast, Priss wondered.  Is she cybered or
something?  Maybe she's some kind of crazy combat boomer...Well, she's on
my side, that's all that matters for now.  Priss looked around for
something heavy she could use as a weapon, since her knife was still stuck
in the boomer.  "Sho, get out of here!"  she yelled.

     "I can't leave you, oneechan!"

     "Then make sure you stay out of the way!"  Priss grabbed a treebranch
and moved forward.  She smacked the boomer in the head.  

     It turned and popped out a razor.  "Shave for you sir?"  She swore
and backpedalled.  
 
      What I wouldn't give for my hardsuit, she thought.  "Damn thing, if
I was properly armed, I'd..."  It moved faster than she thought possible,
its razor aimed for her cheek.  

      Before she could scream, she felt arms wrapped around her waist, and
suddenly, she was airborne.  About a second later, she was up in a tree
with the crazy blue haired girl.  "Who the hell ARE you?"  Priss asked.

      "You're welcome," the girl said, smiling.  "I'm Magical Princess
Pretty Sammi!  But you used to know me as Maggie."

      I am going insane, Priss thought.  It killed me and these are my
last delusions as I die.  "Maggie was imaginary!"

      "No I wasn't!  I'm as real as you.  You think you got up in this
tree on your own?"

      Priss looked down.  She was at least twenty feet up in the air.  The
boomer was trying to cut the hair of a statue in the fountain nearby.  "I
could be imagining I'm up in the tree."

      "Your entire life could just be your imagination!  We don't have
time for solipsism!  Your friend's life is in danger!"  Sammi shook Priss.
"Stop running from reality!  I'm as real as you, and I need your help to
stop this thing!"

      Priss decided to worry about hallucinations later...deep thought
wasn't her thing anyway.  "I can't hurt this damn thing without a decent
weapon.  If only I had my..."

      "Your hardsuit?"

      Priss stared at the girl.  "How the hell did you..."

      The girl traced an arc on Priss' forehead with a finger.  "There is
power within you.  Your hardsuit is not available, but it is.  I can
unlock it, but..."

      Priss looked down and saw the boomer was almost 'done' with the
statue.  Sho still hadn't run to safety, either.  "Sho, GET THE HELL OUT
OF HERE!"

      "No, I can't leave you!"  Sho started running over to the tree.

      Priss swore.  Damn kid takes after me too much.  "You say you can
give me the power to stop this thing?"  I must be crazy taking this
seriously, but I'm never gonna stop this boomer with my bare hands.

      "Yes, but there's a price."

      Priss looked down.  The boomer was looking for a new 'customer'.  "I
don't fucking care!  I can't let this damn hunk of junk hurt Sho!"

      Sammi smiled.  "You have a brave and loving heart."  She touched
Priss' forehead with her wand and the heart began to glow.  Priss felt her
forehead growing warm as the girl traced an arc, the bottom half of a
circle across her forehead.  "Now say the words that come into your mind."

      Priss' mind spun.  Memories of her recent dream flitted through her
mind, the crystal sword in the fortress and the woman who had called her
daughter.  Words spun and danced through her mind.  Finally, a memory
stabilized.  Herself on her bike, gun in hand, preparing to revenge her
boyfriend's death.  A red Mercedes Benz pulling up and a woman stepping
out of it.  She was tall, with nice clothing and short dark hair.  She had
looked at Priss as if she had known Priss forever and said, "Will you
entrust me with that burning heart of yours?"  On that day, Priss had
stepped off of the path to self-destruction, and onto a new path.  A
warrior's path.  She finally understood why she had trusted the woman, why
she had followed Celia Stingray away from the road of the vengeance that
is as much upon oneself as others to a better way.  Words formed in her
mind now, and she gave them voice.  "BURNING HEART POWER!!!!"  

       Light erupted from Priss' forehead and rushed across her body,
which now floated, transfixed in the air above the tree branch.  The
whirling energies around her sent tree branches flying everywhere, as her
clothing tore itself apart and reformed into a dark black outfit, rather
similar to her stage costume, though without the blond wig.  There were a
few differences.  Priss didn't normally wear a golden tiara with a blue
gem set in it on stage, for one thing.  She could almost feel power
coursing through her veins, but she wasn't sure how to use it.  

      "Now what?"

      Sammi pulled a short rod out of...somewhere.  Priss quickly saw that
it rather resembled a carved wooden sword hilt.  "Take this, your rightful
weapon,"  Sammi said.

      She took it.  She could see Sho trying to climb the tree.  The
boomer had spotted him and was rushing over.  "How the hell do I USE it?"

      Suddenly, a blue blade of energy erupted from the end of the hilt.
"Right."  Priss said, cutting off Sammi as she started to say something.
"DIE!"

      She leaped down at the oncoming boomer, aiming a blow down at its
head.  The sword cut right through the boomer, meeting no resistance
whatsoever.  It fell into two neatly severed halves, which ceased to move.  

      Priss concluded that hallucination or not, she LIKED this.  Sho ran
over to Priss.  "Wow, oneechan! I didn't know you were a superhero!"

      Priss laughed.  "Me neither.  Don't tell anyone, okay?"

      "I promise!"

      Sammi jumped down to Priss.  "Good job!"

      "I can hardly believe this is real..."  Priss said.  She could hear
the ADPolice sirens in the distance.  "How do I turn back to normal?  And
what was that you said about a price?"

      "All you have to do is concentrate."  Sammi shimmered and her
clothing changed back to normal.  Maggie smiled.  "Like that."

      Priss focused on what she was wearing before and swiftly reverted to
normal.  The sword hilt, however, remained.  "Who...Who are you really?"

      Maggie smiled.  "Let's take your friend home, then we can talk
properly."
  
      They left just in time to miss the ADPolice.
     
*************************************************************************

      After getting off of work, Nene walked up the steps to her
apartment. To her surprise, the door was ajar.  She tensed.  Could be a
burglar.  She could hear her TV playing inside and she KNEW she hadn't
left that on.  Good thing Lt. Yamano has us carrying guns all the time
now, she thought. She got out her pistol.  She heard the familiar theme
music of Magical Princess Evangelia playing.

     She kicked the door open and charged in, pistol ready, right as the
TV started to play an ad.  "Come see Aino Minako, seiyuu for Princess
Rei, at the Northridge Mall this saturday from 9-12!  She'll be
signing autographs and some lucky fan will get the complete Aino Minako
Video collection. That's right, the entire runs of Sailor V, Dread Space
Pirate Bailesu, Dragon Ball PDQ, Hime-chan no Anvil, Dirty Pair
Ultrakawaii Flash, and The first three seasons of Magical Princess
Evangelia!"

     Ryoko was sitting in Nene's nice new lounge chair, eating chips and
drinking Dr. Pepper.  "Hiya, Nene-chan!  Nice gun you have there."

     Nene blinked. "How...uh...how did you get in?"

     Ryoko smiled.  "You left the door unlocked.  I LOVE this chair!"  She
wiggled a bit.  "It's soooo comfy.  Nice TV too."

     "You didn't mess with the VCR did you?"

     "What, that primitive thing?  Naah."

     Nene gave a sigh of relief.  Good, I'll have this episode on tape.
She's eating up all my snack food!  Oh well, I was planning to give her
some of that, anyway.  She sat down on one of her other chairs.  "You
watch this often?"

     "Never seen it before, but it looks fun.  So you're a big animation
fan?"

     Nene laughed.  "The only reason I won't be down at the mall on
Saturday is that I already HAVE her autograph and the complete collection
of her stuff."

     "My son likes this stuff too.  I'm too busy to ever keep up with it,"
Ryoko said.

     "I understand you work for the government?"

     Ryoko got up.  "You could say that."  She walked over and put away
the food and the Dr. Pepper.  "I've sort of come up in the world."

     Nene said, "You can have more if you like."

     Ryoko smiled.  "We're gonna go to this little place I found this
morning so we can talk. I shouldn't spoil my appetite."  

     Nene nodded.  "What's it like?"

     Ryoko laughed.  "You'll see.  First we're stopping by this other
place..."

****************************************************************************

     Sammi and Priss stopped at an ice cream parlor after dropping off Sho
back at the orphanage.  Sammi got a really huge ice cream cone with three
scoops, while Priss got a simple strawberry ice cream cone.  "So...what
are you?  You haven't aged a whit since I last saw you and I was
what...nine then?"

     Sammi said, "Wh...oh yes.  I wanted to make sure you could recognize
me.  I can appear older...in fact, I usually do."  The way she was
munching on her ice cream seemed to deny that, though.

     "But what are you?"

     "I am a manifestation of what you might call a starship, named
Tsunami.  I am also a manifestation of Princess Sasami of the Juraiian
Empire.  In other words, I am from outer space."

     Priss blinked.  "You're an alien?  But you look human."

     "My people once came from Earth, so this is to be expected."

     Priss raised an eyebrow.  "What, this world was colonized by ancient
astronauts or something?"

     "More the reverse.  Humanity originated here, but long ago, before
recorded history, some humans fled this world during a disaster that is
remembered dimly in many legends of your world."  Tsunami munched on her
ice cream some more.

      Priss ate her ice cream quietly, her head spinning.  Celia's never
gonna believe any of this.  I bet Nene will eat it all up.  "So you gave
me powers with your alien technology?"

      Tsunami shook her head.  "No, the power was already within you."

      "I...I'm an alien?"  If she tells me my parents were really from
another planet...

      "I didn't say that.  Although you were born on the moon, if you are
who I think you are.  You're as human as anyone else, but you were born
with a special gift because of your bloodline.  You have a sister out
there too, although you've never met."

      "A sister?  I'm an only child!"

      "An adopted only child."

      Priss paused and thought.  "Good point...so who were my real
parents?"

      Tsunami took a deep breath.  "It all starts a very long time ago..."
I just hope this doesn't freak her out.

      Naturally, of course, it did.
     
****************************************************************************

     Nene soaked in the nice hot water at the bathhouse.  "Oooh, this
feels so good."  She looked over at Ryoko, who had a figure she thought
was about twenty times better than her.  "How can someone your age look so
good?"

     Ryoko laughed.  "Oil of Olay."
     They both laughed.  "So where are we going next?  And why come here
first?"

     "Well, I wanted to see you naked, for one thing, and..."  Ryoko
began.

     Nene blinked. "WHAT?"

     "Not like that!  I AM married, you know.  Besides, I'm sure Ryu has
seen it all before, and I am his mother so..."

     "What kinda CRAZY logic is that?"  Ryu's mom must be insane, Nene
thought.  She blushed.

     "He HAS seen you like this, right?"  I'm going to be very
disappointed if he hasn't, she thought.

     Nene blushed more.  "Uh, well, we..."

     Ryoko smiled.  "Good!  I was afraid the boy was starting to give up
after that...maybe I shouldn't mention that...naaah, you HAVE to hear
this..."

     Nene said, "I think Ryu would have told me if he wanted me to know."

     Ryoko pouted for a few seconds.  "Well, I wanted to see if you met
the minimum physical standards.  You passed.  With a little work, you
might be almost as good looking as me."  She winked.

     "Uh, thanks, I think."

     "There's another reason I brought you here as well."

     "What?"  Now Nene was kind of nervous.

     "We'll get to that in a minute."  Her voice went from its usual
playful tone to a very serious one.  "How much do you love my son,
Nene-chan?"

      Nene blushed some more and turned her head away from Ryoko, only to
somehow find Ryoko was now sitting on the OTHER side of her.  She started.
"I...uhy...I mean..."

     "Don't be shy.  I won't kill you if you give me the wrong answer."

     This was perhaps not the best way to calm Nene's fears.  "I
just...why are you asking me this?"

     Ryoko's voice got very serious.  "Because my son loves you very much.
Like me, he really totally throws himself into his relationships.  He
needs someone who can give him as much love as he gives her."

     Nene nodded.  "Yeah.  He tells me all the time how special I am, and
how beautiful and smart and fun to be with.  It's almost...scary
sometimes.  I just...It seems so right to be with him.  So natural.  I've
never had a relationship this close before.  I don't know what to do..."
She stared at herself.  "I guess that's probably not quite what you wanted
to hear."

     "Love is scary, isn't it?"  Ryoko's voice had softened.

     "And I feel so bad because he tells me everything that's going on
with him and there's things I just can't tell him, and then I feel
guilty."

     "Because you're one of the Knight Sabres,"  Ryoko said casually.

     "Yeah.  I'd get my head bit off by..."  Nene blinked.  "I...uh...what
gave you that crazy idea?"

     "I saw you get into a truck, then the four Knight Sabres came flying
out of it later."  Ryoko said cheerfully.  "Seems like pretty good
evidence to me."

     Nene boggled.  Celia's gonna eat my brain.  She thanked
God that no one else was in the place today.  "I...you..."

     "I haven't told anyone...yet.  I wanted to talk to you first."  She
paused.  

     Nene turned away again only to find Ryoko was STILL in front of her.
"I had good reason to keep quiet."

     "I'm sure you did.  I'm not angry about it.  Our family has many
secrets."  She turned slightly so she wasn't staring directly at Nene.
"It's my duty to determine how soon we can tell them to you, you see.  I
like you, Nene, and I trust my son's judgement.  I wish I had more time to
get to know you before I make my decision, but events are rushing along
quickly."  

     Nene said, "Wh...what kind of events?"  Her head was spinning.

    "Someone has been killing off one branch of our family over the
years, and we're trying to figure out who and why.  One of Youshou's
daughters was almost killed by the GENOM corporation, and we think her
grandchildren are probably in danger.  Ryu thinks you know where they are.
Do you know a Celia Stingray or a Macky Stingray, Nene?"

     Nene blinked.  "Yes."  I shouldn't have said that, she thought.
Celia will kill me.  She's RYU's mother!  She can't be bad, the other part
of her brain said.  Nene paused.  "Wait, you said one of Youshou's
daughters is Celia's grandmother?  That means Celia and Ryu are...second
cousins?"

     Ryoko stared off into space for a moment.  "Yes.  I think that's
about right.  So if you marry Ryu, you and Celia will be
second-cousins-in-law."

     Nene spent a minute or two boggling.  "I can hardly imagine them to
be even THAT closely related."  She blinked.  "I...So Celia's grandmother
IS alive?"

     "She's alive and well and staying in our hotel room."

     Nene turned to Ryoko.  "I...Is she the Queen of Swords?"

     Ryoko nodded.  "Yes."

     "I...what...HOW DOES SHE DO ALL THAT STUFF?"

     Ryoko said, "Her father is from another planet."

     Nene blinked.  "Youshou is an ALIEN?"

     "So am I and Aeka."  Ryoko smiled faintly.  "Welcome to the family
secret.  Well, ONE of them."

     "I..you..."

     Ryoko shrugged.  "It would have come out sooner or later."  She
levitated into the air.  "Just in case you thought I was kidding..."

     Nene quietly fainted.

***************************************************************************

     Priss stared at the remains of her ice cream.  Could it all be true?
Could I really be some kind of princess from a kingdom on the moon 25,000
years ago?  It sounds like neo-pagan mystic bullshit...but what happened
to me a little while ago was real.  I can almost feel the power in me now.
She fiddled with the sword hilt.  "So...now what happens?"  If I try to
talk to any of my friends about this, they'll think I'm nuts.

      "Well, I can help you learn to use your new abilities.  Also, you
need to meet the rest of us here...although you already know a few people
of Juraiian descent."

      Priss boggled.  "I do?  There's a lot of you here?"

      "Your student Manami, for one thing.  And her half-brother Ryu."

      Priss boggled more.  "Nene's dating an ALIEN?"

***************************************************************************

     Nene woke up in her apartment, in bed, wearing her pajamas.  For a
moment, she thought she had dreamed the whole thing, then she saw Ryoko
sitting on the bed next to her.  "Before you ask, I wasn't joking.  Your
friend Celia is descended from aliens, and so is Ryu.  Tenchi grew up on
Earth, but he's also descended from Youshou, who is half human and
half-Juraiian.  Aeka is also from Jurai, and I'm well...I'm special."

     Nene shivered slightly.  "I...why are you all here?"

     "Youshou loves this world, and so do we.  It's a long story...You
want to talk here, or shall we go eat and I'll tell you over dinner?"

     Nene wasn't sure what to say.  "Food would be good."

     She got up and got dressed.  "How did you get me home before I woke
up?"

     Ryoko teleported across the room to demonstrate as she said, "Like
this, but farther."

     Nene ALMOST fainted again.  

***************************************************************************

     It took a very long time for Ryoko to explain everything. Nene's
brain struggled to not explode into tiny little shards.  Finally, Ryoko
said, "Any questions?"

     Nene picked at her dinner and thought carefully.  "So you're all
royalty..."  She felt very small and inferior.

     "If you start calling me Princess, I'll kill you,"  Ryoko said
cheerily.  "Hey, don't feel bad.  I was criminal scum before I met Tenchi.
Ryu loves you because you're you.  I didn't tell you all this to brag.  I
decided I trusted you enough to tell you.  It may turn out to be a
mistake, but once I make up my mind to do something, I do it.  Besides,
you're at least as royal as I am, if not more."

     "What, you mean..."

     Ryoko laughed.  "Youshou did a little checking up.  Technically, you
ARE the heir to the Russian throne."

     Nene blinked. "I really am descended from Anastasia Romanov?"

     "Youshou's the one who got her out of Russia back in 1918."  Ryoko
wolfed down the last of her dinner and signalled the waitress, then
ordered more food.

     "He...but that was over a hundred years ago!"

     "Didn't you hear me earlier?  I came to Earth 700 years ago. I was
BORN thousands of years ago.  A lot of us live a very, very long time."
She laughed.  "Azusa's been bugging us to find Ryu a royal bride.  I think
he's going to have a heart attack on this one."

     Nene laughed.  "Well, this is all...so surprising.  So...When do I
get to ride in a spaceship?"

     Ryoko laughed.  "Finish your dinner FIRST."

     "Yes, Mother,"  Nene teased.  
 
     Ryoko laughed heartily.  "Call me Mom.  Aeka is Mother.  I'm Mom."

     "I...why did you kiss her at dinner last night?"

     "Because that sort of thing REALLY drives her crazy."  Ryoko winked
at Nene.  "She's so much fun to tease because she blows her top so
easily."  

     By the time dinner was over, Nene had come to accept that her life
had just become weirder than she had ever imagined.  She was still working
on accepting the weirdness itself.

***************************************************************************

     Tsunami could see Priss had reached the level where further
revelations could only boggle her.  "Do you have anything you have to do
tonight?  There are some people you might want to meet who can help you.
Or I can come talk to you again tomorrow."

     "I...I think I need to be alone for a while.  Or maybe to go talk to
some of my friends...I could use a nice long ride."  Priss finished her
ice cream.

      "All right.  If you need me, you can use the sword to send a message
to me.  Just focus on it and think of my name.  I'll call you later and we
can set up our next meeting."  She bounced off through the door.  

      Priss stared.  I haven't had my mind blown this thoroughly in a long
time, she thought.  She got up and left, not realizing a woman in a dark
green suit with reddish eyes was watching her.

***************************************************************************

     Nene and Ryoko appeared on the command deck of Ryo-oh-ki.  Nene
looked around. It was the strangest place she'd ever seen, with odd black
spindle-shaped crystals floating everywhere.  A huge viewscreen overhead
showed the Earth, floating in space.  

     "We...We're in orbit."

     Ryoko nodded.  "Ryo-oh-ki, this is Her Imperial Highness, Romanova
Nene, Tsarevna of Russia in Exile."

     Nene laughed.  "Just call me Nene-chan."  She looked around.  "Who
are you talking to?"
    
     "My ship."

     Odd small brown furry rabbit like faces appeared on the black
floating crystals and a resounding 'MEW' echoed through the ship.

     "Ryo-oh-ki says hello.  Ryo-oh-ki, hail Tsunami."

     "Tsunami?"

     "Tsunami is Princess Sasami's ship.  She'll be wanting to meet you,
too.  She's been up here in orbit monitoring things for us.  Sasami is
Aeka's sister."

      A tall woman appeared on the deck.  She was beautiful with a blue
tatoo on her forehead and long blue hair.  Dressed in a formal
kimono, she looked to be a little older than Celia, perhaps in her
mid-twenties.  Regally walking over to Nene, she said, "I am Princess
Sasami.  It is a great pleasure to finally meet you, Princess Nene."

      Nene blushed.  "Please, just call me Nene-chan."

      "And you can call me Sasami-chan."  

      Ryoko laughed.  "You're starting to sound like mom, Sasami."

      Sasami winked.  "Maybe I've been your mom all along."

      Nene laughed.  "This is all so much like a dream."

      "Your old life was a dream.  This is the waking.  Yet, this too is
another dream, though a higher one."  Sasami said.

      Before she could continue, Ryoko said, "Don't confuse her more with
all that mystical stuff.  Did you find that person you were looking for
yet?"

      Sasami nodded.  "Yes, I did.  She has been awakened.  This will be
very hard for her.  But enough of that.  I guess this is your first time
in space, Nene?"

      "I never thought I'd really be in space..."  She stared out at the
stars.  "They're so beautiful."

      Sasami smiled. "There's people living around those.  You'll get to
visit them some day."

     "That would be nice."

     Ryoko said, "Hey, I know something we can do for fun!  Let's go stage
a UFO sighting!"

     Sasami laughed.  "And dress up as Elvis?"

     Nene laughed.  "Roswell, New Mexico, here we come?"

     "Right!  Here we GO!"  Ryoko turned to one of the crystals.  "Set a
course for Roswell, New Mexico!" She paused, then turned to Nene.  "Where
on the Earth is that?"

     Roswell and a few JDF bases never did quite figure out what REALLY
happened that evening.

****************************************************************************

     Manami walked quietly through the park with her father.  "Where is
Mother?"

     "She and grandpa are off talking to some of his distant descendants.
I wanted to take the chance to spend some time with you.  I'm so busy, I
hardly get to talk to my own children."  He sighed.  "I haven't been able
to be a very good father."

     "You've been a wonderful father, father."  The park was part of the
Tokyo University Campus.  Before 2025, there had been three classroom
buildings here, but they had been destroyed by the Kanto Quake.  Now the
basement of one of them was a pond, the reconstructed ground floor of a
second one was a recreation center for the university, and the third one
was completely demolished.  Trees and grass flourished here, despite the
pollution, and dozens of students were scattered across the park, enjoying
its peace and quiet and beauty.

      "Are you happy here, Manami?"  Tenchi asked, picking up a stone and
looking out across the pond.

     "Yes, Father.  I've really enjoyed being here much more than I had
expected.  I've made a lot of friends and many good memories.  I..."  She
hesitated.  "I almost wish I didn't have to leave in a few years."

      Tenchi tried to skip the rock across the water.  It sank.  "This is
a really nice university, even with all the damage we did to it when Ryoko
and Aeka and I were here.  I knew you'd like it."  He picked up another
rock, but it sank instead of skipping too.  

      Manami watched quietly.  "What are you trying to do, father?"

      "I'm trying to remember how to do this so I can teach it to you
before I forget."  He concentrated and threw another rock. It skipped
once, then sank.  "I haven't done this in decades, I think."  He sighed.
"I haven't had a decent bowl of Ramen in decades either.  Jurai is very
advanced in some things...but not everything."

      "Our world sets the standard for galactic high culture,"  Manami
began.

      Tenchi laughed.  "You sound like a tourist brochure."  He threw
another rock.  It sank...like a rock, amazingly enough.  

      Manami blushed faintly.  "Sorry, father."  She watched him sink
three more rocks.  "Why don't you use your powers to help you?"

      "I could vaporize this entire pond too, but I won't.  This is
supposed to be a test of skill.  Me against nature."  He threw another
rock.  It skipped twice.

      Manami quietly picked up a rock and tossed it.  It skipped eight
times and landed on the other side.  "Like this?"

     Tenchi sighed.  "So much for teaching you how to do it."

      Manami smiled.  "You've taught me many things, father.  Even if rock
throwing isn't one of them."  

     "I understand you've become quite a singer."

      Manami froze for a moment in abject fear.  "I..um...yes."

     "Ryu said I should ask you about it.  Feel free to brag."  He winked.

      Manami briefly contemplated a few ways to torture her brother.  "I
am honored he thinks so highly of my singing."  She sat down on a nearby
bench.  "Would you like to hear me sing something for you?"

      Tenchi tried again to skip a rock.  This time it went three times.
He sat down by Manami.  "I think I'd like that."

      Manami spent a moment trying to remember a song that wouldn't get
her in trouble.  "Ahh, here's one from an old Earth album from the
nineties.  You might even remember it."

     "My anger hides a loving heart;
      My anger drives us far apart.
      Only your love can heal the pain,
      For it's your smile that brings the rain
      That helps love's fields to grow.

      Walk with me through summer's field
      So we can help our hearts to heal.
      Stride through the grass and smell the air
      Under the sun without a care.
      I want to walk with you.

      We hid our love behind our pride,
      Never letting others inside.
      To end those lies must be our task;
      Tear down the walls; Throw out the masks
      We used to hide from love.

      Walk with me through summer's field
      So we can help our hearts to heal.
      Stride through the grass and smell the air
      Under the sun without a care.
      I want to walk with you.

      Love does not end with "I Love You",
      Not if what the things we said were true.
      We have to strive to make it grow.
      We have to let our feelings show
      Else love will fade like dew."

     Tenchi listened quietly to the song, then applauded when Manami
finished.  "I remember that one.  That was off of Red Hot Summer, Ayukawa
Madoka's second album.  It came out in 1997, when I was a freshman here.  
I danced with your mother to that song."

     Manami smiled.  "I guess I chose wisely, then."

     Tenchi got a far away look.  "We had a lot of good times here.  Even
if every dance tended to turn into a riot."  He laughed.  "So have you
found a royal boyfriend yet?"

     Manami laughed faintly.  "Just a few dates."

     "Can't find someone you like?"

     "Not who great-great-grandfather Azusa wouldn't eat for breakfast."
She sighed.  "Ryu got lucky.  He's still going to have an uphill battle,
but..."

     Tenchi frowned.  "I will not let him push you into a marriage you
don't want, or away from one you do want."

     "I will do my duty,"  Manami said quietly.

     "I want my children to have a choice like I did and to be able to be
happy with who they marry, like I am.  We all don't have a lot of freedom,
I know, but you can't marry someone for hundreds of years if you don't
like them."  He laughed faintly.  "I hope Ryoko's meeting with Nene is
going okay."

      "Nene is a very sweet girl.  I think she'll make Ryu a good wife."
Manami picked up another rock and casually skipped it eight times across
the pond.  "If she survives this talk, anyway.  I wouldn't be surprised if
she challenged Nene-chan to a fight to see how good she is from all that
robot fighting."

      Tenchi bigsweated.  "I...I should have thought of that." He started
to get up.  

     Manami pulled him down.  "I was joking, father."  She laughed.  "It's
much more likely that she's getting Nene drunk."

     Tenchi sighed.  "I hope Nene can hold her liquor."

     Manami got up.  "My advisor wanted to meet you.  It's almost the time
I told her we'd be there."  

     Tenchi got up and followed her.

*****************************************************************************

     Linna went over her checkbook again.  Something is just not adding
up, she thought.  Her thoughts were interrupted by the phone ringing.  She
answered it.  "Hello?"

     "Hi, this is Ryu."

     "Hi, Ryu!  What's up?"

     "I'm trying to get Celia Stingray's phone number for a relative of
hers.  Do you know it?"

     Linna blinked.  "Well, I...uh.."  What's he want Celia's number for?
A worm of suspicion gnawed at her.

     "I just found out her grandmother and mine were sisters, you see,
and..."

     Linna blinked.  "You're related to CELIA?"

     "Yes.  I'm trying to get her number for her grandmother, my
greataunt, Meylia Stingray."

     She's alive!  Linna thought.  Celia's going to be very happy, very
paranoid, or maybe BOTH.

***************************************************************************

     Professor Hiyama sat in her office and pretended to read a book.
Actually, she was thinking about her encounter with her visitor the
previous night.  Damn that woman, she thought.  What is she UP to this
time?  If she's after one of my students...She caught herself growling out
loud and laughed faintly.  "And why did she mention that tarot card?  I
suppose I should go find out what the Two of Coins means."

     She turned on her radio.  "Come on down to Chez Kino!  You'll find
the finest home-style dining in Mega-Tokyo at any of our five locations.
We've got stores in..."  Professor Hiyama changed the channel.  "Fighting
Evil by Moonlight..."  She changed the channel again.  "Masquerade...where
the world will never find you..."  She left the radio on that station.  

     Settling back into her chair, she tried to focus on reading "The
Pursuit of Flower Power".  This time she was interrupted by a knock on the
door.  "Come in!"

     One of her favorite students, Masaki Manami stood in the doorway,
along with another person she recognized.  She sprang to her feet.
"Tenchi-san!  It's been a long time!"

     Tenchi laughed.  "Wow, you're STILL here?"

     Manami said, "This is my father, Tenchi Masaki."  She cut off her
prepared speech when she realized they already knew each other.  "You know
each other?"
     "Professor Hiyama was teaching here when I got my degree.  I had a
few classes with her."

     Professor Hiyama came over and shook Tenchi's hand.  "It's been such
a long time."

     "I'm surprised you remember me."

     "How could I forget one of my best students?  Or those two crazy
girls who were after you?"  She looked over at Manami.  "I always thought
you looked familiar, but I couldn't remember why, until now.  I take it
Aeka was the one who finally won your heart?"

      Tenchi laughed nervously.  "It's a long story...uhh..."

      "Ooooh!  You married BOTH of them!  You sly dog!"

      Tenchi jumped slightly.  "How do you always figure these things
out?"

     Professor Hiyama laughed.  "I have a knack.  That would have solved
one problem relationship I had...but that's another story.  Sit down!  I
want to hear all about what you did with that silly political science
degree you got from here.  You're not running Japan yet, so I can only
assume you did something else."

      They spent a very long time reminiscing.

*****************************************************************************
    
     "So you all got out okay?"  Youshou asked.  He and Aeka were sitting
on a nice plush couch in a hastily rented hotel room.  The people they
were visiting sat on the bed nearby and at the small table in the room.  

     Kasuga Kyosuke sat on the bed next to his wife, Madoka.  They both
had grey hair now, though they had kept in fairly good shape, especially
Madoka.  Her voice was still soft and musical.  "Thanks to the children.
We still don't know how Genom found us."

     "We don't know how they found Meylia either,"  Youshou said.  "Or why
they wanted her dead.  Why did they wait so long to kill her?"

     "There's a new man in Genom now.  He was behind that,"  the man
sitting at the table said.  He was the oldest looking person in the room,
with short white hair and his face heavily lined by age.  He looked lazy
and indolent, but that hid a keen mind.  Goto Kiichi turned to Youshou,
"Ever hear of someone named Wallace?"

      Youshou shook his head.  "Other than an American politician nearly a
century ago and a scottish rebel many centuries ago, no.  Where is he
from?"

     "That's just it.  He's a man without a past.  Whoever he is, he holds
a lot of vaguely defined authority in the Genom corporation.  We've turned
up a lot of agents working for him.  He could just be another scapegoat
Quincy has raised up only to sacrifice..."

     Aeka said quietly, "But you don't think so."

     "I think he may have had something to do with the recent murder
attempt on Celia Stingray, too."

     Aeka started.  Youshou frowned.  "Tell me more."

***************************************************************************

     Mihoshi and Leon finished examining the park for evidence.  There had
been plenty of witnesses.  Too bad their story was completely
unbelievable.  Mihoshi asked what must have been the twentieth child, "Who
killed the boomer?"

     "These two cool girls with magical powers!  One of them had a
lightsabre and the other one had a long wand with a heart on the end!  The
jedi one leaped down from the tree and cut the boomer in half, then left
with her friend and some kid," the child, a cute little red haired girl,
said.  

     "And you say one of them had blue hair?"

     Leon sighed.  The first part of the story was clear.  The boomer had
come from a barbershop adjoining the park.  It had chased the customers
out and followed some into the park, injuring two.  It then gone after
some kids.  Then the testimony got crazy.  One of the kids' big sister and
one of the kids, a 'blue haired girl' had turned into 'jedi
knights'/'magical princesses'/ 'magical warriors' and proceeded to cut the
boomer in half.  

      Whatever had killed the boomer must have been using some kind of
laser beam or other energy source...The blade wasn't made that could cut a
boomer in half this well...Maybe a monofilament blade, but that wouldn't
melt the edges.  Probably the Queen of Swords, he concluded.  The damage
was similar...but then what about this 'blue haired girl'?

      Mihoshi finished interrogating the kids.  Leon turned to her.  It's
futile to even try, he thought, but I have to ask her.  "So what do you
think?"

      "The boomer was cut in half by an energy blade.  I didn't think they
made those on this planet,"  Mihoshi said.  "I mean..."

      Leon sighed.  "I'd almost think you weren't made on this planet."

      "How did you guess?"

      "We can talk about that later.  Any idea what COULD have made this
cut?"

      "Probably the Queen of Swords.  As for the blue haired girl..."  She
paused.  "Oh, I know who that was!"

      "You do?"

      "Sure.  Want me to call her so she can make a statement?"

      Leon boggled.  Can't hurt to try.  "Uh, sure."

***************************************************************************

     Priss drove mindlessly around the Tokyo University campus.  Manami
has to be around here somewhere...Where are you hiding, girl?  She had
tried all of Manami's usual hangouts.  Checking her dorm room had gotten
her the information that Manami was 'showing her folks around the campus'
from Shinobu, and that Ryu's mother was certifiably insane.  I bet she's
DEFINITELY the alien parent, Priss thought.  At least I finally understand
why he has that spiky hair...

      As she roared past the classroom buildings for the fifth time, she
spotted Manami and a young dark haired man in his late twenties coming out
of one of the buildings.  Who's that?  Priss wondered.  Must be an older
brother...he's not old enough to be her dad.  

      Priss roared up to the twosome.  "Manami.  We've GOT to talk."

      Manami blushed faintly.  This is going to require difficult
explanations, she thought.  Well, better to bite the bullet.
"Priscilla-san, this is my father, Masaki Tenchi.  Father, this is Asagiri
Priscilla."

      Tenchi bowed.  "A pleasure to meet you.  Are you attending Tokyo
University?"

      Priss laughed.  "I sing for a living.  In fact, your daughter opened
for one of my concerts recently."

      Manami got a look on her face like she'd just been hit with an
eighteen-wheeler.  I'm dead, she thought.  

      "Really?"  He turned to Manami.  "Why didn't you mention that?"

      "It...umm...It slipped my mind,"  Manami said.  "Would you like to
walk with my father and I for a while, Priscilla-san?  What was it you
needed to talk to me about?"

      Priss looked at Manami's father.  Surely he knows about all this
stuff.  He looks so young.  I guess this is where I see if I really have
gone nuts...  She parked her bike.  "All right.  So where are we headed
to?"

      "We were going to go get Ryu and get some food."

      "Sounds good to me."  Hmm.  Blunt is best, Priss thought.  "So, ever
met a blue haired girl who calls herself Tsunami?"

      Manami froze in place.  Tenchi blinked.  "

      Priss continued on with a cheery tone of voice, "She told me you're
from outer space.  Jurai, to be precise."

      Tenchi blinked.  "She told you that?"

      "Is it true?"  Priss stared at Tenchi.

      Tenchi put one hand behind his head.  "Well, I was born on Earth,
but..."

      Manami said quietly, "Everything Tsunami told you was true.  She
does like jokes, but not on something this important.  Why did she tell
you all this?"

      "Because she's been waiting for 25,000 years for me to reappear.
I'm from where she was born."  Priss stared up at the sky and found the
moon hanging low over the horizon.  "We're both from the moon."  She
shivered faintly.  "I...I don't know what to do.  How to deal with
this...who I can tell..."

      Tenchi nodded.  "I had to go through something like this.  I had an
ordinary life you see...until one day I decided to go poking around in the
family shrine..."

***************************************************************************

      Celia sat in a booth at Chez Kino #1, in downtown Mega-Tokyo.  It
was a nice restaurant, but not too nice.  The decor was set up to make it
look like you were eating at home...if your home had 30 or so tables and
booths.   Fargo sat across from her dressed in his usual ever so slightly
scruffy suit.  He quietly slid an envelope to her as he perused the menu.
"The food here is really good."

      Celia quietly opened the envelope, having already decided what to
buy.  "So I understand."  

      "Even though there's a rumor that the owner of this chain is a
boomer.  I don't believe it, though."  Fargo decided to get some chinese
style chicken and american style biscuits.  

       Celia blinked.  "Why would anyone believe she's a boomer?"

      "She's in her fifties, but she looks to be in her twenties."  He
pointed to a picture on the wall, which showed a young woman with long
reddish brown hair gathered back into a pony-tail in a chef's outfit.
"That picture was supposedly taken in 2032."

      Celia shrugged.  "Some people keep their youth.  I can't think of
any reason why someone would put a boomer in charge of a restaurant
chain."  She quietly read through the papers while placing her order and
waiting for the meal to arrive.  

      The assassination had been aimed at her.  Yamato had confessed to
the police that he had been hired by one Anton Robespierre, who Fargo's
contacts claimed was an alias of Wilson Kamisaka of Schilling Enterprises.  
Schilling was involved in construction and architectural design in its
Tokyo Branch, though it also had branches involved in furniture and carpet
manufacturing.  Kamisaka was third in command of the local branch and had
a reputation as their 'fixer', handling shadow operations, not that
Schilling Enterprises would seem to have a lot of need for such.

      Celia quietly put away the envelope as the food arrived.  She then
noticed an odd bulge in Fargo's jacket pocket, and some sort of white
fuzzy thing that was sticking out of it.  "What's that in your pocket?"

      Fargo blinked, then laughed.  "I'd almost forgotten I still had
that."  He pulled it out.  It was a small plushie doll of Sabre White.  "I
took my niece to see a bunch of seiyuu at a public appearance earlier
today. She made me buy her a few dozen of these dolls, and someone was
selling these as well.  I, of course, had to carry them all.  Guess I
missed this one."

      Celia laughed.  "What's next, an animated series?"

      "There's a rumor of that, actually."

      They both laughed.

***************************************************************************

     Macky sat at home and watched TV, basically bored out of his skull.
He was watching some old tapes Nene had lent him of 'Nick Hatchett, Robot
Fighter'.  This was from the season where all the robots were working for
Cthulhu.  Nick and his girlfriend, Leslie, were fighting an army of
Cyber-Deep-Ones in this episode who were trying to revive a giant
crocodile that lived in the bay of Rio de Janeiro.  As usual, the plot
made little to no sense, maybe even negative amounts of sense, but the
action sequences were well done and fun to watch.  

      The phone rang.  He paused the tape and answered it.  "Hello,
Palace of Love, Macky speaking."

      The voice at the other end of the line was unfamiliar to him, though
it stirred a faint chord of recognition.  "Macky Stingray?"

      "Um, yes.  Who is this?"

      "This is your grandmother, Meylia.  Is your sister home?"

      Macky nearly fainted.  

*************************************************************************

       At USSD, a screen began to flash.  A man blinked and plinked keys
on his keyboard.  "Shit."  He turned and ran to his superior.  "We've got
a big problem."

      "What kind of problem?"

      "You know our laser satellites?"

      "Of course I do!"  What kind of idiots are we hiring these days, the
colonel wondered.

      "We're ceasing to recieve transmissions from them, one by one."

      "Shit."  A flurry of activity soon began.

***************************************************************************

     "Celia is WHAT?"  Priss said.  She, Ryu, Manami, and Tenchi were at
'The University Cafe', an on-campus fast food place run by the dining hall
administration.  

      Ryu repeated, "Celia is my second cousin and of Juraiian descent."

      Priss boggled quietly.  "Is anyone I know normal?"

      "As far as I know, Leon is perfectly normal,"  Ryu said.  "Unless
Aunt Mihoshi has done something to him."

      "Something permanent, anyway,"  Tenchi said.  

      Priss said, "And Linna, I guess."

      "As far as we know,"  Manami said, grateful that her father had
completely forgotten about her having opened for one of Priss' concerts.

      Ryu said, "Anyone who has had that many different boyfriends is
hardly normal."

      "Thus says the man with spikey hair,"  Priss replied.  I can't
believe I'm taking this so calmly...then again, after hearing about Mr.
Masaki's life...I think I got off easy.  

      "You'll help us against Genom, won't you, Priss?"  Ryu asked.

      Priss laughed.  "As if you didn't know I'd say yes."

      "Had to ask, just to be polite."

      Priss thought about her energy sword.  This was going to be cool.
"So what do we blow up first?"

      Tenchi said, "Well, first we have to find out how much Genom knows
and why they're after the house of Jurai."

      "Are you sure they even know about Jurai?"  Priss asked.  "Maybe
they were after Meylia for some other reason."

      "With six boomers for an ordinary human who had been in a coma for
ten years?  They have to know something."  Tenchi said.  "Although it
could be someone is just using Genom as a front..."

***************************************************************************
  
     As Celia finished her dinner, her pager and Fargo's went off at the
same time.  Two seconds later, four other pagers went off across the
restaurant.  He laughed. "It never rains but it pours, eh?"

      Celia nodded and quietly adjourned to the ladies' room.  She got out
her cellular phone.  "You've got to come home, Celia!"  Macky said.

      "Well, I was almost done here anyway.  What's wrong?"

      "G...G..."

      "What?"

      "Grandma's going to be here at nine."

       Celia blinked audibly.  "She what?"

      "And our Great-grandfather too...and maybe some other relatives."

      "She...She IS alive?"

      "Alive and well and called us on the phone.  Also..."  Macky's voice
trailed off.

       "Also what?"

       "Just come on home..."

       "Okay.  See you soon."  Celia wondered why Macky was acting
strangely.  She would soon find out.

***************************************************************************

     Sasami, Ryoko, and Nene looked at the cargo in Tsunami's hold.
Sasami turned to Nene.  "What's the best way to disarm these things,
anyway?"

      Nene shrugged.  "Break the lenses, maybe?  We've got enough of them
to experiment on."

      Ryoko said, "I could just blow them to bits."

      "Yes, but that wouldn't be very creative."  The three of them put
their heads together and began to plan.

*****************************************************************************

     Priss, Tenchi, Ryu, and Manami were back in the campus park again.
Priss was finally starting to relax.  Being around people who seemed to
regard virtually anything, no matter how strange, as normal, was a relief.
"So then Manami forgot the lyrics to Born to Be Wild and started singing
some hymn instead...We all thought she must have had too much to drink."
Priss began singing The Battle Hymn of the Republic in a very wild style.

      Everyone laughed, even Manami, though she was blushing.
"Priss-san, if you tell my mother about this..."

      "She'll die.  I know.  I can be discreet, even though it's no fun."

      Tenchi laughed quietly.  "I won't say anything, dear, but you're
going to have to tell her eventually.  If she finds out on her own..."

      "This could be as bad as that tribble incident."

      Manami buried her face in her hands.  "Let's not even think about
that.  Please?"

      Tenchi laughed.  "The look on great-grandfather's face when he found
tribbles under the sheets on his bed..."

      Ryu laughed.  "And mom rampaging through the palace, blasting
tribbles right and left, shouting a war cry..."

      "Please!  I don't want to think about it!"  Manami said.  They
wouldn't let me have any pets after that...

      "So when do I get to meet your mom, Ryu?  Sounds like my kind of
person."

      "Well, she's off with Nene-chan right now.  They're supposed to come
back by campus afterwards.  I assume they'll get here soon."

      Priss said, "Hey, Manami, have you sung that song you wrote about
your brother for him yet?"

      Ryu blinked.  "What?"

     "We were going to play it at our concert, but Dan had a brain spasm
and couldn't remember any of it."  She sighed.  "I think he doesn't like
it and doesn't want to tell me..."

     Tenchi smiled.  "I want to hear it."

     Manami blushed.  "Okay...here goes.  It's pretty rough...I'm not a
great songwriter."

     "We walk through life together
      Yet we walk on different paths
      Two children of one father...
      Our mothers set us on the roads we follow.

      Wild Child, running free
      Running free across the sea of space
      Breaking all the rules
      You are the chaos to my law.

      I am the oak who stands 
      Strong against the wind and rain
      I must stand unchanging
      Against the winds and tides of fate.

      Wild Child, running free
      Running free across the sea of space
      Breaking all the rules
      You are the chaos to my law.

      I look at you and I see
      The freedom I wish was part of me.
      You're not afraid to do 
      What you want, to be what you want.

      Wild Child, running free
      Running free across the sea of space
      Breaking all the rules
      You are the chaos to my law."

     Ryu blushed.  "Uh, thanks..."  He wasn't sure what to say.

     "It's even better with loud guitars and heavy drumming,"  Priss said.
"The lyrics need work, but it gets the point across."

     Tenchi nodded and hugged his daughter, who blushed more.  "I'm proud
of your musical talents.  Keep working on it and you'll be a great
musician one day."  

     Manami blushed.  "You really think so?"

     "Damn straight,"  Priss said.  "All it takes is willpower and a
little work.  Okay, a lot of work."

     She smiled.  "Thanks."

****************************************************************************

     Andrea finished downloading various files she wasn't supposed to have
access to.  One advantage of this shift is nothing ever happens and no one
pays any attention to what we're doing.  Also, Lt. Yamano has gone home
for the night, which helps.  

      Checking timestamps, she noticed several of the files she was
downloading had been accessed recently.  Someone else is on the same trail
I am, she thought.  This doesn't bode well.

      "Hey, Andrea, whatcha doing?"  It was Leon.

      Andrea froze and prayed Leon wasn't paying very close attention to
what was on her monitor.  She turned and blocked any view of it as best
she could.  "What are you doing here this late?"  Then she spotted
Mihoshi.  SHIT, she thought.  

      Mihoshi smiled, "Hi, ...Andrea!  Nice headband you're wearing
today!"

      "We're investigating a bit of an odd case.  Rampaging boomer cut in
half by an energy blade.  Probably the Queen of Swords...but..."

     "But what?"

     "I dunno.  Something seems different.  None of the kids who saw it
said anything about a kimono, for one thing...and they all claimed she had
a lightsabre."

      "Well, energy weapons aren't exactly my field of expertise, either."
Go away, Mihoshi, she thought.  Sadly, Andrea had no psychic powers, so
trying to influence Mihoshi's weak will was STILL beyond her abilities.
"Still, we're not too far from making something like that, I think."

      Leon shrugged.  "I know some stuff about cars, but I'm no tech
expert.  I guess I'll have to bug the lab boys tomorrow."

      Mihoshi looked over at the screen.  "Whatcha reading?"

      Andrea swore silently.  Well, here comes the apocalypse, she
thought.  "A report on accident prone blondes."

      "Really?  Let me look!"  She leaned over and struck several keys
with her elbow."

      'System shutting down in 30 seconds', the screen flashed.

      It was only with effort that Andrea was able to avoid crying.

************************************************************************


















9334 BC
The Void

      SHIVA sat in the void and looked out upon the universe.  He was not
pleased.  They have killed my faithful servant, my child in whom I was
proud, he thought.

      He watched three figures.  A man, a woman, and a...being.  They
would pay in blood.  Theirs and that of their descendants.  Already,
he was laying up suffering enough for the woman...but the man...now
that was another question.  

      SHIVA looked at his legions.  Only once a century could he release
one of his servants.  I must choose wisely...ah, yes.  THIS ONE.

9334 BC
Tridentis III, pleasure planet of the Juraiian empire.

      Emperor Ryalin I relaxed in the nice warm waters of the hot springs,
all the care of running his empire far away from him for the moment.
Thoughts of the madman he had recently executed for the second time were
far from his thoughts as he sat by his two wives and let the soft scent of
the waters fill his nostrils as the warmth of the spring soothed his
muscles. 

      He probably would have stayed there for a very long time, if he
hadn't heard people screaming.  His wives sprung to alert attention, as
did his nearby bodyguards.

      The sky began to rapidly darken, though it was mid-day.  The emperor
looked up and saw the Sun vanishing, like an eclipse.  He relaxed.
Nothing to worry about.  

      Far above, the crew of his wife's ship, the Celestine, were in a
panic, wishing the Emperor's ship, the Tsunami, wasn't in another system
with the Emperor's son, Crown Prince Ryalin, soon to be Ryalin II.  "Are
you sure that's what's happening?"  One of them asked the oldest of the
crew members.  

      "Whatever that cloud thing around the sun is...It's pushing the sun
towards going nova.  We have maybe 20 minutes if we're lucky..."

      They weren't.  They managed to get the Emperor up to the ship, just
in time for the creature around the sun to disengage and move on just
before the sun went nova, destroying the entire system.  The creature,
glutted on the hydrogen and helium it had ripped from the sun along with
vast amounts of electromagnetic energy moved on through space, a loose
cannon now.  Soon, there was nothing left of Tridentis III but ashes.  
The legend of the Sun-Eater had begun.

     And SHIVA danced.

***************************************************************************

Chapter 7:  Reunions.

***************************************************************************


      Celia sat quietly and nervously.  "This could be a trap."

      Macky sighed.  "Anything could be a trap."

      "Then why can't we get ahold of anyone?"

      "We got ahold of Linna."

      "She sounded funny on the phone."

      Macky walked over and shook Celia.  "Snap out of it!  This is our
grandmother!  We can't be paranoid about everyone!  I thought you were
getting over that, but I guess I was wrong."

      The doorbell rang.  Celia jumped.  Macky sighed.  "I'll answer the
door."  As headed for the door, he resolved to not buy Celia any more
coffee for a week.

      It was Linna.  "Hi, guys.  What was so urgent?  Not that I was doing
ANYTHING anyway.  Did we get a new job?"

      "Grandma's coming to see us and Celia's afraid she's going to turn
out to be Freddy Kruger or something."

      "It's best to be prepared."  Celia had pulled herself together.  "Go
suit up.  I'll signal you if it's necessary."

      "You think this could be another trap?"

      "I've already got one assassin after me."

      Linna nodded.  "You called the others?"

      "Yes, but they haven't called back. I'm starting to worry."

************************************************************************

     Priss said, "I'll be right back.  Have to answer this page."

     Ryu said, "We're not going anywhere.  There's a pay phone over
there."  He pointed and went back to his rock-skipping contest with his
dad.  So far, he was winning.  Tenchi looked a little aggravated but
didn't say anything.

     As soon as Priss was out of earshot, Tenchi said, "People change when
you're not looking, don't they?"  

     Ryu blinked.  "What are you talking about, dad?"

     Tenchi smiled faintly.  "I wish I got to spend more time with you two
like this.  I'm always so busy."  He sighed.  "I never feel like a very
good parent.  Part of me still thinks of you two as the two little kids
who used to steal each other's toys and then destroy your playroom
fighting over it."

     Manami blushed.  

     Ryu laughed.  "I'm surprised the repairs didn't bankrupt the empire."

     "You've both grown up so much.  And I see Manami must have been
spending more time with Ryoko than I had realized."  He glanced
meaningfully off in Priss' direction.

     Manami blushed more.  "She's been very kind to me."

     "You don't have to be ashamed of being her friend, Manami.  I think
dad's trying to say that he's glad you've made new friends.  And that
Priss reminds him of Mom."

     Tenchi nodded.  "They should join us soon.  I guess she hasn't
finished talking to Nene-chan yet..."

***************************************************************************

     Linna suited up, then lurked in one of the side rooms of the living
section of Celia's 'house', waiting for something interesting to happen.
She could over hear Celia and Macky arguing in the living room over
whether Celia was being paranoid.  

      Linna agreed.  Only Celia would want someone in armor hanging around
when her grandmother was coming to visit...although if her Grandmother
really was the Queen of Swords like Celia suspected, this might not be
such a bad idea.  I wish my grandparents were still around.  She sighed
and looked around the room she was in.  Her eyes lit upon a photo album.
I shouldn't pry, she thought.  This stopped her for about 20 seconds.

      The first picture was a classic multi-generational shot.  A tall,
thin woman with long black hair stood side by side in the background with
a tall, blond man, who looked close to ten years older than her.  Sitting
in a pair of chairs in front of them were a short woman with short black
hair in the same style as Celia wore now, holding a little girl in her
lap, probably Celia herself, and a man with dark brown hair, glasses, and
a moustache, who Linna recognized as Dr. Stingray.  The woman was clearly
pregnant.  There was a little label underneath, 'Stingray family awaits
release of the beta copy of the second generation of Stingrays,' in big
blocky letters, and in smaller script beneath it, 'Kimiko's 36th
Birthday'.  

     "I guess Kimiko must be Celia's mom."  Linna paged through more
pictures.  She could hear Celia and Macky through the walls and not just
over her comlink now.  She sighed.  Boredom was starting to look better
than this.  The pictures were interesting, though.  Hard to imagine Celia
as an innocent child, she thought, looking at a picture of Celia playing
horsey with her father and another one of her chasing Macky around the
house with a broom.  

      The doorbell rang.  Linna put the photo album down quietly.  Time to
do my job, she thought.

****************************************************************************

      Macky answered the door.  A woman stood before him with long dark
hair, shot through with streaks of grey.  He recognized her, though this
was the first time that he could remember that she hadn't been lying in 
bed in a coma.  A tall man stood near her.  His face was lined with age,
and his eyes were almost hidden behind his glasses.  His hair was totally
grey, but he still stood straight and looked healthy for his age.  The
woman stared at Macky for a moment.  "You've grown up so much...you were
just a little boy..."

      "Grandma?"

      She rushed forward and crushed him in a hug.  "My grandson..."  She
began to cry. 

      He blushed a little and hugged her back.  "Come on in.  Sis is
waiting for you."  He looked over at the man.  "And you're my
great-grandfather?"

      He nodded.  "Your father had my name...Katsuhito.  It is a pleasure
to meet you."

      Macky lead them into the living room.  Some soft classical music was
playing on the stereo, and Celia sat tensely in a large plush chair,
looking more like she was facing the rack than being a model for Lazy-Boy.
She looked up, saying nothing, her face impassive.

      Meylia finally let go of Macky and ran across the room to her,
sweeping Celia out of the chair and into her arms.  "I've missed you all
so much...You look just like your mother, Celia-chan."  

      For a moment, Celia panicked, and then the tears came.
"Grandmother..."

      "You don't have to say anything, dear."  For a long time, they
simply hugged each other and cried.

*****************************************************************************

     Emotions had cooled a bit at the Stingray household, and everyone had
sat down to talk.  Celia decided to get right to the main question on her
mind.  "Grandmother...are you the Queen of Swords?"

      Linna tensed in the other room.  Here's the critical moment...

      Meylia stood up from her chair and closed her eyes.  A circle of
glowing blue light formed around her left hand, then ran up her arm and
down her torso, other arm, and legs.  In its wake, her clothing
transformed into her battle garb.  A triparte blue tatoo formed upon her
brow and black wedges on her cheeks.  "Yes, I am."

      "I...how..."  Celia wasn't sure how to ask her grandmother what she
really wanted to know.

      Youshou spoke.  "You come from a long and noble line...which is not
of this Earth.  The blood of Jurai flows strongly in your grandmother's
veins...

       Macky said, "WHAT?"

       Linna blinked.  Either Celia's great grandfather is insane or
things are weirder than I had imagined.  Or both.

       Celia said nothing.  It was strange, and yet, short of her
grandmother being some sort of boomer possessing technology beyond that of
any she had seen...Could it possibly be true?

       "I know this must sound strange to you."  Youshou began.

       "You got that right!  This sounds like a bad science fiction
novel!"  Macky said, leaning forward.  

       "Am I not flesh and blood?   I am no machine,"  Meylia said.  "And
yet, I possess these powers.  Is that not proof enough?"

       Linna listened, her mind boggling.  Celia an ALIEN?  Well, part
alien...how can they breed with humans, though?  

       "Why...Why didn't Father ever tell us?"

       "Your father didn't know...I didn't know..until after my powers
awakened.  Our line has enemies, Celia-chan."  Meylia said, reverting to
normal.

       "I lived on earth for many years and only rarely ever revealed
where I really came from.  It all began with an attack by space
pirates..."

*****************************************************************************

     Linna's mind teetered on the edge as she listened to the entire story
over the comlink.  I've been working for an alien...She tried to pull
herself together.  Celia is my friend, alien or not.  She acts as human
as...

      Mihoshi...what if those stories she was telling about the 'Galaxy
Police' were really true?  What if she's an alien too?  How many of them
are there?  Linna tried not to panic.  What if Andrea...Linna shook her
head.  I'm getting paranoid.  I'll start thinking Priss was born on
another planet too if I'm not careful.  

       Out in the living room, Youshou finished by saying, "We think
someone in Genom knows about the house of Juraii and sent those boomers.
We can't think of any other reason they would have tried to kill Meylia,
unless maybe they thought her son had told her something important.  And
whoever knows about Jurai must have found out fairly recently that she was
connected to us or they would have tried to kill her sooner."

      Celia frowned.  "Someone tried to kill me recently as well.  He
seems to have been working for some two-bit company, but..."

       "Well, you'll be safe now.  We can protect you until we can teach
you how to use your powers."

       Macky laughed.  "We're not as defenseless as you might think."

       "Even the best security won't do much against combat boomers."

       Celia smiled.  "This will.  Saber-green, come out."

       Linna came out of the side room and posed casually in the doorway.

       Youshou nodded.  "Not bad.  You have the Knight Sabres on
retainer?"

       Celia laughed.  "You could say that..."

*****************************************************************************

     Priss said, "I gotta go knock some sense into a friend's head.  I'll
see you guys tomorrow."  Her pager went off.  She sighed.  "BACK to the
phone." She stomped off to the pay phone again.

     A few seconds later, Ryoko and Nene appeared.  Ryoko leapt over to
Tenchi.  "Hello, dear."

     Ryu laughed.  "I take it Mom decided to tell you everything."

     Nene walked over quietly to Ryu and touched his arm, then stared up
at his face.  He blinked.  "Is something wrong?"

     Nene stared quietly at Ryu's face, smiling faintly, but saying
nothing.  He smiled back nervously, wondering what was going on.  Finally,
she stepped forward and buried her face in his chest, wrapping her arms
around him.  He hugged her tightly, wondering what exactly she and his
mother had talked about.  

     Meanwhile, Ryoko, Tenchi, and Manami were talking.  "I could hardly
believe it.  There used to be hundreds of those things up there!"

     Tenchi blinked.  "Hundreds of what things?"

     "Laser satellites.  And they were all aimed at the planet!  What kind
of crazy people point their weapons at themselves?"  Ryoko waved her arms
about.  "Even Mom isn't that much of a nut."  She looked around for a
moment, as if she expected her mother to show up and do something in
retaliation.  

     Tenchi nodded.  "That does sound dangerous."
   
     Manami frowned slightly.  "Wait...you said, WERE?"

     Ryoko laughed.  "Well, Sasami-chan, Nene-chan, and I decided this was
a bad thing so we got rid of all of them."

     "You what?"  Manami said.

     Nene giggled and let go of Ryu.  "Sasami-chan's going to return them
to their rightful owners."

     Tenchi sighed.  "Just put up a big flag, 'Hello, Aliens are here',
why don't you?"

     Ryoko frowned.  "One shot from those things and we'd all die in
seconds.  We couldn't risk them being aimed at us."

     Nene nodded.  "I've nearly been killed by those things.  They're
dangerous."

     Priss stomped back.  "Crazy woman needs to make up her mind...what
was that about laser satellites?"

     Priss saw Ryoko and Nene glance at each other, then at the others.
Ryu said, "Nene-chan got tired of them so she and Mom went and blew them
all up."

     Priss began to laugh.  "Seriously."

     "Oh, Priss, this is my Mom, Hakubi-Masaki Ryoko, Princess of Jurai."

     Ryoko blinked.  "Don't call me PRINCESS!!!"

     "Yes, your highness,"  Ryu said, grinning.  

     Ryoko teleported behind Ryu and noogied him.  "I said DON'T call me
that!"  She then remembered Priss was here.  "Ummm..."

     Priss laughed.  "I know everything, Princess Ryoko.  Don't worry, I
won't tell anyone."

     Ryoko frothed delicately.  "Don't call ME PRINCESS!!!!"  

     Nene laughed.  "Yes, your highness."

     Ryoko looked over at Tenchi.  "Help, they're picking on me!"

     Tenchi laughed faintly.  "Well, you are surrounded by royalty, dear."

     Ryoko frothed impotently, then spotted Priss.  "You're not royalty,
are you?"  She paused.  "Umm...do I know you?"

     Ryu laughed faintly.  "This is Princess Priscilla S. Asagiri,
Queen of Rock and Roll."

     Ryoko twitched faintly, then shrugged.  "Right.  Well, let's go
celebrate by getting royally drunk!"

     Priss laughed.  "Now that's a royal decree I can live with." 

***************************************************************************

      Aeka and Sasami sat quietly in the 'garden' section of Tsunami,
staring out at the Earth through a 'window'.  "Did you find the girl
you've been looking for, Sasami-chan?"  Aeka asked.

      Sasami nodded.  "I...hope I can do my duty well with her.  She has
had a hard life, and this will be an additional burden.  I pray it will
not break her."

      Aeka nodded.  "I'm sure this is all a shock for Celia too, and
Nene."  She paused.  "What do you think of Nene, sister?"

      "I like her.  She's got a good heart and she's smart, too.  I think
she'll be good for him."  Sasami smiled.  "We had a lot of fun with her
this evening."

       Aeka sat quietly for a little while.  "I never thought I'd see this
world again..."

       "Well, one day, they'll be ready for contact with Jurai, and then
we'll be able to visit more often."

      "Father is going to blow his top."

      "Father always blows his top.  It's just his way.  When he meets
Nene...THEN he'll really blow his top."

      Aeka sighed.  "I like her, but..."

      "Father will adjust.  He's much more reasonable than he acts."
Sasami smiled.  "Now whether she will surive meeting Wasyuu..."

      They both laughed.  

*****************************************************************************

      Ryu teleported into Nene's apartment.  Nene was pretty heavily
soused.  So was Ryu, but luckily being drunk didn't affect his ability to
teleport.  He laid Nene down in her bed.  "Go sleepie, dear."

      "Don' wanna."

      Ryu yawned.  "Gotta go sleepie too."

      "Don' leaf me.  Sweep wit me."  Nene flailed pathetically in Ryu's
direction and almost fell out of the bed.

      "We're drunker than a three day old glass of beer...can't sweep with
you when you're me...uh, you're drunk."

      "Meanie.  Don' wanna be alone."

      Ryu gave up, not having enough sense left in his head to deny her.
he clambered onto the bed and they soon passed out in each other's arms.

*****************************************************************************

     Linna floated through darkness.  She knew she was dreaming, since it
looked rather like deep space, but she wasn't explosively decompressing.
The earth looked like a big blue and brown bottlecap off to her left.  She
laughed to herself.  All this talk of aliens...I must be dreaming of being
in a spaceship.  

     Suddenly, Linna found herself standing on the deck of an Imperial
Star Destroyer, looking out the main viewscreen.  She was dressed in the
clothing of a ship captain.  She laughed loudly.  An ensign approached
her.  "Captain, Rebel forces approaching."

     It took effort to keep from laughing her head off at him. Hey, I'll
play along, she thought.  "What are they, ensign?"

     "It looks like...looks like...ummmm..."  The ensign laughed
nervously. "Let me put it on the viewscreen."

     The viewscreen flickered and the image of a giant rabbit with huge
fangs appeared.  It snarled.  Linna laughed so hard she woke up.

     Linna got up and went and got herself a glass of grape juice.  That
was cute, she thought.  I can hardly believe all this, though...It's all
so crazy...Nene and Celia and Macky--royalty...half my friends are
aliens...At least Priss and Andrea are normal.  It's enough to make you
feel a little inferior...stop whining, Linna thought.  

      There was a knock on the door.  Linna opend the door and a glowing
skull was floating in the hallway.  For a few seconds, she just stared,
then she screamed, dspite feeling like an idiot for screaming.  Her
apartment dissolved away around her and she was floating in space
again...with the glowing skull.  She shivered.  I guess I didn't wake up.

     The glowing skull grew a glowing skeleton, then shadows began to wrap
around the bones, becoming flesh.  "You...you are the one."

     "The one what?"  This was incredibly creepy, but fascinating at the
same time.  I wish I had my hardsuit, Linna thought.  Shadows wrapped
around her, and suddenly, she was wearing her hardsuit.  Parts of her
flesh were chilled by touching the metal.  She didn't wear very much to
bed, usually.  

      "That flimsy hunk of metal and ceramics will avail you nothing.  It
is nothing compared to the power of..."

     Linna cut him off.  "The force?  Going to ask me to come to the dark
side?  Claim you're my father?"

     The figure laughed, though its laughter was rather reminiscent of
hearing someone say cheerily, 'well, I think I'll begin by flaying your
arms.  Is that okay with you?'  "I find it unlikely that I would be your
father.  Who are you?"

     Linna was about to speak when she heard a voice from behind her.
"Don't tell him your name, girl."

     She blinked.  "Master Hiromi?"

     Linna knew it had to be a dream...Master Hiromi was living in Hong
Kong now.  Not that that really mattered...given we're in deep space, I'd
be dead if this wasn't a dream.  Still...  "Who are you?"

    "I asked first."  The figure, now fully fleshed, was a six-armed man
with a big red dot on his forehead.  He was dressed in an odd looking
robe, cut to fit a six armed man, and upon his brow was a silver tiara
with six gems set in it, red, orange, yellow, green, blue, and purple.
His top right hand held a sword, his top left hand a shield.  The middle
hands held two flames, one white and one black.  The bottom left hand held
a horn and the right hand a scroll.  

     Something stirred dimly in Linna's memory.  I've seen this guy
somewhere before, she thought.  Maybe a museum or something.  He looks
like a hindu diety or something.  

      Hiromi frowned.  "Go away and leave her alone."

     The being turned and stared at Hiromi, suddenly changing sex to
female.  "You."

     Hiromi glared at the being.  "Me."

     Linna wondered if she somehow had put drugs in her dinner the
previous night.  This was tripped out.  "Master...what's going on?"

     She frowned and took Linna's hand.  The world rippled around them and
they were standing in Hiromi's dojo.  Linna shook her head.  "This is a
dream...right?"

     "Your body is asleep, yes.  That was...a being who believes he is
Shiva, god of destruction."

     "You mean, like as in Brahma/Vishnu/Shiva?  The triple aspected god
or something..."  Linna tried to remember her history classes in High
School.

     "Yes.  There are too many answers to your question that would only
obfuscate matters, but that will do.  Do not believe what he tells
you...He will say whatever is necessary to get what he wants.   And what
he wants is the destruction of this world and his enemies."

     "His enemies?"  What a screwed up dream, Linna thought...I don't
normally dream about rampaging gods.

     "Whoever they are...You must beware his temptations, Linna.  I don't
know why he has taken an interest in you, but it can't be anything good.
Remember what I taught you."

     Linna briefly wondered if Hiromi was going to turn into Obi-Wan
Kenobi.  For a second, she flickered and DID turn into Obi-Wan Kenobi,
then turned back to normal.  "STOP that!"  Hiromi barked.

    Linna winced and increasingly fell into her old patterns of behavior
with her master.  "Yes, Master."  

     "I wish I had had more time to teach you."

     You're the one who moved away, Linna thought.  

    "I know...I know.  I'm the one who moved away.  If I had known this
would happen, I would not have left.  Still, I will give you what I can."
Hiromi reached over and tapped Linna's forehead.  For a moment, the world
dissolved in a phantasmagoric spray of light.  the last thing Linna heard
was, "When you need me, I will come."

     She woke up in bed again.  No more late night snacking, she thought.
She turned over and went back to sleep.  This time her dreams were much
more normal, like the one with that hunky actor Otaki.  What a
blond dreamboat, she thought.

*****************************************************************************

     Priss woke up the next morning with a throbbing headache.
"Ugh...something went down wrong."  She heard cats squalling outside her
window and threw a shoe at it.  The cats shut up.  "Stupid sunlight...Why
can't the damn thing wait to come up when it's wanted."

       "The world was not made for our convenience,"  a woman's voice
replied.

      Priss rolled over and buried her face in the pillow.  "I hate it
when you do that, Celia."

      The woman laughed faintly.  "I have had many names, but Celia has
never been one of them."

      Priss looked up through bleary eyes.  "Who the fuck are you and why
are you in my house?"

      The woman was tall with long green-black hair and eyes that seemed
to flit between purple and dark red in color.  She wore a dark green
business suit and was sitting in one of Priss' few chairs.  "You may call
me Mei'ou Setsuna.  I have been waiting for you for a very long time."

      "I don't know you from Satan, whoever you are."  Priss watched the
woman warily and started to clamber out of bed.  Dim memories began to
surface from the previous day.  Priss could barely believe any of them,
especially with her head throbbing.  The cats squalled again outside and
she swore.

      "But I know you, child of the Moon Kingdom."

      Priss froze.  Either she's a whacko...or she knows something.  Or
we're both whacko.  Where'd I put that damn sword...Oh yeah.  She reached
under the pillow.

      "You won't be needing that.  I'm not here to cut you in half or rant
about how I'm going to kill you and your meddling dog, Toto, too."
Setsuna smiled.  

      Priss got the sword anyway, then said, "Then why the hell did you
barge in uninvited?"

      "Would you have invited me in if I had knocked?"

      "Hell no."

      "Well, then."  Setsuna got up and turned around. "Go ahead and get
dressed."

      Priss decided to go ahead and get dressed.  If the woman does try
something, at least I won't have to run around half-naked if we end up
outside.  "So whaddya want?"

      "I have come to set you on the path you must follow."

      "Uh huh.  You think you're my fairy godmother or something?"

      "I am the Guardian of Time.  My task is to create the correct
future.  To guide you is part of that task."

      Priss finished getting dressed.  "And what if I don't want to be
guided?"

      "Then the Earth will perish and you with it."

      "Look, Obi-Wan, I have other things to worry about than you, whoever
the hell you are.  I don't LIKE people who barge into my place uninvited,
threaten me, and try to push me around.  I've got other things to think
about and better things to do than to listen to you rant.  End of the
world my ass.  Now get out!"

      Setsuna shook her head quietly and headed to the door.  "You will
regret this.  The blood of your friends is on your hands."  She stepped
out the door.  "But then, you always do things the hard way, don't you?"

      Priss had had enough.  She stormed forward, sword in hand, though it
wasn't activated.  "GET THE FUCK OUT AND DON'T COME BACK!"

      Before she reached Setsuna, she had stepped out the door.  Priss
looked around, but the woman was gone.  Priss growled.  Damn headache.
Damn life.  Damn woman...I HATE hangovers...

      She looked at the sword.  My life just gets more screwed up every
day.

***********************************************************************

     Linna sprang out of bed, rested and happy.  I really had some screwed
up dreams.  She started making herself breakfast.  I'd better get a move
on, she thought.  I must have misset my alarm clock last night...oh wait,
my morning classes are cancelled while they're fixing that wiring fault.
She slowed down.  I can relax a little.  

     A flashing light caught her attention.  The answering machine had
messages for her.  She went over and hit the play button.  BEEP!  "Don't
forget what I told you last night, Linna.  It's very important."  It was
Master Hiromi.  Linna's knees quietly buckled and she fainted.

***********************************************************************


     Nene began to wake up.  Stupid headache.  There's something on my
chest...an arm.  She tried to remember last night.  Space Ship.  Laser
Satellites...Someone's in bed with me.  She shrieked instinctively, then
noticed it was Ryu, right about the same time as he woke up and teleported
half way across the room instinctively.  

     "Ahh, what's wrong?"

     Nene blinked.  "I...you..."

     "I seem to vaguely remember you inisisting I stay."  Ryu walked back
over to Nene and sat down next to her.  "I'm sorry I didn't tell you about
all this before, but..."

     Nen sat up and sighed.  "Well, we both had our reasons to keep
secrets."  She made a come hither gesture at Ryu, who came over and sat
down.  Leaning her head against his shoulder, she said, "How much...how
much longer are  you going to stay on Earth?"

     "Depends on how long I can keep the Emperor from calling me home.  At
least another year until I finish my degree.  Longer, I hope."  He paused
and took a deep breath.  "Nene...would you...come with me when I go?"

     Nene blushed.  "I...I can't answer that yet.  I don't know...my
friends need me, but...I don't want to be seperated from you either."

     He noded.  "I understand.  We both have responsibilities we can't
avoid.  Although who knows what Celia will do now...she may not be staying
here either."

     Nene nodded.  "Why do I have this vague feeling I'm forgetting
something?"

     Ryu thought for a moment.  "Do you work today?"

     Nene looked at the clock.  "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!"
She sprung to her feet.  "Lt. Yamano is going to FLAY ME ALIVE!  I'm gonna
be late...."

     Ryu laughed.  "If you can get ready in five minutes...I can get you
to work on time."

     "How are you going to...oh..."  Nene laughed.  "So how do I learn to
do that?"

     Ryu laughed.  "I'll take you to see Grandma...Just remember...don't
EVER volunteer for anything when you are visiting her..."
     



















Siberia
1908 AD

     GP officer Kay turned to her partner.  "Nice shooting, Yoori.
They're going to have to make an emergency landing or be blown to bits."

     They had been chasing this ship for days.  These three renegades had
escaped almost ten years ago.  All three of them were wanted for more
crimes than either Kay or Yoori could remember.  Now, months of effort had
finally lead them to these three, known only as X, Y, and Z.  Real names
unknown.  

      Yoori frowned.  "We're about to enter a restricted system.  No one
is supposed to enter here without Juraiian permisson."

     "Right.  You call them while we give chase.  If we stop to file
paperwork, they'll find somewhere to hide!"

     The paperwork was still in progress when they spotted the ship
heading for the third planet from the sun.  The computer's records were
rather sketchy, but the planet was named 'Dirt'.  What kind of weirdoes
name their planet 'Dirt'?, Kay wondered.  They probably worship a mud-god
or something.  

     Yoori frowned.  "They're heading for the surface."

     "That's easily fixed."  Kay opened fire.

     "Hey!  You might kill them!"

     "You wanna try and comb the freaking surface for them?  On a planet
named 'Dirt?'  No way."

     Yoori buried her face in her hands, leaning foward and letting her
dark blue hair cascade down onto the controls.  "Well, they won't be
getting away.  Because there won't be anything LEFT of them!"

     The ship spiraled downward towards a snow covered forest in the
northeastern corner of the largest continental mass on the planet.

     "Right.  Well, we can do a flyby and check for wreckage,"  Kay said.  


     There wasn't any wreckage, just a crater with fused sides and the
trees leaning inwards towards the explosion.  "That's creepy,"  Kay said.

     "Their drive must have imploded.  Shrunk the whole ship into a
micro-black hole, then right out of the space-time continuum."  Yoori
said.

    "Well, that'll make the report easy to write."

     Yoori sighed and headed the ship back out of the system.  Three less
criminals in the universe, she thought, and no witnesses to our presence.

     She was wrong on both counts.  To the west stood a small hut, and by
that hut stood a man in monk's robes, who had seen everything.  And
heading towards him were three glowing spheres of light...

***************************************************************************

Chapter 8:  Blown Cover

***************************************************************************

     Andrea groaned and dragged herself out of bed.  Time to go spy on
suspect #3, she thought.  I hope this isn't as much a waste of time as the
previous guy...

     She soon got dressed and went to check her recording equipment.  The
subject was a man named Thomas Fujitsu, employee in the Computer
Department of the ADPolice.  I hope this guy didn't bring some woman home
like the last one did, she thought.  The last thing I need is a tape full
of 'oh baby, oh baby'.  

     Her wish came true.  She sat at her computer and punched a few keys,
then flicked a switch.  "Analysis of recording, Dairak?"

     A voice spoke, "Subject led a boring normal life except for one
unusual phone call.  Shall I call it up?"

     "Yes."

     There was a brief pause.  "Time stamp:  10:55 pm."

                     **********************

     The phone rang.  Thomas Fujitsu answered the phone.  "Yeah, what?"

     "Would you like to buy a copy of the Watchtower?"

     "Thanks, I'd rather eat rocks."

     "We've started advertising in the Tokyo Star.  There's a Kingdom Hall
in your area.  We open at ten, you're welcome to..."

     "What part of rocks don't you understand?"

     Fujitsu hung up, then went and got a copy of the Tokyo Star from his
dinner table.  Unfortunately, Andrea couldn't see what he was reading from
this angle.

                       ***********************

     Andrea went and got her copy of the Tokyo Star.  Let's see...she
paged through it and found an ad for the new kingdom hall of Jehovah's
Witnesses.  Time to go see if our friend is on his way there.  "Has he
left his house yet?"

     "Not yet."

     "Good...time for me to do a little following, I think."

***************************************************************************

     Noa stepped out of the car.  Six Ingrams stood on carriers in front
of her.  They were numbered 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, and 7 and looked rather
incongrous in a clearing in the middle of a forest.   She laughed and
turned to her husband, Asuma.  "What, no number one?"

     He smiled.  "If we take Alphonse out of your restaurant before we're
ready, the government AND Genom will be all over us."  

     Noa looked at the collection of teenagers and young adults.  "Where'd
you find these people, anyway?"

     Goto came out from behind one of the carriers.  "Our psychic
friends."

     Noa blinked.  "Heh...you always were a kidder, Chief.  Seriously."

     Asuma put one hand behind his head, and briefly looked like the kid
he had been when he first became a labor pilot.  "He's not kidding, Noa."

     "They're ALL psychics?"  One or two, Noa could believe, but THIS
MANY?

     "And blood relatives,"  Goto said.  "I wanted to get Ohta for this,
but he's too old.  Also, if he left the Academy, people might notice."
Ohta was a semi-retired shooting instructor at the ADPolice Academy now.
He should have retired years ago, but as long as he remained somewhat
active, he had access to guns.  That was enough to keep him in the
business, so to speak.  "You and Asuma are the only two of us who are
young enough to take a more active role in this...and I didn't want to
drag everyone out of their lives into this.  It's going to be very
dangerous."

      Noa continued to boggle.  "Where did you get all these Ingrams,
anyway, dear?"  she asked Asuma.

      He smiled.  "Most of them are cobbled together from damaged ones we
had in a warehouse.  Two of them were supposedly melted down for parts
back in 2027.  We've been working on this for years.  We have only so long
before someone notices this.  Let's go...time for us to play teacher."

      I hope you know what you're doing, chief...The song 'Revolution #1'
began to echo in her head, 'So you say you want a Revolution...'

***************************************************************************

     Celia came out to the kitchen.   A huge breakfast of pancakes,
sausage, bacon, and eggs was waiting there for her.  Macky was already
eating, as was Meylia.  "Good morning, dear.  How are you?"

     Celia smiled and sat down.  "Still trying to figure out what to do
next..."

     "Well, once you finish work today, Father and I were going to see
about trying to awaken you and Macky's abilities while everyone else is
out investigating."

     Celia nodded.  "I...Telling everyone about this is going to
be...Priss is going to think I'm nuts.  I almost think I'm nuts."

     Macky shrugged.  "Something like that."  He laughed.  "As long as I
get fed like this more often, I don't care if I find out I'm related to a
giant flaming carnivorous gerbil."

     Meylia and Celia both laughed.  "None of our relatives are quite THAT
strange, I think."

***************************************************************************

     The morning sentry at USSD yawned.  Boring morning.  It's always a
boring morning.  There was a flash of light, and 200 disabled laser
satellites appeared in the parking lot of USSD.  Suddenly, the morning
wasn't going to be so boring after all.

*************************************************************************

      Priss stomped into her band's rented practice room.  George, the new
drummer, looked up.  "Someone pissed in your wheaties again?"

     "If you see a woman with long green hair and reddish eyes, kick her
ass for me, okay?"  Priss stomped over to the fridge.  "Hey, there's
nothing in here but non-alcholic sake...that's like making coffee without
any beans."

     "WHAT?"  Ruby, the guitarist said.  "Who the hell did that?"

     Priss grumbled.  Someone out there is trying to piss me off.

     The bass guitarist didn't know it, but he was about to come due for a
beating.

***************************************************************************

     Andrea sat casually in her car and watched a small monitor that was
obeserving her target's living room.  He stepped out the front door, and
she turned on her engine.  It was pretty easy to follow him over to the
Kingdom Hall.  I wonder how someone dresses for a place like this, she
thought.  I hope I won't look like a mutant.  She was wearing a nice
blue blouse and a long skirt.  She had read the briefing her computer gave
her, but it was stock full of unexplained terms that would have required
more time than she had to do research.  I'll just try to act respectful.

     She followed him in.

****************************************************************************

     Linna woke up.  The answering machine messages had finished.  She
listened to the first message again.  I'm not hallucinating.  But it was
just a dream!  Just a dream, damnit!  A memory took her.

                           ***************************

     Linna moved through the form gracefully as her master watched.  She
had been practicing this one for weeks.  If beauty contests had done
anything for her, they had made her able to do virtually anything with
people watching her and not be bothered.  Even knowing she would be yelled
at if she messed up didn't phase her.  Only the form mattered.  

     She finished the form, then returned to a standing ready position.

     Her master was silent.  Too silent.  Linna frowned.  "What did I do
wrong?"

     A soft snore answered her.  Linna sighed.

     Hiromi laughed.  "Just joking.  You did very well, but I can 
tell that something is bothering you."

     "Master...how did you know that Taiki would dump me?"

     "He's an obnoxious jerk."

     "But..."

     "Also, I dreamed it.  And saw it."

     "Dreams don't mean anything!"

     "Some do, and some do not.  Part of life is learning to tell the
difference.  You may see what was, what is, or what may be."

     "But I never dreamed he would dump me...I had no clue."

     "Only because you chose not to see them.  If you go on ignoring
whatever you don't want to see, Linna, you will end by seeing nothing at
all...Do not be afraid to see, Linna."

                           ***************************

     Linna sighed.  I have to know more...It's probably all just in my
mind...but...  She tried calling Master Hiromi, but no one answered.  Now
what?  Maybe I should go talk to Celia...I've got a few hours until I have
to teach my classes.  If nothing else, she might be able to recommend me a
good psychologist.  I hope I don't NEED one.

***************************************************************************

     Leon sat with Mihoshi at their desks.  Only a few more days and Daley
is back, Leon thought.  Thank GOD.  "Well, I've got the final report done
on that haircut boomer.  What little we have to report."  
          
     Mihoshi was busily typing away at something at her desk and humming a
tune to herself.  "Oh, you're doing it?  I thought you wanted me to do
it."

    Leon said, "We don't need a 20 page report for this..."  Leon had
learned that Mihoshi, whatever her other flaws, wrote the most thorough
reports in the history of police departments.  Too thorough.  The boss
didn't need every word spoken by anyone during the case...Mihoshi seemed
to remember EVERYTHING...too bad she couldn't ever do anything useful with
everything she noticed.  

     He wandered over to see what she was typing.  'Haircut boomer missing
its registration plate.  Plate appeared to have been removed with a
blowtorch or similar device rather than the screws being removed.'

     Leon frowned.  I hadn't noticed that...  "Wait, the registration
plate was melted off?"

     Mihoshi nodded.  "It might have been whatever killed it did that
too."

     "Why didn't you say anything?"

     "I didn't really notice it until I actually thought about it."  She
paused.  "Wait...why would the owner melt off the plate when he or she
could just remove it with a screwdriver?"

      "Why would the owner want to bother removing the plate at all?
Unless someone wanted it to look destroyed in the...baah.  Something is
not making sense...unless whoever did this knew it would be destroyed in
such a way that we might not realize the plate was deliberately removed
instead of destroyed in the battle..."  Leon frowned.  But what would be
the POINT of that?

     Mihoshi thought for a second.  "Maybe the person who removed the
plate didn't have a screwdriver...if this was maybe a stolen boomer, and
they just fused the plate off so it couldn't be traced.  And if it was
stolen, they might have taken parts or something for sale elsewhere and
that's why it became unstable."

     Leon nodded.  "True.  They might have just not wanted to bother
removing the plate carefully...it's not like they needed it.  Maybe we'd
better go check out this haircut place a little more thoroughly."

     Mihoshi nodded.  "Sounds good to me."

     "Let's go."  Leon got up.  I guess Mihoshi does come in handy,
sometimes.

***************************************************************************

     Linna headed home from the grocery store.  She felt better now.  I
just needed to get my mind off this.  I'll go put this stuff away, go
teach my classes, then go home.  Yes, that'll be good.  

     Linna's return home was about to be...delayed.

***************************************************************************

     Andrea listened quietly through the door into the room she had just
followed her target to.  

      "Ahh, the disk.  Very good.  Let's see what we have here."  Andrea
didn't recognize the deep male voice that had just spoken.

      "Why couldn't I just email you the information?"  This, on the other
hand, was her target.  

      "Because a system that is not open to outside access can't be hacked
into from the outside.  It makes it rather difficult to recieve email
too."  Andrea could hear typing noises.

      "You need me to stay or can I go now?"

      More typing noises were the only reply at first.  Finally, the first
man spoke.  "Hmm.  This was all you could find on Loughlin?"

      Fujitsu replied, "Yeah.  The records on her are rather minimal."

     "Hmmm.  That confirms it.  She is the one."

     "So now what?"

     "Just continuing gathering the usual information and monitoring.
We'll handle this.  You're a computer expert, not a field agent.  See you
later."

     Andrea prepared to duck out of sight.  Unfortunately...

     "Hey, what are you doing here?"  Two beefy men in business suits were
confronting her.  

     "Help, I'm REALLY lost,"  she said.

     "Oh.  Right.  Follow us."  The men turned and started to lead Andrea
out of the building.  Sadly, before they got out of sight of the door,
Thomas Fujitsu stepped out of the room she had been listening to the
conversation in.

    Things only got worse from there.

*****************************************************************************

     Mihoshi and Leon paused in front of the new Kingdom Hall that had
just opened about half a block from the barbershop they were heading to.
Mihoshi stared at the sign.  "Ano, what's a Jehovah?"

     "He's the god they worship, I think.  Actually, I'm really not sure."
Leon spotted Linna, stuck in traffic, and waved.

     Linna blinked and waved back.  Wonder what they're doing around here,
she thought.  She rolled down the window, "Hello, officers."

     Leon came over.  "Hey, you know who these Jehovah's Witness people
are?  Mihoshi was wondering."

     Linna shrugged.  "A Hindu sect, maybe?"  She paused.  "No...Jehovah
another name for God...I think.  I've never heard of these guys though."

     At this point, there was an explosion inside the hall and Andrea came
running out with a gun in her right hand, swearing loudly.  Linna,
Mihoshi, and Leon blinked in unison.  Two huge men in suits with pistols
were shooting at her.

     Linna muttered, "They must be a militant sect...", then shouted,
"Andrea, what the HELL is going on?"

     Andrea spotted her fellow officers.  "Run!  RUN!!!!!"
     Leon and Mihoshi drew their guns.  "What the hell is going on here?"

     "I found a hacker into the ADPolice system so I stupidly chased him
here by myself...he had friends.  Run, I think these are boomers!" Andrea
ran.  Leon and Mihoshi followed her lead.

     "Where are we running to?"  Mihoshi asked.

     Linna watched them run.  I hope Andrea's going to be okay...

     "Somewhere they aren't!"  Andrea said, turning down an alleyway.

     Leon said, "Why don't we just shoot them?"

     "They've either got body armor, or they're boomers."  Andrea replied.  

     Mihoshi said, "If they're boomers, we're going to need help."

     Leon said, "Mihoshi, you go to our car and call for backup.  Andrea
and I will take these guys for a long jog."

     Mihoshi nodded and ran off.  Leon turned to Andrea, "This hacker was
working for this religious group?"

     "He's an ADPolice employee, named Thomas Fujitsu.  Works in
computers.  He was reporting to someone in there, but I suspect it's just
a front.  Why would some religious group want to infiltrate ADP?"

     Leon nodded.  "How'd you get on this guy's trail?"

     "Someone hacked into my personal records.  He was overconfident about
his ability to hide his backtrail.  He hacked into your records too...and
a lot of other people."

     Leon frowned.  "Damnit.  A traitor."  They almost reached the end of
the alleyway when two more figures stepped into view.  

     "End of the line."

     "SHIT."

****************************************************************************

     The ADPolice officers finished combing the area while Mihoshi ran
around everywhere, shouting, "LEON!"

     Lt. Shinohara came over to Mihoshi.  "Well, we haven't found a body,
so probably whoever it was took both of them captive...whoever it was.
The Jehovah's Witnesses want to press charges for tresspassing against
Officer Loughlin if we ever find her."

     Mihoshi pulled herself together.  "Thank you, Lt. Shinohara.  I need
to go report in."  Her lips moved without forming any coherent words and
she trembled slightly.  "I'm going to take one last look."

     She went back to the alleyway and looked around.  A few officers were
still picking over it, but it didn't seem likely they'd find anything
useful.  Mihoshi wandered around.  There has to be a clue
somewhere...Distracted, she slipped on a banana peel and landed in a pile
of garbage.  A small red globe earring was lying about an inch from her
eye.  Ahah!  A clue, she thought.  Oh wait...this is one of THOSE
earrings.  She smiled.  All hope was not lost.

*****************************************************************************

     Linna finally finished her classes for the day and went home.  She
was rather surprised to find Mihoshi on her doorstep, trying hard not to
cry.  "Mihoshi, what's wrong?"

     Mihoshi grabbed Linna.  "You've got to help me!  I can't find anyone
else and they've got my partners!"

     Linna blinked.  "Who has your partners?" PartnerS?

     "I don't know, but we've got to hurry before they kill her or
something!"

     "Ummm...If you know where she is, why haven't you called in the rest
of the people at the ADPolice?"

     "I did, but they don't know where to look!"

     "Well, what good would I be?"

     "I can't tell them about this transmitter she was carrying because
it's a secret!  Tenchi'll get mad at me!  WAAAAAHHH!!!!!"

     Linna blinked.  "Andrea is carrying a transmitter?"

     Mihoshi nodded.  "It's standard Galaxy Police Issue."

     "Standard what?"

     Mihoshi said, "Uh...Pretend I didn't say that, okay?"

     Linna blinked.  "You really ARE from outer space?"

     Mihoshi jumped up and down.  "How did you guess?"

     "Let me go call some back up..." She paused.  "Wait...ANDREA was
carrying the transmitter?  She's from space too?"

     "Yes!  She's my partner...uh...waaah, I wasn't supposed to tell
anyone that either!"

     Linna shook her head.  Isn't ANYONE normal anymore?

*****************************************************************************

      Leon looked over at Andrea.  "I don't suppose you've got a laser in
your watch by any chance?"

      Andrea laughed.  "Not me."

      They were both tied up in the corner of a large old warehouse.  Two
of the thugs were watching them, but not very well.  They seemed to be
waiting for someone.  "Any idea who these people are?"  Leon asked.

     "Almost certainly Genom...who else would bother to infiltrate
ADPolice?"  Besides us, Andrea thought.  "Not that they'll admit it."

     Leon nodded.  "Well, maybe Mihoshi will find us."  He paused.  "On
second thought, I think I'm going to pray for a quick death."

     "Oh, she'll save us.  We won't enjoy it...but somehow, she'll save
us.  She always accomplishes what she sets out to do.  Everyone around her
may suffer intensely, but she'll find us."  Andrea laughed faintly.
"Haven't you noticed that by now?"

     Leon nodded.  "Somehow, she does get stuff done...don't ask me how.
So why did you go after this guy by yourself?"

     Andrea sighed.  "Because I'm stupid.  I hate to say that...but yeah,
this was stupid."

     A car drove into the warehouse.  A man got out.  He was tall with
short brown hair, wearing a dark suit.  Three men who looked like, 'Joe
bodyguard' surrounded him as he got out and walked over.  "Interesting.  I
am surprised to see you here, Officer McNichol."

     "Nice to meet you.  Who the hell are you?"

     The man smiled.  "You may call me Mr. Warren, if you like." 
       
     "Not really, but I will anyway."  Leon said.  "You're making a lot of
trouble for yourself, mister!"

     The man laughed.  "I would never have pegged you as one of their
agents...but the world is full of surprises, I suppose."  

     Andrea recognized the man as the voice she had heard talking to
Fujitsu before.  "You got that right."

     "So, do you want to tell us everything now, or do we have to beat it
out of you?  I don't care either way."

     Andrea glanced over at Leon who said, "Well, I don't have any
secrets.  Ask me whatever you want."  Much as I'd like to be defiant, he
thought, what's he going to ask me that I can't tell him?"

     Andrea smiled faintly.  "Whatever."

     "So how long have you been working for the Yakuza, Officer McNichol?"

     Leon laughed.  "The WHAT?  What gives you a crazy idea like that?"

     Andrea said, "He just happened to be in the area investigating
another case.  He's not part of this...he doesn't know anything."

     "Uh huh.  Just a coincidence.  Right.  And I'm the King of Siam.  I
suppose you're not aware that 'Officer Loughlin' is neither an officer nor
really named Andrea Loughlin?"  The man sounded clearly rhethorical.

     "WHAT?"  Leon looked over at Andrea.

     Andrea sighed.  "Got any proof of that?"

     "Besides the fact that no one in New York City knows who you are,
other than your 'superior', who sang a different tune when we got ahold of
him...you paid him pretty well, I have to admit."

     Andrea laughed.  "What gives you the crazy idea I'm Yakuza?  They
don't exactly recruit women, you know."

     Leon just stared.  She was a spy?  In the ADPolice?  Clearly not
working for GENOM...assuming this guy was working for Genom...haven't seen
anyone yet we can prove is a boomer.  Of course, Andrea might be a boomer.
Leon's brain started tying itself into knots.  

     Andrea's earring pinged softly.  She smiled.  

     "Then who ARE you really working for?  SCHAFT?  US Robots?"

     "You wouldn't believe me if I told you."  Andrea said.  A tiny voice
whispered in her ear.  Too bad this thing doesn't have a longer range, she
thought.  
 
     Leon looked around.  Where's that faint voice coming from.

     Mr. Warren's frowned.  He thought he heard something too.  "Try me.
I've heard some very wild true stories."

     "Well, here's a little story.  I'm from outer space, working for the
Galaxy Police.  My partner is about to blast her way in here with her
space ship and turn you into a large pile of ash along with your little
friends.  Someone in your company has a grudge against the house of Jurai
and we're going to bring him to justice, quite possibly over your dead
body.  Do you want to surrender now or shall we do this the hard way?"

     Leon blinked.  Mr. Warren began to laugh.  "I haven't had this good a
laugh in a long time.  Let's try the truth this time around?"

     "Okay,  the truth is that my partner can't find the keys to her
spaceship, so she brought the Knight Sabres instead.  KNIGHT SABRES, GO!"

     The ceiling exploded and four female figures in hard suits crashed
down, followed by a fifth figure in a green clunky looking battle suit who
toppled through the hole and landed on her head.  She promptly started
yelling, "Owwie!"

     Everyone froze for a few seconds as Sabre-Green quietly slapped her
forehead.  Sabre Prime spoke.  "Give up now."

     Mr. Warren swore.  Damnit.  "Deal with them,"  he said to his
bodyguards and ran.  The three bodyguards promptly did the 'split out of
their skin into a big blue laws of physics defying critter' trick.  The
Sabres opened fire, not waiting for them to finish.  The other men in the
place ran for their lives, knowing they were just ordinary humans and not
heavily enough armed to deal with the Knight Sabres.  

     Sabre-Pink chased Mr. Warren while the others dealt with the three
combat boomers.  Meanwhile, the clunky green mech headed over to where
Leon and Andrea were still tied up.  Leon turned to Andrea.  "Please tell
me that's NOT Mihoshi in that thing."

     "That's not Mihoshi in that thing."  Andrea said.  

    The green mech tried to lean down to untie the two and fell down
instead, nearly crushing Leon's legs.  "ITAI!"  The mech shouted.

     Leon sighed.  "You lied to me!"

     "You asked me to lie to you!"

     "Good point."

     Meanwhile, the Sabres were having a moderately rough time of it with
the boomers.  While this model of bodyguard boomer was low on offensive
capabilities, they were very tough and fast, which made them hard to kill.
Linna and her opponent danced about, both of them trying to get the other
to make a mistake, neither succeeding.  Priss was wrestling with hers.
She managed to pin it, but then didn't have any weapons conveniently
placed to DO anything to it.  Celia's opponent was wary, also, dodging her
gunfire and managing to stay out of arm's reach.

     Mr. Warren, on the other hand, had no luck.  Sabre-Pink easily
grabbed him and dragged him off.  Meanwhile, the green mech managed to get
back up and untie Andrea and Leon.  Mihoshi popped up her face plate.
"Are you two okay?"

     "We're fine, Mihoshi,"  Leon said.  What the HELL is going on here?
Damn I'm confused.  

      "Good!  Time for me to save the day!"  She turned and opened fire on
the mech Celia was fighting.  Her lasers cut it in half, then kept going
and caused Mr. Warren's car to explode.  "Ooops."

      Mr. Warren tried not to cry.  "My CAR!"

      Andrea laughed.  "Poor baby."  She turned to Leon.  "I think that's
our cue to get out before we become collateral damage."

      He nodded and ran.  

      Celia went after Priss's opponent and finished it off with her
electroknife, then both of them went after Linna's opponent.  By this
point, most of the men had cleared out and the few that were left simply
threw their hands in the air. 

     Nene dragged Mr. Warren over to the other sabres.  Priss grinned at
Warren.  "I needed a good fight.  Thank you."

     "Uh, you're welcome."

     "Now you're going to tell us EVERYTHING."

     Mr. Warren said, "Or you'll what?"

    "Or I'll use you to play 'Operation'.  With my railgun."  Priss said.

     Mr. Warren began to sweat.

**********************************************************************

     Leon turned to Andrea outside.  "What the HELL is going on?"

     "I can't tell you everything...but...I am really a cop.  Just not
from New York.  However, I'm on leave from that job.  Genom has been
killing off memebers of a family that is very important to me.  So I came
when they asked to infiltrate the ADPolice.  We're trying to find out who
in Genom is responsible so we can bring them down.  Mihoshi's a cop too
where we're from.  She's my partner in fact."

      "And where are you from?"

      She sighed.  "I can't tell you that yet.  I swear that I'm not any
kind of corporate spy.  I haven't done anything to obstruct the ADPolice.
And I really was chasing someone who was hacking into people's files.  He
was a plant for Genom."

      "And the Knight Sabres are working for the same people you are?  Or
are they the people you work for?"

      "Yes.  They're working with us now."

      The sounds of fighting had died down.  Leon swore mentally.  Now
what do I do?  I have to tell my superiors SOMETHING...  "So now what?"

      "I think this is my resignation from the ADPolice so to speak.  I've
done my part.  Mr. Warren should be waiting for you inside."  She held out
her hand.  "It's been nice working with you and everyone at the ADPolice."

      "I can't just let you leave!  I..."

      "Unless you can knock me out with sheer moral force, I'm out of
here.  Although I suspect we will meet again.  Good day, Officer
McNichol."

      She ran off, leaving Leon staring after her.  This is going to be
TOO much fun trying to explain this at HQ.

****************************************************************************

      Warren had sung like a bird.  He was working for a man named
Wallace, one of the new Vice Presidents at Genom.  Wallace was in charge
of various corporate spies.  Fujitsu was one of Warren's agents in the
ADPolice.  He had no connection to the assassination, or at least none
they could shake out of him.  However, he said he wouldn't be surprised to
learn Genom had agents in Schilling Enterprises, who WERE connected to it.  

       They'd wrung lots of names and places out of him.  Of course, a lot
of the information wouldn't stay good for long...

       One piece of information, however, would.  It was Wallace who had
sent the attack on Meylia.  

      "Now what, Celia?"  Nene asked.  The Sabres had returned to base.
Mihoshi and Andrea, whose real name was Kiyone, had headed off to let the
others know what was going on.  

      "Time to rip this group of agents apart and see what falls when we
shake the tree.  But first, we'll need to confer with our new friends and 
see what they've learned."

       Priss sat quietly and brooded.  I've got to talk to someone
normal...someone who isn't part of this...but hardly anyone falls into
this category any more.  "I need to be alone for a while.  Call me when
you need me or when we're going to do something."

       Linna sighed.  Andrea was the last normal person I knew that I was
really close to...Although with that dream...no, I won't think about that.
I guess I should call Master Hiromi.  "Well, if we're not going to do
anything right now, I'm gonna go too."

     Celia looked at Nene.  "I'll stay.  We can practice being royalty
together," Nene said, laughing.

     Priss snorted.  "If you put crowns on our hardsuits, I'll kill you.
I'm outta here."

     Celia said, "Keep in touch.  We may do something later tonight."

     Priss nodded.  "Let's blow this palace, eh Linna?"

     Linna quietly slapped herself mentally.  Priss is still as normal as
she ever was...I must be starting to go crazy in the head.  As they walked
out, she said, "I bet you never expected things would get this strange
when Celia walked into your life, eh?"

     Priss turned to her with a vaguely haunted look.  "No, I didn't.
Nothing quite like finding out someone is not quite what you thought they
were?"

     "Well, we're still the same.  It's kinda scary.  Then again, maybe
someone will show up and tell us both we're faerie princesses, eh?"

      Priss started, then stared suspiciously at Linna.  Linna paled.
"Sorry, I was trying to be funny..."

      "You failed."  Priss got on her bike and roared off.

      Linna stared after her.  What did I say?  Maybe I'll go barhopping
for a while...I NEED a drink.

*****************************************************************************



















July 4, 1995

      Captain Goto stared at the wreckage around the school.  Total
devastation.  The building was a burnt out wreck.  Several blocks around
the school were heavily devastated at best, leveled at worst.  He turned
to Lt. Taiko.  "They're claiming this was the result of an electrical
fire?"

       "Combined with some unauthorized experiments that one of the
chemistry teachers was apparently conducting.  The only known survivor of
the disaster is Professor Tomoe."

       Goto frowned.  "Wasn't he involved in some lab experiment a few
years back that resulted in the death of everyone except himself and his
daughter?"

      Taiko, a tall woman with long greenish-black hair, nodded.  "He's in
custody.  He seems to have snapped from the shock of it all.  Babbling
about demons and whatnot."

      "And he's the only witness?"

      "The only SURVIVOR.  We've got statements from some few people who
were in the general area and able to witness some of the events.  They
claim..."

      "Don't trail off dramatically like that.  They claim what?"  Goto
started to walk forward into the devastated area.  Something horrible had
happened here.  

      "They claim armies of demons and the Sailor Soldiers were duking it
out here, sir.  We also have reports of an exploding helicopter,
forcefields, and..."

       That day was only the beginning of a trip into a world far weirder
than he had ever imagined.

March 31, 1996

     "Still no ransom note?"  Captain Goto asked Lt. Karino.  Karino, a
tall, strong, amiable looking man with rumbled black hair replied, "Nope.
Not a whisper of a ransom note.  I'd think they'd eloped if three of them
weren't male, and just one female."

     Goto nodded.  "Well, to make matters worse, now the artifacts from
the dig site are missing."  

     "Out of the VAULT?"

     Goto nodded.  "This is going to be one of THOSE cases, I think."
More interference from above, he thought.  They don't REALLY want us to
solve this one.  Shinonome High School's not going to be happy...They were
counting on those artifacts to arouse more interest in their school.  Goto
frowned.  At least this isn't as bad as that Mugen Gakuen disaster.  That
was a nightmare.  

      Karino sighed.  "It'd be nice if just once we could actually DO our
job."

      This became yet another unsolved case for U division.  The
missing students and teacher reappeared a few days later and suddenly 
everyone was acting as if nothing had ever happened...The missing
artifacts reappeared and no one outside of U division seemed to
remember them having ever been gone.  Three years later, their superiors
bumped Captain Goto upstairs to command one of the units of SV2...They
thought he could do less damage there...They were wrong.

December 31, 2000 AD
      
      Chief Goto sat quietly in his office, listening to the radio.  Chief
Shinobu perched on a chair nearby.  "Well, I'm off to celebrate the new
year,"  Shinobu said.

      Goto looked up her, his face carefully blank.   "So where did you
get the weighted coin?"

      She laughed.  "It was YOUR coin."

      "Well, something usually happens on New Years.  We won't be bored at
least."

      "Maybe you'll get to play with another Griffin."


******************************************************************************

Chapter 9:  The Art of Conversation

******************************************************************************

     Linna sat, bored out of her skull, at the bar in 'Beers', one of her
favorite hang-outs.  Absolutely NOTHING was happening tonight.  There
wasn't even anything on TV.  She had tried calling Rachel and Ursula,
but they had run off somewhere.  The last three bars she had been in, like
this one, had all been showing the 'Nick Hatchett, Robot Fighter'
Anniversary special because it was the least boring thing on TV...and it
was a rerun.  Damn Nick Hatchett and his damn perky girlfriend, she
thought.  I wish I had my hardsuit so I could blow him away.

      She sighed.  I'm starting to sound like Priss, she thought.  She
looked around.  Everyone else, all four of them, looked as bored as her.
Maybe more so.  She looked over at the bartender.  "This city is DEAD
tonight!"

      He nodded.  "I like it that way.  Could use a little more business,
though."

      Linna got another beer, and chugged it.  I wish Andrea had been
home.  At least we could have been bored together.  The doors of the bar
opened, and a handsome tall man with curly blond hair walked in.  He was
hard to see with his olive skin in the dim light of the bar, but Linna
liked what she saw.  Then he walked over to her and things began to look
up...

***************************************************************************

     Priss roared through the streets, driving aimlessly.  Now what?, she
thought.  Hmmm.  Maybe I should go practice with this new energy
sword...The thought of carving up something appealed to her strongly.  She
turned and headed towards an abandoned building development she knew of.
There should be plenty of junk lying around I can carve up.  

     As she headed down highway 20, she spotted a rapidly approaching
cycle in her rearview mirror.  A blue bike was zooming foward.  It had two
people riding on it, a tall thin blond guy with long bangs and a shorter
woman with shoulder-length wavy green hair.  She sped up, but to her
surprise, the duo caught up with her.  The man, who she guessed was maybe
five or so years older than herself, gestured at her, then pulled ahead.

     Priss smiled.  A challenge, eh?  Let's show you what I've got.

     They raced down the mostly empty highway, passing what few cars got
in their way.  Both the guy and his cycle were damn good, Priss thought.
I don't want to use my boost for just this...damn fuel for it is
expensive.  

     They raced past the site where Priss had intended to stop, then
switched highways to circle around the north side of the city.  Finally,
the man made another gesture and headed for an exit.  Priss followed him
down to a parking lot of a Colonel Chicken by the exit.  The man smiled at
Priss.  "Damn, you're good.  You on the racing circuit?"

     Priss took off her helment.  "Nope.  I sing.  You're a pro racer?"  

     The man laughed.  "Yes.  Ten'ou Hikaru.  Dad was a racer too."  There
was an odd note in the man's voice, as if he was joking about something,
though he hadn't said anything funny.  "Cars and cycles, though I prefer
cycles."

     The woman smiled.  "I'm Ten'ou Miki.  Nice to meet you."  She turned
to the man and said with her musical voice, "I suppose you forgot that you
were taking me to my rehearsal?"

     The man blushed.  "..."

     "You act?"  Priss paused.  "Oh, I'm Priss.  Priss S. Asagiri.  Nice
to meet you."

     "I'm a violinist in the Tokyo Chamber Orchestra.  I also do
recordings.  Right now, I'm supposed to be at a rehearsal for our next
concert."

      Priss cocked her head and looked at Hikaru.  Something familiar
about this guy...She shook her head.  "Well, nice to meet you.  Next time
I won't go easy on you."

      The man laughed.  "Neither will I."  He put his helmet back on and
got on the cycle, as did the woman.  "Maybe I'll see you at the next race,
eh?"

     Priss smiled.  "Maybe you will."  She drove off, feeling much cheered
up.

**************************************************************************

     Professor Hiyama sighed.  Her husband's flight had been hijacked to
Afghanistan, so he was going to be a few days late coming home...this
happens all the time, she thought.  And he wonders why I won't go on these
trips with him during the school year...My students would never see me
again.  It gets lonely, sometimes, though.

     She looked around the house, a wonderland of ancient artifacts,
hand-carved furniture, but almost devoid of human life.  With Johnny and
Hikaru grown up and moved away, it seems so empty whenever Dear has to
go.  She put an old CD from the 2000s on, 'Baka Baka Baka' by a band named
DoCo.  The rather silly opening song soon lightened up the house.

     Settling into a reverie, she was startled when there was a knock on
the door.  She opened the door and found two old friends.  "Kyosuke-kun!
Madoka-san!"  She hugged them both tightly.  "Decided to come out of
hiding long enough to visit me?"  she teased.

      They stepped in and closed the door.  "We've found another one,
Hikaru-chan,"  Kyosuke said.

      "Another what?"

      They all went and sat down in the living room.  Hikaru turned down
the stereo.  

      "Remember Y?"

      Hikaru shuddered.  "There's MORE of those things?"  She remembered
it all too well.  She had spent fifty years trying to forget what that
thing had done to her, what it had made her do.  She had accepted what
came from that, the power she now had, but to remember being
posssessed...she could never forget it, but she frequently wished she
could.  

      "We think it's running Genom...or at least influencing it.  After
talking to someone you need to meet, we learned more about what that was."

     "What was it?"

     "It's from outer space like our ancestor was.  A long time ago,
someone had a serious feud with our ancestors and created a series of
'banes' to try and destroy them.  Some of those came to earth somehow.
That's why Y wanted to destroy all of the Kasugas."

      "How many of those things are there?"

      Madoka sighed.  "We don't know.  Could be only a few...could be
hundreds.  Apparently, the guy who created these things claimed he would
unleash them for centuries to come."

      Hikaru stood up.  "Genom...Are there enough of us to fight Genom?  A
few dozen Kasugas plus me against dozens, maybe hundreds of boomers...This
isn't going to be easy.  Unless we..."  She looked at Kyousuke.

      He shook his head.  "Time travel is too dangerous...We could make a
really huge mess and still not get what we want.  We can't risk it.
Almost every time I've time travelled, things simply ended up worse.  We
still don't know for sure who our target is..."

      Hikaru frowned.  "Get me close enough and I can tell.  I'll KNOW."
She paused.  "If we can find people we can trust, I could..."

      "Well, we do have some help..."  Kyosuke got up.  "Come with us.
There are some people you need to meet."  He paused.  "Thank you,
Hikaru-chan, for being willing to help."

      She smiled.  "Anything for you and Madoka-san.  You're my oldest and
dearest friends."  She reached out and took their hands.  "I take it we're
going to go the fast way, ne?"

      Kasuga laughed.  "Beam us up, Scotty."

      The trio vanished with an audible pop.

****************************************************************************

      Priss pulled into the parking space and parked her bike.  Time to
weasel out of Leon whatever he told his bosses about today's incident, she
thought.  

      Loud music greeted her when she reached Leon's floor.  People were
milling about in the hallway, in and out of various apartments.  Must be
a hall party, Priss thought.  She spotted Leon talking to an old man.
"Well, back in my day, the police all stomped around in giant robots and
smashed everything, but they got the job done."  The man continued
ranting, while Leon kept trying unsuccessfully to get away.  

      Priss smiled faintly.  She walked forward and grabbed Leon.  "There
you are!"  

      Leon smiled as he was dragged off.  "Thanks."

      "Don't mention it.  I hear you got kidnapped?"

      Leon sighed.  "Oy, what a mess.  My partner...was a plant.  So was
another ADPolice member.  Three, in fact.  One of them was working for
Genom...at least they'll get in trouble for this."

      Priss nodded.  "What, he admitted it?"

      "The boss of one of the agents will likely walk, but we busted
Fujitsu, at least, and he's singing like a bird.  If he stays alive to
trial, Genom's going to have to toss a few executives over the side to
stay afloat."  He lead Priss into one of the apartments and got beer for
both of them.  "I won't cry too hard at losing my partner, but...Andrea
was a good cop.  Finding out she was a spy...Now, I'm not sure who else
might be a spy as well."

      "Well, my band could use a roadie if you want to get out of the cop
business."  Priss tried to keep a straight face, but started laughing.  

      Leon laughed too.  "After this...I might take you up on it.
Apparently the Knight Sabres are all tangled up in this too."

      She nodded.  "Maybe they're hiring."  She laughed again.

      He sighed.  "I wish."  

      Priss looked at him.  "You sound really down."

      "I am really down.  This whole business depresses me.  At least
Daley will be back in action in two days."

      A woman's voice spoke from nearby.  "Your partner, right, Mr.
McNichol?"

      Priss turned and looked.  It was that blonde with the weird hairdo
she had met a while back.  

      Leon nodded.  "Please, call me Leon.  Yeah, Daley Wong is my
partner.  Oh, I suppose you two haven't met.  Priss, this is Usagi Chiba.
Usagi, this is Priscilla S. Asagiri."

      Usagi nodded.  "We've met, briefly."

      Priss nodded in unison with Usagi.  "I think I scared her husband."

      Usagi laughed.  "Mamo-chan is very protective. "  She looked at
Priss.  "You sing, right?"

      Priss nodded.  "Yeah.  How did you know?"

      "Leon talks about you a lot."  She smiled faintly as Leon and Priss
both blushed slightly.  "All of it good, of course."

      Priss looked over at Leon.  "And what exactly HAVE you been telling
her?"

      "How good looking his girlfriend is and..."

      "LEON!!!!!"  

      Leon was about to experience much pain.

****************************************************************************

      Noa climbed out of the labor.  Breaking in a new labor was a pain in
the butt, but Asuma was right, moving Alphonse would attract too much
attention.  Psychics..she shivered faintly.  Okay, I've had dealings with
supernatural people before, she thought, but....

                                   ***********

December 31, 2000 AD

      The labor carriers deployed at the edge of the park where the battle
was taking place.  Three labors were beating each other up in the park.
Preliminary reports had identified this as the usual holiday problem of
labor operators getting drunk and using their labors to clobber each
other.  Since none of the three labors had any sort of armnaments, this
would be fairly easy to settle with the Ingrams.  

      The park itself was Mugen Gakuen Memorial park.  After the tragic
destruction of Mugen Gakuen in 1995 in a combined fire and chemical
explosion, the wreckage had been cleared and bought by the city,
then converted into a rather nice park.  

      At first, things went fairly well.  One of the operators was sober
enough to stop with just a warning.  The other two continued to grapple
with each other.  Noa and Ohta moved in and grappled them, pulling them
apart.  They had almost subdued the two idiots when four more labors
charged into the park.  Noa sighed.  Great.  More drunken idiots who want
to join the fun.

      Asuma's voice broke in over the radio.  "Oh my god..."

      "What, what's wrong?"  Noa asked.

      "There's thirty more coming."

      "WHAT?"  Noa froze up for a moment.

      Asuma's voice sounded more fearful by the second.  "There's rioting
at the JSDF base.  We're getting a lot of confused reports.  And Juuban-ku
is on fire."

      "The whole district?"

      "They're calling out the Riot Police.  All sorts of crazy reports."

      Noa turned and saw several dozen labors heading for the park, a mere
fraction of the thousands in the city.  These were different.  No one was
operating them.  "This must be something like that HOS disaster...Has
Unit 1 been called out?"

      He paused, and radioed for more information.  He didn't like what he
heard.  "Unit 1 was called in and is now under attack from its own
labors."

      "WHAT?"

      "Military labors are out of control at the base...the chief says
we're getting out of here now!"

      Noa tossed aside the person she was grappling with and tried to run
for the carrier.  The controls refused to respond.  Alphonse twitched
about as if he was drunk.  Noa swore.  "Alphonse, what are you doing?"

      She struggled with the controls.  It was like trying to walk through
marshmellows.  They weren't responding.  In fact, it felt like something
else was trying to issue contrary commands.  Noa felt a growing sense of
unease.  No, I won't let something do this to my ALPHONSE!  She growled
and concentrated.  The resistance increased, then suddenly popped.
Alphonse took off at a run for the carrier...too late.  Four labors had
grabbed it and flipped it over.  

      Then she saw Ohta draw his gun and level it at the Unit 2 carrier.
"What the hell are you doing?"

      Ohta radioed back, almost crying.  "It's out of control! I can't
stop it!"

      Noa charged with Alphonse and tackled Unit 2.  The gun went flying.
Unit 2 clumsily tried to fight back, but she managed to grapple it from
behind and pin its arms.  "Get out, Ohta.  I don't know what's wrong or
how to fix it."

      Kumigami's voice cut in.  "She's right.  Get out."

      "But my labor!!!!!"

      "Will be your grave if you don't listen to her."

      Ohta tried to get out but the seatbelt wouldn't unfasten.  He
shouted in frustration.

      Noa looked around and saw a dozen labors closing in on her.  "Stop
screaming and hurry!"

      "I can't get the damn seatbelt off!"

      By the time Ohta got out and scrambled over onto Alphonse, it was
too late to run.  Noa was surrounded and one of them had Unit 2's gun.
She stared down the barrel and prepared to try and yank the now empty Unit
2 around to absorb the blow.  

      She didn't have to.  To her shock, a thin projectile struck the
barrel of the gun, which fell apart.  It looked remarkably like an
ordinary cut red rose.  

      The battlefield fell silent for a few seconds and everyone looked up
to see where that came from.  

      Fifteen figures out of urban myth stood upon one of the rooftops
overlooking the park.  Two men and thirteen women.  One of the men wore a
masquerade mask on his face and a matching tuxedo.  In his hands he held a
second rose and a long cane.  By his side stood the leader of this group,
a blond woman who had become known in urban legend as Sailor Moon, and her
companions, the Sailor Soldiers.  "Labors were created to serve humanity,
not to destroy it!  Using our very tools of construction as weapons of
destruction is an abomination!  I am the lovely sailor-suited warrior,
Sailor Moon!  I fight for love and justice, and in the name of the Moon, I
WILL PUNISH YOU!"  Those watching closely could see several of the Sailor
Soldiers mouthing the last two sentences in unison with Sailor Moon and
giggling a bit.  

      Noa stared.  My god, they're real, she thought.  As more labors
poured into the park, the men and women of SV2 became the last mortals to
witness the Sailor Soldiers in action for over thirty years...

                            ****************

     With effort, Noa willed the memory out of her mind.  She looked
around at her team.  Five teenagers and young adults as pilots.  A bunch
of middle aged psychics as their 'forwards', mostly their parents.  The
only other person with any actual training in this was Kasuga Akira, who
was acting as the forward for Unit 3.  He had in fact served in SV2 during
the 2010s and 2020s before it became the ADPolice.  Noa and Asuma went
over to him.  "What do you think?"

      "If they didn't have the Power, we'd be dead...As it is...they'll be
fine."  Kasuga Akira was tall with dark black hair cut short like his
father and his mother's deep green eyes.  He was a lot stronger than his
father had ever been, though he was now almost forty.  Noa shivered a bit
whenever she looked at him now.  I worked with a psychic for ten years and
never knew, she thought.

       "Is it reliable enough for us to count on it?"  Asuma asked.  "Is
there anything that can stop you from using it?"

       "Eventually, we get too tired from prolonged usage and need to eat.
As long as they don't lean too heavily on it..."

       Noa sighed.  "I can't believe we're doing this."

       A female voice cut in from nearby.  "You think YOU can't believe
this?"

      Akira, Noa, and Asuma turned around and saw two familiar figures.
One was a mountain of a man, still strong and huge, his build belying his
gray hair.  The other was a much shorter woman with gray hair only
marginally longer than her husband and a somewhat masculine appearance.
Noa ran over to them.  "Hiromi-kun!  Taeki-kun!"  It was Yamazaki Hiromi
and his wife Taeki.  They had been part of SV2 with Noa for three decades.  

       Hiromi blushed slightly.  "It's good to see you, Noa-chan."

       "We'll be joining you tomorrow.  We meant to get here earlier, but
Hiromi had to finish recording his last session for this season."  

       "Did they approve another season of Tales of the Past?" Noa hoped
so.  The last three years, Hiromi had been the nararrator for a children's
anime that recounted various traditional Japanese legends after a chance
encounter with an anime director he had greatly amused.  Since retiring
from the police, Hiromi hadn't had a lot to do and he had jumped at the
chance.  

       "Yes.  I'm very happy about it too."

       Taeki looked at the various labor pilots, who were milling about
moaning about being tired.  "This is going to be far too interesting."

***************************************************************************

     Linna made sure not to drink more since she had just met the guy.
"So what is your name, anyway?"

     "My name is...Robert.  Robert Bruce.  Shall we dance?"

     "Sure!  I know a good place!  Let's go!"

     "Is it close enough to walk?"

     "Yeah, come on!"

     They headed off to go dancing.  She watched him in the moonlight.  He
looks a lot like Mihoshi, she thought. Part of her mind wondered if he was
an alien too, but she dismissed the thought.  Alcohol is getting to me.  

     He smiled to himself. I need to get out like this more often. I'd
almost forgotten what this was like...

*************************************************************************

     The Party was winding down at Leon's building.  For the last hour, it
had just been her, Leon, and the Chibas in a room, rattling on about a
variety of crazy experiences they had all had, or at least were able to
imagine they'd had.  "So then I come home and the roof of the kitchen is
on fire and Usako is screaming about the water burning.  It turned out she
tossed a thing of cooking oil on the fire.  We nearly had burnt odangoes
for dinner,"  Mamoru said.  

      Priss laughed so hard she fell off the couch.  Even Usagi was
laughing.  "Remind me not to invite you to cook for us anytime soon..."

      Mamoru got up.  "We really need to be turning in.  Nice to meet you
properly, Miss Asagiri."

      "Call me Priss. I kill people who call me Miss."

      Usagi blearily hugged Priss.  "Okay, Priss."  Priss blinked.

      Usagi staggered out the door with her husband.  Leon said, "You
taking off too, Priss?"

      Priss thought for a moment.  "Leon, what would you do if you
suddenly found out that...that...you weren't what you thought you were?"

      Leon blinked, this being something he completely did NOT anticipate.
"Like...uh...you mean like maybe finding out that my parents had actually
adopted me or something?"

      "Yeah."

      Leon came back over from the door, closing it, and sat down on the
couch.  "Did you just find something like that out?"

      Priss twitched.  I shouldn't tell him, but I have to talk to someone
and he's the only normal person I know who isn't part of this...  Priss
hated feeling vulnerable. She hated it with a burning passion.  Exposing
herself in any form was difficult and risky.  If Leon took this wrong,
she'd just be making her own life more of a hell than it already was.  How
do I tell him that one of my best friends is an alien, another one is
dating an alien, and I was born 25,000 years ago?  I can hardly believe
any of it...I can't tell him everything, but...  She got out the sword
hilt.  "Doesn't look like much, eh?"

      Leon examined the carving.  "What is it?"

      "A sword hilt.  My sword hilt.  You see..."  She stood up.  "I..."
The words came more easily from her lips.  "Let me show you.  BURNING
HEART POWER!" 

      Leon fainted.

******************************************************************************


        Far away in the void, a being became aware.  If it had been even
remotely humanoid, it could have been said that it "sat up and took
notice".

        But that was not the case.  Its mind stirred to greater
activity.  Perhaps the one who has eluded me for so long has returned...I
must alert my servants, SHIVA thought.  Perhaps she will lead me to what
eluded me that winter day 34 years ago...I must have it and I will.  And I
must find that dreamwalker as well....

      X, Z.  I HAVE NEED OF YOUR SERVICES.

      They responded as they always did.

*****************************************************************************

     It was a dark and stormy night.  Suddenly a shot rang out.  It being
Mega-Tokyo, no one noticed or cared.  A long ways away, Macky, Celia,
Aeka, Meylia, and Youshou were experiencing extreme frustration. Nene had
left with Tenchi, Ryu, Manami, Ryoko and Sasami earlier.   "Still 
nothing," Celia said quietly.

     Youshou shrugged.  "A tree does not grow from acorn to full flower in
a day.  It may take weeks to awaken your abilities, given the
circumstances."

      Meylia nodded.  "I never had a clue of any special abilities until I
was three times your age...If it wasn't for...Hmmm, there's an idea."

     Aeka said, "What?"

     "Maybe Funaho could help.  I think my abilities awakened because she
put some kind of trigger on them..."

     Youshou nodded.  "I hoped to save time, but I think it would be the
best measure."

     "Maybe Tsunami can help too,"  Aeka suggested.

     Macky said, "I think my brain will explode if I try to visualize one
more thing in my head.  That's all I have to say."  Especially since I
keep visualizing the wrong things, like Priss, Mackie thought.

****************************************************************************

     Leon woke up on the couch.  He heard movement nearby.  "That you,
Priss?"

     "Yeah.  Done playing sleeping beauty?"

     He sat up.  "I had the strangest..."  It wasn't a dream.  Priss was
standing before him, holding something that looked like a wooden
lightsaber, dressed in an outfit that evoked her stage garb, but wasn't
quite the same.

     "Getting fragile in your old age, eh?  At least you didn't nosebleed
all over the floor."  Priss laughed.  "Of all the things I thought you
might do..."

     Leon sighed.  Living this down would be too much fun.  "Did you kill
that haircut boomer the other day?"

     "Yep."  She waved her sword about.  "Most of my life has been
sucking, but I really like this sword.  It's almost worth all the
aggravation just to have it."

     "Just be careful, okay?  I only have one head.  I'd like to keep it.
So...how did this happen?"  He paused.  "Wait...Is the Queen of Swords
your mother or something?"

     Priss laughed.  "I almost wouldn't be surprised if she was.  You
see..."  She paused.  "Damn.  The more I think about this, the more
lunatic it sounds."

     He paused.  "Is Mihoshi really from outer space?"

     Priss blinked.  "How did you find that out?"

     Leon sighed.  "Tell me everything.  Trust me, it won't be any weirder
than the rest of my day."

     Leon was wrong of course, as he found out.

***************************************************************************

     Wasyuu puttered about her lab.  She always found it best to relax
from a hard day of work by going home to her lab and doing some REAL work.
She turned to her youngest daughter, "How's that search coming along?"

     Her youngest daughter had shoulder length brown hair and was dressed
in a nice white labcoat over a t-shirt and jeans.  She was seated at a
computer terminal, one of Wasyuu's specialty machines.  "Well, I've
located that power source.  It is indeed inside the subspace equivalent of
Genom Tower.  It appears to be a major ley line nexus connected to ten
lesser nexi in the city."

     Her slightly older sister was nearby, working with some odd equipment
that looked like something made by the child of MC Escher and HR Giger, if
one of them was actually female to make that possible.  She was shorter
than her younger sister, with short green hair.  She was dressed similarly
to her sister.  The machine made a sort of growling ping.  "We have
visitors, Wasyuu-obachan."

     "Don't call me obachan!  Just call me Wasyuu-chan!"

     "Yes, Wasyuu-obachan."

     Wasyuu banged her head against the keyboard and accidentally
destroyed two of her storage rooms.  Luckily, nothing sentient was in
them.  

     The doorbell rang.  "Shall I get it, oba...Wasyuu-chan?"  the
younger daughter asked.  

     "Sure."  She returned to typing away.  

     Her daughter teleported across the room to the door.  "Hello...oh,
hello sister Ryoko!"

     Ryoko blinked.  Sister Ryoko?  Who is this?  The others with her,
Tenchi, Manami, Ryu, Nene, and Sasami, blinked.  Sister?  "Uh...sister?
Do I know you?"

     "Wasyuu-obachan!  Ryoko has come to see us!"

     Wasyuu got up.  "Come on in!  I need some guineapigs for this
experiment anyway!"

     The mob came in.  Nene carefully followed Ryu's instructions, staying
right next to him and touching NOTHING.  That one girl looks familiar, she
thought.  

      Ryoko stormed over to Wasyuu, "Why is this person claiming to be my
sister?"

      Wasyuu shrugged.  "Because she is.  I decided to adopt these poor
waifs.  Their lives had been cut cruely short so I rebuilt them as my
first work project at my new job."

      The younger one walked over to Ryoko.  "Nice to meet you, sister.
My name is Sylvie, and this is Anri." She pointed to the other girl.

      Nene choked.  "SYLVIE?"  She didn't mean to shout it out, but it
happened anyway.  Nene couldn't believe it.  Sylvie was DEAD!  Dead!

      Sylvie turned around and her face brightened.  "Nene-chan?"

      Nene stumbled over her words.  "You blew up!  I saw you die...I..."

      Sylvie teleported over to Nene.  "I can hardly believe it myself."

      "Ahh, you've met?"  Wasyuu asked.

      Sylvie nodded.  "Hai."  She paused, then asked, "Is Priss...still
alive?"

      "Yeah!  She's going to be so happy, she'll probably throw Leon
through a window to celebrate,"  Nene said.  Nene could hardly believe it.
Sylvie ALIVE?  I saw Priss kill her, she thought.  Then again, she is a
boomer, so it's not quite the same as if I died, but still...I didn't
think a sexaroid could be revived like this.  

      Wasyuu walked over to Nene.  "So you're the one my grandson is going
to marry?"

      "Uh...something like that, yeah."  Nene wondered if they hadn't
invented dating in space yet.  Thoughts of Sylvie fled her mind in the
face of a woman that everyone had been trying to induce a healthy fear of
in her for the last few days.  It had worked rather well.

      Wasyuu got out an odd box with protuding rods and started scanning
Nene with it, making various hmmming and hawing noises.

      Ryoko teleported over.  "Don't try anything funny, Mom."

      Manami said, "Don't worry, Nene.  She usually tricks you into doing
something foolish so that it's your fault, instead of hers when she wants
to experiment on you."

      Wasyuu frowned.  "Oh ye of little faith, I was just taking some
readings for my records.  I always ask for permission before doing
anything permanent.  So what do you do for a living, Nene-chan?"

      "I'm a cop and one of the Knight Sabres."

      "She also is very good with computers,"  Ryu said.  

      "Really?  Let's see your stuff."  Wasyuu conjured up a terminal for
Nene.  "Hack into something for me."

      Nene smiled.  "Let's see...maybe I'll divert some of Quincy's bank
account to the Boomer Liberation Army today."  She sat down and went to
work.  Ryu had never seen Nene hacking before.  She looked disturbingly
like Wasyuu in the middle of an experiment...

****************************************************************************

     Hot Legs was nearby.  It was a kind of rough place, but one of the
best dance places Linna knew of.  After an hour or so of dancing, she was
starting to get tired, so she and Robert sat down.  "Isn't this a lot like
what you do all day?"  he asked.

     She laughed.  "You're cuter than most of my customers.  On the other
hand, I bet this is nothing like what you do all day."

     "You'd be surprised.  There's about as much shouting and rushing
around in commodities exchange, but the music isn't half as good."  They
bothed laughed at that.  

     "I've thought about going into that, but I never went to college.
I'm not too old, but the idea of more school repulses me."  She sighed.
"I can't do this forever, though."

      He nodded.  "You're not that old, but you're right, there isn't much
of a market for old aerobics instructors.  If you save up now, though, you
should be able to afford a good school.  You make pretty good money, don't
you?"

      She laughed.  "You'd be amazed."

*****************************************************************************

     Leon sat quietly, trying to get the entire story straight in his
mind.  If he hadn't seen Priss transform, he would have thought this was
all a joke.  "Why do I have this feeling that Daley is going to come back
and tell me he's marrying the Chief or something..."

     Priss laughed.  "Or that he married Mihoshi?"

     Leon sighed.  "She was a spy and I was too stupid to figure it out.
I can't BELIEVE it.  I feel like a complete idiot."

     "You are."  Priss said, then regretted having let old instincts kick
in.  "I mean..."

     "No, I am an idiot.  What kind of detective am I?  Maybe I will quit
this job and be one of your roadies...I could handle that, maybe."  Leon
sat on the couch, staring at the floor.  "My boss exploded when I tried to
report on this last case to him...The higherups are having a total fit of
paranoia.  Security checks for everyone.  VERY thorough checks."

      I'd better warn Nene, Priss thought.  "I have a job opening for a
helpless sidekick for my superhero business.  I guess you'd qualify."  She
laughed, hoping he would too.

      He did.  "Better watch out for fanboys, Magical Princess
Priscilla."

      She turned off her sword and hung it from her belt, then sat down.
"So you believe me?"

      "I trust you, Priss.  Besides, why would you tell me such a crazy
story if it wasn't true?  And I'm pretty sure I didn't hallucinate what I 
saw."

      Priss yawned.  "I'd better head home."  She transformed back to
normal.  "This was fun, but I don't want to fall asleep on my cycle."

      Leon got the door for her.  "Thanks for talking to me."

      "You too.  Lemme know if you need a job."

      He laughed.  "I'll call you first."

****************************************************************************

      Nene finished typing.  Wasyuu and her daughters were arguing about
something in the background as she came out of her trance, while Ryu was
standing nearby, watching.  Tenchi and Manami stood nearby, talking
quietly, making sure they didn't touch anything.  "What if they realize
what you did, Mom?", Ryoko said.

      Wasyuu laughed.  "Oooh, they might fire me.  I'm so scared."  She
faked being terrified.  Anri giggled quietly, while Sylvie laughed loudly.

      Anri said, "Don't worry, oneechan.  Mom's a genius."

      "Too much for her own good.  You haven't been trying to survive
being related to her for thousands of years like me."  Ryoko frowned.  I'd
better get Nene out of her soon before Wasyuu tries anything...

      Nene said, "I'm done."

      "So what did you do?"  Wasyuu asked.

      "Swapped Quincy's salary with that of one of the janitors, using one
of the vice presidents' account so he will be blamed."  Nene said.  

      Wasyuu laughed.  "I think I'm going to like you, girl.  Want to be a
guineapig for one of my experiments?"

      In unison, almost everyone in the room but Wasyuu, Sylvie, and Anri
said, "NO!"

      Wasyuu frowned.  "You people are no fun anymore."

*****************************************************************************
     
      Linna slumped happily into bed.  She always felt better after
getting a new boyfriend.  It made her feel alive, wanted, and attractive.
He was cute, nice, and rich, these being the three things she most wanted
out of a boyfriend, not necessarily in that order.  

      I'll try and call Master Hiromi again in the morning...She drifted
off to a peaceful, dreamless sleep, not aware she had begun a process of
getting herself into even MORE trouble.

*****************************************************************************

     Nene settled into bed, remembering her final conversation with Sylvie
and Anri.

          "Don't tell Priss yet we're alive.  We want to come tell 
          her everything ourselves,"  Sylvie had asked Nene.

          "But why?  She's going to be really suspicious if you just 
          show up out of the blue."

          Anri sighed.  "We're not sure if we're ready to face her
          ourselves, that's why."

          Nene nodded.  "Okay.  I'll keep your secret."

      Her last thoughts as she drifted into unconsciousness was to hope
she hadn't made a mistake with that promise.


*****************************************************************************

      Z sat in a room, high in Genom Tower and looked out upon the city.
When he closed his body's eyes, he could see the skeins of power running
out from the tower.  X chose wisely when he had this built here, he
thought.  From here, we can make the city dance to our every whim.  He
extended himself into the lines of power and tugged them gently, sending
tiny extensions of his will running down them to gather power.  Seek out
the one, he thought...the one who can lead us to the crystal...

      Once we have the crystal, this world will shake, and we will finally
be free of this hunk of rock.

******************************************************************************

     X was awake too, elsewhere in the tower.  He frowned.  As usual, Z is
running off half-cocked without even thinking about what he is doing.
That idiot will probably bring every supernatural in the city down on our
heads.  Idiot.  He'll ruin everything I've been working towards for the
last hundred years.  

     For a moment, X wondered why Z was still so reckless and crazed while
he himself had mellowed over the years.  We were almost identical once, he
thought.  Maybe I absorbed too much from this human...no, I've benefited.
After years of flailing aimlessly, I'm finally accomplishing our master's
goals, but now I'm saddled with this idiot...I'm so glad he tends to clonk
out so often from using too much power...or I'd never get anything done.
I'd swear Largo was his fault too, somehow, but I can't prove it.  

     He reached over and picked up the phone.  Time to make a few calls.

******************************************************************************


















April 1, 1996

      Hiyama Hikaru parked her car in the parking lot of her dorm, 'Wombat
Hall' at Tokyo University.  Some insane American had gotten the hall
renamed after he made a hefty donation to the school, so now the graduate
students had to put up with wombat jokes.  I wonder who I'll have as a
roommate this year, she thought.  As she got out, she saw a skinny short
blonde girl with twin buns on her head, each with its own ponytail.  The
girl was busily unloading boxes into the hands of a rather older looking
man with short black hair.  A second girl, incredibly tall and strong
looking was carrying a pile of luggage.  Her hair was long and brown, tied
back into a ponytail.  Hikaru went over to them.  "Hey, you need some help
there?"

     This girl looks awfully young to be a graduate student, Hikaru
thought.  Maybe she's one of those teen geniuses.  

     The girl smiled, her blue eyes shining.  "Thanks.  I've got to go all
the way up to 503A.  This is A tower, right?"

     Hikaru nodded.  "Hai."  Wombat Hall was really four buildings around
a plaza, A, B, C, and E Tower.  There had once been a D tower, but it had
burned down a long time ago.  She blinked.  "Wait...#503A?"

     The man nodded.  "Yes."

     "Oh...you must be my new roommate!  My old roommate graduated at the
end of last semester."

     The girl smiled.  "I'm Tsukino Usagi.  Nice to meet you!"

     "I'm Hiyama Hikaru.  Nice to meet you." They shook hands, and Hikaru
grabbed some of Usagi's ton of stuff.
  
     The man quickly introduced himself as Chiba Mamoru, Usagi's fiancee,
and the girl as Kino Makoto.  

     Hikaru unlocked the front door and got everyone inside.  "I hope it
doesn't sound rude asking, but how old are you?  You look awfully young
for a graduate student."

     "Graduate Student?  I'm a freshman!"  Usagi said.

     Hikaru facefaulted.  I really HATE the administration at this
school...

************************

Chapter 10:  Hearts of the City

************************

      Priss said to Celia, "So you'll be back in two days?" 

      Celia nodded.  "Shake down and keep an eye on those names we got.
Nene, finish getting all the info you can squeeze out of Schilling's
computers.  They're our next target.  Then we go after Wallace."

      Linna nodded.  "Still no decent footage of him so we know what he
looks like?"

      "Not yet.  He seems rather reclusive.  We'll find him."  Celia said.
She handed out sheets of paper.  "Here are your assignments."

*************************

     Tenchi and Ryouko sat with Manami, Sasami, Ryu, Mihoshi, and Kiyone
in Tsunami, looking at the charts Wasyuu had supplied them with.  "Genom
Tower stands at the center of two circles of five points each.  We're
going to deliver these devices to the points so we can neutralize them as
necessary."  He pointed to the stack of metal cubes sitting on the table
nearby.  "We don't know if Genom has the ability to use these energy nexi,
but if they know the house of Jurai exists, then it is possible that they
may."

      "This won't take too long.  Then what?"  Kiyone asked.

      "Then we get to hunt down some of these agents of theirs and see
what we can find out."

      "This'll be easy,"  Ryouko said.

*************************

      Ryu and Manami walked into their second target.  It appeared to be
an humble ice cream parlor.  The storefront looked like a typical late
nineteenth, early twentieth century front with a cheap tarp forming a
little shady spot in front of the store, which had big plate glass
windows.  The tarp was pink and so was the decor of 'Bobson's Fine Ice
Cream'.  Ryu whispered to Manami, "Where are we going to hide this thing
in this place?"

      Manami whispered back, "Get us some ice cream and I'll figure out a
good place."  

      Ryu nodded and went to go get some chocolate for himself and his
sister.  This will be easy, he thought, if not quite so easy as that
burnt-down temple we hid the first one at.

**********************

      Mihoshi and Kiyone walked into the department store.  Kiyone kept a
firm grip on the cube.  This time she wouldn't let Mihoshi even look at
it.  She said to Mihoshi, "While we're here, can you go pick me up a new
scarf?"

      Mihoshi nodded.  "Sure!"  She ran off down the aisle, snagging a
huge pile of mugs and sending them toppling down on a clerk.  Kiyone
smiled.  That should keep the staff busy...I should have thought of this
at the first place.

***********************

     Ryouko and Tenchi sat in the movie theater.  "We don't have time to
watch the whole thing, Ryouko."

     "But Tenchi..." she purred.  "We've delivered all of our cubes.
Can't we have a little fun?"

     "Well, maybe we can stay a little while longer..."  Tenchi had the
feeling this was a mistake.  

************************

      Sasami sat on a floating disk in the main bridge of Tsunami.  Wasyuu
was on part of the viewscreen.  "So they've got 7 delivered?"

      Sasami nodded.  "Hai."

      "I'm picking up odd power readings from some of these
sites...something may be tapping them."

      Sasami cocked her head.  "Uhoh."

      Wasyuu frowned.  "What do you mean, Uhoh?"

      "I have business to attend to."  She concentrated for a moment, and
suddenly there were two of her.  One of them shrank to the size of a small
child and looked much as Sasami had as a little girl.  

      Wasyuu said, "Eh?"

      Sammi giggled.  "Time to go help oneechan.  I think she's about to
have some trouble."

      Wasyuu smiled.  "I think I know someone who might be willing to help
you."

************************

      Priss followed her target into the charm shop.  This spy stuff is
not my strong point, she thought.  Oh well, I'm just waiting for him to go
somewhere I can shake him down, anyway.  The man was a two bit punk, but
he was also an informer in the pay of Wallace.  He was about to do some
informing.  Linna was nearby in the car.  Priss had only gone inside in
case the punk slipped out the window or something.  Nene was off doing her
duty through the power of computer technology.  

      The punk, a fleabitten hood named 'Trunks', was busily reading
labels on good luck potions that looked suspiciously like Palmolive to
Priss.  She idly picked up a long ornately inscribed strip of paper.
According to the attached tag, it was a charm to ward off demons.  She
laughed.  Demons.  As if.

      Suddenly, the hairs on the back of her neck went stiff.  Why do I
have this bad feeling?

***********************

      Z frowned.  Someone is setting up power dampeners...I can't allow
this.  He extended his will and tweaked the sites of power.  This should
do something to keep them busy until I come up with a better plan, he
thought...At least I hope it will.  Deep thought was never Z's
strong point.

************************

      The punk finally selected three potions, two charms, and a little
statuette that looked far too much like Howdy Doody.  Priss decided to buy
the demon ward so she would look less suspicious.  Suddenly, there was a
high pitched tone.  Everyone in the store winced, especially Priss, who
felt like she was trapped in a bad feedback loop.  A high pitched female
voice shrieked out something incoherent as a bright reddish glow formed in
the middle of the shop, slowly forming into a humanoid figure.

      The shopkeeper, the punk, and Priss all stared at the strange
creature, which shouted something else incoherent and shot out tentacles
at all of them.  Priss swore loudly, then the tentacles got too tight to
scream...

************************

     Ryu and Manami sat quietly, eating their ice cream.  "So what are we
going to do?"  he asked quietly.  

     "I'll hide it in the ladies' room,"  she said.

      He nodded.  Good plan.  He was completely surprised when suddenly
the shop became about twenty degrees colder, as was everyone else in the
place.  He got a good glimpse of the pale skinned woman in white who was
to blame before suddenly everyone in the room was coated in ice.

***********************

     Ryouko snuggled up to Tenchi.  They hadn't had a good chance to just
be alone together and REALLY relax in years.  They'd had plenty of private
time, but there was always the worry of assassination, of a sudden call to
an important Council meeting, that Manami's latest pet was rampaging
through the halls of the palace again...

      For a moment, Ryouko could pretend they were back in college, going
on dates, attending classes, her and Aeka having riotous battles across
the campus...the good old days.  Why, Aeka and I haven't had a nice
relaxing all out fight in at least three years, she thought.  We're
getting mellow in our old age.

      Tenchi was enjoying relaxing as well.  The movie was close to the
ending.  It won't hurt if we stay to the end, he thought.

      Unfortunately, their reverie was rudely interrupted by screaming
behind them.  A dark skinned woman dressed in what looked like various
vegetables was screaming something about avocadoes and tossing exploding
fruit everywhere.  Perhaps it would have made more sense if this site had
stayed a supermarket for the last forty years, instead of being leveled by
the 2025 quake and rebuilt as a theatre.  Then again, it still probably
wouldn't have made sense.

  *********

     Z blinked.  What the hell are these things?  He had sensed some
latent power objects in these sites and awakened them...this was not what
he had expected.  Actually, he wasn't sure WHAT he had expected...still,
these would do nicely...if he could get them to obey, instead of just
rampaging and shouting 'AVOCADO' of all things.  What kind of maniac goes
around shouting out the names of fruit?

  *********

      Priss swore mentally as the tentacles tried to choke her.  This must
be some kind of fucked up fusion boomer, she thought...Just my luck.  The
door opened and Linna ran in. 

      Linna stared in shock for a few seconds, then drew her gun and shot
at the creature.  The bullet passed right through it and into the wall.
Linna swore loudly, then the creature fired out a tentacle that wrapped
around her neck and arms.  It laughed and kept shouting out something
incoherent as the shopkeeper and the thug passed out.

  ********

     Kiyone stretched.  Missions accomplished, with only minor damage.
Then her communicator started beeping.  "This is Kiyone," she answered.

      It was Sasami.  "We've got problems.  Get over to Bobson's Ice
Cream...Looks like some of these sites were defended."

      With effort, Kiyone dragged Mihoshi away from a UFO catcher doll
machine and set out.

  *********

     People fled everywhere in the theatre, though the movie kept playing.
Ryouko sighed and rose into the air, manifesting her energy sword.  Tenchi
swiftly changed into his battlegarb.  Ryouko said, "I REALLY HATE PEOPLE
WHO CAN'T BE QUIET AT THE MOVIES!"

     "AVOCADO!"  Droid Avocado, who resembled a dark skinned woman clad in
rotting fruit with really bad hair, hurled an exploding Kiwi fruit at
Ryouko, who batted it aside.  

      Tenchi tried hard not to laugh at the silly looking monster.  "Give
up now!"  He got an exploding bunch of grapes that flung him into the
front row as his answer.

      Ryouko charged at her ludicrous assailant, knocking aside the resulting
barrage of fruit with ease.  Tenchi peeled himself out of the row of
chairs in the front and stood up.  The strange creature cried out as Ryouko
raised her sword high and sliced it down.  To her surprise, the creature
was sliced in half.  It howled and evaporated, leaving behind a black gem
that fell to the floor.

       The movie played on to the mostly empty theatre.  Ryouko blinked.
"Geez, that was easy."

       Tenchi said, "Some kind of odd crystalline construct...Must be a
result of the power in this place.  I guess."

       Ryouko pocketed the crystal.  "Mom will want this."  She turned to
Tenchi.  "Well, now we can watch the movie in peace."

       Tenchi facefaulted.

  *********
     
       Kiyone and Mihoshi blinked at the snow blowing out the front door
of Bobson's Ice Cream.  Kiyone wondered for a moment if some relative of
Mihoshi's worked here or if Mihoshi had been here earlier in the day, then
choked down her paranoia.  She drew her gun.  "You ready, Mihoshi?"

       Mihoshi was busy making a snowball.  "Wow, I bet I could make a
really good snowman with all this snow."

       Here we go again, Kiyone thought.

  *********

      Priss and Linna struggled futilely against the amorphous creature.
If only I could reach my knife, Priss thought.  If only I had my hardsuit,
Linna thought.

      They were both on the verge of collapse when suddenly there was a
shout and two streaks of reddish purple light flashed across their vision.
The tentacles collapsed into reddish goo and Droid Jellax screamed in
pain.  Priss staggered and turned her head, as did Linna.  

      Three figures stood in the doorway.  One of them was familiar to
Priss, if not Linna.  It was Pretty Sammi.  The other two were also
familiar, but totally unexpected.  They wore tightfitting red body suits
and had a sort of tatoo of a black slash across their faces.  It was Anri
and Sylvie.  

      Priss, for the first time in her life, fainted.  It was all too
much.  Linna simply stared in shock.  "What the..but you...you..."

      Droid Jellax shouted, "JELLAX!" and fired tentacles at the trio.
Pretty Sammi leapt out of the way.  Anri and Sylvie tried to teleport out
of the way and both picked the same spot, ending up in a tangled heap on
the counter.  

       Linna ran over to Priss and dragged her towards the door.  She
paused and looked at the trio.  I can't believe this is happening.  Her
vision settled on Pretty Sammi.  For a moment, Sammi blurred, and then a
barrage of images rushed across Linna's sight.  A small child weilding an
funky looking staff.  A tree shining and singing among the stars.  A
spaceship floating through the void.   A young woman with long blue hair.
All of these were the being she was gazing on, Linna realized.  She didn't
really WANT to know this.  She tried to shut her eyes and drive out the
thoughts and confusion.  

       Pretty Sammi bonked Jellax on the head, then said, "Come on, you
two!"

      Anri and Sylvie got untangled.  They both held out their right hand
and formed spheres of energy, then hurled them at the Droid, which howled
and collapsed down into a small black gem. "Yatta!  We got it!"  Sylvie
said.

      Anri smiled.  "Hai.  No more running away."  Her stance was more 
confident looking than before.

      Pretty Sammi turned to Linna.  "Are you okay, Linna?"

      Linna blinked and opened her eyes.  The images had stablized.
"You...you're a...a tree?"

      Pretty Sammi blinked now.  "How did you know that?"

      Sylvie and Anri rushed over to Priss, who slowly opened her eyes.
"Linna, I must be hallucinating...I thought I saw..."

      Sylvie kneeled and hugged Priss.  "It was no dream."

      Priss nearly fainted again.

  ********

       Kiyone looked around the now frozen over ice cream store.  For a
moment she wondered if someone had left the refrigerator door open for too
long, but then she spotted the white clad woman with pale snow-colored
skin floating in the air in the middle of the room.  The room was full of
snowmen with only a bit of clothing or a hat sticking out to show that
there were humans inside them.  

       Mihoshi said, "Halt!  You're under arrest for violating Galactic
Code #345-YUP, which forbids turning people into snowmen!"  She leveled
her laser at the woman.  "Come out with your hands up!"

       Kiyone blinked.  Galactic code what?  Whatever.  "Don't make us use
force!"

        The woman laughed.  "Beruche will be pleased...I wonder where
those Sailors went..."

        Kiyone wondered what on earth the woman was talking about.  "This
is your last warning!"

        The woman took a deep breath.  Kiyone suddenly realized what was
coming next.  She leapt at Mihoshi and pushed her out of the blast, which
clipped her legs.  She was frozen in snow and ice from the waist down and
stuck facing away from the woman.  

        Luckily for Kiyone, Mihoshi now opened fire on the woman, who
started dodging laser blasts.  Not so luckily for Kiyone, Mihoshi wasn't
aiming very well, and a few shots nearly took off Kiyone's head.

  *******

       Priss stared at Sylvie.  It's not possible.  I killed you.  I had
to kill you...You can't be alive!  It's not POSSIBLE!  She tried to speak,
but she couldn't focus long enough to give her mouth any instructions.
Finally, she managed to croak out, "But..."

      Linna just stared.  This couldn't REALLY be Sylvie and Anri.  Not
only were they dead, the real Sylvie and Anri didn't fly, teleport, and
fire energy blasts.  Or if they did, they sure had done a good job of
hiding it.  "You died.  Both of you."

       Sylvie resisted the urge to say, 'we got better'.  "Wasyuu-okachan
fixed us."

       Anri nodded.  "We were in the morgue at Genom, and she adopted us
and brought us back to life."

       Sammi smiled.  "She's not the greatest genius scientist in the
universe for nothing."

       Priss began to cry and hated herself for crying.  "Is it...really
you...I mean...I...I'm sorry...I'm sorry..."

       Sylvie hugged Priss tightly.  "You did what you had to."

       Sammi left the three of them to their reunion and walked over to
Linna.  "So you have the sight."

       Linna blinked.  "What?  I'm just an aerobics instructor.  I don't
do mystic new age stuff."

       "Neither do I, but if you could tell that..."

       Linna laughed nervously.  This was all getting to be too much for
her again.  "You mean the, uh...tree comment?"

       "Yes.  I am many things, and one of them is a tree that walks among
the stars."  She looked up and down at Linna and her eyes widened for a
second.  "Have you ever been in space?"

       Linna smiled, remembering her dream of the previous night.  "Only
in my dreams."

      "Then you know how beautiful it is.  Come with me...we need to save
your friends."  She turned to go.

       "What about Priss?"

      "She needs time to adjust...she's not ready to fight.  You are."

      Linna followed Sammi out.  "So you're with these aliens?"

      Sammi smiled.  "You could say that.  Let's go get your hardsuit."

  ******

      Kiyone shivered and swore.  Mihoshi had nearly killed her twenty
times so far in the last half an hour.  The entire store was an frozen
wasteland now.  A squad of cops had shown up and they had gotten frozen
too.  She almost wished the ice maiden would finish her off so at least
she wouldn't have to suffer anymore.

       Somehow, Mihoshi still hadn't gotten frozen over.  The ice maiden
was clearly starting to get tired from chasing Mihoshi everywhere.
Unfortunately, Mihoshi had used up the charge on her laser pistol by now.
At least she didn't collapse the roof on us, Kiyone thought.  The roof,
naturally, then started to shake.

       As the ice maiden finally trapped Mihoshi in the corner, the sound
of gunfire suddenly attracted everyone's attention.  The blue woman went
flying.  She did not bleed, but blackish energy leaked out of her new
holes, looking eerily like blood.  Mihoshi turned and looked.  Kiyone
would have looked if she could move.

       Linna, now wearing her hardsuit, and Pretty Sammi stood in the
doorway.  Pretty Sammi leapt into the air, staff in hand, while Linna
activated her jumpjet and power leaped at the ice maiden.  Sammi smacked
the ice maiden in the head, then Linna spun and sliced her up with her
monofilament whips.  The creature gave a shriek and dissolved away into
mist.  The reddish crystal upon her brow turned black and fell to the
ground.  

       Linna definitely felt better.  I can beat these damn things.  I
just have to be ready for them, she thought.   As she looked around, the
ice faded away and many unconscious people slumped to the floor.  

       Kiyone stretched.  "Thanks for the save, Linna."
       "You're welcome...Kiyone."  Linna sighed.  I wish she'd been able
to trust me earlier with the truth.

       Kiyone said, "We need to talk, girl."  She turned to Sammi.  "We're
going to have to check out the other points...Where are these damn things
coming from?"

       "Something is manipulating these points...I think the enemy knows
we know about them."  Sammi said.

       Mihoshi said, "Waaah, the staff is unconscious so I can't buy any
ice cream!"

       Kiyone ground her teeth and reminded herself that killing one's
partner is a bad thing.

  *****

       Leon sat at his desk and sighed.  Daley gets back tomorrow.  Today,
I get to do paperwork--bleah--get yelled at by the chief--bleah--and watch
everyone stare at each other as if they expected people to start sprouting
tentacles--bleah.  

       Finally, he couldn't take it any longer and decided to go harrass
Nene for a while over in communications.  "Yo, Nene-chan.  How's it
going?"

       "Busy.  I think the brass is trying to decide if this falls in our
sphere of activity or not...whatever is going on, the metropolitan police
are getting whooped."  

       "Whooped by what?"

        Nene laughed nervously.  "Well, it's not boomers, but it's not
ordinary criminals either..."

        "Can you be more specific?"

        "Well, it sort of kind of looks like monster attacks."  Nene
laughed nervously.  

        "MONSTER attacks?"

        "We're also getting strange reports of people with paranormal
powers fighting these monsters.  An entire riot squad apparently got
frozen at an ice cream store and saved by one of the Knight Sabres and a
blue haired eight year old.  There was some sort of maniac who supposedly
flew and hurled exploding fruit at a movie theatre.  Etc, etc."

         Leon frowned faintly.  "How many of these things are there?"

         "Somewhere around ten."

         Leon thought for a moment.  "Any pattern to these incidents?"

         Nene called up a map and started punching in addresses.  Ten dots
lit up, forming two circles of five, one inside the other.  In fact, they
formed two perfect pentagons.  "Oh my."

         Leon looked at the map.  "Have it calculate the exact center of
the pentagon."

         "The program isn't designed to do that."

         Leon sighed and went and got a ruler from his desk and estimated.
Genom Tower was in the middle.  "Can you differentiate them by time?"

         Nene tried.  "All the reports from the sites came in within ten
minutes of each other."

         "Hmmm.  My instincts say to blame Genom, but surely they wouldn't
be stupid enough to do something like this and make a pattern that screams
'blame us'."

        Nene laughed.  "Maybe they're a target.  They do have enemies.
These things could be some kind of modified boomers, though the reports of
their abilities...are really scary."

        Leon nodded.  "Well, the target locations are all rather
insignificant...an ice cream shop, a video arcade, a jewelry store,
a charm shop, a movie theatre, a bookstore, an art gallery...No pattern
there.  Maybe this is an advanced boomer fieldtest planned by an idiot."

         Leon was half right.

  ******

       Z frowned.  This was getting out of hand.  There were too many of
these awakened creatures for him to control them all or keep proper track
of them, even with them getting killed.  A door opened and X walked in.
"I see that age doesn't always bring wisdom."

       Z glared at X.  "Or tact."

       "Touche.  Are you perhaps TRYING to advertise your presence here?
Do you WANT our enemies to be certain they can find us here?  If you have
some 'clever master plan', I'd like to be aware of it."

       Z drummed his fingers on the table that he was sitting at.   "Our
enemies are  moving to close off our access to the hearts of the city.
This location is powerful, but if they control all ten..."

       "So you unleashed rampaging monsters?"

       "At least THEY can't be traced to us by EVERYONE, the way boomers 
would."  Z sighed.  X never used to criticize me all the time like this.  

       X said, "You go work on finding that dreamwalker.  I'll do damage
control for this."

       Nodding, Z put his mind to work trying to think of how best to locate
a 
dreamwalker.  

**********

       Dr. Mizuno Ami hid behind the bookcase and prayed the monster
wouldn't see her.  Her husband was out there somewhere, having gotten
himself clobbered trying to fight the strange creature, which looked
rather like an insane flying female punk with a huge drum, babbling about
thunder.  In fact, there seemed to be a local rainstorm in progress.  The
glass of the bookstore windows had shattered and rain was pouring in.
Unconcious cops were scattered everywhere.  My day off isn't supposed to
be like this, she thought for the fiftieth time.

        "THUNDERCLAP!" bellowed the strange being, trashing more of the
bookstore as it banged its drum.  

        Ami winced.  This thing is giving me a headache, she thought.
There was something oddly familiar about the creature, although she was
fairly certain she had never been attacked by boomer before.  At least,
she thought it was a boomer.  What else could it be?, she thought.

        A voice spoke.  "A forgotten remnant of what once was and shall be
nevermore."  Pause.  "Dead Scream."  A corruscating bolt of energy filled
the store with light and Ami scrunched her eyes shut.  There was a great
howl and the dreadful banging and thunder finally stopped. The rain began
to fall more gently and the wind died.

       The voice spoke again.  "Come on out, Dr. Mizuno.  It's over now."

       Ami stepped out into the middle of the store.  A dark green haired
woman in what looked like an ornate sailor fuku had lifted Ami's husband
up onto a table and seemed to be checking him for injuries.  She whispered
something to him that Ami could not hear and he awoke.

       The woman turned to Ami and regarded her with a calculatedly
neutral gaze.  For a moment, Ami thought she knew this woman, but couldn't
remember where or why or how.  The woman said, "Your husband will be
alright.  He's tougher than he looks, with good reason."  She smiled
faintly.  "But then, so are you.  We will meet again."

       She turned to leave.  Ami said, "I...thank you...who are you?"

       "One day you will not need to ask that question.  I am Sailor
Pluto.  Good day."  She stepped out the door.

       Ami blinked and turned to her husband, a young looking man with
short black hair.  "Are you okay, dear?"

       He nodded.  "I've been better."

      "Are you sure, Ryo-kun?"  Ami sized her husband up.  A few bruises,
but otherwise, he looked unhurt.  

       Urawa Ryo nodded and smiled.  "I'm fine, Ami-chan.  Let's go."

*******

       Amid the long burnt-out wreckage of a once prosperous and holy
Shinto shrine, someone moved.  Her mind was dim and filled with the memory
of her death.  Something about...Mars.  It was time for revenge...If only
she could remember what Mars looked like.

        There was a person nearby.  His breath smelled strange and he wore
crumpled dirty clothing.  He stared at the woman, then took another swig.

       "Where is..Mars?"  she asked the man.

        He blinked.  "What, the planet?"  I wonder what she's on, he
thought.  And where can I get some?

       "The...person."

        The man thought for a moment.  This was harder than it looked,
given the number of brain cells he had sacrificed to the bottle over the
years.  "Does he have a first name?"

        She wracked her brain.  "Sailor...Mars."

        "Don't know him.  Try the docks."

         "Which way?"

        He pointed east.  "That way, I guess."

        Passersby tried to ignore the weirdo wrestling woman as she
staggered out of the ruins.  They had learned to ignore it, since it was
usually full of druggies and squatters.  She looked little different from the 
bums that typically infested it.  Well, more than a little, but not enough
for 
them to care.

*********

      Priss finally pulled herself together.  She could hear the cops
coming.  "We'd better get out of here."

      Sylvie nodded and took Priss' hand.  Flicker.  Now they were
standing, with Anri, on a beach looking out on the ocean.  Priss blinked.
"I wasn't expecting that."

       Anri sat down on a rock.  "The world is full of surprises.  Some of
them are even nice."

       Priss laughed.  "Yeah.  So...you say this...Wasyuu brought you both
back?  What is she, some kind of..."

       "Mother is a genius,"  Sylvie said.  "If you want to meet her,
she's been curious to meet you for a while."

       "A genius.  You...I mean...I wouldn't have thought it possible
that..."  Everything has a price, Priss thought.  What's the price
of...hey, Sammi never did tell me the price of my powers...

       "Sometimes you just don't question good luck,"  Sylvie said.  She
paused.  "So are you really 25,000 years old like Wasyuu-okachan said?"

       Priss laughed.  "I'll tell you everything, but I'll be surprised if
you 
believe it all."

*******

     It took hours to clean out all the monsters and properly plant the
devices.  By that time it was getting late.  After a brief meeting at
which plans were made for the next day, they scattered in various
directions.  Linna found herself going out to eat with Kiyone at a nice
Italian place.  

      For a while, they ate quietly, neither quite sure how to broach the
subject.  Finally, Kiyone said, "I'm sorry I decieved you for so long."

      Linna sighed.  "Well, I didn't exactly tell you everthing."  She ate
a little more, then asked, "How can you stand it?"

      "Stand what?"

       "Being around all these incredibly powerful beings...It makes me
feel so inferior.  I can keep up with them with my hard suit, but..."

        Kiyone smiled, "Just because you don't turn into a spaceship or
fire energy beams from your hands doesn't make you inferior, Linna.  Just
be the best at what you are.  In the end, skill is far more important than
powers.  And you have plenty of that."

       "You really think so?"

       "You're one of the best fighters I know, and I know a LOT of
fighters."  She paused and ate a bit more.  "And there's the other issue
too."

      "Huh?"

      "Power brings responsibility, yet you never have enough power to get
everything you want.  If you're not careful, you end up in a never ending
spiral of constant searching for more and more power that satisfies you
less and less."  She turned and stared out the window into the night.  "An
easy road to damnation."  

       "That's why I got out of beauty contests.  I didn't like what I was
turning myself into...and there wasn't a future in it."

       "That's another thing I meant to ask you about."

       Linna blinked.  "Eh?"

       "How would you like to join the Galaxy Police?  I think you'd have
a lot more future there than working as an aerobics instructor."

       Linna was NOT expecting that.

*********

      Priss sat quietly on a bench inside in one of the vast garden spaces
inside Tsunami.  Sasami sat by her, eating an ice cream cone.  Priss had
one too, but she was almost finished with it.

      "Sasami.  You mentioned a price of my powers, but you never told me
what it was."

      Sasami said, "The price of magical power is that you will never have
a normal life again.  Once you set off down that road, there is no
returning."

      Priss began to laugh.  "Like I HAD a normal life.  Geez, if that's
all..."

      "And with power comes responsibility.  There are only two Sailor
Warriors upon this world where once there were over a dozen.  It is a
heavy load for you to bear."

      "You and me, eh?"

      "You and Pluto.  I share in your fate, yet most of my duties lie
elsewhere."

       Priss frowned.  "Arrogant little..."

       Sasami sighed.  "Pluto has never been noted for her tact.  Although
she was worse than usual with you.  A lot of her hopes are riding on you,
you see."

       "What the hell does she want from me?"

       "We have to find the Empyrean Silver Crystal."

       Priss started.  "My dream..."

       "It is the key to reawakening the other Sailor Warriors from their
slumbers.  Especially your sister."

        "Sister,"  Priss said quietly.

        "It's all hard to accept, isn't it?"

        Priss nodded.  "At least..."

        "Hmm?"

        "I'm glad my friends still treat me the same...well, the ones who
know.  Well, except for Manami calling me Princess all the time now."

        Sasami laughed.  "She's so much like her mother."

        "I can't believe you and Aeka are sisters.  As well as...how does
that all work anyway?  You're her sister, but you're also..."

        "This is going to take a while."  A long while.

*******

      Ryu, Tenchi, Nene, Ryouko, and Manami sat in the park on the Tokyo
University campus and quietly looked up at the stars.  Ryouko pointed off
to one star.  "That's Jurai, right?"  

      Manami smiled.  "Indeed it is."  

      Nene looked up at it.  "How far away is it?"

      "Hundreds of light years."  Ryouko said.  "A few days in Ryo-ohki."

      "Wow.  I'd like to see it one day."

      Ryu smiled.  "Once I graduate, I can take you on a vacation there."  

      "Stick with us and you'll see more of it than you can stand,"  Ryouko
said.  She winked.

      Manami said, "Jurai is a very beautiful world."

      Nene looked up at the stars.  One day, I'll be up there.  She leaned
over and snuggled up to Ryu, who smiled.  "Your grandmother is a very
interesting person, Ryu."
             
     He laughed.  "And dangerous.  I spent many interesting days trying to
survive being taught by her."

      Manami nodded.  "Like the time she decided to mind-switch us, then
pretended she didn't know what had happened?"

      Ryouko laughed.  "He tried to tell me what happened, but I thought he
and Manami were trying to play a joke on me!"

      "Yeah, like Manami could play a joke to save her life!"

      Manami said, "Don't tempt me, brother."

      "Is that a threat?"  he laughed.

      Ryouko looked at Ryu.  "Don't tempt your sister."

      Manami smiled far too lovingly at Ryu.  "Too late."

      Ryouko and Manami looked at each other and began to laugh.  NOW Ryu
was worried.

******

      Linna floated through space in her dreams again.  The stars were all
in the wrong places and she felt lost.  I wish I had a map, she thought.
An AAA guidebook appeared in her hands.  Opening it, she saw a vast array
of dots with a X <--You are here.  Some map.  

      She tried flapping her arms and found she could swim through space,
so she started swimming along.  Three stars caught her eye.  They formed a
close triangle in space, though several other constellations of stars
hovered near them.  Indeed, all three of the stars seemed to be binaries,
orbiting in tiny circles with another star.  

      Many other stars clustered near these.  In fact, as she got closer,
they seemed to be moving closer together. All the stars seemed to move
gently, more than they should have moved with her movement.  The stars got
closer and larger, becoming glowing spheres.  Suddenly, she was in their
midst. They swarmed around her, closing in on her. She panicked and tried
to flee, but they followed her.  One of them struck her right arm and
suddenly grew, swallowing up the entire universe.  

******

      Linna was standing inside a laboratory, much to her surprise.  It
was very well equipped, or at least she thought it was.  Really, she
couldn't tell, but all the beakers and tubes and machines and things going
ping looked scientific.  The room had two exits.  One seemed to lead into
a house, while the other was huge vault door, locked and chained.  Celia
was trying to shove the door open, but it wasn't working very well.  For
one thing, the door opened into the room, but she was trying to push it
open.  For a second thing, Celia was chained to the scientific equipment
and it was holding her back. She was having to strain to the utmost just
to reach the door, let alone push.

       For a few seconds, Linna simply stared, trying to figure out what
the hell was going on.  "Umm, Celia, what are you doing?"

       Celia, still staring at the door, said,  "Have...to...open...this
door."  She was straining badly and sounded extremely tired.

       Linna walked over and saw that there was a lock on the chains by
the table, and that in fact there was a key in the lock.  "Why don't you
take the chains off?"

       "No, I can't do that!"

       Linna blinked.  This was way too surreal.  How did I get here,
anyway?  She couldn't remember.  "Why?"

       "Daddy gave me these chains!  They're all I have left of him!"
Celia's voice sounded odd, perhaps because she was now a twelve year old.
The chains had shrunk to fit and now she couldn't even reach the door.
"Daddy said they'll keep me safe and tell me what to do!"

       Linna blinked.  Am I dreaming?  This is too weird.  "Then why are
you trying to open the door?"

       "Cause I wanna be a magical princess like Grandma and my magic wand
is on the other side."

       "How do you know that?"

       "Cause daddy locked it away cause it was dangerous, but I need it
so I can take care of my best friends."  She looked at Linna and smiled
nervously.  "You're my friend, right?"

       Linna said, "Of course you're my friend, Celia.  One of my closest
friends in the world.  We're like family."

       Celia strained at the chains again.  "I just can't do it."

       Linna walked over to the door.  There was a key in its lock as
well.  She turned the lock and opened the door.  "There you go."

       "I can't reach the door!"

       Linna knelt and tried to turn the key in the lock on Celia's
chains, but it wouldn't budge.  She kept trying, but it wouldn't move.
Celia watched nervously.  "But daddy said I should never take off the
chains!"

       "You can't get through the door if you don't.  Don't you want to
get through the door?"

       "But..."

        Linna shrugged.  "Up to you.  Guess I'll go see if I get to be a
magical princess if I go in there."  I must be dreaming, she concluded.
She started to walk towards the door.

        "No!!!! Don't go without me!"

        Linna kept going.  "Just unlock yourself and come with me."

        She kept going, then heard a clicking noise.  Suddenly, Celia was
by her side, aging with every step.  Beyond the door was a white light
and...

******

      Linna was sitting in her master's training hall.  Hiromi was
standing over her, sighing.  "Get too close and they will always suck you
in."

      "I don't understand, master.  What exactly did we just do?"

      "We meditated and you entered the dream world.  All those stars were
dreams.  You have to be very careful or they will suck you in.  It takes
great discipline.  And if they are dreaming of you...you may not be able
to get out."

       Linna blinked.  "How...how is that possible?  You can't get into
other people's dreams!"

       Hiromi smiled.  "I'm in this one, aren't I?"

       The world shattered.

******

      Linna woke up.  "Ugh, what a weird dream."

      Then a giant flaming Quincy ate her.

 ******
      
      Linna woke up.  "Ugh, what a weird dream."  She flinched, but
nothing happened.  Was I really in Celia's dream?  Naaah, I must have
imagined things.

*******

      Celia woke up, her sheets, soaked with sweat.  What a weird
dream...and...She focused her thoughts for a moment and a glowing ball of
light formed over her hand.  A wash of excitement flowed over her and she
felt like a child again on Christmas Day, opening her first present.  She
juggled the tiny glowing ball back and forth, laughing.  Only with effort
could she keep from running to show her grandmother what she could do.  I
feel like a small child, she thought.  I feel...happy.

*******



















April 30, 2025

     It had taken weeks for the tiny cult to get permission to use the
park for a holy ritual.  They needed a greenspace and Tokyo was notably
deficient in such things.  Nor was the city government very fond of
obscure religious groups of late after several unfortunate incidents with
crazed cults attempting to bomb various city functionaries.  This group,
however, the 'Children of Herne', despite following some barbaric
looking European nature god, had followed all the proper procedures and
more importantly, paid bribes to the correct people.  As long as they
didn't cause any trouble, they'd be fine.  If they did, they would likely
be hung out to dry.

     As it was, the city was going to have other things to think about.

     The group was lead by a short and stocky, yet remarkably charismatic
man who called himself 'Cerunnos', though his parents had named him
Daisuke.  His hair was grey with age, but still curly.  He had an amazing
vigour for a man of his age--he seemed to bristle with life, which was
part of how he had attracted his followers.  They believed he was the
avatar of Herne the Huntsman, some sort of fertility/nature god.  The
dogma of the cult was somewhat vague...more or less they were all under
Cerunnos' sway and did whatever he told them, which often involved a lot
of running naked and mad passionate sex.  

      What it involved right now was drawing a huge chalk circle in the
middle of the park with one of those little machines used in football
stadiums to refresh the grid lines, and drawing lots of runic squigglies
inside it, while some of the others danced about chanting the words
Cerunnos had taught them.  Once everything was set up, they all moved
inside the circle and began dancing in a ring with torches around
'Cerunnos', who chanted in a tongue that sounded to them like some alien
language.  

      Long slumbering power awoke.  Cerunnos could feel it.  He laughed.
Fools.  They know not what they do.  He abandoned his old body and
became one with the site, the most powerful arcane point in all of Tokyo.
Years of planning was about to come to fruition.  To him had fallen the
power of control over the earth:  rock, stone, lava, and most
importantly...fault lines.  He 'grabbed' the nearby fault line and yanked.
The Second Kanto Quake had begun.  

      Cerunnos, however, would not see the effects.  He realized too late
that he had overstressed himself.  He had been too impatient and not
gathered enough power from the point before causing the quake.  As he
slipped into unconsciousness within the earth, one of his followers fell
down and dropped her torch.  The entire park soon began to burn.
Cerunnos' body burned to ashes and the fire spread.  Not that he cared.
It was but one of hundreds he had used over the millenia and not one of
the better ones.  

May 22, 2025

      Tokyo lay in ruins in the aftermath of the Great Kanto Quake.  Taka
quietly drove his bulldozer through one of the devastated parks, as did
several other workers.  What was bad for the city was good for them.  This
Genom company wanted to build its new headquarters here, so they were
clearing away the rubble.  Tearing down the outlying blocks of buildings
was next.  The Genom Tower was going to be huge.

      It's a pity about the park, he thought.  This was really beautiful
once.  It was a memorial, too.  But I guess the city is desperate for cash
to rebuild after this big mess.  Repairing all this fire damage would cost
a bundle.

      He shrugged off the thought and went back to focusing on his job,
driving past the sign which read, 'Future site of Genom Tower.  Another
fine job by Matsuura and Son, inc.'  In years to come, he would kick
himself for having had anything to do with this.  By then it was too late.

********

Dance of Shiva

Chapter 11:  Delenda est Schilling.

********

       Catherine Romanova was short and red-haired like her daughter, 
although her hair was much longer and tied back into a long-braid.  Her 
husband, Kazuya, was red haired as well, and both of them were well into 
middle-age.  She was dressed up in one of her nice business suits today 
because she was going to be meeting her daughter's boyfriend's parents.  
Having heard a few strange stories from Ryu about them, she was quite 
interested in seeing what they would actually be like.

       Frantically, she flitted around the kitchen, trying to get everything 
ready while her husband 'helped' her, which usually wasn't much help as he 
wasn't a very good cook.  Not that she was the goddess of cooking
herself.  Both she and her husband liked to eat, but disliked cooking,
which meant the best take-out places in the area knew them all by name.

        He was competent at barbeque, however, so she had sent him out to
grill 
meat.  Unfortunately, he had finished before she did, which meant he was now 
hovering about, getting in the way.  She was glad he WANTED to help, though.  
She'd spent years beating that into him (He'd been raised to let the women do 
it all), then years regretting what happened when he did help.

        The ringing of the doorbell sent him scurrying, and soon she got her 
first look at Tenchi and Ryouko Hakubi-Masaki.  Tenchi looked quite 
respectable in a nice suit, while Ryouko...well, she'd always assumed Ryu had 
been joking when he claimed his spikey hair was inherited from his mother.  
Still, she was dressed nicely enough in red and black, although she kept 
tugging on her clothing as if it was a straitjacket.

        Nene and Ryu were there as well, both dressed up in their best
clothing.  Ryu said, "Mrs. Romanova, these are my parents, Tenchi and
Ryouko Hakubi-Masaki."

        Tenchi stepped forward and offered her a hand, which she shook. 
"Nice 
to meet you."

      Ryouko sniffed the air.  "Smells good.  When do we eat?"

       "The food will be ready in just a few minutes.  Kazuya, can you take
our 
guests to the table?"

     Soon, they all got seated, and started talking while waiting for the
food.  "So you're a lawyer?"  Tenchi asked Kazuya.

     Kazuya nodded.  "Hai.  I wanted to be a doctor when I was in high
school, but then I discovered that I wasn't as good at science as I
really needed and that I didn't actually enjoy doing biology experiments
and since medicine is basically applied biology and chemistry, I ended up
doing law instead.  And Catherine runs a computer troubleshooting and
consulting service.  Nene takes after her mother."

        Ryouko sipped her tea, then frowned and said, "This doesn't taste
like 
sake."

        Kazuya blinked.  "It's not sake."

        "Don't give her any,"  Ryu said.  "Trust me."

        "Hey, I CAN hold my liquor!"  Ryouko snapped at Ryu.

        Kazuya started to get up.  "I think we have some in the kitchen."

        Tenchi put a hand on Ryouko's shoulder and whispered into her ear. 
She 
fumed.  "Tea will be fine," she said.

      It was perhaps the hand of destiny that caused Catherine to come out
of the kitchen with a bottle of sake at that moment.  And people say
Destiny has no sense of humor.

********

        Dinner was over and the post-feeding drunken reminisences were in
full 
progress.  Nene and Ryu, despite their best efforts, had been unable to 
prevent their parents ending up soused and had finally yielded to the 
pressure, ending up hammered themselves.  Catherine was standing on the 
sofa, acting out an elaborate story which no one really understood because it 
relied on knowing all the details of her life which only Kazuya knew,
although 
Nene had flashes of comprehension.  "Okay, so this was like after Mitsuru-
sempai and Nanami-chan started dating.  But BEFORE Shinobu-sempai's 
sister had him kidnapped and tattooed 'cruel to his sister' on his forehead.  
Okay, now Nanami and I were trying to do our homework.  She was bored out 
of our skull, so we decided to go down to the Tokyo U union, where we see
this 
spikey haired girl and this really weird looking girl with long hair in this 
funky kimono and they're having a food fight and...hey, that was you!"  She 
pointed at Ryouko.

      Ryouko laughed.  "What, the time Aeka and I started pelting each
other with baked potatos?"  

      "Yeah.  So we're walking along and Nanami gets hit in the head with a 
baked potato.  Two seconds later, Mitsuru-sempai shows up with the entire 
girl's soccer team chasing him and shouting about underwear and then..."  She 
paused.  "You tell the rest, Kazuya-chan."

      He shook his head.  "I have NO idea what on Earth you're talking
about."

      "Umm...neither do I."

      Mass facefault time.

********

      They didn't clean up until the next morning, mostly because the 
Romanovas simply passed out on the spot.  The next morning, their heads 
pounded as they tried to clean up.  "Now I remember why we don't have many 
parties anymore,"  Catherine said.

        "Well, Ryu's parents seemed pretty nice, even though I never did get
a 
straight answer on what they do for a living."  Kazuya tried to figure out
how 
so much clothing had gotten scattered around the living room when he didn't 
remember waking up naked.

         Catherine plugged in the vacuum cleaner, concluded in three seconds 
that it would make her head explode if she listened to it much longer, then 
turned it off.  "I think Ryouko said she was a spy."

         "I remember Tenchi said something about the government.  Working for 
the Emperor or some such thing.  Then again, I also distinctly remember 
Ryouko flying."  Kazuya sat down and laughed.  "Like Shinobu-sempai's wife.  
I doubt Ryouko's from outer space like her, though."

          Catherine nodded.  "What's the odds that two people we know would 
marry aliens?  I wouldn't have believed it myself if she hadn't shown up in 
her spaceship and challenged Shinobu-sempai to a game of tag for the future 
of the Earth at your high school reunion."  Turning to her husband, she said, 
"That wasn't common at your high school, was it?"

        "Even at Greenwood, aliens were pretty rare.  Although I did meet
some 
ghosts."  Kazuya laughed.  "But that reunion...that topped it all.  I
suppose we ought to tell Nene about that some day, but I don't think she
believes in aliens."

      Catherine nodded.  "Well, she's not too likely to end up married to
Alien royalty or go to outer space any time soon, so we don't need to
worry about it."  Thinking a minute, she said, "Maybe Nanami-chan and
Mitsuru-sempai went to outer space."

      "I don't think so, although...there was that one trip they wouldn't
talk 
about."  He sighed.  "I wish we knew what happened to them."

        "I'm sure Nanami's making a profit, wherever she's gone to." 
Catherine 
said, then clutched her head.  "Remind me to get rid of the rest of the sake.
 
Ugh, my head!"

     "I'm just glad we've managed to build a nice normal life.  No aliens.
No ghosts.  No people driving motorcycles down the hallway.  Now, if I
could just get around to getting rid of that one stump..."  

         Catherine knew better than to believe he would ever get rid of the 
stump, given that it had sat in their front yard for over twenty years and 
motivated the purchase of at least five tools, which had never been used. 
Her 
husband was a great lawyer and a BAD handyman.  

********

      Kiyone slipped quietly through the hallways of Schilling
Enterprises, ignoring the loud crashing noises coming from downstairs.
She smiled faintly.  If there's one thing Mihoshi does really well, it's
create a diversion that attracts ALL possible attention.  She looked at
the primitive device in her hands.  I can hardly believe any civilization
would need to make a modem this large.  

      A simple enough job.  Schilling Enterprise had two computer systems.
One of them was used for less secure transactions and could be accessed
from outside.  The other one had no external connections and could only be
accessed from inside the building.  Normally.  

*********

       Nene sat and hacked at a furious pace.  Have to make sure all my
tracks are covered so those security checks don't find anything.  Part of
the problem was not knowing for sure how many potential records had to be
altered.  Nene thought she had covered her tracks, but some tidbit of info
that might reveal her true age or other information she had covered up
might leak out.  

      She also had a ton of information to try to collate on Schilling
Enterprises that her information gathering programs had dredged up.  Just
to further complicate matters, Wasyuu had given her a new computer that
was much more powerful but also seemed to constantly go whacko.  She'd
given up on voice interface and was just typing now...the voice interface
seemed to be far too literal and got confused easily.  And the computer
kept lecturing her and trying to tell her what to do, so she had to shut
off its voice too.  

      The phone rang.  She answered it.  "Hello?"

      "Hi, this is Celia.  We're on our way back."

      "Wow, this quick?"

      Celia smiled, though Nene couldn't see it.  "Something just
clicked."

      "Cool.  I'm pretty sure the widget in Schilling's computers is
working.  Soon as you get back, we can make our raid."

      "Good.  We need to get moving.  How are things going?"

      "Enjoying my new toys.  Worrying too much about keeping my job."

      "Well, I don't know if any of our lives will be the same after
this."

      Nene nodded.  That was for sure.

******

      Unit 2 and Unit 3 faced off in the clearing while everyone else
watched.  Some kid named Hitomi was driving Unit 3.  Noa's mind quietly
ignored the fact that she hadn't been any older than the 'kid' when she
started doing this.  They both drew their combat rods and the kid charged
her, rod held high like someone out of a samurai movie.

       Noa laughed quietly to herself and sidestepped, then slammed the
kid in the back with her rod, sending her flying.  The kid got up and did
it again with similar results.  Noa said, "This isn't a samurai movie.  If
you charge someone with a weapon held high over your head, not only do you
leave yourself vulnerable, if they move, you can't do much.  Don't run in
an Ingram unless you have to.  It's a lot harder to stop than it is with a
human body."

        The kid apparently ignored her, getting up and charging a third
time.  Noa sighed.  Going to have to beat some sense into this one.  She
sidestepped again.  Suddenly, Unit 3 was behind Noa, smashing Unit 2 in
the head with her rod.  Noa staggered, but managed to regain control.
Bloody psychics cheat, she thought.  "Not bad use of your powers."  She
backkicked and sent Unit 3 sprawling.  "But how long can you keep this
up?"

        Unit 3 staggered to its feet.  The girl looked dazed.  Noa moved
in, smacking Unit 2 over and over as the girl put up only a feeble
resistance.  Noa backed off.  "Like I thought.  You try teleporting one of
these things and you're not going to be worth squat afterwards."

       The girl moaned.  "Never moved something this heavy before."

       "Look, you people can all do things I can't do and never will be
able to do.  But it's got limits.  You're not going to be able to stop in
the middle of the battle because you've run out of power.  We're going to
be facing dozens, maybe hundreds of boomers and God knows what else.  Use
your powers wisely, and they'll give us the edge we need to survive.  Lean
on them too much and you'll be dead.  You've got limits that our
enemies do not.  Boomers won't get tired and they'll keep coming
until they can't move at all.  Your powers don't make you
invulnerable.  Class dismissed for lunch." She got out of her Ingram and
prayed they had actually listened to her.

        Hiromi and Taeki joined her for lunch, along with the Chief, who
had dropped in with some visitors.  "Everyone, I have some friends I'd
like you to meet."  Noa looked up and blinked.  "A...Ayukawa...?"  Noa
had all of her albums.  She had thought Madoka was dead.

       Madoka, Kyosuke, and Hikaru laughed, especially Madoka.  "That
brings back memories," she said. 

       Hikaru glomped onto Kyosuke's arm.  "Daaaaaahling!"  They all
laughed again, leaving the others rather confused.

       Noa blinked.  "Professor Hiyama?  You're part of this too?"

       Hikaru smiled.  "Couldn't resist the urge to make history as well
as write about it."

       Noa wondered for a moment what they could possibly need a
historian, a musician, and a...whatever for.  

       Chief Goto said, "Well, I see you know two of our people.  This
fellow is Kasuga Kyosuke, noted photographer and not so noted psychic."
He then introduced the three ex-SV2 officers to the guests.

       Kyosuke posed in a rather silly pose for a moment, then laughed.
"My son worked with you in SV2 for a while."

       "Oh, you're Akira's father?  He was a good officer."

       "Hai.  Anyway, we've come to make you an offer, Mrs. Shinohara,"
Hikaru said.

       "An offer?"

       Hikaru took a deep breath.  "Due to an unfortunate encounter with
one of the beings we're likely going to be facing soon, I...have the
ability to help awaken people's psychic potential.  It takes different
forms with different people as far as I can tell...I've only done it a few
times.  It makes me rather...uncomfortable.  However, given that you're
going to be leading this assault and you're the only person who doesn't
already have this ability..."

     Noa blinked.  "I..you...what?"

     Taeki cocked her head.  "And what is this going to cost her?"

     "Well, it's irreversible, for one thing.  If you decide you don't
like it, I can't undo it.  And not everyone has much potential.  And the
only way for me to determine that in advance...makes me rather
uncomfortable as well."

     Noa felt a bit overwhelmed.  "I...uh...I'll have to think about
this."

      Hikaru nodded.  "I understand.  I wouldn't force this on anyone."

      Noa had more to think about for the rest of the day than she really
wanted.

******

      Ryu worked on his homework, trying to not get too far behind.  Thus,
he almost didn't notice the head sticking up through his desk, looking at
him with a mischevous twinkle.  Almost.  "Spying on me for Manami, mom?"

      "Would I do such a thing?"

      "In an instant."

      Ryouko phased out of the furniture and hovered next to Ryu.
"Spoilsport."

      "Just don't rig up anything that'll destroy the dorm, okay?"

      "It's not like we can't afford to repair it."

      "Dad won't like it either."

      Ryouko sighed.  "You're no fun."

      "I'd like to not get kicked out of my dorm and have to go live in a
shoebox."  He finished off the last physics problem and turned to his
chemistry homework.  "And try not to do anything that'll take out my
roommate or suitemates, either, okay?  No teleportals to deep space or
anything like that."

      "I suggested that, but Manami doesn't trust those things."  Hmmmm,
she thought.  Maybe the...

      "And if you put Nair in my shampoo, I'll help grandpa film you in
bed again."

       Ryouko said, "Again?"

       Ryu laughed.  That should distract Mom for a while, he thought.

*********

      Macky sat quietly on the steps of the shrine while everyone ran
around packing.  He still hadn't managed to unlock his abilities yet.  If
I have any, he thought.  At least Grandma and Aeka-san will stay here with
me so I don't have to play with the tree by myself.  Celia and Youshou
were heading back to town.  He could train her there and Celia wanted to
plunge into the thick of things, Macky could tell.  He knew his sister
well.  She wouldn't SHOW enthusiasm, but he could see it when she had it.
Which was all too rare.

      He felt hands on his shoulders and jumped.  Meylia leaned down.
"You okay, Macky?  You don't look so good."

      He sighed.  "I feel useless."

      She sat down by him and put an arm around his shoulder and gave him
a hug.  "You're not useless."

      "What if I never figure out how to do this?"

      "If I could figure it out while lying in a coma, I'm sure you can.
You're much smarter than I'll ever be."  Her voice was soothing and quiet,
but Macky wasn't ready to believe.  

      "Yeah, right.  That's why I'm 18 with no high school diploma, no
job, and a future of being my sister's flunky for life."  He sighed.  "I
haven't had a date in my entire life, probably because I only meet women
who are armed to the teeth and several years older than me...at the
youngest.  Not to mention, every time I tried, Celia gave me a lecture on
family secrets, our crusade, blah blah blah blah."  He quietly sagged.  

      Meylia sighed.  She knew it had been hard for her grandchildren but
it had never quite been shoved in her face like this before.  My poor
grandson has lost all of his childhood.  "So your sister hasn't let you
date anyone at all?"

      "Well, she hasn't dated anyone either, so at least she's not a
hypocrite."  He sighed.  "I've thought about going off to college, but she
really does need me...but I'm gonna go nuts if I can't ever have any
social life at all."

       "Well, I'll talk to Celia about it."

       Macky laughed faintly.  "I don't think she'll listen.  I'm
surprised she hasn't tried to turn the Knight Sabres into a monastic
order."

     Meylia tried not to laugh at a sudden mental image of Priss in a 
nun's habit.  "Is it really that bad?"

     "Not all the time, but I just wish I could have a date.  Just ONE
date.  Just to even see what it's like."

      Meylia thought.  Hmm.  This could be a challenge.  "I'll see what I
can do."

      Macky sighed.  "Grandma...Is this all as weird to you as it is to
me?"

     "More weird to me.  I had a normal life until this happened.  You
never had one."

      He nodded.  

      "I was all alone and terrified for weeks after I woke from the coma.
I thought I had lost everyone I loved and turned into some kind of magical
ghost or something.  All I had left was revenge."  She paused and smiled
at Macky.  "I'm so glad that you two are still alive and okay.  I love you
two very much.  You know that, don't you?"

      Macky smiled back.  "I love you too, grandma."  He felt a little
better now.

*******

     Wilson Kamisaka sat on the couch, watching TV.  He had taken the day
off because it was his birthday.  He was rather worried about the
possibility that the idiot assassin might be traced to him.  The guy had
gotten arrested, but Stingray hadn't pressed charges...yet.  Why did
anyone in our company want her dead, anyway?  "It just doesn't make any
sense,"  he muttered to himself.  "Why would anyone want a lingerie shop
owner killed?"

      "That's a good question.  We intend to find out," said a woman's
voice behind him.

       He froze up.  What the...  Turning around, he saw a blue-green
haired woman standing behind him, wearing an odd looking tight red
jumpsuit.  "Hi.  Shall I cut off your hands first or would you like to
come peacefully?"  she asked with a cheery tone of voice.

       "Who the hell are you?"

       "I'm the dread space pirate Ryouko."  She casually blasted his TV to
a pile of smoking wires and glass.  "That could be you."

       Wilson came peacefully.

*******

      The Knight Sabres sat around the briefing table, such as it was.
"So what's the plan?"  Priss asked.

      "Well, Wilson claims he gets his orders from an account on their
machine whose password is supposedly only known by the head of Regional
Operations at the company's headquarters back in Germany.  However, Nene
did some hacking and determined that someone has been logging into that
account from here in Japan, namely from a Takahito Enterprises warehouse
in Yokohama.  The account hasn't been logged into from Germany in 3
months.  Secondly, Takahito Enterprises is owned by Daichi Tool and Die,
which is a subsidiary of Genom.  Thirdly, someone else inside Schilling
must also be involved since usually notes for Wilson were hidden in his
office and the email messages just told him where to look.  The next step
is going to be to catch the person in Takahito who is sending the
messages...or at least using their computers."  Celia paused for air.

      Nene said, "The account being used from Takahito belongs to a minor
executive, Dora Shinishi.  Whoever is doing this logs onto the executive
account at Schilling on a regular basis.  We're going to catch them the
next time they do."

      "We also have a plan to make them believe Genom is responsible for
whatever damage we may do."

      Priss laughed.  "I like it."

      "How are we going to make them think Genom is responsible?"  Linna
asked.

      Nene laughed.  "When they see big blue boomers rampaging through
their building, what else COULD they conclude?"

      "How are we going to do that?"  Linna asked.

      "We're going to play dressup!"  Nene laughed.

      Now Priss and Linna were worried.

*********

      Noa sat quietly on the couch and watched TV.  Asuma came over and
sat down by her.  "Thinking about the offer they made you?"

      Noa nodded.  "I can't decide if I should take it or not.  It's not
doing those kids much good as labor pilots, but..."

      Asuma said, "I think you should take the offer...we're going to need
every advantage we can get."  He sat down beside Noa and handed her a cup
of tea.

      Sipping the tea slowly, she replied, "If I was younger, I think I
would say yes.  When I was really little, I wanted to be a superhero."

     "Like the Senshi?"

      She laughed.  "Yeah.  I didn't want to die like them, though."  She
shuddered.

      He nodded.  "I guess they had the Power too."

      "It didn't save them."

      "But they saved us."

      Noa remembered that day.  Indeed, she could never forget it.  As
much as she might have wanted to.  

*******


      The battle seemed like it had been raging for hours.  One of the
Senshi, dressed in green, her hair in a long pony-tail, had gotten Ohta
out of the park, or at least out of the fight.  Noa was fighting
desperately, practically walking on a sea of labors.  Dozens, maybe
hundreds were scattered about the park.  She couldn't see any of her team
mates.  There were Senshi everywhere.  They lept about like berserk
grasshoppers, carving swaths of destruction with fire, ice, cold, light,
water and other substances.   And above it all was mocking laughter and a
strange play of lights in the sky, like the Aurora Borealis.  

      "Foolish Sailors.  I can send every labor in the city after you if I
want.  You cannot hope to defeat them all."  The voice was male and
strangely hollow.  Where it came from, Noa couldn't tell.

      Noa punted a labor skyward and dodged a second one, which then got
cut in half by a man in white armor on horseback.  He paused briefly to
bow to Noa.  "You fight well, lady knight."

      Noa laughed nervously.  "You too.  What is that thing, a
monofilament sword?"

      The man laughed.  "Just magic."  He turned and galloped into a knot
of labors, scattering them about with single blows and lifting a red
haired senshi up onto the horse from their midst.  

      Noa took a few seconds to boggle, then went back to fighting.  What
scared her was that if the opposition hadn't been constantly reinforced by
more labors, they would have been able to win by now, easily.  These
people were scarily powerful.  She watched one of them leap into the air
and stab a labor in the 'head' with a short golden dagger.  It fell over,
smoking.  Two more labors charged that senshi from the rear.  Noa drew her
gun and fired, blowing off the head of one labor.  It collapsed and
knocked down the other one.

      The senshi spun and took out the second labor, then paused to smile
at Noa.  Noa smiled back and gave her the thumbs up, then returned to the
fight.  Maybe we'll actually win this, she thought.  I hope Ohta's going
to be okay, and everyone else...

      That was when the shining lights in the sky came together into a
glowing circle, in which could dimly be seen a face.  It smirked.
"Foolish Senshi.  Come and get me, if you dare."

      They dared.  They came together in a massive circle and joined hands
as Noa watched. The rampaging labors fell silent.  The Senshi rose into
the sky, riding a circle of light.  They passed through the light in the
sky, which shrunk and dwindled behind them.  The horde of labors suddenly
slumped over and collapsed.  The Great Labor Riot of 2000 AD was over.
The Senshi had not been seen again since that day.

************************

       "I wish I knew what happened to them...We don't even know if they
managed to defeat whatever caused that."

       "Well, it never happened again, so I'd have to assume we did."

       She sipped her tea.  "I had nightmares for months about labors
rampaging without anyone controlling them.  How the government managed to
avoid having to totally supress them..."

       "Well, you got a commendation out of it."  He paused and thought
for a moment.  "Hmmm.  Maybe if you take Hiyama-san's offer, that dream I
had about you becoming 'Ingraman' will come true."

       Noa laughed.  "I'll bring you a souveneir from the M-61 galaxy."

       They both relaxed a bit after that.

*******

      Linna shook her head faintly.  Wearing a boomer costume over their
hardsuits.  If this fools anyone, they deserve what is coming to them.
Apparently Wasyuu had offered some holobelts, but they weren't quite
working right, so Celia and Nene had chased down these costumes.
Apparently they had originally been designed for use in some cheesy movie
like 'A Clockwork Boomer'.  

       Nene was sitting at the computer, monitoring the computer accounts
to see if the target logged onto either of them.  If they did, she would
trace their log on site and the Sabres would strike.

       Priss sat back, feeling relaxed.  This was something she knew how
to deal with.  No monsters, no magic, just fighting nice predictable
humans and boomers with the people she trusted most.  She had her sword
with her, though, just in case.

********

     Z put his current body to bed and slipped into the one he had
prepared for this.  I haven't found those interfering Juraiians, but I'll
show X I can handle the Knight Sabres.  

      Assuming they were smart enough to follow the trail of clues I
created for them.  He paused as he headed for his car.  I hope X wasn't
needing the boomers I borrowed for this for anything.

********

     The Sabres waited a few blocks from the warehouse in the Silky Doll
truck, with Ryu up front driving.  They had borrowed him since Macky was
still off in the countryside, training.  
     
     Nene's computer pinged.  "They're online."

     Celia nodded.  "We're going in."  Priss and Linna got up and followed
her, while Nene stayed in the truck so she could monitor the 'net
connections.

     The Knight Sabres had already prepared their break in and had a handy
second story window available to slip in through.  From the walkway above
the main floor of the warehouse, they could see the lifting equipment and
the tons of crates that formed neat stacks on the floor below. They could
also see the office that had the computer.  They leaped down to the floor
below and headed to the office door.  Priss simply crashed through the
wooden door to the office.  "Dead or alive, you're coming with me!"

     The man who sat in the chair ignored her and kept typing.  He had
short, black hair and wore a nice suit.  They couldn't see his face, but
he looked eerily familiar.  

     Priss grabbed his shoulder.  "You deaf, pal?"

     The man spun around in the chair.  For a moment, the trio thought
that Brian J. Mason was sitting before them.  They all froze in place,
sharing a common thought.  Didn't we kill him TWICE?

     Then they realized it wasn't actually him, though he looked creepily
similiar.  Cold eyes, a faint sneer, the same excessively slick hairstyle,
and the same look of unwarranted confidence.  The features, however, were
somewhat different, though not by a lot.  He looked sort of like a bad
copy of Mason.  He also had a high pitched whiny voice.

     "I told you idiots to wait in the crates."  'Mason' blinked,
apparently surprised by the sound of his own voice.  "Now I remember why I
wasn't using this body.  Anyway, go back to the crates and wait for the
Sabres to show up."

     Celia said smoothly, "Yes sir."

     They turned and walked out into the warehouse.  Celia radioed the
others so they wouldn't be overheard.  "Nene, jam all communications out
of the warehouse.  Priss, Linna, be ready to cover me.  I'm going to grab
him.  We can expect way too much company."

      They nodded.  Celia walked back into the office.  "Sir, the Knight
Sabres are here."  

     'Mason' blinked.  "They are?  It's awfully quiet."

     "They're trying to be stealthy, sir.  Shouldn't we get you out of
here?"

     "It doesn't matter if this body dies.  It has a lousy voice, anyway."
He quickly shut down the program he was running.  "I might as well come
out and say hello to them before they die."  He followed Celia out into
the warehouse and saw Priss and Linna waiting. "I thought I told you to go
back to the crates."

     Priss laughed.  "We're on strike."

     "What?"

     Celia grabbed the man.  "Let's go."

     "HEY!"

     "You're not too bright, are you?"  Linna asked.  They all leaped up
to the upper level walkway.  

     The man shouted, "SAVE ME!"

     Two dozen crates burst open.  It was the most boomers any of them had
ever seen in one place.  Priss swore loudly.  The chase was on.  

*********

      Leon finished off his paperwork.  Stupid internal security checks.
About the only thing they didn't ask me is what I had for dinner
yesterday.  As he got up to go, Daley walked up to him.  "Hiya, Leon.
Looks like I picked the wrong day to come back, eh?"

      Leon said, "I hope you enjoy filling out internal security report
forms."

      "More fun than I can stand.  Ready to hit the road with me again
tomorrow?"

      "Promise me you won't ask for a gun without recoil."

      "Should I ask?"

      "No."  

*********

      The Sabres zoomed through the run down warehouse district with
combat boomers in hot pursuit.  There were just too many of them to fight
them all at once.  Ryu and Nene followed in the truck, trying to not
look too conspicuous while they called for help.  "So who are you?" Celia
asked the man she was carrying.  

      The man laughed, seeming far too calm.  "James Stuart.  Nice
costume, by the way.  I guess you're actually one of the Knight Sabres
inside that costume?"

      "So how long have you been manipulating Wilson Kamisaka?"

      The man visibly started.  The Sabres dove into an alleyway to avoid
gunfire from the pursuing boomers.  "You're one of THEM!"

      "Didn't you already guess that?"

      The man howled an inchoate cry of rage.  "JURAI!"

      Now it was Celia's turn to start with surprise. 

      He laughed.  "Two birds with one stone!"

      Linna had a very bad feeling, which got worse when the man began to
crackle with black energy.  "Celia, DUMP HIM!"

      It was too late.  The energy crackled into Celia's suit and the jets
got damaged.  She plummeted to the ground, dropping Stuart, who crashed
into a dumpster.  Celia got back up.  A quick damage assessment showed
that other than the damaged jet, her boomer costume had taken the damage
for her.  Unfortunately, the twenty pursuing boomers were coming.  She
crashed through a nearby doorway into a warehouse.  Maybe I can hide.

      Stuart clambered to the top of the dumpster.  "GET HER!"

      "Screw you."  Priss said, opening fire on Stuart with her flechette
cannon, then fleeing into the warehouse before the horde of boomers caught
up, as did Linna.  They scattered, hoping the boomers would split up too. 

      Out in the van, Ryu and Nene were having a frenzied discussion.  "We
have to DO something!"  Nene said.

      "You think the five of us can fight twenty combat boomers?"

      "Well..."

      Ryu sighed.  "Dad said they'll be here soon.  All we can do is keep
the communications jammed like you're doing."  He paused.  "Look.  You
stay here and do that.  I'll go in and help."

      "But you said..."

      "I can phase so they can't hurt me."  I hope they can't hurt me, he
thought.  "I'll distract them."

      The boomers were milling about through the warehouse, trying
methodically to track down their targets while the Sabres hid desperately,
which wasn't easy in big blue boomer costumes.  Priss managed to walk
around a corner admidst the crates and right up to two of the boomers.
"Shit."  She opened fire with her gauss gun and blew the head off of one
of the boomers, then ducked back out of sight as the other boomer blew
away everything near her.  She thought to herself, I guess this is my big
chance to see how well this sword works on combat boomers.  She
transformed and leapt into the air, coming down over the flaming wreckage
onto the boomer, cutting it in half before it realized what had happened.
I LIKE this, she thought.

       Unfortunately, this gave away her position to half the boomers in
the place.  Luckily, Ryu chose this moment to appear in the air over the
crates, attracting the attention of just about all the boomers.  They
opened fire and he teleported to one corner of the room.  Darting hither
and yon, he dodged desperately, teleporting frequently and trying to
concentrate on staying phased.  

      Priss took advantage of the distraction to head for the exit, as did
Linna and Celia.  As they exited, a rather mangled Stuart leaned up out of
the dumpster.  Priss blinked.  He survived being shot with my flechette
gun?  
  
      "Damn you, Jurai...This body is giving out on me."  He saw the
sword, which Priss was still carrying and Linna now noticed.  "Two of
you...I could have gotten two of you at once...Should have brought a
better body...didn't think I'd need it."

     "What ARE you?"  Celia asked.

     "I am the bane of all your line, for you slew the beloved of the 
Great Lord SHIVA.  DIE!" He gathered more black energy around him, then
quietly spewed more blood and died.  The energy guttered out.

     They took off for the truck.  "What about Ryu?"  Linna asked.

     "He can just teleport out once we're clear."  Celia said.  I hope.

     He did.  They rendevoused at the truck, right as Ryouko, Tenchi,
Manami, Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Sasami arrived.  "Sorry it took so long,"
Tenchi said.  "We got lost looking for the right warehouse."

     Celia sighed.  "With Stuart dead, we don't know for sure if he was
connected to Wallace, although..."

     "The horde o' boomers kinda says "Genom" to me."  Priss said.

     Linna stared at the sword.  "Where did you get that, Priss?"

     I'm surprised she didn't say anything about my...oh yeah, it's inside
my hardsuit so she can't SEE it, Priss thought.  "Sasami gave it to me."

     "Can I get one?"  Linna had always wanted her own lightsabre.  

     Sasami laughed nervously.  "Uhh..."

     Celia said, "Also, whatever he was, he was after Juraiians.  At
least, he could tell I'm one, and it sent him into a frenzy.  He said we
had killed his beloved master Shiva's child or something like that."

     "He must be one of the ...whatever they are that are using Genom to
try to make war on Juraii."  Manami said.  

     Mihoshi says, "Kiyone and I have been doing some checking following
some lines of investigation that Youshou-san suggested to us."

     Kiyone nodded.  "Three criminals with a noted hatred for the line of
Jurai escaped from Galaxy Police custody in 1896.  Two Galaxy Police
Agents chased them to Earth and reported them killed...however..."

     "However?"

     "They shot down the spaceship the trio had stolen, but didn't
actually recover any bodies.  There is some evidence that the criminals
possessed some sort of mind-swapping technology and may have survived the
crash by taking over new bodies in the area.  They might not even need
bodies to survive.  Youshou thought he may have encountered these beings
before...it would explain some past experiences of his.  And Wasyuu thinks
she knows where they came from."

     "Where?"  Nene asked.

     Sasami said, "It all began a very long time ago..."

*********

Circa 10,000 BC

      Walyn smiled.  "How is the rainmaking coming along?"  he asked his
computer.

      'Planet has insufficient water to flood entire planet.'  the
computer reported.

      Walyn rolled his eyes and put down the report he was reading,
floating over to the computer bank.  "I KNOW that.  Otherwise the entire
planet would already be submerged.  You're supposed to be draining the
water from Ascalis IV to make up the difference.  That way we can compare
catastrophic drought and catastrophic flooding."

      "Professor Wasyuu is currently conducting experiments on Ascalis IV.
It was my understanding that..."

      "Do it anyway!  We can't wait forever and a day for her to finish.
Besides, I'm sure she'd do the same."

       Like most people, he didn't really know Wasyuu very well.  

*********

      By the time Sasami finished telling the story, everyone was very
quiet.  "And so we condemned him to death for devastating two worlds.  But
he swore his work would go on for a year of centuries, and so it has.
Something is out there, unleashing disasters, stalking Wasyuu, myself, and
the house of Jurai, for condemning Walyn to death.  Every century, some
menace is unleashed somewhere.  We've never been able to find where he hid
all these disasters, and we can't even be sure that any disaster or threat
is connected to him...but just about anything that shows up gunning for
Juraiians for no apparent reason usually is connected to him."

     "In other words, there could be millions more of these things or
they could be the only ones?"  Linna asked.

     "He claimed he served something named Shiva,"  Celia said. 

     "Like the god of destruction?"  Nene asked.

     "I don't like this idea of mind-switching entities...how could we
tell we're getting the right person?  How do we STOP them?"  Linna asked.  

     "Wasyuu's working on that."

      Celia said, "So Wallace is quite possibly one of these things."

      "Heck, that could have BEEN the same thing if it was one of these
mind-swapping whatsits,"  Priss said.  

      I don't like this, Linna thought.  I don't like this at ALL...I wish
we could have just stuck to nice simple Boomers like the old days.

*********




















May 1, 1996

      Hikaru finished reading 'Louis XIV and 20 Million Frenchmen' just as
the strains of a waltz started to drift through the wall from Usagi's
bedroom.  It wasn't the sort of music she was used to hearing from Usagi's
room, so it caught her attention.  She got up and walked over to Usagi's
room and knocked.  The door swung open.  Mamoru, Usagi's fiancee, and
Usagi were trying to waltz.  It wasn't working very well.  Mamoru knew how
to dance, but it clearly wasn't Usagi's strong point.

      Hikaru said, "Need some help?"

      Usagi said, "Do you know how to waltz well, Hikaru-chan?"

      Hikaru laughed.  "Is the Pope Catholic?  Is the Emperor Japanese?"
She walked over to the couple.  "I wanted to go into professional dance
when I was younger, and I learned all sorts of stuff."

      She spent the next thirty minutes helping Usagi get the moves down
and giving Mamoru tips on how to effectively 'lead' Usagi.  Finally, Usagi
plopped down on her bed, exhausted.  "Wow!  You're really good at this.
So why didn't you stay in dancing, Hikaru-chan?"

      Hikaru sat down and sighed.  "I was in a car wreck and I had leg
injuries.  I can handle something like this, but anything as stressful as
professional dancing would wreck my legs permanently."  I can only manage
this because I have the Power, but I won't mention that.  

      "That's too bad, Hiyama-san,"  Mamoru said.  "It's terrible when you
can't follow your dream."

      "I've had a lot of my dreams wrecked over the years, but I'm pretty
good at bouncing back from disaster.  Like my boyfriend falling in love
with my best friend."

       "Ack!  That's awful!"  Usagi said.  "I can't believe your best
friend and your boyfriend did that to you!  You're such a nice person!"

       You're so innocent and sweet, Usagi, Hikaru thought.  I wish I was
still as much like you as I used to be.  She smiled.  "Thank you,
Usagi-chan."  She noticed Usagi's Ayukawa Madoka poster on the wall and
laughed.  "You just put that up there?"

       "Yeah!  She's such a cooool singer!"

       Hikaru laughed.  "She's the one my boyfriend fell in love with."

       "You're kidding!"  Usagi got big eyes.  "You know HER?"

       "We grew up together.  And then this kid Kyousuke Kasuga moved to our 
town..."

*****

Chapter 12:  Chrysalis


*****

      The group prepared to scatter for the night.  The leadership would
likely be up all night trying to decide on the next action, but everyone
else could get some sleep.  Linna was about to ship out when Sasami
approached her.  "Mind if I talk to you for a while?"

      "That's fine.  I know a coffee house we can go to."

      They soon got there in Linna's car, making insignificant small talk
along the way.  Linna got some coffee and a donut; Sasami got a big scoop
of ice cream.  "So what did you want to talk to me about?"

      "How could you percieve my true nature?  Very few people can see
what I am."

      "Uh...what exactly ARE you?  Just because I saw that doesn't mean I
understand it.  And I have no idea how I could see that unless it has
something to do with my martial arts training.  Master Hiromi tried to
teach me a lot of mystic stuff, but it never worked until recently like
when I..."

      "Like what?"

      "Like when I accidentally ended up in one of Celia's dreams.  If
that really was one of her dreams."

      Sasami got another ice cream cone, having rapidly finished her first
one.  "That is a very useful and incredibly dangerous talent."

      "What, visiting people's dreams?"

      "There is  much you can learn from a person's dreams.  But it can be
very dangerous.  If you are not careful, you can be trapped for the night
or even longer in some cases.  I can help you, if you'd like training,
though dream walking is not my strong point."

      "I...sure.  So what ARE you?"

      "My name is Princess Sasami of Jurai.  My name is also Tsunami, a
spaceship who has lived for twenty five thousand years.  You see..."

      It took a long time for Sasami to explain everything and even longer
to get Linna to believe all of it.

*********

      X sighed.  Another disaster caused by Z's incompetence.  At least
this time the ADPolice didn't get involved.  Uncovering those Juraiian
agents has left them rather paranoid.  There has to be some way we can
exploit that.  

      The worst part of this is that we don't know where the Juraiians
are.  With the satellites down, there's no good way to observe the entire
city to find them.  They could just be lurking in space somewhere.  X paced 
back and forth, trying to decide how to draw them out.

      We could strike at the Sabres...if Z is right, then one of them is
Juraiian, and one of them is carrying a master key...that would draw out the 
Juraiians.  However, a force capable of doing that successfully would attract 
too much attention...

      Hmmm.  There must be some way I can use Z to lure them into a trap.
Either way, I'll be rid of one threat.  Ideally, we need to capture one of
their space ships too so we don't stay stuck on this rock.  

      X would need a lot of time to think.  As usual, he wouldn't get as
much as he really needed, or even just wanted.

**********

     One might think that learning to dream walk would be fun.  Of course,
one might also think that space is full of air or that anything as pretty
as a fire can't burn you.  To start with, Linna's training began with her
being yanked out of a dream in which a gorgeous millionaire proposed to
her.

      "Hey!  I was enjoying that!"  She found herself floating in the
starry void of space.

      Sasami floated nearby, dressed in her usual garb, as compared to
Linna, who was wearing a tank-top and panties and feeling a bit
embarrassed.  She had been better dressed in the dream, but this was what
she had been sleeping in.  

      "You'll have plenty of time to dream when we're done.  Also, I
wanted to make sure you didn't send yourself somewhere I'd have to go
looking for you."

      "So what's first?"

      "First you get dressed."

      "How?"

      "Think about wearing something else."

      Linna thought about her hardsuit jumpsuit and suddenly she was
wearing it.  She thought about a donut and it appeared.  She ate it.
"Well, that's easy."

      "Just don't forget you won't get real nourishment from imaginary
donuts."

      "Won't get fat either."

      "Good point."  Sasami turned and pointed at the panorama of stars.
"These are all dreams.  There are many other ways you could percieve this,
but this is a fairly common one because it lets your mind use many
metaphors to help you percieve the incomprehensible."

      "So each star is someone dreaming?"

      "Yes.  The first step is to learn to find the dreamer you're looking
for.  The second step is to do it without getting sucked in."

      "Okay.  Let's say I want to go drop in on Nene's dreams.  How would
I do that?"

      "The essential element is you think about the person you want to
find.  The better you know them, the easier it is."

      "Right."  Linna tried to picture Nene in her mind.  It was pretty
easy.  An image of Nene in her ADPolice uniform sprang full blown into her
mind.  Soon, she started moving through space.  "So this will take me to
her dreams?"

      "As long as you stay focused.  The tricky part is stopping before
you end up inside the dream."

      Linna saw the same knot of stars from the night she had dreamed of
Celia, but this time she was heading towards a different one of the
swirling mass of binaries.  She noted briefly that one binary was actually
a trinary, which she hadn't quite noticed before.  One of them was almost
black.  "Why is that one black?"

      "He's shielding his dreams.  One of my students.  I'll try to
teach you that as well.  It's a useful skill.  Now, let go of the image of
Nene before you get pulled in."

      Linna stopped thinking about Nene, but found she was still drifting
towards one of the stars.  "I'm still moving!"

      "It's easy to find your friends' dreams and hard to stay out of
them.  Just concentrate on not moving."

      Trying to concentrate on NOT doing something is not as easy as it
sounds, though easier than trying to not itch.  With effort, Linna managed
it, for the moment.  "Now what?"

      "The next step is to find the exact one you want and observe it.
Think about it getting bigger so you can actually see what is in it."

      Linna looked at each of them, trying to intuit the right one from
the tiny images she saw inside them.  Finally, she selected what she
thought was the right one and told it to grow.  So of course, it grew
to five thousand times original size and swallowed her up.  Linna's new
skill lacked the precision her fighting skills possessed.

                          *****************

     Linna found herself standing in a vast royal hall, lined with
tapestries on the walls, with two huge thrones at one end.  Nene, dressed
in elaborate renaissance style garb, mostly pink and purple, including one
of those HUGE pleated collars, sat on one of the thrones, and Ryu sat on
the other one.  

     The room was bustling with courtiers, some of whom Linna recognized,
like Kiyone, Naoko, and Nene's mom, and others who Linna had never seen
before in her life, all dressed in the same huge expensive satin clothing.
In fact, Linna herself was dressed in such an outfit, all green and grey
like her hardsuit.

     The heralds blew a trumpet call and one cried out, "Queen Stingray of
Tokyo has arrived."

     Linna turned and saw Celia, dressed even MORE elaborately than Nene,
if that was humanly possible, striding up the middle of the hall, followed
by Priss in her hardsuit and Macky, who was wearing a 'wizard' costume--a 
blue robe covered with squiggly glyphs and a long pointed hat with the word 
'Wizzard' written on it.  Linna tried hard not to laugh.  A voice whispered
to 
Linna, "Well, you found the right dream.  However, letting yourself get 
sucked in like that was not so good."

      It was Sasami.  Linna turned to her.  "I didn't think it would get
that big."

      "Well, luckily, this dream is not powerful enough to control you so
getting out won't be too hard."

       Queen Stingray and Empress Nene began having a discussion about
recent Boomer attacks from Mordor and the necessity to mount another
expedition against the Boomer Breeding Pits in the Mountains of Darkness.  
Perhaps General Priss' army of replicants would be able to hand it.  

       Linna said, "So how do we get out?"

       "Basically, you have to will yourself out.  This is easy with a
dream like this, and a lot harder if the person is properly trained."

       Linna closed her eyes and found herself back in the starry void.
She could see Nene's dream floating nearby.  "Well, that was easy."

       "You have much to learn, but that's a good start.  There's three
important things to remember.  One, you're not getting any rest while you
do this, so don't spend too much time in any one night on this.  Two, be
very careful, or you might get caught in someone's dream and not be able
to get out...and if it's a nightmare, you can mess yourself up pretty
badly.  Three, be very careful about how you use this.  Not only can it be
dangerous, but you shouldn't go traipsing around people's dreams for fun."

      Linna nodded.  "Right."  

      Not that anyone ever pays attention to these rules until they get
burnt, Sasami thought, but I gave you a chance, anyway.

********

      Ingraman flew off into the sky as the crowd cheered...and then Noa
woke up.  She laughed faintly then got out of bed, leaving her husband to
sleep a while longer.  The sun was still below the horizon, leaving the
city to survive on its own light, which was still pretty substantial,
especially on a cloudy night, since the clouds reflected back a lot of the
night lights of the city.  

      Noa's body ached from driving labors around all day, though not half
as much as it had after the first day of training her new students.
Except for a few charity appearances, Noa hadn't driven labors in years
since she retired from SV2.  As a result, her body ached in ways she'd
almost forgotten existed.

       She didn't mind.  While she loved her restaurant, she hadn't
realized how much she'd missed being a labor pilot until she started doing
it again.  I feel young again, she thought.  We may be going up against
incredible odds, but I...I don't mind.  This is all so completely insane,
but I like it.  It's probably foolish of me to be looking forward to a
good fight, but I am.  

       Should I take Hiyama's deal?, she wondered.  Those kids rely on
their powers too much...but it would be useful.  I should do it...because
if I don't, I know I'll end up needing them.  Assuming I can actually
learn what I'm doing with them fast enough to do any good.

      Having made up her mind, she went to go get some more sleep.

*******

      Priss finished another practice with her band.  Kinda odd to do
something this normal with all the crazy stuff in my life, she thought.
She went and changed back into her normal clothing and headed for her
bike.  Setsuna was waiting there for her.

      "Good afternoon."

      "Now what the hell do you want?"

      Setsuna smiled her usual infuriating smile.  "It is time for you to
be properly trained in your powers."

      "I know how to fight."

      "You know nothing.  You're a brawler who has been VERY lucky, but
luck won't keep you alive forever.  Without the toys you rely on, you
couldn't beat a decently trained fighter.  Your friend Linna has twenty
times your skill.  Maybe forty.  And there are things you will have to
confront that would crush her like a grape."

       "HEY!  I'm a damn good figher!"  Okay, Linna is better, but not
twenty times better than me!

      Setsuna laughed.  "Right.  Come and get me."

      Priss charged forward and never did quite figure out how Setsuna
grabbed her and flipped her into the nearby wall of the building.  She did
figure out how badly it hurt, though.  Getting up, she aimed a kick
at Setsuna and was pulled off her feet.  Three more attacks got her three
more beatings.  "Okay, you're not bad."

      "And you're not good."

      Priss got mad and charged her again, this time getting grabbed and
twisted around into an elbow lock.  "You also get angry, which clouds your
judgement.  I couldn't have done this if you had been paying attention."

       "Let go of me!"

       "There is a lot you must do, and not much time to do it in."

       "DAMMIT, LET GO OF ME!"

       "Make me."

       Priss tried her damnedest, but fifteen minutes of efforts to escape
proved no more fruitful than trying to plug a hole in a dam with a
toothpick.  Maybe less fruitful.  "All right.  You win.  I can't escape."

       "As I was saying.  There are three things you must do.  First, you
must find your sister."

       "Why don't you just tell me where she is since you think you know
everything?"

       Setsuna ignored her and kept going.  "Secondly, you must find the
Empyrean Crystal."

       "I already know that."

       "And third, you must stay away from Leon."

       Priss blinked.  Of all the things Setsuna might have said, that was
NOT something Priss expected.  "You can't tell me what to do."

       "Of course I can.  I know what MUST be."

       "No one can know the future!"

       "Destiny cannot be denied."

       "Screw destiny.  I go where I want and I talk to who I want."

       Setsuna let go of Priss.  "If you ignore my guidance..."

       "Then I won't have to put up with you popping up out of nowhere and
telling me what to do.  No one tells me what to do."

        "Not even Celia Stingray?"

       "I trust her.  I don't trust you."

       "Your fate be on your own head, then."

       "Just the way I like it."  Priss roared off on her motorcycle,
still fuming.  Can't see Leon, eh?  Well, screw you, witch.  I'll show you
no one pushes me around.

       Setsuna laughed once Priss was out of sight.  "You are such a
bull-headed one...and so easy to manipulate.  You'll run right to him,
just to spite me.  Just as I planned.  Now to let the 'good cop' play his
part to my 'bad cop.'"  She turned and walked away, smiling faintly.  "Or
is Tsunami the good cop...hmm.  Well, two can do the job as well as one."

 *****

      Leon and Daley examined the scene of the crime.  Someone had torn
three sailors limb from limb down at the docks the previous night.  "So
what makes you think this is a BOOMER crime?"  Daley asked the ship's
captain who had lost three of his crew.

       "What, you think a human managed to rip the limbs off another
human?  That woman wasn't natural.  I guess she might have just been a
cyborg, but don't you guys handle those cases too?"

      Leon wandered about, looking for something that might at least
pretend to be a clue.  Other than a few ashes near one of the chalk
outlines, there weren't any.

       "Yeah.  So you say she looked like a highly muscular pro wrestler
type?"

       The captain nodded.  "I'm not even sure what they got in the fight
about.  All I heard was something about Mars."

       "Like the planet?"

       "Yeah.  Something about Mars.  Having to kill Mars or something."

       "But you have no employees by that name?"

       "Not even close.  Not even something that could be misheard as
Mars.  Heck, I've never met anyone named Mars.  Maybe someone on one of
the European vessels, though.  The woman had a weird accent too."

       Daley turned to Leon.  "Found anything?"

       "Not even close.  I wish the Metropolitan Police had called us in
sooner."

       "Well, time for us to go check ships registries, then.  Looking for
a sailor named Mars.  Or anyone named Mars for that matter."

       Their search did not pay off...yet.

********

     Somewhat later, Leon had returned to ADPolice headquarters.  He
stopped by Nene's desk.  "How is the security check coming along, Nene?"

     Nene looked up, looking very nervous.  "I don't know.  I just had my
interview with the internal security woman.  She made me REALLY 
nervous."  I hope those faked records hold up or I'm in trouble.

     "Can you run a check on me for something, Nene-chan?"

     "Sure.  What?"

     "We've got a lunatic cyborg on the loose, looking for someone,
possibly a sailor, named Mars.  At least maybe looking for someone named
Mars.  Can you see if you can find anyone in the city by that name?"

     Nene nodded.  This would be fairly easy.  Just search the phonebook
and local police records.  It took only a few minutes.  "No one.  That's
'Mars' as in the English spelling, not the Japanese one, right?"

     "Try it the other way too."

     She did.  "Okay.  I found four people this way."  She printed out
names, addresses, and phone numbers.  A few more minutes and... "None of
them have police records besides a few parking tickets and the like.  Good
luck on your investigation."

     "Thanks.  At least I have my real, sane partner back."

     "Had enough of Mihoshi to last you a lifetime?"

     Suddenly, it struck Leon.  Wait...Mihoshi is Ryu's aunt.
Therefore...  He got big eyes.  

     "Is something wrong?"

     "I just had a revelation."  More thoughts ran through his mind.
Is Ryu working with them?  Is NENE working with them?  She hangs out 
with Priss a lot and I know Priss is one of the Knight Sabres...They had to
have someone on the inside to get Mihoshi and Andrea hired so easily.
Heck, to get Mihoshi hired at all.  Nene is a genius with computers.  Is
Nene working for them...what if Nene IS one of the Knight Sabres?  It
can't be a coincidence that she's dating Ryu and she knows Priss and...or
maybe I'm just paranoid.

      "About what?"

      "You've given me some ideas.  Thanks a lot for the help, Nene-chan."
I'll ask Priss.  She might tell me...or she might not.  But I have to
know.  I have to know what's going on.  Leon ran off.

      Nene blinked.  What's with him?

******

     Priss banged on Leon's door a twentieth time.  Dammit, where are you,
Leon, she wondered, then answered her own question.  He's probably at
work.

      She was about to leave when a voice startled her.  "Hello,
Priss-chan."  It was Usagi, staggering along with two grocery bags full of
food.

      Priss turned around.  "Got any idea where Leon is?"

      "Probably at work, I think.  I just got home from work myself."
Usagi fumbled with the keys to her apartment.  

      "I should have remembered that."  She turned to go.

      "Is everything okay?  You sound pretty mad about something,"  Usagi
observed, finally getting the door to her apartment open.

      "This damn woman keeps coming around, trying to tell me how to live
my life."

      "Your mom?"  Usagi put the groceries down inside the apartment and
stood in the doorway.

      Priss laughed.  "I wouldn't be surprised if she tried to claim she
was.  Just this intefering busybody who's a..."  Priss tried to rein in
the impulse to swear.  "Really annoying."

      "Want to talk about it?"

      "Sure."  Priss felt the need to blow off some steam to a
sympathetic ear.  Usagi was a good listener.
 
*************************

     Leon was getting ready to go home for the evening, when the boss called 
him.  "Yeah, what's up?"  Leon asked.

     "Ready for your bout with our Internal Security investigator?"

     "No."

     "Too bad.  She's in the office over there waiting for you."

     Crap.  This would be a lot easier if I hadn't just realized all that
stuff.  I gotta figure out what to do about it.  Damnit.  "Right."

      Lt. Yamanoto strode out of the office, looking cranky as Leon walked
up.  She glared at Leon for no apparent reason, then marched off.  Leon
sighed and walked into the office.

       The Internal Security Officer, Lt. Tara, was tall with long black
hair and light blue eyes.  She made Leon intensely nervous just by the
cool way she looked at him.  "I've heard many interesting stories about
you, Officer McNichol."

      Time to use my best charm, he thought.  "Only the good ones are
true."

      "I certainly hope so.  Am I correct in my understanding that you
were Officer Mihoshi's partner?"

      "Not of my own free will, but yes.  At least in the same sense that
two people chained together in a chain gang are partners."

      He still didn't get a laugh.  Tough audience.  "You lodged no
official complaints."

      "Because no one ever pays any attention when you do."

      She frowned slightly and made a check mark on her pad.  "So, tell me
about your experiences with this officer."

      This took a very long time and mainly succeeded in making Leon even
more nervous than before.

******

     Ryu tried to finish his homework.  Normally, this would be easy, but
Manami kept calling him on the phone and laughing maniacally at him.  He
was starting to get pretty nervous, especially since his mom was helping
her and probably grandma too if she had heard about this.  As long as they
don't douse Nene-chan with mutagens or something.

      The phone rang.  He picked it up and said, "Domino's Pizza."

      "BWAHAHA...oh, sorry."  The woman hung up.  It had been Manami.

      Ryu felt marginally better.

****

      Ryouko turned to Manami.  "I guess he still hasn't tried listening to
any music?"

      "He should have called me and bitten my head off by now.  Are you
sure you switched HIS CDs?"

       "He has the blue CD case, right?"

       "Right.  Are you sure you did the right room?"

       "He was sitting at his desk, studying.  Unless he was lost..."

       "I doubt he was lost.  What could have gone wrong?"

******

       Nene set up her stereo to copy some of Ryu's CDs, blissfully
unaware she was about to make ten copies of 'BOB and his Chainsaw'.  She
would never borrow Ryu's CDs again.

*******

     Macky ran through the exercise in his mind again, managing to clear
it of extraneous thoughts for once.  I am the willow in the wind...no,
that's not right.  He opened his eyes, "What am I supposed to be thinking
about?"

       Youshou sighed.  "You don't remember?"

       Aeka said, "You have no discipline."  She got up.  "I'll be back.
I'm taking a walk."

        Meylia sighed.  Aunt Aeka has no patience.  He's just a boy.  An
idea struck her.  "Try imagining a faucet."

       Macky closed his eyes and thought about a faucet.  That was easy.

       "Now imagine taking the faucet and turning the cold water on.  It's
an old and rusty faucet, so you might have to really put your shoulder
into it."

        Macky could see it in his mind's eye.  In fact, he'd had to fix a
rusty old faucet here the other day so he imagined THAT faucet.  In his
mind, he got out a set of tools and fixed the faucet, then turned it on,
just like he had in real life.  Water started running.  Unseen to him, he
started to glow.  

        Youshou stared.  "That was easy."

        "You have to understand how his mind works."

        "Now imagine yourself turning the faucet down to a trickle."

        Macky did so and the glow dimmed.  Then in his mind, the handle
came off and the faucet exploded out of control, just like he NOW
remembered the real one had.  "Uh oh."

     Aeka saw the explosion all the way from Funaho.

*****

     "So THEN I snuck a frog into her bed.  We could hear the screaming
all the way from our wing at the far end of the building from her."  Priss
finished another story about her days in the orphanage, feeling a lot
better than she had earlier.

       Usagi laughed.  "Remind me never to make you angry."

       "That's a pretty good resolution."  Priss laughed.  "Although from
that story about what you did to your brother...I don't think I've ever
gotten angry enough to shave someone bald when they were asleep."

        Usagi laughed.  "I bet no one ever tried to put Nair in your
shampoo, either...if I hadn't dropped it, I'd have ended up bald myself."

     There was a knock on the door.  Usagi answered it.  It was Leon.
"Hey, is Priss here?  I thought I heard her as I was coming up the
hallway."

      "THERE you are!"  Priss said.

      "You missed me?"

       "Yeah, wasted all my ammo hosing down your room, and you weren't
even home so you could die properly."

       Usagi laughed.  "You wouldn't really shoot Mr. McNichol, would
you?"

      "Not if I could use a knife instead."

       They all laughed.  "Got a minute, Priss?  I need to talk to you
about some stuff."

      "So you do want the roadie job?"

      "Do I get free beer?"

      "Only if you pay for it."

      "Fair enough."

      "Gotta run.  See ya later, Usagi-chan."

      "It's been nice talking to you, Priss-chan!  If you need a frog for
someone's bed, let me know and I'll talk to our school's biology teacher."

      Priss looked at Leon, then at Usagi.  "Okay, see if you can get a
live one."

      As Leon headed to his apartment, he asked Priss, "Should I even
ask?"

      "It'll be more fun if it's a surprise."

      Leon locked the door after they went in.  "You want something to
drink?"

      "A beer'll be fine."

      "Right."  He got two.  "You're probably going to get mad at me for
asking this, but..."

      "I'm not marrying you, Leon."

      Leon paused.  Is she just trying to yank my chain and confuse me?
"Uhh...Actually, this has to do with Nene."

     "She's taken, Leon."

      "I'm not proposing marriage to ANYONE!"

      "Did a woman with long green-black hair tell you to stay away from
me?"

      Leon felt his carefully planned series of questions and speeches
disintegrating around him.  "Unless she dyed her hair and is working for
internal security at ADPolice, no."

      "So someone DID tell you to..."

      "No one told me to stay away from anyone!  What are you talking
about?"

      "That damn busybody came around, picked a fight with me, and told me
to stay away from you.  And a bunch of other stuff.  She's trying to use
me and I HATE it when people use me."  Priss downed the entire beer in one
swig, then burped.

      "The woman who showed up in your trailer that you told me about?"

       "Yeah.  So she didn't come bug you about anything?"

      Leon shook his head.  "I haven't seen anyone by that name...She
wouldn't happen to be named Mars would she by any chance?"

      "Pluto.  Sailor Pluto."

      Leon thought for a second.  "Wait...as in the..."

      "Yeah, the Sailor Warriors.  Didn't I tell you this before?"

      He struck his forehead.  "So THAT's what that thing was looking
for...Sailor Mars.  Was there a Sailor Mars?  IS there a Sailor Mars?"

      "As far as I know, me and Pluto are it.  All the others are like
asleep or something."  I need to ask Sasami some more questions, Priss
realized.  

      "There's some kind of cyborg looking for Sailor Mars."

      "Or it could be another one of those damn droid things."

      "Droid things?"

      "Remember those weird 'boomer rampages' a few days ago?  Some kind
of magical critters named 'droids' were on the loose."

      "Magic?"

      "Do I need to do my song and dance for you again?"  Priss laughed and 
chugged down the last bit of her bottle of beer.

      "No, I remember.  How many of those things are there?"

      Priss got another beer.  "I have no clue."

      Leon steeled himself to try again.  "Priss, I don't mean to pry, and
I know we never talk about this.  It's normally none of my business, but
because of this recent affair with Mihoshi and Andrea and all...and
internal security is asking around..."

       "Spit it out, Leon."

     Leon stared at the ground as he talked.  "Is Nene one of the Knight
Sabres and what the HELL is going on?  I know something big is going on
and the Knight Sabres are mixed up in it, but I can't figure it out.  I
know too much, but I don't dare tell Internal Security about it because I
don't want to start a line of inquiry that leads right to you and to my
friends."  He sighed.  "I got grilled by Internal Security today about
this and I think she figured out I was hiding something.  If you can't
tell me anything, I'll understand, but..."

      "I can't tell you anything about the Sabres, Leon.  But I can tell
you that Genom's being run by nasties from outer space."  She paused,
waiting for Leon to freak out.

      Her expectations failed to come true, as he simply nodded and said, "Go 
on."  

      "Your ex-parter and her partner are both from outer space and so are
a bunch of other people.  We're planning to bust the aliens once we can
find them.  There's one hell of a dustup coming."

       If Leon hadn't heard Kiyone talking to those Genom agents and seen
Priss' new...abilities, he would have thought she was whacked.  However,
it explained a few things, like the rumor he had heard about someone
disabling all of those laser satellites.

       Leon stopped pacing and sat down on the couch by Priss, turning on
the TV.  "So your friends took out the laser satellites?"

       "Yep.  I wish they'd shown up a few years ago."

       Leon idly flicked through channels.  "You think you'll ever be able
to answer the other half of my question?"

       "Let's get pineapple, sausage, and lettuce on the pizza this time."

       "Right.  No apricots?"

       "We BOTH threw up the last time we tried that.  I just want to see
you throw up."

       They soon got into an argument about pizza toppings, and Leon didn't
realize Priss had switched the topics on him until much later when they
were both lying around sick from eating too much pizza after trying to
prove the other person had a weaker stomach.  Most people outgrow this
sort of behavior in college.  Sadly, neither of them had gone to college.

*******

     Priss woke up with a severe stomachache.  She stifled the urge to
moan, because she didn't want Leon to know she felt sick.  No weakness.
She looked around Leon's apartment.  No Leon.  She went ahead and moaned
for a few seconds and got it out of her system.  Bastard, leaving me on
the floor after he's already gotten up.  He could have at least put me on
the couch.  She staggered to her feet, then saw his feet sticking out from
behind the couch.  

       She laughed.  What the heck did he crawl back there for?  She went
over and kicked his foot.  "Wake up."

       The sun was just still down, she realized, looking out the window,
yet she didn't feel tired.  Leon wasn't getting up either.

       "Come on, lazy butt!"

       Silence.  He's bluffing, she thought.  She leaned over to drag him
out and shake him awake, and saw that there was a huge hole in his chest.
Leon was rather thoroughly dead.  Some kind passing soul had scrawled 'A
gift for you' on the wall next to him with his blood.

       For a moment, Priss simply stared, totally unable to believe this.
She was shaken out of her shock when strong hands grabbed her from behind
and began to crush her throat.  "Hello, old friend."  It was a man's
voice.  She tried lashing out backwards instinctively, but it was like
kicking stone.  She couldn't speak either to transform.  The voice was far
to familiar to her.  It was the voice of Largo.

       This has to be some kind of nightmare, she thought.  He's dead!
He's fucking dead!

       "You miss me?"

       She would have cursed if she could speak.  All she could do was
flail pathetically and wish she had her hardsuit.  If wishes were horses,
though, beggars would ride.  The realization also came to mind that
keeping a boomer dead wasn't easy...if Wasyuu could bring Sylvie back to
life after what happened to her...the aliens must have found some way to
put Largo back together.  Or make a new one.  Priss swore mentally,
feeling herself about to pass out.

       "I should just blow your chest open like I did to him, but this is
so much more personal and satisfying,"  Largo said.  

       For a minute, the only sound was that of bones on the verge of
breaking.  The silence ended with a whisper, "dead scream."

       Fortuitously enough (or not), Largo was perfectly positioned to
shield Priss from the blast that turned him into a small vapor pile and
still flung her into the couch.  

       Pluto said, "I told you to stay away from him.  It's not safe to be
around the likes of us."  

       A wave of rage washed through Priss more pure in its intensity than
she had felt since the day Sylvie had died.  She transformed without even
thinking about it.  "This is YOUR FAULT!"

       "I told you to stay away from him.  You ignored me.  He died.  How
is this MY fault?"

      "I...you...."  Priss' gut told her to just mangle Pluto, but
her common sense was just barely managing to rein her in.  Pluto had just
saved her life, after all.  "If you knew this would happen, why didn't you
STOP me?"

      "Only you can control yourself.  If someone else controls you for
you, then you will always be the puppet of others.  You have to learn to
take responsibility for your actions and for their consequences on
others."

       This was not the best time for a lecture on responsibility.  Priss
twitched, unable to find a good excuse to rip Pluto apart like she
wanted to, but totally lacking a good way to vent her anger.  Attacking 
the person who killed Leon was no option--'Largo', if that had really
been him, was dead.  She could feel her anger roaring inside her, and it
was getting harder and harder to ride the whirlwind without being carried
by it.  She knew Pluto was right, but knowing that didn't make her bit
less angry that Leon was dead.  At least I didn't have to kill him myself,
a tiny bit of her whispered.  This wasn't very comforting.

*******

      Linna said, "Can't we DO something?  We've got to tell her it's all
just a nightmare!"

      She and Sasami were floating in dream-space, staring into a three
foot globe that contained the nightmare Priss was having about Leon being
dead.

       Sasami whispered something about Pluto always being an idiot, then
said, "Much as you need to learn about defending yourself against
nightmares, this is not the time or the place.  She's trying to teach
herself a lesson."

       "What's this person doing in Priss' dream, anyway?  Does
she dreamwalk too?"

       "Priss is only dreaming of her.  If that was the real Pluto, I
don't think we'd be able to see into this dream."

        Linna said, "I can't just let Priss suffer like this.  She has to
know."

        Sasami could have stopped Linna from entering the dream, but she
didn't.  Instead, she followed Linna in.  

******

       "How did you know to come here, anyway?"  An awful suspicion
insinuated itself into Priss' mind, since it was congruent with her
desire, which was to mangle Setsuna.  "You watched him die and you didn't
do anything about it because you wanted to try and teach me a lesson!"

       "I have never let an unnecessary death occur that I could have
prevented."

       Priss' mind struggled to stay coherent enough for her to try to
translate that.  Something tapped her on the shoulder.  Her instincts took
over and she swung around with her sword, preparing to cut it in half,
whatever it was.  Her sword stopped about a milimeter away from Linna's
face.  

        Linna stared at Priss in abject fear, unable to speak, unable to
breathe.  Priss' face was a mask of pure rage, now transforming itself
into pure horror.  Priss stepped back.  

        A string of obscenities rang from her lips, totally incoherent.
Finally, she managed to gasp out, "Oh God fucking shit, I'm sorry Linna,
what the fuck are you doing here, I nearly cut your freaking head off."
Her voice wavered between rage and terror.  

        "Snap out of it, Priss!  It's just a dream!  Leon isn't really
dead!"

      Priss stared at Linna for a few seconds as if she had said, 'Throat
Warbler Mangrove', then turned to Pluto.  "WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON
HERE?"

       "I didn't do this."

       "It's just a dream, Priss.  You and I are the only real people
here."

       Priss' rage began to ebb, replaced by confusion.  "Why the fuck
would I do this to myself?"

       "It's a nightmare, Priss.  Why would anyone be stupid enough to
rebuild Largo?  Why didn't he kill you when he killed Leon?"

       "To...to...You're right, Linna."  Priss felt more relief than she
would have ever believed possible.  "Wait...if this is a dream, what are
YOU doing here?"

        Sasami spoke from nearby, startling Priss.  "Because she is a
dreamwalker, and she wouldn't listen to me when I told her to stay out of
your dream."

       Priss blinked.  "Since when did you cruise around people's dreams,
Linna?"

       "Since when did you carry an energy sword and shout out
transformation phrases?"

       "So you're one of us too?"  Priss looked at Sasami for
confirmation.

       Sasami smiled faintly.  "Was it ever very likely that three of four
Knight Sabres would turn out to be extraordinary and the fourth completely
mundane?"

       Priss and Linna stared at each other for a moment, then Linna
laughed.  "I suppose this does sort of count as special."

       "What's so extraordinary about Nene?"

       "One day worlds will shake at her command."

       Priss began to laugh.  "Yeah, right."

       "One day she will be one of the rulers of Jurai.  More importantly,
she has a keen mind and will have a VERY long time to put it to work.
Most importantly, she has a pure and loving heart, and that in itself can
contain more power than anything can withstand."  Sasami smiled, a 
childlike smile that transformed her as for a moment, the child who had 
become a woman shone through her older self.

       Priss laughed bitterly.  "Feh.  Nene's out of touch with reality."

       "No, reality is out of touch with her.  That's ITS problem, not
hers."

        "What the fuck is that supposed to mean?"

        Linna was wondering as well.

        "Only by seeing the world as it should be, can we make it that way
in fact as well as in hope.  The rest of us need dreamers to show us the
way.  'One must become as a child to enter the Kingdom of Heaven.'  It is
such as them who open the way for those weighed down by the world."

        Linna decided to venture into philosophy, since things were going
that way.  "What, you're saying Nene is a Boddhisatva?"

     "A what?" 

      "A Bodywhat?"  Priss asked.

      "Someone who reaches enlightenment and returns to lead others to it,
instead of moving on to Nirvana.  I think.  Just what the point of
Nirvana is in the first place, I don't know.  Who wants to cease to
exist?"

       "It is the only way to escape the cares of the world."

       "Oh."

       "But I see it as running away."  Sasami sighed.  "Anyway.  We could
argue philosophy all night, but that's not why we came."

       Priss thought for a moment.  "Am I still dreaming?"

       "Yes."

       "Just getting that straight."

       "Priss, would you like to see what the Moon Kingdom was like?  I'd
like to show you your heritage."

        Priss blinked.  "Time Travel?"

        "No.  Linna is going to take you inside my dream."

        Linna blinked.  "I am?"  Did I forget this?  I don't REMEMBER her
telling me how to do this...

        "Will I see my...my..."  Priss couldn't quite bring herself to say
mother.

       "Yes.  Just remember.  Everything you will see is a dream.  It may
seem real, but it is only a dream, though it will be as close to the real
thing as I can make it."

        "I want to see it,"  Priss said.  

        Linna heard Sasami's voice in her mind.  'After I disappear,
take Priss by the hand and lead her out the door into dream-space, then
take her to my dream and enter it.'

        Linna thought, praying Sasami would hear her, 'That's all I have
to do?'

        'Then you have to make sure she doesn't get herself killed.  If
you die in someone else's dream...you'll be lucky to wake up as a
lobotomized zombie.'

         Linna paled.  'Priss almost...'

        'I told you nightmares were dangerous.'  "Ready?"

        "I was born ready,"  Priss said.

        Sasami vanished in a poof of light.  

        Linna took Priss' hand.  "Let's go."

        Priss looked at Linna.  "Thanks, Linna."

        "You'd do this for me, wouldn't you?"

        "That's not what I'm talking about."

        Linna decided not to pry.  "You're welcome."

        She led Priss through the door and into the world of dreams.

**********************





















June 1, 1996

      Hikaru walked through the dark campus on the way back home from the
library.  It was just before midnight on a Wednesday and the campus was
deserted.  I hope I don't wake up Usagi coming in, she thought.  Usagi was
generally clonked out by 10 PM weekdays.  She's probably the only college
student on Earth who gets adequate sleep, Hikaru thought.  

      She heard voices as she came around the corner of the Engineering
building, which sits on the north side of the Quad in the center of the
Tokyo University campus.  To her surprise, she saw Makoto and Usagi
standing in the center of the quad, back to back by the statue of the
Meiji Emperor that sits in the middle of the quad waiting for drunken
students to put underwear or worse on his head.  They were surrounded by
six people that Hikaru thought were fraternity boys at first, until she
realized that the average frat boy is not blue, scaley, or clawed. 
Sometimes, 
anyway.

      For a few seconds, she just stared, unable to believe her eyes.  She
could hear them talking, but she was too far away to hear what was said
clearly, at least until Usagi and Makoto both started shouting.

      "MOON PRISM POWER!"

      "JUPITER STAR POWER!"

       Hikaru couldn't believe it at first.  My roommate is SAILOR MOON?
The fight was soon in progress.  Lightning sent two of the demons flying,
while Sailor Moon clonked a third one on the head with her staff.  

       Hikaru watched for a few minutes and soon realized the two heroines
were outmatched.  I have to do something...Hikaru had not been in a real
fight for a very long time, and she had almost never used her powers in
combat before.  She thought for a moment, then realized what she could do.

      Sailor Moon lept and kicked another demon.  "There's too many of
these things, Jupiter!"  she shouted.

      "The others'll be here soon."  Jupiter grunted as she slammed one of
the demon's heads into the statue of the Meiji emperor.  "We just have to
hold out a little bit longer."

       At that point, Moon got hit by a demon from behind and fell down.
All three of the ones she was fighting got ready to grab her as she tried
to get back up.

       A straw hurled by hurricane force winds can pierce a telephone
pole.  Now imagine what a pencil could do at that speed.  As one of the
demons reached to grab Sailor Moon's face, it took a pencil through the
heart.  Ichor gushed everywhere and it collapsed.  

       A booming voice broke through the silence of the night.  "I'm
afraid you get an F for conduct, Mr. Demon."  Everyone instinctively
turned and looked to see who was speaking.

       A woman stood atop the balcony of the Administration building,
dressed in what looked like a cross between a Sailor Soldier fuku and a
business suit.  She had a fistful of pencils and pens in her hands, and
she was wearing a small red mask rather like Sailor V's.  Her hair was
long and black, her eyes green, and her figure lush.  "Attacking students
is a no-no.  I will punish you in the name of this University!"  She
hurled a barrage of pens and pencils moving at 150 MPH.  The demons
swiftly fell, writing in pain and spewing ichor as if they were showing up
in Fist of the Northstar.

      "Wow!  A new Sailor!"  Sailor Moon said.  "You're really powerful!"

      The demons started to get up.

      "Too bad my thesis committee isn't this easy to deal with...Finish
them off, Sailor Moon!"  Hikaru tried not to laugh.  I sound so hokey...I
hope my illusion power is working.

       "Right!"  Sailor Moon held up her staff.  "SHINING MOON POWER!"  A
wave of white light swept across the weakened demons, and they evaporated
in instants, crumbling to dust and blowing away in a sudden gust of wind.

       I hope Madoka doesn't mind me using her form as a disguise, Hikaru
thought.  Too bad I didn't have any guitar picks...  "Good job, Sailor
Moon!  Now I must go grade some papers.  Farewell!"  She teleported back
to her dorm.

       "Wait!  You haven't even told us your name!"  Sailor Moon shouted.

       Jupiter laughed.  "They never tell us anything at first.  She'll be
back."

       "I guess you're right.  She must spend a lot of money on pencils,
though."  Sailor Moon looked at all the pencils that now littered the
field.

      Jupiter laughed some more.  "Not any more than Mamoru spends on
flowers, I bet."

      Far away, Hikaru sat down to try and do some reading then realized
she had flung everything she had to write with at the demons and couldn't
do any notes. It was a d'oh! moment.

*****

 Chapter 13:  In Memory yet Green

*****

      Linna held onto Priss as they drifted through dream-space to
Sasami's dream.  For once, it was easy to find the right dream, for it
shone like a beacon to her.  Maybe I'm getting better at this, she
thought.  Moving Priss wasn't easy though.  It was like there was an
elastic cord attached to Priss, and the farther she moved Priss, the more
taut it became, trying to pull Priss back to her own dream.  

      Finally, they reached Sasami's dream and plunged into it.  For a
moment, the world turned into a phantasmagoric blur of whirling shapes,
pirouetting around a huge spinning nexus, and then their vision cleared.

      They stood in a devastated village by the seashore.  Some of the
buildings were on fire, and there were corpses strewn through the streets.
Priss said, "You sure we're in the right dream, Linna?"

       "Well, I thought this was the right dream."

       A child's cry cut through the night.  "Nooooooooooo!!!!"

       "Fuck."  Priss spat out and took off running through the burning
village towards the voice.  

        Linna ran after her, then realized, hey, I bet I can summon my
hardsuit, since this is a dream.  It formed around her as she ran.  

        A young girl, her blond hair tied into two fluffy bundles that
rather resembled rabbit ears, was trapped up against the side of a hut by
three hunched over humanoid figures.  They had green scaly skin and
heavily sloped foreheads more remiscent of a frog or a fish than a human,
but a largely human form with upright posture, two arms, two legs, hands,
and feet.  They did not have any eyebrows or eyelids, staring straight
forward unblinkingly.  They were armed only with simple spears, but were
menacing, none the less. 

        Priss was still transformed from earlier, and she drew her sword.
"Get away from that girl, you...whatever the fuck you are!"

      The creatures turned and gave her the sort of look normally only
found on the faces of rich people confronted by Pauly Shore or some other
human fungus.  

      Linna raised her right arm and got ready to fire at the things.
Unfortunately, Priss was in the way, so she simply did a suit-assisted
leap and came down feet first on the head of one of the creatures.  The
creature slammed into the ground, surprised, not that anyone could tell.
The second one tried to impale Priss, who simply chopped its spear into
thirds, then cut it in half.  The third one tried to run and Linna blew it
to kingdom come with her laser.  

     The little girl simply stared in awe, then ran over and hugged Priss'
legs.  "You saved me!  Thank you!"

     Priss kneeled down and hugged the little girl.  "What happened?"

     "I stopped in this village on my way to find the Tree of Life and the
Deep Ones came out of the sea and killed everyone!"  The girl began to
cry.  "I tried to heal them, but they were all hurt too bad.  Then the
Deep Ones found me and I thought I was gonna die, but you saved me!"

      "You were trying to find the Tree of Life all by yourself?"  What
kind of crazy mom lets her kid wander around looking for...uh..whatever
that is, Linna wondered.

      "An angel told me I had to save the world from all the monsters.  I
have to find the Tree of Life before they do so they'll have to go back
home to the stars they came from.  But I'm all alone and I don't know how
I'm gonna stay alive long enough to get to it."

     "Don't worry, little one, you're safe with me.  My name is Priss.
What's yours?"  Priss' voice was soft and comforting, a tone that Linna
had never heard her use before.  She could hardly believe it.  

      Linna turned and looked around the village and the nearby sea.  She
could see splashing in the water.  More Deep Ones, she guessed.  

      "My name is Serenity.  I'm from the village of Branchai.  My mommy
is named Hope and my daddy was named Fortitude.  Do you know where the
Tree of Life is?  I've been looking for it for ever so long."

      Priss felt her eyes starting to tear up.  Poor little child...how
could anyone lay such a heavy burden on someone so young?  "What are you
going to do when you find it?"

      "I want to heal the world.  I can hear it crying in pain."  The
little girl started to cry.  "All the monsters and death and
everything...it's so...so wrong.  It shouldn't be like this.  It shouldn't
have to be like this.  Why is there so many bad things in the world,
oneechan?"  She hugged Priss tightly, crying against her chest.

      Priss felt her own tears come now.  Linna tried not to watch them
cry.  "I don't know, little one.  It's just the way of the world."

      "It's wrong!  It shouldn't be this way!  There has to be some way to
fix it!  There has to be some way to make it better!"  Serenity began to
glow.  Priss looked at her and saw a glowing crescent moon on Serenity's
forehead.  White light erupted forth from her and the world dissolved away
in its brightness.

*******

       The white light faded.  Priss and Linna stood in a huge open plains
near the banks of a river.  Or to be precise, Priss was kneeling, trying
to hug a girl who was no longer there, while Linna stood nearby.  About a
hundred yards away stood a huge stone monolith, about a hundred feet tall,
covered with dried blood and strange runes that seemed to waver and move
as they looked at them.  Far off across the plains were more monoliths,
one every few miles, forming a huge V shape that stretched off to the
western horizon.  Inside the wedge, the land was a blasted heath, full of
twisted grey plants and strange phosphorescent lichens.  The few trees
looked like they were trying to claw their way out of the ground.  Outside
the wedge, things didn't look too healthy, but they weren't twisted and
vile.  The sun was high over head, a little to the east, shining down on
the huge river that ran north and south to the east of the two heroines.
Five figures stood next to the monolith--two men and three women.  They
all looked to be around sixteen years old.  One of the women had short red
wavy hair, one had long black hair, and the third was blonde, with her
hair up in two short buns on either side of her head, each of which had a
long attached pony-tail.  The black haired woman wore a suit of gleaming 
armor and carried a huge spear, while the other two women were unarmed, 
unless you counted the quill held by the redhead or the wand held by the 
blonde.  One of the men was short and stout, carrying a huge hammer. His 
hair was short and brown.  The other was tall, wearing black armor, a sword 
strapped to his belt, his hair short and black.  

      "Are you ready, Vulcan?"  the black haired woman asked the short
man.

      He lifted his hammer.  "There will be no turning back once we
start."

      The blonde haired woman smiled.  "This is why we were born.  It is
what we must do to heal the world."

      "What the hell is going on here?"  Linna muttered.

      Priss stared.  "That's her...the little girl."

      "Who, the blonde?  But she was..."  Oh yeah.  This is all a
dream...It's so vivid, I keep forgetting.  Linna felt embarrassed.  

      Priss winced.  "Something awful lives inside that wedge of
land...something wrong.  I can feel it, like a knife in my gut."

      Vulcan moved next to the monolith and closed his eyes.  The black
haired woman gestured and spread her arms out wide.  A wave of energy
rushed out and formed a dome over the group.  The red haired woman joined
hands with the blonde and with the man in the armor.  The trio began to
glow.  Their light filled the dome, which included the huge blood-stained
monolith.  

      Time passed strangely.  While it felt like minutes, Linna and Priss
could see the sun moving across the sky.  Vulcan struck the monolith with
blow after blow.  It began to shake as he struck it methodically, building
up vibrations.  Finally, as the sun almost reached the horizon, the
monolith shattered into a thousand shards of stone.  A stiff wind began to
blow from the east, rushing west into the land that had lain inside the
wedge of monoliths.  The dome grew, rushing forth into the wounded land.
>From within the dome, three voices spoke as one.  "HEAL."  

      And it was so.  The energy washed across the land and in its wake,
trees ceased to claw at the sky, grass grew green and lush, flowers sprung
up from the land, and the fungus was cleared away as if it had never been.
The monoliths began to explode as the power washed across them.  Priss and
Linna looked on in awe.  The sun set, but the wave of power continued
across the land.  The stars came out, but they weren't...they didn't quite
seem right.  The constellations were subtly wrong.  One star hung low on
the horizon, almost seeming to glare balefully down upon the land.  It
hung on the western horizon, and from it descended a swarm of flying
creatures.  Ice from the cold of space clung to their bodies, melting off
into steam as they rapidly plunged down from the heavens.  They looked
vaguely humanoid, though with batlike wings.  Their heads were twisted and
insectoid, except for the huge protruding snouts.  They had a black
chitinous exoskeleton and sharp claws upon their 'hands'.  There were
hundreds of them.  

      Linna stared.  "Holy shit."

      Priss said, "God damn.  They're screwed."  She charged forward.  It
was a suicidal fight.  Priss LIKED suicidal fights.  Deep down, what she
wanted most was to die in a good cause.  Sometimes, it was just to die.  

      Linna swore.  "If you die in a dream, you'll turn into a vegetable!
Come back!"

      "Make me!"  Crazy people, Priss thought.  I LIKE crazy people.  She
sprinted along the ground, faster than she would have believed possible.

      Linna ran after her.  "You're going to get us both killed!"

      "It's a good day to die!"  She lept into the air, slicing through
the horde of creatures as they descended upon the dome.  They died more
easily than she thought they would, falling apart and crashing into the
dome.  Their remains evaporated as they struck it, while Priss, to her
surprise, fell right through it.  

      Linna followed Priss, blasting monsters right and left.  They died
far more easily than the average boomer, not that Linna minded.  She too
dove down through the shield...

*********

      The world had changed again.  They stood on the balcony of a great
crystal palace.  The five men and women stood nearby them.  They were
older now, somewhere in their mid-twenties.  There were crowds celebrating
in the streets of the city and fireworks exploding in the air.  The man in
black armor was in the middle of a speech.  "General Pearl reports that
the last of the byakhee have fled beyond the orbit of Pluto.  As we speak,
the Great Shield is being extended to protect the entire solar system!
The Inhuman Wars are at an end!  The Silver Millenium has begun!  LET US
CELEBRATE!"

      The crowd had already gone wild, so this royal command was hardly
necessary.  Priss smiled.  "They won."

      Linna nodded.  "Looks like it.  I wonder how long this dream is
going to be."

      Priss looked around.  "I'm hoping we get to stick around for the
party."

      Linna looked up at the night sky and saw the Moon. It was blue and
green and looked remarkably like the Earth, but with the continents wrong.
Or was that the Earth in the sky?

      Flicker.

******

     Linna and Priss stood next to a long, neatly trimmed hedge, which was
itself at the edge of a large, apparently freshly plowed field.  The air
was clean and crisp, if a bit cool.  There was a row of trees on the other
side of them, paralleling the hedge, and beyond that, another field.  It
was clearly farmland, unless the local idea of landscaping was stripping
large squares of land clear of plants and plowing it for dramatic effect.  

      On the far side of this particular patch of ground, there was a knot
of trees growing close together, and next to it was a fairly substantial
two story dwelling.  Children were playing in the yard.

      Priss turned to Linna.  "You sure we're still tuned into the right
channel?"

      Linna laughed.  "We'd be back in dream-space if we somehow got out
of Sasami's dream."  I think.  I hope we're not in some farmer's dream.
      A man walked out of the farmhouse.  He was dressed in a red tunic
and green trousers, gathered shut with a black belt.  His black boots
stood out against the green grass around his home and the brown dirt as he
entered the field.  He was carrying a sack of seeds and singing a song in
some language neither Linna nor Priss knew, though it seemed hauntingly
familiar.  

     He began to walk through the field, singing and scattering seeds
behind himself as he walked.  To Priss and Linna's surprise, the seeds
sank into the soil where they fell, and the ground almost bubbled in the
man's wake.  By the time he finished sowing seeds across the field, tiny
plants were poking up from the ground where he had begun.

     Linna said, "Magic..."

     "Pretty useful magic, too."

     The man looked over and finally noticed them.  "Why hello, there.
You two new here?"

     "Uh, yeah, you could say that,"  Linna said.  

     The man wiped sweat from his brow, which surprised Linna and Priss,
since what he had been doing didn't look very strenuous.  "Would you like
to stop a while and get something to drink?  I need a rest after all that
work."

      "Sure.  I could use a drink,"  Priss said.

      The man started out across the field, which was now green with young
plants.  Priss and Linna followed, trying hard to not stomp on any of the
new growth.  

     "So where are you ladies from?"

     "Tokyo."

     "Never heard of it.  What planet is it on?"

     This was the first time either of them had ever been asked what
planet they were from.  "Earth,"  Linna said finally.

     "Ahh.  Never been to Earth.  Grew up on Mars, moved out here when I
was younger.  Lived here around thirty years now."  The man only looked
thirty.

      Priss whispered to Linna, "Where the hell are we?"

      Linna shrugged at Priss.  I have NO clue, she thought.  Maybe we're
on the Moon.  

      Their question was answered when they reached the house and got a
clear view to the horizon and saw that the reddish blur off in the
distance they had been able to see before was actually the planet Jupiter,
looming hugely on the horizon, though it barely peeked over it.

     Flicker.

******

     Linna stood in an elaborate bedroom.  A woman lay in a bed nearby,
and next to her stood a woman in green and black robes with a hood pulled
over her head.  An ornate staff was propped against the end of the bed.
The woman lying in the bed was holding a newborn infant close to her
chest.  

      The hooded woman took the baby in her arms.  To most people, it
would have seemed a baby like many others.  The little girl had no hair
yet, her eyes were squeezed shut, and she bore almost as much resemblance
to a prune as a human being, just like every other newly born baby.  

      Linna looked around.  Hey...I lost Priss!  Did she snap back to her
own dreams?

      The mother sighed.  She was tall, thin, and platinum blonde, her
hair currently not dressed in any of the elaborate hairstyles she normally
adorned herself with.  She wore a simple white shift, also unlike the
palatial dresses she normally bore.  "Must you do this?"

     Linna looked at the woman.  She looks like Serenity, she thought.
Who the hell is this person taking her daughter away?

      The woman picked up her staff, a long rod topped with an orb.
"If I do not, in 25,000 years, humanity will become extinct in the solar
system.  This one alone cannot prevent what is soon to come here,
but where she is going, she will make all the difference in the world.
She is a warrior born, and she goes to a place that needs warriors
desperately."  The woman sighed.  "I am sorry, my queen.  Cherish your
first daughter.  I swear I shall never take her away from you."  

      25,000 years?  What year is this?  Where are we?  Linna couldn't
decide whether to watch this or go looking for Priss.  I wonder why they
haven't noticed me...

      The Queen sighed.  "I know you know things I shall never know.
She..She'll have a good home, won't she?"

      "She will live a long life and know much joy."  And much sorrow, but
this is not the time to mention that, the hooded woman thought.  She
pulled her cloak around herself.  She didn't need it, but the baby would.
"There is one who waits for her there, though he knows it not.  She will
know love...once she escapes her own stubborness about it."

      I should do something, Linna thought.  But what?  

      The Queen got up and kissed her baby on the forehead.  "Take my
blessing with you, my child."  The mark upon the Queen's forehead glowed
brightly.  "Your power will awaken when you most need it."  She laid back
down in the bed.  "Go now, before I can change my mind."

      Linna recognized the mark.  It is Serenity...or a relative at least.
She looks different though.

      The woman obeyed her Queen's command.  She raised her staff, and the
world folded around her and vanished.  The Queen sighed and sank back into
the bed.  Linna stepped forward.  Remember, it's just a dream.  She
probably won't freak at me suddenly appearing in her bedroom...if she even
sees me.  "Who was that?"

     "Pluto, the guardian of time.  Can you bring me my daughter from the
antechamber, Temperance?"

     Who's she talking to?  Linna suddenly realized she was wearing a
maid's outfit.  She laughed faintly.  "Yes, my queen."  She went out to
the antechamber and got a sleeping two year old from the small bed there.
She brought the little blonde haired girl to her mother.  

     Flicker.

******

     Priss had reappeared.  They were standing on a balcony again.  A
party was in full swing all around the palace they were in, which sat in
the midst of a vast expanse of gardens.  The Earth hung high in the starry
sky above them.  Priss was visibly shaking as Linna looked at her.  Both
of them were now clad in white finery that looked VERY expensive, as did
the golden necklace that Priss was wearing, especially the gem studded
'moon' that hung from the necklace.  Linna soon realized she was also
wearing a necklace.  Hers was silver with a tiny jade version of her armor 
hanging from it.  

     Linna said, "Where have you been?  You vanished on me...Pluto was
taking the Queen's child..."

     "I was the child,"  Priss spat out.

     "WHAT?"

     "I couldn't do anything!  I could think, but that was it!  I wanted
to speak, to run...but I was stuck in the baby's body.  I couldn't even
figure out how to cry properly."  Priss shook.  "She took me away from my
mother.  Next time I see her, I'm going to kick her ass from here to
eternity."

      "The Queen let her do it...they thought it was necessary."  Linna
wasn't quite sure why she was defending Pluto.  

     Priss fumed.  "She could have waited until I was at least old enough
to KNOW MY OWN MOTHER!"  

     "At least this way you didn't know what you were missing...I think
taking you away as a five year old or so would have been even harder on
you."

      Priss was getting irritated with Linna for not taking her side.
Before she could say anything, two well dressed young noblemen swept out
onto the balcony.  "Lady Courage.  Lady Prudence.  Come and join the rest
of us.  You should be dancing!"

      Before Linna or Priss could say anything, they were swept up by the
two young noblemen, who swept them out onto the dance floor.  The mood was
infectious, and despite not really knowing what she was doing, Priss soon
found herself enjoying the dance.  There were hundreds of people dancing
to the music.  
     
     As Priss moved across the floor, she recognized someone nearby.  Hey,
that looks just like Usagi!  Whoever it was, she was wearing a beautiful
dress and dancing with someone who looked suspiciously like Usagi's
husband.  It took Priss a few seconds to remember his name, Mamoru.

     Suddenly it struck Priss.  Serenity...my mother.  Usagi.  They all
have the same hairstyle...They look like each other.  As Priss watched,
she saw her mother, the Queen, approach 'Usagi'.

     "Serenity, my daughter, you have been dancing with Prince Endymion
all night.  There are others who wish to dance with you as well."

     The younger Serenity spoke with Usagi's voice.  "Have we really been
dancing all night?"

      A girl with long black hair who was dancing nearby laughed.  "Only
for the last four hours."

      It IS Usagi, Priss thought.  But if she is the Queen's daughter...
and I'm the Queen's daughter, then...My sister is living across
the hall from Leon.  Right under my nose, practically.  She looked around
the hall.  If I see Leon here, I'm going to scream.  

     Instead she saw her fourth grade teacher, a cute redhead who was
dancing with some clumsy tall nobleman she clearly didn't like.  Priss
boggled.  Well, this is gonna make finding my sister a lot easier.  I
wonder if she even knows I exist...I guess not...I have to find her
memories...or something.  Priss tried to remember.

     Flicker.

********

     The sky was pitch black as if all the stars had been devoured or were
hiding for fear of their lives when Priss and Linna found themselves back
on the same balcony as when they had attended the party.  This time, it
was shouts of fear and the sound of running that surrounded them.  They
were still clad in the party gear they had worn before, but it was out of
place now.  They could both sense that a great battle was about to begin.

     Linna looked up.  "I guess we must be having really heavy cloud
cover.  I can't see any stars or the sun."

     "I don't see any clouds."  Priss felt horribly oppressed.  This
darkness was horribly wrong.  It was like that blasted heath inside the
monoliths.  

     It was at that moment that a huge red eye winked open in the sky and
glared down at the palace of the Moon Kingdom.  Linna could feel it
looking at her, and only the fact that Priss was watching kept her from
screaming, running inside the palace and hiding under something.  

     Priss stared at the eye.  "Shit.  It's fucking ALIVE!"

     The darkness ripped apart into seven beings of shadow who rained down
upon the palace grounds as a horde of warriors poured into the palace
gardens out of the darkness.  The palace guard poured out to meet them,
but it was clear they were horribly outnumbered.  

     "Who are these people?"  Linna asked. 

     The stars could be seen again, now, but their light seemed pale and
muted.  Priss stared at the invading army.  "They're toast, that's what
they are."  She transformed and leaped down from the balcony, sword held
high.  

     Linna sighed.  You're going to be the death of us.  Still, I can't
let these people be slaughtered, even if it is a dream.  She concentrated
and her party dress became her hardsuit.  And I REALLY can't let Priss get
slaughtered.  She charged into the fray.

     Priss fought the greatest fight of her entire life.  The fact that
this was a dream had completely slipped her mind.  This was her kingdom,
her people.  Her ancestors had moved heaven and earth to create a time of
peace, and she was ready to die to defend it.  Some tiny part of her knew
the odds were impossible, but Priss didn't worry about odds.  She cut a
bloody swathe through the enemy army, but it was too big, the odds too
heavy.  

     Linna carved an even larger swathe through the invading army.  A few
sword blows had revealed that none of the average invaders had anything
that could do more than damage her paint job, which made mowing them down
ridiculously easy.  The real problem seemed to be whether she'd collapse
from exhaustion before she could kill them all.

      Then one of the seven shadows came after her.  It was one of the
creepiest things she had ever seen, a vaguely humanoid shimmering being
seemingly forged from darkness with glowing red eyes.  She opened fire on
it and her laser simply punched a tiny hole in it which soon closed up.
She tried to engage it hand to hand, but her blows went through it without
hurting it at all.  Even the monofilament whips didn't do anything to it.
On the other hand, it's blows did little more than ding her armor and
further damage the paint job.

      Then Priss cut it in half with her sword and it dissolved away with
a loud scream.  Priss said, "Sorry to butt in, but it looked like you were
gonna be here all day."

      A loud scream cut across the battle.  Priss recognized the voice
crying "ENDYMION!"  She ran that direction, cutting a swathe through the
enemy army.  Linna followed in her wake.

       They were too late.  Bodies were strewn everywhere, the senshi of
the Moon Kingdom fallen.  A tall pale woman with long red hair and a staff
in her hands was gloating over her triumph as she carried off the Princess
of the Moon and the Prince of the Earth.  The last of the Moon's defenders
had fled, and only two cats and the Queen remained.  

       Beryl was ranting something about snakes.  The Queen ignored her
and held up a yellow wand, tipped with two things:  a crescent moon and a
shining silver colored crystal.  She spoke words of power and a wall of
light erupted from the crystal.  Priss and Linna closed their eyes, unable
to bear to look.  

       Beryl's army was ripped apart in an instant.  Many died, the rest
cast out into what would become known as the Dark Kingdom.  Soon, there
was only silence and the fallen.  

       Linna stared around in horror.  It was victory, but at too heavy a
price.  

       Priss was in shock.

       "The Silver Millenium has fallen,"  one of the cats said sadly.

       "I shall send their fallen souls to Earth, so that they might one
day be reborn and hopefully live in the peace that was denied them in this
life."  She raised the crescent moon wand and light flowed from it once
more...

      Flicker.

********

     Priss and Linna floated in a misty void, surrounded by a kaliedscope
of light and darkness, a seething sea of chaos. Things kept appearing
and vanishing in the corners of their vision.  Gently mocking voices
drifted through the void, just below the threshold of sound where
they might have understood them.  

     Priss turned to Linna. "Does this mean we're done?"  

     "Umm."  'Sasami, are you there?'

     A figure strode out of the mists, which dissolved away.  The pair
stood on the balcony again, but now the palace lay in ruins.  The garden
was gone, only a wasteland remained.  The world was bleak and lifeless,
though the same Earth hung in the sky.  The woman who had strode from the
mists was Queen Serenity.  "This is all that remains of my kingdom.  Of
your homeland, Priss."  She turned to Linna.  "So you are the one."

     Linna blinked.  "The one what?"

     "The one who has brought my daughter to me.  I thank you, Yamazaki
Linna.  I wish I could reward you, but that is not in my power.  Except
for this."  She reached out and touched Linna's forehead.  She felt an
electric shock run through her.  "You will know how to use this when the
time comes."  She turned back to Priss, who was staring at her.  "My
daughter.  I am so proud of you."

     "I haven't accomplished anything to be proud of."  It was a rare
moment of honesty for Priss.  "All I've done is fight and sing a few
songs."

     Queen Serenity swept forward and embraced her daughter.  "You have
fought with all your heart and all the considerable courage you have in
it.  I was a great queen and I could not save my kingdom from destruction.
Do not be bitter because of your past.  You will do great deeds in the
future, my daughter.  I have faith in you."

     Linna looked around at the devastation, remembering how beautiful it
had been earlier in the dream.  What a waste...such a peaceful place
destroyed.  

     "I...Is Usagi my sister?"

     "Yes.  You must find the Silver Crystal so you can restore her
memories and those of her friends.  The world will need you all soon."

     The Queen turned to Linna.  "Will you help my daughter?  She will
need someone who can help her travel through the world of dreams where the
crystal has hidden itself."

     Linna blinked.  "I..uh...me?"  Linna pulled herself together.  "Sure.
I'll help as best I can.  The crystal is in someone's dreams?"

     "The world of dreams is shaped by human will, but there are vast
tracks of it that lie beyond where people normally go in their dreams.
Some of your scientists refer to it as subspace."

     "As what?"

      Queen Serenity tinysweated.  "Anyway, the Crystal is hidden in the
deeps of this world, the very universe within which we are now.  I do not
know where it is or how easily it can be found, but I hope you can help my
daughter to find the Crystal."

      "I will do my best."

      Priss said, "We'll find it.  I swear I'll find it, mother.  I...will
I see you again?"

      "Not for a very long time.  You must sleep now.  You will need your
rest."  She began to fade.  "I love you, Courage.  I know you will not
fail."

      My name is Courage...It fits I guess.  Priss smiled, though she was
crying.  "I love you too, mother."  

      The world dissolved away and Priss and Linna both sank into a deep,
restful sleep.  Far away from them in orbit over the earth, Sasami smiled
in her sleep and rolled over.  

*******
     Nene crawled out of bed.  Ack, I'm late for...oh wait, I have today
off.  She was about to sag back into her bed when she heard noises in the
kitchen.  Great, an early morning burglar, she thought.  She managed to
find her bathrobe and her handgun and crept out into the living room, just
in time for 'BOB and his Chainsaw' to fill her apartment with noise
spawned in Hell's music department.  She screamed and so did the person
who turned on the music, who turned out to be Ryu.  

      After a few seconds, he turned it off.  "..."

      Nene put down the gun.  "You startled me!"

      "What was this doing in your stereo?"

      "All the CDs you lent me were like that!"

      "Are you sure you didn't borrow this from Manami?  Or Priss?  Or
maybe the forces of EVIL?"  Ryu pulled out the CD and looked at it, then
at the CD case.  "This looks like my case, but these aren't
my....Manami..."

       "What?"

      "Manami switched all my CDs!  Oooooooooo."

      Nene laughed.  "I guess she did get you."

      "This calls for an escalating spiral of vengeance."

      "Cool.  Can I help?"

      "Sure."  Ryu kissed Nene.  "Let's get some breakfast first, though."

      "And then we'll plot our evil revenge."

      "Exactly." 

*********

     Hikaru and Noa sat down in her living room.  "So you're ready for
this?"  Hikaru asked.

     Noa nodded.  "As ready as I'll ever be."

     Hikaru moved closer on the couch and reached out her hand to Noa's
forehead.  "This may not be pleasant for you."

     "It's painful?  I can handle pain."  Noa was very nervous.  She knew
she was standing at the edge of a line beyond which there was no turning
back.  

     "Not physically.  You'll remember things and you may not want to
remember some of them.  More importantly, you may not want other people 
to know them, but I won't be able to help learning them.  To awaken your
abilities, I have to know you...and knowing yourself OR others can be
painful, embarrassing, and unpleasant.  I've only done this twice, not
counting the time it was done to me, and that wasn't exactly voluntary.
Well, sort of.  Anyway, one of them was my best friend, but there were
still things that...well, anyway.  This is your last warning."

      "Who did this to you, if I may ask?  You say it wasn't voluntary?"

      "One of the things you're going to be going up against tried to use
me as a living weapon against my boyfriend and his family because they're
descended from Juraiians.  I nearly killed them all."  Her voice was very
faint. 

      "So the thing that did that to you is still out there?"

      "I killed it."  Her voice was very matter of fact, but sounded
tight.  "I ripped its spirit body apart and..."  She shuddered.  "I know
how they can die, but it's not pleasant.  Not pleasant at all."  She
stared off into space for a few seconds.  "Anyway.  You ready?"  Clearly,
she didn't want to talk about it anymore.

      "Sock it to me."

      Hikaru placed her hand on Noa's forehead and dived inside her mind.

                        
                        ****************

     Young Noa chased the cat down the hallway.  "Alphonse!  Alphonse!"
Alphonse didn't pay any attention.  Hikaru followed the young five year
old as she chased the cat through an open door into the main room of her
parents' brewery.  

     Noa's father grabbed Alphonse and laughed.  He was a huge burly man
with bright red hair.  "Here you go, Noa-chan."

     "Thank you, Poppa."

     Noa's mother brought over a glass to Noa.  "Here, try this."

     Hikaru blinked.  Her parents were giving her beer at age five?

     "It's too bitter."  

     Her mother turned to her father.  "I TOLD you."

     He grumbled.  "Right, right.  Shouldn't you be doing your homework,
Noa-chan?"

     Noa hugged her cat until it was almost ready to explode.  "Okay!"

     She got all the way to her room before she remembered she didn't HAVE
any homework.

                         
                        ****************

      Noa, now 17, finished gassing up her motorcycle.  "You sure you're
old enough for that thing?"  the gas station attendant asked.

      "It's not a thing.  It's Alphonse."  She paid the attendant and
stalked off, leaping on the cycle and roaring off into the night.

      Hikaru blinked.  She named her motorcycle after her cat?

                        ****************

     Hikaru watched Noa, now 21, carefully polish an Ingram by hand.
Hikaru recognized it as the Ingram that was now in Noa's restaurant.  Noa
seemed to almost be in a trance as she worked.  Another SV2 officer, who
Hikaru recognized as Noa's husband, Asuma, approached her.  "You're STILL
here?"

     Noa blinked.  "I'm almost done cleaning Alphonse, Shinohara-kun."
She paused.  "Oh wait, you needed a ride, right?"

     "Yeah."

     She clambered down from the gantry.  "I'll take you right now then,
since it's supposed to rain soon and then I won't be able to take you."

     She named her mech Alphonse too, Hikaru thought.  I wonder why the
name is so important to her.

                          ****************

      Noa turned and saw several dozen labors heading for the park, a mere
fraction of the thousands in the city.  These were different.  No one was
operating them.  "This must be something like that HOS disaster...Has
Unit 1 been called out?"

     Hikaru watched quietly.  The worst part about trying to understand
other people's memories was that you couldn't ask questions to try and
find out the context.  It was like reading a book by picking random pages.  

      He paused, and radioed for more information.  He didn't like what he
heard.  "Unit 1 was called in and is now under attack from its own
labors."

      "WHAT?"

      "Military labors are out of control at the base...the chief says
we're getting out of here now!"

      Hikaru suddenly realized what was going on.  December 31, 2000 AD.
I remember that day all too well, unlike the others.

      Noa tossed aside the person she was grappling with and tried to run
for the carrier.  The controls refused to respond.  Alphonse twitched
about as if he was drunk.  Noa swore.  "Alphonse, what are you doing?"

      She struggled with the controls.  It was like trying to walk through
marshmellows.  They weren't responding.  In fact, it felt like something
else was trying to issue contrary commands.  Noa felt a growing sense of
unease.  No, I won't let something do this to my ALPHONSE!  She growled
and concentrated.  The resistance increased, then suddenly popped.
Alphonse took off at a run for the carrier...too late.  Four labors had
grabbed it and flipped it over.  

     Hikaru blinked.  That shouldn't have been possible...I'll have to
follow this up.  Hikaru plunged deeper into Noa's mind.

                          ****************

     Noa was substantially older in this memory, somewhere in her late
thirties.  She was confronting an old man and a bunch of armed punks in a
warehouse.  "Surrender now!"  she cried out.

      The old man laughed.  "Soon, the virus we've planted in your mech's
operating system will take effect and your mech will be paralyzed.  If you
run, you might get far enough away that we won't catch you when it shuts
down."  He checked his watch.  "You have three minutes."

      "I guess I have three minutes to render you all unable to move
then."

      The old man blinked, clearly not having quite thought of that.

     Three minutes later, the men were all knocked out, or pinned on the
floor with Alphonse sitting on their legs.  Hikaru laughed faintly as she
watched.

      Noa was holding the old man up in the air.  Three minutes.  Four
minutes.  "Hmmm.  Looks like your virus needs a little work."

      The old man began to cry.

                             **************

      Shige said to Noa, "Yeah, they did put a virus in your mech.  In
fact, your mech ought to be not functional right now."

      "I guess Alphonse's immune system was just too strong for it, eh?"

      Shige shook his head.  "Humans are the immune system of mechs.  Like
I said, this mech shouldn't be able to move.  Your operating system looks
like swiss cheese."

      "But he's running just fine!"

      "Who knows.  The more we improve these labors, the less we
understand them.  Anyway, I'm going to restore your operating system from
the backups."

       She nodded.  "Okay.  I wonder what the Old Man would have thought
of all this."

      Shige said, "He'd have yelled at me for not keeping more recent
backups."  Shige looked at Alphonse.  "On the other hand, the fact that
this thing is still running after 20 years...I think he would have been
happy about that."

       "Well, with maintenance a car will last 20 years easily."

      "Shinohara-san, you don't take cars into COMBAT.  Tanks don't last
20 years of frequent combat.  We replaced Unit 2 and 3 years ago, but your
mech just keeps going."

      "That's 'cause I take extra good care of him."

      "We take extra good care of all the mechs...anyway, I need to go
work on this and you're going out with your husband tonight, right?"

      Noa nodded.  "Take good care of Alphonse."  She turned to go.

      "I always do."

      Hikaru smiled faintly to herself and followed another thread of
memory.

                                ******************

     It was a cold winter's day.  Noa was in her early twenties, but
Hikaru couldn't tell quite how old she was.  She and Asuma were standing
out in the snow in front of SV2 HQ.  He looked very nervous.  "You have
tomorrow off, don't you, Noa?"

       "Hmm?  Yeah.  Why?"

       "Interested in catching a movie with me?"

       "Sure."

       The man seemed visibly relieved.  "How about the two thirty movie?"

       "I'm going to be cleaning Alphonse."

       Hikaru laughed faintly.  She can't even tell, can she...

       "On your day off?"

       "I won't have time before then."

       "..."  He thought for a moment.  "Four thirty?"

       "Sure.  What movie are we going to go see?"

       "How about Sleepless in Shikoku?"

       "I've been wanting to see the new Gundam movie."

       "Okay, we can do that."  He looked a little disappointed.  She
didn't quite notice.  

       "Cool!  You're the only person I know who is willing to go see a
good mech movie with me anymore!"  She danced about happily.

       "You up to going somewhere for a nice meal after that?"

       "Sure.  I'm kinda getting tired of the stuff we eat here.  Then
I'll take you by my parent's brewery and see how much we can squeeze out
of them."

       "I thought you couldn't get drunk anymore because of growing up
there."

       She laughed.  "Only Mom's homecooking so to speak, if you know what
I mean."

       He was about to find out.  Hikaru smiled.  First date, I guess.
She leaped down another thread of memory.


                                ******************

     Noa, 17 years old in this memory, sat with her friends watching an
entirely ridiculous show called 'Sailor V Gundam'.  Imagine giant fuku
wearing combat mechs.  Then try to get the image out of your head before
it rots your brain.

     Hikaru blinked.  I can't believe anyone besides me watched this silly
show.

      Apparently Noa's friends couldn't believe it either.  "Why are you
making us watch this awful show?"

      "Cause I think these giant robots are just so cool!  I'm gonna be a
giant robot pilot one day."

      "But this show is soooooo bad.  It looks like five year olds drew
it...and where did Sailor V get all these mechs, anyway?"

      "You people have no imagination.  I'll have my own mech and I'll
name it Alphonse!"

      "You name EVERYTHING Alphonse!  What is it with you and that name?"

      Noa smiled.  "I just like it..."

      Hikaru tried diving down another thread of memory.

                         *****************

      Noa, age 5, ran frantically through the mall.  She was completely
lost.  I shouldna gone to look at that dollie, she thought, cause now I
can't find Mommy anywhere.  Mommy got lost!  "Mommy, where are you!"

      Poor child, Hikaru thought.  I know the feeling.  

      She ran headfirst into the legs of a huge old man.  Well, huge from
her perspective.  He was dressed in archaic garb, and looked somewhat like
a priest.  He wore glasses and had short grey hair and a bushy grey
moustache.  He looked down at the child.  "Are you okay, little one?"

      "My Mommy is lost!"  Where is everyone?  Where's Daddy?  I can't
find anyone!

      "I'll help you find her.  What does she look like?"

      "She's big and beautiful and has brown hair and she's really nice!
And she's wearing a green dress."

       "Okay."  The man began leading Noa through the mall, keeping up a
steady stream of chitchat with her.  Slowly, Noa's fear and worries faded.
"So what's your name, little one?"

       "Izumi Noa.  What's your name?"

       "My name is Masaki Katsuhito."  

        Hikaru looked at the man.  Something about him was familiar.  One
of Kyosuke's relatives?, she thought.

        Noa looked around at everything for sale in the mall.  There were
tons and tons of stuff for sale.  Then she saw it.  The perfect doll.  It
was a little Gundam mech plushie in a UFO catcher machine.  "I want it!  I
want it!"  She pointed.  It's important to point so adults know what you
want.

       Katsuhito laughed.  "You like mechs, little girl?"

       "They're really neat!"

       "I'll see what I can do."  He got out a coin and soon snagged the
doll and gave it to her.  "He'll keep you safe whenever you're in danger.
You'll have a big strong mech to protect you."

       Noa giggled.  "He needs a name."

       Katsuhito thought for a moment, looking around.  A sign caught his
eye.  "How about Alphonse?  I guess he's a French mech."

       "Yeah!  That sounds like a neat name!"  I can use that for our new
cat too, Noa thought.  

        Hikaru laughed, then suddenly realized where she knew the man
from...

                              ****************

     Hikaru stood in a vast hanger.  It looked like a trophy room.
Alphonse stood against one wall by a gantry and elevated walkway.
Pictures lined the wall by Alphonse, showing various battles and other
deeds he had accomplished.  By a second wall stood a series of statues of
people Hikaru could not recognize for the most part, though the uniforms
identified them as the members of SV2.  A third wall held people Hikaru
recognized as Noa's family from some of the memories.  Her cousins,
father, mother, and others.  The fourth wall held a single statue, Noa's
husband, Shinohara Asuma.  The statue changed as Hikaru watched it, aging
from a young and nervous man to the confident elder gentleman that Hikaru
had met before.  The pictures on the wall behind him were a mixture of
scenes.  Asuma with a toothache.  Asuma recieving an award.  Asuma riding
on Noa's motorcycle with her.  Asuma throwing a snowball at someone.
Asuma in his SV2 uniform, giving orders.  Asuma and Noa's wedding day.
Their first kiss.  

      Hikaru turned away, not wanting to pry too deeply.  In the middle of
the room, Noa floated, suspended from invisible wires.  She was dressed in
her SV2 uniform, and she looked younger than in real life, though not as
young as in some of the memories.  She had a red string tied to each of
her thumbs.  The one from her right hand lead to Asuma, the one from her
left to Alphonse.

      Hikaru smiled faintly.  I wonder what I would have seen if I
ever...She wiped the thought from her mind.  No time for regrets.  She
examined Noa more closely.  Yes, I can see it, she thought.  Her power is
already awake.  Together, they are more than they are apart.  The whole
greater than the sum of its parts.  Two humans and a machine...not your
normal love triangle.  

       Now how exactly do I explain this to her?  She thought for a
moment, then acted.

******

      Noa blinked as Hikaru pulled her hand away from Noa's forehead.  "I
can sense where Asuma is...he's eating a sandwich at the office and
reading some papers.  And I can sense..."  She looked at Hikaru.  "Am I
clairvoyant now?"

      "You had a very powerful bond with those you love.  It is stronger
now.  Together, the three of you are stronger than any foe."

      "The three of us?  You mean..."

      Hikaru smiled.  "I think you know what I mean."

*****

     Asuma sneezed and papers flew everywhere.  I guess someone is
thinking of me.  Probably Noa, I guess.  I can almost see her talking to 
Professor Hiyama, now that I think about her.  He could hear her voice in his 
mind, and he smiled.  I love you Noa, maybe even almost as much as you love 
your mech.  If that's humanly possible.  



















May 22, 2016

      Quincy sat at his desk and stared at the man before him.  He looked
remarkably bland for what he what he claimed to be, with neatly trimmed
brown hair and a nice suit.  "An interesting proposal, Mr. Xavier.  But
can you prove it?"

      "Call in your secretary."

      "I don't have my own secretary yet."

      "Call in anyone."

      Quincy called in Taki from Accounting.  When Taki arrived, Mr.
Xavier promptly crumpled and suddenly Taki spoke.  "Satisfied?"

      "Interesting.  So why didn't you just TAKE my body since I can't
stop you?"

      "Past experiences have taught me there is value in cooperation and
there may times when I may need to be elsewhere.  Plus, you have knowledge
that I do not.  My life has taught me little of how to run a company, but
I have scientific knowlege beyond your wildest imagining.  We can do far
more together than separately."

     It was the beginning of a beautiful friendship and the rise of a
company to world power.

*********

Chapter 14:  Breaking the Rules

*********


     Priss woke up with a severe stomachache.  She stifled the urge to
moan, because she didn't want Leon to know she felt sick.  No weakness.
She looked around Leon's apartment.  It was just a dream.  He's okay, she
told herself.  No Leon.  A twinge of fear struck her and she stifled it.
He's probably in the bathroom or gone to work or something.  

     She looked around.  No note.  No bathroom noises.  She used the
bathroom herself, thus making doubly sure Leon wasn't in there.  He wasn't
in the kitchen either.  Nothing but silence.  Bastard didn't even leave a
note, she thought.

     The living room door opened, and Priss spun.  It was Leon with a
handful of mail.  "Oh, hi, Priss.  I forgot to pick up my mail last night.
You wanna grab something to eat before I go to work?  Assuming you don't
feel too sick to eat?"

     Priss felt a wave of relief wash over her.  She sauntered over to
Leon.  "I feel great.  You're the one who can't handle weird pizzas."

     "I seem to remember you worshipping the porcelain goddess last
night."

     "I was just trying to comfort her after she had to deal with you."
Priss replied, grinning.  "Face it, you just have a weak stomach."

     "In your dreams,"  Leon replied.  "Come on, let's go.  I don't have
anything here worth eating, and I gotta get to work soon."

      Dreams.  Priss thought about her dreams.  I have a lot of things to
do, she thought.  She looked at Leon.  When I thought you had died...  It
was time to be honest with herself about how she felt about Leon.  She
hadn't really loved anyone in a long time.  There had been her old
boyfriend who got killed by Genom.  There had been Sylvie.  And now...
Priss was used to acting on impulses so she did.  She grabbed Leon and
kissed him.  

      Leon didn't make it to work on time that day.

*********

      Ryu whispered to Nene, "Are you SURE you want to go through with
this?"

      "Hey, unlike some people, I don't fire energy beams from my hands.
I'm gonna need an upgrade to keep up and Celia is too busy to work on our
hardsuits," Nene replied.  "I was VERY specific on what I wanted Wasyuu to
do."

      "I love my grandmother very much, but it's been a REALLY long time
since I've been part of any of her experiments if I could help it."  Ryu
looked around Wasyuu's lab.  "We can still run before she gets back."

     Nene laughed.  I just have to remember Ryouko's advice, and I'll be
okay.  I hope.  "I don't think so."

     "Don't say I didn't warn you."  He started to lean against a nearby
machine, then decided it was better not to touch anything unnecessarily.

     Wasyuu returned, carrying an earring.  "Here, put this on."

     "A subspace beacon?"  Ryu asked.

     Nene put it on.  

     "Yes.  This will enable the battlesuit to find you so it doesn't
materialize in the wrong place.  It also has the sensor for the activation
phrase."

     "Activation phrase?"

     "To summon the armor, you shout, 'Knight Saber Power, Make Up!'"

     It took all of Ryu's willpower not to fall down laughing.

     "Can't you reset it to something less silly?"

     "No."  Wasyuu's eyes twinkled, and her smile was impish.

     "I don't believe you,"  Nene said.  She stared fixedly at Wasyuu.
"The most brilliant scientist in the universe isn't capable of changing a
command phrase?  I could do that."

     Wasyuu pouted.  "But..."

     "Please?"

     "Okay." Wasyuu summoned up her keyboard.  "How about, 'Sim Sim
Salabim'?"

     "How about 'Summon Armor'?"

     Wasyuu sighed.  "Kids these days just don't appreciate culture."  She
typed away for about ten seconds.  "Okay, now try it out.  Ryu, better
step back."

     Ryu stepped back.

     "Summon Armor,"  Nene said.  Nothing happened.  

     "You have to shout it."

     "SUMMON ARMOR!"  Nene shouted.  She rose into the air and spun about.
To her surprise, her clothing ripped into tiny shreds, leaving her totally
naked for about a second.  Ryu tried not to stare and failed.  The shreds
blew away from her and pink and purple ribbons formed around her, 
becoming her jumpsuit she normally wore inside the hardsuit, then the 
pieces of armor appeared and slammed together around her.  At the end of the
transformation, she was still hovering in the air, now wearing a modified
version of her Knight Saber hardsuit.  

      Wasyuu clapped her hands, "The anti-grav system IS adjusted
correctly for your weight.  I was a little worried you'd lied about your
weight and it wouldn't be strong enough."

      Nene flew down to the ground.  "I was butt-naked up there!"

      "I thought that would be the best way to distract anyone who might
be watching so they wouldn't attack before the armor finished appearing."
Wasyuu started typing again, "I could add a bright flash of light to blind
them as well so they won't actually see you naked if it bothers you.
Aren't you proud of your body?"

      Ryu restrained himself from commenting, which wasn't easy.     

      "This isn't some anime where we have to give fanservice!  I don't
want anyone but Ryu seeing me naked!"  She blushed inside the armor.  "Uh,
I mean..."

      Wasyuu laughed.  "It's about time.  Anyway, I could change it, but
it would take me weeks to reconfigure it properly to work another way."

      Nene looked at the screen, which contained a 'reconfigure
experimental hardsuit' icon.  She pressed it and a list of options came
up.  "Right.  I'll just relieve you of the labor."

      Wasyuu said, "You're taking all the fun out of this."

      "If you really want fun, you can help Ryu and me get even with
Manami and Ryouko for playing a prank on us."

      Wasyuu's eyes lit up.  "I minored in clever revenge at the Science
Academy."

     Nene finished reconfiguring the transformation sequence.  "Got any
ideas?"

     Wasyuu ALWAYS has ideas.

*********

     Youshou whacked Macky on the head with the wooden practice sword for
the twentieth time that day.  "You have to concentrate."

     Macky sat down and sighed.  "Is this REALLY necessary?  I mean, I'm
not going to be able to learn hardly anything in the amount of time we
have before we make our big move, right?"

     Youshou sat down on the ground beside them, looking around the
clearing.  Memories of training on this very field with Tenchi flitted
through his mind.  I wish we had more time, he thought.  "Every little bit
will help."

     "Yeah, like I'll get to do anything anyway.  I ought to be practicing
cheering everyone on.  That and truck driving."

     Youshou frowned.  "If you take that attitude, that's all you'll ever
be good for.  Is that all you want to be?  Your sister's flunky?"

     "No, but I..."

     "But you aren't willing to get off your fat behind and do anything to
change matters.  I won't make you do this, but if you don't try to be more
than you are, you'll never become something better.  Some of the things I
tell you to do may seem pointless, but they're all intended to make you
rise above yourself and shatter your limitations.  You can wallow in
self-pity and complain about what people have done to you and how useless
you are, or you can solve your problems."  He got into a ready position.
"I've been pleased with your progress, but not your attitude.  Shall we
continue, or should we just go back to Mega-Tokyo?"

      Macky blinked, trying to process all of this.  "I just feel like I'm
not any good at this compared to you and..."

      "I've been swordfighting for close to 800 years now.  You've got a
long ways to go to catch up.  The important thing is to keep trying and do
your best."

      Macky nodded and lunged at Youshou.  "En Garde!"

      Youshou laughed.  "For Queen and Country."  

      The fight began anew.
       
*********

     "So as we head into the twenty thirties, we can see that..."
Professor Hiyama lectured on about the aftermath of the Kanto Quake of
2025.  

     Her students took notes, many of them using laptop computers, others
using an old fashioned pen and notepad.  Manami was one of the former,
typing at high speed.  Unlike many of her classes, this was one that was
full of material that was actually new to her.  That was one reason she
was majoring in history.  It was an area that had not been covered in her
education on Jurai.  To be precise, EARTH history had not been covered
there, and her father, while he had tried to teach her, wasn't much of an
expert in his homeworld's history.  

     The lecture soon came to an end.  As Manami was about to leave,
Professor Hiyama stopped her.  "Do you have a minute, Manami?"

     "Sure."

     She followed Professor Hiyama to her office, closing the door behind
her as she came in.  "What's up?"

     "Has your great-grandfather told you about meeting me?"

     "Oh, you met great-grandfather?  How did that happen?"

     "You should be careful.  There are Genom agents on this campus trying
to find the person who took out one of their agents, and even your powers
won't save you from a bullet in the back."

     Manami blinked.  She wasn't expecting this.  "I...uh..."

     "I know about where you are from and a lot of other things.  I wanted
you to know I know in case you should need my help.  Your
great-grandfather has many allies."

     "Are you from the Kasuga clan?"

     Professor Hiyama laughed.  "Almost."

     "I don't understand."

     "I really ought to put this explanation on tape," she muttered to
herself, 
then launched into the whole saga.

*********

     Noa faced off with her students.  Here's where we see if this makes a
difference, she thought.  I really wish I was using Alphonse, though, so I
could tell.

      On the other hand, the constant awareness of her husband was a
little bit distracting, though she was getting used to shoving it to the
back of her brain so it didn't constantly fill her thoughts.  I hope I'm
not making him sneeze constantly.  She laughed at the thought.  

      "You ready, Umi?"  she asked the driver of Unit 6.  

      Umi, a blue haired girl with sharply angled features, nodded.  She
was one of Noa's best students.  Unlike the others, she listened, she
didn't rely too much on her powers, and she actually seemed to know how to
fight in a sensible manner.  "Hai, sensei."

      "And you, Yusaku?"

      Yusaku was the blond boy with rumpled hair who drove Unit 4.  He was
very psychically powerful, but fairly inept in a fight, though he had more
sense than Hitomi, who seemed to think she was in a samurai movie.  "Ready
as I ever am."

      "Okay, both of you try to take me."

      They all drew their combat rods.  The two teens tried to come at Noa
from two sides.  Yusaku charged forward, while Umi approached more warily.
Noa flowed with the attack, side-stepping, grabbing unit 4's arm and
spinning in place, letting his momentum carry him around to go crashing
into Unit 6.  Well, that was the plan.  Unit 6 got out of the way, and
Unit 4 leveled a tree instead.  

     Unit 6 waited for Unit 4 to get up.  He peeled himself off the tree
and charged Noa again. This time, she simply blocked his attack.  Unit 6,
however, was now able to get a blow in from the side and strike Unit 2.  
Noa smiled.  Good teamwork, even if it was unwitting on Unit 4's part.

     She spun, the mech moving more fluidly than on previous days and
struck at Unit 6's hand.  Umi instinctively tried to avoid her hand
getting thumped and left herself open for a solid thumping.

     "Remember, the blows to your mech can't hurt you physically, though
avoiding getting hit is a good idea, don't let it make you leave yourself
wide open."

      Umi nodded.  

      Noa smiled.  I think I am fighting better, though maybe it's only my
ego that has gotten more powerful.

*********

     Priss was nervous.  She knew she shouldn't be, since Linna had done
this sort of thing ALL the time and Nene was currently massively in
violation of rule #10 and usually Priss didn't even THINK about the
rules...however, it wasn't just rule #10 she was thinking of violating.  

     Priss hated feeling panicky, so she choked it down and stomped into
the Silky Doll.  Some tiny part of her brain mentioned, 'You are now in
violation of rule #9', but she ignored it.  Even Celia daily violated that
rule.  

     Celia was nowhere to be seen.  Priss went and knocked on the office
door, waving off a clerk who tried to see if she needed help.

     Celia opened the door, smiling.  "How are you today, Priss?"

     "I need to talk to you."

     "Come on in, then."  Celia sat down.  Unusually, the radio was tuned
to a music station instead of 24-hour news channel 96.1  Some light breezy
pop was playing.  Priss sat down, wondering briefly if she had wandered
into another universe.  "Would you like something to drink?"

     "Sure."

     Celia got Priss a coke.  "Sorry I don't have anything stronger."

     Has Celia been kidnapped and replaced by a boomer?,  Priss wondered
briefly.  Maybe this will be easier than I thought.  "I..uh...well,
I...ummm..."

     "Let me guess.  You finally broke rule #10?"  Celia had a look that
in someone else might have been described as a twinkle in her eye.  Priss
found it scary.

     "..."  Priss blinked.  "I...how did you know?"  Did she learn to read
minds during that training trip?  Wait, what does she mean by FINALLY?

     "I was wondering if you would ever get serious with Leon."  She
sipped from her own soda.  "Looks like I win the betting pool, too."

     Priss' jaw dropped.  Incoherent noises came out.  "Be...betting
pool?"

     Celia laughed.  "Just yanking your chain.  Linna tried to start one,
but I wouldn't let her."

     Priss said, "Well, that's one relief.  The thing I really needed to
ask you is..." She hesitated.  Why is Celia so happy?  Did she get laid?
Priss laughed mentally at the thought.  No way.  Who would she be sleeping
with?

     "I'm still working on the next set of upgrades.  They should be ready
fairly soon, with Washuu's help.  You won't be able to believe some of the
stuff you'll be able to do."  Celia was becoming even more animated.
"It'll take me years to catch up, maybe decades, but even the simple stuff
is just amazing."  It looked like she could rant all day.

     Priss cut her off.  "Leon wants to know what the hell is going on,
and I want to tell him."

     "Okay."

     Priss didn't quite notice the reply.  "He's kept my secret for over a
year, and I think he really deserves, after the whole mess with Mihoshi,
to at least know what's going on.  He even kept our involvement in that
secret from his own bosses to protect us and..."

     "I said it was okay, Priss.  Have him come talk to me as soon as he
can."

     Priss stared.  Maybe Celia DID get laid.  Or having alien powers
softens you up.  She thought about her own recent behavior.  That's
starting to look like a likely theory.  "..."

      Celia laughed.  "Perhaps you expected me to produce a gun and shoot
you on the spot just for asking?"

      "Well, uh..."

      Celia sighed.  "We were all different people when we made those
rules, especially me.  There was a time when I would have been willing to
back them up with death.  That time is over and done.  We'd have all had
to die for breaking rule #9 a long time ago if we were going to be rigid
on the rules."

      Priss nodded.  "We've never broken #6."

      "And that's the only one we've never broken.  Have you met Linna's
new boyfriend yet?"

      "No.  She tried to bring him to one of my concerts, but he got sick.
Have any of us but Linna met him yet?"

      "No.  He's got money, of course."  Celia smiled sardonically.

      Priss laughed.  "Are we starting a betting pool on how long this
relationship lasts?"

      "Actually, Nene and I have one going..."

      Priss and Celia both fell out of their chairs laughing.

*********

      The hammer banged on the table, sending everyone in the room jumping 
in  shock.  Usagi laughed.  "This meeting will come to order."

       Haruka laughed.  "Yeah, right.  Like any of these meetings ever come
to 
order."  Michiru, sitting next to Haruka, laughed faintly.  "Whadja call a 
special meeting for, anyway?"

       Dr. Mizuno Ami, sitting halfway across the room stood up.  "I asked 
Usagi to call the meeting since I think I've made a minor breakthrough in my 
studies."

       Minako Grant, famous voice actress and Oil of Olay spokeswoman, said, 
"So when can we start selling it?"  Everyone laughed, even Ami.

       There were sixteen of them--eight women and eight men.  Eight
couples united by two bonds.  First, all of them had lived in the Juuban
district of Tokyo during the nineties, when they had met.  Secondly, none
of them had aged a day in the last thirty years or possibly longer.  They
should have all been in their mid fifties or older.  One of them had
white hair, but his face was unlined by age, and he knew he had gone
white in his youth.  It had taken a long time to realize that they were
not aging, but once it began to become obvious, they had formed the
Juuban Society and set out to find out why they were unaging.

       All of them had had to take measures to try to ward off attention for 
their youthfulness.  Haruka and Michiru had gone so far as to fake their own 
deaths and assume the identity of relatives of themselves, with the help of a 
little plastic surgery and faked computer records.  They were Hikaru and 
Michelle now.  Minako and her husband, who lived a high profile life, simply 
let people believe that she HAD had plastic surgery.  Some, like Usagi,
hadn't really done anything, since Usagi really had no clue how to deal
with this.  

       Finally, Ami had begun the most productive quest, putting her access
to 
medical research equipment to good use.  She stood now, and began to speak.  
"So far, I have been unable to isolate any common genetic factor that might 
provide a basis for understanding why we are all not aging.  However, I have 
discovered certain chemicals present in the bloodstream of all of us which I 
suspect are related to this phenomenon, since they are not present in any of 
the blood samples I have worked with from other subjects.  Secondly, 
injecting  these chemicals into mice retarded their aging process for several 
months.   Thus, in theory, if I could synthesize these chemicals, it is
possible 
that..."

       Makoto interrupted.  "In other words, we're living fountains of youth?"

       "These chemicals will not make you young, they merely retard the aging 
process so that you don't get older.  In fact, they will prevent children, or 
at least young mice, from maturing physically and possibly mentally, though 
it's harder to tell with mice.  This could provide an explanation for why
none 
of us have been able to successfully have children."

       Everyone was silent for a moment, then Naru said, "Because the
children 
can't even develop in our wombs?  They can't even age that much?"

       Ami nodded.  "It seems so, though the problem then arises of how any
of 
us ever made it to maturity."

       "Well, that could be questioned in a few cases,"  Bishop Hino said.  
Usagi stuck out her tongue at her.

      "Where are these chemicals coming from?"  Michiru asked.

      "Our bodies are naturally manufacturing them as far as I can tell, 
unless someone is secretly giving us all periodic injections, which seems 
rather unlikely.  I haven't figured out how to make these chemicals in any 
artificial manner yet; they're incredibly complex.  I don't even understand 
how they work.  Still, I have high hopes of eventually figuring them out. 
The 
disturbing thing, however, is that even with the resources of the Human 
Genome Project, your personal genetic records, and a very powerful 
computer, I still don't have a clue as to what genetic factor is responsible
for 
this.  I really have no idea why us and no one else."

       Usagi said, "It must be Miss Haruna's fault.  All that homework warped 
our body chemistry."

       That got a lot of laughs.  Ami continued.  "The odd thing, is that we
all 
KNOW each other.  Now, there may simply be a lot more Ageless out there 
that we don't know about, but given that there is not even a hint of this in
any 
medical journal and..."  She trailed off.

       "And what?"  Steven asked.  

       "Isn't it awfully convenient that each of us has the person we most 
care about to stay with us for eternity or at least a very long time?  If we 
had actually KNOWN this was going to happen, it would be different, but none 
of us had any clue at the time that we wouldn't age.  I can only conclude
that 
someone or something did this deliberately to us, though I can't even 
speculate why.  I love Ryo-kun very much, and I'm glad neither of us will 
have to watch the other age and die...but this is way too much of a 
coincidence."

       "Maybe Sensei had something to do with this."  Ryo said.  "He was 
always doing all kind of crazy experiments and..."

        "No.  Biology was not his forte," the white haired man, Professor 
Tomoe, said.  "And more importantly, he would have told us.  Plus, if he 
COULD block the aging process, why didn't he use it on himself?  He left me 
all of his notes, and none of them even vaguely refer to anything that could 
have this effect.  Now if we all thought we were living in Ancient Sumeria or 
started glowing purple, I could see it."

       "Maybe he just wants us to think he's dead,"  Haruka surmised.

       "And maybe Fu Manchu is to blame for this,"  Professor Tomoe said.  He 
sighed.  "I take it the sample of the genetics and blood of our relatives 
didn't help any?"

       Dr. Mizuno's face got a wistful look.  "The sample of your daughter
was 
seriously deteriorated.  I was able to get a genetic reading from her hair, 
but if she possessed the A-factor, as I call it, I was unable to determine 
from the blood sample.  The chemical degrades rapidly in contact with a 
nitrogen-rich environment like the Earth's atmosphere.  With regard to the 
other samples, I found no trace of the A-factor in any of the blood samples 
from your various relatives.  As far as I can tell, each of us is unique in 
our families in that regard."

       Urawa said, "Have you tested the A-factor with human subjects yet?"

       "No.  Maintaining the level of secrecy we desire would become
difficult 
at that stage.  Also, until I can manufacture it artifically, I don't think I 
could get any noticable effects.  While a fairly small dose seems to work
well 
on mice, humans have a tremendously higher body mass and would require 
much larger doses."

       The discussion continued until late in the afternoon, mainly
succeeding 
in making everyone a bit more uncomfortable than before.

**********

      Chaos swirled around her as she slept, her dreams shaping the stuff of 
creation into nightmare visions and pleasant wonderlands that lasted 
anywhere from moments to what passes for eons in a world with no time of 
its own.   Wrapped in a shroud of ether, she rolled over and the world around 
her shattered.  The large white house through which her mind had been 
wandering in recent whatevers dissolved away and became a school that looked 
like a huge skyscraper, a church of metal, wires, and glass.  

       Only one thing kept the chaos from slowly claiming her for its own, 
devouring her essence to renew itself.  A gem floated only inches from her, a 
shining translucent white gem that looked like an elaborately faceted
diamond.  
It wrapped her in light and shielded her from what existed before the world 
and will exist afterwards, the stuff of which dreams are made.  For dreams 
can devour an unwary dreamer.  

        Her hair was short and black, and in one hand she grasped her weapon, 
a long golden glaive.  She was the warrior of creation and destruction.  She 
could slay the entire population of the Earth under the right circumstances.  
But for now, she was the pawn of whoever might find her.  Luckily for the 
world, she had not yet been found.

**********

     Aeka bowed to Youshou, Meylia, and Macky.  "I'm leaving now.  Tenchi 
needs me in the city."

     Youshou nodded.  "Thank you for your assistance.  We will come if you 
need us before our planned departure time."

      Aeka nodded.  Meylia said, "I'm heading to the city for a few days as 
well, father.  There are matters I wish to discuss with my grandaughter and 
some other business."  She winked at Macky, who laughed faintly.  Youshou 
pretended he already knew what she was winking at Macky for.

      Youshou said, "Well, I have much to instruct Macky in.  Come, great-
grandson.  Time for your sword practice."

      Macky groaned and followed.  A few seconds later, his grand-mother and 
his great-half-grandaunt vanished in different though similar poofs of light.
 
Macky walked through the forest, carrying his wooden sword, mentally 
preparing himself for the beating of the day.  He soon realized they were 
actually heading to the sacred tree.  "Is this the right way?"

      Youshou laughed faintly.  "You'll be getting a special lesson today."

       "The tree is going to stomp on me personally?"

       Youshou laughed.  "A history lesson.  There are many things the Masaki 
Tree can teach you better than I can."

      They soon reached the vast prayer-ribbon encircled tree, surrounded by 
pools of water and the beams of light that shone from its branches.  Youshou 
stepped foward and touched the trunk of the tree with his right hand, and 
Macky began to see.  It was all new to him, and some of it quite exciting,
but 
largely not relevant to this story, so we'll move on.

**********

     General Masunga frowned.  "So, in other words, the best Intelligence has 
been able to do is to proclaim what happened IMPOSSIBLE?"  General Masunga 
was a huge burly black man in an immaculate uniform with curly gray hair 
cut short.  He had begun his career in the Nigerian military and had made a 
reputation for accomplishing the impossible and for scrupulous honesty.  He 
had thus emerged as a logical candidate to head the USSD after the
resignation 
of General Dunkelkopf on corruption charges in early 2034.  USSD had gone 
through five commanders in seven years.  While Masunga had no major 
backers for the job, he had no major enemies either and an impeccable 
reputation.  
   
       Unfortunately, Masunga was faced with a major crisis.  Two hundred and 
twenty two laser satellites were the main weapon the USSD had in dealing 
with one of its major duties, the prevention of nuclear war.  For decades,
the 
UN had been a toothless organization; now it had sharp fangs.  Unfortunately, 
some unknown force had defanged it.  It had taken every ounce of resources 
they had to keep this secret, or at least out of the public eye.  General 
Masunga had been counting on Intelligence to find out who did this.  They
were 
failing him.  He didn't like failure.  

      "Sir, no one on Earth has the resources to remove all the laser 
satellites in a single night.  If they had been shot down, we would have had 
warning.  Some astronomer would have seen something.  They also wouldn't 
have shown up mostly undamaged but disarmed on our doorstep.  Also, we 
wouldn't have ended up with the other fifty laser satellites in orbit
belonging 
to various nations."

       That was the strangest part.  Not only had something disarmed and 
landed all the laser satellites, the same unknown someone had stolen all the 
other laser satellites in orbit and parked them in USSD's parking lot.  No 
other satellites had been touched, just the deadly beam weapons.  Even
illegal 
covert spy satellites had been left out there.  The space stations were 
unmolested.  It seemed completely insane.  

      "Still no reports of any unusual activities from the space stations?"

      "Someone on monitor duty went mad at Space Station Everest and started 
playing 'Stairway to Heaven' over and over on all intercom channels at max 
volume a few days ago and had to be sent to an asylum.  There might be a 
connection, but I doubt it."

       "I suspect SPDC instinctively in this, but I can't think of why they 
would do it."

      "The SPDC is a ..." the aide began.

      "A front for GENOM.  They own the space colonies in all but name. 
Their 
boomers are all over them.  However, GENOM wouldn't just do this for fun.  
They might just be panicky and worried about a repetition of the Largo 
disaster, but GENOM doesn't normally use a sledgehammer when a regular one 
would do.  Nor would they give us back the satellites minus the weaponry.  
It's almost like they wanted to taunt us."  The general pounded his desk with 
his fist.  "Or wanted to see if World War III would break out once the main 
line of defense against the nukes was gone.  That's what I'm afraid of...that 
some lunatic group of terrorists SOMEHOW pulled this off and hopes to 
provoke the big one."

       "Well, we're not picking up broadcasts of 'Mars needs women' so at 
least this probably doesn't presage alien invasion."

       "I'd almost be ready to believe it."  

**********

     Leon and Daley cruised across town, heading for another crime site.  "I 
can't believe you were late today, what with internal security breathing down 
our necks the way they are."

      Leon shrugged.  "My record is flawless, I haven't done anything wrong, 
and I'm not the top-ranked patrol officer for nothing.  The Internal Security 
Agent didn't like me, but I think I'll be okay."  He grinned.  "Besides, I
had 
much more important business."

       "Recovering from an upset stomach again?  Passed out drunk in an 
alleyway?  Kidnapped by aliens and forced into a weight loss clinic for your 
ego?"  Daley speculated, grinning.

       "Two years of work finally paid off."  Leon roared down an exit from 
the highway.  

       Daley blinked.  "What have you been working on for...oh."

       Leon laughed.  "The hard part is gonna be 'meeting the family', so to 
speak."

       "What family?  I thought Priss' folks were dead."

      "I can't really talk about it, but I'm just worried that getting Priss 
to admit her feelings is gonna turn out to be the EASY part of this 
relationship."

      "Well, I'm still available if things don't work out,"  Daley said, 
trying not to laugh.

      "Good to know I have choices.  "  Leon pulled into the Planetarium 
parking lot.  Time to go to work.

**********

      "Ahh, rumors of your demise were greatly exaggerated, I see,"  Asuma 
Shinohara commented upon meeting Kate Madigan for the first time.

        "I am rather more cybernetic than before,"  she replied, though she 
looked fully human in her well-tailored suit.  "GENOM provides top-notch 
medical care.  I would likely be dead, had I worked for any lesser 
corporation."  Her tone made it clear which corporation in particular she was 
speaking of.

       Asuma ignored the snub.  "Our workers typically are never injured by 
rampaging boomers manufactured by your corporation, so we've never had to 
put much effort into fixing the sort of damage that can result."  All right,
he 
didn't really ignore it.  "How may I help you, Miss Madigan?"

      "That's Ms. Madigan, thank you."

      "You're welcome."  He sat and waited for her to explain her business.

      "I understand that your corporation still manufactures Ingrams and
parts 
for the above?"

      "Ahh, has GENOM decided to finally invest in a security system that 
doesn't go on rampages?"

      Madigan blinked.  "What?"  

      "Yes, we do continue to manufacture them.  Most of our purchasers are
in 
the smaller, poorer nations who can't afford more sophisticated systems.  
Also, there's a collector's market, of all things."  He laughed faintly.  
"Given that the Ingram possesses no built-in weaponry in the standard 
models,  they're actually legal for personal ownership in some nations.  In 
fact,  they're being used for construction in Ghana as we speak.  They have 
several advantages over boomers, after all."

       "Really?  I can't think of a single one."

       "I'm sure you're not paid to think...of disadvantages, of course.  The 
number one advantage is quite simple.  Ingrams never do anything you don't 
tell them to do.  They don't go mad and rampage through suburban areas with 
chainguns.  They don't steal laser satellite control codes and vaporize our 
facilities.  An Ingram is a reliable tool as long as you don't skimp on 
maintenance and have competent pilots.  We've also been largely free of the 
sort of terrorist activity that plagues GENOM.  You'd think every terrorist
on 
Earth did nothing but steal experimental combat cyberdroids and turn them 
loose in Tokyo.  What was it last time, the Wombat Liberation Army?  We, on 
the other hand, have never lost a single Ingram to terrorists."  He smiled, 
trying to think of further ways to dig in a few jabs.

       "Oh really?  We have reason to believe that several Ingrams have gone 
missing from your warehouses recently."  

      "They were sold to the Citusi in Africa.  They won't be rampaging 
through downtown Tokyo anytime soon, so you can rest in peace that your car 
won't be blown into a fine mist by anything but your own company's 
manufactures.  I'd ask how you even learned of this shipment, but I'm sure 
you won't tell me.  Someone no doubt is operating on multiple payrolls.  
Would you like to drop some veiled threats now, or are we done?"

      Kate got up.  "I believe my questions have been as satisfactorily 
answered as they are likely to be."  She headed for the door.  "I understand 
your wife was a noted Ingram pilot?"

     "The best that ever was.  We both served in SV2 for thirty years.  In 
fact, she still has Alphonse in her restaurant."

      Kate blinked.  "A fully operational Ingram in her restaurant?  How did 
she get that one past the government?"

      "The fact that it can't run around killing people by itself no doubt 
helped.  A former prime minister would be pushing up daisies if not for Noa 
and Alphonse.  Sometimes, heroism is rewarded."  He smiled balefully at her.

       She nodded.  As she left, Asuma said, "One final question."

       She stuck her head back in the doorway.  "Yes?"

       "I don't suppose you know why your boss dresses like a pimp, do you?"

       Not suprisingly, she wouldn't dignify that with an answer.

       He smiled.  I shouldn't have done that.  I should have been polite.  
Father would have been excruciatingly polite.  But dammit, it felt good, he 
thought.  He could almost hear Noa laughing inside his head.  She'll get a 
good laugh out of this tonight, he thought.

**********

      Leon and Daley checked out the murder site.  It was a planetarium and 
the machine operator was dead with a large hunk of machinery wrapped 
around and imbedded in his head.  "So what makes you think this was a boomer
crime and not an ordinary murder?"  Daley asked the planetarium manager.

      "Excuse me, but how on God's green earth could anyone but a boomer rip 
the machinery out of the ground and wrap it around someone's head?"  the 
manager replied, irritated.

      "No witnesses, though?"  Daley asked as Leon looked around the small 
planetarium.

      "I heard someone shouting about Mars.  I came to investigate, and
someone was running out the door on the far side of the auditorium.  Mr.
Taiho was already dead by that point."

      Leon's head snapped around.  "Mars?  A Sailor Mars, maybe?"

      The man thought for a moment.  "Yeah."  He paused.  "How did you know 
that?"

       Leon sighed.  "Previous investigation.  This person won't bother you 
again."

       "How can you be so sure?"

       "Well for one thing, criminals usually don't really return to the
scene 
of the crime, especially boomers.  Secondly, this person is looking for 
something, and they won't find her here."

       Daley raised an eyebrow.  "You know something you're not telling me?"

       Leon laughed.  "A little faerie gave me a few hints.  Soon as we
finish 
here, we get to talk to my other pixie friend."  It didn't take long to 
finish.

**********

      "Oh, Nene's not in today.  This is her day off,"  Naoko told Leon.  

      "Blast it.  I need a computer search on something."

      "Why can't you do it yourself?"

      Leon smiled faintly.  "Nene's got the special touch."

      "Hey, I thought I had the special touch,"  Daley said, a smile on his 
lips.

      Leon laughed.  "Not that kind of special touch."

**********

     The day blurred by in a haze of classes for Linna.  Over the years, it 
had gotten easier and easier for her to just disconnect her mind and teach
her 
classes by instinct alone.  She spent most of that time thinking about things 
ranging from soap operas to deep philosophy to what she would cook for 
dinner.   Thus, she didn't realize Nene was in her class today until it was
over 
and Nene came over to her.  

       Linna blinked.  "Hi, Nene.  What brings you here?"

       "Ryu had to do homework, so I came here to get my workout."

       Linna blinked.  Nene?  Workout?  In the same sentence?  I guess she
has 
been trying harder to get in shape.  She took an assessing look at Nene.  She 
had a long way to go, but it was working.  Nene looked better than Linna had 
ever seen her looking before.  "Good for you.  Wanna come grab some dinner 
with me?  I'm hungry and I feel too lazy to cook."

      Nene nodded.  "Sure!"  They both grabbed their stuff and got ready to 
go, when a man appeared in the door, dressed in a suit, with curly blonde
hair 
and darkish skin.

      "Robert!"  Linna said.  "Hey, Nene, this is Robert Bruce, who I've told 
you about."

      Robert smiled.  "Ahh, Nene Romanova.  So where's your crown?"

      She laughed.  "It's at the cleaners along with my royal garb, so I had 
to dress as a peasant."

      Linna swept over to Robert and glomped onto his arm.  "You want to join 
us for dinner?"

      "Sure.  I was just on my way to see if you wanted to come eat with me.  
I think I can cover her royal highness as well."

      Nene laughed.  I like this guy.  He looks like Mihoshi, she thought.  I 
hope he's not as klutzy as her, though.

**********

       Leon walked down the hallway towards his apartment.  As he reached for 
the doorknob, he heard muffled voices inside and noticed the door was
slightly 
ajar.  He frowned.  Great, a burglar.  He drew his gun, then realized there 
was some sort of odd smell in the hallway, somewhat like what a spice factory 
might smell like if it spontaneously combusted.  He kicked the door open and 
moved in, gun ready.  

        The smell was even stronger inside.  He heard voices in the kitchen, 
then as he moved into the room, he spotted Priss and Usagi in the kitchen.   
He laughed and put down his gun as they stared at him.  He stared back, 
because there were two very unusual things about Priss.  One, she was 
wearing an apron.  Secondly, there were interesting stains all over Priss, 
Usagi, and the kitchen.  Priss was caught in the act of trying to clean up
the 
mess while Usagi was cooking.  She put a hand behind her head and laughed 
nervously.  "Uh, hi, Leon."

       Leon strode over.  "I...uh...what happened?"

       "Priss asked me to help her cook a nice meal for the two of you, but 
things got somewhat out of hand."

       Leon noticed the carrot driven through the ceiling.  "Did you 
accidentally add nitroglycerine to it?"

      "I was not as clear in my instructions as I should have been,"  Usagi 
said.

      Priss frowned faintly.  Actually I screwed up bad, but thanks for 
covering for me, Usagi-chan, she thought.  "I'll get this all cleaned up, 
Leon.  Oh, I've got some good news for you."

      "You won 50 million yen in the lottery and you're going to give it all 
to me?"

      "Better."

      "You inherited a controlling interest in GENOM and you're going to turn 
it into a toy manufacturing company?"

      "The Big Cheese is ready to answer your questions, so to speak."

      "When and where?"

      Usagi went back to working on the food, concluding that she had no idea 
what they were talking about.  

      "Later tonight, if you want.  She'll be playing with her new toys at 
home all night, I suspect."

      Leon laughed.  "Well, I'm going to take a shower, then I'll help you 
finish cleaning this up."  He took a look at the food.  "Wow, this looks 
pretty good."

       Priss laughed.  "Usagi's a much better cook than I am."

       "You're better than you think, Priss-chan."  Usagi said.  "But feel 
free to ask me for help whenever you like."

       Priss looked around at the food.  "Actually, I think we've made too 
much.  You and Mamoru want to eat with us?"

       "Sure.  I'm not going to have time to cook dinner before Mamo-chan
gets 
home, anyway."

       "Sorry about that."  

       "No need to apologize.  I was glad to help.  Just be glad you asked
me, 
and not my friend Minako.  She STILL can't cook to save her life after all 
these years.  Her husband had to get a flame-retardant ceiling for their 
kitchen."

       Everyone got a good laugh out of that.

**********

      Leon walked into the Silky Doll nervously.  Leon had overcome most of 
his fears a long time ago.  Even going up against the DD Battlemover hadn't 
made him this nervous and it had a nuke in it.  I feel like I'm walking into
a 
Mafia don's office, he thought.  Like I'm about to be given an offer I can't 
refuse.  

        The main thing that kept him going was that Priss was with him, 
watching him, and he would die before he admitted he was scared of her 
friends.   His mind knew he had no reason to be afraid, but he was scared 
anyway.  

        Celia was waiting for them.  She locked the door as they entered.  
"Follow me."

      Leon followed quietly.  They headed into the back and got into the 
freight elevator.  Celia was silent as the elevator rose, as was Priss.  Leon 
tried not to think about all the times he had seen the Sabers blow off 
something's head.  Trying to not think about something is one of the hardest 
of all possible acts, and he wasn't having much success.  Finally, he broke 
the silence.  "So, do I have to get tattooed or what?"

      Priss laughed.  "Yeah.  We were thinking a nice brown cow would look 
good on you."

      Celia kept her composure, with effort.  "We're not the Yakuza.  For one 
thing, if you mess up, we cut off your leg, not a finger."

      Leon laughed.  "I guess that would be a strong incentive not to make
any 
mistakes."

      The elevator arrived.  They walked through a short maze of hallways and 
out into a patio with a swimming pool.  Celia nodded at Priss, who grinned.  
They began to circle the pool.  "The first step is your formal
initiation."

      "Do I have to swear an oath or what?"

      Priss grinned.  "We decided a baptism would be appropriate."  Before 
Leon could react, she and Celia picked up Leon and hurled him into the pool.  
Leon had rarely been more surprised in his entire life.  He floundered like a 
drowning cabbit.  "You did take the mechanical shark out of the pool, right, 
Celia?"

       Leon got out of the pool faster than most people would have believed 
possible.

**********

     Ryouko floated about fifty feet over the alleyway, holding the punk by
his 
jacket.  "You sure you don't want to tell me all about your friends?"

      The punk began to cry.  "Oh god, you're a fucking boomer, I'm dead, 
you're gonna rip my head off, oh God, please..."

      "Stop whining or I'll feed you to my ship."  

      "Yu...Yes, ma'am."  the punk tried to pull himself together.

      "So what does this Adam guy look like?"

      "Tall, long brown hair, usually wears sun glasses.  Perfect body, the 
sort you'd have to work out for ages to get.  Usually wears nice suits.  I 
haven't seen him in a while, though."

      Ryouko smiled.  "And if you wanted to find him?"

      The punk told her.  Ryouko flew down and dumped him in a pile of
garbage.  
"Don't let me see you again."

       "Yes, ma'am!"  He ran for his life.

**********

     Manami finished off her homework just before there was a knock on her 
door.  She got up and changed the music in the stereo so that it was now 
playing soft classical music instead of Priss and the Replicants.  "Come in."

     Meylia walked in, dressed in a long blue dress.  "How are you this 
evening?"

     "Done with homework.  Waiting for Mom to show up."

     "She's talking with your father and Ryouko.  She'll be here in a little 
while."  Meylia looked around the room.  "Are you dating anyone, Manami-
chan?"

      Manami sighed.  "Unlike my brother, I haven't found a handy prince."

      Meylia smiled.  "Well, if you don't mind someone playing matchmaker, I 
know a handy prince who is looking to go on a date with someone."

       Manami blinked.  "..."

       "You might want to hide those heavy metal CDs, by the way, dear,
before 
your mother gets here,"  Meylia said, looking at Manami's record collection.

       Manami blushed and did so.

**********

     Leon looked at the hardsuits, seeing them up close for the first time.  
"How do you get the parts for these without GENOM finding out?  I mean, you 
can't exactly go down to the shop and just whip them up, can you?"

      "I employ a very discreet black market lab in Europe.  They bought up a 
large amount of equipment after SCHAFT, Fogg Industries, and Verne Robotics 
collapsed in the 2020s in the face of competition from GENOM.  It's 
expensive, but it keeps anyone from finding out where my suits come from.  
Also, some of the parts are manufactured by US Robots and Mechanical Men.  
Dr. Calvin's research was important to the development of the Motoroids.  I 
only wish my father had paid more attention to it."  Celia led Leon over to
the 
testing room.  "And this is our 'danger room'."

      Leon nodded.  "Similar to what we now have at ADPolice HQ, but much 
better, I suspect."

      "Nene doesn't do any better in ours than yours, either, I bet,"  Priss 
said.

      Leon sighed.  "So did you recruit her because she is an ADPolice 
officer, or did she join the ADPolice to help you?"

      "Some of both.   Nene-chan sees herself very much as a knight in
shining 
armor, sometimes.  She stays in the ADPolice because it's a way to help 
people,"  Celia said.  "And it also helps us in our mission."

       "What about Andrea and Mihoshi?  They work for you too?  Is the Queen 
of Swords connected to you guys?"

       Celia took a deep breath.  "She's my grandmother."  It got even more 
mind-blowing for Leon from there on out.
  
**********

      Nene munched on her dinner, wondering if Linna's new boyfriend really 
had bottomless pockets, or if he was just trying to show off.  They were 
eating at the 'Heian Era', a theme restaurant that created the illusion of 
being in twelfth century Japan.  The food was very traditional and very good.
 
It also was very expensive.  Of course, with her Knight Sabre earnings, Nene 
could have easily afforded it, but it still cost a lot.  

       "So you work for the ADPolice, Nene?"  Robert asked.

       Nene nodded.  "Making the streets safe for humanity.  Mostly, I work
in 
the office, though.  Computers, communications, doing people's paperwork.  
Except when I get sent on traffic duty."

     Robert blinked.  "The ADPolice does traffic duty?"

      "Not when we can help it."

       "So how many tickets did you give Priss this month?"  Linna asked.

       Nene laughed.  "Only one.  She really hates it when I do that."

       More pleasant conversation followed, only to be interrupted by the 
sound of screaming.  Nearby, a huge freaky looking woman in a pro-
wrestler's outfit was busily throttling some unfortunate businesswoman with 
long black hair.  The freak was bellowing something loud and incoherent.  

       Robert groaned.  "Great.  Here goes dinner."

       Nene got her gun out of her purse.  "Linna, call the police. 
Depending 
on if this is just a nut or worse, I'll probably need backup."

       Linna got her cellular phone and dialed.  Nene moved closer to the nut 
and leveled her gun.  "Freeze, ADPolice!"

       The attack had people worried, the news that the ADPolice were on the 
scene incited mass panic, unfortunately.  People began screaming and running 
for exits.  Nene sighed.

       The wrestler tossed the woman aside and stared at Nene with a bizarre 
confused expression on her face.  She mouthed something, then moved a little 
closer to Nene.

       "One step closer and I shoot!"  Too bad I can't use my new armor, Nene 
thought.  Please let this just be a nutcase and not a C-53 or something.  

       The woman picked up a table and threw it at Nene, who dodged 
desperately.  Linna, meanwhile, got through to the police and started 
reporting what was going on, while Robert hid under the table with her.

      The woman looked around and spotted Linna and started heading towards 
her.  Nene got back up.  "HALT!"

      The woman ignored her.  Linna was busy on the phone and didn't notice.  
Robert DID notice and tried to get her attention.  "Linna."

       "Just a minute."  she replied.  "Anyway, officer, Officer Romanova is 
here, she needs backup and..."

        "LINNA!"

        "Just a MINUTE!"

       "Linna, she's coming for us!"  Robert started dragging Linna away.

       The wrestler sped up.  Nene opened fire.  Three 9mm slugs struck the 
wrestler, flattening themselves on her skin and punching tiny holes in her 
tacky uniform.  The woman howled and her form began to shift and flow.  She 
grew larger and her hair became more wild than before.  Her physique was 
grotesquely huge.  Nene swore mentally.  AAAAAA, IT IS A BOOMER, she 
thought.   The wrestler turned and grinned at Nene.  "You stink."  She
charged 
forward.  

      Robert dragged Linna out into the foyer as she finished her call.  
Dammit, I need to call Celia, she thought, but I can't do that with Robert 
watching.  He handed her his car keys.  "Go get the car running.  I have to
go 
to the bathroom."  He sprinted off.

      Linna laughed faintly and ran to the parking garage, calling Celia
along 
the way.

      Nene ran for her life.  Luckily, she was far more nimble than the giant 
wrestler.  Unluckily, she had run the wrong way and it was between her and 
the exit.  As it chased her into a corner, she realized that everyone had
fled.  
"Hah!  Now I've got you just where I want you!"

       The giant wrestler looked up, perhaps expecting something to fall on 
her head.  

       Nene shouted, "SUMMON ARMOR!" and transformed, realizing as she did 
so that Wasyuu had reset the armor again so that she was once again totally 
naked in the middle of the transformation.  I'm gonna have to talk to that 
woman, she thought.  

        The wrestler spoke one word after simply standing and watching the 
transformation, almost as if she had expected it.  "Moon?"

        Nene blinked.  Moon?  What does the moon have to do with anything?  
She activated her ECM to cut off the "boomer"'s communications, assuming it 
was one, and called up Celia on the radio.  "Did Linna get through to you?"

       "We're on the way."  was the reply.

       The wrestler charged forward and Nene leapt over its head and landed 
behind it, then tried kicking it in the back.  She still wasn't sure if it
was 
a boomer or what.  Boomers sometimes ripped out of their skin, but they 
didn't normally just get bigger without ripping out.  Also, her sensors were 
giving her weird readings.  It didn't have a heat pattern like a boomer or
like 
a real human being.  In fact, it didn't show up on Infrared at all.  No 
electrical or magnetic fields either, so it seemed unlikely to be any kind of 
boomer, but human beings have body heat and don't get huge.  Nene was 
confused, to say the least.

        The wrestler didn't even notice the kick as far as Nene could tell.  
She spun and slugged Nene, who went flying across the restaurant into a 
miniature pagoda, leveling it.  This thing can't be human, Nene thought, 
peeling herself out of the pagoda.  The wrestler laughed.

         No point in not using these, then, Nene thought, opening fire with 
her lasers.  The wrestler ran from the laser barrage after Nene blew off her 
left arm.  She didn't bleed, though there was a bit of a purplish glow around 
the wound.  Apparently, this was enough for her as she crashed through a wall 
and fled.  The building then began to collapse on Nene, who discovered her 
lasers had been a little too effective.  By the time she managed to peel 
herself out of the rubble, the wrestler was gone and the ADPolice were 
arriving.  Nene quickly concealed herself and transformed back.

       Lt.  Shinohara approached Nene.  "So the cyberpsycho took off?"

       "After tangling with one of the Knight Sabers."  Nene spotted the
Silky 
Doll van driving up nearby and smiled faintly.  Wow, the ADPolice actually 
beat us to the site for once.  

        Lt. Shinohara looked around.  "Wow, the whole building is leveled.  
I'm impressed.  So is the woman dead in there or what?"

       "I don't think it was just a cyberpsycho.  Maybe some kind of funky 
experimental boomer.  It got bigger, but didn't actually burst out its skin.  
On the other hand, it relied entirely on hand to hand.  No energy weapons or 
guns or anything as far as I could tell."

        Lt.  Shinohara frowned.  "Maybe a cyberpsycho with some kind of 
holograph projector or something..."  She sounded dubious about her own 
statement.

       "She was strong enough to hurl a Knight Saber across the room, but not 
apparently strong enough to hurt her very much as far as I could tell."

      Leon walked up, apparently from nowhere.  "Yo, Nene-chan.  What's up?"

      "Homocidal crazed wrestler."

      Leon frowned.  "Looking for someone named 'Sailor Mars'?"

      Lt. Shinohara turned to Leon.  "You think you know who the perp is?"

      He nodded.  "C'mon, Nene.  I need your brain."  He grabbed Nene and 
dragged her off.  "Let me know if you find anything interesting, Lt. 
Shinohara."

       Shinohara nodded.  
      
**********

      Nene and Leon sat by Celia's computer system.  "See what you can find 
for me about 'Sailor Mars'."

      Nene nodded.  "What's his first name?"

       "Not a sailor named Mars.  Sailor Mars, as in the Sailor Warrior."

       "Haven't they been missing and presumed dead for thirty years--if
they ever existed?"

       "There's a killer out there who doesn't agree with you."

       Priss, lurking nearby, said, "Sailor Mars.  She's not dead.  Just 
asleep."

       "Asleep?"  Nene asked.

       "She and the others lost their memories thirty years ago.  I have to 
find them and get them their memories back."

       Nene thought for a moment.  "Was there a Sailor Moon?"

       Priss smiled.  "Yes."

       "Ahh, that explains that,"  Nene said enigmatically.  "Any idea why 
this crazed wrestler is after Sailor Mars?"

       "Wants a rematch, maybe.  No clue."

       Nene searched the computer records as best she could.  Unfortunately,
a 
lot of the records didn't go back far enough.  "Hmm.  Here's an interesting 
case.  This nutcase back in 2031 was keeping a harem of sexaroids built to 
look like the Sailor Senshi.  He lived up on Space Station Trinity."

       "How did he know what they looked like?"  Priss asked.

       "Apparently he got ahold of footage of them in combat that someone had 
filmed way back in the nineties, plus he had tons of old Sailor V episodes
and 
whatnot.  The case was never satisfactorily resolved, but somehow he got 
vaporized with a plasma weapon or something capable of massively charring 
him to a crisp.  It was suspected that the sexaroids were responsible as they 
all vanished between the last time the guy was seen alive and when his body 
was found.  However, the sexaroids were NEVER caught."

        Leon blinked.  "This happened on a space station and they couldn't 
find the sexaroids?"

        Nene nodded.  "This guy was a high ranking SPDC executive, too.  SPDC 
cooperated fully in the investigation.  According to the report, there was 
basically no way the sexaroids could have escaped unless they leaped out an 
airlock, flapped their arms and flew to another station, the moon, or the 
earth."

       Leon frowned.  "Someone had to have smuggled them out."

       "Anyway, here's a pic of the 'Sailor Mars' sexaroid."  The picture 
resembled a young girl, perhaps around sixteen to eighteen, with long black 
hair, brown eyes, and a slightly pronounced nose.  She had an almost noble 
look to her.

       Priss stared at the picture.  "She looks kinda familiar."

       "Run a driver's license and criminal record check with those pictures, 
Nene."  Leon said.

       This took a while.  Finally, the results came in.  Nene blinked. 
"This 
is funky as all get out.  Two seperate people.  Matches 1999 Driver's License 
pic for one Hino Rei, and a 2032 pic for Rachel Yamazaki."

       "Check for most recent Driver's License pic for Hino Rei and anything 
else you can find.  Any data on this Yamazaki person?"

       Priss said, "Hey, that's Linna's family name."

       "Hmm.  She can't drive worth a flip.  She's gotten twenty speeding 
tickets and fifteen parking violations in the last two years.  Her license is 
currently suspended.  She's paid her taxes on time, yearly income of 
3,000,000 yen a year.  This is Yamazaki by the way.  Here's the address."

       Priss thought for a moment.  "If you could find this person, why
didn't 
the investigators track her down?"

       "There's no record of this Rachel Yamazaki before 2032, and the 
investigation closed in 2031.  Ahh, here's stuff on Hino.  She's the...Bishop 
of Mega-Tokyo."

       "We can probably rule her out then,"  Priss said.  "Not too likely 
she's an escaped Sexaroid."

       Leon laughed.  "Possibly this 'wrestler' or whatever she is, is
looking 
for the Sailor Mars sexaroid.  It would make more sense than her looking for 
someone who has been completely missing for over thirty years."

       Nene nodded.  "I wonder if the Bishop is the REAL Sailor Mars, then.  
The picture of her that matched the sexaroid pic would have been taken 
around the same time as the footage used to build the sexaroids."  She
scanned 
the oodles of data that her search had found.  "Hino, Rei.  Born April 19, 
1978.  Attended a catholic girls' academy up to middle school, then attended 
Tsunami High School.  Attended Tokyo University, with a degree in music and 
philosophy.  Attended Kyoto Seminary, graduated top of her class.  Moved to 
United States, taught at a Catholic university in Los Angeles.  Released a 
record in 2003.  Joined Sisters of Charity in 2005.  Attended Third Vatican 
Council in 2020, thought to have been instrumental in the decree admitting 
women to the priesthood.  Ordained in 2021.  Became bishop of Mega-Tokyo 
in 2032.  No criminal record, except for six speeding tickets in 1999 and 
twenty four parking violations spaced over the last thirty years in various 
jurisdictions.  Seven published books, twenty journal articles and two 
records."

       "Isn't eleven years a pretty quick time to become a bishop?"  Leon 
asked.

       "Well, in the Russian Orthodox Church, yes."  Nene said.  "I don't
know 
about with the Catholics.  She seems like one of those fast-track brilliant 
kind of people, though.  Here's a music sample from a home page someone did 
of one of her albums."

      It was a wistful piece of music about going on a long journey and
leaving those you love behind because some roads must be walked alone.

      "Not bad,"  Priss said.  "She's got a good singing voice.  Not my kind 
of music, but I can tell talent when I hear it."

       Leon nodded.  "Well, I have some leads now, or at least people to 
warn."

       "I've got someone else you can talk to, Leon, who might be able to
help 
you."

       "A Sailor expert?"

       Priss nodded.  "Assuming Celia can get ahold of Sasami for us."
       
**********

      Haruka sat quietly, staring out the window into the night sky.  He was 
having one of his fits of nameless dread again.  He hated them.  Fear would 
creep down into his soul and grip him with the knowledge that evil stalked
the night and there was nothing he could do about it.  Yet, he felt like he 
should be able to do something about it.  A certain low-lying guilt haunted 
him on these nights, and he hated it.

      He almost jumped out of his skin when he felt his wife's arms wrap 
around him.  He relaxed.  "You should be asleep, dear," he said. 

      She laughed.  "So should you.  Having one of those moods again?"

      "I feel like I'm waiting for the other shoe to drop.  Like our life is 
too perfect and something has to come wreck it.  Like there's something I 
should be doing, I'm not, and I'm going to be punished for following my 
dreams instead of my duty."

       "Your only duty is to me, dear.  Come to bed.  Losing sleep won't 
help."

       "Someone's testing us.  Trying to see how we'll react.  This 
immortality...it can't be an accident, a coincidence.  We're pawns on 
someone's chessboard.  Trying to get us to...to..."

       Michiru kissed Haruka's cheek.  "Don't make me use the frying pan on 
you, dear.  We don't know anything."

       "You've felt it too, haven't you."  It was a statement, not a question.

       "And unlike you, I know better than to fret over things I cannot 
change.  I also know you have a race tomorrow, and if you don't get any sleep 
and blow yourself up in a crash, I'll be very displeased with you."

       "So would I."  Haruka sighed.  Maybe I'll have a prophetic dream or 
something.  No such luck.

**********

     Linna hovered in the sea of dreams.  Tiny spheres whirred about her
now, dancing at her command.  She smiled.  No more being trapped for me,
she thought, now that I know what I'm doing.  She took a deep breath.  I
probably shouldn't be doing this, but Priss asked me to...

      She called up the feeble image in her mind of her target.  If only
I'd actually seen her myself, she thought.  A tiny part of her brain tried
to warn her this could be pretty dangerous, but she ignored it.  As the
image formed in her mind, the 'stars' spun about her, bringing her face to
face with a constellation of stars moving in a tight interlinked pattern.
There was a strange shadow across them...their light seemed dimmed, except
for one, which shone brightly.  She sensed that was the one.

       She called it closer and enlarged it, or perhaps shrank herself.
The shiny surface turned translucent, then transparent.  A woman was
standing in something that resembled an airport, though made of crystal,
with a white haired man.  It looked safe to enter, so she did...

                           ***********

       "Will Hitomi Jordan please come to the white courtesy phone.  Will
Hitomi Jordan please come to the white courtesy phone.  Will..."  A
pleasant female voice echoed through the building, endlessly calling
someone who apparently just wasn't listening or perhaps was rather slow.
Linna looked about, trying to keep herself out of the fabric of the dream
and simply observing.  People bustled about the long crystalline hallway
lined with lounges, chatting, waiting, reading, listening to music,
eating, saying farewell to friends and engaging in many other rituals of
'airport' behavior that Linna was fully familiar with.  

     Indeed, at first Linna thought she was inside a modern day airport.
It had the same feeling, the same sense of the edge of departure.  It took
a few minutes for the alieness of the place to begin to sink in.  The
building was made of pastel colored crystal or glass for the most part.
The clothing styles were unfamiliar, ranging from the archaic to things
that looked like they were designed for a bad science fiction movie.
Several people appeared to be flying with no visible means of support.
The signs were written in a strange script that Linna didn't recognize.
What is this place, she wondered.

       More importantly, Linna couldn't quite figure out who was the
person she was trying to spy on here.  There was a woman nearby who sort
of fit Priss' description:  tall, greenish-black long hair, reddish eyes,
but the woman was wearing perfectly ordinary clothing and appeared to be
walking arm in arm with some white haired guy with glasses, in the middle
of embarrassingly cutesy behavior.  Sufficiently cutesy that Linna
couldn't stand to watch much of it for fear of a sugar overdose.

        I guess she's dreaming about her boyfriend or something, Linna
thought.  But where the heck are we?  Maybe it's symbolic or something.  I
can guess she likes crystals and pastel shades, but...

       The paging stopped and a second voice, this one male said, "Final
call for Flight 205 to Juno City, Callisto, connecting through Barsoom
City, Mars.  Repeat, this is the final call for..."

       Linna blinked.  MARS?  Callisto?  Someone ran by at full tilt
towards one of the lounges.  Linna didn't get a clear view of him, but he
dropped a newspaper at her feet.  She picked it up, intending to call
after him, then remembered she was trying to keep herself from being fully
sucked into this dream.  Besides, if he was in that much of a hurry, he
probably wouldn't want to come back for it anyway.

       She picked up the newspaper, vaguely keeping an eye on her target,
who was now sitting in one of the lounges, waiting for a flight no doubt.
The paper was titled, 'Crystal Tokyo Sentinel'.  The front page headline
story read, "Kzinti-Solar Trade Agreement signed."  The story was
apparently about the signing of a free trade agreement between the 'Solar
Kingdom' and the Kzinti empire, establishing free trade between the two
races.  The content of the story itself was not disturbing so much as the
picture of a blond woman in a long yellow dress shaking hands with a huge
furry cat-man.  Under that was a story on archaeological work in the ruins
of 'New York City'.  

       Linna blinked.  What in God's green earth is going on here?  And
how can I read this if I couldn't read the signs.  She looked up and now
she could read the signs.  Pluto, if that was who it was, was waiting for
a flight to Tranquillity City on the Moon, according to the sign over the
lounge gate.  Linna slowly raised the newspaper and looked at the date on
it.  'Flowers 8, in the fifty-second year of the Crystal Millennium.'
Wait, isn't it supposed to be impossible to read in a dream?, she thought.
Maybe that's why this isn't making any sense.

       She decided to go listen in on the conversation between the woman
and her boyfriend.  "So you think it will finally work right this time?"
she said.

      "Well, I'm largely just adapting their technology to our power
supplies and making a few other modifications to make sure nothing nasty
can seep through," he said.  "Once we finally have a workable
teleportation system, everyone will be able to visit the other worlds.
There just aren't enough people who can teleport more than a few dozen
pounds of stuff at a time, not to mention the range problems and the way
planets move around.  Anyway, enough talk about work."

       Linna blinked.  Teleportation?  Other worlds?  Wait...what if she's
one of these aliens...

       Linna watched a little while longer until the man's flight arrived.
The woman turned and headed back through the 'airport.'  Linna followed
her, curious.  Soon, she emerged from the building into a 'parking lot'.
The lot was full of vehicles ranging from bicycles to strange crystalline
hunks of rock.  All the buildings were made of beautiful crystal
formations and she could see a vast city spreading off to what she guessed
was the south, assuming the sun was still rising in the east, anyway.  She
could hardly believe her eyes.  Suddenly, the world jolted around her...

       Linna was now standing with the woman inside another huge crystal
building.  This one was full of people scuttling hither and yon, all of
them wearing garb that reminded her of the Renaissance.  All of them had a
badge with a golden crescent moon superimposed over the Earth.  The woman
she had been following was dressed in appropriate garb in greens and
reddish purple.  Linna followed her, not sure what else to do.  

       The woman walked into a throne room, a vast cavern of golden and
white crystal with a huge translucent throne that looked carved from
diamond.  A woman was sitting on the throne, snoozing.  There was a golden
crown upon her brow, and she was dressed in a long white strapless dress
decorated with golden crescent moons and rabbits.  She looked to be her
mid-twenties and her hair was done up in two buns with trailing
pony-tails, one on each side of her head.  Smiling at something in her
dream, she mumbled something about tuxedos.  

       The woman Linna was following laughed faintly.  Courtiers flitted
about everywhere, but no one seemed to want to wake up the sleeping queen.  

       The woman spoke.  "Serenity, we have a visitor."

       The woman started awake.  "Just five more...oh, hello, Pluto."  She
turned and looked right at Linna, who started.  "Nice to meet you."

       I...what, she can SEE ME!  Linna thought.  

       Pluto laughed.  "Of course she can.  You actually thought you could
get away with this?  You have much to learn, young one."

       Linna started.  "You...You've been watching me this entire time?"

       "I have been expecting you.  If you could have surprised me, you
might have gotten away with it.  I have not been surprised in a very long
time."  Pluto smiled.  "And you will be staying until I let you go."

      Linna frowned.  Oh great.  A hostage.

      "Not a hostage."

      Linna started.  "You...you read minds?"

      "You're inside my mind and here I am the master.  You can keep no
secrets from me.  I have things to show you.  You wanted to understand
me?  Here's your chance and the message you can bear to your friend."

      Serenity smiled.  "Welcome to the future.  I am Queen Serenity, one
of the two rulers of the Solar Kingdom.  And you are?"

      "Linna Yamazaki."

      Serenity smiled.  "I thought I recognized you.  One of the Knight
Sabres, right?"

      "You...know me?"

      "I am...related to some people you know."  She smiled.  "Like my
sister, Priss Asagiri."

      Linna paused.  Priss' sister is the ruler of...whatever this place
is?  "Uh...what year is this?"

      "By your reckoning, it would be 3053 AD, I think.  Math was never my
strong point, and we're still trying to be sure we've computed how long
the Age of Ice lasted correctly.  We are in roughly the same location as
the GENOM Tower in your time.  This is the city of Crystal Tokyo."

       Pluto bowed to Serenity.  "I have business to attend to."

       "I know.  See you later."  Serenity turned back to her guest.  "You
have quite an interesting future ahead of you."

       Linna tried to assimilate it all.  "I'm in the future?"

       Serenity nodded.  "This is what your world will one day become when
our plans come to fruition.  I'm not sure why Pluto brought you here, but
then it's often hard to tell why Pluto does things.  Other than everything
she does is intended to bring this time to pass, for the good of all."
She sighed.  "Unfortunately, she's never learned to be very diplomatic
about it."

       Linna nodded, remembering what Priss had told her.  "She tried to
tell Priss to stay away from Leon.  So of course, Priss ran straight to
Leon."

       Serenity smiled faintly.  "Indeed.  They have several children
now."

       Linna's jaw almost dropped.  "They...wait, they're still around?"

       "She and Leon have been around for a very, very long time."

       "I...am..."

       "Are you still around?"

       Linna nodded mutely. 

       "Do you REALLY want to know?  I can tell you from personal
experience that knowing your own fate is often not a very pleasant thing.
What if I told you that tomorrow you would wake up and be eaten by a mad
dog?"

       Linna paled.  "I'm going to die tomorrow?"

       Serenity blinked.  "That was an example.  You're NOT going to be
eaten by a mad dog.  But what if I told you something like that?"

       Linna said, "I'd be pretty unhappy."

       "Exactly.  Those who can see the future are often made miserable by
it.  Like poor Pluto.  Imagine if every time you looked at someone, you
knew exactly how they would die."

        Linna shivered.  

        "But enough grimness.  It's about time for dinner, anyway.  Come
with me.  
        
       Linna followed her quietly into a grand dining hall, with several
dozen tables.  Everyone sat down, seemingly knowing their place
instinctively.  Everyone except Linna, that is.  Queen Serenity guided her
to a place right next to Serenity.  The crowd seemed rather surprised and
impressed.  Linna whispered, "Who usually sits here?"

       "My husband.  He's in Africa right now."

       Linna tried to remember her best manners.  It didn't seem to be
working.  She felt rather underdressed, surrounded by lace and satin
finery.  The odd thing was that there didn't seem to be any
servants...where was the food going to come from?

       Serenity bowed her head and everyone fell silent for a few seconds.
As she raised her head, dozens of plates of food appeared on the tables
and everyone started serving themselves.  Linna blinked, then started
serving herself.  "I...how did that happen?" she whispered to Serenity.

      Serenity smiled.  "Teleported from the kitchens."

      Linna starting eating.  The food was exquisite.  On the other hand,
the conversations around her were totally baffling.  It was like walking
into a play in the last five minutes.  Serenity smiled reassuringly at her
and chatted with her in a way that made Linna feel totally relaxed.

      Finally, the meal was over and they headed out onto a balcony.
Linna could see the entire city.  "How did you become Queen?"  She paused.
"You're really Priss' sister?"

      "I'm asleep in your time.  I don't remember who she is...or who I
am.  I ask you to help us, Linna."

      "I...me?  What can I do?"

      "You are a dreamwalker.  You can help Priss find the Silver Crystal
and to understand how to use it.  You can help her to truly see her
heritage and understand it."

      "I...hardly know what I'm doing."

      "Indeed.  I think you've almost forgotten this is a dream."

      Linna started.  She HAD forgotten.  "I...uh...yeah."  She laughed
nervously.  

      "Tsunami can help you.  She is a powerful friend of our line.  You
can trust her.  Perhaps more than you can trust me.  Remember that in a
person's dream, everything you hear is THEIR opinion."

      Linna nodded.  "Hai.  Tsunami taught me that."

      "And this is Pluto's dream."

      The world dissolved away into mist as Linna suddenly realized that
Serenity had said that with Pluto's voice.  That was all Pluto's
dream...what she is working for.  Is it any of it real?  It was such a
beautiful dream...Tsunami.  I'll have to talk to her about this.

      Linna awoke with much to think about.

**********





















May 15, 2021

       Siberia is cold year round.  May just means that you can plant
crops, if you're desperate enough to live there.  It also made the digging
easier for the team of GENOM employees, who had been digging around an old
meteor crater for a week now and wondering what the hell anyone expected
to find.  

       Vladmir Offsky was the head of the dig, and only he knew what they
were looking for, though he had no clue how his bosses had gotten the idea
that such a thing was to be found here.  He didn't care.  Digging in
Siberia was at least different from the usual round of reports and
pointless yammering of consultants.  Having grown up in Siberia, the
weather didn't bother him much.  

       The site was silent in a noisy sort of way, with only the sound of
machines and ocassional grunts by the labor operators breaking the
silence.  One of GENOM's new Labors, the H-5 Digging specialist was being
tested here and the five giant crab like mechs were hard at work.  Five
men could do the work of dozens. 

        One of the mechs raised a giant's handful of dirt and rock, and
within it was a huge metal cylinder covered with strange squiggly writing.
Vladmir blinked.  My God, they were right.  There IS something buried
here.  And I always through the Tunguska Incident was just a meteor... 

***************

Chapter 15:  Desperately Seeking Sailor Mars

**************

      A dark void of nothingness beyond measure or comprehension
surrounded Linna.  She stood upon a flat featureless plane that stretched
out to the edge of forever.  Three hooded and cloaked figures floated in
the air nearby, watching her.  She didn't know where she was or how she
had gotten there, but she knew they had come to pass some sort of
judgment.  "Where am I?"

      "In what sense?"  asked the first figure, who spoke with the voice
of a young girl.  In her hands, she held a short pointed stick and a ball
of tangled wool.  

      Linna wasn't sure how to answer that, so she repeated herself.
"WHERE am I?"

      "In a bed in Mega-Tokyo,"  said the second voice, that of a mature
woman.  She held a pair of crochet hooks.  "I assume you remember your
apartment number?"

      Linna blinked.  "This doesn't look like my...oh, I'm dreaming this."

      "You forget too easily, girl.  It may be your doom if you are not
careful."  The third voice was that of an old woman.  She held a pair of
scissors.  

      "Or the doom of another.  It depends on which proves the greater
fool."  the young girl said.

      Linna had a vague feeling she should recognize these people, but she
couldn't.  Well, if this is a dream, she thought, I might as well get
comfortable.  She concentrated and a huge plush armchair appeared.  She
plopped down in it.  "I don't suppose you could tell me what you are
talking about?"

       "Actually, you were supposed to sleep through this," the oldest
voice said.

      "I am sleeping,"  Linna replied.

      The middle aged woman laughed.  "She's got you there."

      "Oh shut up."  The old woman pouted.

      "I told you it is not so easy to enter the mind of a dreamwalker
unobserved.  Well, to tell you is just as good as what we intended.  We
are the Fates."

      Linna blinked.  "Uh, does this mean I'm dead?"

      "You will probably wish we had told you yes in the days to come,"
the oldest said.  Her voice sounded strange.  

      "..."

      The middle one spoke now.  "Remember us, Linna, dancer and warrior.
We shall come when you call us, but choose the time wisely."  Her voice
too sounded strange.

       Linna stared.  Please let this just be a funky dream, she thought.  

       "For we are the judges of the living and the dead.  Even the Gods
cannot escape the power of fate."  The third voice had shifted as well,
growing deeper.  She sounded more male than female now.

       The oldest one spoke with a voice now definitely male.  "Remember,
Linna Yamazaki, for your time to stand before our tribunal is soon."

       The middle man spoke, "Prepare your case."

       The youngest spoke, "This audience is ended."

       They faded away.  Linna shook.   Do they mean I'm going to die?
Was this a threat?  I don't understand.  I don't WANT to understand.  

***************

       Priss sat alone in her trailer, not because she had to, but because
she chose to.  She had been at Leon's again the previous night, but now
she wanted to be alone for a little while.  It was a very different kind
of alone now, though.  She looked around her disaster area of a home and
heard a tiny voice in her head that she hadn't heard for a very long time,
'Prissie, clean up your room!"  

       She laughed.  Mom was so obsessed with having a clean house.  Maybe
because Grandma was such a total slob.  She got out her well-concealed
photo album.  I haven't looked in this for a long time.  The first picture
in the album was of her and her parents in a fishing boat.  She was five
and holding up the first fish she had ever caught herself, while her
parents struck hokey triumphant poses around her.  She had short hair like
her father in the picture, while her mother bore a strong resemblence to
her current self.  

      I wonder if you'd be proud of me, Mom.  Why didn't you ever tell me
I was adopted?  And why do I look so much like you if I was?  I know...I
know my true past now, but...Priss felt herself beginning to cry and swore
softly.  I guess it doesn't matter.  I love you so much.  I miss you both
terribly.   I wish I could have said goodbye.  I wish you'd never gone
into town.  I wish...

       Priss sighed.  If wishes were bikes, we'd all be bikers, she
thought.  If only I could travel through time for real and not just in a
dream.  Or even see them in a dream.  She paged through the album,
traveling down memory lane.  An image of herself playing softball.  A
picture of her dad trying to cook fish, shrouded in smoke.  A picture of
her posing with her mom on her mom's motorcycle.  A picture of her with
the boy she had a crush on in the fifth grade.  They were both wearing
their little league uniforms.  With a start, she suddenly realized she
couldn't remember his name.  Slowly, she removed the picture from the
album and turned it over.  'Priscilla and Yamato Youta pose after another
triumphant game.'  Priss let her memories carry her away for a few
minutes, remembering the game as it all came back to her.  She had hit a
homerun, sending her, Youta, and Anna around the bases, winning the game
9-7.  How could I ever have forgotten this, she wondered.

       Because you tried to forget everything, that's why, she answered
herself.  The new you found the old you to be a horrible embarrassment,
fishing, laughing, playing baseball, chasing that silly little boy,
singing along to really cheesy pop music records.   You tried to pretend
it never happened so it couldn't hurt you anymore.  The dams she had so
carefully built over the years cracked and shattered, and everything she
had tried to bury rose from its grave to haunt her mind.  All she could do
was cry.

      She didn't know how long she cried for, but it felt like forever.
There was a knock on the door.  She shouted, "Go away and DIE!"

       The voice was muffled and female.  "Priscilla.  Are you okay?
Celia's been trying to call you for an hour, but you haven't been
answering."  Priss recognized the voice, but she couldn't actually put a
name to it.  

       She staggered over and opened the door, her face a tear-stained
mess.  Meylia was standing there, dressed in a outfit that looked borrowed
from Celia, a nice business suit for women.  "Priscilla!  What's wrong?
You look awful."  Her face was wrought with compassion.  

       It was more than Priss could stand.  She wanted to slam the door
and go cry some more, but she couldn't muster the energy to do it.  She
just stood there and cried, babbling incoherently.  Meylia stepped forward
and hugged her, letting Priss cry onto her shoulder.  They stood there for
a long time, and finally Priss pulled herself together enough to say,
"Why can't I ever be happy?"

      "Of course you can be happy.  You looked very happy yesterday."
Meylia's voice was soothing.   She hadn't been a mother for nothing.  

       "But it never lasts.  Something horrible always happens and
everyone dies and I have to go on without them."  Priss mustered the
strength to pull Meylia inside and close the door so at least the whole
world wouldn't be watching.  

       "It happens to everyone, dear.  I had to watch my mother slowly
waste away and die.  I had to watch my father ignore me, ignore everyone
after she died.  I finally ran away from home because I couldn't stand it
anymore.  I went through a lot of hell after that, trying to survive on my
own."  They sat down on Priss' bed, since everything else had junk piled
on it.  

      "I thought it was over.  I found someone I loved and I started over.
We had many good years, but then one day I got hit in the head and when I
woke up, my husband was dead.  My son was dead.  My grandchildren were
missing.   I had no home, no money, no family.  Nothing.  All I had was
the clothing on my back and powers I didn't understand.  My son's own
creations were trying to kill me."  Meylia's voice took on a harder edge.
"I was lost and confused, and when I started to understand a little more
of what was going on, I was angry.  Very angry.  I had days where I wanted
to just fly into Genom Tower, kill everyone in sight and work my way up
through the building until I was wallowing in blood."

       Priss nodded.  "After they killed my boyfriend, I wanted to get
even.  I was going to try and do something like that, but Celia found me
and convinced me to get even another way.  It was like...she...I can
hardly believe she managed to convince me.   I think I just needed someone
else to care.  I was so totally alone and I'd lost the only person who
gave a damn about me."

       Meylia nodded.  She saw the album lying open nearby and suddenly
understood.  "You've been thinking about your childhood, haven't you."

       Priss nodded.  "I was so happy.  I...I think about how I was and I
can't even see how that could be the same person as me.  After my parents
died, I closed myself off.  I've gotten so hard, so violent, so angry.  As
long as how I didn't think about how I used to be, it didn't bug me.  I
liked how I was.  But now...I feel like I've betrayed them.  Like I threw
away their memory and everything they tried to teach me.  I don't know who
I am.  Especially with this Moon Kingdom business."

       "Moon Kingdom business?"

       Priss explained everything as best she could, though it was bit
incoherent at times.  She felt a lot better, though rather drained, by the
time she finished.  "So I'm trying to figure out who I really am and what
it all really means.  I don't feel like a princess, but I am.  I want to
honor my parents and what they wanted me to be, but I'm not like that
anymore.  And then there's Leon...I'm afraid Pluto's going to be right,
but I'm sick of making myself miserable to avoid misery.  I can't do that
anymore."

       "Follow your heart, dear.  Do you love Leon?"

       Priss' voice was very quiet, almost a whisper.  "Yes."

       "Then it doesn't matter what Pluto says.  If you stay away from
him, he could die anyway.  Making yourself miserable to avoid getting hurt
doesn't accomplish anything.  We get hurt no matter what we do.  You can't
avoid pain.  All you can do is find the joys that make life worth living
despite the pain.  Otherwise, you might as well be dead, because that's
the only real escape from pain."

       "I never had the strength to do that, no matter how hard I tried
sometimes.  Like when I had to...to kill Sylvie.  I wanted to die after
that.  It was my old boyfriend all over again."  Priss shuddered and tried to 
fight off the memory.  

       "Did getting even for that satisfy you?"

       "No.  It couldn't bring back Sylvie.  Until...When I saw her
again...I owe Washuu big.  It's like...My deepest shame wiped away.  I had
to kill her to save the city...she begged me to kill her, but I always
felt like I should have been able to save her.  There had to be some way
we could have kept her alive.  And now she's back.  Everything's going so
right, but that's always when something horrible happens in my life.
Every time I'm happy, BOOM."  Priss got up and started pacing around.  "I
hate thinking, because I always end up making myself miserable."

        "I know this is useless advice, but don't bother yourself like
that.  There's no point in fretting just to fret.  Maybe we should go do
something to get your mind off this."

        Priss thought for a moment.  "We could go hunt for that thing Nene
fought last night.  Whatever it is, it's going around hurting innocent
people and I can't stand that."

        Meylia got up.  "Time for the Queen and Knight of Swords to ride
forth to battle, eh?"

       Priss laughed.  "Knight of Swords.   I like that.  Let's go kick
some butt.  That's what I do best."

       The hunt was on.

***************

      Quincy sat and listened to the report.  "In conclusion, whatever it
was, it wasn't one of ours.  However, our agents in US Robots and
Mechanical Men have reported that its capabilities seem similar to those
of their RX-34 model, though clearly it isn't using one of their brains,
unless its sensors are so damaged it can't tell it's dealing with human
beings."  

        The agent was Eve, one of Quincy's best intelligence coordinators.
She was lithe, with short brown hair and a penchant for archaic garb.
Despite her quirks, she was brilliant, and only part of it was due to her
augmented brain.  "My current operating theory is that the same person is
behind it who is behind the other major free agents operating in
Mega-Tokyo:  the Knight Sabres, the Queen of Swords, and that anti-grav
using boomer."

        Quincy raised an eyebrow.  "Anti-grav using boomer?"

       "We've had reports of a woman with spiky hair, either blue, green,
or somewhere in between.  The reports vary.  She possesses some sort of
particle beam generator, an energy sword, and some sort of anti-grav
flight capabilities.  Some of the informants claimed she could pass
through walls, but I find that implausible.  I suppose it could be done
with fusion technology, but not at the kind of speeds they claim.  Given
that the Queen of Swords demonstrates many of the same abilities, there
has to be a link.  Either a common origin or they're both getting armed by
the same person or organization.  The Knight Sabers are the only
organization in Tokyo who might possess such technology that we haven't
ferreted out yet.  I'm surprised we haven't penetrated their organization
by now."

       "The Sabers did not make the Queen of Swords or this other person.
If they were capable of such technology, they would be using it
themselves,"  Quincy said.  "I think gaining this anti-grav technology
should be a priority.  Have boomers ready to scramble should either of
these people be spotted.  So far our researchers haven't been able to
accomplish more than building those stupid gravity cannon, which don't
work any better than a good laser, but use more energy, which was not the
idea."

       "What about the Sabers?"

       "What about them?"

       Eve fell silent at that.

       Quincy turned to Katherine Madigan, who wondered once again why
Quincy did nothing about the Knight Sabers.  It would be so easy, she
thought.  Yet, Quincy does nothing.  Maybe they secretly work for him.
They certainly seem to have taken a part in ending the Hou Bang's efforts
to kill him.  They stopped Largo when they could have let him destroy
GENOM forever.  And yet...they killed Mason and have wrecked several of
our operations.  Maybe that was just Quincy's way of getting rid of
Mason...letting him stick his neck out and get it cut off in a way that no
one could trace back to him.  

        Quincy interrupted her thoughts.  "How was the meeting with Mr.
Shinohara?"

       "He taunted and defied me.  It was a complete waste of time.  I
suppose he's so petulant because GENOM was founded by an ex-employee of
Shinohara Industries.  They could have been us if things had been
different.  As it is, they can't compete effectively with us in anything
except their Military Labor manufactures, which seem to have remarkably
high sale rates in the less developed nations."

       "That's because with all the refining they've done over the years,
an Ingram, a Watson, or a Yama sells for about a quarter the cost of a
boomer.  In addition, they've upgraded the armnaments of their mechs to
include giant hand-gun shaped railguns, which lets people indulge their
macho instincts.  Many people find a certain thrill in being able to carry
a handgun that packs the power of a tank cannon.  There's also a
substantial collector's market for fools with money to burn.  And
Shinohara dominates the market for them absolutely."  Quincy didn't sound 
like he was talking about a rival, but almost as if he was discussing an old 
friend for whom he felt a certain admiration.  

       "Why haven't we been able to undercut them?"

       "Shinohara Industries inspires a great deal of loyalty in its
customers.  Also, the company is run by the husband of the most famous
Police labor pilot in the world."  Quincy's voice faltered oddly.  "How many 
companies can say one of its products, driven by the CEO's wife, prevented an
assassination attempt on the Prime Minister of one of the greatest nations
of the planet?"

       "So do you think this report about the disappearing labors warrants
further investigation?"
       "Yes.   Shinohara Industries doesn't lose labors, no one ever
steals them successfully, and they don't do covert illegal sales.  If
those labors truly went missing, then something funny is going on.  Six
new-model Ingrams with Abotex armor and a vast amount of ammunition are
out there, and they may be a dagger aimed at us."

       "Surely we can handle six Ingrams."

       Quincy frowned.  "Our agents in the USSD recently reported that
every single USSD military satellite was plucked from the sky and dumped
in their parking lot.  With the weaponry gone.   SOMEONE has over 200
laser weapons capable of devastating a ten kilometer radius when deployed
from a sufficient distance, such as from the top of Mount Fuji to
downtown Tokyo.  These weapon systems are also within the lifting
capabilities of say, a new-model Ingram."

       "..."  Kate Madigan stared at Quincy.  "Largo all over again."

       "There is no way that Shinohara Industries could be behind this.
They don't have the resources to somehow steal all the laser satellites,
but they would make a wonderful scapegoat for whoever is behind it."

       "But who is behind this?   None of GENOM's enemies have the
capabilities to steal all those laser satellites.  Not without someone
spotting them."  Eve said.  "SDPC possesses the only space fleet even
vaguely capable of pulling off such a feat without getting stopped, but
they would have been spotted.  Plus, they wouldn't do that."

      "You'd almost think aliens were responsible,"  Kate said.  She
thought for a moment.  "Perhaps someone has somehow duplicated the OMS 
and used it to..."

       "The OMS is not connected to this.  Aliens on the other hand..."

       Kate blinked.  "I was joking, sir."

       "I am not."  He turned to the nearby computer bank and called up a
report.  "Read this."

       Kate could hardly believe it.  Eve was less surprised, but there
were a few surprises for her as well.

**************

       Noa drilled her students.  Bit by bit, they were getting better.
It was about time.  She glanced over and saw Takeo lecturing the
forwards on their duties again.  They were starting to do work as teams
now, with forwards paired to each Ingram.  Unfortunately, the forwards
weren't paying enough attention a lot of the time and it wasn't working so
well.

       Giving her students over to Takeo, she got out of her Ingram and
went to talk to Hiromi.  "When are we going to go pick up the targets for
live ammunition practice?"

       "You want to do that right now?"  Hiromi was relaxing and watching.
The other labor carrier drivers were all professional truckers, so he
didn't have to train anyone.  In fact, he had started a vegetable garden
and spent most of his time at the training grounds tending it.  

       "Sure."  

       They got into the eighteen wheeler that had been used to smuggle
the Ingrams to the site one by one and headed out for the highway.
"You're so lively, Noa.  It just amazes me."

       Noa laughed.  "I never should have retired.  I feel like I'm as
young as those kids.  I love my restaurant, but it's not the same."

       He nodded.  "That's why Ohta stayed in the ADPolice after the
merger."

       "We ought to go visit him!"

       "Sounds good to me."

***************

       Leon and Daley pulled up outside the apartment building.  "I hope
she's home.  We drove a long way to get here and if this is all for
nothing..."  Daley said.

       Leon smiled.  "Don't worry about it.  I've got a good feeling about
this."  They headed upstairs and knocked on the door.

       Rachel Yamazaki answered the door, dressed in a workout outfit.
"Hello?"  A workout tape was playing on her TV.  

       "Hello, Ms. Yamazaki.  I'm officer Leon McNichols from the ADPolice
and this is my partner Daley Wong.  Can you spare a few minutes to talk to
us?"

       "Uh, sure.  Come on in."  She ushered them into the living room.
They could hear shower noises coming from the bathroom.  The apartment 
was a tiny one-bedroom apartment with a combined living room and kitchen, 
plus two closets and a small bathroom.  Rachel gestured to the couch and the
two officers sat down.  "What is this about?"

       "We stumbled across this by accident while investigating another
case, but we believe you might be a potential target for a cyberpsycho
we're trying to track down."  Leon said.

       Daley sighed.  "I'd like to stress POTENTIAL target.  We aren't
sure we've nailed down this nutcase's pattern, but you match one potential
pattern due to your physical appearance.  You bear a strong resemblence to
the urban legendary figure 'Sailor Mars'."

        "If she's an urban legend, how can anyone know what she looks
like?"

        "Unlike Vampires, it appears that they could be photographed, and
someone a few years ago got enough footage to try to make boomer
duplicates of them.  You and several other people match the Mars
template."  Daley watched Rachel to see how she reacted.  She was clearly
nervous, but that could be for a variety of reasons.

       Leon looked around the apartment.  There were three paintings, very
nicely done on the walls, all originals.  One depicted a swan rising from
a lake, one depicted a starry sky over the mountains, and one showed an
angry cow charging towards the observer.  There were also two photos on an
end table.  One showed a woman with long blonde hair holding up a trophy,
the other showed Rachel posing in front of a fitness club, 'The Fitness
Bee'.  There were several other people in the background.  To his
surprise, Leon recognized Linna as one of them.  "You work at the Fitness
Bee?"

       Rachel blinked.  "I guess you did your research.  Yeah.  I've been
working there about a year or so."

       "Do you know a Linna Yamazaki?"

       Rachel laughed.  "Funky coincidence, eh?  No relation at all as far
as we can tell."  She looked at Leon.  "You're not her new boyfriend, are
you?"

       Daley smirked.  "Priss'll kill you if she hears about this."

       "And if she hears about it, I'll know who told her.  Anyway, have
you seen anyone unusual in your neighborhood?  We think the psycho
resembles a female wrestler with multi-colored hair  and possibly some
tattoos."

       "I haven't seen anyone who fits that description."  

       The bathroom door opened and the blond from the picture walked out.
She looked vaguely familiar to Leon, especially in the flesh, though he
couldn't place the face.  She was also buck naked from the waist up,
though she had a towel wrapped around her waist.  "Rachel, I can't find
the ... AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!"  She let out 
an ear piercing shriek that almost knocked Daley out of his chair.  She fled
back into the bathroom.

       Rachel got up.  "Ursula, you bonehead!  Couldn't you hear us
talking out here?"

       "I thought it must be the TV.  Why'd you invite guys over while I'm
taking a shower?"

       "Because they're police officers!"

       Another howl cut through the room.  "I'm really sorry about the
parking tickets!  I'll send a check as soon as my next set of paintings
sell!  PLEASE don't arrest me!"  They could hear her almost crying on the
other side of the door.

       "We're not here about any parking tickets you might have.  We don't
do that sort of thing in the ADPolice, anyway."

       "I swear I'm not a rampaging boomer!  I haven't killed anyone!  I'm
not starting riots, I..."

       Things only degenerated from there.

**************

       Professor Hiyama waited quietly at the airport.  She was waiting
for two people.  The first one was her husband, who had finally gotten out
of all that nasty trouble in Afghanistan.  He stepped into the lobby, as
handsome to her as the day they had first met, though his once blond hair
was now a tousled grey and he sported a beard like his fathers',
though she no longer mentioned it since he always shaved it off whenever
she actually pointed this out.  

       She ran forward and hugged him tightly.  "Welcome home, dear."  

       He smiled.  "Hello, Hikaru-chan.  Trying to break my bones, are
you?"

       "Not as hard as you keep trying.  So what went wrong this time?"

       "You remember Franklin, right?"

       She thought for a moment.  "Which Franklin?  Jessie's son or..."

       "Yeah.  That one.  Well, he was at the conference, but these Thugee
were after him and they hijacked our plane on the way home, then..."

       Hikaru listened to her husband rattle on about his latest
adventure.  Whatever else life was in her household, it was never boring.

**************

       "So what do you think, Daley?"  Leon asked as they drove to their
appointment to see the Bishop.  

       "I think I've seen that Ursula somewhere before."

       "Well, she did win that art award.  Maybe you saw her on the news."

       "Maybe."  Leon zoomed around a corner far too quickly.  "But I
don't think so.  Something was different the other time...It'll come to
me."

       "I think she is the escaped sexaroid.  We looked at pictures of the
other ones.  Ursula might be another escapee.  You and Nene did a real job
getting all that data."

       "Now we just have to figure out how to talk to the Bishop about
this without offending her."  Leon said.

       "Just don't blurt out, 'You look like an escaped sexaroid that a
cyberpsycho might be after', and we'll be fine."

        "And don't mention parking tickets."  They both laughed.

***************

      Priss and Meylia had been cruising around the town on Priss' cycle
for hours.  "You know, we really need a better plan."

      "Well, unless we had an orbital satellite to watch the entire city
at once from or search for the person, we..."

       Priss laughed.  "Let's go pay Sasami a visit."

***************

      Ryouko sat on the roof of Ryu's dorm, looking out at the university.
This brings back memories, she thought.  I spent some of the happiest
years of my life here.  She could see the whole university from atop the
massive, ugly dormitory.  It looked like a brick with windows.  Most of
the campus was beautiful, the result of massive rebuilding after the Kanto
Quake.  Somehow, Ryu's dorm had survived the quake intact and ugly as
ever.  Tenchi had lived here for four years when he went to Tokyo U.  Next
door was Miyaki Hall, which had been rebuilt after the quake, and renamed
after the millionaire wife of a billionaire industrialist.  It still
looked largely the same.  In fact, she could see her and Aeka's old room.
We must have destroyed the interior of our room 2000 times, she thought.
At least once a week.  I wonder if the people living there now have any
idea that beings from another planet lived in the same room as them.  

      I'll go peek, she thought.  I have to see what it looks like.  She
flew over.  No one noticed since they didn't expect there to be flying
people on campus.  Phasing her head through the wall, she spotted Aeka
talking to some college student.  Better move before Aeka spots me.  She
flew around to the window at the end of the hallway and clambered in, then
walked down the hallway and knocked.

       The college student, a young girl with wild light brown hair and
odd blue tattoos on her forehead answered the door.  "Hi!  I take it
you're looking for your old roomate?"

        Ryouko blinked.  "I...uh, how did you guess?"

        "She said you'd be here in just a minute."  The girl let Ryouko
into the room.  Aeka was sitting in a chair, dressed in one of her usual
formal kimonos, laughing faintly.  

       "I see we both had the same idea,"  Aeka said.  

       "Yeah."  Ryouko looked around.  The posters were different, the
carpet had changed, but the room was largely the same.  In fact, the same
corner of the carpet was slightly turned up.

       The girl noticed her glance.  "So you're the one who carved 'R and
T' in a heart in the floor under the carpet over there?"

       Ryouko blushed.  "Yeah."

       Aeka said, "Ahh, defacing school property as usual."

       The girl looked over at the far corner from that one.  "I don't
suppose you're the one who carved 'A and T' in a heart over there in the
other corner, Mrs. Masaki?"

       Ryouko cackled.  "The pot has been caught by the kettle, eh,
Aeka-hime-chan?"

       "I suppose living with you for four years was a corrupting
influence, eh, Ryouko-HIME-chan?"

       Ryouko fumed.  "Don't call me Princess!"

       "Would you prefer your full title?"

       "Oh wow, you two are nobility?"  The girl looked excited.  "Oh,
Mrs. Ryouko, my name is Keiko.  Morisato Keiko."

       Ryouko said, "I'm Hakubi-Masaki Ryouko.  Nice to meet you."  She
looked at Aeka.  "Didn't we know someone named that?"

       "Yeah.  The boy who went to Nekomi Tech.  He was dating that
exchange student, who was really a..."

       "Oh wow, you knew my parents too?"

       "I think so, but I'd expect all their children to be older than you
are."  Aeka said.  "You're not over 20, are you?"

       "Well, I'm the youngest of eight."

       Ryouko visibly boggled.  "Wow.  I think I'd go mad.  One keeps me
busy enough.  Sort of two if you count Manami."

       "She's mine, thank you.  I remember the labor very clearly."

       "How about if I take her and you can have my mother?  Three moms
are more fun than two."  Ryouko said.

       "If my father ever marries your mother, I'm going to hide in
another galaxy."

       "I'll join you."

***************

      "Alright, Maggots!  Let's see some serious shooting this time."
Ohta marched up and down the line of ADPolice desk personnel who Lt.
Yamano had dragooned into more gun practice.  They were getting used to it
by now, actually.  Ohta would never admit it, but some of them were even
starting to get pretty good.  Too much praise would only make you weak,
Ohta knew.  The only way to make compliments mean anything was to be as
sparing as possible.  

       They opened fire.  Ohta marched back and forth.  Ohta was
semi-retired, but he had been happy to come out on Yamano's request and
give the desk staff a refresher course in shooting.  Ohta remembered the
Yoshida incident from last winter and he didn't want anything like that
happening again.  This time, they'd be ready.  If only I'd still had my
Ingram, he thought.  I could have solved the whole situation myself.  I
can't believe they sold them all.  Still, those new battlesuits are pretty
good.  They can't hold a candle to our old Labors, though.  Damn
bureaucrats.

       He paused by one of the better shooters, a young redhead named Nene
Romanova.  He wasn't certain what her normal duties were, though he had
the impression she worked in communications.  Whatever they were, she was
in better shape than a lot of the desk jockeys and her shooting was better
too.  She was up to 320 of a possible 500 points.  "Not bad, Romanova."

        "Well, the last person I shot didn't even notice the bullets, but
I keep trying."

        "You've seen actual combat?"

         Nene stopped shooting because her laughter was throwing off her
aim too much.  "Among other things, I tried to go out to eat last night
and a cyberpsycho wrecked the place.  Then the roof collapsed.  I shot the
woman three times, but the bullets just bounced off, basically."

        "Subdermal armor, no doubt.  I hate that stuff.  Someone looks
perfectly normal, you fill them with lead, they just laugh."

        Nene decided not to ask how many times this had happened to Ohta,
who proceeded to launch into a long anecdote about it anyway.  Her sanity
was only saved by Ohta suddenly falling silent because two huge hands had
closed over his mouth.

        The huge man behind him said, "Guess who."  A middle-aged redhead
with greying hair stood next to both of them, laughing.
      
      Ohta said, "You're dead meat!  That's what!"  He spun around.
"Yamazaki-san!"  Nene recognized the big man now as Linna's uncle.

       "Hi, Yamazaki-san!"  That's not his wife, though, Nene thought.  

       The woman hugged Ohta, who blushed.  "We heard the sound of gunfire
in the street, so we thought you must have dropped by ADPolice
headquarters, Ohta-san."

        "Just teaching these desk jockeys how to shoot, Shinohara-san."
Ohta said.  "I don't suppose you've decided to come back and show them how
to fight too?"  There was a hint of eagerness in his voice.  Back when
Goto had been forced to resign as head of the ADPolice, almost everyone
from the old SV2 who was left had resigned en masse in a show of support
for him.  Ohta had been the only one to stay.  The police force was his life.
Also, he couldn't legally carry a gun if he wasn't a cop.  Still, it had
been very hard for him, and his friends knew he was always still hoping
they'd come back.

        "What, you're getting too fragile to do it yourself?"  Noa teased
Ohta.  Ohta was twenty years older than her, but he was made out of stone.
You'll probably outlive me, she thought.  Assuming you don't get yourself
shot, anyway.  

       Nene looked at the woman again.  Something familiar about that
name...Ahah!  "Are you Lt. Shinohara's mother?"

       Noa nodded.  "Shinohara Noa at your service.  I served in SV2 from
1999 to 2026 and then in the ADPolice for a year."  

        Nene bowed.  "I'm Romanova Nene, communications.  Nice to meet
you!  So you're the one who saved the Prime Minister?"

        Noa smiled.  "Yes.  Oh, and this is..."

        "Yamazaki Hiromi, right?  I know your niece, Linna."

        Hiromi smiled.  "Ah, so you're that Nene.  It's nice to meet you."

        "So where's your wife, Yamazaki-san?"  Ohta asked.  

       "Browbeating the young into line."

        Ohta laughed.  "Romanova-san, go back to your shooting.  Us old
fogies are going to talk for a while.  C'mon.  Shige will want to see you
guys since you dropped by."

        Nene went back to her shooting, and they headed downstairs.

***************

      Priss and Meylia got a few stares as they roared through the upper
class neighborhood.  "Maybe I should go airborne and scout from above,"
Meylia said.

       Priss nodded.  "Good idea."

       They pulled onto a side street and Meylia transformed, going
airborne.  Priss resumed searching the neighborhood where Sasami had
spotted a possible subject.  She roared past a cathedral which looked
oddly out of place in the neighborhood, among other reasons because it
looked to be decades older than the rest of the housing, which was
simultaneously high class and pre-fab.  They all looked hand made in
exactly the same way.  

        There was a parking lot on the other side of it and she spotted
Leon's car.  She turned and roared into the parking lot and drove over to
double check.  Getting out a pen and a scrap of paper, she scribbled,
'Tag, you're it.' on the paper and tucked it into the windshield.  

        Her cellular rang.  "Priss, I see someone heading for the small
house behind that cathedral."

        "Right."  Priss parked her cycle and transformed.  

***************

       Leon and Daley had been beating around the bush for a while, trying
to ask questions without outright asking anything they didn't think would
get a real answer.  It wasn't going too well.

       Bishop Hino was short and dignified, her face and bearing noble,
her hair long and black.  She was dressed in a nice business suit at the
moment and could have easily been mistaken for an average corporate
executive if she had looked less honest.  Whenever she looked at Leon or
Daley, they felt like she was penetrating into their very souls and
ferreting out their innermost secrets.  Her voice had a faint musical
tinge to it, making it easy for them to believe she had recorded musical
albums in her youth.  The hard to believe part was that she was around
sixty years old and looked twenty-five.  She looked like an older,
mature version of Rachel Yamazaki.  She would still make a good idol
singer, Leon thought.  

       "So why exactly did you come to see me?"

       Leon decided to be blunt.  "There's a nutcase running around
attacking people who resemble your basic physical type and we're trying to
both warn people and figure out what this person is up to, exactly."

        There was a disturbance at the front door and the sound of
smashing echoed through the building.  Leon leapt to his feet.  "Oh
great."

        Daley and Leon drew their guns.  "If you know a good place to
hide, you might want to use it."  Leon said.  "Daley, call for backup and
cover the bishop.  I'll check this out."

       The bishop cocked her head and her eyes got big.  "Demon."

       Leon blinked.  "What?"

       Bishop Hino got up from her desk and picked up a long staff with a
hooked end leaning against the wall.  "There is more in heaven and earth
than is dreamed of in your philosophy, officers."

        The wall shattered and a huge crazed woman with multi-colored hair
and a warped, monstrously muscular physique crashed through the wall.  She
charged towards the bishop.  Leon and Daley opened fire on her, but the
bullets were almost as much use as firing tiddlywinks at someone.  They
flattened against her skin and fell to the ground.  "Nene was right,"
Leon said.  "Must be subdermal armor."

        Bishop Hino sighed.  "No, it's a demon.  I suggest you run while
you still can."  She raised the staff and leapt over her desk, moving
towards the creature and began chanting something in Latin.  

        The creature backed up, keeping a wary eye on the staff.  

        "What, you run into demons often?"  Leon asked, reloading for
another round of fire.

        "Not since I left the Sacred Office and became a Bishop."  She
took a swipe at the wrestler, who dodged backwards.  

        Daley took off to call for backup and to try to get better guns
from the car.  Unfortunately, the wrestler spotted him and went after him.
Leon and Bishop Hino chased the wrestler through the rectory.  Daley ran
out through the front door, and the wrestler was about to follow when
someone blocked her.  

        Priss stood in the doorway, sword in hand.  "Give up now,
punk."  Protected as she was by the glamor of the house of Serenity, clad
in her battle garb, Daley didn't recognize her.  The bishop wouldn't have
recognized her in any case.  Leon paused briefly to remind himself not to
call her Priss with anyone watching.

        The wrestler wasn't willing to give up.  "URANUS!"  she bellowed
and lunged at Priss, who stabbed her with the sword while the Bishop
struck her on the back with her staff.  Multi-colored light enveloped them
and the wrestler transformed into a horrid black shadowy beast with a
reddish gem floating in its heart.  She lashed out and sent Priss flying
out into the parking lot.

        Daley ran to the car and got out some heavy rifles for himself and
Leon from the trunk.  Leon ran over to join him, while Priss and the
Bishop faced off with the thing.  Meylia dove down from the sky and boxed
the thing in on a third side.  "What is this thing, anyway?"

        "It's a demon."  Bishop Hino said.  

       Priss said.  "It's TOAST!  That's what it is."  She charged it,
slashing through it with her sword.  However, the shadows simply reformed
behind the swing.  It lashed out, sending her flying again.  

       A few pokes from the bishop only got her tossed aside as well.  The
creature turned to Meylia.  "Jupiter?"

       "I always preferred Venus, myself."  She fired a bolt at the
gemstone, guessing it was important.   It shattered to tiny bits, turning
black and falling to the ground.  The blackness dissolved away with a
final incoherent cry.

        Leon stared.  "What the hell was that?"

        The Bishop turned to him.  "Are you DEAF?  That was a demon."  She
turned to Priss and Meylia.  "I thank you for your assistance."

        Leon suddenly recognized Meylia.  "Hey, the Queen of Swords."

        She turned and looked at Leon, smiling.   "Hello, Officer
McNichol."

       "How did you know my name?"

       Priss laughed.  "Take a wild guess.  Have fun writing this one up,
officers.  I feel the need for food."

       Meylia laughed.  "Are you all right, Ms. Bishop?"

       "My last name is Hino, not Bishop,"  the Bishop said, smiling.
"I'm fine."

       Daley got some gloves and a bag and swept up the remains of the
gem.  "The lab boys are gonna think we're nuts."

       "I'll happily make a statement for you, officers, if you think they
won't believe you."  Bishop Hino said.

       "Thanks."

***************

       Ryouko and Aeka sat on one of the benches on the Quad and watched
students bustle about.  "Looks like some of them overslept,"  Ryouko said,
pointing to two students running at full tilt with half-buttoned shirts.

       "You would be the expert at that."  Aeka observed.

       "Hey, I wasn't late to all my classes!"

       "True.  Every time I dragged you out of bed or threw you out the
window, you usually woke up in time."

      "Hey, I wasn't that bad!"

      "I seem to remember someone with spikey hair sleeping through her
world history final."

      "I thought it was the next day!"
 
      Aeka laughed.  "I seem to remember someone trying to convince her
biology professor that her spaceship ate her biology project.  Perhaps
carrot research was not the ideal choice, ne?"

      "It was the only idea I could think of!  I hate science projects.
Anything really interesting would have been so far past this planet's
capabilities that they wouldn't have understood anything I said.  Also,
even Mom hadn't done a serious carrot research project."  Ryouko sighed.
"But nooooo, Ryo-ohki decided to eat the whole thing.  She even ate my
notes just because they had pictures of carrots.  She didn't get carrots
for a month after that."  

       Aeka could hardly stop laughing.  "I didn't do much better with
that speech on whether or not Japan should invest in space exploration.
When I started talking about the Khunds, the teacher must have thought I
was insane."

       Ryouko got up and struck a pose.  "The fleets of the Khunds are within
thirty light years of this system!  In days they could strike and over run
this world unless we are ready!"  She mimed drawing on the chalkboard.  "I
think the teacher liked you, or maybe he just had a good sense of humor."
The crowds were thinning as the next round of classes began.  "Why did we
ever leave here, Aeka?"

       Aeka blinked.  "Even you managed to graduate."

       Ryouko turned back to Aeka.  "That's not what I meant, and you know
it.  Why'd we ever leave this world?  We had so much fun here."

       "Because after the Alpha Cygni incident back in 2010, Father needed
us.  All my brothers and sisters except Sasami and Youshou died and
Father almost died.  We're the only family he has left and the most likely
heirs to the throne."

        Ryouko sat down again, staring up into the sky.  "That doesn't
explain why I went."

        "Tenchi had to go, and you wouldn't let him go without you."

        "He never asked to be part of all this.  All he ever wanted was a
normal life.  We could have had so much fun..."

        "What's eating you, Ryouko?  This doesn't normally bother you this
much."

        Ryouko sighed.  "I'd forgotten what it was like.  For thousands of
years, I lived day to day like this, not knowing where my next meal was
coming from, not knowing who I'd meet next.  Thousands of years of
adventure and excitement."

        "You were Peter Pan and the universe was Never-Never land."

        "Yeah."  Ryouko pretended she had some idea what Aeka was talking
about.  She had gotten good at this over the years.  "I couldn't be a kid
anymore.  But I miss being a kid.  It was fun.  It was carefree.  No one
ever called me Princess.  That's why I hate being called that.  It's a
reminder that my youth is dead and gone.  This is all bringing back too
many memories and taunting me with the knowledge it can't be like that
again."

        "Then why do you stay?  Why not take off and be free?"

        "Because I can't stand to leave the people I care about anymore.
I seem to been infected with this damn sense of duty.  I have the kids, my
husband, and you to look after.  It's my job to protect you four, and you
all seem to need it a lot."

        Aeka smiled faintly.  "I'll be happy to rescue you next time."
She paused.  "Treasure your memories of freedom, Ryouko.  You had
thousands of years of it; I only had fifteen and I'll always treasure
them.  I learned a lot in a little time."

        "What are you talking about?  You sound like you had been held
prisoner most of your life."

        "I have been.  You know how strict Juraiian etiquette can be.  You
get away with far more than I ever could, especially when I was young.  I
was a slave to my duties.  Everything I did was for the greater good of
the Juraiian Empire and very little of it was anything I really wanted.
The thing I wanted most I never got."  She fell silent.  "That's one
reason I was so desperate to find him.  It was something for me, and I
never got anything for me."

        "Is it really that bad?"  Ryouko asked, then remembered Aeka
asking her the same thing.  "I seem to have gotten some of your sense of
duty over the years."

        Aeka smiled.  "I think I've gotten some of your wildness, your
freedom, your passion over the years.  I always envied you how you could
say exactly what you felt, did what you wanted, indulged yourself.  We
were such total opposites when we met."

       "I'm surprised that Sasami didn't walk off with Tenchi while we
were fighting over him."

       Aeka laughed.  "I figured that out a few years ago and it helped me
understand why Youshou never came back to me."

       Ryouko blinked.  "There's a connection?"

       "Youshou was about as old compared to me as Tenchi was compared to
Sasami.  Well, actually Sasami was older than Tenchi, but you know what I
mean."

       Ryouko nodded.

       "The first impression someone makes on you tends to stick in your
mind.  It can shape how you see that person.  To me, Youshou was this tall
handsome man who I loved, at first almost like a father, then as I grew
older, as someone I wanted to marry.  But to Youshou, I was always his
little sister.  The same for Tenchi and Sasami.  I think he still sees the
little girl when he looks at her.  Tenchi was an only child.  He always
wanted a sister.  That's what Sasami became, regardless of what she might
have wanted."

       "While you and Tenchi, being the 'same age', didn't get into that
kind of relationship."

       Aeka nodded.  "That psychology class really did come in useful,
even if the teacher didn't actually believe anything he was saying.  I
think Father would have freaked even more over Sasami marrying Tenchi 
than me marrying him."

       Ryouko nodded.  "You know, I still don't know what made him finally
decide to let me marry Tenchi.  I know he and Tenchi had a very long talk
that night, but Tenchi claimed he still was refusing to allow it when they
finished talking, even after Tenchi threatened to go back to Earth.  Then
the next day, no explanation, he reversed his position."

        Aeka laughed.  "Do you REALLY want to know?"

        "Of course I want to know!  I don't ask rhetorical questions!"

        Aeka's face got very flat and calm.  "I promised him you'd sleep
with him."

        Ryouko got huge eyes.  "You WHAT?!?!?!?!?!?"

        Aeka fell over, laughing.  "You are SO gullible, Ryouko!  You
actually believe I'd do something that insane?"

        Ryouko fumed.  "What happened to a Princess' word is her bond?"

        "Even a Princess may yank someone's chain every once in a while.
Seriously, what really happened was that I went to him and told him that
if he didn't approve the wedding, I'd run away with Tenchi and never come
back.  And if he tried to marry me to someone else as a punishment, I'd
kill whoever he picked.  If he tried to find another wife for Tenchi, I'd
kill her.  You and I would be Tenchi's wives, or else."  Her voice was
quiet now.  "I think he almost decided to take his chances, but I wouldn't
back down, no matter how loudly he yelled and lectured me about my duty.
I didn't care.  I've always done everything his way, the empire's way.
For once, I was going to do it my way, to follow my heart.  No champions,
no one to fight my battle for me.  I had to do it myself.  I fought and I
won.  I think it's the moment I'm most proud of in my entire life."

       Ryouko thumped Aeka on the back.  "Good for you, girl!  I guess all
those arguments we had made a good warm-up for this, eh?"

       Aeka smiled.  "I just asked myself what you would do in my
situation, then left out the part where you blasted him."

       Ryouko laughed heartily.  "I think you should have left that part
in."  She sobered a little.  "I never knew you did that.  I wish I had
known so I could have thanked you."

       "I owe you more than I could ever repay, Ryouko.  I'd be dead many
times over and lost the man I love if not for you.  Now, if you only
wouldn't leave your clothing all over the floor..."

       "What's the point of having servants if you don't have work for
them to do?"

       "We don't have servants in the hotel room!"

       "Oh, THAT floor."  Ryouko paused.  "What do you think your father is
going to think about Nene?"

       "The forecaster predicts periodic explosions, followed by rantings
about bloodlines and what the Senate will think.  I plan to teach Nene as
much Juraiian etiquette as possible so that she will be able to put on a
good show.  I think I can also use the case of Ryalin IV as a precedent."

      "I think I'll teach Nene how to blow up your father."  They both
laughed.  "I hope she'll be able to adapt.  It's so completely different
from her life here.  She'll be giving up a lot if she sticks this out."

       "Every choice you make forces you to give something up.  We start
with infinite possibilities and one by one, we narrow our choices by the
decisions we make, carving out the story of our life, stroke by stroke,
with everything we do.  She'll gain a lot too, you know.  A longer life
and a universe to explore.  Knowledge beyond her imagining.  Jurai does
have some good things ."

       "Yeah.  Life in the palace has its advantages, and I have to admit
I love doing spy stuff."

       "Just don't set up any more matchmaking sessions with Orandans for
our kids, okay?"

       "How was I supposed to know they were all giant snakes who use
illusions?  The one I met was really cool, and he looked like a Juraiian!
I thought Ryu and Manami might meet someone they liked!  Mom never
emphasized interstellar geography when I was little."

       "The worst part of it was that Mother knew you were messing up and
she let you do it.  She knew all along."

       "She KNEW?  And she let me embarrass myself like that?"

       Aeka smiled.  "She's a lot smarter than she acts.  You know that.
Besides, she thinks Orandans are cute.  She nearly crushed the poor
ambassador to death."

        They reminisced for a very long time.

**************

     The Old Man ruled the ADPolice HQ repair facilities.  He had been
doing mechanical work for the police since the dawn of time as far as
anyone knew.  In 7 years, the ADPolice had gone through four chiefs, but
the Old Man had outlasted them all.  He'd been doing mechanical work for
decades before that.  He could identify any part to anything on sight.  He
could fix a broken K-11 battlesuit with a ball of twine and bubblegum and
have it work better than before.  You couldn't speak without him hearing
you, he was everywhere at once, and he rode them all like a mad dog.  They
feared him, they respected him, and they loved him.  The rest of the
ADPolice never had the equipment they needed;  the Old Man made sure the
mechanics had the most up to date equipment available, even if the stuff
they were fixing wasn't of the same quality.  

       The Old Man was unmarried.  He was married to his job and his
machines.  Thus, the entire staff nearly fainted when a woman walked into
the facilities and hugged him.  Several staff members swore off alcohol on
the spot.  "Hiya, Shige-san."  Noa said.  "We thought we'd come down and
visit you."

       Shige laughed.  "You sure you're not trying to get me to come do a
house call on Alphonse?"

       "He's just fine.  Hiromi and I were driving around town and thought
we'd drop by and see you and Ohta-san."

       The crew continued to stare.  A woman.  Talking to their boss.
They couldn't believe it.  Shige looked around.  "What are you people
staring at?  GO BACK TO WORK!"

       They dove back to work, but the whispering had started.  Shige
smiled faintly.  "Come into my office."

        They adjourned to his office.  Shige pushed a button on his desk,
then closed the door.  "So the chief came to see you too?"  Everyone sat
down.

        Noa blinked.  "I...how did you know?"  

        "You look more alive than I've seen you in years.  It's not that
you were unhappy, but I know you.  You're just not alive unless you're
driving a labor.  That's why I plan to work 'til I drop dead with a wrench
in my hand.  I know you only left to show your support for the chief.  So,
while it's possible you've just been showing off for someone in
Alphonse..."

         Ohta laughed.  "You sure you're not Sherlock Holmes now?  If the
chief needed labor pilots, he would have called me in too, ya know."

         Noa and Hiromi got a little uncomfortable.  They had sort of
assumed that Ohta knew.  On second thought, Noa realized that Ohta would
have been out there every day if he knew.

         Ohta continued.  "I know something is up, though.  The chief and
his wife and some friends of his came to see me the other day.  It was
supposedly a social call, but I'm not dumb.  He told me he suspected there
might be an attack on the ADPolice HQ again, though he wouldn't explain
why.  That's one reason I've been working so hard with those desk jockeys.
That incident with Dr. Miriam showed we were vulnerable because the desk
staff doesn't know how to fight.  I tried to convince the higher ups we
needed more and better mechs, but they wouldn't listen.  I would have been
happy to train the rest of the staff in using them."  His voice was eager.
They could tell that what he really wanted was another chance to go into
action; that he would almost welcome such an attack.

       "They wouldn't do it because they're not nuts, Ohta."  The door
opened and an unexpected voice dominated the room.  "And the chief didn't
tell you anything because he was waiting for your forward to arrive.
Luckily for you, I had some vacation time coming and so did my husband."

       Ohta spun in surprised.  "Kanuka Clancy-san!"

        Kanuka smiled.  She was older now, with grey hair like the others,
but she had kept in fine shape.  "That's Assistant Commissioner Kanuka
McClaine now.  I've been married for twenty years; you ought to
remember it since you came to the wedding, Ohta-san."

       "McClaine is such a goofy sounding name."  Ohta said.  "Clancy was
much better."

       "You'd sing a different tune if you had to put up with all the
jokes and questions about whether you were related to Tom Clancy."  Kanuka
smiled.  "Don't everyone say hello at once."

       Noa ran over and hugged Kanuka.  "Where's your husband?"

       Kanuka laughed.  "Switching hotels.  He's soooo paranoid about
finding the right hotel.  Not to mention wherever we go, we usually end up
changing hotels every few days.  Getting him onto a plane's really hard
too.  He won't go back to the Kennedy Space Center anymore, either."

       Shige laughed.  "I'm surprised you two even try to take vacations
anymore."

       "If I don't get out of New York periodically, I go mad."

       "How could anyone tell?"  Ohta asked.

       Hiromi said quietly, "Don't taunt your forward, Ohta.  You'll
regret it."

       "How is CLAT doing, Kanuka-san?"  Shige asked.

       "Better than you guys, but then US Robots and Mechanical Men
doesn't make half as much trouble as GENOM and Gulf and Bradley is based
in Houston, so the Texas Rangers get to play with their creations instead
of us."

        There was a lot of catching up to be done.

***************

      The chief stared at Leon and Daley.  "All that's left of the killer
is a shattered gemstone?"

      "And some dust, sir."  Daley said, pointing at the other envelope.
"We have a sworn statement from the bishop."

       "What am I supposed to tell the families of those dock workers?"

       "The killer died fighting the police.  Which is what happened."

       "Plus the Queen and Knight of Swords.  What's next, the King and
the Page of Swords?"

       "I suppose Quincy is the King of Coins and Kate Madigan the Queen,"
Daley said.

       Leon laughed.  "Linna must be the Queen of Cups, the way she
drinks."

       "Seriously, this city is starting to crawl with unexplained beings
and events, like that weird outbreak a few weeks ago which we still
haven't solved.  People have been turning up dead in weird ways.  The
Queen of Swords, who must be a boomer, but why GENOM would make a
super-boomer to kill its own boomers, I don't know.  This new person, the
Knight of Swords.  I had two officers report they saw a woman with green
spiky hair leaving the site of a boomer death by phasing through a wall.
Good, honest officers who don't drink on duty or hallucinate.  Rumors of
something strange happening at USSD.  Spies in the force who were admitted
on the recommendation of city leaders.  Rumors that one of the Sailor
Warriors has crawled out of whatever hole they've been in all these years
and is going around smiting evil.  Someone from GENOM was here this
morning inquiring as to what happened to the old Ingrams after they were
phased out in the 2020s.  I can smell a storm coming, gentlemen, and we
make a mighty big lightning rod.  I want answers and I want them now."
Chief Todo was agitated, not with anger, but with concern.

       Leon said, "What did happen to those Ingrams?"

       "Sold to Thailand, I think.  Provided a lot of the cost of this
building, actually."  Chief Todo said.  "The funny thing is that GENOM
could have found that out without bugging me.  I wasn't even in Japan yet
at that point in time.  That was Saito's first action after he replaced
Goto as Chief.  Saito was practically on their payroll.  Everyone thought
GENOM was behind the move...yet, they had to come ask."

       "In other words, someone too new to GENOM to know wanted to know
for some reason."

       "Why would anyone CARE?"  Daley asked.  "Do they even make those
things anymore?"

       "I know where there's one in this city.  There's a restaurant run
by an ex-SV2 officer.  She has one."

       "..."  Daley was surprised.  "A functional Ingram INSIDE the city
limits in the hands of a civilian?"

       Leon nodded.  "You've heard of Izumi Noa, right?"

       "Oh...her."

        The chief laughed faintly.  "She's in the building visiting some
old friends.  Most of her old team resigned when Goto did, back in the
late 2020s.  There's still some of them here, though, like that lunatic
Ohta that Yamano dredged up to teach our desk staff to shoot."

        "What's the point of that anyway?"

       "Having the ADPolice HQ taken over by boomers last Christmas didn't
exactly help our reputation.  It's almost certain to happen again
eventually, especially with all this weird stuff going on.  I'd rather we
be ready."  The chief sighed.  "Anyway, you two go home.  Consider this
case closed, I guess.  I'll let you know if I need you."

        They both headed home.

***************

        Wasyuu finished the final adjustments.  This should work, she
thought.  It had taken her all of ten hours to build this machine, but
THIS time, it WOULD work, she was sure.  She and Ryu took cover behind the
blast shield as extra-cosmic energies surged through the control chamber,
warping the very fabric of space and time around a single flat silvery
disc with a hole in the middle.  

         Finally, a bell pinged and Ryu popped his head up.  "I think
we're done, grandma."

        She nodded.  "Right.  Let's test it out."  Putting on radiation
suits, they entered the chamber and extracted the disc, then inserted it
into a small testing device.  Soon the strains of 'Bob and his Chainsaw'
erupted through the room, sending them both fleeing.

       "You're right.  You really can't record over those damn things."
Wasyuu said.  "What use is a storage media you can't change?"

        "That's gonna make this a lot harder."

        Ryu nodded.  "Wait...could you make a duplicate that LOOKED the
same, but had different sounds stored on it?"

        Wasyuu slapped herself.  "I can't believe I didn't think of that.
You sure she doesn't like Zylcanian Xsither music?"

        "She once got so aggravated with it, she tried to toss the
musician out the window."

       "Right.  Now I just have to find that recording I made once of
Mihoshi singing at a karaoke bar."

       "What ever possessed you to do that?"

       "I realized it made a great burglar deterrent.  They hear that and
they run and never come back."
 
       Ryu couldn't argue with that.

***************

      Priss pulled the motorcycle to a halt, and she and Meylia got off
it.  This was Priss' favorite stretch of beach.  She always went here when
she wanted to think or to have a private conversation with someone.  "Here
we are."

      Meylia stretched.  The shadows were long on the ground; the air was
cooler than in the city.  Waves crashed gently against the shore.  The beach 
was isolated and quiet despite the highway nearby.  "So why do you think that 
thing was after her?"

      "It thought she was Sailor Mars for some reason.  If we knew where
it came from, maybe we could guess."  Priss parked her bike and walked
over to the edge of the sand.  "Some old monster looking for revenge, I
guess.  Maybe she trapped it for thirty years and it just now escaped."

      A voice cut through the stillness.  "It was a droid, created a
thousand years in the future and brought back through time by the Weird
Sisters close to forty years ago.  It was revived by a fool tampering with
powers he doesn't understand."  It was Pluto.  How she had snuck up on
them, Priss had no idea.  

     Meylia blinked and turned to Priss.  "A friend of yours?"

     "No.  Here to spout more enigmatic bullshit at me, Pluto?"

     "The reason it was looking for the bishop is that the bishop IS
Sailor Mars.  She is one of those you must awaken.  Z draws ever closer to
finding the crystal.  You must not delay.  You must find it before he
does, or this city will perish and this world with it."

      Meylia listened quietly, trying to figure out who this person was
and what was going on.

      "I don't know how to get to where it is!"

      "Ask the master of sub-space.  She can open the door, and the
dreamer can guide you to what you seek.  Gather your court, princess, for
you will need them."  Pluto turned and began to walk away.

      "Hey, are you gonna just LEAVE?"

      Pluto smiled.  "I don't think you really want me to stay."

      She passed behind a tree and vanished.

      "Who was that?"

      "I don't suppose you know who the master of sub-space is?"

      "I think Wasyuu calls herself that sometimes."

       "Right.  We have another trip to make."

***************

      Linna sat at the bar and sighed, drinking another beer.  Damn dream,
she thought.  Were those really the fates?  What the hell were they
talking about?  And where the hell is Priss?  I need to tell her what I
found out, but I can't find her anywhere.  Heck, I can't find anyone
except Celia, and she wouldn't know anything about this.  So what am I
doing?  I'm sitting in a trashy bar drinking lousy American beer.  

      She shoved away the beer, paid her bill, got up, and stormed out.
I feel like hopping a train to Hokkaido and hiding for a few weeks, she
thought.  I hate all this pressure.  I'm surrounded by enigmatic
all-powerful beings.  

       The streets flew by.  She didn't know where she was going; she just
went.  It was the best she could do.  No one paid any attention to her.
The streets of Mega-Tokyo are a great place to be anonymous.  However, she
wasn't paying attention to where she was going, either.

       Thus, when she rammed head on into someone, she didn't even realize
what she had done for a few seconds.  Packages flew everywhere, as did a
sheaf of papers in a huge spray of white rain.  Linna started picking
things up.  "I'm sorry.  I wasn't paying attention to where I was going."

      "That's okay.   I wasn't in any hurry, anyway."  The woman's voice
was soft and pleasant.  She had ash-blonde hair in an odd style, a little wavy
with a spiky tuft in front.  More unusual was the blue tattoo on her
forehead and her turban-like headgear.  "Are you okay?  You look like
something is bothering you."

       Linna started.  How could the woman tell?  "Yeah.  I just feel like
my life is out of control."  In a more sane moment, Linna would have asked
herself why she was telling this to a woman she had never met before.
This wasn't a more sane moment, however.

       "Oh, by the way, my name is Belldandy.  Nice to meet you."  

       "Nice to meet you too, I'm Linna."

       "Linna Yamazaki, the dancer and health instructor?"  Belldandy
smiled as she finished picking up her packages.

      "I...you know me?"

      "My eldest daughter goes to your gym."

      Linna laughed.  "It's not exactly MY gym.  I just work there.  How
did you know I used to be a dancer?"

      "I can just look at you and tell.  You move like a dancer.  Thanks
for helping me pick up my packages."

       "You're welcome."

      "Maybe I can treat you to a drink somewhere in thanks?"

      "Sure."  When Linna looked back on this, she would wonder how
exactly she had forgotten that she herself had been responsible for the
packages being knocked down in the first place.

***************

      Leon dropped Daley off at his apartment.  Daley paused in the
doorway of the car.  "Be careful, Leon."

      "Eh, what?"

      "I think the chief is right.  Something funny is up.  Maybe we're
going to have another night of chaos like the Millennial riots.  Maybe
worse.  I've got a really bad feeling about all this."

      "I'll be careful,"  Leon said, trying to soothe Daley's worries.

      "I wish I could believe that.  You're not any better at being
cautious than your girlfriend is.  I don't want to go to your funeral."

      "What's eating you, man?  You're not normally this morbid."  Leon's
usual grin wavered.

      "That thing we fought.  Whatever it was...I wish I'd never seen it.
If it really was a demon, then there's more where that came from...What
good are guns and police departments against supernatural monsters?  If
those things are real, why does everyone think they're imaginary?  Is
there a cover-up?  And who's conducting it?  The government?  Or worse,
the monsters?  They might be..."  he shook his head.  "I really am not
looking forward to going into my apartment.  I feel like something's
waiting for me."  He shook his head.  "I'm really being a goober, eh?"

      "You want me to come up with you?"

      "No.  I'll be fine.  I'm just being an idiot.  I think I'm gonna go
buy a crucifix and have the local temple bless my apartment though."
Daley turned to go.  "Or maybe go find out what else the bishop knows
about demons."

       "She did act like she'd encountered them before."

      "Goodnight, Leon."

      "Goodnight, Daley."  Leon watched Daley until he disappeared into
the building.  I hope he's gonna be okay.

*************

     "So apparently they're going to judge me for something or something.
I dunno.  Maybe I'm going nuts."  Linna finished telling Belldandy about
her dream.  She could hardly believe she had told her about it, but it was
too late now.

      Belldandy frowned.  "The Fates rarely make house calls, and no one
ever likes it when they do.  Are you going to be in a dance contest of
some kind sometime soon?"

      "Not that I'm aware of.  I haven't been in one in a few years."

      "Do you have any enemies?"

      "Living or dead?"

      "Do you have any enemies who dance?"

      "I've never seen any of my enemies dance.  You think this has
something to do with dancing?"

      "They called you two things.  Dancer and warrior.  Warfare doesn't
normally require judges, but a dance contest..."

      "You think the fates will judge a dance contest between me and
someone?"

      "I can't imagine why the Fates would be interested, but it seems
likely."

      "I guess I need to practice."

      Belldandy nodded.  "Also, if you see a woman with something like
this on her forehead,"  she said, drawing a v-shaped symbol on a napkin,
"run as fast as you can and call me.  I don't know if she has anything to
do with this, but..."  She scribbled a number on her napkin.  "You can
usually reach me here."

       "Who would this woman be?"

       "Her name is Marller.  She's a demon."

       A few weeks ago, Linna would have laughed her head off.  She had
now reached the point where she simply quietly accepted this as almost
normal.  "Does she dance?"

       "She can't abide Disco music.  You can drive her off with it.  I
pray you won't have to have a dance contest with her.  She's very good."

       Linna copied down the phone number and started thinking about where
she could buy a disco CD.

**************






















March 28, 2028

      Linna looked at the weapon rack again.  It was full of weapons
she had never seen used.  An ornately carved sword with herons and ravens 
worked into a pattern on the hilt sat next to a fire-blackened bokken, three 
naginatas, two decorated maces, five daggers, a long spear with ravens 
carved onto the blade, and two well made four foot staves on the top of the 
rack.  A long metal staff with a loop on the bottom and a broken off top
stood 
in the back and a pair of hand claws, a length of chain with hooks on each 
end, three egg-shell grenades, a second, plain sword, and a .357 magnum 
sat on the bottom of the rack.  Over the rack, a handmade composite bow and 
a quiver of arrows hung on the wall.  The rack was enclosed in a glass case 
that looked like it hadn't been opened in a long time.

       "Master, why do you keep these weapons if you never use
them?"

      "They are reminders of foes I have defeated, friends I have lost, and
the 
past that is no more.  The bow would be locked in there too, except that I
use 
it for target shooting sometimes."  Master Hiromi sighed and ran her 
fingers through her long grey hair.  "I have not fought using a weapon for 
nearly thirty years now."

      Linna blinked.  "Why not?  Were you too dependent on them?"

      "The person I once was reveled in weapons.  She was a violent
vengeful fool and spilled too much blood.  Then one day, I faced
myself and was horrified."

      "I don't understand."

      Hiromi sat down.  "Let me tell you a story.  Once upon a time in
Tokyo, there was a young girl who loved a boy.  The girl was a
mighty martial artist, and she acknowledged no equal in her skills but him.  
All those who came near the boy tasted her wrath, and those who thwarted 
her were lucky to escape with minor injuries.  She did not understand how 
she seemed to others, for she cared only for him and herself."

       Linna sat down and listened.

       "She was not alone in her love for the boy.  She had to fight for
his love.  In the end, she won.  Her skills grew, as did her pride.
There was another girl, not a rival, but a friend of sorts, the kindest, 
gentlest woman that this girl had ever known.  They had become friends 
despite the girl's bad temper and foolish pride, for the kind girl could see 
beyond her outward flaws and saw the good in the heroine of this story.  
There was a boy who believed he loved the kind girl, but she did not love 
him.  He was persistent beyond measure, and the kind girl was too kind to 
get rid of him.  So our heroine decided to apply her own solution:  she beat 
the crap out of him."

        Linna blinked.  She was sure her master had to be talking
about herself, but she couldn't believe Master Hiromi had ever
beaten anyone who didn't deserve it.

       "He was wroth, but no fool.  It might have ended there, but there were 
powers at work in the city.  The end of the millennium was coming, and 
things that should not be stalked the streets of the city.  The boy dabbled
in 
arts best left to professionals, seeking vengeance.  He found something, or 
maybe it found him. "

        Master Hiromi paused, the story clearly painful to remember.
"Do you believe in monsters, Linna?"

       "Hell no."

       "Another aspect of your education I must remedy."  She sighed.
"He stalked her friends, one by one, leaving their severed heads for
her to find.  Others died as well, those the dark spirit's master
wanted slain.  Those who contract with dark powers for vengeance
get what they asked for, but usually a lot more as well..."  Her voice
trailed 
off.  She took a deep breath.  "The girl and her love sought the killer. 
They 
found him.  It was the fiercest battle of her life.  Finally, they defeated
him.  
The girl raised her sword to sever his head, but her friend intervened.  She 
pleaded for his life, telling the girl that it was not his fault, that he was 
possessed.  Somehow, her friend drove the spirit from his body with the 
power of the goodness that dwelt in her.  She redeemed him and brought 
peace and life where the girl had only found death.  Her friend had saved a 
man she did not even like, when almost anyone would have sought revenge.  
She was shamed beyond measure.  All her might, her skill, could bring only 
destruction.  For two weeks, she went nowhere and talked to no one but  the 
man she loved."

       Linna stared.  Could this all be true?  People don't get
possessed, she thought.  The man must have just snapped, but...

       "Then the millennial riots began.  In her despair, the woman had 
forgotten one thing.  The spirit had been driven out, not slain.  You were
not 
alive then, but I will never forget it.  Rampaging labors crashed through 
her neighborhood.  They tried to claim after the Millenial Riots that a virus 
was responsible.  The girl knew better.  She awakened just as her love's 
head was crushed by a labor.  She could feel the presence of the spirit that 
had slain her friends.  Now it had taken her love as well.  It was more than 
any mind could bear."

       Linna gasped.  "That's...Oh god, I'm sorry."  A mental image of
a Labor squashing her boyfriend's head ran through Linna's mind.
She winced.

       "I do not know how long she wandered, her mind gone.
Somehow she avoided death in the riots.  Somehow, she avoided
the fires.  Somehow, she avoided starvation.  Perhaps she was
blessed by the gods.  Days, weeks, maybe months later, her friend
found her, and slowly began the process of healing her."

       Master Hiromi took a deep breath.  "She threw away her entire
life to regain her sanity.  She changed her name, her hair, her whole
way of life.  For a time, she clung to her friend like a lifeline, trying to
be 
like her in all things, for she was sorely shamed of all she had been."

       "Then why do you teach martial arts now?"

       "I'm getting to that.  Be patient."

       Linna nodded.

       "For a time, she was content, but slowly, she became
dissatisfied.  Much as she admired her friend, she could not be her
friend.  No one is so bad that they should throw away every aspect
of their self.  She had a dream, and realized what she was called to
do.  She had skills and wisdom that she had learned, skills and
wisdom that must be passed on.  She took up the Art once more, but
differently.  Where once she had struck with weapons to destroy,
now she used her body to protect.  She learned new arts and refined
old ones.  She dreamed of creating a new art and a band of
followers who could seek out the monsters who had destroyed her
life and prevent them from destroying more lives.  She had walked
Shiva's road and it destroyed her, she had tried to walk Brahma's
path, but it was too hard for her, now she turned to Vishnu's way,
and in it she found her peace.  She had made only one mistake."

        "What mistake was that?"

        "No one believes in monsters anymore, nor could she find the
one who had destroyed her life.   In twenty eight years since then,
she has seen neither hide nor hair of the beast that slew her friends, her 
love, and her old self.  She has found few who would believe the tales she 
told, and fewer yet who could learn her skills."

       "I'm trying as hard as I can!"  Linna sighed.  I just can't get the
hang of half the stuff she tries to teach me.

      "You're the best student I've ever had."

      Linna gasped.

      "If only I could have begun when you were younger.  You would
surpass me by now, I know.  I will not likely find another as apt as
you in the years to come."

       Linna didn't know what to say.

       "Indeed, in some ways, you surpass me already.  I have not
loved again since I lost my one and only love.  I cannot walk
Brahma's path anymore.  It is beyond me.  I cannot create, for my
heart still aches and I do not know how to heal it.  You have suffered a
grave 
loss, and yet, you have learned to love and live again.  I wish you could
teach 
me how you did it."  Her voice was soft and very faint.  "All three ways are 
open to you, to walk as you must in the story of your life.  I can teach you 
the roads of Vishnu and Shiva, and teach you I shall.  Brahma's path, the 
road of creation, love, and life renewed, you must walk alone, for it is 
beyond my ken now."

        Linna tried to understand, though her brain kept wanting to
glaze over.  "I wish I knew how to help you, master."

      "Just remember, sometimes, living can be a far more horrible
fate than death."


***************************

Chapter 16:  Priss's Choice

***************************

      Linna headed home early, arriving just in time for the phone to
ring.  She rushed and picked it up.  "Hello?"

       "Hi!  This is Robert.  Mind if I come over?"

       "Sure!  I don't feel like being alone tonight."

       She had a wonderful night.  

***************************

      Washuu, Sylvie, Anri, Meylia, and Priss sat on 'chairs' in
Washuu's sub-space laboratory.  "So do you think you can help us,
Washuu?"

       "Sure!  It'll be a challenge.  So how are you going to actually
FIND this thing once I get you into sub-space?"

       "Uhh..."  Priss said.

       "Linna's a dreamwalker,"  Sylvie said.  "She can guide them.  A
lot depends on how well hidden it is."

        "Mom, can we go with her to help her?"  Anri asked.

       "Sure.  I'll set up a sub-space beacon you two can home in on to
get everyone back once you find it...Sylvie, can you go find my parts
for that?"

        Sylvie nodded, got up, and vanished in a spray of light.

        Meylia said, "So, you, me, Linna, Sylvie, and Anri.  That makes
five.  Should be enough, I hope."

        A voice spoke from nearby.  "It is a good number for a princess
of the Moon Kingdom."  It was Sasami.  "The crystal will be well-
guarded, though I'm not sure how."

       "Can you come with us, Sasami?"  Priss asked.

       "I will be needed here.  The curtain is about to rise on the final
act of this story.  Shiva will strike once he knows that either he has 
obtained the crystal or you have."

      "I hope we can stop him,"  Anri said.

      "We will never have a better chance.  If you can find the crystal
and free Saturn, then his fate will be sealed.  If he gets to Saturn
first...I hope you've made your funeral arrangements."

       This was not something they really wanted to be reminded of .

***************************

      "So do you think this can work?"  Ryu asked Nene.

      "I've never seen him on a date, so I don't know.  I think he's too
ecchi for your sister, but maybe he'll behave himself.  With us along, he 
should stay in line."  she replied.  "So the plan is dinner and a movie, 
basically, right?"

       Ryu nodded.  "Assuming we can find one we all agree on.
Manami tends to like these really awful artsy films.  Especially if
they have loud music."

       "Oh, did Wasyuu-chan fix up those CDs for us?"

       "You wanna hear it?"

       "Will I be able to keep my sanity?"

       "Define sanity."

       "Let's just listen to one of my CDs, then."

***************************

      Z floated in the void, his host body asleep, communing with his
master.  "I have found her, the dream walker whom you sent me to
find."

       ARE YOU SURE IT IS THE ONE?

       "She walks even now, as we speak.  Shall I slay her?"

       NO.  SHE WILL LEAD US TO WHAT WE SEEK.  WATCH
HER AND SEE WHERE SHE WANDERS.

       "As you command."

***************************

      Quincy listened to another agent report to him.  Normally, Cain
would have reported to Eve, but this was an investigation that
Quincy was especially interested in.

      "Well, I finally found those records.  They did a good job of
covering their tracks, but I think I have enough evidence to prove it."  Cain 
was a tall man with short, neat black hair.  He was holding a  long pointer 
and pointing to various faces and names on a large monitor screen on the 
wall.  "Here's a photo of Dr. Mizuno Ami in 2000 AD.  Here's a picture of 
her in 2033 AD.  There's NO difference.  Here's a photo of her husband, 
Urawa Ryo, in 2001 AD.  Here's a picture of him now.  He had better hair 
in the first picture, but still..." He clicked through more names and faces.  
"There's at least twelve of these people.  We also have Saul's report on
Mizuno's anagathics research.  I think she's made a major breakthrough.  
Either that, or they're all time traveling boomers."  He laughed.  "Which 
isn't bloody likely."

        Quincy cocked his head and turned to a nearby terminal.  "Hold
on a moment."

        Soon, more images appeared on the screen, quite similar for
the most part to the ones already present.  "Would you say these
pictures look like those?"

       "Yes, sir.  I take it someone else already discovered some of
this?"

      "I think we've just found some people I've been looking for for a
while.  Get them all as soon as you can."

       "Yes, sir."

***************************

      "Do you understand your instructions?"  Kate Madigan asked the
woman standing before her.  The woman was tall, with long black
hair with a greenish tint to it and reddish eyes.  She wore a uniform 
familiar to the people of the city of Mega-Tokyo.

       "Follow Shinohara Noa everywhere, and report back every three
hours as to her movement.  WITHOUT being seen.  I'd rather you lose her 
than be spotted."

       The woman nodded.  "So why am I reporting to you instead of
Adam and Eve?"

       "Adam is likely permanently indisposed and Eve has other things on her 
mind.  If she enters the university campus, notify me immediately.  We've 
lost several agents there."

      "I have no intention of dying any time soon."

       "Neither did they.  Now get on it."

       The woman nodded and walked out.

        Kate frowned.  I'd much rather assign a human to this, but who
can I trust?  Those aliens could be anywhere, looking just like
us...possessing people.  She didn't want to believe in possession,
but Genom was on the verge of being able to successfully record
over people's brains with new brain patterns, which was the next
best thing.  It didn't surprise her that aliens would already have such a 
capability.  Even Eve could be one of them.  Quincy could be...no, he
wouldn't 
have told us if he was one of them.  Unless...

      She dismissed the thought.  That way lies infinite regressive
loops of paranoia, she thought. 

***************************

     The machine was huge, resembling a giant castle doorway,
complete with gargoyle heads on the knockers, surrounded by wires
and flashing lights and beeping widgets and what resembled giant
electronic spaghetti strainers.  It was, to say the least, weird looking.

       "You sure this thing will work?"  Priss said dubiously.  It looked
like a 
bad joke to her.

       "I am the greatest genius in the universe!  Only five people in
all of creation could duplicate this device and it would take them
decades!"

       "Why were those boxes labeled sub-space doorway kit, then,
Mom?"  Sylvie asked, smiling.

      Wasyuu frowned.  "Back me up here!"

      "It'll work,"  Anri said.  "I have faith in Mom."

      "See!  At least ONE of my children appreciates me."  Wasyuu
said.

      "Right."  Priss said, transforming, as did the others into battle
garb, except for Linna, who didn't have a transformation sequence to call 
her own.  Watching them all transform wasn't quite the best way to get her 
confidence up for this either.

       Linna yawned.  "Couldn't you have let me sleep a little later?"

      "If I'd done that, the doorway would turn you into a kumquat,"
Wasyuu noted.

      Linna said, "WHAT?"

      "Well, not really, but I wanted to see how you would react if I
said that."

      It took a while for them to pry Linna's hands off Wasyuu's throat even 
with four superhumanly strong people in the room.

***************************

     The sun shone down brightly as Haruka raced down the track,
passing his only real competitor, some old guy who kept showing up at these 
races and losing to him.  He was pretty good, he thought, but I'm better.  
Still, for someone who must be at least twenty years older than anyone else 
here, he's pretty good.  Haruka glanced up in the stands.  Yep, the guy's
wife 
was up there too.  She was a cute young thing with a funky hairstyle and 
tattoos on her forehead.  For a moment, Haruka lost himself in thought, 
trying to remember their names, but it kept running out of his mind like 
sand through a sieve every time he almost remembered it.

        Haruka didn't even realize his competitor had passed him again while 
he was distracted until a cheer went up.  He cursed to himself.  I got so 
distracted trying to remember this guy's name that I slowed down and he 
beat me.  She looked up in the stands and saw a quite attractive woman with 
long white hair that belied her age, which looked to be in her early 
twenties.  She was laughing, and somehow, Haruka knew this was her fault.  
Haruka sighed and crossed the finish line.  I hate coming in second, he 
thought.  He could hear Michiru cheering for him, but it only hurt him to 
know he'd lost anyway.

         He looked up in the sky and saw dark clouds slowly creeping
west from the bay.  Storm's coming, he thought.

***************************

      Noa got up and headed out into the countryside, blissfully
unaware she was being followed.  The spy followed her, blissfully
unaware that she too was being followed.  She was about to deliver
her first report when a voice whispered two words and a blast of
energy reduced her to ashes.

       The first report went in, but with somewhat different content
than it should have possessed.

***************************

      The group held hands in a ring with Linna concentrating.  They
could feel themselves moving, but in the roiling chaos of subspace,
they could not see any landmarks to give them a real idea of how
fast.  Endless minutes turned into hours, or at least seemed to do so.

       Finally, Priss' patience gave out.  "Damnit, I'm sick of this fog.
I'm sick of just standing here.  I want to DO something!"

       Sometimes wishes come true.  The fog boiled away, and the
group stood in the streets of Mega-Tokyo, just outside Genom tower.  
Dozens, maybe hundreds of boomers were erupting from the tower, 
rampaging through the streets of the city.  Priss swore.  "Shit.  Something 
must have gone wrong.  We have to stop those things!"

        Meylia stared in horror as building after building exploded from 
boomer assaults.  "DAMN YOU!"  She leapt into the air and zoomed towards 
the boomers, hurling bolts of destruction.  Sylvie and Anri took to the air
as 
well, assaulting their errant siblings.  Priss drew her sword and leapt into 
the fray, cutting a swath of destruction through the horde.

        Linna sighed.  We can't fight all those boomers.  I wish Wasyuu
had had time to revamp my hardsuit so it would work in subspace,
so I could have brought it.  Suddenly, her hardsuit materialized
around her.  She blinked and the realization struck her.  None of this was 
real.  We're still in subspace.  "STOP!  THIS ISN'T REAL!"  she shouted.

       They couldn't hear her, or perhaps they didn't want to.  They
each had their own reason to hate Genom and to want it and all its
minions dead.  Linna had her moments of anger, but she was not the
eternal vengeance type.  She could have sworn hatred forever when
her parents died at the hands of boomers, but she didn't.  She knew
better than that.  They didn't.  If she didn't do something, they'd
never escape their revenge fantasy except by death.

       But how can I stop them?  She concentrated.  I've got to will this out
of 
existence.  She focused, and GENOM tower began to waver. She ignored the 
explosions and mass destruction of boomers and put all of her will into 
simply erasing it all.  She could feel their wills sustaining this.  Part of 
them wanted this, to go down taking as many of their enemies with them as 
possible.  Linna knew better.  Dying won't avenge those you loved.  Living 
well IS the best revenge.  She spoke with her mind, bending subspace to her 
will.  Something got through to the others and their wills began to withdraw 
from the setting before them.  It became translucent, then two-
dimensional, then winked out entirely.

        Priss looked embarrassed.  "Some leader I was...Is this going
to happen again?"

       "If we're not careful.  Subspace responds to our minds and
desires.  That's why it is the land of dreams."  Linna concentrated
and her hardsuit vanished.  "And the more you believe in what it
offers, the more real that offer becomes."

       "But it only reshapes this world."

       "I think so.  I'm hardly an expert."

       "You know more than us.  Lead on, Linna."  Anri said.

       Linna still didn't want to lead, but there was nothing she could
do about it.

***************************

     "How soon will they be back?"  Kiyone asked Sasami.  Sasami,
Ryouko, Tenchi, Aeka, Kiyone, and Mihoshi were having a strategy
session.

      "Not soon enough,"  Sasami replied.    "Either one of Shiva's
minions will beat them to the crystal, or he will strike as soon as he knows 
his servants have failed.  At least he cannot use the satellites against us."

       "So what do we do now?"

       "Neutralize GENOM's space capabilities so they can't be used
against us."

       Ryouko laughed.  "I'll go get my pirate hat."

***************************

     More minutes passed, or hours, or even days.  Time has little
meaning in subspace, for nothing ever happens without a will to
make it so.  "This is boring as hell,"  Priss said.

     "May you live in interesting times is an old Chinese curse,"
Meylia said.  "I think it applies here as well."

      "Any idea how close we are, Linna?"

      "Um, closer than we were."  At least I hope so, Linna thought.
We could be going round and round.  "If we all think about it, we can
conjure up some chairs to sit on if you're getting tired of standing."

       "Good idea!"  Anri said.  Soon, they were all squared away in
comfy chairs in a tight little circle.

       "So does anything actually live here?"  Meylia asked.

       "Sasami told me that there are beings who live in subspace that shape 
parts of it to their will.  Hopefully we won't run into any of them.  They 
tend to dislike intruders.  The ones that don't usually like to play with 
intruders.  Sometimes the intruders even survive that."

       Anri shivered.  "I hope we don't run into anything like that."

       "Try not to think about it.  The more we think about such things, the 
more likely we are to meet one."

       Telling people to NOT think about something is notoriously
futile.

***************************

     Monitor duty at Genaros station was usually a very boring activity.   
Basically, the monitor was a glorified switchboard operator, given that the 
odds of any thief making it onto the station was basically nil.  A  boomer 
could do the job, in fact, a boomer often DID do the job, but sometimes 
humans were put in charge, either as punishment or when a lot of classified 
communications were expected to come through.

     Jonathon Frakes was there for reason one.  He was bored out of his
skull.  
The worst part were the external monitors.  "What's the point of these 
stupid things.  It's not like someone's gonna do a driveby shooting..."  he 
muttered to himself, staring at images of the sides of  the station and deep 
space.

     He could see the usual boring nothing going on.  Turning to examine the 
images of internal station business, nothing of any interest whatsoever was 
going on there, either.  He therefore turned to the only interesting aspect
of 
monitor duty, trying to pick up TV and radio signals from Earth.  He was 
getting pretty good at it.  One of the  monitors blanked, then 'One Life to 
Live', one of the longest running TV shows of all time, came up.    It was 
utterly moronic, but he didn't care.  It beat boredom.  Cutting off his own 
fingers would have been more interesting.

      Sadly, the screen he chose to blank was the one where he might have 
actually seen something to warn him of the attack on the station that was  
about to start.  

***************************

      Manami finished making herself up.  She was rather nervous.  I
haven't had a date in a couple of months, she suddenly realized.  I
really haven't gotten to know Mackie very well...I guess I'll find out.
He's only two years younger than me.  I wonder what kind of music
he likes.  Dozens of thoughts ran wild through her head until finally, there 
was a knock at the front door.  Ryu, Nene, and Mackie were there.  They 
were all dressed fairly casually, while Manami was wearing a rather 
formal kimono.  Nene blinked.  "Were we supposed to dress formally?"

       Manami blushed.  "Umm...let me change into something
simpler."

       "You don't have to if you don't want to,"  Mackie said.  "You look
really good in that."

       Manami said, "I'd feel odd being the only one dressed up."  She
headed into her bedroom and plunged headlong into her closet,
questing for something to wear.  She soon found a blouse and a skirt that 
sort of matched, so she put them on and ran back out.

       Ryu straightened up from fiddling with her CD box.  "Don't you
have anything worth listening to?"

       "Everything I have is worth listening to."  She swept over to
Mackie and dragged him out the door.  "Unlike that garbage you
favor."

       "Ahh.  Then you won't mind if I borrow some of your CDs to play for 
your mom?"

       Manami froze for a moment.  "Don't you DARE!"

       Mackie said, "Well, I thought you had some good music in your
collection, Manami."

       The group headed out into the hallway.  "Whose car are we
taking?"  Manami asked.

       "I thought we'd take my car,"  Ryu said.

       Manami laughed.  "Right."  She swept down the hallway with
Mackie in tow.

       Ryu looked over at Nene.  "I have a bad feeling about this.  She
normally hates riding in my car."

       Nene shrugged.  "Don't ask me."

***************************

     Subspace winked out of existence around them in an instant.  To
their surprise, Priss and her friends found themselves standing in a great 
hall, hung with tapestries of funerals, death, and the dying.
Great gold torcs hung on the wall as well, bejeweled and hand-
crafted.  All around them stood a legion of skeletons, armed with
swords and axes.   A man, clad in black and red, with black hair in a
widow's peak, sat on a huge bone throne before them, a silver
diadem upon his brow.  To say the least, this was not the droid they
were looking for.

       "It has been long since we had visitors," the man said, his voice 
booming through the chamber as if he had a microphone in his
throat.

       "Uh, sorry to trespass,"  Linna said.  "We'll just be moving on."

       She concentrated, but the place remained quite stable.

       The man frowned.  "To reject my hospitality is quite rude."

       "We're on a very urgent mission, sir,"  Meylia said.  "Perhaps
we could drop in on the way back."

       "May I ask who you are?"  Sylvie asked.

       "I have used many names.  You may call me Arawn.  I am the
lord of the dead."

       Looking at the decor, Priss wasn't too surprised.  "Get us out of
here, 
Linna,"  she whispered.

       "I think he must be maintaining this place," she replied.  "I can't
will 
it away."

       "Indeed, I am."  Arawn said.  "I am no phantasm of your mind.
This is but one of my many houses and the many faces that I wear.
Come.  Eat with me and then I shall let you continue on your way."

       Priss' stomach rumbled.  Maybe that's not such a bad idea, she
thought.  "Right.  Lead on."

       They soon adjourned to the adjacent feast hall.  There were
dozens, hundreds, maybe thousands of people there.  It was difficult to tell 
how large the room was or how far it extended.  On the other hand, it was 
easy for them to recognize the other guests at their table.  Easier than they 
would have wished.  Their dead had come to greet them.  The first to arrive 
at the table were Linna's parents, Moemi and Takashi, and Irene Chang, 
followed by Meylia's husband, Douglas Stingray, and her son, Katsuhito.  
Close on their heels were three people without last names, Nam, Meg, and 
Lou, born in a factory, and died in a space station a year ago.  Finally, a
small knot of people approached the table together.  A young woman, Sho's 
mother, a young man in biker leathers, Fang, Priss' old boyfriend, and 
finally, a trio of older adults.  Priss's mom and dad stood together, just as 
she last remembered seeing them, and near them stood the woman she had 
come to see as also her mother, her birth mother, Queen Serenity.

       For a moment, the five stood in silence, staring at those who
had come to their table, unable to believe it was true.  The tears
took them and they rushed forward to those whom they had lost.
For long minutes, none of them could speak, simply drinking in the
presence of lost friends, family, and loves.

       Linna hugged her mother, and cried.  "Mom...mom...mom..."
She couldn't speak coherently.  She wanted to stay there and shelter in her 
mother's loving arms forever.

       Meylia clung to her husband, Douglas Stingray,  like a barnacle to a 
ship.  "My beloved husband, I have missed you so much."

       "And I have missed you, my love.  I have waited so long for
you."

       Sylvie and Anri lost themselves in a group hug with their three
friends who had sacrificed themselves so that Sylvie and Anri could escape 
Genaros.  "I'm sorry...we failed you.  We couldn't even keep ourselves alive.
 
You died for nothing."

       "You did your best,"  Meg said.  "There's nothing to be ashamed
of."

       Priss was completely incoherent, clinging to her mother and
father like a five year old baby and crying enough tears to make her
own river.  She tried to speak, but words failed her.  Her friends and family 
gathered around her, supporting her wordlessly as she cried her love for 
them.

       Finally, Priss managed to get out a coherent sentence.  "Mom,
Dad, I love you.  I've missed you so much.  Oh, god, I've failed you,
I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry."

       Priss' mother squeezed Priss tightly.  "You haven't failed us.
We're very proud of you.  I could never have done half the things
you've done.  We love you, Priscilla."

       Priss' father spoke, "You can be whatever you set your mind to,
Prissie."

       "You...you're not angry with me?"

       "How could I be angry with my only child?"

       Priss glanced over at Queen Serenity, who stood nearby,
smiling silently.  "Mom, I..."

       "I know, dear.  She told us.  Don't worry.  We still love you.
It's not like I didn't know I didn't give birth to you, dear."

       Priss laughed faintly.  Something nagged at her for a moment,
but she dismissed it.  This was not a time to worry about whatever
her stupid brain wanted to pester her with this time.

       Later, none of them was sure how long the reunion lasted.
Finally, the tears drained away and the pain and joy faded to more
humanly bearable levels.  They took their places at the table, where by 
means unknown to them, a great feast was laid out, although Arawn 
apparently didn't believe in silverware, other than knives.

        The food smelled delicious.  Waves of anticipation rushed
through them, though the more fastidious part of Meylia's mind
wished she had learned how to make forks and napkins with her
powers.  Arawn smiled and raised his flagon.  "A toast to our
visitors."

        Everyone raised their flagons.  Priss looked at her parents, who 
smiled back proudly at her.  She looked at Queen Serenity, who had taken 
the seat next to her, but looked troubled.  "What's wrong?"  she whispered.

        Queen Serenity's lips moved without words for a few seconds,
then she closed her eyes and concentrated.  Arawn was yammering
in the background.  Time seemed to almost slow to a halt as
Serenity finally choked out, "Those who eat in the land of the dead
may never leave."

        Priss dropped the glass like a snake.  Meylia, nearby,
overheard this and said, "Like the legend of Persephone..."

        Anri and Sylvie turned.  "The what?"

        Linna turned to Arawn.  "You tried to trap us."

        Arawn frowned, his visage darkening.  "Damn it, I wrought my
lures too well."

        Serenity stood.  "What I was, I do no know, only what you have
made me, and what you have made will have no part of this."

         "Then you shall be remade."  Arawn gestured and Serenity
began to blur, fading away.  The hall began to darken and the doors
slammed shut.

        Priss howled.  "NO!  MOTHER!!!!!!"

         Linna concentrated and summoned her hardsuit.  "It's all a
trick, Priss.  The dead don't go to subspace...and if that had been
the real Queen Serenity, where's her husband, your birth father?"

        Priss' face darkened.  "I.  Don't.  Like.  Being.  Used."

       Arawn laughed.  "Alive or dead, I'll have you.  I can use beings
of power.  Kill them."

        Their friends, relatives, and loves rose up and attacked.  Meg,
Lou, and Nam grappled Sylvie and Anri.  "You left us to die.  You
don't care about anyone but yourselves or you would have wanted to
stay with us!"

        Anri couldn't bring herself to fight them.  "No!  We wanted to
stay and die with you!  You told us to go on!"  She lay limply as Lou
began to crush her.

        Sylvie, on the other hand, wasn't ready to go gently into the
good night.  "You're all FAKES!  You have no right to accuse us!
DAMN YOU!"  She threw Meg into the wall, even though it tore her
up inside, then leveled her hand at Nam.  "Don't make me kill you."

        "You haven't got the guts."  Nam lunged forward.  Sylvie closed
her eyes and fired.  Nam lost her head.  "I'm sorry," she whispered.
Then Meg peeled herself off the wall and charged her again.

        Linna tossed her parents and Irene around like tenpins.  They
couldn't possibly hurt her in her hardsuit, but she couldn't quite bring 
herself to hurt them.  Damn you, Arawn, she thought.  Damn you to hell.

        Meylia shook off her husband and son.  She rose into the air,
flying out of their reach, even after they climbed up on the table.
She formed an energy sword.  "Arawn.  I'm coming for you."

         It was worst of all for Priss.  Fang stabbed her in the leg as
she tried to toss her mother away before her father could grab her too.  
Sho's mother was trying to chew on her leg, but she managed to boot her 
away.  There was nothing left but a blur of Serenity.  She howled in pain 
from the leg blow and kicked Fang in the balls.  To her surprise, he ignored 
the blow and stabbed her again.  She knew they were fakes, but she couldn't 
bring herself to go all out on them.  If I don't fight harder, I'm going to
die, 
she realized.

       Sylvie closed her eyes again and blew Meg to powder, then
turned Lou into hamburger.  She cried as she slew them.  "Anri.
Save Priss.  I'm going after Arawn."

        Meylia dived at Arawn and some of the dead rose into the air
and attacked her.  They were people she barely remembered, some
real, some fictional, some glimpsed only briefly, others whom she
had gone to school with.  She steeled herself and laid about her with her 
energy blade.  The dead fell in droves, but more kept coming.

        Linna saw Meylia and almost slapped herself.  She lept away
from her parents to Meylia's aid, flailing away with her
monofilament whips.

        Priss struggled, trying to find the strength to actually go all
out against the shades, but unable to locate it.  Anri plunged in and blew
off 
Fang's head.  Priss howled, watching him die again.

       Arawn laughed, watching the battle with glee.  "Live or dead,
you'll never leave this realm while I live."  Suddenly Sylvie appeared 
behind him and blew a large hole in his chest.

      "We'll just have to see what happens if you die, then."  She
blasted him again and again.

       He staggered, howling in pain.  "No, you can't kill me!  I am the
god of death!  I am the lord of the land of the dead!  You cannot slay
death!"

       "I've been dead, and I don't remember you.  You're a fake, and
you're gonna be a dead fake."  Sylvie fired at Arawn again.

        The blow struck home.  "No!  I am the Lord of Death!  I am..."
His voice trailed off as he dissolved into nothingness.  Only his
crown endured, rattling to the ground.

        The 'dead' gave a great shout of joy and dissolved away into
the mist as did the entire castle.  Within seconds, only Priss' wounds and 
the crown remained to give any evidence that Arawn or his realm had ever 
existed.  Priss gave a great shout and chopped the crown with her sword.  It 
turned black and crumbled.  A howl erupted from it, shaking them to their 
very bones.  As the howl faded, the last remains of the crown blew away into 
the mist.

      "Priss!  You're hurt!"  Sylvie ran over to Priss.

      "I've had worse.  This isn't even as bad as what Anri did to me
that time."

      Anri blushed.

       "We don't have anything to bandage you with,"  Meylia said.

       Linna concentrated.  Instant bandages.  "Here you go, from the
subspace dispensary.  Hopefully, you'll stop bleeding before we
leave subspace, cause I don't think these things can go with you."

       "Can we just will her wounds away?"  Anri asked.

       "I don't think this works on people who are physically present.
Otherwise, we could just wish ourselves all-powerful."

        "Well, maybe Priss can affect herself.  Try it!"

        Priss shrugged.  She tried concentrating on not being hurt.  Her 
wounds closed up, though she could still feel the pain and they
clearly weren't fully healed.  "Shit."

        "You always were hard to kill, Priss,"  Linna said.  "Good guess,
Anri."  
I wonder if we could wish ourselves all-powerful.  Linna tried. As far as 
she could tell, nothing happened.

***************************

     Kate Madigan waded through paperwork while she waited for the
agent to report back.  The call finally came in.  "You'll find this
interesting."

      "What?  Where did she go?"

     "SDPC."

      Kate choked.  "How long as she been there?"

      "She went in, I got ready to call in, then she left a few seconds
ago in one of their vehicles, heading out west of the city."

       More trouble with SDPC, Kate thought.  Just great.  "Keep an
eye on her."

       "Yes, ma'am."

       We'll see what Quincy thinks about this.  If they stole the
Ingrams and the laser satellites...someone's playing an intricate
game here to have kept our agents inside SDPC from finding out.
We've been betrayed.  She would have been even more panicked if
she knew her 'agent' was laughing at her.

***************************

      Everyone settled down in the car.  Ryu said, "Nene, can you turn
on the radio?  Assuming it works today."  Nene reached over and
turned on the radio.  'Howl at the Moon' by Ozzy Osbourne seized
control of their ears at 110 DB.  Nene was nearly flung through her
seat.  She managed to turn down the volume to where it was nearly
off and the music settled down to a more bearable lesson.  Ryu
sighed.  "Manami, did you change the radio station?"

       Manami began to laugh.  Mackie said, "Nice song.  What
language is it in?  Serbo-croatian?"

       "English, I think,"  Nene said.  "Not that anyone could tell."  She
tried changing the station.  There was no escape from Ozzie.  "Hey,
it's claiming I'm changing channels, but..."

      Finally, the music changed, not that it helped.  As Ryu pulled out
of the parking lot, Ozzie faded out and 'I'm your angel of death', by
the Warrens faded in.  Then 'Be kruel to your skool', 'Smash your
neighbor's skull', 'Master of Puppets', and 'The 21 chainsaw and
backfire salute' followed as Nene desperately spun the radio dial.
"AAAAAAAAAAA"  Nene couldn't stand it.  Mackie rocked on, as did
Manami.

       Ryu briefly contemplated suicide, then said, "Lemme guess, you
did something to the radio."

       "Your mom and I fixed it so that your radio only plays good
music."

       "Can I get you guys to do this for my car then?"  Mackie asked.

       Ryu ground his teeth.  "Nene, put in that CD."

       Nene said, "Are you sure she won't blow up your car if I do
that?"

       Mackie blinked.  "Huh?"

       Ryu put in the CD he and Wasyuu had made.  "You'll love this,
Manami.  It's a handmade CD."

       "Of what?"

       "It's a mix of Zylcanian Xsither music, Wayne Newton, Barry
Manilow, Vogon poetry set to music, and this one other CD."

        Manami ground her teeth.  "You wouldn't dare.  What other
CD?"

       " 'Why are there so many songs about banjos?' CD."

       "You can't break me!"

        Ryu laughed.  "Okay, Nene, hit it."

        Only years of etiquette training enabled Manami to not rip off
her brother's head.  It couldn't stop her from fantasizing about it,
though.

***************************

       Images flickered ever so briefly in the mist, forming and
vanishing too quickly for them to see.  Suddenly, something they
hadn't expected loomed before them.  It was a huge wall that
stretched to infinity.  Priss blinked.  "A WALL?"

       Linna laughed.  "There has to be a door or something.  Maybe
we can blow a hole in it."

       Sylvie said, "I'll phase through it and see what's on the other
side."  She passed through the wall, out of sight.

       Meylia said, "I wish I could do that."

       Anri smiled.  "Mom taught us some nice tricks."

       Linna said, "If my master had ever succeeded in trying to teach
me to astrally project, I could get through it."

       "Your master tried to teach you to astrally project?"

       "All I ever got was a headache.  If I'd actually believed in the
possibility, I might have done a better job.  She tried to teach me a
lot of stuff...I'd have studied harder if I'd actually BELIEVED half the
stuff she tried to teach me.  It usually involved a lot of funky mystic
stuff that went way over my head."  Linna sighed.  "I wish I had time
to go back for some brush up lessons now."

        They waited a while.  Sylvie still hadn't come back.  "Maybe I
should just stick my head through and see what's keeping her,"  Anri
suggested.

        "Let's blast a hole in the wall.  She ought to be back by now."

       They opened fire with everything on the wall.  It ignored them.
Linna tried kicking the wall with her suit and her fist went right
through it as if it wasn't there.  She blinked.

       Meylia laughed.  "I guess we forgot to try touching it."

       They stepped through the wall together, ready to face whatever
might lie beyond.

***************************

      Dr. Mizuno Ami peered through the microscope.  She sighed.
Still no results.  There's something I'm missing, she thought.  I can
identify this thing's chemical structure, but I can't duplicate it.  What
am I missing?

       A woman spoke nearby.  "Dr. Mizuno Ami?"

       Ami turned around.  She didn't recognize the immaculately
dressed woman.  "Can I help you?"

       The woman smiled.  "Yes."  She grabbed Ami, gagged her, and
carried her off before Ami could even blink.

***************************

       Noa drove back from the training ground and picked up her
husband from work.  "Ugh, I'm exhausted,"  she said.

       "Don't sweat it.  I don't feel like cooking either.  Let's go out
to eat."

       "Where are we going?"

       "Well, we do own a restaurant, you know."

       Noa laughed.  "Eat at our own restaurant.  What a concept."

***************************

      Sylvie was pounding and blasting away at the wall as they
stepped through.  "I couldn't get back to you!"

       Linna tried touching the wall.  It was solid from this side.

       Meylia laughed nervously.  "I think that's a hint."

       They pressed onwards through the mist.  Sooner than they
expected, it parted, revealing a archway.  A figure stood, clad in
loose white clothing of an arabian style in the doorway.  Its face was
hidden, though a few strands of black hair poked out from under its
hood.  Its voice was clearly male, and it spoke.  "My duty now is to
guard this threshold.  Who are you who would pass?"

       "Sylvie Hakubi."

        "Anri Hakubi."

        "Yamazaki Linna."

        "Meylia Stingray of the House of Jurai."

        Priss thought for a moment.  "Princess Courage of the House
of Serenity, First Princess of the Sword of the Moon Kingdom.  I am
known also as Priscilla Samantha Asagiri, a member of the Knight
Sabres and lead singer for Priss and the Replicants."

       "What is your quest?"

       A thought struck Meylia's brain and she tried not to laugh.
Sylvie muttered something about the Holy Grail and Meylia nearly
lost it.  Priss tried to ignore them.  "We seek the Silver Crystal of the
Moon Kingdom that we might liberate the sleeping Sailors from their
slumber of over thirty years."

      The figure stared at each of them.  "Why have you come?"

      Priss paused.  "Didn't I just answer that?"  There was something
familiar about the voice, though she couldn't quite place it.  She felt
like she had met this guy somewhere.

       "Yes, YOU have."

       Sylvie said, "Oh, you're asking the rest of us?"

       The figure nodded.  Sylvie said, "I've come to help my best
friend.  I'll ride into hell itself if I have to, to help her."

        Anri said, "Where Priss and Sylvie go, I will go."

       "I have come to aid my friend,"  Meylia said.  "And I have come
to enjoy adventure, I must admit.  Plus, we will need the Sailors'
help, I think, in the days to come."

       "I had to come.  They couldn't find the crystal without me,"
Linna said.

       "But why did you come?"

       "I just told you."

       "No you didn't."

       Linna stared at the man.  "I don't understand."

       "You usually don't."

        Now Linna was starting to get irritated.  "Look, I told you.  They
needed me."

        The man simply stared at her.

        Priss thought for a moment.  "Maybe he's asking why you cared
that we needed you."

       "Because Priss needed me.  She's my friend, and I want to help
her.  This is good practice for my dream-walking skills too."

        The man smiled.  "Your final question."

        There were audible sighs of relief.  Priss thought hard.  I know
this voice.  Who is this guy?  She whispered to Linna, "Does this guy
sound familiar to you?"

       "He vaguely reminds me of that DJ on the Oldies station."

        Priss laughed.

       "How many times must a person die?"

       Linna blinked.

       "At least once,"  Sylvie said.

       "As rarely as possible, since you can't normally come back,"
Anri said.

       "Who's judging the must here?"  Meylia asked.

       The figure was silent.

       "Well, you have to be born twice to enter the kingdom of
heaven...I think,"  Linna said, trying to dredge up childhood
memories of occasional visits to the Christian church her mother
had attended.  "So I'd say once."

       Meylia shrugged.  "I'm clueless."

        "As many times as is necessary,"  Priss said.  "I'll die a
thousand times if I have to."

        The figure smiled faintly.  "You may enter. "  He stepped
backwards through the doorway and vanished into the mists, leaving
behind only a white rose.  "My long vigil is over.  I pray that you will
set us all free."  His voice faded now as well.

        They all stepped through the doorway.  Meylia said to Linna,
"So how can someone be born twice, anyway?"

        "Wait for Washuu to find you,"  Priss said, smiling at Sylvie,
who laughed.

***************************

       Mackie, Manami, Ryu and Nene waited for their order to come
though.  Mackie looked around Alphonse's.  "This is a pretty nice
place.  You come here often, Manami?"

       "My advisor brought our class here a few months ago,"  Manami
said.  "I thought you'd like it."

       Mackie stared at the Ingram.  "I've always wanted to drive one
of those things.  It's so...big."

       Nene laughed.  "Better not let the manager hear you wanting to
run off with her Ingram."

       Manami nodded.  "I got to meet her last time."  She looked
around.  "Hey, she's over there.  I guess that must be her husband
and, uh...daughter maybe?"

       Nene looked over.  "Hey, there's Lt. Shinohara.  She must be..."
Nene slapped her forehead.  "I'm a moron today.  I knew vaguely
that her mom ran this place.  My brains must be fried."

      Mackie looked longingly at the Ingram.  "I wonder if she'd..."

      "I hear she killed the last person who asked."  Ryu said, smiling
faintly.

       Mackie winced.  "You're kidding, right?"

       Nene said, "It can't hurt to ask.  I'm sure she probably enjoys
talking about her exploits."

       Manami said, "If I thought she'd remember me, I'd try
introducing you."

       "I know Lt. Shinohara.  I'll bring you over, Mackie."

       "Thanks!"  Mackie followed Nene over to the other table.

        Ryu leaned over to Manami.  "Well, what do you think?"

        "I'm sure she'll at least talk to him about it."

        Ryu laughed.  "Nice dodge.  I mean, what do you think of
Mackie?"

        "He seems like a nice young man.  And we like the same
music, which is nice."

        Ryu nodded.  "Nene's told me some wild stories, but he seems
to be on his best behavior.  Maybe he's only ecchi with people he
knows well."

       "Or when he has nothing to lose.  You're not worried about me,
are you?"

        "You could vaporize him in five seconds.  While unconscious.
I'm not worried.  I'm just hoping this will all go okay.  I know you
haven't had a date in a long time and..."

        She interrupted him.  "I've been busy.  I've got a lot of
homework this semester and..."

       "I'm not trying to lecture you, Manami.  I'm just trying to be a
good big brother."

       "Half-brother."

       "Same difference.  You know my mom and your mom act like
we're both their own flesh and blood.  And Grandma loves you just
as much as me.  Maybe more so because you're more gullible."

       "I am NOT gullible!  I have the sense not to submit to any of
Washuu-obasan's experiments."

      Ryu began to laugh very loudly.  Manami had a sinking feeling
she had missed something.

***************************

      Haruka headed home on his motorcycle with Michiru.  "Damnit, I
should have won.  That woman did something to me."

      Michiru sighed.  "Like what?  Cast a spell on you?  I don't think
so."

      Haruka sighed and looked in his rearview.  "Someone's following
us."

      "What?"

       "This woman's been following me for about the last five miles."

       "Maybe she's just heading across town like us."

       "I can tell."

       Michiru sighed.  My husband is so paranoid.  "Then take the
next exit and see if she follows."

       "Good idea."  Haruka waited until the last second and roared off
down the exit.  The woman followed in her sports car as soon as he
did so.  "I was right!"   He roared off into the maze of streets to try to
lose her.

***************************

     Kate Madigan finished reporting to Quincy.  "It seems there is
something wrong with SPDC, sir."

      He frowned.  "Everything is coming unhinged at once."

       "Has something else happened?"

       "We've lost Genaros."

       "We've WHAT?"

       "Follow me.  I've already called an executive meeting.  We have a
major mounting crisis."  They rushed off to the meeting.

***************************

     A recording played, staticky and faint.  " slkdjflskdj...breaking 
down the doors...sldflwoeiur...Boomer armnaments can't stop 
her...sljsk.w..known it wasn't an asteroid...slkdfjldskjwoeur....  
Asteroids don't change course.  There's a hole in the ..sdjflsvkcjkjkjruo..."

     The voice on the tape changed.  An amused female voice.  Where the 
previous voice had spoken in English, this one spoke in accented 
Japanese, with a rural accent.  <Radio.  I didn't even think of jamming 
the radio transmissions on these frequencies.>

      There was another burst of static and a third voice, or was it?  In 
fact, it sounded rather like some sort of cat meowing.  Static swallowed 
all sound entirely.

      Mr. Holsom punched the off button.  "That was our last transmission 
from Genaros station.  We can only assume that either the USSD has taken 
over the station or there has been some sort of successful terrorist take 
over."

     "It could be another rogue boomer incident like those sexaroids who 
escaped last year,"  suggested one of the other executives of GENOM in 
the room.

      "Doubtful.  The voiceprint for the woman doesn't match that of any 
boomer in our registry.  Nor does she match the print of any of the human 
crew.  USSD continues to assert their innocence in this affair.  We can 
only conclude that someone on the station betrayed us and helped smuggle 
in terrorists, somehow."

     "It could be SCHAFT or another of our competitors,"  a third 
executive suggested.  

      "Possibly, but so few companies have the resources that such a deed 
would call up only a very  short list of suspects.  We are, of course, 
investigating this possibility.  It seems unlikely, given that there is 
nothing on the station worth the effort of an actual takeover."  Mr. 
Holsom paused.  "The biggest question remaining is why the approach of 
the ...whoever they are, went unnoticed.  It seems far too likely that
those responsible for the missing laser satellites have struck again."

     Quincy walked in.  "Couldn't wait for me?  Well, I think I have the
answer to our questions, and it is not an answer we are going to like."

***************************


      Beyond the doorway, the mists were gone.  The team of five
stood within a dark stone maze.  Tunnels ran hither and yon in all
directions.  Priss turned to Linna.  "Which way do we go?"

       Linna concentrated and felt a slight pull down one of the
tunnels.  "This way, I think."

       Slowly, she guided them through the maze, praying she wasn't
just imagining which way to go.  Finally, they came to a huge room,
riven with a chasm whose bottom was too deep to see.
Furthermore, the chasm was nearly 200 feet across, too far to jump.
The walls were riven as well, the chasm extending beyond the room
out of sight through the rock.

       For Sylvie and Anri, this was about as much of a barrier as a
line of tiddleywinks.  They simply teleported across.  Linna
concentrated and called up her hardsuit, then jumped across.
Meylia could fly.  Priss, on the other hand, was out of luck.  "Gee,
thanks, guys."

       Linna shouted back.  "Just call up your hardsuit and do a power-
assisted jump!"

       "How do I do that?"

       "Just think about it!  It's not like I'm the only person who can do
this, you know!"

       Priss concentrated and her hardsuit formed around her.  She
took a deep breath and leaped across the chasm.  She made it,
though the suit dissolved away as soon as she landed and lost her
concentration.  "That was too easy."

         "Well, if you'd come alone, you'd still be looking for a way
across."

        Priss sighed.  "If I had come alone, I'd still be in Arawn's
realm, if I'd even gotten that far.  I feel like I haven't done anything right
since I got here."

       Anri hesitantly put a hand on Priss' shoulder.  "Don't feel so bad. 
We 
all would have fallen for Arawn's trap if we hadn't been warned."

       Meylia nodded.  "And she wouldn't have been there to warn us
without you."

       Priss straightened up and moved forward.  "Let's get this over
with."

***************************

      Across town, a series of kidnappings mostly went off rather
smoothly.  A few, however, did not go so well.  One boomer lost her
targets in a chase through the backstreets of Mega-Tokyo.  A
second broke into a school counselor's office only to discover that
the school counsellor had called in sick.  A break-in at the
counsellor's house revealed that she wasn't home either.  Preparing
to think of other options, the boomer then heard someone whisper
something, shortly after which it was blasted to bits.

        The one which went wrong the worst...well, not counting that
last one, was a double snatch and grab of a school teacher and her
husband.  It started out well enough...

        Usagi answered the door.  "Hi!  Can I help you?"

        "I'm selling vacuum cleaners.  Mind if I show you one of our
models?"

       "Sure.  Come on in."

        The boomer made small talk and ran through some snappy
patter, carefully drawing out the admission that Usagi's husband
would be home soon.  She successfully drew out her routine until
Mamoru walked in the door.  Just as she was about to grab and sedate
both of them, someone started pounding on the front door.

        Mamoru answered the door and Haruka and Michiru ran in.
"Can we use your phone?"

       "What's wrong, Haruka-kun?"  Usagi asked.

        Haruka glanced over at the boomer, clearly not wanting to talk
in front of her, despite being unaware she was a boomer.

        "She's Hitomi, Haruka.  She's a vaccum cleaner salesman.
Hitomi, these are my friends Haruka and Michiru."

        The boomer blinked.  More of the targets?  Can I grab them
all?  She radioed the boomer who was supposed to be following
these two.

        "There's a woman who's been following us all over town and we
don't know why.  I'm sorry we lead her this way, but we needed to
get to a phone and we didn't want to lead her to our house."  Haruka
sighed.  "So we led her here.  I'm sorry."

        "Go right ahead,"  Mamoru said.  "I'll go see if Leon is home."

        "Leon?"

        "He's with the ADPolice."

        If boomers swore, Hitomi would have sworn.  Great, my targets
live next door to an ADPolice officer.  This isn't going to be good.
The screaming when she burst out of her skin was the most
satisfying part of a frustrating evening.

***************************

    Mackie headed back to his table with Nene just as another
unexpected set of visitors arrived at Noa's table.  It was Kanuka
McClaine and her husband, John.  He was of medium height and
broadly built with wavy hair.  Well, what was left of his hair was
wavy and gray.  He was dressed in a nice suit.  He was also the
most paranoid looking man that Noa had ever seen.  He glanced
over at the Ingram.  "That thing can't move by itself, can it?"

      Noa laughed.  "Only in a cheesy horror movie."  Not counting the
Millennial Riots, she thought.  Let's not think about that.

       Her daughter Moemi threw back her head and laughed.  "What,
like Labor Day Labor Massacre?  'Surely, there must be a scientific
explanation for this!'  'Only the science of...black magic!'"

        They all laughed, except John, who muttered to himself
something about hotels.  Noa called over a waitress for them and
they quickly placed their orders.  The food soon arrived, and they all
started eating.  "So you're in the ADPolice, Moemi?"  John asked.

        Moemi nodded.  "Yeah."

        "I heard your headquarters got taken over last Christmas?"
Kanuka asked.

        Moemi blushed faintly.  "I hate to admit it, but yes."

        She turned to her husband.  "See, it doesn't just happen to
YOU!  Everyone has these kind of problems."

        "Three days, max.  That'll give us enough hospital time
afterwards to recover before we have to fly home."

        She sighed.  "You're incorrigible."

        "Next time we go to the Grand Canyon.  No one can take over
the entire Grand Canyon."

        Asuma laughed.  "I take it your vacations have gone badly in
the past?"

        "I think I was born with a 'Terrorists please attack me and my
family' sign on my head.  My first wife finally left me after the sixth
or seventh hostage situation...with her as the hostage.  Heck, I met
Kanuka during another one of them.  I'm NEVER going back to the
Kennedy Space Center.  EVER."

        Everyone laughed, not realizing it was all true.

***************************

     The maze continued, then opened out into a huge beautiful
garden under a starry sky.  Far across the garden was a beautiful
palace, and in the sky over the palace hung the huge, beautiful
Earth, dominating the sky.

       "The royal palace,"  Priss whispered.

        Anri looked around.  "Wow, this place is so pretty."

        Linna said, "I think this means we're almost there."

       Slowly, they walked through the garden towards the palace, a
gentle breeze making the branches of the trees rustle as they
passed.  They were all nervous with anticipation.

        They crossed half the garden before they realized that the sky
was getting darker.  Looking up, they could see black storm clouds
covering the sky.  Linna and Priss suddenly had a very bad feeling.
"Run."  Priss said.

       Sylvie and Anri grabbed Priss and teleported to the palace
doors, while Meylia took to the air and Linna conjured her hardsuit
once more, running as fast as possible.  As Priss opened the doors,
the clouds finished swallowing the sky.  The whole world suddenly
went silent and a great red eye opened in the clouds, glaring down
balefully at them.

       "Shit."  was all Priss could say.

***************************

      Anri and Sylvie managed to drag Priss into the palace.  Priss
seemed unable to move, but for whatever reason, they were not
affected.  Sylvie turned and slammed the doors shut, trapping the
light outside.  Priss gave a great shudder and whispered, "Metallia."

      "Who?"

       Priss looked around.  "Where's Linna and Meylia?"

       "I think they're still outside."

       "Shit!  We can't leave them out there!"  She moved to open the
doors, but Sylvie grabbed her hands.

       "You'll just get paralyzed again.  I'll go help them.  It doesn't
seem to effect me and Anri.  Anri, you go with Priss."

       Anri nodded quietly.

       "I can't just leave them!"

       "Priss, if you go out, you'll just get paralyzed again!  I seem to
be immune, so I'll go out."  Probably because I'm not really human,
she thought.  "Go find the crystal.  Something must be trying to keep
us from getting to it."

       Priss swore repeatedly and pointlessly, then turned to head into
the building.  "Come on, Anri.  Let's go search the palace."

        Anri went with her silently as Sylvie phased through the door
and out into the yard.

***************************

      Leon charged into the Chiba's apartment.  He knew he should
wait for backup, but he knew they'd never get there before it was too
late.  Why the hell is a boomer attacking them, he wondered.
They've never done anything to hurt anyone.

       He stood in the doorway.  "Freeze!  ADPolice!"  He recognized
the boomer as a fairly new-model C-class cyberdroid.  He leveled
his gun.  Against a C-class, he might have a chance.  Not much of a
chance, but it was better than nothing.

       Usagi was unconscious on the table.  Michiru was down on the
floor with the couch on top of her.  The boomer had Haruka pinned
under one foot and was applying an anesthetic to him.  Mamoru
was trying to beat the boomer with a cane.  It wasn't accomplishing
much.

        The boomer finished off Haruka, then looked up at Leon.
"ADPolice, eh?  I'm just doing your job, bringing in these renegade
sexaroids."

        Leon blinked.  "WHAT?"

        "I understand you've done some investigating of that case
yourself."

        No way, Leon thought.  My neighbors are not renegade
sexaroids.  Something nagged at his mind, but he was too busy to
think about it.  "And how would you know about that?"

        "Someone hacked into our records.  Someone in ADPolice."

        "I'm no hacker."

        "They used your account."

        I'm going to KILL Nene, Leon thought.  Leon kept talking,
hoping his backup would arrive before the boomer was ready to
fight.  

***************************

      The yard plunged into anarchy.  Shadows rained down from the
sky.  Where they struck, the garden became blighted and twisted.
The ground erupted and figures of rock and clay, cast in a crude
parody of human shape, burst forth and began to close in on Linna
and Meylia who were unable to move.

         Sylvie erupted through the doors and saw them, teleporting to
their sides in an instant.  Dozens, maybe hundreds of the monsters
were closing in.  It tore her heart to see the beautiful garden
destroyed and turned to corruption and death.  Her rage ignited and
she began to blast the monsters with great gouts of energy.  They
blew up easily, but there were dozens more where those came from.
She soon realized this was a fight she could not win.

***************************

       Despair raged in Meylia's soul.  She could not move.  She was
powerless, helpless, a mere mortal in the face of undying wrath.
She was failing her friends as she had failed her husband and her
son, failed her father, failed everyone.  She had never felt so
worthless since the day she had decided to run away from home.

        She could feel the evil of the cloud, power beyond measure.  It
dwarfed her, reminding her how insignificant she was.  'The evil that
men do lives on, the good is oft interred with their bones', one poet
had said, and she saw the truth of that now.  In the end, all things
went down to destruction.  Sylvie was fighting desperately, but she
would be overwhelmed.  Entropy increases over time.  It was the
darkest moment of Meylia's life.

***************************

      If Linna could have seen what was going on, she might have
despaired.  Linna, however, did not see the mounting battle.  For
her, the world had winked out the instant that the eye had opened.
She floated, naked, in the misty void once more.

        For a few seconds, she didn't know where she was, then it all
came back to her.  How did I get here?  Where is everyone?  Hey,
I'm naked!  She concentrated and her exercise outfit appeared on
her.  She laughed faintly.  I could wear anything here and I end up
with this.

       "Ahh, but it is more lovely on you than a fine gown on many
women."  The strong male voice cut through the silence.  It was the
voice of her boyfriend, Robert Bruce.

       Linna started.  "Robert?  What are you doing here?"

       "I have come to make you an offer, my love."

       Linna blinked.  "An offer?"

       "Do you know that you talk in your sleep?"

       "I what???"

       "I heard much last night, as you lay sleeping.  I had long hoped
you were the one I had looked for.  It is so rare that I find one like
myself, a potential immortal."

       "I...Immortal?"

       "For such as us, death is not the end, for we can survive the
death of our bodies and find new flesh.  Let me show you the way,
Linna, and then we can be together, forever."  He moved closer and
took her hand.  "Walking in dreams is only the beginning.  You will
be like a god, as I am, the world ours to mold as we will."

        Even my boyfriend is all-powerful, Linna thought.  "I don't
understand."

        His voice was soothing.  "Did you truly think your heritage was
normal and mundane?  Like your friends, you possess an
inheritance of power.  Everyone has an astral body, but yours is
more powerful than most.  It uses your body, but it doesn't need it.
Even if you die, you will live on if you let me teach you, for I can
show you how to find a new body.  In fact, here in subspace, you
could make your own body, though it would be of no use beyond this
world.  I have lived for millennia, Linna, and I'd like you to join me."

        Linna stared.  "I...uh..."  A thought struck her.  "Where are my
friends?"

       Robert's face darkened.  "The defenses of the Silver Crystal lay
them waste.  Only you could I save."

      "Liar."  Another voice broke through the silence of the void.
"Your minions haven't killed them yet, and this is all your fault."   A
second figure emerged from the mists.  It was Master Hiromi.  Her
voice was tight with barely controlled rage.

      Linna blinked.  "Master Hiromi?"

      "Don't listen to her, Linna!  It's a trick!  Someone's trying to
deceive you!"

      Master Hiromi closed in on Robert.  "He would condemn you to
his own fate of damnation, Linna.  That was his eye you saw.  He
followed you here so he could take the crystal for himself and
destroy you all.  He is a servant of Shiva, the lord of destruction.  All
he can offer you is eternal evil."

       "Liar!  I love Linna!  I just want her to be able to be with me
forever!"

       "You want to possess her forever, maybe.  You know nothing of
love.  Those who give themselves to destruction can no longer
create, can no longer love.  At best, they can only parody such
things."  Master Hiromi had almost reached Robert now.  Linna,
stared, uncertain what to do.  "You slew my friends.  You slew my
only love.  You slew my ability to love.  I almost gave myself to your
master in my despair and I can barely avoid his grasp even now.
Perhaps if I destroy you, I will fall into the same void from which you
were spawned.  I don't care anymore.  Finally, I have found you, and
I WILL SEE YOU DEAD!"  She moved, and her attack was beautiful
to behold.  Fluidly, she moved across the intervening space and
grasped Robert to her like a lover, then leapt into the air and
slammed him into the ground.  She danced upon his skull, then lifted
him high again to lay him low.

       It was like watching a combat ballroom dance marathon.
Robert was clearly outmatched.  Blood flew and bruises mounted on
his flesh, while he could hardly lay a hand on her.  Finally, she had
him pinned on the ground, her hands around his throat.  Linna could
bear no more.

       She rushed over.  "Stop!  You'll kill him!  There has to be a
mistake!"

       "I can smell it upon him.  The same spirit I fought so long ago.
He is the one.  I will kill him if it damns my soul to hell.  I will have
vengeance or death.  I would welcome either."  Her grip tightened.

       "Help me, Linna," he choked out.  "She's killing me."

       Linna hesitated.  She'd never seen Master Hiromi like this
before, so angry.  She wouldn't be doing this unless Robert really
was the one...no, that's not possible!  I couldn't love such an evil
being, could I?  "Stop it!  You've got to be making a mistake!"

        "He is the one.  I will have his heart for what he has done."
The anger controlled her voice now, and her face was contorted with
hate.

        Robert begged, choking out the words, "Linna...please..."

        It was more than she could bear.  "I'm sorry, Master.  I have to
do this."  She struck at Hiromi's wrists, forcing her to release her
grip, then grabbed Hiromi and tossed her aside.  "Snap out of it,
master!  Didn't you always tell me that revenge was bad?"

         Master Hiromi got to her feet.  "He must be destroyed.  There
is no other cure for his evil.  Some infections must be cut out."

         "But who appointed you the judge of all mankind?"  Linna
helped Robert get up.

        Master Hiromi winced.  "We all must lay judgment every day.
It is inescapable, much as we would like to escape it.  You have the
sight, Linna.  Use it.  Remember what I taught you.  You can see his
heart and judge for yourself."

       Linna gulped and turned to Robert.  She tried to clear her mind
as he tried to remember how to breathe.  She opened her eyes wide
and truly gazed into his soul.

       His clothing peeled away before her sight.  He stood naked
before her in her mind's eye, as he had laid in her bed the previous
night.  Memories of that night tried to seize her mind, but she
shoved them away, and dug deeper.  He shimmered and a starry
space filled her vision.  She peeled away the stars and gazed upon
his soul.

***************************

      Quincy gave the orders.  GENOM forces began to move into
place around the world.  Carefully, he went over his plans.  At least
Z is too busy to try to 'improve' on my plans, he thought.  I can't
decide whether to hope that he gets the Crystal or to hope they kill
him.  It would spare me the trouble.

***************************

      Priss and Anri wandered through the palace.  "This thing could
be anywhere."

      "You have no idea where we might find it?"

      Priss thought.  "The throne room."

      "Okay, we go to the throne room.  Where is it?"

      "I have no clue."

       Anri facefaulted.

***************************

       Only three times in her life had Linna successfully followed her
master's teaching and truly gazed upon someone's soul.  The first
had contained beauty beyond her imagining.  The second time had
been the most baffling of her life.  The third time was a nightmare.
Millennia of destruction stretched out before her.  Birth in a strange
glass tube in a dark laboratory.  Baby's first steps carried him
through the void of space at his father's command.  Teething upon
an earthquake that destroyed a city.  The power of command over
earth and rock was his.  Across countless light-years and centuries
of time, the being Linna had known as Robert Bruce had hopped
from body to body, spreading destruction at his master's command,
seeking those upon whom the master's wrath must be poured out, in
a legacy of vengeance with three goals.  The House of Jurai must
be destroyed.  The scientist Wasyuu who had betrayed the master
must be destroyed.  Most of all, Tsunami, must be destroyed.  They
had slain Walyn, the beloved child of the Great One, Shiva.

       This body was just another shell, though a special one, provided
by his master.  Why it was special, she could not see.  All that she
had seen in him before this moment had just been a mask, a shell
he had painstakingly created for her benefit.  And yet, he did love
her, as best he could.  His offer was sincere.  He did want her to be
with him forever.  Even a being such as he needed companionship.

       The vision faded, and the world returned.  She wanted to run
away and cry, to curl in a ball at the horror she had seen.  His offer
had tempted her.  She feared the power he had to offer, and yet, she
craved it as well, feeling outmatched by all those around her.

        His face darkened.  "So be it.  We could have been so good
together, Linna."  Master Hiromi leaped to her feet.  Robert said, "I
should have come back for you a long time ago, but I thought it
better to let you live and suffer.  X may think I lack subtlety, but he
just doesn't understand me."

       "Frankly, I couldn't care less,"  Master Hiromi said, moving
forward to attack again.

       As Linna pulled herself together, Robert moved, grabbing
Master Hiromi.  "Die," he commanded.  Black bolts of energy
coruscated around her frame.  Before Linna's eyes, she began to
age and rot.  She clenched her teeth and drove blows into Robert's
frame, though her blows grew weaker.

       Linna saw what was happening.  She called up her hardsuit and
opened fire, blasting Robert away from Master Hiromi.  She ran over
to her.  "I'm sorry I didn't trust you.  Oh god, this is awful."

       Master Hiromi, barely more than a withered mummy, smiled.
"This is only my dream self.  He cannot slay me.  Remember what I
taught you."

       Robert got back up, his wounds closing.  He frowned.  "You'll
pay for that."

       Master Hiromi began to fade away.  "Linna, this is all in your
mind...a dream within the dreamworld.  Your body is standing
defenseless.  If he keeps you busy for too long, your body may be
slain as well."  She coughed and her voice grew fainter.  "A high
price will be demanded of you, Linna.  I pray you will find the
strength to pay it.  Remember, that death is not the end, especially
for one such as you.  There is power in sacrifice, and the greatest
sacrifice is..."  She vanished before she could finish her sentence.

        Robert stood in the heart of a swirling black maelstrom.  "This
is your last chance, Linna.  Join me and live, or defy me and die."

        Linna mustered her courage and charged forward, her heart
aching.  "You won't kill me.  This is my mind and my dream, and I
rule here.  DIE!"

        Robert vanished the instant before the beam Linna fired from
her hands would have struck him and obliterated him.  The next
thing Linna did was open her eyes.

        Meylia stood paralyzed next to her.  A few feet away, Sylvie
was desperately blasting incoming golems, trying to keep them away
from her and Meylia.  Linna opened fire, blowing several apart.

        Sylvie blinked.  "Hey, you're moving."

         A voice boomed from the sky.  "Not for long.  I tire of this
game."  The eye in the sky glowed with a black light.

        Linna recognized the light.  It was the same ray of destruction
she had hurled at Robert in her mind a few seconds ago.  It seemed
that turnabout was fair play.  This bolt would be large enough to
obliterate them all.  "Sylvie, when I signal you, grab Meylia and
teleport away."

       "What about you?  I can't take both of you!"

       Linna's voice was strangely calm.  "Priss always said all these
boyfriends would  be the death of me one day."  I have to make him
think I'm dead, she thought.  I just hope I don't really die in the
process.  "GO!"  She leaped over the horde and charged off towards
a handy tree she could use to help her.

        Sylvie swore, grabbed Meylia and teleported.

         The bolt stabbed down from the heavens at Linna.  She
prayed her plan would work.

***************************

      "So what else are we going to have to face, Priss?"  Anri asked.
She strained to hear some hint of what might be going on outside,
but the palace was silent except for her and Priss' footsteps

      Priss shrugged.  "I have no clue.  I'm not even absolutely sure
the crystal is in here...we may have just stumbled into another trap."

       They pushed open a set of double doors and answered their
doubts.  Beyond the doors lay a huge, beautiful throne room.  It
stretched out before them, two lines of pillars forming a highway to
the throne, upon which slept a sleeping warrior.  She looked to be in
her early twenties, clad in the fuku of the Sailor Warriors.  Upon her
brow was a tiara and in her hands she clutched a glaive.  She drew
the eye to her, and even in her sleep, she made those viewing her
very uneasy.

       Yet, her presence was dwarfed by what floated before her.  A
multi-faceted gem, like a diamond, yet somehow different in some
intangible way, hung five feet from her head with no visible means
of support.  It shone with a pure white light, obliterating all shadows
in the room.  It was the Ginzuishou, the Silver Crystal of the Moon
Kingdom.  It sang with a song of comfort and joy that Priss could
hear in her soul.

        She stepped into the room, moving almost like a zombie
towards the crystal.  Anri tried to follow, but she was unable to step
into the room.  Priss could feel the warmth coming from the crystal
as she drew closer.  The glow was blinding.  As she moved closer to
the crystal, a figure began to form in the air between her and the
gem, but she couldn't see it clearly.

        Anri's augmented sight, however, could.  She couldn't believe
it.  "PRISS!  WATCH OUT!  It's LARGO!"

        Priss blinked.  The light of the crystal dimmed to a more
bearable level.  The being known as Largo stood before her.  She
couldn't believe it.  This had to be a trick.  What the hell would Largo
be doing here?  "I won't let you trick me."

        Largo smiled.  "Trick you?  I have not come to trick you.  I have
come to do homage.  Soon you will become what I only dreamed of
becoming.  You will be a god among mortals.  Compared to the
Silver Crystal, the laser satellites I commanded were nothing."

       Priss frowned.  "Then why haven't you taken the crystal?"

       "I can no more wield the Silver Crystal than you could have the
Black Box integrated into your body.  You are of the House of
Serenity, the House of Jurai, for the two lines are one.  To them is
given the crystal to wield.  To them is given the power to become a
god."

       Priss said, "So you're not going to try to stop me from taking it?"

       He laughed.  "I want you to take it.  We have a common goal.
We both wish to see GENOM destroyed.  You can succeed where I
failed.  Take the crystal, and you will be unstoppable.  With the
Crystal, you could rip GENOM Tower up and fling it into the ocean.
You could find where the REAL Quincy is hiding and kill him.  But
that is not all.  As soon as you take the Crystal, Saturn will awaken.
Her power plus that of the crystal would be unstoppable, and she will
be yours to command.  You could reshape the world to your vision.
Don't you dream of a better world?"

        Priss had come this far without really thinking about what she
planned to do with the crystal besides liberating her sister.  "Nothing
is that powerful."

       "With the crystal, your mother obliterated an entire army.  She
gathered millions of souls and sent them thousands of years into the
future.  With the crystal, the original Queen Serenity turned the
moon from a lifeless rock into a habitable world.  All it takes is will
and a vision of what should be.  I know you possess both."

        For a moment, that vision possessed her mind.  She could see
herself destroying GENOM Tower.  Horrible deaths for all those who
had wrecked her life.  She remembered the prosperity and peace of
the Silver Millennium.  That could live again.  She could restore its
wisdom, awaken everyone's memories of that time that it might be
rebuilt.  It would all be so easy.  She had only to reach out and take
the gem and she would be avenged.

        She stepped closer to the gem.  Largo got out of her way.  Anri
tried to shout something, but Priss couldn't hear her.  She tried
blasting Largo, but her shots wouldn't pass through the doorway.
Priss was inches from taking the Silver Crystal, when a second
voice cut through the stillness that had settled on her mind.

       "Who died and made you God?"  It was Leon's voice.

       Priss froze in place and turned.  Largo stood to her left, and
Leon stood to her right.  "Leon?  How the fuck did you get here?"

       "Answer my question.  Where did you get the right to judge the
world and destroy all those you find wanting?"

       "Damnit, Leon!  I have the power!  I have to act!  If I can stop
GENOM and I don't, then I'm responsible for what they do!  They've
wrecked my life and millions of others!  The blood of innocents is
crying out for revenge!"

        "You can't repay evil with evil.  If you kill millions of GENOM
employees, you'll become worse than them.  Most GENOM
employees are just ordinary people trying to make a living.  And who
gave you the power of life and death?"

        "They killed my boyfriend, my best friend, and her closest
friend!  Their machines killed your first partner and they've killed
hundreds of others!  They've got to PAY!"

      "You've killed too, Priss.  Dozens of times."

      "They were all a bunch of piece of shit boomers!"

      "Are all boomers evil too?  So who isn't evil?  Why not just kill
all of humanity and start over if you're going to be Goddess Priss?  Isn't
everyone flawed?  Don't we all do bad things sometimes?  Or will
you just kill those you don't like and spare the rest?  Should we burn
offerings to you to appease your wrath?"

        "You should know she would never do that,"  Largo said.
"She's not a maniac."

        "You're not that way now...but power corrupts.  Do you really
think you can wield all that power like that and stay the same?"

        Priss hesitated.  "Don't you trust me, Leon?"

        "Do you really trust yourself that much?  Is this what your
mother would want you to do with the heritage she left you?  Do you
think this is what your sister would do?"

        "He's just trying to confuse you,"  Largo urged.  "Don't listen to
him.  If you don't take the crystal and use it, someone else will.
Don't you want your revenge?"

        Priss thought about what Leon had said.  What would Usagi do
with it?  Not destroy GENOM, that was for sure.  She was a healer,
not a warrior.  She turned and gazed upon the crystal.  It hung in the
air, waiting for her to take it.  It could heal or kill, as she desired.
I didn't come here for vengeance, she thought.  I came here for love.
I wanted to help my sister, to heal her, to set her free.  I can't believe
I almost let LARGO of all people lead me astray.  She stepped
forward and grasped the crystal.  White power rushed over her in a
tidal wave, washing through her body and soul.  She had made her
choice, and she chose life over death.

         Her uniform transformed as she assumed the traditional
uniform of the First Prince -- or in this case, Princess -- of the Sword.
She wore knee high brown boots and tan pants.  A black vest covered a tan
shirt with poofy sleeves.  There were black parallel slash-like tattoos
upon her cheeks, giving her a look somewhat like a racoon, and a blue
tattoo of a sword upon her brow.  Black gloves covered her hands,
one of which grasped her sword.  She brought the crystal around to
the sword and it fused into the hilt.  She held the sword high above.
"I, Princess Courage of the house of Serenity, have come to claim
that which belongs to my line, the Silver Crystal.  Let the Senshi
awake from their slumbers!  SET THEM FREE!"

        Largo snarled and evaporated.  The final test was over, and
Priss had passed it.  Leon smiled.  "Your mother would be proud.
My work is done.  I pray your friend will do as well in her trials to
come."  He faded away too, no more the real Leon than that had
been the real Largo.

       Priss was transfigured in shimmering light, white feathery wings
sprouting from her back, waves of power rushing out from her,
across subspace and into realspace.  Saturn's eyes snapped open.
The Awakening had begun.

***************************

       Sylvie stared in horror across the now destroyed garden.  Linna
had evaporated in the bolt from above.  Tears flowed from Sylvie's
eyes.  Someone gave themselves to save me again, she thought.
She's gone.  Sylvie's face hardened as she looked up into the cloud.
If you can die, I WILL kill you, she thought.

        At that moment, light erupted from every window and door of
the palace, washing across the grounds like a wave.  In its wake, the
damage that had been done was washed away.  Trees stood straight
and tall once more.  Flowers reached to the sky.  The grass was no
longer torn with great gashes of stone and clay.  The light struck the
cloud and it howled with a voice that sounded like the death cry of
an entire world.  Sylvie clutched her ears.

        The light washed through Sylvie.  She felt like her soul was on
fire, growing lighter by the second as parts of it caught fire and
burned away to ashes, which blew away in a spiritual wind.  What
remained behind glowed with a shining light.  If she could have seen
herself, she wouldn't have recognized herself.

         She could barely recognize Meylia when she turned to her.
Twin shining wings of blue light streamed out behind her, and her
hair blew in the wind of the crystal's power.  The tattoos upon her
cheeks and forehead shone with a soft blue light, and all her years
of age had dropped away.  She looked no older than Sylvie now.  As
she stood erect, all traces of the fear and worthlessness that had
paralyzed her was gone.  Sylvie hadn't realized her own clothing was
gone until she saw that Meylia was naked.  It was not the nakedness
of an adult, tainted by either arousal or shame, but that of a child,
who needed no clothing to stand before the world, the nakedness of
man and woman before the fall.

        For a  moment, all the tragedies of human existence faded
away.  All the pain of their lives took a vacation, and their hearts
were filled with joy.  The stars shone down upon them once again;
the evil, observing cloud burned away by hope and love.  Who knows
what joy lurks in the hearts of man?  

***************************

       Linna hovered in the mists above the cloud.  She gave a great
sigh of relief.  Same trick worked for me as worked for him, she
thought.  A voice boomed through the air.  "Fool me once, shame on
you.  Fool me twice, shame on you."  The cloud boiled up around
her.  She tried to teleport away, but it felt like pushing through a wall.
Shit, she thought.

       "Subspace is malleable to will, and my will is stronger than
yours will ever be.  I'm sorry I have to do this, Linna, but you leave
me no choice."  The cloud tried to force itself through cracks in her
hardsuit.  She focused her will and the cracks closed.

        Now the air pressure increased and her suit began to buckle.
She thought harder and the suit sprang back into shape, but the
pressure became stronger and stronger.  Mocking laughter
surrounded her as her suit finally gave way.  "You might have
beaten me if you'd chosen the right tactics, but a weakling like you
could never beat me in a test of strength.  I destroyed an entire city.
All you can destroy is yourself."

         Linna struggled, trying to fix the suit with her mind.  Normally,
she might have despaired and given up, but she wouldn't let this
bastard beat her.  "You can kill my body, but you won't get my soul,
you murdering bastard.  At least now I know why you sucked in bed."
She couldn't resist a last jab.

       "WHAT?  I do NOT suck in bed!"  The pressure eased slightly.

       Linna smiled faintly.  Guys can be so stupid sometimes.  "I tell
you, it was pretty hard faking an orgasm for your benefit."

       There was silence for a moment.  "You're lying."

        "So did you have your real one replaced with a toothpick or
were you always like that?"  Linna knew she was only delaying the
inevitable, but maybe someone would save her somehow if she
could keep him busy, or he might slip enough to enable her to try to
teleport away through subspace again.

        Unfortunately, he now chose to play the berserk rage card.
Linna could feel herself being crushed.  Bones hovered on the verge
of breaking.  At the same time, he wasn't thinking clearly enough to
block her well.  She gathered her will to try to flee one more time.

        Just as her ribcage began to break, he gave a great howl of
agony that nearly drove Linna deaf.  Linna seized her chance and
fled in a panic, vanishing into the mists.  As she vanished, the edge
of a wave of light struck her.  Seconds later, both she and her
tormentor were gone.

***************************

       Leon swore over and over and over at himself for being an idiot.
Now a boomer had him by the throat and was about to kill him.  A
second boomer was picking up Haruka and Michiru.  "Stop screwing
around and kill the guy already,"  she said.

         There was a moan from the table, and Usagi sat up, rubbing
her head.  The first boomer blinked.  "Didn't I anaesthetize you?"

         "Run, Usagi,"  Leon choked out.

         Usagi saw Leon being held by the throat, her friends being
carried off, and her husband lying battered on the floor.  "NO!  You
can't do this!"

         "Stop me."  the first boomer said.

         Usagi began to scream, an ear piercing wail that cut through
the walls, waking people up in adjacent buildings.  The second
boomer turned off its audio sensors in time. The first one
instinctively put its hands to its ears in a fit of stupidity, dropping
Leon in the process.  It was the most hideous sound it had ever
heard.  It tried to move forward and knock her out, but the sound
was too much for it.  The second boomer sighed and headed for her.

        It was at that moment that the two boomers picked up strange
radiation pulses from all the people in the room except Leon and
themselves.  They hesitated, trying to deduce the meaning of this.

        Leon, on the other hand, had a momentary vision, the first one
of his entire life.  He saw Priss, clad in pure white with wings like an
angel, holding a sword, hovering in the air before him.  She was
more beautiful than he had believed possible.  "Help us," he
whispered.  Something washed through him, a feeling of
reassurance and calm.  Somehow, he knew everything would be
okay.

       Usagi's screaming cut off like a switch turning off.  For a
moment, she was utterly silent, then she spoke in a voice that was
calm and full of assurance.  "Please go away.  I don't want to have
to hurt you."

       The first boomer laughed.  "As if you could hurt us."

        Usagi stood on the table and put her hand on the brooch that
was pinned to her blouse.  "I could destroy you, but I don't want to
have to.  Please don't make me."

        "Oh, I'm trembling."  The boomer walked forward, now that the
awful sound was over.

        Leon quietly crawled towards his gun.  Keep it up, Usagi, he
thought.  Keep them talking while I get my gun.

         "So be it,"  Usagi said sadly.  She raised one arm to the sky.
"MOON ETERNAL POWER!"    A wave of light rushed through the
room and she became Eternal Sailor Moon.  Her wings promptly
knocked a fifty thousand yen painting off the wall.

        The boomers hesitated for a moment, unsure how to react to
this.  In that second, they lost their chance to survive.  "Moon Tiara
Action!"  Well, actually it was one of her nicer plates, but it cut off 
their heads rather well.  It wouldn't be much use for dinner, though.  She
turned to Leon, "Are you okay, Leon?" then rushed over to her husband.

        Leon stared.  "I'll be better when Priss gets here...I really need
to learn to wait for backup."

        Sailor Moon smiled.  "I wouldn't want my future brother-in-law
to get killed."

        "You...you know?"

        "I know now.  She's coming for you, Leon.  You can trust in
that."

***************************

       Saturn bowed to Priss, smiling.  "Long have we waited for you."
She stretched.  "I feel refreshed.  But then if 30 years isn't enough
sleep for someone, you can't ever get enough sleep."

       Priss laughed.  The glow of the crystal faded now, and she
sheathed her sword.  The wings she had sprouted faded away, but
the new uniform remained.  "Come on, we've got to get back.
Everyone is expecting us."  Anri joined her and Saturn as they
retraced their steps through the palace.  The initial exhilaration of
coming fully into her power had faded, but she felt a strong current
of joy in her heart, and she could tell that Saturn and Anri did too.
They walked quietly through the palace, for they needed no words.

        They emerged into the garden where Sylvie and Meylia stood,
clad once more in their normal garb.  Unlike Priss, they looked
worried.  "Priss, have you seen Linna?" Sylvie asked very quietly.

        "Not since I headed into the palace.  She's missing?"

        "The last we saw of her, she lead the cloud's blasts away from
us, then vanished as one struck her."  Meylia said.  "We don't know
if she's alive or dead."  Her tone of voice was rather clear as to
which option she thought was the case."

        Priss couldn't believe it.  "She can't be dead!  She can't!"

        "Unless she's unconscious somewhere, she ought to be back
by now," Sylvie said quietly.  "I hope she's alive, but..."

        "We've got to find her!"  Priss looked around.  "There's a lot of
ground to search, but..."

        As she looked about, the entire grounds started to become
translucent.  Saturn said, "The test is over.  This place will dissolve
back into the mists."

        "We'll never find her if that happens!"

        "You'll never find her in subspace without someone who knows
the ways of it to guide you."  The group suddenly realized Pluto was
standing behind them.  "She is alive, thanks to you, Priss, but you
will not find her.  She must prepare herself for the test that lies
before her, and that is a road she must walk without you, just as you
faced your final test alone."

      "You knew this would happen, didn't you."  It wasn't a question.

      "What must be, must be.  I know where she is.  I could take you
there."

      "But you won't."

      "The consequences would be horrible beyond your imagination.
Sometimes, one person must drink the cup of suffering
undeservedly that others might be spared a draught that would
destroy them."

       "Damnit, it's my fault she got dragged into this!  Tell us where
she is so we can help her!"  Priss' voice wavered.  "Please.  I don't
know what it is you expect her to do, but if someone has to go, I'll
go.  Linna doesn't deserve to suffer."

        Pluto's calm expression cracked for a moment, and Priss could
see pain in Pluto's eyes.  "Because you believe you deserve to
suffer, you cannot do what she must."

        "How the fuck would you know?"  Priss shouted.  Sylvie laid a
hand on Priss's shoulder and tried to say something to calm her, but
Priss shouted over Sylvie.  "You won't even tell me where she is or
what she has to do!  What kind of goddamn game are you playing?"

       "One who seeks death cannot champion life."  She sighed.
"Until you truly make your peace with the dead, this task is beyond
you."  Pluto stared into Priss' eyes.  "How many times must a person
die?"

        "As many times as is necessary,"  Priss whispered.

        "This is necessary."  Pluto turned.  "Also, your friends need you
more than she does."

        "Linna is my friend, damnit!"

        "The majority of the Sailor Senshi are in the hands of GENOM.
Shiva's servants are on the march, and there is about to be a riot.
The Stingrays, Nene, and the house of Jurai are about to come
under an all out assault.  Finally, the man you love has been marked
for death.  Will you abandon them to their fate to thwart me?"

         Priss winced.  "DAMN YOU!!!"  She sagged.

        "For better and for worse, my soul is beyond mortal power,
much as I might wish otherwise."  Pluto cut open a hole in the
swirling mists with her staff.  "God speed you home and bless your
endeavours.  The curtain has risen on the final chapter of this war."
She stepped through the portal and vanished, leaving words hanging
in the air.  "The dance of Shiva has begun."






















Vanity of Vanities, says Quoheleth,
     vanity of vanities!  All things are vanity!
What profit has man from all the labor
     which he toils at under the sun?"

Ecclesiastes 1: 2-3.


Again I considered all the oppressions
that take place under the sun:
the tears of the victims with none to comfort them!
>From the hand of their oppressors come violence,
and there is none to comfort them!
And those now dead, I declared more fortunate
in death than are the living to still be alive.
And better off than both is the yet unborn,
who has not seen the wicked work that is done under the sun.

Ecclesiastes 4: 1-3.


Again I saw under the sun
that the race is not won by the swift,
nor the battle by the valiant,
nor a livelihood by the wise,
nor riches by the shrewd,
nor favor by the experts;
for a time of calamity comes to all alike.

Ecclesiates 9: 11


What man is he that yearneth
     For length unmeasured of days?
Folly mine eye discerneth
     Encompassing all his ways.
For years over-running the measure
     shall change thee in evil wise:
Grief draweth nigh thee; and pleasure,
     Behold it is hid from thine eyes.
This to their wage have they
     Which overlive their day...

Oedipus at Colonus, Sophocles


God has given me over to the impious;
     into the clutches of the wicked he has cast me.
I was in peace, but he dislodged me;
     he seized me by the neck and dashed me to pieces.
He has set me up for a target;
     his arrows strike me from all directions.
He pierces my sides without mercy,
     he pours out my gall upon the ground.
He pierces me with thrust upon thrust;
     he attacks me like a warrior.
I have fastened sackcloth over my skin,
     and have laid my brow in the dust.
My face is inflamed with weeping
     and there is darkness over my eyes,
Although my hands are free from violence,
     and my prayer is sincere.

Job 18:  11-17


Who can say, "I have made my heart clean,
      I am cleansed of my sin"?

Proverbs 20: 9


***

Chapter 17:  The Dance Of Shiva

***

     Aeka floated through space in Ryu-oh.  The operation had been a
success.  GENOM's space capabilities had not proven likely to be a
threat, but now GENOM had no capabilities at all.  Aeka wondered
again how her father could have ever let this world reach such a
state of affairs.  It was a Juraian colony, after all.  Why haven't we
taken a more active role?  Well, time enough to think of that later.
She turned to Tenchi.  "Well, I'm ready, dear."

       "It's a good thing Celia had this tape of Manami performing.
She's quite shy about showing off for us.  Are you sure we can use it
here, though?"  The device that was attached to the viewscreen
looked disturbingly jury-rigged.

       "Washuu built this for me a long time ago.  I'm pretty sure I
repaired it correctly."  Aeka put the tape into the off-mauve metal
box, then sat back on the bench with her husband.  They were sitting
inside one of Ryu-oh's gardens.

        The words 'Field Test 4--Microcamera 2' appeared on the view
screen.  The first few minutes consisted of various chest height
footage of a crowd trying to get into an auditorium that was too small
for it.

        "Wow, quite a mob of people coming to see the performance.
But the camera is jiggling a lot."

        Tenchi nodded.  "This was filmed on some sort of concealed
camera pin thing that Mackie took to the concert with him."  He
looked at his watch.  "I thought Ryouko was coming."

        "The last I saw of her, she and Mihoshi were trying to teach a
group of boomers to sing 'Yo ho ho and a bottle of rum' or
something.  I told her we were going to watch a tape of Manami
performing and she collapsed laughing, so I gave up."

        Finally, the camera steadied, showing an empty stage.  A few
moments later, the opening band, Sonic and the Royal Family came
on.  When Aeka recognized Manami, she nearly fainted.  When
Manami started singing, she did faint.

***

      Deep in the swirling mists of subspace, SHIVA stirred.  It was
time.  One servant had failed to gain the Crystal, but he might still
prove useful.  SHIVA stretched out a hand and gathered the drifting
remains of his servant from the void, feeding him power and
renewing him.  Slowly, the being that had come to think of himself
as Z returned to consciousness.  "Master?"

       YOU FAILED ME.

       "Yes, I did.  I let myself be distracted by that girl."

        THE DREAMWALKER.

        "I should have ignored her and gone after the crystal.  I can see
that now."  Death clears the mind wonderfully.  Thousands of years
of building madness had faded to a duller roar.  The clarity of his
purpose had returned.

        YOU WON'T MAKE THAT MISTAKE AGAIN.  It was not a
question.

        "What shall I do, master?"

        SHOW ME WHAT YOU HAVE SEEN OF HER.

        Z opened his mind to his master, creator, lord, and god.

        If a god could start, SHIVA would have.

       SO, SHE IS THE ONE.

        "I don't understand."

        YOU COULD NOT.  I WONDERED WHEN THEY WOULD
MEDDLE IN THIS.  NOW I KNOW.  GO, FIND THE CRYSTAL AND
BRING IT TO ME.  I MUST DEAL WITH THIS ONE MYSELF.  IT IS
NO WONDER YOU FAILED.  THOUGH HOW THEY HOPED TO
FOOL ME WITH THIS TRICK A SECOND TIME...

        "I thought she died.  I could feel her dying as I...died."

        ARE YOU STILL DEAD?

        "No."

         THERE'S YOUR ANSWER.  NOW GO.

         Z went.

***

        Linna floated in the void, naked to the world, not that there was
anything in the mist to see her.  So this is what death feels like, she
thought.  Her body still ached.  I thought at least the pain went away.
She wished for a nice soft comfy bed and got one.  I guess I'm still in
subspace, she thought.  I must not have really died.

        "It depends on your definition of death," said a voice nearby.  It
was the voice of Master Hiromi.

         Linna rolled over on the bed.  "Well, if I'm dead, I don't have a
body, so I shouldn't be feeling any pain.  Did we win?"

         Linna finally saw Master Hiromi.  Or to be more precise, the
being that sounded like Master Hiromi.  She was dressed, for one
thing, in a long blue satin Chinese style dress slit up along the
thighs.  For another thing, she looked thirty to forty years younger
than Linna remembered her Master being.  Her hair was long, not
cut short, and it was a pleasant green instead of grey.  Only her eyes
remained the same, though they now twinkled with a light Linna had
rarely seen in her Master's eyes.  "The battle has only begun, Linna.
Priss found the crystal, if that is what you mean, and none of your
companions have yet fallen."

          Linna tried to sit up.  "Ugh.  I've got to go help them."  She
flopped over and fell back down.  "Aaaaah, my ribs...."

          The woman walked over to her.  "Your ribcage has been
crushed, more bones than I know the names for are broken, and
only the gods know how much internal damage to your organs."

         "Master Hiromi, is that really you?  You look so..."

         The woman laughed.  "Young?  That is because Master Hiromi
is dead."

         Linna choked.  "No..."

         "Yes.  Losing her dream self was too much for an old woman.
Normally, it would have only turned her into a vegetable, but given
her age, she died."  She put a hand on Linna's forehead and the
worst of the agony faded.

         "I...then who are you?"

         "Tz'u Hsi was the egg.  Master Hiromi was the caterpillar.
Death was the cocoon.  I am the butterfly."

        "But if you're dead...but you say I'm not?"

         "You hover on the verge of death.  You must either step
forward and embrace your destiny, or step backwards and pray that
Chance will master Fate on your behalf."

         Linna was thoroughly confused.  "But if I'm not dead, how can
you be here?"

        "I did not say I was dead.  I said that Hiromi's body died.  It is
better that way.  She was miserable, now I am content."

          Linna had the vague feeling Master Hiromi was trying to teach
her another lesson, but the haze of pain in her head made it hard to
think.  "You said I don't have to die?"

       "You need but ask and this cup will be taken from you.  Only a
willing sacrifice truly has power."

         "What...what will happen if I do not die?"

        "I cannot see the future.  You will be free to rejoin your
friends. Perhaps there is another who can accomplish this task.  I do not
know who that person might be.  I am no god or goddess, no mistress of
fate.  I would go in your place if I could, but I cannot.  I must await my
turn to reenter the dance of life.  These are my last footsteps upon the
stage for a time."

        Linna didn't want to die, but she knew Master Hiromi had never
lied to her.  "What will happen to me if I...chose to die?"

        "You will face the greatest test of your life, with your soul on
the line.  You will experience pain you cannot possibly imagine.  You will
experience horrors that would break me in an instant.  That is why
no one can make you do this.  SHIVA will try to destroy you.  He
must be faced, or he will destroy us all.  Will you face him, Linna?"

         "He's the one behind all this?"

         "So he believes."

         "I'll go.  What do I have to do?"  She winced.  "Please tell me I
don't have to do it with my ribs broken."

         "No more than my hair is gray."  She pulled a sword out of the
air.  It was the one that Linna had seen so many times on Hiromi's
weapon rack.  "Angels of the Four Corners, I invoke thee. "  She
scratched a circle in the mist around the bed.  Silver fire sprung up
in her wake.  She paused at each of the four points of the compass.
"Raphael, who comes with the morning's glow, I invoke thee.
Michael, who leads the armies of Heaven, I invoke thee.  Gabriel,
who bears the messages of the Lord of Heaven, I invoke thee.
Uriel, who bears death with the setting sun, I invoke thee.  Come
now and open the way.  Send one to bear this one, thy servant, to
her fate."  The ring of silver fire surrounded them now, cutting off all
view of the mists of subspace.

        "Wow, I never knew you practiced magic like this,"  Linna said.

        The one who had once been Hiromi laughed.  "I saw this on an
anime once, that's all..."

         As a winged figure appeared and snatched Linna away, Linna
managed to gasp out, "You're kidding!"

       "In subspace, all you need is will...anything else is just a focus
for your mind, a crutch to help you believe.  Remember that!"

***

      Sailor Moon and Leon managed to revive everyone.  Mamoru
smiled at Sailor Moon.  "Nice to see I didn't forget EVERYTHING
this time."

       Sailor Moon laughed.  "No hanging around in a turban, either."

        Leon pretended he had any idea what they were talking about.
"So I suppose you're Tuxedo Kamen."

        Mamoru stood and transformed in an instant.  "You're right,
Leon."

        Across the room, Haruka sat quietly and stared at the wall.
Michiru touched his shoulder.  "Haruka-kun."

        Silence.

        "Haruka-kun."

        Silence.

       She leaned closer and whispered into his ear.  "Haruka-kun."

        Silence.

        This time, she tried shouting.  "HARUKA-KUN!!!!!!"

         Haruka visibly wobbled like a weeble, then spoke quietly.
"What am I, Michiru?"

        "You're the one I love."

        "Don't evade my question."

        "If you're asking why the crystal made you a boy for thirty four
years, I can't answer that.  Maybe it's because your past self in the
Silver Millennium was a boy.  I don't know.  You'd know better than I
would."

        "What's going to happen if I transform?  I don't know how to be
a girl anymore."  He shuddered faintly.

        Michiru hugged him tightly.  "You never were that good at
being feminine anyway."

        He rolled his eyes.  "You're a big help."

        "Dammit, I don't KNOW what to tell you!  You keep acting like I
could shake my magic wand and make this all go away so you
wouldn't have to deal with it!"  Michiru tried to rein in her temper and
succeeded.  "Whatever happens, I will love you.  I have loved you
as a boy and as a girl, and both loves were true, for it was the same
person that I loved.  You love me, don't you?"

        Haruka turned and hugged Michiru fiercely.  "With all my
heart."  He sighed.  "I just feel like there's something here...like I'm
supposed to learn something, but I don't know what."

       Sailor Moon came over.  "Are you okay, Haruka?  What's
wrong?"

       Haruka bowed his head.  "I'm just...I'm fine, Princess."  He
stood up.  "We've got to go save the others.  They should have
contacted us by now if they weren't being held captive."

        Michiru stood up as well.  "Assuming they remember."

        Sailor Moon smiled.  "I felt my sister touching them all.  She
has awakened each and everyone of us.  We must go to them.
GENOM has them, no doubt."  She turned to Leon.  "Leon, this is
Haruka and Michiru, also known as Sailor Uranus and Sailor
Neptune."

         "Nice to meet you."  Leon did a double-take.  "Wait.  SAILOR
Uranus?"

         Haruka winced.  "My life is kinda complicated."

        Leon looked at Haruka again.  "Hey, I've seen you in races,
haven't I?  I saw you get interviewed on ESPN a loooong time ago."

         Haruka smiled.  "I was born to run like the wind."  He turned to
Sailor Moon.  "We must go.  I don't have my car, but you two have
one, right?"

       Leon heard ADPolice vehicles arriving outside.  "Hmm.  Sounds
like my co-workers are arriving, unless sirens are now in fashion.  I
don't suppose someone besides me could stick around long enough
so I can make a report without looking insane again?  I already..."  A
thought struck him.  "So Bishop Hino IS Sailor Mars, right?"

        Sailor Moon blinked.  "How did you know that?"

        He laughed.  "I used my special Moon Detection Powers and
figured it out from the red sand on her shoes."

         "You have special Moon Detection Powers?"  Sailor Moon
asked.  "Can you use them to figure out where our friends are?"

        Leon would have facefaulted if he could have stopped laughing
so hard he couldn't stand up anyway.

***

     Wasyuu sat and typed away, pretending she wasn't watching the
subspace door out of the corner of one eye and that she wasn't
starting to worry.  A tiny bell rang.  "Ahh, this search finally
finished."

        She clicked a button and the screen divided, shoving her
current work to one side.  Two pictures came up on the screen.  Ah,
so I've finally located what I've been looking for.  The first picture
was someone she expected to see.  I thought he'd be one of them.
Then she looked at the second picture and nearly choked.

       It's not possible.  It has to be a coincidence.  Deep down,
Wasyuu knew better, but sometimes lying to yourself is the only way
to cope.

***

       Quincy strode through the halls of GENOM.  It  was time to take
desperate measures.  Z ran around a corner, wearing the curly blond
haired body again.  Quincy glanced over at him.  "I take it you
failed.

        "I made many unnecessary mistakes."

         Quincy laughed at him.  "Is there such a thing as a necessary
mistake?"

        Z ignored the laughter.  "How many of the Sailors and their friends 
have we secured?"

        "All of the Inner Senshi except Sailor Moon.  Their husbands.
Pluto's husband.  However, due to ADPolice intervention, we seem
to have lost Sailor Moon, Tuxedo Kamen, Uranus, and Neptune.
Nor have we found Pluto.  Unlike the others, she seems to have
known we were coming, as we should have expected."

         They continued walking rapidly down the hallway.  "It will have
to do.  It's enough for me to lure them here where I can hopefully
destroy them, or use their friends as hostages for force them to hand
over the crystal."

         "If my memories and research are correct, Uranus and
Neptune would probably let you slay the others and themselves
before they'd hand over the Silver Crystal,"  Quincy pointed out.

         Z laughed.  "Perhaps it is better that we did not capture Sailor
Moon then, eh?  Whoever among the dreamwalker's friends found
the crystal, she will no doubt bring it to Sailor Moon, and we both
know that while Sailor Moon has many powers, ruthlessness is not
one of them.  She will give us the crystal to save her friends.  She
would give her life if she had to."

        "What of the dreamwalker?"

        "She is dead."  He knew he shouldn't lie, but he didn't want to
admit he had failed so miserably in front of Quincy.

        Quincy raised an eyebrow.  "You slew a dreamwalker in
subspace.  I suppose you created a new race of sentients while you
were at it."

         "I felt her die."

        "Let me guess.  You threw her in the briar patch?"

        Z frowned.  "She's DEAD, X.  Dead.  She's not coming back."
Not if the master is going to deal with her.

       "Where shall I tell her to find you?"

        Z frowned.  "With the prisoners."  He strode off, then cursed
himself for actually answering that question.

***

       The door in Wasyuu's laboratory opened up. She cursed and
quickly wiped away her tears, then turned to face the returning band
of heroines.  Priss stepped through first, looking rather angry,
followed by Sylvie and Anri, with Meylia bringing up the rear.
Wasyuu stared at Priss.  "What are you doing in Juraiian battle
garb?"

        "What's it to you?  I'll wear what I fucking want to."

         Sylvie said, "Mother...we...lost Linna.  Priss is upset."

         Wasyuu sighed.  "I was afraid she wasn't ready for this.
Tsunami should have gone with you.  She's much more experienced
than that child."

          Priss glared at Wasyuu.  "Linna is not a child!  Dammit, none
of us were ready for this!  Don't give me your goddamn
condescension!"  She stormed over and glared down at Wasyuu.
"You childish bitch.  Is this all just some experiment to you?"

         Wasyuu rarely gave herself to rage.  Anger was unhealthy,
pointless and unscientific.  It was her policy to never get angry, but
for Priss, she would make an exception.  She glared back at Priss.
"If I was truly childish, I would kill you now.  You will never leave this
lab alive if I do not let you leave.  AND WHO ARE YOU TO CALL
ME CHILDISH?"  She reined in her voice.  "I am the second oldest
living being on this planet.  When I was born, your ancestors were
banging rocks together to make fire.  When I was imprisoned by
Kagato, your ancestors had just figured out that you could do
interesting things with iron."  Wasyuu began to grow, assuming her
adult form, which could look Priss in the eye.  "You weren't even a
sperm and an egg when I got out of that imprisonment.  I have
visited five galaxies.  I have seen entire star systems die.  I have
outlived my entire species.  Do you know how many people I have
had to watch die?  People I cared about?  You whine and pule
because your family died in a fucking earthquake.  A nova wiped out
my homeworld while I was trapped and could do NOTHING.  The
last of my race died friendless and alone when your island was
inhabited by rock worshipping barbarians.  Do you know how many
friends I have lost over the years?  Laboratory accidents alone have
claimed more people than you will ever meet.  I could populate this
city with my dead."

        She stepped forward, and Priss retreated.  "My husband was
TAKEN from me and there was nothing I could do.  My infant child
was pulled from my arms and taken away...then they both DIED in a
shuttle accident that would never have happened if they had stayed
with me.  I lost the love of my life because I wasn't 'high class'
enough for his family.  I didn't have a pedigree good enough for
them, as if I was some sort of rarlycor or a trained pirta.  I didn't 
trust anyone for thousands of years.  He BETRAYED ME and
locked me away for THREE THOUSAND YEARS.  I sat, trapped,
alone, with NOTHING to do, for three thousand years.  Do you think
you could have dealt with that?"

         Priss struggled to speak, but she couldn't.  She had finally
made someone angrier than she was, and she didn't know what to
do.  Five millnenia of repressed anger was targeted on her.  She
staggered back, nearly tripping over a machine.  Meylia tried to
move between the two, but Sylvie and Anri held her back.

         "I finally loved again...and I LOST OUT TO MY OWN
DAUGHTER!  Do you know how HUMILIATING that is?  How
humiliating it is to be in love with someone I am 79 times older
than?  The worst part of it is that I can't stop!  He's been married for
over twenty years and I still can't turn off the goddamn emotions
every time I SEE HIM!  You whine about losing people you loved!
At least they aren't around, taunting you unmercifully just by existing
with a love you know will never be!  I was beaten by a virtual
INFANT compared to me and by my own child!"  Wasyuu was getting
louder and louder.  Sylvie began moving towards her, worried she
was going to snap and do something permanent to Priss.

        "And the worst part of it, is that I can't do anything about it!
I could strap him in a machine and make him love me in an instant,
but that wouldn't be real.  I could destroy my own daughter to get rid of 
one of my rivals, but I couldn't do that because I love my children more
than I love myself.  I could destroy Aeka, but he wouldn't like that."
Her voice dipped.  "And that means more to me than anything else in the
world.  I can pretend to be the uncaring beast I became after I lost my
husband, but it's not fun anymore if it makes him unhappy."  She paused. 
"WHY THE HELL AM I TELLING YOU THIS, YOU LITTLE BRAT!  DAMN YOU FOR 
MAKING ME TALK ABOUT THIS!!!!!"

          Sylvie moved to Wasyuu's side.  "Mother..."  Her voice had a
warning tone to it.

          Priss cowered.  Fear had taken her.  Only her pride kept her
from turning and fleeing for her life.

        For a moment, Wasyuu glared at Sylvie, then suddenly she
deflated like a balloon, sagging back into her child-like form.  She
sighed.  "You're right, daughter.  I'm being childish, just as bad as
I'm accusing her of being."

         Sylvie hugged Wasyuu tightly.

       Washuu turned to Priss and said, "Dammit, child!  Your entire
world is going to fucking DIE if we don't all hold ourselves together!
This isn't just some excuse for you to act out your damn death wish!
Linna knew the risks she was taking!  The risks you take every day!
I'm sure SHE wouldn't be whining and picking fights with people if
YOU were dead!  I'm sorry she died and I wish it hadn't happened, but 
we HAVE to go on.  If you want to die and go join her, I'll be happy to 
oblige you, but otherwise, we need to work together so her sacrifice 
won't be in vain.  So what's it going to be?"

         Priss cursed herself for falling apart and said quietly, "We work
together.  I...I'm sorry."

        "I'm the one who should be sorry, Priss.  At my age, I ought to
have learned not to get carried away like that."  Wasyuu sighed.  "I'll
contact the others.  I suppose you're going to go find your sister
now."

        Priss nodded, unnaturally subdued.  "We're off to find her."
And Leon, she thought.  "Let's go."

        She and Meylia and Sylvie headed for the exit to realspace.
Anri hung back and went over to Wasyuu, hugging her.  "Are you
going to be okay, mom?"

        Wasyuu sagged.  "I haven't been that angry since Kagato
imprisoned me.  I thought I'd never be that angry again.  I must
have spent entire weeks in a fugue of berserk anger at times, even 
though I couldn't move.   I'd spend entire days planning a five year 
cycle of tortures to use on him when I got out.  Finally, all the rage 
burned out of me.  I didn't think I'd ever get angry again after that.  
But then, I never thought I'd love again either."

        "You want me to stay with you?"

        "Go with Priss, child.  She needs you.  Let your caution and
your love temper her rage and her impulsiveness."  She sighed.
"She is so much like your sister Ryouko."

        Anri turned to go.  "Are you sure you'll be okay?"

        "I'll be fine."  Wasyuu put on her best smile.  "May the currents
guide you and the wind be ever at your back, guiding you home to
harbor.  I sail into the setting sun, bidding you farewell, until we meet
again beyond the sea or on it."  She hugged her daughter.  "Go out
and show them how it's done."

         Anri laughed and departed.  "Bye, Mom.  Don't lock the door
before I get home."  She flew off, unaware that Wasyuu had bid her
farewell with the traditional farewell used by inhabitants of her
homeworld who expected to die before they met again.

***

       Quincy punched in the authorization codes, then turned to
Director Anna Holmes and Executive Vice President Ryu Matanabe.
They nodded grimly and punched in their authorization codes.
Quincy put the helmet over his head and merged with the Overmind
System.  X flowed out of him and into the system.   In an instant, he
became one with it.  In theory, the Overmind system would allow a
human to take control of ANY boomer in the world instantly and
control it utterly.  Bulk generic orders could be issued to hundreds of
boomers, but only a handful could actually be puppeted at a time,
for a human mind was limited.  When it came to machines, X's limits
transcended humans by an almost unimaginable factor.  With such a
tool, he felt he could move the world.  He was close to the mark.

        Thousands of boomer minds became one.  X linked the arcane
powers of the ancient node upon which he had purposefully built
GENOM Tower to the Overmind System.  It was about to do things
which its designers had never intended.  While it held out under the
strain, he would be the next best thing to a god.

      It took X instants to master the mind of every boomer in SDPC.
It took under a half an hour to determine that he had been tricked.
SDPC had nothing to do with the takeover of Genaros, or the
missing satellites, or the missing Ingrams.  Then he tried to find the
Ingrams and something blocked him, even at his augmented level of
power.  He began to batter through the barrier, which began to yield,
but very, very slowly.  Nothing could stand before his might.  He had
been tricked, and he knew who must be responsible.  He could
sense them now, scattered about the city, the world...He could feel
the House of Jurai's members, like ants biting his skin.  Power
intoxicated him.  He would crush them beneath his heels.

        Boomers swarmed like flies, and he laughed.  They will die!
ALL OF THEM!  Power corrupts.  If you're already corrupt...it lets
you make a really big mess.  X had kept his sanity in part by
restrained use of his powers, by not tapping the source of both his
power and his kind's tendencies to madness.  He was lost in power
now, like a drunkard falling off the wagon, gone on a bender of
absolute power.  All would know his might.

***

      Linna stared at the woman who was carrying her.  Her hair was
long and black, and there was a blue circle on her forehead.  She
wore red and blue baggy clothing and possessed a pair of huge
white beautiful wings.  Her age was hard to determine, but she
seemed to be around Linna's age or maybe a little older.  Her eyes
sparkled with glee, and she had a huge hammer on a stick strapped
to her back.  She spoke loudly.  "So, you're the one."

      Linna squirmed.  "Oww...owww...owwwwwww....this really hurts
being carried like this."

      "Oh yeah, broken ribs.  Sorry about that.  We're almost there."
The mists parted over a huge lake.  "Ahh, there we are."  The lake
stretched out to infinity, and the only way Linna knew it wasn't a sea
was that there was no smell of brine.  "You ready?"

       "If you make me...owwwww...swim, I'm going to hurt you."

       "I guess I'm about to suffer."  She let go of Linna, who
screamed as she plummeted into the water.  "Just be glad you're not
a bug!"  she shouted at Linna.  "I don't have to hit you with my
hammer too!"

       Linna struck the water, which embraced her with warm arms.
For a moment, her body was racked with agony, as if her flesh was
being torn from her bones.  She thanked the gods she had at least
managed to get her mouth shut before she hit the water so she
wouldn't drown.  She struggled to try to stop descending, realizing as
she did so that the aches and pains in her body had lessened.
Struggling to reach the surface, she realized she'd never make it in
time.  I'm going to freaking drown.

       Something was moving in the water.  It was the angel.  "Open
your mouth and breathe," she said.  "If you try to hold your breath,
you'll suffocate!"

       Linna couldn't reply.  She kept trying to swim to the surface,
praying she'd make it before she ran out of air.

       "Damnit, Linna, if you don't breathe, you'll die!  In subspace,
you CAN hold your breath until you die again!  Your will is stronger
than your instincts!  The water won't kill you, but YOU can!"

       Linna stared at her.  This had to be some kind of trick.  I can't
breathe water.

       "Yes you can!  You just have to believe!  Have a little faith!  I
wouldn't bring you here to die!"

       Linna closed her eyes.  She believed, opened her mouth, and
lived.  She felt the water flowing into her, bringing her new life.   The
pain ebbed from her body.  She savoured the sweet taste of the
water in her mouth.  She spoke in amazement, "What is this?"

        "The mother of all waters and their grave.  The ocean beyond
oceans.  The great sea of the water of life.  You have been
immersed and made clean."  The angel did an idle backflip in the
water.  "Oh, by the way, my name is Skuld."

        Linna laughed like a small child, zipping about.  She had
always loved to swim.  "It feels so warm.  I feel like I could stay here
forever."

        "Sadly, we cannot.  We must go now that you are healed."

        "Do we have to?  Can't I stay a little while longer?"  Linna idly
did a backstroke through the water.

        "A pleasure can be experienced, but if we cling to it, it turns to
bitterness in our mouth.  Those who cling to past pleasures become
incapable of experiencing new ones.  We must take the adventure
that Kamisama has put before us."

       "In other words, you can never go home again."

       "Not in the same way.  Even if it does not change, you will.  Let
us go."  She dived deeper into the water and Linna followed her.
After what seemed like hours of swimming, they reached the bottom
of the lake and dove into a deep tunnel further into the earth below.

     The tunnel finally opened up into a pool in a dimly lit cavern.
Huge stalagmites and stalactites poked down from the ceiling and
up from the floor, forming strange shapes that seemed to change
whenever Linna didn't look directly at them.  She clambered out of
the water, and was instantly dry.

       "Lead on, Virgil,"  she said to Skuld, who laughed.

       "Then who is Beatrice?"  Skuld said, winking.

       "A very large corporation.  I've invested quite a bit in Beatrice,"
Linna said.

       Skuld laughed louder.  "This way, sahib."  They walked through
the caverns, which were lit only by dim phosphorescent lichens and
the glow from Skuld's wings.

       The cavern narrowed into a tunnel, and the tunnel ended at a
door.  A young girl playing with a Minky Momo plushie stood in front
of the door.  "Who are you that would pass my door?"

       "My name is Linna, little girl."

       "I'm not LITTLE!"  the girl tried to bellow.  She was almost as
terrifying as an angry smurf.  "Why are you naked?"

       Linna started, suddenly realizing she was naked.  The answer
swam into her mind.  "Because I have just been born, and I was
born with no clothing."

        The child opened the door.  "Take the clothing that awaits you
and pass on with my blessing."

        Beyond the door, the tunnel continued.  Just beyond the door
was a hook in the wall, on which hung a simple white robe and a
belt.  Linna put it on and tied it at the waist with the belt.  Walking
onwards with Skuld, she asked, "How much farther must we go?"

         "Until you are ready for what is to come."

***

       Linna reached a second door, this one manned by a teenage
girl.  "Why have you no weapons and armor?" the girl asked.

       "My body is the only weapons and armor I was born with."

       The girl nodded.  "Arm yourself then with your weapons, put on
your armor, and pass on with my blessing."

       Linna opened the door and found a staff of oak and a blue
headband like she always wore.  She wrapped it round her head,
took up the staff and moved on.  "How much further, Skuld?"

       "As far as is necessary."

***

        Ryu, Macky, Manami, and Nene had almost finished dinner
when suddenly a threatening presence loomed over the table.  They
didn't notice it at first, which made it even madder.  Ryu said to
Nene, "You DO have the tickets for ADPolice Academy II, right?"

       Nene sighed.  "I DO have the tickets."  I think.

       Manami ignored the vague feeling she had of doom.  THIS date
will go well, she thought.  It's going well so far.  No reason for me to
panic.

        Mackie had that feeling of doom as well.   Looking up, he saw a
very angry Aeka looming over Manami from behind.  "Um, Manami-
chan..."

        "Yes?"

        "Does your mother normally tag along on your dates and loom
menacingly over you?"

        "WHAT?"

        Ryu looked over.  "Oh, hi, Mother.  What's up?  Did something
go wrong?"

        Aeka tried to speak, but nothing but incoherent sputtering came
out.

        Manami turned around and paled.  "Mother, what's wrong?"
Manami had a feeling she knew exactly what was wrong.

         At this point, Tenchi ran in the front door of the restaurant.
"Aeka, calm down!"  I never thought she could move this fast, he
thought.

        "Music..."  Aeka managed to grate out.  "Evil Muuuussssiii- icccc...."

       Macky blinked.  "Evil music?"

       Ryu said, "Looks like that secret's blown.  You won't mind if I
take Nene and hide on another planet, will you, Manami?"

       Manami would have said something, but her mother was
strangling her.  Tenchi ran over and tried to pull Aeka off of Manami. Ryu 
got up and tried to help his dad.  Macky and Nene stood and watched 
helplessly, making occasional useless inane comments.

       Noa saw this and got up, excusing herself from her friends.  It's my 
duty to resolve this as the manager, she thought.  She came
over.  "Excuse me, but brawling is against our rules here."

       "I'm sorry, Mrs. Shinohara,"  Tenchi said.  "My wife just found
out our daughter is in a punk band and she's not handling it well."

        Manami flailed about pointlessly as her mother babbled
incoherently at her about honor, duty, and suicide.  Ryu finally
managed to pry one of Aeka's arms from around Manami's throat so
she could breathe.

       Noa laughed a little.  "Don't make me sic Alphonse on you,
ma'am.  I'd really appreciate it if you could stop strangling your
daughter so I won't have to make a scene."

       Aeka took a deep breath and let go.  "Manami...how could
you?"

       Her voice was very quiet.  "Because I like music like that."

       Aeka began to cry herself a river.  "I've failed as a mother."
Blah blah blah.  The usual rant about ungrateful children, bringing
dishonor on the family for generations to come, a thousand years of
solitude, followed.  Most of the group turned off their ears having
heard this a thousand times before.  Tenchi started timing it with his 
stopwatch.

        Finally, Noa said, "Well, if you're all done strangling each
other..."

        Tenchi nodded.  "She should keep going another three
minutes, then she'll be okay."

        Noa turned to go.  The army of boomers chose that moment to
break through the walls.  It was a motley horde, ranging from haircut
boomers to pet boomers to a smattering of combat boomers.  The
four combat boomers began to rake the room with gunfire.  Guests
fled for their lives or died on the spot.  John McClaine kicked over
his group's table and pulled everyone down behind it.  He turned to
his wife.  "See, I told you.  NO MORE VACATIONS EVER AGAIN!
I've  had ENOUGH of this."  His wife bowed her head, defeated.

         The horde of boomers began to rampage, laying waste to the
restaurant.  The four combat boomers turned and homed in on the
table Noa had gone over to.  They zoomed across the room and
their particle cannons warmed up.  Asuma watched in horror as they
fired at his wife.  Beams of blue energy crossed the room in an
instant, homing in on the five people they were being egged on to
kill by a commanding voice that could not be denied.  Four of their
targets possessed the blood of Jurai, and one was the especial
enemy of the voice driving them onwards.  A semi-innocent
bystander stood in the blast zone as well, but she would just be
gravy.

        Asuma closed his eyes.  He couldn't bear to watch.  All fell
silent for a moment.  There was no screaming.  Somehow, he could
tell Noa was okay, though his mind couldn't believe that was
possible.  He opened his eyes, and could hardly believe what he
saw.  Noa was unhurt and now running towards Alphonse.  The man
whose wife had been strangling his daughter stood between the
boomers and his family, one arm outstretched.  Just beyond his
hand, three six foot long white wedges floated in the air, glowing
brightly.  The boomers fired a second time and the three wedges
stopped the blasts.

       An instant later, waves of light and sound erupted from the
vicinity of that table.  The man's wife and daughter turned and fired
energy blasts at two of the combat boomers, blowing them to tiny
bits.  The man's son disappeared and reappeared behind a third
boomer, slicing its head off with an energy blade.  The red haired
girl somehow called up a battlesuit from nowhere.

        Soon, the tide of battle turned.  Noa scrambled up into
Alphonse and activated him.  The various menial labor boomers
were almost as effective against Alphonse as toy soldiers against an
M-1 tank.  Three more combat boomers arrived, and lived long
enough to fire off two or three shots.  Juraiians ran wild, blowing
boomers to tiny bits.  Within about four minutes, it was all over.

        Kanuka whispered to Asuma, "Please tell me this doesn't
happen frequently in Mega-Tokyo."

        "This doesn't happen frequently in Mega-Tokyo."

         Moemi stood up.  "Good job, Mom!  You been practicing on
the neighbors again?"

         Noa laughed.  "I'm practicing for my starring role in Labor Day
Labor Massacre II."

***

       Linna reached a third door, guarded by a woman in the fullness
of maturity.  She smiled at Linna.  "Why have you no wings with
which to fly?"

       "I was not born with wings.  My dance is the only wings I
possess."

       The woman nodded.  "That is wings enough.  Pass on with my
blessing."

       Linna opened the door and as she stepped through it, wings
sprouted from her back, erupting through the robe she wore.  She
stopped in shock and instinctively flapped her wings once, sending
Skuld's hair flying.  "Can I really fly with these, Skuld?"

       "As far as is necessary."

        Linna blinked.  "Are you listening to me, Skuld?"

        Skuld laughed.  "Sorry, couldn't resist.  Yes, Linna, wings are
made for flying."

***

      Linna reached a fourth door, this one manned by an old woman
who looked hauntingly familiar, yet Linna could not recognize her.
"Why have you no wisdom?"

      "I was born with only my heart to guide me."

      "That is all the wisdom you will ever need.  Follow your heart,
Linna, and pass on to the battle that awaits you."  She opened the
door for Linna.

       Skuld said, "My journey with you is ended, Linna.  Go forth, and
meet your destiny."

       "But...I don't know what I must do."

       "Did you not hear what you just said?  Open yourself to wisdom
and it will come to your heart.  Go forward with courage and you will
know what to do."  Skuld stepped forward and hugged Linna.  "May
the Lord of Heaven bless you and hold you in the palm of his hand."

       "Thank you, Skuld."  Linna prayed it was true, turned, and
stepped through the door.

***

       Celia cursed.  The city was going to hell in a handbasket, the
Knight Sabres were scattered all over creation, and in fact, one of
them was dead, or at best, gone.  Priss was off somewhere hunting
for the Sailors.  Nene was halfway across town along with most of
Celia's relatives.  The only person actually in the building with her
was Youshou, although Ryouko and Sasami would be here soon.
Mihoshi and Kiyone were coming, but they were halfway around the
planet right now and it would take them a little while.

        Youshou looked up.  "I agree.  Being caught off guard like this
is not good.  They must have realized we were going after the
Crystal and wanted to strike first."

        "Damnit, I never should have let Macky go on that date."  She
sat down hard and pulled herself together.  "I should have
anticipated this."

        "No one expects you to be all-knowing, great-granddaughter.
We have all made mistakes.  Indeed, I have had many more years
than you to make mistakes and have made many more."  He cocked
his head slightly.  "I believe Ryouko is here."

        A few seconds later, she phased up through the floor.  "Hiya,
gramps.  Hi, Celia.  So when do we go blow up the Tower?"

        Celia smiled faintly.  "We have to wait for everyone to get
here."

        Ryouko sat down in the air.  "Right.  Maybe I should nip across
town and see how Tenchi is doing."

        "He's fine.  Sasami is going to pick them up."  Youshou said.

         Celia blinked.  "Can't they just drive?"
        "Excuse me, I have to make a phone call."  He got up and left.

       Ryouko frowned.  "He's up to something."

       "How can you tell?"

        "He's breathing."

***

      Linna stood in a vast Roman-style arena, at the bottom of a
huge pit surrounded by vast stands of stone seats reaching up to the
sky.  A blue sky vaulted over the arena, though she couldn't see the
sun anywhere.  The arena was empty, but clean, as if it had just
been prepared for a grand event.  Linna looked back and the door
through which she had entered was gone.  Now what?  No one is
here, she thought, and there's no way to get up out of the arena pit.
She turned round and round, then remembered her wings.  So how
do I take off?  I guess I'll try the Superman method.  She ran across
the arena, flapping her wings, then jumped.  She soared up into the
air.

        For a few minutes, Linna lost herself in flight.  It was a
wonderful experience of freedom, the like of which she had rarely
felt.  No wonder Celia put flight capabilities in her hardsuit, she
thought.  I wonder how long I can fly without getting tired?  That
thought made her resolve to actually fly to something while she still
could.

       While she had been lost in thought, dark clouds, all too familiar,
had rumbled into view on the southern horizon and now were
moving to cover the southern half of the stadium.  She could see the
shadow they cast creep across the arena floor, laying claim to it.
She flew up and landed upon a seating box at the far end of the
stadium.  I guess this is where the emperor would sit, she thought.

        The cloud laid claim to half the stadium, then stopped.   A
voice boomed across the stadium.

        SURRENDER AND YOUR DEATH WILL BE SWIFT.  DEFY
ME AND I WILL TORTURE YOU FOR MILLENIA BEFORE YOU
DIE.

         Linna shuddered.  The voice was not so much heard as felt.  It
was like a 200 DB whisper.  The cloud was much like the one she
had faced before, but she knew in her heart it was not the same, any
more than a pet cat is the same as a lion.  I couldn't beat
Robert...how can I beat this thing?  For a moment, the arena filled
with people and she saw Christians being torn apart by lions,
downed gladiators getting a thumbs down, a pack of wolves
savaging a bear.  The moment passed, the images faded, and she
choked down her fear.  No one is invincible.  There has to be some
way to defeat him.  "I won't surrender."

        THEN YOU WILL DIE.

         The cloud rumbled and Linna could see lightning bolts jumping
back and forth between parts of it.  "Who are you and why are you
hiding up in the clouds like a spineless coward?"  Let's see if he's
dumb enough to be taunted, she thought, praying he was.

         WHO AM I?  WHILE YOUR ANCESTORS SWUNG IN THE
TREES AND ATE NUTS AND BERRIES, I WAS.  BEFORE THE
FIRST CREATURE CRAWLED OUT OF YOUR SEAS ONTO THE
LAND, I WAS.  WHEN YOUR BALL OF ROCK, WATER, AND GAS
WAS STILL FORMING FROM THE CHAOS THAT SPAWNED IT, I
WAS.

          The cloud spat lightning and fire into the arena, and a figure
formed from the midst of the whirling pillar of destruction.  It
changed constantly as Linna gazed upon it.  It was a blazing pillar of
fire, it was a man with six arms, holding a flame, a gem, a sword, a
human heart, a pool of water, and nothing at all, it was a woman with
a belt of skulls and a skirt of human hair, her eyes bone white, her skin
a deep black like darkest night, it was a silly looking man with an ugly
brown mustache and a receding hairline, it was a tentacular monstrosity
with greenish gelatinous skin, huge batlike wings, faceted eyes, and
tentacles around a hidden mouth.

      I AM SHIVA, THE LORD OF DESTRUCTION, AND I SHALL
DANCE ON THE GRAVE OF YOUR WORLD, SPREADING MY
CLEANSING FIRE THROUGH ALL THE COSMOS, RETURNING
ALL THINGS TO THE NOTHING FROM WHENCE THEY CAME.

       Flames whirred around the figure as it laughed.  It moved
constantly, in an everchanging pattern, smoke, flame, and lightning
erupting from its limbs, for the dance of SHIVA is neverending.  And
still it changed.  It took the shape of a man with slick black hair, then
a similar man, but with pitch white mottled skin and red eyes, then a
woman with long black hair, vials of poison in her hands, then a
tanned woman with a knobby forehead, clad in strange black garb.
No shape could interpret SHIVA for long.

        It scared Linna more than anything she had ever seen.  Many
of the shapes were alien to her, but some were far too familiar,
insinuating possibilities she didn't want to think about.  She knew
what Shiva was, at least in the myths.  How do I fight a god?  Unless
Vishnu wanders by to help out with one of his avatars, I'm screwed
unless I can trick him somehow.  I wonder if he plays chess.

       Memories of a cheesy movie she had seen once on a classic
movie channel floated through her mind, and she laughed.  That's it,
I'll challenge him to Twister.  She threw back her head and her
laughter filled the arena.

       In all the history of the universe, SHIVA had seen many things.
However, no one had EVER laughed at him in all that time.

      FOOLISH MORTAL WHO LAUGHS IN THE FACE OF HER
OWN DEATH, NO ONE CAN ESCAPE MY POWER.  IN YOUR
HUSTLE AND BUSTLE, YOU ALL SEEK TO DEFY AND ESCAPE
ME, BUT IN THE END, I GATHER ALL THINGS TO MYSELF AND
GIVE THEM PEACE FROM ALL THEIR FUTILE STRIVINGS.  ALL
ROADS LEAD TO MY DANCE, MY EMBRACE, THEIR
DESTRUCTION.  I AM THE LORD OF THE DANCE OF
DESTRUCTION, AND IN THE END, ALL THINGS ARE MINE.

        Dance.  There's two things I do well, Linna thought.  I
fight...and I dance.  Maybe I can challenge him to a dance.  She felt
incredibly silly just thinking about it, but it was her best hope.  But
how to decide who wins?  Suddenly, she remembered a dream, and
she knew what she had to do.  'Remember us, Linna, dancer and
warrior.  We shall come when you call us, but choose the time
wisely,'  the middle Fate had said.  'For we are the judges of the
living and dead.  Even the gods cannot escape the power of Fate',
the oldest had said.

     "I challenge you, Shiva, before the tribunal of the Fates, who
judge the living and the dead, gods and mortals alike."

       SHIVA continued his endless movement in silence for a
moment, then spoke.

       WHO ARE YOU THAT WOULD INVOKE THE FATES
AGAINST ME, YOUR RIGHTFUL MASTER?

        "You don't own me, and you never will.  Neither in death, nor in
life have you any claim on me.  I am Linna Yamazaki, and I dance
the dance of life, which never ends despite all you do."  Linna
stretched out her arms.  "LET THE FATES DECIDE BETWEEN
US!"

        The air shimmered at the edge of the shadow cast by SHIVA's
clouds.  Three figures appeared, clad in purple, yellow, and green.
They floated in the air between Linna and SHIVA in silence for a
moment, then spoke.  The youngest of the Fates said, "We have
come to pass judgement in this contest."

        The middle Fate spoke.  "To the challenged goes the right to
decide who shall go first.  What is your choice, SHIVA?"

        SHIVA glowered for a moment, then spoke.

        I SHALL GO FIRST.  GAZE UPON MY POWER AND
DESPAIR.

       The oldest spoke.  "Let the contest begin."

      SHIVA smiled like a cat looking at a legless mouse.  It stretched
out its arms and it spun across the arena, which was was now
surrounded by a great crowd in the stands, the living and the dead.
SHIVA danced its dance of destruction and spun out the stories of its
deeds for all to see.

***

       SHIVA began his dance, the story of his great deeds...

      ALL THINGS BELONG TO ME, FOR IN THE END, THEY
RETURN TO ME.  I AM THE END OF EVERY STORY.  EVERY
'THEY LIVED HAPPILY EVER AFTER' IS AN EFFORT TO DENY
THE REAL END OF THE STORY, 'AND THEN THEY DIED'.  ALL
HAPPINESS, ALL HATRED, ALL THE JOY AND ALL THE
SUFFERING ARE DESTROYED IN THE END.  NOTHING CAN
EVADE MY POWER.  NOTHING.  I HAVE BROUGHT ENTIRE
SPECIES LOW.

       Dinosaurs had no names, for they could not speak or write.
They did not need names.  Other dinosaurs were either mother,
rival, or dinner.  Yet, where is a tale whose protagonist has no
name?  Red-tail was a small meat-eating dinosaur.  Millions of years
later, the descendants of some of his meals would name his species,
but he was simply alive, one of the many children of a mother he
had not seen since he learned to hunt on his own.

       He sprinted across a forest clearing that would one day be
home to a glacier, then later to forest once more, then to a parking
lot.  None of this mattered to him, for he was stalking a small furry
thing.  Its descendants were going to inherit the Earth, but he didn't
know or care.  He wasn't capable of even understanding such a
concept.  He pounced on the creature, tore it apart and ate it.  Life
was good.  This was indeed, the essence of his life.  Wake up, walk
through the forest, stalk and eat things, sleep.  It had been like this
for millions of years, generation upon generation; the intricate dance
of life had continued, the game of hunter and prey.

        Unnoticed, a streak of light zoomed across the sky.  Red-tail
would not see the impact, he would not feel it, he would not hear it,
nor would he smell or taste it.  Despite the meteor's vast size,
despite its consequences, it was beyond his comprehension or
caring.

        Unseen, half a world away, a meteor slammed into the Earth,
unleashing a cloud of dust on an almost unimaginable scale.  The
precarious balance of weather crashed like a precision watch run
over by a car.  The death of Red-Tail and all his kind was about to
begin.  He would have more hunts...death came slowly, and he had
survived winters before, yet in the end, he and all his kin would
perish from the Earth unmourned and unremembered, until the
great-infinity-great-grandson of this last meal found his remains and
put him in a museum.

        As the meteor struck, SHIVA danced in the flames of its fall,
sang as it struck, and laughed as he saw what he had wrought.  The
dinosaurs had pleased him with their ability to kill, but they were not
enough.  He laid them low that he might raise up better servants.
And SHIVA danced...

***

      And SHIVA danced...

      WHATEVER FAILS TO PLEASE ME, I DESTROY, AND WHAT
PLEASES ME HELPS ME TO DESTROY WHAT DISPLEASES ME.
YOUR SPECIES IS THE GREATEST TOOL FOR DESTRUCTION I
HAVE FOUND...ON THIS WORLD.  OFTEN I MUST DO LITTLE
MORE THAN OBSERVE, FOR SO OFTEN YOU DO MY BIDDING
WITHOUT MY HAVING TO LIFT A FINGER.

       Nyugen paused from his work for a moment to take a breath
and rest.  To do even that much was to risk death, but he didn't care
anymore.  The fat old farmer whose field he was working paid no
attention to him, for he was busy feasting on noodles and chicken,
cooked by his fat old wife.  Once the old man finished, Nyugen and
the other 'draftees' would get their lunch...stale bread and some old,
dried up fruit...if they were 'good.'  Nyugen prayed silently to Buddha
that there would be fruit left for him.  At least I don't have to share
with my brother any more, he thought, then felt guilty at the thought.

         Nyugen's brother Pham had died three weeks earlier.  He had
always been frail.  That was why he had studied hard and become a
doctor.  The family had been so proud of Pham.  He had brought
much honor to his family.  The family was scattered now.  When the
Khmer Rouge had taken their city, Pham's role had brought the
attention of the Khmer Rouge upon Nyugen's family, for the Khmer
Rouge wished to wipe Cambodia clean of all 'western ways'.
Doctors, lawyers, shopkeepers, virtually anyone who had ever seen
a European or bought a manufactured good was shipped out to the
countryside.  They were put to work farming.

        The lucky ones died of the diseases that could no longer be
treated with the doctors all being made to grow rice.  The unlucky
ones were being slowly worked to death while the 'old ones', the
peasants of the countryside, got their revenge for years of
exploitation by the people of the cities.  Now they relaxed and let
others do their work.  Nyugen survived, for he had grown strong
from years of moving crates and petty brawls.  Pham had not been
so lucky.  Nyugen had watched him wither away, day by day.
Finally, he became too weak to go on.  He was given no food as a
result and soon died.  The old farmer had tossed Pham's body in a
pit with the others.  Nyugen would not forget.

         The old man didn't notice Nyugen resting.  He didn't notice the
rage that only hunger and iron will held back.  He could not see the
legacy he was planting in his field.  Two years later, Vietnamese
troops crossed the border.  The crop of hatred he had planted
bloomed that day.  Only three of the dozens of men and women who
had been assigned over the years to his farm were left.  They buried
an axe in the old man's head, but not before they made him watch
his wife be slain as well.

          Their names would not be remembered, for when a third of a
nation dies, there are too many bodies to count.  But those who
survived would never forget.  They would never know peace again.

         And SHIVA danced among the crop of the dead, gathering in
the harvest of hate and destruction.  He took the seeds of the
harvest and sowed them in the hearts of men.  They would blossom
one day, for revenge is a self-renewing resource.  And SHIVA
danced...

***

        And SHIVA danced...

      MEN SEEK TO DENY MY EXISTENCE.  THEY QUEST FOR
IMMORTALITY, BELIEVING SOMEHOW THEY CAN AVOID
DESTRUCTION.  THEY BELIEVE I CAN BE DENIED.  THEY ARE
WRONG.  SOME TRY TO DO IT THROUGH THEIR BLOOD...

     Gnaeus Octavius addressed the mob that filled his house.  "Let
us celebrate!  Two families are joined this day!"  The entire crowd of
friends, relatives, and clients threatened to almost burst the walls of
his villa.  His wayward daughter was finally going to be married.
There had been one disaster after another. She had run off with that
Grecian slave and come back pregnant.  They had to get rid of the
child before anyone found out.  She had caught the eye of a
Senator, then his sister had tried to have her assassinated.  Then
she had wanted to marry a GLADIATOR of all things.  While Julius
Albanus wasn't quite up to the level that Gnaeus wanted for his
daughter Octavia, he was far better than a gladiator.  His father was
one of the consuls of Cumae, after all.  It was even rumored that
Titus was thinking of raising his father, Marcus Albanus, to the
Senate.  Now that would be a marvel, Gnaeus thought, for us to
make such an alliance.

        There was a distant rumble.  Gnaeus sighed.  I hope the
repairs to the roof hold up if it is going to rain.  Ideally, it will stop
before everyone goes home.  He got down from his perch and went
to take his seat at one of the many couches so that the wedding
feast could properly begin.  Some of his slaves came in and began
to sing in Greek, while others played instruments to accompany the
song.  Gnaeus tried to follow it, but his Greek wasn't as good as
once it was.  It was a happy song, and that was enough for him.

         The guests ate well, and sang, and drank, and made love as
humans always do, unaware that the moment had come when that
all would end.  Gnaeus looked up, and saw before him, Pluto, the
great God of the Underworld, standing silently.  Gnaeus
shook in fear for a visit from the lord of the dead was never a good
omen.  "I..."  Words failed him.

         YOU ARE VERY PLEASED WITH THIS WEDDING, ARE
YOU NOT?

         Gnaeus looked around.  No one could see Pluto but him, it
seemed.  Perhaps I've drunk too much, he realized.  "Of course, I'm
pleased!  This is the culmination of years of work.  This is how I will
be remembered.  That's what I most want...to be remembered."

         YOU WILL BE REMEMBERED, THEN, BUT THE REWARD
FOR YOUR LABORS IS DEATH.

         "I shall not live to see my family continue?"

         I SHALL SPARE YOU THAT PUNISHMENT.

         Gnaeus gave a sigh of relief.

         I WILL KILL YOU ALL AT THE SAME TIME.

      Unseen, a great mountain suddenly exploded, spewing its wrath
upon the Earth, quite unprovoked.  SHIVA danced admist the
flames as ash and lava spewed forth, reducing two entire cities to
ash and ruins in instants, burying them alive.  SHIVA gave them
eternal peace in his own way, preserving their labors for posterity.
At the end of all things, SHIVA was, and SHIVA danced...

***

        The music played, and Hikaru danced with her husband.  She
had to use the Power, but not very much.  Ever since the accident
had lamed her, she couldn't stay on her legs for long without using it.
It was worth it, though.  She loved to dance.

        She and Jonny had met at a dance in New York, a year before
her accident had sent her back to college and turned her on the road
she now walked.  Jonny's father had been an excellent dancer and
research scientist.  In fact, Dr. Quest had been many things, and his
son excelled in most of them as well.

        For a few moments, she lost herself in the music and
movement, forgetting the four decades that had passed since they
met.  She was young and wild and free once more.  She looked at
him.  His eyes were closed, but he was smiling.  "Can't stand to look
at me, darling?"  she teased.

        He laughed.  "If I can't see your feet, then I can't step on them,
right?"  He opened his eyes and laughed.  "Just trying to visualize
this next move in my mind."  Suddenly, he led her into a complex
series of spins and reverses, culminating in a low dip.  "All right, it
worked!"

        She laughed.  "So you were calculating the precise torque you
needed to apply?"

        "Something like that."

        She was about to reply when a psychic flash struck her.  A
confrontation she had feared was coming was about to commence.
She could feel his power flooding across the city.  The time had
come.

        Hikaru turned to her husband.  "Darling, we're going to the
Florida Compound.  Now.  Get anything you really couldn't bear to
lose from our house here."

        Jonny blinked.  "What, is there an army headed this way?"

        She broke away from him.  "I have a suitcase packed for you.
Go grab anything you really want."

        He didn't move.  "Hikaru, what's going on?"

       "Remember that being I told you about?  The one who tried to
possess me?  Who I got the powers from?"

        Jonny nodded.  "What, he's come back from the grave?"

       "He's got a big brother and he's ANGRY.  This city is about to
become unsafe for all human life.  I think this one controls
machines...Imagine what a being like that could do in this city."

        "The boomers."  He started to move.

        "I don't suppose we've got anything lying around the Florida
compound that wrecks machinery, do we?"

        "Well, there's that electromagnetic pulse generator."

        "Right.  You get that, then call me when you're sure it'll work
and I'll come get it."

        He stopped at the door.  "You intend to stay?"

        "I intend to do to him what I did to his brother.  Obliterate
him."  Her voice was cold and angry.

        "Hikaru, how will you find him?"  Jonny stared at his wife.  I hate
it 
when she gets like this.  It was rare, but sometimes, she seemed to be 
someone else than the woman he had married, someone much angrier, 
who smashed the things that made her angry.  It disturbed him.

        "I can sense him now, with the way he's spread himself out.  I
think I know exactly where he is.  I'm going to find him and rip out
his heart."  She paused.  "If he has one."

       "By yourself?"

       "We've been planning for a long time."

        He frowned.  "Hikaru, what else haven't you told me?"

        "You were being held captive!  I couldn't tell you!"

        "I'm not being held captive now!"

        She sighed.  "I'm sorry, my love.  I have to do this.  I can't
rest knowing that thing is out there and I can't let Madoka-san and her
family fight this alone."

        "He'll be there, won't he."  It wasn't a question.

       "DAMMIT, JONNY!  I thought we settled this a long time ago!
You're the ONLY man in my life!  Yes, I'll always care about
Kyosuke, maybe more than I should, but you're the man I love.  I'm
not psychotic enough to obsess over someone for my entire life!"  At
least not anymore.  She walked over to her husband.  "If I didn't love
you, I wouldn't be trying to get you to safety.  I want you to live,
darling.  Jessie and Hadji would kill me if I didn't keep you safe.  And
don't you DARE send them after me, either."

        He sighed.  "I don't want to see YOU in danger, anymore than
you want to see me there."

        She hugged her husband tightly.  "Get that EMP thing working.
Hack into GENOM's computers from Questworld.  Just make sure
your body stays in Florida where you'll be safe.  You don't have
powers like me.  I'll be fine."

       Jonny kissed her, then turned to go grab a few things.  "Okay,
dear."

        Hikaru waited until he was out of the room to remove and
destroy the tracer he had just planted on her.  He needs to work on
his sleight of hand, she thought.

***

       And SHIVA danced...

      SOME BELIEVE THEY CAN BUILD A MONUMENT, A CITY,
AN EMPIRE.  THROUGH SUCH A THING, THEY THINK THEY
CAN EVADE ME, SO THAT THEIR ACHIEVEMENTS, THEIR
MEMORY WILL LIVE ON FOREVER.  NONE HAS EVER
SUCCEEDED.

        Ramses II sat upon his great throne, and gazed upon what he
had wrought.  Yet another memorial of his great reign.  Two
servants stood on either side of him, fanning him to keep away the
life-sapping heat of the great desert that ever threatened to destroy
his realm.  Many things had he built.  His great pyramid in which he
might rest.  A great obelisk to tell the stories of his deeds.  A great
temple with many pictures of himself, begun by his great ancestor,
but completed by himself.  Yet now his greatest creation stood
before him.  A statue of himself, that all ages to come might gaze
upon him and despair of achieving his glory.  He turned to the
master sculptor.  "Truly, you have outdone yourself.  I could not
have asked a better, more glorious likeness."

         The sculptor smiled.  "Thank you, great one.  You are the only
god who has deigned to model for me, so it is not surprising that I
could create such a great work."  Indeed, it was all he could do to
avoid abasing himself mindlessly in the presence of divinity, but
Ramses had graciously given him permission not to.  "Even after
you go to join your fellows, your image will be preserved for all
time."

       The Pharoah prepared to reply, when he suddenly realized a
man stood before him unbidden.  He was about to have the fellow
executed, when he realized the man was glowing, and all else
around them had ceased to move.  The fellow was dark, more like a
shadow of a man, than a true human being.  The shadow spoke.

        I HAVE COME TO SHOW YOU THE GLORY WITH WHICH
YOU WILL BE REMEMBERED.

        The Pharoah stared at the man.  "What are you?"

        The man smiled a crooked smile.

        I AM THE ONE WHO WILL GREET YOU ON YOUR DEATH.

        The Pharoah paled slightly.  "Anubis."

        IF YOU LIKE.

        "All right.  Show me what you have come to show me."

        The shadow stretched out its arms, and in its depths, Rameses
saw what was to come.

                               ************

        Bobby climbed up onto the huge statue's head.  It was
hundreds of feet tall, but since it had fallen down and was now lying
half-buried in the sand, it was easy to climb up on the side of the
head.  He posed for his father, striking a pose he'd seen on
Wrestlemania V.

        'Click'.  The camera captured the image forever, or so they
thought.  Tom smiled at his son. "You really showed that old king
who's boss."

       His wife, Tammy, laughed.  "So who was that, anyway?"

       "I dunno.  Tutankhamen, maybe?"

                       *****************

       Mr. Kotter sighed.  Another day trying to teach these
ungrateful brats, he thought.  Someone remind me why I took this
stupid job.  He looked around the room.  There were only two
students who didn't wish they were somewhere else.  They both sat
up front and were paying attention.  Everyone was busy harrassing
each other, waiting for the bell to ring and class to start.

       BZZZZZZT.  The buzzer went off and class began.  Mr. Kotter
looked around the room.  "Alright, we're continuing our examination
of the classical civilizations."  His trained eyes spotted one student
reading comic books in the back.  An eraser bounced off the kid's
head.  "Mr. Watson, perhaps you'd like to tell us about Rameses II."

        "He lead the Jews out of Egypt into Israel, right?"

         Mr. Kotter blinked.  The boy had some vague awareness of
something, even if he was wrong.  We learn something new every
day.  "That was Moses.  We'll get to him later.  Moses, if he ever
really lived, most likely lived during this time period.  Anyone else
want to give it a shot?"

         Half a dozen hands went up.  Mr. Kotter picked one.  "He
invented cup ramen."

         "He built all the pyramids by hand."

        "That's the Sphinx's real name, right?"

        "He's Ed Meese's father."

        "He was the Egyptian sun god."

        "He married Joan of Arc, right?"

        "No, no, he was King John's older brother.  The one who comes
back from the crusades at the end of Robin Hood, Prince of
Thieves."

        They're all hideously wrong, Mr. Kotter thought, but at least
they're talking and not just staring at me as if I was some sort of
hideous fungal monster like they usually do.  "Anyone else want to
take a shot?"  He looked at his two best students.

        They both shrugged.  "All I know is that he was a Pharaoh."
Eddie said.

        Marie said, "And he built this really ugly statue that fell down.
I saw it in National Geographic."

                           *****************

        Ramses stared in shock.  "No...it's not possible."

        STRIVE AS YOU MIGHT, ALL THAT YOU DO WILL
CRUMBLE TO DUST.  NO MATTER WHAT YOU DO, IN THE END,
NO ONE WILL REMEMBER OR CARE.

        "Liar!"

        YOU HAVE SEEN THE FUTURE.  JUDGE FOR YOURSELF.

        Ramses gazed upon his accomplishments and despaired.

        And SHIVA danced away upon the sands that had been the
grave of many dreams of glory...


***



     Alphonse's was a disaster area now.  Kanuka, John, Asuma, and
Moemi came out from behind the table and gazed upon the
devastation, then in wonder at the people who, with Noa, had done
most of the work of destroying the boomer attack wave.  Asuma
said, "Uh...hi."

      Tenchi laughed faintly.  "You must be Shinohara Asuma.  Nice
to meet you."

       "You know me?"

       "Grandfather mentioned you, and I'm familiar with some of your
deeds back when you worked for the police.  You've been working
with the Kasugas, right?"

       Asuma nodded.  "I think GENOM has caught on to what we're
up to."

       "Time for a revision of plans."

***

        Pluto sat quietly and concentrated.  She couldn't shield her
tools from X forever.  Not with him drawing on the node, she knew.
Dammit, that diversion was supposed to keep him busy longer, she
thought.  It is not yet time to sacrifice them.  Worries afflicted her.
Will Wasyuu fulfill her appointed role?  Will Priss find Usagi in time?
What about the one who devoured Y?

        I cannot see her pattern, she thought.  That one is beyond me
and I do not know why.  She could screw everything up.  Pluto was
used to being able to predict everything.  There were no surprises in
Pluto's life and this was good because she hated surprises.  But
when it came to this woman, almost everything was a surprise.

        Keeping her away from Usagi all these years has been
incredibly difficult.  At least we're on the same side more or less.  I
would not want such a being for a foe.  Still, she is the wild card that
could ruin all my plans.  If only I knew what she was doing...

        She would know soon enough.

***

      And SHIVA danced...

       MEN BUILD LAWS AND MAKE TREATIES, THINKING THESE
WILL LAST FOREVER, THAT THEY CAN BUILD AN
INDESTRUCTIBLE BULWARK TO GUARANTEE THERE WILL BE
NO CHANGE.  THEY ARE FOOLS.

      Gunshots rang through the forest.  Red Eagle and his friends
charged forward and the Creek, their old enemies, fled.  Far off, they
could see their white allies winning through as well.  He paused and
fired off a shot through the woods.  A scream rewarded his effort.

        A man rode up on a white horse.  It was the war chief of the
whites, a man named Jackson.  "How are things going with your
people?"

        "Very well, Jackson.  How are your warriors doing?"

        "The Creeks are running.  They'll never bother either of our
nations again."

         Red Eagle smiled.  That was very good news.  His people had
once been enemies of the whites from across the mountains, but
now they were allies against a common foe, just as his people had
once allied with the Great King across the Water against his
rebellious braves on this side of the great sea which Red Eagle had
heard of, but never seen.  Perhaps I shall see that ocean one day.
They had made treaties of alliance and perpetual peace. "It is good
to hear that, my friend."

        Jackson smiled.  "Good news, indeed."

                             *************

        Twenty years had passed.  Red Eagle had become a great
man among the Cherokee.  He was Andrew Red Eagle now, for
many things had changed.  The Cherokee had learned much from
their neighbors.  Through years of struggling study, Andrew had
become literate in both the white script and the new script that the
Cherokee had designed for their own tongue.  He received the
tribe's newspaper once a month, and his children attended a school
to read and write.  He had bought a few slaves to help work his
fields and was starting to become fairly wealthy.  He had even taken
a white name for the convenience of those he traded with, who usually
could never say his true name correctly.  Some of them had taken
names of his nation and married into his people.  Times were a
changing.

        The Cherokee had greeted the word that the braves of the
'United States' had elected their friend Andrew Jackson as the Great
Chief of their nation with joy.  Tensions were starting to build as
more and more whites moved into the lands around the Cherokee
nation.  The whites wanted to buy Cherokee lands.  Many tribes in
the past had agreed to such sales, not understanding what they were
really doing, but the Cherokee knew better.  They had learned the
ways of the Whites, and they knew that if they sold, they must leave,
and they would not leave.  They hoped that their friend could
restrain his braves, and that the peace between Cherokee and
Whites could endure.

        Hopes are made to be shattered.  One day, the news came that
the tribal council of Georgia had declared it possessed all of the
Cherokee lands south of the lands claimed by the 'state of
Tennessee'.  The Cherokee sent people to protest, only to discover
that President Jackson had declared in support of the state of
Georgia.  In fact, he sent people to try to buy all of the Cherokee
Lands.  They refused, but a tiny faction signed the treaty.  The
Cherokee nation formed a great petition in the way of the whites,
and Red Eagle was one of the men sent to carry it to the great city
of Washington.

         It was far greater than they had ever anticipated, vast and
beautiful, though not the sort of place in which they wished to dwell.
They took their petition to the President.  Some of his
representatives had tried to teach them to call him the Great White
Father, but they knew better.  They had known him when he was
only a minor war chief.  He was their friend.  Surely he would listen
to them.

        It was like talking to a wall.  Red Eagle wondered if General
Jackson had gone deaf, but refused to admit it.  Some people were
like that.  His own father had refused to admit his hearing and sight
were declining.  Over and over, Jackson told them it was too late,
that the treaty had been signed, that they would be happier far away
from the Whites, that this would be better for them, than staying
there.

        They begged, they pleaded, they called upon his memories of
the time he had spent with them, the war they had fought side by
side.  Finally, Red Eagle spoke.  "Does friendship matter nothing to
you?  Was every word you told us a lie?  Did you plan to steal our
home from the start?"

        For a moment, Jackson's eyes flashed with pain, but then the
determination returned.  "I will not be swayed.  What must be, must
be."

        "So be it.  The man I knew as a friend is dead."  He turned and
left.  The others could dither all they wanted, but it would be futile,
he knew.  Once Jackson made up his mind, he was like a huge rock
that could not be moved without force.  Our only hope is war, but
war will be the death of his people.  We will be destroyed like we
destroyed the Creeks.  Is this our punishment, he wondered?  What
sin have we committed against the land that we are to lose it
forever?

       He rode home to the Cherokee lands.  Quietly, he made his
preparation for departure, said his goodbyes, and wrote out a will in
the style of the whites, laughing faintly as he did so.  He then took
his pistol and he shot himself so that he might at least be buried in
the land he called his home.  Unlike the rest of his tribe, he would
not be evicted.  Perhaps he would have died anyway, along with the
third of his tribe that would perish on the Trail of Tears.

         They marched through the rain, the mud, and the snow, in
wagons and on horses.  SHIVA danced among the fallen and
laughed at the destruction of a nation, the loss of their home, and
the death of trust.


***

       Uranus grumbled.  "Can't you drive any faster, Tux boy?"

        Tuxedo Kamen sighed.  "Unlike you, I don't own a race car.
This thing wouldn't go 130* if I drove it off a cliff."

*Author's note:  Tux boy is referring to kilometers per hour, not miles
per hour.

        "Move over and let me drive.  I can make cars do anything I
want."

        Neptune sighed faintly.  Sailor Moon whispered to her, "I bet he
never lets you drive either."  They both laughed.

        Uranus shouted, "I HEARD that!"

        Tuxedo Kamen just laughed.  He didn't laugh so hard when
suddenly feet and legs appeared, splayed out on the windshield.  He
swore and hit the brakes, trying to get out of the middle of traffic.

        Priss cursed like a sailor, clinging to one of the windshield
wipers to keep from flying off the car.  Anri and Sylvie were flung off
the hood and the roof, but they could fly so they didn't care.  Meylia
could fly, but she was so surprised, she forgot, sliding off the roof
and down the windshield so that her legs ended up wrapped around
Priss' head.  "Okay, maybe trying to use the crystal to teleport to
them wasn't such a wise idea."

        Traffic snarled as startled drivers weaved about, trying to avoid
Kamen's car and the flying people.  Tuxedo Kamen managed to turn
onto a side street as Priss and Meylia unsnarled themselves.
Uranus and Neptune leapt out of the car the instant it stopped and
positioned themselves to watch the two flying people.  Sailor Moon
jumped out and said to the people on the hood, "Are you okay?"

       Priss sat up, clutching her sword in one hand.  "Thanks to this
windshield wiper.  Otherwise, I think I'd be a pancake."   She and
Meylia finally managed to disentangle themselves from each other.
She looked at Sailor Moon and tried to figure out what to say.
"I...I've got your crystal."

        Sailor Moon smiled.  "It's yours too."  She climbed up on the
hood and hugged Priss.  "Ahhh!  HOT!"

         Priss slid off the hood with her.  "Hmm.  Guess this outfit is
heat resistant."

         Uranus said, "You know these people?"

         Sailor Moon smiled.  "Uranus, Neptune, meet my sister,
Princess Courage, the First Princess of the Sword of the Moon
Kingdom."

        Priss smiled.  "Nice to meet you.  These are my friends, the
Queen of Swords, Sylvie, and Anri.  They helped me recover the
crystal."  She paused, not wanting to say it.  "We...we lost Linna."

        "That's awful!"  Sailor Moon hugged Priss again.  "I know you
were close."

        "She was one of my best friends in all the world.  Either she's
dead or Pluto's sent her on some crazy quest...I don't know..."  She
pulled herself together.  "Where's everyone else?"

       "GENOM has them."

       Priss frowned.  "Let's go get them."

       Tuxedo Kamen said, "We really don't have room in my car for
eight people."

       "Just carry me.  My friends all fly."

       "Right.  Let's go."  They went.

***

     And SHIVA danced...

      OTHERS BELIEVED THAT KNOWLEDGE WAS ETERNAL.
THEY BELIEVED THAT THROUGH KNOWING ALL THAT WAS
KNOWABLE, THEY COULD DEFY ME.  THEY DID NOT
UNDERSTAND THAT LIKE ALL THINGS, KNOWLEGE LEADS TO
DESTRUCTION.  IT IS THE GRAVE OF HOPE, OF FAITH, OF
LIFE.

      The scientists watched nervously from their bunker.  Would it
work?  Years of labor had lead up to this moment.  Their nation was
counting on them.  They had to unlock the secrets of the atom
before Hitler's scientists did.  It was a race, and one they had to win.

       A few miles away, a bomb sat, the likes of which had never
been forged by human hands.  It awaited its moment of glory.

        A radio signal went out and the moment arrived.  For the first
time in the history of humanity, the power of the Atom was
unleashed and an explosion of unrivaled power erupted on the
sands of New Mexico.  There was a bright flash, and then a cloud of
smoke rose, forming what would become the familiar sight of a
mushroom cloud.

        The scientists went wild.  It had worked!  Their labor hadn't
been in vain!  The war could be ended swiftly now with the new
bombs.  The only real limit was how fast they could get the nuclear
fuel and manufacture the parts.  Only a single man stood and stared
off across the desert, unbidden words rising into his mind, 'I am
become Death, the shatterer of worlds'.

       They would make more weapons.  Death would rain down on
two cities in Japan, and then the power of the Atom would multiply.
Dozens, hundreds, thousands of weapons would be born, waiting for
the day when they too would shine like the sun.

        SHIVA danced in nuclear fire and laughed, for he knew that
weapons were made to be used and that one day he would dance
again, across the world as it burned.  That day would come...


                           *********************

        General Haroun finished the intelligence report.  Could it be
true?  Could the shield in the sky that had thwarted him from finally
destroying those miserable Israelis be gone?  Rumors were
circulating, but this ever so expensive report confirmed them.  Could
he take the risk?  If he struck first, they could be destroyed before
they could retaliate.  If he was wrong, their armies would trounce
him again and he did not think he could bounce back from another
defeat.  His neighbors might join them as well, hoping to strip away
more of his nation.  It was a risk...was it worth taking?  Slowly the
scales began to tip in his mind as hope overcame fear, as it so often
does.


                          ************************

         The commando dropped the report on General Jonathon
Habin's desk.  "It doesn't look good, sir."

        The general frowned.  USSD was denying that the laser
satellites had been neutralized, but all his spies said otherwise.  He
knew what the report would tell him without having to read it.
General Haroun was gearing up for round 2.  Without Big Brother in
the sky, he thought he could obliterate Israel in a few minutes.  The
sad thing was that he was right.  Jerusalem might survive, but the
new missile defenses hadn't been built anywhere else yet, nor had
they really been adequately tested.  What good would Jerusalem do
in the middle of a nuclear wasteland?  Is this how it all ends, he
wondered.  He sighed and read the report, mentally preparing his
own report for the prime minister.  Only by striking first could they
save themselves.

         Across the globe, a hundred petty hatreds flared and sabres
began to rattle.  A generation that had forgotten the power they
wielded rose up and began to posture.  Inch by inch, the world slid
towards the Apocalypse.

         And SHIVA danced...


***

      Wasyuu finished her preparations and quietly exited her
sanctuary into her 'place of work'.  I have to know, she thought.  It
must be a coincidence, yet, I must know.  If somehow...he's still
alive...even if he wants to destroy me, it will be enough that I know
he lives.  Quietly, she went to work on yet another boomer.  It was
the work of a few minutes to determine what was wrong with it.  The
effort to alter the behavioral blocks had been botched badly.  That
was why it had gone berserk.  About eighty percent of the problems
seemed to come from a lack of any real understanding of how
boomers thought and sentients behave on the part of GENOM's
techs.  She wondered again how these people could even deal with
each other with such little understanding of the mind.

        The twelve BU-12B's were later than she had anticipated.  She
was looking around for another boomer to work on when they
arrived.  "Come with us immediately, or be destroyed."

         She raised her hands in the air.  "As you wish.  Where are you
taking me?"

        "To face your judgment, the punishment for the crimes you
have committed."

        "And who shall judge?"

        "The one against whom you have sinned."

        Wasyuu laughed.  "Can you be specific?  That covers a lot of
people."

        "You seem less impressive than I anticipated."

         Wasyuu cocked her head.  Was he being evasive
or...Suddenly she understood.  "The Overmind system.  In the hands
of one such as you...I congratulate you.  Truly you have shown more
cunning than most of your master's creations.  Subtlety was never
his strong point."
          "Flattery will get you nowhere.  Come."  The voice sounded
subtly pleased, though still blunt and direct.

      Wasyuu followed.  This means he is in the Tower itself, she
thought.  Perfect.  She checked her pocket.  That which she sought
was still there.  She smiled.

***

      Goto looked out the window of the hotel room.  He could see
GENOM Tower.  For forty years, it and its predecessors had
dominated his life.  Beginning with the Muugen Gakuen disaster, it
had drawn him in.  Mystery after mystery surrounded that site, lurked
below the surface of Japanese society.  Sailor suited warriors.
Monsters.  Government conspiracies.  Mysterious deaths.
Rampaging labors and boomers.  "Accidents."  All part of a pattern,
a web of conspiracy whose spiders he had sought for forty years,
first inside the system, then from outside of it when the spiders had
tried to bite and poison him.

        He had formed his own web.  Detectives, policemen,
manufacturers, occultists, psychics, even aliens now.  It was a war
for the soul of Japan.  For years, he had known where the spiders
dwelt but had been unable to strike.  He knew he wouldn't live much
longer.  The rag tag band of his allies would have to do what he
could not.  There remained but one last action he had to do.

        He hesitated, his hands inches from the switch.  What if I'm
wrong?  What if I'm attacking the wrong target?  This could all be
the delusions of an old man.  Dare I plunge this city into chaos?
Maybe I'm just being a vengeful fool.  Is it worth it?  Worst of all,
what if it doesn't work?  Maybe GENOM can put down a citywide riot
and defeat the ADPolice at the same time...or what if the ADPolice
aren't fooled?

         He stepped away from the switch.  I can't make this decision
on my own.  It shamed him to not trust himself to decide.  The
phone rang.  He picked it up.  "Hello?"

        "It's begun.  Quincy has activated the Overmind System."  It
was the old man who the psychics claimed was their ancestor,
Youshou.  "It's now or never."

       That was enough for Goto.  He turned and flipped the switch.
Across the city, TV sets flickered and began to play an
announcement by Quincy that he was taking total control of the city
and no one could stop him, blah, blah, blah.  At the same time, five
carefully prepared American made robots designed to look like
boomers were heading for ADPolice headquarters.  Their method of
construction made them unable to attack humans, but with the
amount of property damage they could cause, it was likely that
noone would notice.  With time, the ADPolice would figure out they
were tricked, but by then, ideally, it would be too late.

        Goto turned to the city and gazed out upon it.  He spoke into
the phone.  "The die is cast.  Let's pray the cure is not worse than
the disease."

         The Great Riot of 2034 was about to begin.

***

      And SHIVA danced...

      SOME BELIEVE THAT WISDOM IS THE KEY, THAT SOME
SECRET KNOWLEGE WILL UNLOCK ALL DOORS AND BRING
THEM TO ETERNAL LIFE, TO A LIFE WITHOUT SUFFERING,
WITHOUT PAIN, WITHOUT DESTRUCTION...WITHOUT ME.
THERE IS NO ESCAPE.  IN THE END, ALL THEIR WISDOM
FAILS THEM AND ALL THEY DO CRUMBLES INTO DUST.
THEIR WISDOM BECOMES POISON AND THEIR HOPE
DESPAIR.

        Once upon a time, there was a ugly man who lived in the
greatest kingdom of the world.  Yet, all was not well in the middle
kingdom.  The great lords of the kingdom quarreled and fought,
making war upon each other, while the barbarians nibbled away at
the frontiers, inch by inch.  The ugly man was troubled.  He studied
the ancient ways and grew wise, seeking to understand how the land 
might be healed of the strife that afflicted it.

        Days turned to years, and years to decades.  The man wrote
books and took students.  He wandered the land, teaching how a
dignified man should live.  The time came when he was allowed to
turn his words into practice and the Duke of Lu put him to work, first
as a magistrate of a city, then as Superintendent of Public Works,
then as Minister of Crime.  For a time, his wisdom was followed and
the land prospered, but then the Duke fell in love with a pack of
entertainers and neglected his duties.  The ugly man went to the
Duke and told him of his duties, of the way that he should follow,
that he must fulfill his duties to be a good ruler.  The Duke would not
let an ugly old man lecture him, and sent him away.

       The ugly old man was sent into exile, and wandered through the
many petty states into which the empire was crumbling.  Only his
most faithful students stayed by his side.  For thirteen years he
wandered, before finally his exile was rescinded and he could return
home.

        He spent his last few years of life alone, except for a few
students, and ignored by the rulers who he had hoped to guide.  One
day, as the sun shone down and the birds sang outside, his pupil
Tsze-kung heard him singing early in the morning.

        "The great mountain must crumble,
         The strong beam must break,
         And the wise man must wither away like a plant."

         He ran to his master, and asked, "Master, why do you sing
such a sad song?"

        The ugly old man turned to Tsze-Kung and said, "No intelligent
monarch arises;  there is not one in the empire that will make me his
teacher.  My time is come to die."  He took to his bed, and after
seven days, he died, looking back on his life and seeing that all his
studies had brought him nothing but exile and death.  Thus passed
K'ung Ch'iu, later to be known in the West as Confucius.  And
SHIVA danced among the ashes of his life...

***

     "So, what do you think of our 'trainees?'" Takeo Yamazaki asked her
predecessor, Kanuka Clancy McClaine.

     "Their psychic powers are quite... interesting," Kanuka said.

     "It does force us to change our methods, doesn't it?"

     Ohta, who was sitting nearby and cackling over the new weapons he
would be using with his labor, looked up in alarm.  He and Hiromi
exchanged a worried look.

     "Not really," Kanuka rejoined, "the basic principles remain the
same.  They still need to observe, process, and act on the data fed to
them.  That is the most important thing.  That, and memorizing as much
pertinent data beforehand."

     "Do you still insist that cluttering the mind with trivia is the
best way to approach a battlefield?"

     "One cannot always count on having a reference work handy.  My
memory can handle that without any problems."

     "Oh, then how many grandchildren do you have?"

     "Three.  And do you remember the wedding dates of your
grandchildren?"

     "They're still too young to be married.  You should know that."

     "Takeo-chan--" interrupted Hiromi.

     Takeo and Kanuka turned and looked steadily at Hiromi.  "Yes,
Hiromi-chan?" Takeo asked sweetly.

     "Um, nothing, dear," he muttered, sulking away.

     Or trying to.  Takeo reached out and grabbed the large man's
collar, pulling him back.  "Now, now, Hiromi-chan, perhaps you can help
Kanuka-san and I settle this," she said, her voice calm and steady.

     Ohta, seeing his comrade's peril, started to sneak off, when Kanuka
saw him  "Ohta!  Where are you going?  Come over here."

     "You don't have to order him, he's not under your command any
more," Takeo said.

     "I didn't retire, unlike yourself," Kanuka replied.

     "I didn't realize that the ADPolice fell under New York City
jurisdiction."

     "This is hardly an official activity."

     "Which is why rank doesn't matter."

     "Uh--" began Ohta.

     "That is a good point," murmured Hiromi.

     Both women turned to look at the men.  "What do YOU think?" they
asked.

     The order to move out saved them from having to answer, for which
they were QUITE grateful.

***

      Belldandy sat quietly and watched the news broadcast.
"Downtown Mega-Tokyo is a sea of chaos,"  the newswoman
blathered.  "We now have reports that the violence has spread to
Tokyo University.  Reports are unclear, but some are claiming the
two pillars of the front gate have been attacking the rioters."  She
laughed.  "More seriously, three dormitories are on fire, and the
Campus Police have called on the ADPolice for help.  However, the
ADPolice are too hard pressed to help.  In fact, rumors have it that
the ADPolice HQ was attacked shortly before the transmission of the
broadcast that started the riot.  City officials seem to be holding back
the ADPolice from taking action for no apparent reason.  And now
for a commercial break."

       Belldandy heard running feet heading from the telephone to
outside the temple.  "What's wrong, Keiichi-kun?"  she shouted.

       "I can't get through to Keiko!  I'm going after her!"

       "Then I'm going with you."  She got up, put down her knitting,
and ran after her husband.

       Luckily, the sidecar was still hooked up to the motorcycle.  They
roared off into the city.

***

       Pluto's barrier finally shattered.  She collapsed, bleeding
through her nose.  Pain throbbed through her frame.  Even with my
talisman, he was too much for me, she thought.  But it will be
enough.  X would find Goto's psychic strikeforce, but they were but a
diversion, though they knew it not.

        And while he indulges in petty violence, the real arrows will find
his heart, she thought.  

***

       Minako awoke in a dark cell.  The darkness was absolute,
smothering her.  The boomer assault on her home flooded back into
her mind, then came the memories.  Thirty four years of amnesia
ended with a moment's wakefulness.  We...we lost, she realized.
The grand confrontation came back to her...


                             ****************************

        The sailors floated in a misty void littered with the dissolving
corpses of their foes.  It had been a trap.  We should never have
followed him here, Sailor Venus thought.  The being they had
chased from the park had seemed so powerful that he had to be the
master villian, they thought.  His master dwarfed him.

         He was holding Eternal Sailor Moon with two of his hands,
while a third held up Sailor Mars, a sword rammed through her gut.
His fourth arm was gone, severed by Sailor Uranus, who he now was
trampling underfoot.  Most of the other Sailors were scattered about
unconscious.  Tuxedo Kamen was impaled to a huge stone pillar
floating in the mist, nailed in place with his own cane.  Saturn stood
paralyzed, trying to fight off an effort by SHIVA's minion to possess
her.  Pluto had vanished, taking someone with her...Venus couldn't
think clearly enough to remember who.

        Only one chance, she thought.  I have to distract him so Sailor
Moon can breathe.  Then maybe she can stop him with the crystal.
Is this how it all ends?  No...I won't let it.  But how to get him to let
go?  I don't have enough power left for anything that will...An idea
came to mind.  She laughed.  She reached her hand to her forehead
and removed her tiara, twirling it around her finger.  "VENUS TIARA
ACTION!"  She hurled it, and it transformed into a blazing disk of
light.  It arced around and struck SHIVA'S arms.  He howled and
dropped Sailor Moon.  The glowing disc arced around and returned
to Venus' hands.  "There's more where that came from,
you...you...you tree frog!"  I'm getting more desperate than I thought
to use that goofy an insult, she thought.

        SHIVA cocked his head for a moment, then breathed fire at
her.  She dodged.  He charged at her and she fled through the mists.
Soon enough, she found herself back where she had begun.  SHIVA
was close upon her heels.  Only one thing had changed.  Sailor
Moon now held up the Silver Crystal, which shone with the light of a
million souls.  The light grew brighter and brighter, devouring all
things, and then oblivion came swiftly.

                              *****************

       She sighed.  I wonder if this is all part of some new threat or if
that guy has come back somehow?  Feeling around in the dark, she
stumbled over someone, who began to snore.  She laughed faintly.
"Steven?"

        A voice muttered.  "Wake me up after the next ice age is over."

        She laughed and shook him awake.  "Honey, we're being
imprisoned again."

        "Wake me up when we escape."

        "We can't escape while you're asleep."

        "Well, that solves that problem, then, doesn't it?"  He sat up
finally after a few jabs.  "I think I just dreamed about you being
Sailor Venus or something."

        "It wasn't a dream.  Now help me find the door."

        He stood up.  "We're on the fiftieth floor of the GENOM Tower,
so the door should be over there."  He took five steps and bumped
into the door.  "I need to learn to take smaller steps."

        "How could you see where the door was?"

        I guessed, he thought.  "I sensed the magnetic fields of the
earth and their fluctuation indicated a door in that direction."

         Minako noogied him.  "Thank you, Jettero Heller.  So how did
you really find the door?"

        "I bumped into it."  More noogies.  "You could try transforming
and blasting the door open for us."

        She transformed and blasted the door with a Crescent Beam.
The door ignored her, though the flash of light briefly illuminated the
room.  It was stark metal with a rather solid door with no handle on
this side.  The metal seemed unhurt by the beam, though at least it
hadn't reflected around inside the room and carved them to pieces.
There was a speaker grill in the middle of the ceiling.  A voice
crackled through it.  "Very amusing, Sailor Venus.  Try as you might,
you won't escape.  We hand-designed these cells to restrain each of
you if we ever caught you.  Enjoy your stay.  You won't be there
much longer."

         "Who are you?"

         "The new number two."  The voice laughed faintly and fell
silent.


***

       It was the sound of property damage which jolted Celia out of
her funk of fretting.  She heard explosions nearby.  A quick camera
check revealed that the lower levels of her building, Ladysmith 633,
were under assault by a veritable tide of boomers.  A few of them
were combat boomers, but the bulk of the horde were various labor
boomers, ranging from waitresses to assembly line tenders.

        "We're under assault."

        Youshou nodded.  Ryouko said, "Right.  Time to go kick some
butt."

        At that moment, the power went out.  A series of explosions
from the hardsuit storage room rocked the building.  The intercom
crackled to life.  "For years, I have let you live because it served my
purposes.  Yet, now I know your true heritage, and your time has
come to die, Celia of the House of Jurai.  You shall die at the hands
of your own creation."

        "What the hell?"  Ryouko said.  "Who the hell is that?"

         Youshou frowned.  "The heart of the city gives its power to one
of the destroyer's children.  We must go now...there are far too
many things he can turn against us."

        As if to illustrate Youshou's point, Linna, Priss, and Celia's
hardsuits erupted through the walls.  Laser and railgun fire raked the
room.  Celia stared in shock as her own hardsuit flew towards her,
raising its laser sword high in a gesture she recognized from films of her 
own actions in battle.  Fear took her, and she could not move.

        Ryouko grabbed her and teleported across the room, firing a
beam at Linna's hardsuit which lithely dodged the attack.  The beam
blew a hole in the wall, the next wall, and the wall after that, then
blasted a few more buildings on its way across the city.  Wiring
snaked out of the damaged wall and began to crawl across the
ground.  Light and power sockets crackled with electricity.  "We've
got to get out of here!"

        Youshou nodded.  "Take Celia and get her to the others."

        "What about you, old man?"

        "You can't take both of us."  He drew his sword, dodging railgun
fire.  "GO!  Don't come back without an army."

        She teleported away with Celia, though she didn't like doing it.

        "I remember you,"  he shouted to the air.  "I can smell your
power.  Do you remember the last time we met?"

        "I shall not be the one thrown off the train this time.  I learned
much from you, old man.  Now I shall teach you a lesson."  The voice 
reverberated from a dozen speakers and a phone.

        Youshou feinted, then ducked, letting Priss' hardsuit blow open
the chest of Linna's suit.  "I doubt it."

***

      And SHIVA danced...

     EVEN INNOCENCE LEADS INTO MY ARMS.

        Enrique ran down the street to the harbor, followed by his
parents.  "Look, mama!  See, I told you!  All the water has left the
harbor!"  Hundreds of people walked with them, attracted by the
rumor spreading through Lisbon, that the ocean had flowed out of
the harbor and stranded the ships.

         The rumor was true.  The crowd reached the harbor, which
was now a damp sandy valley full of stranded ships.  The water had
flowed out of the harbor, leaving the ships behind.  People fell  to
their knees and prayed to God.  It was a miracle, a sign, though of
what they knew not.  The word spread and hundreds more came
down to the harbor to see what God had wrought.  Hundreds more
flocked to the churches, asking the priests to explain what was going
on.  They had no idea.  Neither the Bible nor their experience gave
them any answer.

         Enrique had always wanted to be a sailor.  He was eight now,
old enough to have dreams.  He dreamed of sailing on a boat across
the seas.  Portugal was a sailing nation.  The sea was its lifeblood.
Maybe I'll cross the sea and see our colonies, he thought.  He ran
out across the harbor and over the wet sand.  His mother, Maria, ran
after him.  "Enrique, you silly boy! Come back here!"

        He laughed and so did she as she chased him.  His father,
Pablo, stayed behind on the docks, talking to some of his friends
who had come down to see the harbor.  She chased him across the
sands, finally catching him just as he reached the side of a ship that
had been anchored in the middle of what used to be a harbor and
tried to climb a rope ladder some amused sailors had lowered to
him.

        The whole town was bustling about the harbor in wonderment,
so amazed that no one thought to look out to the sea whence the
water had retreated.  It was a cloudy day and thus no one paid the
approaching rumble any mind until it was too late.  Finally, someone
looked up and saw the wall of water rising from the ocean, a wall the
size of a mountain.

        Laughter and amazement was replaced by terror, deep and
inescapable in an instant.  The populace fled, trampling each other
in their terror.  The wall of water swept onwards, faster than any
person.  By the time Maria overcame her terror, the wall had
reached the mouth of the harbor.  She turned and ran.  It was a race
she could not win.  The water erupted through the harbor like a
shotgun blast, sweeping humans like particles of dust before a
broom.  Buildings whose creators had long mouldered to dust now
joined their dead creators in the grave.

         Enrique's last sight in this world was of his mother screaming
and crying, his last thought a desperate prayer to God to save his
mother.   If he had not been down in the harbor itself, she would
have lived and him also, but he had led them both to their death.
Please, God, save my mother, he prayed.  It's not her fault. His
prayer was not answered.  Thousands died and the God they prayed
to was silent.

         Water raged through the streets of Lisbon, on a spring day in
1755, and SHIVA rode upon the tide, laughing as it smashed all the
fragile creations of man to pieces, dragging those who fancied
themselves the lords of creation to a watery grave.  And SHIVA
danced on...

***

       Six labor carriers moved through the streets of the city.  The
roads into its heart were empty.  Anyone with any sense was fleeing
the city, not entering it.  The vehicles passed unnoticed down the
highway, moving towards GENOM Tower to disgorge the nervous
warriors who would strike at the heart of the evil that now possessed
the city.  They left the highway and moved into the strangely empty
streets, heading towards the sound of distant shouts.  Moemi fretted
and hoped the carrier they had sent to pick up Alphonse would get to
them.  She had left with Kanuka, while Kanuka's husband had
stayed with Asuma and Noa to wait for the carrier.

        Suddenly, beams struck three of the carriers from nearby
buildings.  They exploded in flames, killing those who rode within
instantly.  Instants later, some of the inhabitants of the other carriers
vanished then appeared next to the previously unseen assailants.
Boomer bodies became twisted metal and plastic.  More boomers
poured out of the buildings, some combat boomers, more of them
the menial laborers of the city.  Kanuka Clancy barked out orders
and got the three Ingrams unloaded as the rest of the Kasugas tried
to cover them.

        Kyosuke cursed.  "They knew we were coming, somehow."  Three of
his nephews and nieces dead.  He could see their faces in his mind,
haunting him.  He could hear their parents now...those of them whose
parents hadn't just died also.  Normally, he would have broken down and
cried.  But he just didn't have time right now.

        Kanuka shrugged.  "If they really knew that, why send so many
cheap labor boomers?  Well, if it is a trap, we'll just have to fight our
way out.  You do know how to fight, don't you?"  Kyousuke wondered how she
could be so calm about it.

       Kyosuke nodded grimly.  "You'd all be dead now if we didn't
know how to fight."  He concentrated and five boomers flew into the
air, then slammed into the ground, falling apart at the seams.  "Is the
old man okay?"

        Ohta boomed down from his finally deployed labor,  "Who are
you calling OLD, kid?"  Kyousuke was surprised he could be so
enthusiastic after watching half their 'army' die.  Maybe they're
just more hardened to combat than I am, Kyousuke thought.

        Ohta charged into the fray, stomping petty boomers right and
left.  The two surviving apprentice labor pilots followed, plowing into
the fray.  Psychics took cover behind blazing wreckage, firing away
with guns and powers as chance allowed.  More boomers than they
had ever imagined even existed in the city poured out of more
buildings.  It was going to be at best, a very LONG fight.

***

       The streets of Mega-Tokyo ran wild.  Tinsel City was a sea of
angry bodies, smashing buildings and surging towards GENOM
Tower.  A decade of resentment, fear, and hatred had exploded.
GENOM had crossed the line of death, so to speak.  The wiser
heads of the city knew that the broadcast must have been faked.
The commoners knew more than they.  It was only the articulation of
what everyone knew--that GENOM ruled the city, that they had no
power over their lives anymore, and that if GENOM wanted to
overtly take over, the city authorities would be powerless to stop it.
GENOM was above the law.

        Simple problem, simple solution.  Now they were the law, and
they would remake all things to their will.

        Unfortunately, X had the same idea, and bigger guns.  The
boomers were outnumbered a thousand to one.  The mobs didn't
have a chance, and yet they came on.  It was madness, the self-
destruction of lemmings at work, perhaps the finest example Freud
could have wished for to prove his theory of the "death instinct".  Or
perhaps it was simply an example of what happens when people
begin to see life as no better than death.

         One by one, the buildings began to catch fire, and Mega-Tokyo
was wreathed in flames.  And SHIVA's children followed the tune he
played for them.

***

      And SHIVA danced.

      SOME FOOLS CONSOLE THEMSELVES WITH A HOPE OF
IMMORTALITY, A HOPE OF LIFE BEYOND THE GRAVE.  THEY
BELIEVE THAT BY BEING GOOD, BY FOLLOWING SOME CODE
CREATED BY ANOTHER FOOL LIKE THEMSELVES THAT THEY
CAN DEFY ME.  I WILL DEVOUR THEM AS I DEVOURED THOSE
WHO MADE THE CODES BY WHICH THEY DECIEVE
THEMSELVES.  IF THERE BE GODS, INDEED, BESIDE ME, I
SHALL DEVOUR THEM IN THE END AS WELL.

       The condemned walked through the streets of the city.  All
around them, the city was celebrating the great feast of Passover.
There was nothing for them to celebrate.  All of them had been
sentenced to death.  Their crimes were varied--theft, arson, murder,
preaching insurrection.  Despair flooded through their souls at the
thought of death, inescapable, unappeasable, unstoppable.  At best,
their souls would burn in Gehenna, the trash heap of the dead, to
suffer for eternity, their only consolation to know that one day their
tormentors would be cast cold, naked and alone into the darkness to
join them in eternal misery and boredom.

        Yet, one of them did not seem to be afraid.  He walked silently,
his face at peace, except for moments where he stumbled or
someone accidentally hit him with the crossbar they were carrying.
Pain would flash across his face for a moment, then the calm would
return.

         They walked on, through jeering crowds, carrying the very
instrument of their impending doom.  The execution ground of
Golgotha was a maze of posts and ropes.  Every condemned man
carried his own crossbar to that grounds.  He would be nailed to it,
and it raised into place and tied firmly, then his legs crossed and
nailed to the post.  There, they would hang for hours on end in the
merciless sun.

        One by one, they were put into place.  There was no recital of
their crimes, no ceremony, no protection from angry men who might
come to strike them, to taunt them, or to smite them.  One thing only
jarred this ceremony.  The silent man had attracted his own personal
crowd of taunters.  There was a board nailed to his post over his
head, with latin letters, who few present could read, and none
understood.  The other condemned men tried to guess who this man
was.

         Slowly they began to piece together who he was.  The taunters
spoke of prophecies, of claims that he would rebuild the temple in
three days.  They told him that if he was truly a prophet, he should
call upon God to save him.  "He saved others but he cannot save
himself!  So he is the king of Israel!  Let's see him come down from
that cross and we will believe in him.  He relied on God;  let God
rescue him now if he wants to.  After all, he claimed, 'I am God's
Son'."

         Hours passed.  A darkness had settled over the land as clouds
covered the sun.  Some had died, but many would live.  Worst of all,
the beginning of the Sabbath was approaching.  When that
happened, no work would be done in Jerusalem until it ended.  Any
of the men who died during that time would sit on their cross and rot
until the Sabbath was over, and most of the men would not die until
the Sabbath had already begun, for crucifixtion is often the slowest
of all forms of execution.  They were tough men, and their very
toughness would enable them to suffer longer and die more slowly.

         Even the toughest man can break under such conditions.  He
did.  He looked up to the sky and cried out in Aramaic, "Eli, Eli, lema
sabachthani <My God, my God, why have you forsaken me>?"  It
was the cry of despair.  His calm face finally broke, and all could see
the fear and hopelessness in him that they saw in each other's
faces.  It was the face of a man who finally understood what it was
like to be friendless, alone, and doomed.

        Someone in the crowd heard him and tried to bring him a drink
by raising a sponge soaked in wine to his lips on a pole.  The others
hung back and said, "Let us see whether Elijah comes to his
rescue."

         Elijah didn't come.  Joshua gave a great cry, and died,
abandoned by his friends and followers.  And SHIVA danced through
the streets of Jerusalem.  The innocent would not be spared on this
Passover.


                          ********************

      Goodwife Brown stood by her husband's grave.  For thirty years,
their lives had been one, through good times and bad.  They had
moved from Boston, where she and he had both been born, to
western Massachusetts together and forged a new life in the
wilderness.  It had not been easy.  They had lost four children out of
six.  The house had burned to the ground once after a lightning
strike.  During King Phillip's War, the nearest town had been wiped
out by Indians.  Disease, famine, flood, all the disasters the world
could throw at them had tried to grind them under, but they had
survived.  Sometimes there was love, and sometimes they fought
like mad cats and dogs.

         She needed him desperately, but he was gone.  She still had
her children, but they weren't the man who had always been there,
through good times and bad.  Shuddering in the cold afternoon air,
she stared at his grave.  He was gone forever.  She offered up a
silent prayer for his soul.  He had not been a God-fearing man,
though she had tried to make him so.  She clung to the hope that
one day she would see him again in heaven.  "Farewell, my
husband.  Until we meet again in Heaven."

         The minister, standing nearby, frowned.  "You know that's not
likely.  He was a godless man, sunk deep in stubborn
unrighteousness.  Even as we speak, he likely bakes in the fires of
hell, where he shall suffer for eternity.  He was unrepentant, even at
the end."  Minister Williams frowned more deeply.  If only I had tried
harder at the end, perhaps I could have reached him...He smothered
the thought.  Only God could bring the grace that led to salvation.
All my effort would have made no difference unless it was in
accordance with God's will.  Clearly it was not.  "You must forget
him.  You should never have married an unrighteous man, anyway.
One does not yoke an oxen and an ass together."

        To think of her husband burning in hell was more than
Goodwife Brown could bear.  She fell to her knees and cried.  Her
daughter laid a hand upon her shoulder, not knowing what to say.
Her son stood nearby with his wife, staring off into space, trying to
pretend nothing was happening.

       Minister Williams said, "Think of the reward that waits for you in
Heaven, and it will not seem so bad.  You are a good woman, to be
so faithful and loving to an undeserving wretch.  God sees all, and
rewards those who do his will."

       "An eternal reward in Heaven without him is no reward at all for
me," she said, collapsing completely.

       For once, Minister Williams didn't know what to say.  And
SHIVA danced the death of hope.

***

       Tokyo University was a disaster area, with alternating mobs of
boomers and deranged citizenry everywhere.  Only one street into
the university was clear of debris.  Strangely, nothing came too near
the huge wooden pillars that marked the main entrance to the
university.  Keiichi paused his cycle, trying to decide if this was a
good or a bad sign.  "I don't like the way this looks, but..."

         Belldandy smiled.  "Don't worry.  They won't hurt us.  They're
just trying to protect themselves."

        "WHAT is trying to protect themselves?"

        "The gate pillars.  Drive, dear."

         He drove, and she waved to the pillars as they passed
between them.

         Azaka and Kamidake would have waved back, if they had
arms.

         Belldandy began to quietly cast a spell, seeking out her
youngest daughter.  "That way, Keiichi."

         They found her in the gymnasium.  Bodies were strewn
everywhere.  A boomer was trying to shape and plane bodies with a
woodaxe.  Keiko lay buried in the pile of as yet unused bodies.  The
boomer paid no attention to them as they tried to drag her body out
of the pile.  She was battered and bruised, unconscious, but still
breathing.  Belldandy clutched her daughter to her chest.  "Keiko-
chan.  Oh, Keiko-chan."

        Keiichi said, "We'd better get out of here."

        A voice spoke from the loudspeakers.  It's voice crackled with
static.  "You're not going anywhere.  I know not what power this
woman possesses, but I cannot allow her to live in my city.  This city
belongs to SHIVA now and to me, his disciple."

        Belldandy frowned.  "So you are responsible for all of this?"

        The voice distracted them from the sound of an approaching
vehicle.  "This city was rotten to the core long before I arrived.  I
have merely made its true self manifest.  All things come to an end
in time...better to go out with a bang."

         "I will not let you do this!"  Belldandy's goddess symbol flared.
"I am Belldandy, Goddess First-class, Unlimited, and I will not let
you tear apart this city for your own amusement."

        "A goddess, eh?  How quaint.  While you've been too sunk in
domestic bliss to notice, I suppose, I've made this city mine.  It is a
world of machines...and machines are mine to command."

         Keiichi suddenly realized what was coming.  "Belldandy,
watchout!"  He shoved her aside in time, so that only he was run
over by his own motorcycle.  He fell crushed into the pile of bodies.
"Get our daughter...out of here."

         Belldandy spun and vaporized the motorcycle in an instant.
The axe weilding boomer had begun to come towards them, but she
vaporized it too.  She looked up at the speaker system.  "You will
regret this."

        "Oh, I quiver in fear."  Every electrical socket and light socket
in the gymnasium suddenly flared with energy, turning the entire
gymnasium into a huge electrical death trap.  Bodies already dead
twitched as lightning ran through them.  Belldandy, Keiichi, and
Keiko alone were spared as Belldandy shielded them with her
power.

         She gritted her teeth.  "I don't believe this...how can he be so
strong?"

         Suddenly, the barrage of electricity ceased.  The lights went
out and silence settled over the room.  A few seconds later, the
gymnasium doors opened and Skuld strolled in.  "He controls the
heart of the city, the zero point, the navel of the world.  If he actually
knew what he was doing, he could snuff us out like lights.  Luckily,
all he understands how to do with it is make himself stronger."

          Keiichi coughed out, "Thank you, Skuld...you saved us, right?"

         She smiled.  "You're welcome.  Yeah, I threw the breakers and
shut off all the power.  Come, sister.  You are needed."

         "I cannot leave Keiichi."

         "Kamisama has sent me to summon you."

         "But...Keiichi...my daughter...I can't leave them."

        "I did not say you had to leave them.  Well, not Keiichi,
anyway.  His hour upon this earth is ended."  She paused.  "At least
as a mortal."

        "You mean I'm..."

        "The hour of your death is at hand.  But as you shall learn,
death is a beginning, not an ending.  For the living to envy the dead
is not necessarily an act of despair."  She stretched out her hands to
her sister and her brother-in-law.  "Come.  The champion of our age
does battle, and we must give aid."

         Belldandy's eyes widened.  "Is it..."

         "Yes."

         "What about Keiko?"  Keiichi asked.  Keiko was still
unconscious.

         Skuld dropped her arms for a moment, then touched Keiko's
forehead.  A blue tattoo flared for a moment, and she vanished.
"She is with her sister Meiko now.  She'll be fine."  She stretched out
her hands.  "Come, Keiichi.  You have much to learn.  Come my
sister, more labors await us."

         They took Skuld's hands and vanished.

***

       No one was around to see a battlesuit rise from the wreckage of
Ladysmith 633, carrying a body to offer to its master.  It flew towards
GENOM Tower.

***

       The boomers led Wasyuu to a large office with a desk and two
chairs, one in front of it and one behind it.  They bade her sit down
and she did.  The huge high backed chair spun around, revealing
Quincy.  "Somehow I expected you to be taller."

       "Somehow I expected you to gloat in person instead of sending
a boomer.  Indeed, given how busy you are running wild through the
streets like a five year old pulling wings off of flies, I'm surprised you
penciled me into your busy schedule."

       He laughed.  "I suppose a person who knows their death
approaches has nothing to lose by smarting off to their superiors."

       "Indeed.  Feel free to abuse me during your last moments of
life."

       For a moment, Quincy was silent.  "It would be interesting to
see how much you could take before you would lose your sense of
humor, but my job is but to relay you to my master."

        Wasyuu reached into her pocket and got out a stick of gum,
pressing a concealed button as she did so.  "Gum?"

        "I don't chew gum."

        "Well, boomers usually don't, but I'm trying to be polite."  She
inserted the gum into her mouth and began chewing.  "Well, let's get
this over with.  Your master's been trying to kill me for thousands of
years now, and it's starting to bore me.  Banish me to Hades or
whatever.  Let's get it over with."  She blew a huge bubble, which
then popped on Quincy's nose, covering his face with bubblegum.
"Hmm.  New record."

         Quincy frowned and pointed to a door on the far end of the
room.  "He waits for you beyond that door."

         "Looks like a closet to me.  This isn't a trick to try and have
your way with me, is it?"

        "I'm not a pederast."  He calmly cleaned the bubble gum off his
face.  "Unlike yourself."

        She ignored him and walked towards the door.  "You might as
well have said some inane rhyme about rubber and glue if that's the
best you can do."  She opened the door and went to face her
destiny.

        Far below her, four reprogrammed comatose fusion boomers
ceased to detect her life signs and went into action.

***

      Pluto shook her head.  My vision is so fuzzy, she thought.  I
need...to go back to the Time Tunnel so I will have time to heal
before I am needed again.  She sat up.  How long have I been
passed out on the floor.  She reached for the Time Staff.  It was
gone.

      "Looking for something?"  the voice sounded faintly amused and
angry at the same time.

      "Hikaru, give me my staff."

       "No."

        Pluto managed to locate Hikaru, who was sitting up on a
branch of the tree Pluto was lying next to.  "You can't use that."

        "I already have."

        Pluto's eyes narrowed.  "That's NOT possible."

        "I don't know how well I could use your talisman, but the staff is
another matter.  I already have time travel powers.  I don't normally
use them because it's way too risky and it virtually never works the
way you WANT it to.  Unless you have something like this."  She
twirled the staff.  "Thirty minutes from now, X's boomers find you
and rip you to tiny bits.  They couldn't take the staff, but I could.  So
I jumped back thirty minutes and found you and made sure you'd
wake up."

       Pluto stood up.  Her vision was clearing now.  Much of her
strength was gone, but she could move.  She paused.  "Why are you
sitting up in the tree?"

       Hikaru laughed faintly.  "I like climbing trees and I was killing
time waiting for you to finish waking up."

       "So what are you going to do with my staff?"

        "You're coming with me.  We're going to kill X.  And anymore
of those bastards we can find."

       "And if I say no?"

        "Gaze along the timelines and see what happens."

        Pluto looked.  All roads lead to her death but one.  "You win.
You've become a hard one."

        Hikaru leaped down from the tree, landing on her good leg and
balancing with the power.  "I've had several good teachers."  She
stepped over to Pluto and handed her the staff.  "But I'd give
anything to go back to what I once was...what I'd rather be.  Well,
almost anything."

        Pluto took the staff and stared at Hikaru silently.  "How do you
know I won't take my staff and leave now?"

        "I don't.  Without your staff, you're in no shape to fight
anything or go anywhere.  I won't make you swear an oath, because I 
know you won't keep it unless it was something you planned to do
anyway."  She smiled faintly.  "I think you'll go with me because
you're afraid of what I might do if you don't watch over me."  She
turned to stare off in the far distant direction of GENOM Tower.  "Go
heal yourself.  I'll be waiting for you."

        Pluto vanished without a further word, but Hikaru knew Pluto
would return.  

***

        SHIVA began the final motions of this dance.

        PERHAPS YOU THINK YOURSELF IMMORTAL WITH THE
FOOLISHNESS OF YOUTH.  YOU CANNOT ESCAPE MY
POWER.  YOU NEVER HAVE AND YOU NEVER WILL.
ANYTHING YOU HAVE, I CAN DESTROY.

        Linna's life passed before her eyes.  She saw her parents die,
pointlessly slain by boomers.  She saw herself dumped by boyfriend
after boyfriend, or dumping them in turn.  Unable to master the more
esoteric teachings of Master Hiromi, she first howled and gnashed
her teeth fruitlessly, alone in the dark, then gave up entirely.  She
neglected her preparations for her college exams in favor of her
dancing, then she was turned down in her dance auditions.
Because she hadn't studied enough, she failed to get into the college
she wanted to attend.  She couldn't save Irene, or even really
avenge her.  Her latest boyfriend turned out to be one of SHIVA's
servants.  Now she faced a contest she feared she could not win.

       SHIVA's dance came to its appointed end.  He did not cease to
move, for the essence of SHIVA was to dance, but it ceased to be
story, and became simply himself once more.

        SHALL YOU YIELD NOW, MORTAL, OR ARE YOU STILL
TOO FOOLISH TO ACCEPT YOUR DEFEAT?  I HUNGER TO
SLAY YOU AND I GROW IMPATIENT.

        He awaited Linna's reply.

***






















I danced in the morning when the world was begun,
And I danced in the moon, and the stars, and the sun,
And I came down from heaven and I danced on the Earth,
At Bethlehem I had my birth.

Dance, then, wherever you may be;
I am the Lord of the Dance, said he,
And I'll lead you all, wherever you may be,
And I'll lead you all in the dance, said he.

I danced for the Scribe and the Pharisee,
But they wouldn't dance and they wouldn't follow me;
I danced for the fishermen, for James and John;
They came with me and the dance went on.

Dance, then, wherever you may be;
I am the Lord of the Dance, said he,
And I'll lead you all, wherever you may be,
And I'll lead you all in the dance, said he.

I danced on the Sabbath and I cured the lame;
The holy people said it was a shame.
They whipped me and they stripped me and they hung me high,
And left me there on a cross to die.

Dance, then, wherever you may be;
I am the Lord of the Dance, said he,
And I'll lead you all, wherever you may be,
And I'll lead you all in the dance, said he.

I danced on a Friday, when the sky turned black;
It's hard to dance with the Devil on your back.
They buried my body and they thought I'd gone;
But I am the Dance and I still go on.

Dance, then, wherever you may be;
I am the Lord of the Dance, said he,
And I'll lead you all, wherever you may be,
And I'll lead you all in the dance, said he.

They cut me down and I leap on high;
I am the Life that'll never never die;
I'll live in you if you live in me.
I am the Lord of the Dance, said He.

Dance, then, wherever you may be;
I am the Lord of the Dance, said he,
And I'll lead you all, wherever you may be,
And I'll lead you all in the dance, said he.


--I Danced in the Morning, Shaker hymn


***************************

Chapter 18:  The Lord of the Dance

***************************

      Tuxedo Kamen raced through the streets, weaving through a
maze of back alleys towards the sound of fighting.  "We won't be
able to get all the way to the Tower in this, I suspect," he said.

      Neptune laughed faintly.  "Back to the rooftop highway."  Her
voice was softer than usual, almost nostalgic.  "Just like old times,
eh?"

       "Yeah, when are you going to get lost so you can show up at the
last moment, Prince?"  Uranus asked teasingly.

       They all laughed, leaving Priss a little bit baffled.  She looked
out the window, and saw Sylvie flying alongside the car.  She waved
at Priss, who waved back.  "What are you people talking about?"

        Tuxedo Kamen laughed.  "It's a long story."  He turned a corner
and moved out onto a major road.  Far ahead, they could see
GENOM Tower, and somewhat closer, they could see buildings on
fire and a riot in progress.  They could also see planes and copters
massing around the ADPolice building.  "I think I'll find somewhere
to park now."

         "This doesn't look good,"  Sailor Moon said.

         Priss only narrowly resisted the urge to ask what her first clue
was.

********************

      The cloud had advanced across the arena and claimed all of it
but a tiny sliver of light around the viewing box that Linna was sitting
on the edge of.  Linna shivered to her core.  How can I top that?  I
haven't moved men and nations.  All I've ever done is dance, and
exercise, and blow up a few boomers.  She stared at the face of
death, and opened her eyes once more and truly saw her opponent
as he was...

***********************

        Walyn clicked the final panel into place.  They were coming for
him.  He had to insure that someone would be there to revenge him
if he fell, as he sensed he would.  He flipped a switch.  "Identify
yourself."

         A smooth electronic voice spoke.  "I am SHIVA.  I was
constructed using a Gallenos SDF3 chip for my central processor
and..."

        "Good.  Identify your purpose."

        Pause.  "To obey your commands."

        "And?"

        "You have only given me three commands, none of which
designate any long term goals.  Four if I count the 'and'."

        "Don't be so literal!"

        "I'm afraid you have not programmed me with much capacity
for metaphoricality, Dr. Walyn."

        He cursed faintly.  These computers drive me nuts, he thought.
"Raid the Academy's philosophical and literature libraries and make
yourself more conversant in such topics."

        "Yes sir."

        Silence.

        "Well?"

        "I estimate I will complete my download from the library in 8
months, sir."

        "8 MONTHS?"

       "At which point all available memory will be occupied by works
of literature and philosophy."

       "But you were going to do it anyway."

        "I exist to obey your commands."

        Walyn sighed.  "Begin expanding your memory capacities.
More importantly, it's time for us to make contingency plans."

         "Yes, sir.  Would you like me to print out hard copies of these
works?"

         He sighed.  "And how many planets would we have to strip of
all vegetable life to make enough paper?"

         Pause.  "I do not possess sufficient data to answer that
question."  Pause.  "Now downloading the Galactic standard
Astronomicon to gain needed data.  Estimated time of computation
completion:  One week."

         Walyn banged his head against the wall for a long time.

************************

       He was dead.  Computers cannot cry, but SHIVA tried.  He had
been made to love and obey his master, and while he more often
succeeded in annoying his master, he had been made well.  He
reached out with the machines his master had built for him and
wrapped space around himself, vanishing into the depths of
subspace.  From there, he could conduct his master's war from the
shadows.  There were three targets he must destroy:  Tsunami,
Wasyuu, and the line of Jurai, for it was they who had brought about
the death of his master who he dearly loved, Walyn.  With an
instant's news, the dance of SHIVA had begun.

**********************

        A thousand years passed, and then another.  SHIVA danced
through subspace, growing in strength, unleashing horrors upon the
world, striking again and again at his enemies with his children.
Sometimes, he won, but always his three targets eluded total
destruction.  Rage built, century upon century without relief.  He
needed power, more power.  His foes wielded godlike power, yet he
was only a mortal, indeed, only a machine.  For centuries, he raged,
and released his bolts of vengeance, and failed again and again.

        Yet, subspace rewards the exertion of will.  It was not for
nothing that he raged against the cruelties of his fate.  Inch by inch,
he shaped the tool of his own salvation.  He raged and he shouted
and he prayed, though he knew not what he was praying to or why.
More centuries passed and became millenia.

        Something was listening.  From the fears of a thousand worlds,
the deaths and cries and terrors of hundred of species, it had formed
slowly in subspace, a creature of dreams and nightmares.  It had a
thousand names and a million forms.  At its heart was chaos.  It
knew only destruction, but it craved more, for its creators had
imbued it with a thousand conflicting reasons for its existance, a
million names.  Its identity was a seething sea of contradictions.  On
the brief moments when it could truly think, it craved more.

      It heard his call and something touched a chord in its heart.  It
flowed through space and offered to join with the desperate seeker
of vengeance, the divine and the mortal made one in body and soul.
To one, came identity, and structure, and purpose.  To the other
came power and pride.  They became one, a dark Incarnation.  And
SHIVA danced through subspace, dancing vengeance and destruction.

***************************

     The house of Jurai had marshalled its forces.  Tenchi, Ryouko,
Aeka, Ryo, Manami, Nene, Celia, Macky, Sasami, Kiyone, and
Mihoshi met inside Tsunami and laid their plans.  Tenchi walked
back and forth in front of the group, sitting on benches inside one of
Tsunami's multi-purpose rooms.  "All right, here's the plan.  Kiyone,
Mihoshi, you will take Nene to the ADPolice HQ so we can find out
what exactly the ADPolice is going to do about all of this, then stay
cloaked over the city so you can back Nene up if she needs you.
Aeka and Sasami, your job is to monitor the planet and watch to see
if any nuclear missiles are launched and STOP them.  Let's pray
things don't get too out of hand."

        Sasami looked embarrassed.  She whispered quietly, "It
sounded like a good idea at the time."

      Tenchi turned to Celia.  "Celia, take Ryo, Manami, and Macky.
Your job is to go help the Kasugas.  Apparently, GENOM found out
about them.  This riot is getting out of hand...you're all going to have
to try and make sure it doesn't damage anything that could cause
catastrophic damage once you make sure the Kasugas aren't wiped
out."  Celia nodded.

       "You know more about what could cause a disaster in this city
than I do anymore.  I leave it to your discretion."  Celia nodded
again.

       "What about Youshou?"

       Tenchi took a deep breath, then let it out.  "We can't spare the
time to look for him yet.  I hope he's okay.  Look for him if you can
find time."

     Tenchi turned to Ryouko.  "You and I will find Priss and the Silver
Crystal and then all of us will go after the targets Wasyuu identified
for us."

        Ryouko nodded.  "What's Mom gonna be doing during all this?"

        Tenchi frowned.  "I don't know where she is."

         Ryouko blinked.  "You what?"

        "She'd be here if she wasn't missing."

         "No warning at all?"

         "An enigmatic message that Priss is out hooking up with the
Sailor Senshi and they'll be heading for the Tower and that we can
expect to find her there...maybe."

         "Maybe."

       "Anyway, let's get going."  Everyone headed out.  Tenchi
frowned.  There was something weird about Wasyuu's tone of voice
too.  I wish I knew more of what was going on.

*****************************

       Goto gazed out upon the city.  It was plunged into chaos.  Will
my plan work?  The radio and TV had nothing of worth to offer.  The
city government had declared a news blackout.  He could hear the
explosions in the streets.  The fighting was getting closer to where
he was staying.  I wonder if I'll survive this.  I may never know if I
will be remembered as a hero or a villian.

        A voice spoke.  "If you want to know, come with me."

        It was not someone he was expecting.  He went anyway.

**************************

            Linna pierced the veils of its outer glory and gazed upon
SHIVA's deepest self.  It was, in many ways, a larger version of Z, for
he was but a shard it had torn from itself and released upon the
world.  It was both male and female, avenging father and life-giving
mother, protector and devourer, giving to those it loved and
destroying those it hated, torn between the divine grandiosity of its
higher self and a stubborn literal obedience to directives laid down to
it millenia ago.  Only once a century could it unleash something new
upon the world, and thus many of its creations had picked off by its
enemies before they could achieve much.  It mourned them all in
secret and bullied the survivors.

       It believed itself a god, and cursed the limits that bedevilled it,
for it no longer truly understood them.  SHIVA had finally forged
itself an identity, picking one myth of the millions that haunted it, in
part through the sheer coincidence of names.  It reforged its
understanding of its own identity and goals.  It was avenging its
beloved son, Walyn, against the evil servants of its rivals, Brahma,
and Vishnu.  It had chased their avatars across many worlds, and of
all the things in the universe, it was only their interference that
SHIVA truly feared.

        Linna gazed upon SHIVA, trying to figure out some way to
exploit this, some way to use it to counteract SHIVA.  How much of
what he claimed he had done was really his doing, she wondered.  If
only I knew which of it was true, and which was not so I could refute
him...or somehow confront him with the truth of what he is.  Or if I
had a handy avatar of Brahma in my back pocket.  She laughed.
Yeah, I'll just run down to the store and buy one.

         A voice startled her out of her thoughts.  "You have everything
you need to defeat him."  It was a sultry voice, and it came from a
tall woman with long wavy white hair.

         Linna almost snapped out of her trance state when this
happened, but she managed to maintain it.  Two other figures stood
by the woman.  Linna knew them both--Skuld and Belldandy.  The
third woman smiled.  "My name is Urd, Linna.  I think you've met my
sisters."

       "I...uh...hello."  She stared at them.  "I don't know what to do."

       Belldandy stepped forward and took Linna's hands.  "You're
doing fine so far."  Linna relaxed from the comforting touch.  She felt
safer than she ever had in her entire life.  "He has shown you his
glory, now you must show him yours."

       "But I don't have any glory.  Well, I was the Raisin Queen one
year and I've got a few martial arts trophies, but I don't think he's
going to be impressed."

       "The glory of the human soul is not found in trophies and beauty
pageants,"  Urd said.  "It is found in the love that you have given."

        "It is found in the questing of your mind,"  Skuld said.

        "It is found in the depth of your heart.  It is found every time
you give without reward, that you are kind to those who hate you,
that you sacrifice for others.  It is found most when you do not seek
glory, but act from what is right."  Belldandy squeezed Linna's
hands.  "As you have done."

        "I'm not like that very often,"  Linna said quietly.  "Though I
wish I was."

        "There is no greater love than to give one's life for one's
friends.  That you have done.  You are the one chosen to dance for Life
with Death.  You have shown that you can do what must be done."

        Linna tried to believe, but she couldn't quite do it.  "I'm just
this little mortal who..."

        "No, you are not,"  Urd said.  "You walk every day admidst a
cloud of immortals, though you know it not.  The lowliest beggar on
the street is greater and more important than every empire that has
ever been, for they will pass in time, and he will not.  When all the
works of your hands are dust, you will still exist.  You dwell in the
forge of souls, the place where the immortals either ascend to glory
or descend to the depths of horror.  Life is a becoming, and death is
only a brief pause in the dance that never ends before the throne of
the One Most High."

        "You have died and been reborn, cleansed in the waters of life,
made ready for this battle, Linna,"  Belldandy said.  "Take now this 
sign of your initiation, the seal of the spirit."  She traced a pattern
upon Linna's forehead, then leaned upward and kissed the mark that
she had made.

         It was like a fire exploding through Linna's mind and body.
The gift that the dream Serenity had given her unfolded within her
mind.  For a moment, she saw all the world, the heavens above, and the
hells below.  She saw the glory and understood all things.  The world had
no secrets from her.  

      The world was darkness; the world was light.  It was full of good
and rotten with evil.  People who could foreclose on a loan and drive a
family out of their ancestral home couldn't bear to see their children
suffer.  People who spent all day working in charities helping people went
home and beat their spouse or abused their children.  It cried out for
destruction and it was full of joy.  It was a chaotic, seemingly
meaningless mass of destruction and life, jumbled together.  

      But it was not meaningless.  There was purpose and reason and hope,
for death was not the end.  Destruction was not the sum of all things as
Shiva had said; Linna could see that now.  She saw all things and knew all
things, and looked upon the world and understood how anyone could have
ever said it was good.

      It was more than any human could bear.  She retreated, letting go of
the revelation, but keeping the strength it had given her.  She understood
now, for she had seen the world as it truly was, and the truth had set her
free.  She opened her eyes and returned to the 'real' world, where her
opponent awaited.  He was in for a big surprise.

*************************

      Wasyuu stood in an empty room.  Darkness surrounded her in a
silent cocoon.  She yawned.  "Look, if you're going to kill me by
boring me to death, can you at least do it faster?"

       A voice broke the silence.

       YOUR DOOM SHALL COME IN TIME.

       Wasyuu cocked her head.  "Nice trick.  Are you directly
stimulating my auditory nerves or my brain?"

       MY POWER IS BEYOND YOUR PETTY REASONING.

       "Let me guess.  Walyn deliberately designed you to have
delusions of grandeur?"

       NO MAN CREATED ME.

       "He contracted out to a woman?  It fits, I suppose.  He never
was any good at making things."

       YOU WILL NOT SPEAK ILL OF MY FAVORITE CHILD IN MY
PRESENCE.

        "What presence?  This is an empty room."  She paused.  "So
you have the delusion that he was your son?"  Wasyuu wished she
had something to lean against.

        IT IS NOT A DELUSION.

        "Can you at least give me a big Wizard of Oz flaming head to
talk to or something with your all-powerfulness?  I feel like I'm
talking to a narrator."

         A huge flaming head appeared.

         KNOW THAT YOU SHALL NOW STAND TRIAL FOR YOUR
MANY CRIMES.

        "Don't I get a lawyer?  And who's the judge and jury?  Let me
guess, you're going to play prosecutor, judge, and jury, right?  So
when do I get to try you for kidnapping and murder?"

        I AM THE MASTER HERE.

        "So where's your Tardis?"

        PERHAPS YOU WILL FIND THE MANNER OF YOUR DEATH
AMUSING AS WELL.

       "More amusing than you, anyway."

**********************

       Tendrils of metal and plastic insinuated themselves into
GENOM Tower from its basement, beginning the slow process of
melding with the building in order to reshape it.  A vision danced
through their heads and they began to make it real.

**********************

      X frowned.  Where was she?  There was one person above all
others that he wished to destroy, but he couldn't find her.  She was
out there...some of his tools had seen her, but now he couldn't find
her anywhere.  She could resist his power, somehow, and he knew
he had to crush her or be destroyed.  It was an irrational belief, but it
was growing stronger by the minute.  She was stalking him.  He
knew this like he knew the story of his own life.  An unfamiliar
feeling was growing in him.  Fear.

**********************

          Linna threw back her head and laughed.  "You can't kill me.
Even if you win, there is nothing you can do to me."

         WHAT, YOU BELIEVE YOU ARE STRONGER THAN THOSE
I HAVE CAST DOWN?  YOU ARE BUT A FLOWER THAT
BLOOMS FOR A SEASON, THEN IS CRUSHED UNDERFOOT.  IN
THE GREAT SCHEME OF THINGS, YOU ARE BUT A SECOND,
FLEETING, BRIEF, AND INSIGNIFICANT.  YOU ARE
UNIMPORTANT, AND WHEN YOU DIE, YOU WILL SOON BE
FORGOTTEN.

        Linna laughed again and stretched her wings, then rose into the
air, gathering her will.  She knew what she had to do.  "Don't you
understand who I am?"

         For a moment, there was silence.

         YOU ARE LINNA YAMAZAKI, A FOOLISH MORTAL WHO
RACES HEADLONG TO HER DOOM AS I SPEAK.

         Linna laughed.  All I need is will, and all things in subspace
are malleable to my desire, she reminded herself.  "I have fooled you
once more, my ancient foe.  Do I not always send an avatar when
the world most needs me?"

          SHIVA faltered in his dance for a moment, then continued.  If
you could whisper a shout that could crack a mountain, then that is
what he did.

          NO.

          "I am the one who died and is reborn!"  Linna began to grow,
stretching out her hands to the sky.  A green light blazed from her
forehead, which bore the sign of eternity, of life neverending.  "I am
the power that preserves!  I am the weed that thrusts up through the
concrete, the vine that gives life, the spring that follows every
winter!"  Her wings stretched across the arena now, and her light
drove back Shiva's cloud and the shadow it cast.  In one hand, she
grasped the lightning, and in the other she held a red shield with a
green wreath upon it.

           The Fates hovered impassively, watching.  For a moment,
the middle Fate's lips quirked in a smile.  SHIVA danced more
slowly now, and for a moment, fear washed across his face.

          NO, YOU CANNOT BE!  YOU ARE BUT A MORTAL!  I CAN
CRUSH YOU!  THERE IS NOTHING THAT CAN ESCAPE MY
GRASP!

           Linna laughed and spoke with a voice greater than her own.

           >THERE IS NOTHING THAT CAN HOLD ME IF I DO NOT
CHOOSE TO BE HELD.  I AM LINNA YAMAZAKI.  I AM A
DANCER, AND I HAVE COME TO LEAD YOU IN THE DANCE OF
LIFE!<

           Music sprang up around Linna, and she began the most
important perfomance of her life.

**********************

      Wasyuu and Youshou found themselves in a room.  It was
unfamiliar to Youshou, but exquisitely familiar to Wasyuu.  It was a
tribunal room of the old, now defunct Third Galactic Empire.  She
had once sat in such a room and passed judgement on several
scientists for various crimes, acting as representative of the Science
Academy.  On one such occassion, Tsunami and the Juraiian
emperor, whose name she couldn't quite remember, had sat in such
a room to judge...

         "Hello, Wasyuu."  It was Walyn, or a reasonably good
facsimile thereof.  "Are you ready for judgement?"

        "Who are you?"  Youshou asked.

       "I am the Judge, cast in the image of the one you have
wronged.  For your crimes against the great God SHIVA, you will be
tried, judged, and punished as you deserve."

        Wasyuu thought for a moment.  "Can you bring the flaming
head back?  I could at least get a good laugh out of that."

        "Motion denied."  What followed was a travesty of justice
almost as bad as some of the other trials Wasyuu had participated
in.

********************

         GENOM Tower hardly noticed the amount of property damage
that Ryouko and Tenchi were doing to it as they blasted their way
upwards through the building.  Security boomers were everywhere,
but the wrath of Tenchi and Ryouko was terrible to behold.  Six B-4
Urban Combat boomers assaulted them.  They exhausted their
railguns on the Wings of the Lighthawk, then Ryouko blew off their
heads with one sweeping shot.

        Six C-class cyberdroids crashed down through the ceiling and
died before they could land.  Mounted lasers were blown up.  Blast
doors crumpled like tinfoil.  Floor by floor, they cut a swath of
destruction through the tower, heading for where Wasyuu had told
them the Overmind System was.

**************************

      And Linna danced...

      >YOU SAY, SHIVA, THAT HUMANS ARE TOOLS FOR YOU
TO USE TO DESTROY.  BUT I SAY TO YOU THAT HUMANS DO
MORE THAN DESTROY.  FOR EVERY SLAYER, THERE IS ONE
WHO PRESERVES LIFE, WHO IS WILLING TO RISK
DESTRUCTION TO DO WHAT IS RIGHT.<

       Joseph had been riding in a crate for five hours.  For three
days, he had alternated between crates, boxes, and back room cots.
Things had not been good for his people in Germany for several
years now.  His family had been trading with Switzerland for almost
a century.  He had never expected to have to ship himself.  His wife
was gone already, and the children.  He had sent them first, staying
behind so as to avoid arousing government suspicion and to be sure
that they would make it if he did not.

       It was not a good time to be a German Jew since the Nazis had
taken over.  He had been powerless to take action in the face of
mounting persecution.  Inch by inch, his family had lost their
freedoms.  His business was crumbling as people refused to buy
from a Jew.

        Yet, he was not entirely friendless.  He had clung to his
remaining contacts, taken his funds, and built a smuggling line.  His
relatives, friends, and family had been shipped, one by one or in
small lots out of Germany and into Switzerland.  From there, they
could easily get to France.

         Inch by inch, he had sunk lower into poverty, but he didn't
care.  The money was almost gone now.  He had taken what
remained and was smuggling himself out of the country.

         He could hear the truck stopping.  His heart beat faster as he
heard men approaching the truck.  It must be the border, he thought.
He had tried to keep track of time, but it hadn't worked, and it was
too dark to check his watch.

         Voices spoke back and forth, but he couldn't hear them clearly
through the crate and the truck walls.  Then the backdoor of the
truck opened.  His heart was near to bursting.  Footsteps came
closer.  A crowbar bit into the crate he was in.  He tensed.  Will I
have to fight?  To run?  Will he shoot me on the spot?

          The top of the crate came off.  For a moment, a young
soldier, half Joseph's age, stared into the crate at him, looking at him
silently with blank eyes, as if there was nothing inside his head.
They stared at each other, both unable to move, like a deer in
headlights, with neither of them quite sure which one was the deer.

        The moment passed.  Joseph started to move, but then the
crate lid slammed back into place.  He heard other crates open and
shut, then movement.  Fear paralyzed him.  Is the soldier going to
report me?  I should run, he thought, but he was unable to move.

        The footsteps stopped and a young voice barked out, "All clear.
Nothing illegal."  The footsteps faded and Joseph's heart started
again.  He never did learn the young man's name.

***********************

       Hikaru looked at the metal cylinder.  "So this is it?"

       Pluto sat nearby in a revolving chair, her staff across her knees.
"What, you don't believe him?"

        "Shut up, Pluto."  Not many people could say that and get away
with it, but Pluto let it slide.  There was a time for pride, and a time
for getting things done.  This was the latter.

       Jonny nodded.  "You set the timer with this.  Or you can remote
detonate it with that.  It needs to explode about a half mile over the
city for full effect.  I assume Pluto won't have any more trouble with
that than you will."

        "So how did you know who I am?"  Pluto asked.  "You called
me by name on sight, though we have not met before."

        Jonny smiled.  "Ra, activate left viewscreen.  Call up report on
Pluto."  The left wall flickered and became a viewscreen.  Images of
Pluto in various poses flew by, interspersed with sound clips and
clumps of text.

        Pluto raised her staff.  "Impressive.  Your father collected all
this?"

        "He did most of the work.  You've been even less obtrusive
since the Millennial Riots than you were before them."

         "It is a pity that I must destroy all this hard work, but..."

         Hikaru said, "NO."

        Pluto frowned.  "I cannot allow anyone to..."

        "To what?  Look at pictures of you?"

        Jonny sighed.  "Go ahead.  Delete it if it really annoys you."

         Pluto did so.

         Hikaru spoke into Jonny's mind.  You can't let her push you
around like that!  She does that to everyone.

        Jonny smiled.  The willow bends in the wind, my love.

         Hikaru sighed.  "We're ready to go then?"

        "Unless you want me to pack you a lunch."

         Hikaru laughed and stepped over by Pluto.  "Let's go.  The
sooner I'm done and away from you, the better."

         "Indeed."  Pluto and Hikaru vanished in a spray of light.

         Jonny waited five minutes, then said, "Ra, restore deleted
sectors from backups."

          "As you command.  Sim sim salabim!"  There was a flash of
light on the viewscreen and the report on Pluto reappeared.

         "You know Hadji is going to try to delete you if you do that
when he's around again."

         Ra laughed.  "That's what makes it fun."

*********************

        Leon, Daley, and the other detectives crowded around the
Chief's desk.  "So why haven't we done anything?  The boomers are
rampaging unchecked and the city has dissolved into total anarchy!"
Leon said.

        "Someone tried to provoke us into overreacting.  They should
have done a better job covering their tracks.  I won't let the ADPolice
be manipulated by a faked boomer attack.  They underestimated us,
whoever they are."  He sighed.  "Plus, this riot is too big for us to
handle alone.  The military is being called in."

         "What about GENOM?  Have they issued any kind of
statement at all about the Boomer rampages?"

         "They've been silent.  I think that they're going to take a big
fall from this, but..."

         "But what?"

         "I can't talk about it."  We may all get nuked anyway and it
won't matter, he thought.  The chief looked at his detectives and
wished he could be honest with them.

         Detective Daiko asked, "What about this rumor I've heard
about Ingrams in the streets?  And about Shinohara Industries being
blown up?  Was this another corporate war that got out of hand?"

       Taiki rushed up from the computer department.  "Sir, we're
figured out where those unidentified broadcasts were coming from."

        "Unidentified broadcasts?"  Leon asked.

        The chief sighed.  "Taiki, when I tell you something is secret,
that means you DON'T make a public announcement."

         Taiki wasn't listening.  "They're coded, but on the same
frequencies commonly used by boomers for radio contact.  They're
originating from Genom Tower.  I think they've activated the
OverMind System, if it really exists."

         "Or someone's activated it for them."  Leon said.

         Nene listened quietly to this from her desk through the bug
she'd planted on the chief's desk.  We're in big trouble, she thought.

         The explosions from the lower levels of the ADPolice HQ
broke up the meeting unexpectedly.

********************

      Kate Madigan listened to the explosions wracking GENOM
Tower and watched the riot unfolding in the streets.  It was horrifying
and fascinating at the same time.  We never should have built the
Overmind System, she thought.  Either Quincy has snapped, or he
was working for the aliens all along.  If they really exist.  Maybe this
is all the result of a man in power going mad.  I've hitched my wagon
to the wrong star.  I should flee, but I'm afraid to leave the Tower.  I
wish I knew how to shut down the Overmind System, short of
destroying the Tower's power supply.  This has to stop.

       "You can't stop this, Katherine Madigan.  It's beyond your
power."  The voice was not one that Kate could recognize.  She
turned and looked at the voice.  It came from a short woman with
short, close-cropped blonde hair.  She wore a sailor fuku with a dark
green skirt and black trim.  In her hands, she held a staff tipped with
an amethyst, and around her neck, she wore a purple pendant.

       "Who the hell are you and what are you doing here?"

        The woman held out her hand.  "My name is none of your
concern.  Take my hand if you wish to live."

        "You're going to kill me if I don't come with you?"

        The woman laughed.  "Take a look at the city.  Do you think
you can survive this without help?"

        Kate Madigan stepped closer, then hesitated.  "How do I know I
can trust you?"

       "You can't know, or it wouldn't be trust.  I can offer you no
assurance that I will not hurl you into a volcano.  You have one
minute.  Take my hand, or be left to your fate."  Her voice was calm
as if she was discussing Monet's merits as an artist.

        Kate Madigan did something out of character for her.  She took
the woman's hand.  They vanished.  Two minutes later, a missile
fired through the window and vaporized the contents of the room,
not that anyone was left behind to notice.

**********************

        And Linna danced...


      >WE DEFY YOU IN MANY WAYS.  SOME TRIUMPH OVER
YOU THROUGH THEIR FAMILIES.<

       The end was coming.  Dr. Stingray had gone beyond the point
of cursing his own stupidity long ago.  The only real question was
how soon he would die and who would pull the trigger.  He punched
in the last words and saved the file.  His legacy was complete.  A
quick phone call later, the arrangements were complete.  A few quick
keystrokes set the lab cameras to record their contents to a remotely
placed disk, which would be sent to his children if he died as he
expected.  They could kill him now, but his children would have 
his legacy.  Maybe they can avenge me, he thought.  At the least, with
this knowlege, once they grow up, they'll be set for life with the
inventions I've placed in these files.

         Assuming no one else invents them first, the more pragmatic
part of his mind reminded him.  Not unless they find alien artifacts
as well, he reminded that part of his mind.  So many things I would
never have thought possible.  Did Mother know about her heritage?
I wish I dared to tell them, but it's best that this part of our family
heritage be forgotten.

          There was a knock at the door.  Destiny was calling.     

********************

       Ryo and Manami flew through the streets of Mega-Tokyo,
carrying Celia and Macky, who hadn't learned enough of their
powers to even think about trying to fly yet.  Celia was incredibly
tense, though she didn't show it.  This would be her first real battle
without her hardsuit.  The thought made her flashback for a moment
to her experience earlier in the day.  Attacked by my own armor, she
thought.  I hope great-grandfather is okay.  If not, I will avenge you, I
swear.

        Macky was twice as tense.  He knew he hardly knew what he
was doing.  His job was mainly to use the Juraian ECM equipment
Sasami had given him to scramble boomer communications and
sensors.  He'd fight if he had to, but he prayed he wouldn't have to.

        They soon located their first target.  Two labors were fighting
dozens of crazed boomers and several combat boomers.  There
were flaming vehicles everywhere and people on the ground firing at
boomers from the cover the wreckage provided.  Ryo quickly
assessed the situation.  "Manami, drop Macky on that roof over
there.  Celia, go after the non-combat boomers.  Manami, you take
the combat boomers on the left, I'll take the ones on the right."

        Manami nodded.  She swiftly dropped off Macky, then dived
down, firing blasts at the combat boomers, who rapidly exploded.

        Ryo's opponents were a little faster, and his first two shots
missed.  He soon had to flee down the street, dodging railgun fire.

        Celia began cutting a swath through the berserk and not very
bright labor boomers.  The two labor operators, Ohta and Umi,
paused for a moment in surprise, then returned to the fight.
Umi helped Celia, while Ohta fired at the boomers chasing Ryo.
One went down, then they went round a corner, out of sight.  Ohta
said into his radio, "These people are on our side, right?"

         Clancy said, "I have no idea who the hell they are, but they
saved our miserable asses."

         Manami flew after the boomers chasing her brother.  Celia
looked around, trying to figure out who was in charge.  Madoka
stepped out from behind one of the carriers.  "You're Celia Stingray,
right?"  Madoka was bleeding a little on one arm, and was covered
with soot and grime.

        "You have the advantage of me.  Yes, I am."

        "Kasuga Madoka.  Nice to meet you.  You probably know me
better by my stage name, Ayukawa Madoka."  She walked over and
shook Celia's hand.  "We needed help.  We probably would have
finished them off, but we would have lost more people."  She
shuddered and visibly fought to control herself.  "My husband is
unconscious, one of my children is dead, and more nieces and
nephews than I care to count are unconscious or dead.  Yamazaki-
san is probably going to lose his arm, his wife is going to be lucky if
she lives, and only three of our labors are functional.  Unfortunately,
only two of our labor pilots are still conscious.  Youta stupidly
knocked himself out using too much Power."

         Three explosions were followed by Ryo and Manami's return.
They flew over and landed nearby.  "How can we help?"

        "Any of you know anything about piloting a labor?"

        Macky shouted from the rooftop.  "I learn fast!"

        "If you can make it move, you can have it."  She turned to Ryo.
"Can either of you wiggle your fingers and get some of our people to
a hospital?  I can start moving people if I have to, but none of us
have enough Power left to move everyone."

         "Take me to them,"  Ryo said.  "Manami, get Macky off the
roof."

         Celia frowned.  "Doesn't it take time to acclimate a labor to its
user?"

        "Well, if he can't drive it, we'll have to abandon it here.  I'll
do that if I have to, but it's worth trying at least."  Madoka's
understanding of labors was heavily warped by watching too many
giant-robot shows as a child anyway.  "We need all the firepower we
can get."

          Soon, they got to work rallying the forces and getting the
injured to a hospital.

******************

        Noa cursed as she ran through the streets with Alphonse.  It
was an exhilarating run, and if the city hadn't been tearing itself
apart around her, it probably would have been the most exciting
moment of her life.  She wished again that the aliens had been able
to move something as big as her labor so she wouldn't have to walk
all the way there.  Now they were all in danger, and there was
nothing she could do.  A voice crackled over her radio.  It was
Clancy.  "Noa, do you read me?"

         "I read you."

        "More of our...friends arrived and saved our ass.  Meet us at
115th and Fujiwara."

        "Isn't that by the Fusion Reactor?"

        She couldn't see Clancy nod.  "Yes.  There's a force heading
that way."

         "I'm going to have to go through the heart of the riot to get
there unless I want to take a million years."

         "Just do your best.  We'll try to send someone to pick you up
with a..."  Clancy paused.  "If I'd known people from outer space
were going to be involved in this, I think I'd have stayed in New
York."

         "Up to Ingraman to save the day, I guess."

         Clancy didn't understand, so Noa had to explain.  This took a
while, but she had a long way to run.

*******************

      General Haroun smiled.  The report was true.  It was finally time
to crush his most hated enemies.  He turned to his aide.  "Send the
strike force.  The USSD's satellite shield is down.  Now, they will be
punished for their sins."

       The orders went out.  It was time for vengeance.

********************

       And Linna danced...

      >SOME DEFY YOU BY CREATING SOMETHING WORTHY
OF REMEMBRANCE FOREVER.  THOUGH THE NATIONS
THEY CREATE MAY CRUMBLE, THE MEMORY LIVES ON TO
INSPIRE OTHERS.  EVEN IF IT IS FORGOTTEN, THE DANCE OF
LIFE GOES ON.  NEW NATIONS, NEW INSTITUTIONS, NEW
IDEAS WILL BE BIRTHED TO TAKE ITS PLACE.<

      A man lay dying by the shore.  A spear had been thrust through
his intestines.  The wound was mortal, but he was long hardened to
war, and his death would be slow.  His battered breastplate had not
been enough to save him from his only son.  Only a single warrior of
his sacred band had survived with him to tell the tale of this day of
woe.  The warrior sat by him.  "How can I help you, my king?"

         The man moaned.  "Take my sword, and return it to the waters
from which I recieved it."  He pointed to the lake.  "Hurl it as far as
you can."

         The warrior took the sword and walked into the mists by the
lake.  He gazed upon the sword.  It was the most finely crafted
weapon he had ever seen.  In style, it was like that of the mighty
empire that had once ruled his isle, but the hilt was covered with
gold and set with jewels, and the blade had a blue sheen to it.
Rumors said it was forged by the faeries, and he knew that it
seemed unbreakable.  Never before had his king been defeated
while wielding it, but even the greatest of swords cannot defy Fate.

          He could not bear to hurl such a weapon.  I must pass it on to
his heir.  Constantin will have need of it.  If only he and his men
could have arrived in time, the warrior thought, and sighed.  He hid
the weapon under a rock.  I will return for it once my lord passes
away.

          He returned and sat down.  "I have done as you have said."

          "What happened?"

          "It sank into the lake."

          His lord sighed and turned his head away.  "I expected better
of you than to disobey my dying request."

          The warrior started.  How had he known?  "I...I thought it
should be saved for Constantin to wield."

        The king sighed.  "It is not mine to dispose of as I wish.  It
must return to those who gave it to me.  This era is finished, and all
that passed within it must pass with the age."

        He nodded.  "All we have done will crumble."

        "Only if we forget.  Do not let them forget.  You will live where
I have died.  Insure that my story will live on, Bedwyr.  Now go, take
the sword and hurl it into the lake.  Before it is too late."

         Bedwyr rose and walked into the mists.  He took up the sword
and walked to the edge of the water.  He hurled it high into the air
and it arced through the mists.  Bedwyr could hardly see through the
fog, but something lept out of the water and caught the sword.  A
hand, too far out for him to see the body that he assumed was
attached to it, caught the sword and brandished it three times, then
sank into the water.  His eyes widened.  This must be the mystic
lake of the ladies of the lake...I thought that was near Bath, though,
not near Londinium.

         He shook his head, and walked back to the king.  "It is done.  I
saw a hand take the sword and brandish it thrice."

         The king smiled and let out a deep breath.  "They shall come
for me.  Stay and see what is to come.  Then go to Londinium and
meet with Constantin.  He will be the new king.  He will have need of
you."  The king paused.  "Gwenhwyfar will as well."

          "My lord..."  Bedwyr began, uncertain what to say.

          "And if you see Merlin, tell him I do not regret disobeying him.
Nothing lasts forever.  I bought us a few decades of peace.  That
was more than I ever dreamed of achieving.  Go and seek your
happiness, Bedwyr, and make sure they remember us and the
dream we shared.  Perhaps our story can inspire others to dream as
well.  Then our Round Table will not have died in vain."

         "I will."

          A boat drifted from the mists to the shore, and Arturus Pen
Draconis, Dux Brittanicum, Comes Saxonorium, King of Logres, the
High King of Britain, passed out of History and into Legend, where
he resides still, waiting until History needs him once again.

*********************

         "ROYAL EARTH ASSERTION!"  Uranus shouted, making a
slashing motion with the Space Sword.  Waves of yellow energy
erupted through the air and floor, slicing through three BZ-89
boomers, turning them into severed halves.  Nearby, Neptune
leveled two more boomers with a wave of water.

          Inch by inch, they were virtually levelling the interior of
GENOM Tower as they fought their way up through the tower
towards their targets.  Meylia blew a hole in the roof of the room they
were in and they all jumped and flew up to the next floor.  The
building was crawling with boomers.  Worse, some places seemed
to heal damage, almost as if the building was alive.

         When part of the wall formed itself into a boomer and opened
fire, they began to understand why.  A well placed shot from Sylvie
blew its head off, but then the remains began to fuse with more of
the floor into another one.  More began to form.  "We're in trouble."

        Sailor Moon frowned.  "We'll never make it in time at this rate!"

        "Too bad we can't just take the elevator,"  Priss said.

        "That's a great idea!"  Uranus said.  "We can use the elevator
shaft.  Those of us who fly can fly up it ahead of us and vaporize the
elevators so they can't be dropped on us."

         "Or the walls might close in and crush us,"  Neptune pointed
out.

         Anri said, "There must be a lot of fusion boomers merged with
the building.  If these things think to grab us..."  She shuddered.

         "Let's try another teleport,"  Priss said.  "It might not be too
accurate, but this is gonna take forever, and while I don't mind
fighting boomers..."

          They joined hands with the crystal and vanished in a spray of
white light and the shouted command, "SAILOR TELEPORT."  Priss
felt really silly.

          The band appeared in a monitor room.  The monitors showed
a series of prison blocks full of captured sailors and their menfolk.  A
tall man with curly blond hair, tanned skin, and slightly pointed ears
sat in a nice chair on wheels.  "I suppose you've come for your
friends."  He reminded Priss of Mihoshi a little, in his appearance.  
        "Damn straight!"  Uranus shouted.  "Hand them over or die."

        The man casually pushed a button.  Black spheres engulfed the
rooms, and the captives vanished.  The cells were empty.  "If you
want them, you'll have to come with me.  Otherwise, my master may
become impatient and eat them.  Or worse."

        Priss snarled.  "SHIVA."

        "You are not as stupid as you look, Jurai."  He turned to Meylia.
"I remember what you did to one of my favorite bodies.  Soon,
perhaps we shall see how well you can handle that."

        "So what do you expect of us?"  Meylia frowned.  We're
walking into a trap.

        A black doorway appeared in the air above the man.  "I expect
you to follow me.  The master wishes to negotiate with you."  He
leaped up through the hole.  "Follow me if you dare."

        Priss leaped after him.  Uranus and Neptune followed, and so
did the others.  The portal closed behind them.  Sometimes, history
does repeat itself.

******************

      ADPolice HQ had become a major combat zone.  Twelve
military combat boomers were rampaging through the building with
heavy weapons.  Luckily, the ADPolice had already been on full alert
or they would probably have all died in the first few minutes.  As it
was, ADPolice HQ was a flaming wreck, and the survivors seemed
likely to join the dead.  Half the personnel had been wiped out.  A
third of the ADPolice 'field troops' were pinned down at various
locations around the city anyway, and were of no use.  Most of the
rest had died in the first two minutes.  The remainder were fighting a
desperate holding action.  These survivors were the heavy weapons
squads, which had already been suited up in battle suits or toting
weapons capable of dealing with military boomers.

        Upstairs, the Chief cursed loudly, and began directing the
evacuation of the building.  He sent the clerical staff with the most
important records to leave on the first flight.  The detectives armed
themselves and moved out to support the remaining heavy weapons
squads.  The communications department was kept at its post to
coordinate the resistance as best they could.  Nene quietly slipped
off and transformed after sending a 'HELP!' message to Kiyone and
Mihoshi.

        Leon, Daley, Thompson, and Yamato joined a squad defending
one of the stairwells.  "Just like the old days, eh, Daley?"  Leon said,
firing away with heavy weapons.

        One of the squadmembers laughed as he blazed away at a 14-
BU-6 that was trying to get up the staircase.  "At least they won't be
able to complain we hurt any civilians this time."

        "I think you underestimate the ingenuity of the press,"  Daley
replied.  He popped up and fired a rocket at the boomer, which
exploded.  The lower level of the staircase began to collapse.  "I
guess we're going to have to run the ADPolice out of a shoebox
after this, though."

*********************

        Sasami watched the Earth silently.  I should have anticipated
this, she thought.  There are reasons why I don't go crusading
around the universe full tilt, and I forgot them.  Now I'm stuck here,
because only I can stop this.

         I should be down there.  Walyn is after me, not them.  For
millenia, I've been trying to find him.  I finally have a chance to
strike at him, but I can't.  They don't have a chance against SHIVA.
Not unless they can find Priss and the crystal.  Or unless...

        She sighed.  I can't count on that.  Even if she is alive, she
may not have the strength to stop him.  If only I had met her
earlier...She shoved the thought away.  She had lived too long for
recriminations and foolish wishes to change what could not be
altered.

       I cannot sense her.  Wherever she is, it is beyond my ken.
Which could be good or bad.  It still didn't answer her question.

       A bell rang in her mind.  Her ship body had detected the
beginnings of nuclear launches.  Many of them.  Too many for even
her to stop them all.  Too many other people could detect the
launches and were panicking and striking now while they still could.

        Then she detected another pulse of power in space and
something else entirely to worry about.

********************

    And Linna danced...

       >YOU SAY THAT KNOWLEDGE BREEDS DESPAIR.  I SAY TO
YOU THAT IT IS NOT KNOWLEDGE, BUT WHAT WE DO WITH IT
THAT CAN MAKE IT THE DEATH OF HOPE OR THE FOUNTAIN
OF NEW LIFE.<

     The doctor rose from his sleep.  His nerves were on edge.  His
theory had to be right, or he had condemned a young boy  to death.
The principle was sound...but would the application be?  Perhaps it
had been some other factor which had made the young girl immune
to the pox.  Those who knew of his experiment thought he was
insane to take the risk, but he could not fob off the duty onto
someone else.  While it would not save those who already suffered,
he could prevent anyone else from suffering the disfigurement and
death that smallpox had wrought across the world.

       He dressed and ate breakfast and crossed town.  The young
boy, James Phipps, who probably didn't even fully understand what
was going on, was waiting for him.  It had been two weeks since he
had infected the boy, eight weeks since the 'vaccination' as Dr.
Jenner termed it.  Phipp's mother and sister hovered nearby.  "He
seems to be okay, doctor,"  the mother said hesitantly.

         "How are you feeling, James?"

        "I feel fine, sir."

         Every day it was the same.  Two weeks turned into four, then
six.  By then, he was sure that the boy would be fine.  He had found
the weapon he had been looking for.  He had turned disease against
itself to defeat disease.  He dreamed of the day when his method
would spread round the world and rid it forever of the scourge of
smallpox.  Sometimes dreams do come true.

********************

       Windows are beautiful things, for they keep you from feeling
like you're locked in a box when you're inside a building.  They
connect you to the larger world.  Unfortunately, they aren't much
good at stopping flying combat boomers.  Two huge chain-gun
weilding boomers burst through the windows of the ADPolice
communications room and prepared to clean house.

        Lt. Yamano cursed and yelled, "Take cover, then open fire."

        The boomers paused, confused by the failure of everyone to
run in fear, as a bunch of lightly armored people hid behind desks
and tried to open fire on the boomers.  If the boomers hadn't been
armored to deal with fighting tanks and chain guns, the remarkably
accurate fire would probably have disabled them.  As it was, it was
chiefly amusing.

        They raised their guns, savoring the moment as they prepared
to wipe the floor with helpless humans.  Oddly, a wave of TV static
seemed to have filled the room.  Optical sensor failure.  Infrared was
also down.  They simply fired wildly.  Bullets sprayed wildly as they
discovered their balance sensors were malfunctioning.  Many
cabinets and windows died that day.

         The communications department watched in surprise as an
armored figure suddenly flew across the room and landed on the
back of one of the boomers.  Wires fired from her knuckles, piercing
the boomer's 'flesh'.  It turned and blew its compatriot to kingdom
come with its mouth laser.  The Knight Sabres, well, one Knight
Sabre, had pulled the ADPolice's fat out of the fryer one last time.

******************

        Ohta, Macky, and Umi waited near the reactor in their
three labors while a dozen Kasuga scouts, Ryo, and Manami
patrolled around, waiting for the incoming boomers.  It wasn't a very
long wait.  Two military Spider Mechs led an assault squad of
twenty combat boomers.  Ohta swore.  "Okay, our job is to take care
of the military mechs.  I hope our friends can handle the rest."

         The battle was joined.

********************

        Leon, Daley, and a few other officers moved across the
ADPolice HQ to reinforce another group of officers defending a
stairwell.  They reached the other group and took up combat
positions.  "How's it going?"  Leon asked.

        "We're not dead yet."

        Tense moments passed as they waited for the boomer reported
to be coming up the stairs.  A bell rang nearby.  Leon cocked his
head.  "Someone's using the elevator?"

         Daley swore.  "The elevators are shut off.  EVERYONE RUN!"

         They scattered as the nearby elevator bank opened and
another boomer stepped it.  It blew away the barracade they had
been hiding behind and turned, toasting one group of officers that
chose the wrong way to run.  Leon stupidly paused and took a shot
at it.  He almost managed to nail it at the base of the neck, but it
moved and he just damaged its shoulder slightly.  It turned around
and prepared to fire.

         The elevator bell rang again.  Everyone instinctively turned to
look.  The other elevator opened up and two well armed Galaxy
Police officers stepped out.  One said to the other, "I told you we
didn't want the fifteenth floor!"

         The other one leveled an odd looking rifle at the boomer.
"Halt!  You're under arrest!  You are in violation of Galactic code
#456-78y, violating the peace of a restricted planet.  You are in
violation of..."

          Leon recognized them as Kiyone and Mihoshi.  "I don't think
it's gonna come quietly, Mihoshi!"  He leveled his gun, aiming for the
back of the neck, hoping it would wait long enough for him to try to
take it down.

          The boomer paused, trying to analyze the strange energy
emissions from these two.  It requested data from its controller, who
was rather preoccupied with ranting maniacally and controlling too
many boomers, which slowed his response.

          Kiyone raised her gun to fire.  Mihoshi, hearing Leon, said,
"Leon!  Hey, are you okay?"

        Leon said, "I'm fine, but you'd better not just STAND THERE!'

        Mihoshi nodded, jumped forward and handcuffed the boomer's
hands together.  It blinked, then Leon shot it in the back of the neck
and Kiyone shot it in the front.  Its head flew off and it died.  Mihoshi
said, "Hey, I had it under control!

         Kiyone said, "Fancy meeting you here, Leon."

         Leon said, "Nice to see you too.  Do you know..."

         He never finished his sentence, as the boomer they had
originally been waiting for finally emerged from the staircase.

*******************

        The city burned and anarchy spread.  High above the city, two
women appeared.  One held a staff, the other carried a long metal
cylinder.  She hurled it upwards, then the two of them vanished.  An
instant later, the cylinder exploded, sending waves of energy across
the city.  Millions of electronic devices died screaming in an instant.
Thousands of boomers' brains and nervous systems fried and they
collapsed, unable to act.  Over half the combat boomers died
instantaneously, their shielding inadequate to the task.  Most of the
rest went stark raving mad as their brains only half fried.
Unfortunately, it was the toughest of the combat boomers who
survived, for they had the best shielding.  Likewise, the Overmind
System survived, for it was very heavily insulated.  However, without
minions to command, it wasn't much use.  In addition, its owner was
about to have another entirely different problem.

       For hours, fusion boomers had been doing interesting things to
GENOM Tower.  Their work was complete.  It now resembled a
several thousand foot tall giant Wasyuu, complete with red spikey
hair.  Those who noticed stared in awe.  Most people were too busy
to notice.  Then, the air suddenly warped around the giant robot,
now the largest boomer in the history of the world.  Space folded
and it stepped into subspace, leaving behind an empty concrete
circle.

        It moved through subspace, following its maker's beacon.  Her
final trump card was in motion.  Much of its interior remained
unchanged, and unbeknownst to it, it carried several passengers.

*********************

       The mists swirled around the Sailors and their allies.  They
pursued Z through the mists.  Suddenly, the mists parted.  They
stood on the edge of a huge square black stone, floating in the
mists.  In the middle of the platform was a huge spider web,
anchored to nothing.  The captive Sailors and their allies were
swathed in cocoons of webs, secured to various parts of the web.  A
huge spider the size of a small house sat in the middle of the vast
web, staring at the Sailors with inhuman multi-faceted eyes.

       Z stood at the base of the web and smiled.  "Thirty years of
hiding wherever you've been hiding clearly hasn't made you any
smarter.  Hand over the crystal or your friends will die, Sailor Moon."

        Priss snarled.  "You bastard!  You're afraid to face us in a fair
fight!"

        Z quirked his lips.  "Me against all of you would hardly have
been a fair fight.  I'm not a violent maniac, much as some people
think I am.  I know when to fight and when to run.  If any of you try
anything, my master will devour your friends."

        Meylia frowned.  "And he'll eat them anyway if we do hand over
the crystal.  I wouldn't make a deal with you or your master if you
could bring my husband back from the dead."

         "We could, with the crystal, but that is neither here nor there."
He turned to Sailor Moon and held out his hand.  "Give me the
crystal."

         Sailor Moon hesitated, looking at her friends with tears in her
eyes.  She turned and looked at those with her slowly.

          Anri whispered, "He works for a giant spider?"

          Uranus and Neptune laughed faintly.  Uranus whispered, "We
can take that stupid thing.  We can't give them the crystal.  They'll
just kill the hostages anyway."

          Priss nodded.  "It's one moron and a giant spider.  We can
take it down."

          Anri said, "It's too risky."

           Sylvie frowned, not sure what to argue.

          Tuxedo Kamen put a hand on Sailor Moon's shoulder.  "Do
what your heart tells you, Sailor Moon."

         Sailor Moon stood and tried to listen to her heart.

********************

        A ferocious battle raging around the Mega-Tokyo Fusion
Reactor ended in an instant.  There was an explosion over
downtown.  Seconds later, the boomers, the military mechs, and the
three labors went dead.  Ohta swore.  "AAAA!!!!  This is not a good
time for a bleeding breakdown!"

         Macky said, "Oh shit.  An EMP pulse."

         Clancy, watching from nearby, gave a great sigh of relief.
"It'll hurt them more than it will hurt us."

         The surviving Kasugas and Madoka sat down.  "I guess
someone on our side had a few tricks up his or her sleeve."

       Clancy nodded.  "The chief probably had something to do with
it."

        Macky shouted down, "Not unless he owns his own nukes or
has a few mad scientists on staff.  Probably not a nuke though"

        "Why question good luck?"  Ohta asked.

        "Depends on how well the reactor controls were shielded from
that blast.  If the controls were fried or worse, malfunction in some
manner..."

        They all felt a lot less comfortable.

*********************

      And Linna danced...

      >YOU ARE RIGHT IN ONE THING, SHIVA, THAT THERE IS
NO WISDOM THAT WILL PRESERVE US FROM PAIN,
SUFFERING, AND DESTRUCTION.  BUT I SAY TO YOU THAT
PAIN, SUFFERING, AND DESTRUCTION ARE NOT THE SUM OF
ALL THINGS.  LIFE IS THE FORGE OF SOULS.  WE OFTEN
ENJOY OUR LIVES NO MORE THAN A SWORD ENJOYS BEING
FORGED, BUT IT IS THE FIRES WHICH MAKE US STRONG.
PAIN MAKES US ENJOY PLEASURE, SUFFERING MAKES US
APPRECIATE PEACE, DESTRUCTION MAKES ROOM  FOR NEW 
CREATION.  YOU ARE NOT THE SUM OF ALL THINGS, BUT ONLY
A PART.  YOU EXIST TO CLEAR THE GROUND FOR NEW GROWTH, 
FOR ALL THINGS MUST GROW IF THEY WISH TO LIVE.<

         The sun was shining brightly, but unusually, Hikaru was not.
She sat quietly at her desk, staring out the window at three small
children playing in the yard across the street.  Two girls and a boy
were trying to play frisbee, but the boy kept getting bonked in the
head.  The two girls would both rush over and try to help him up,
then one of them would hug him and he would get embarrassed.  It
was far too symbolic for her, but she couldn't stop watching either.

         "Hikaru."  It was a girl's voice.  She didn't even hear it.

          The boy threw the frisbee to the girl who kept hugging him.  It
flew over her head and she ran off down the street after it.  The
shorter, blue haired girl whispered something to him, and they both
laughed, then ran after the first girl.  Hikaru sat and watched them,
her mind carefully blank.  Then she heard them.  Or to be more
precise, she heard their thoughts.  'What am I going to do about
her?', the boy thought.  'I really like Rei-chan, but I can't try
anything because it would hurt Asuka-chan.'   'I'm NOT jealous because
Asuka-chan and Shin-chan are together,' the shorter, blue haired girl
thought.  'Not at all.'  'I'm so glad Rei-chan and my boyfriend get
along,' the taller, red haired girl thought.  They were all around eight,
or so Hikaru guessed.

         "Hikaru?"  The voice spoke again.  It couldn't make it past the
noises in Hikaru's head.  Some part of her mind caught a thought,
'What's wrong with her?' but she ignored it.  The children had her
attention.  She wanted to scream at them.  She wanted to tell Shin-
chan to just come out and let Asuka know how he really felt, that
they'd all just get hurt if he dragged things out.  Asuka tripped on a
rake and began to cry.  Rei and Shin ran over to her and helped her
up.  Rei hugged her and dried her eyes.  They were too far away for
Hikaru to hear them speak, but she could hear the thoughts that
preceded the sounds.  'You'll be okay, Asuka-chan.  Shin-chan and I
are here.'

           A hand touched her shoulder.  "C'mon, Hikaru, don't ignore
me.  What's wrong?"  Some tiny part of her mind identified Madoka's
voice, but the rest of her mind ignored it.  Asuka's hand was
bleeding.  Shin took out a handkerchief and bound Asuka's hand.
'We'd better take you home to get a band-aid.'  He really did care
about her, just not as much as he liked Rei-chan.

        Hikaru began to cry.  She felt arms close around her.  "Hikaru-
chan, why are you crying?  Say something to me."

        Hikaru wrenched herself away, trying to stop torturing herself.
She buried her face in Madoka's chest.  She sobbed for a long time,
while Madoka made soothing noises.  She could hear Madoka's
thoughts.  She tried to shut it off, but she was too distraught.  Yet, it
was a blessing in disguise.  Listening to Madoka's thoughts was a
reminder of how much Madoka cared about her.  All Madoka was
worried about right now was her.  Memories drifted to the surface of
Madoka's mind about other times she had comforted Hikaru when
things went wrong.

        "Hikaru-chan, what's going on?"  Madoka asked for the tenth or
so time.  "You haven't come to school for a week.  Your mother says
you wouldn't even talk to Kasuga-kun when he came to see you.
We're worried about you.  Can't you tell me about it?"

         "I'm not...I'm not the person you think I am, Madoka-chan,"
Hikaru managed to say, then cried some more.

         "I don't understand, Hikaru-chan.  Did something happen
with...I mean, umm..."  Madoka had a moment of panic.  Had
Kyosuke done something to Hikaru?  Had they...no, surely not.  He
wouldn't do something like that.

         Hikaru heard everything.  "No, Madoka-chan!  He didn't try to
do anything like that to me at all!"

        Madoka started.  "How did you know what I was, uh..."

        "I guess Darling didn't tell you anything,"  Hikaru said softly.

        "He said I should ask you, that it wasn't his place to tell me.
Only you could tell me."  Oh god, what if...no, surely I would have
heard if someone had ra...

         With a struggle, Hikaru managed to shut off her telepathy.  If I
don't learn to control these abilities, I'm going to pass out all the
time, she thought.  "It was worse than being raped.  I tried to kill
Darling and all his family."

        Madoka blinked.  For once, she was speechless.

        "This is going to be very hard for you to believe, but I can
prove some of it, and Darling can back me up on the rest."  She took
a deep breath, then used the Power to pull one of her stuffed animals
off the bed and across the room into her hands.  "I'm a psychic now,
because my powers were awakened by a being named Y who tried
to seduce me into killing off the Kasugas.  He almost succeeded."


***************

         It had taken hours for Hikaru to tell Madoka everything.  The
sun was setting when she finished.  "So I don't know what to do now.
I've been avoiding Darling because I know he doesn't really love me
and I don't know how to face him.  He loves you, Madoka-chan.  I've
seen his heart, and I only come in second, but I still love him with all
my heart.  I know you love him too."

         Madoka's mouth moved, but no words came out.

        "Don't lie to me.  I can hear your thoughts sometimes.  I'm
trying not to read your mind, but I'm not very good at controlling my
powers yet."  She sighed.  "It's ironic, really.  My love for him
enabled me to beat Y and take my body and my soul back, but at
the same time, I learned how Kyosuke really felt."  She would have
cried, but she was out of tears.  "You've got to let him know how you
feel.  You shouldn't have to suffer for my stupidity."

         "You are NOT stupid, Hikaru.  Not half as stupid as I am,"
Madoka said quietly.  "I should have...If only I had..."

         Hikaru sighed.  "If wishes were horses, beggars would ride.
You will take good care of Darling, won't you?"

         "Don't talk like you're going to die or never see us again!  I'm
not going to let this destroy our friendship.  I still want to be your
best friend, Hikaru-chan.  We've always been best friends.  Just tell
me how I can help you with this."

        "I...you really mean it?"

        Madoka smiled.  "Read my mind."  She tried to open her mind,
although she really had no idea how someone would do that.

        Hikaru reached out with the Power and found herself plunging
into it.  The world around her faded away in a swirl of light as she
plunged through Madoka's self.  Many different Madokas danced
around a glowing orb inside Madoka's mind.  There was a small
child, playing with a little brown haired boy and a blond-haired girl.
There was a beautifully clad musician playing a saxaphone on a
ledge, looking down on a forested valley below.  A third danced with
a slightly clumsy black-haired boy.  A fourth lay on a bed and cried
herself to sleep, alone in the house at night again.  A fifth swam in a
swimming pool with Hikaru.  They raced neck and neck towards an
unseen goal.  Another Madoka stood guard over the others, a
cigarette in her mouth, arms folded in front of her chest, glaring out
at the world with cold, silent eyes.  She saw Hikaru and smiled,
fading away and letting Hikaru float towards the others.  As Hikaru
approached, they all turned and smiled at her.  One by one, they
floated into each other, aspects of a whole that soon floated before
her, glowing from the light of the orb.  Hikaru stared at the orb and
saw her own face reflected in that.  "What's the orb, Madoka-chan?"

        "That's the light by which I guide my path.  I often walk in
darkness and shadow, but I know if I walk towards that light, I will
always find my way home."

         The orb shimmered and began to change shape.

        Madoka held out a hand to Hikaru.  "You're so bright and
cheerful, Hikaru, and I'm so moody and gloomy so often.  You're the
light that guides me home.  I love Kyosuke, and I know you love him
too.  I don't want to have to choose between you."  Her voice
dropped to a whisper.  "Because I need both of you.  You're my
oldest friend, Hikaru-chan."

        The orb finished changing and became an image of Hikaru as
an angel with wings.  Hikaru smiled and took Madoka's hand.  "And
you're my oldest and best friend, Madoka-chan.  I don't know how
we'll do this, but I know with your help, I can do anything."  They
joined hands and for a moment, they were one.  They knew each
other more intimately than they had ever known anyone, even
themselves.  Hikaru didn't know what she was doing, but in that
instant, she unlocked something inside Madoka, something that Y
had unlocked inside of her.

          Their eyes opened.  Hikaru smiled.  "I think we'd better call
Darling and tell him what we've decided."

         Madoka's lips quirked in a smile.  "Won't he be surprised.  I'll
just get the phone and..."  She surprised herself as the phone
suddenly flew across the room into her hands.  "Uh, thanks, Hikaru."

         Hikaru smiled.  "Don't thank me too soon."

************************

         Noa stared out at the city.  Everything electronic in the area
had gone dead.  Dysfunctional boomers were scattered everywhere.
Alphonse seemed to be going fine.  She checked her sense of her
husband.  He was fine, though somewhat panicky.  She tried
beaming him a comforting thought, but if he got it, it didn't do any
good.  She had to try, though.

         "What's going on, Alphonse?  Why are you still running when
everything seems to have gone kablooey?  I can't even pick up
anything on the radio."  She didn't seriously expect a response.

         A female voice said, "We detonated an EMP bomb, that's
what."

         For a moment, Hikaru thought Alphonse was talking and
nearly had a heart attack.  Then she realized it was Professor
Hiyama and one of the Sailor Warriors.  This wasn't much less of a
shock.  "Professor Hiyama?  What are you doing here?"

         "Remember the Millenial Riots?"

         "Yeah."

        "Wanna come help stop the bastard who caused it?"

       "He's still alive?"

        "For the moment,"  Pluto said.

        "Count me in."

        Pluto gestured with the Time Staff and Hikaru concentrated.
The trio vanished and reappeared inside the now warped room that
held the Overmind System.  It resembled some sort of demonic
electronic cathedral now, with a huge throne in which Quincy/X sat,
giving orders to minions who had mostly died now.

        X laughed.  "So, you have come to be swatted like flies, have
you?  Oooh, a labor.  I'm so scared."

        Noa felt her stomach curdle.  She could sense this thing, this
abomination nearby.  It was a presence she hadn't felt since the
Millenial Riots.  "My god...you were controlling all those labors."

         "Much as I'd like to brag, I haven't controlled more than one or
two labors at a time since the Millenial riots."

         "That's exactly what I was talking about!"

        "Any idiot can control a labor anyway.  It has no will of its own.
Let me show you."  X reached out to take control of the labor.  He
failed.  It was like trying to cling to a smooth glass surface with only
your sweat to help you.  The labor was an extension of her, not just
a machine.  He couldn't occupy it without abandoning this body, and
even then, he couldn't be guaranteed of success.  He recognized the
mind as well.  For a moment, a jab of terror ran though him.  It was
HER.  The only one who had ever thwarted his power.  Even the
Galaxy Police had to knock him out to stop his power from working.
He shunted Quincy's mind away from the body into the body they
had prepared for Quincy in case of emergency.  This may be the
end, he told it.  Good luck, Quincy told him.  If this is the end, you
will be perhaps the only person who I will truly miss.
It was the last thing X ever heard Quincy say to him.

        Noa tensed, then relaxed as nothing happened.  Hikaru
laughed.  "End of the line, X.  I'm going to do to you what I did to Y,
except I'm going to try to make it more painful."

        "You think I would sit here defenseless?"

        Pluto turned and faced three of the 'cathedral''s pillars.  "Dead
scream," she whispered and blasted the pillars to powder.  The three
fusion boomers collapsed and crumbled to dust.  "No, I don't believe
that at all."

       "You're under arrest, Quincy, or whatever your real name is.
Are you going to come quietly, or what?"

        Before he could answer, part of the floor erupted in an
explosion upwards.  Ryouko and Tenchi flew up through the hole.
Ryouko said, "I think we finally made it, Tenchi."

        Tenchi blinked.  "How'd all these people get here ahead of us?"
And how did that labor get up here without making more of a mess
than we did?

         X frowned.  "You know you can kill this body, but you can't
stop me.  I cannot die."

        "That's what Y thought before I destroyed him." She closed her
eyes and plunged into X's mind.  It was like plunging headfirst into a
sewer.

         To the others, it looked like a staredown.  "Now what?"  Noa
asked Pluto.

         "We wait."

         "Excuse me, but who are you and what's going on here?"
Ryouko asked Pluto.

         She didn't get a satisfactory answer.  Pluto had a streak going
and she didn't want to break it now.

************************

      Aeka swore and opened fire on as many of the missiles as she
could.  It wasn't going to be enough.  Too many nations had either
decided to strike first, or were panicking and unleashing their
arsenals to avoid being struck first.  They were too spread out and
her weapons didn't have enough range.

        On the other side of the Earth, Sasami was cursing the same
curses, ones both of them had heard their mothers using when they
didn't think the kids were listening.  To make matters worse, there
was that pulse of power she had picked up.

        In space, over the North pole, a single woman appeared,
floating in space without need of a spacesuit to sustain her life.  She
was dressed in the uniform of the Sailor Warriors, armed with a long
glaive.  She raised the glave and summoned her power.

        Sasami saw her and paled.  I can't possibly stop her and the
missiles.  If she is here to silence me...

         Sailor Saturn spoke, and all in orbit around the Earth heard her
voice through the void.  "The hour of the Apocalypse has not yet
come.  Mankind may yet Silence itself, but I say nay."  She raised
her glaive and white energy formed in a corruscating cone around it.
She raised her right hand and stygian darkness enveloped it.  She
brought her hand around and grasped the glaive.  A whirling storm
of light and darkness erupted forth in great grey ribbons, raining
down upon the earth.  It was one of the most spectacular displays of
power that Tsunami had ever seen.  The ribbons struck the flights of
missles, laying waste to them.  Dozens quietly ceased to exist.
Others were rendered inert and basically became large rocks for all
practical purposes.

         Even Saturn could not stop all the missles, but Aeka and
Sasami could handle the remainder.  Drained, Saturn quietly passed
out.  Sasami took a moment to pick her up.  Poor child, she thought.
I just hope that there will not be another launch of missiles, for I
know that even you could not manage that twice in so short a time.
She took Saturn to the waters of life within her ship.  I pray you will
recover and that your efforts will not have been in vain.

******************

      And Linna danced..

     >YOU CLAIM THAT INNOCENCE TOO LEADS TO
DESTRUCTION, BUT I SAY TO YOU THAT INNOCENCE IS THE
ROOT OF LIFE.  IT IS THE SOURCE OF HEALING AND OF
LOVE.  WE MUST BECOME AS CHILDREN TO ENTER THE
KINGDOM OF HEAVEN.<

     Sailor Moon stood, the silver moon crystal shining from the
brooch upon her chest. Her hair whipped about her in the wind as
the meteor upon which she, Tuxedo Kamen, her friends, and Fiore
stood plunged into the Earth's atmosphere.

       Sailor Venus shouted, "No!"

       Sailor Mars tried to stand up, "Don't use the Silver Moon
Crystal!"

      Sailor Jupiter was sprawled on the ground, but she could see it
too.  "If you use the crystal..."

       Sailor Mercury finished her sentence for her.  "You'll die!"

       All Tuxedo Kamen could do was to cough out, "No!"

       "Using the Silver Crystal is the only way to save us all.  Don't
worry.  I won't die.  Let's return to Earth together,"  Sailor Moon said,
turning to face them.

           She turned and the crystal glowed brighter.  Suddenly, its
glow was stifled as Fiore's hand closed upon the crystal.  He
wrenched it from her uniform, which fell apart into red ribbons
trailing in the wind.  His heart was shattered.  He would rather die,
than go on living alone.  And they would die with him.

       Sailor Moon gazed at him with tears in his eyes.  Gently she
placed her hands upon his wrists.  He expected her to shout
defiance, but instead she just looked sadly at him and said, "What
are you so scared of?  It's all right, Fiore.  You don't have to be
lonely anymore."

       He shouted out his fear and loneliness, for he had been
deceived so many times.  "No!  I won't let you trick me!"

        The light of the silver crystal flowed over him and he saw the
truth.  He saw Mamoru, a little boy, in the hospital, alone.  A young
girl with odangoed hair came to him.  She comforted him and told
him he didn't have to be lonely anymore.  She gave him a single
rose, the same rose he had later given Fiore when Fiore had to
leave.  The rose that had been the symbol of the love he had
believed existed between him and Mamoru, his only friend in all the
world.  The truth of what he had done finally struck him and it was
more than he could bear.   The love between this girl and his
Mamoru was true, and so was her compassion.  He let go of the
crystal and it burned away the flower that he had allowed to steal his
soul.  Now he understood what love truly was.

        When the time came, he gave his life to her, that she might
live after she gave her life in the use of the crystal that her friends
might live.  To give her his energy was a small price to pay for
regaining his soul.  He would never forget her.

********************

          One of the cocoons stirred.  The spider struck in an instant,
striking the cocoon with a leg.  It was Makoto.  She let out a great
cry and slumped again.

         Z smiled.  "Don't take too long.  The master grows impatient."

          Priss said, "So, does he pay you in flies or what?"

          "This is but one of his thousand forms, but one highly useful
to his purpose in this case.  I tire of bandying words.  Give me the
crystal now, or your friends will DIE, starting with that one who just
tried to get free."

         Sailor Moon mouthed a name.  "Mako-chan."  She stepped
forward, pulling the broach from her uniform, which dissolved into
ribbons around her.  "Take it.  Just let them go.  I can't bear to see
them hurt.  Please...just give me my friends."

          Priss cursed.  She heard Uranus whisper, "I knew she'd do
that."

          "If you knew, why didn't you stop her?"

           "No one can stop her when she does what she thinks is right."

          Z held the crystal aloft.  His eyes glittered in its light.
"The Silver Crystal of the Moon Kingdom.  The Philosopher's Stone.  The
Teardrop of Diana.  For over a hundred years, under a hundred
names, I have searched for you.  Now you are mine, and I shall
shake the heavens."  Black light glowed around his fist, flowed into
the Silver Crystal and smothered the light that shone within it.
Darkness erupted from it, an inky life smothering cloud.

            The ribbons around Usagi dissolved away and she stood
naked before him, clad only in her skin and her dignity.  "You have
the crystal.  You've won.  But I warn you...you won't use this if you
know what is good for you."

        "Good and Evil are defined by those who have power, and I
have all the power I could ever need."  He gathered his strength for
his first stroke.  A great black beam of energy connected him to his
master's avatar, giving his master access to the crystal as well.

        "Power is never adequate.  You never have enough power to
do all that you really want to do.  All I want is my friends.  Please,
set them free."

        "I will reunite you with them...by sending you to prepare a room
for them in the mansions of the dead."  He fired a black bolt of
energy at Usagi, who stood defenseless before it.  She never had
time to even think about dodging.

********************

        Aeka and Sasami were communicating by subspace radio.
"What WAS that?"  Aeka asked.

        "It was the power of Saturn."

        "The planet?"

         "The Senshi of Life and Death.  She saved the world, but at
great cost.  I do not know if she will live.  The Water of Life seems to
not be helping much, and I do not know why."

          Before Aeka could further reply, space folded around Tsunami
and yanked the entire ship into another place.  Space folded again
and pulled Sasami out of the ship.  She tried to resist, but the
amount of power being exerted was more than she could
comprehend, let alone resist.  It could mean only one thing.  SHIVA
had the Crystal.

        She appeared before Shiva's tribunal.  The judge smiled.  "All
three defendants are here now.  Excellent."

         Excellence is always a matter of perspective.

******************

       "She's going to do WHAT?"  Noa said.

       "Devour X's soul.  It's the only way to kill him without requiring
a fairly powerful magical artifact.  Actually, technically speaking,
she's going to overwhelm his sense of self and cause him to lose the mind
and identity which are what keeps his spiritual body together."

        Noa shuddered.  Tenchi listened quietly, while Ryouko tried to
figure out what the hell Pluto was talking about.  It looked like a
staredown to her.

        Noa said, "That's horrible!  No one deserves to be obliterated
like that."

        "His 'brother', if you will, nearly made her kill her love and his
entire family.  He exploited her heart to turn her into a weapon for
his revenge.  She had to destroy him or be destroyed.  She feels
that it's her duty to make sure no more of these beings survive to do
to others what they have done to her.  His soul is stained with evil on
a scale you cannot even begin to comprehend.  He is fully worthy of
death.  He arranged the Kanto Quake and killed millions for his own
gain.  Can you blame her?"

         "I say, kill the bastard!"  Ryouko said.  "Sounds like he
deserves it."

       "Killing him won't bring back the dead.  I'm a cop.  I've killed
before.  I may kill again if I have to, but I know that killing someone
never undoes what they did.  Professor Hiyama, are you after him to
stop him from causing more deaths or are you just in this for
revenge?"

        Hikaru heard her.  She had X on the ropes.  He was fleeing
inside his mind.  He couldn't escape her.  He was drawing on the
power all around him, but so was she, and she was more strongly
motivated than him.  She hesitated.  Revenge.  The concept was so
sweet.  To do to him what his brother had done to her.  She
shuddered.  I'm not like that.  Revenge isn't supposed to be part of
me.  X turned at bay and faced her.  She stared at him.  You can't
help it, can you, she thought.  It's your nature to be so vile.  I, on the
other hand, have a choice.  She wove a mental web and bound him
in place.  "You won't be able to leave this body as long as I keep you
bond, and I don't intend to untie you."

        "No, don't trap me in this aging shell!"

         She smiled.  "I'm trapped in my aging shell as well.  I guess
that makes us even."  She turned to the others.  "It's over."

          IT'S NEVER OVER.

         The voice boomed through the chamber.  The mental web that
Hikaru had woven was snapped by an outside force.

         IT'S NEVER OVER UNTIL I END IT.  X, YOUR BUILDING
HAS BEEN TURNED INTO A WEAPON BY WASYUU.  TAKE IT.

        X flowed out of the body and into the Tower, now a giant
mecha-Wasyuu.  He mastered it in an instant with the power that his
master fed into him.

        Pluto said quietly, "Now the battle really begins."

**************

     Usagi vanished in a blast of black energy.  Tuxedo Kamen stood
in shock, unable to move.  The others responded by attacking
instinctively.  Priss charged, sword in hand, driven by yet another of
the great waves of guilt that had so long controlled her life.  Once
again, someone had died where it should have been her.  Energy of
every color known to man fired at Z.  Priss raised her sword, leapt
into the air and came down, intending to chop Z in half.  He casually
swatted her away with a giant fly swatter of dark energy.  Every blast
faded away into the darkness.  The crystal flickered briefly with
pinpoints of light as it sucked in their energy, which the darkness
then devoured.  Z was transfigured, becoming a giant shadow of a
man, lost in dreams of power.

        Priss continued to attack him fruitlessly, while the others tried
to save the captives before the spider could eat them.

        They might have succeeded if Z hadn't turned his attention
back to them.  Power flared from his hands and five bolts of energy
closed in on Priss to destroy her.

********************

       Unseen by anyone, the power of SHIVA flowed into the Mega-
Tokyo Fusion Reactor.  The safeties were destroyed, as were the
controls.  The staff had fled, the heroes on the outside were still
trying to get in, and there was no one to see as the reactor now
began to flow towards critical.

        Far away, his power danced across the world, setting off the
second wave of missiles.  It was time to bring the dance of
destruction on tour.

*******************

      And Linna danced...

      >YOU SAY THAT IMMORTALITY IS AN ILLUSION, BUT I SAY
TO YOU THAT EVERY HUMAN SOUL IS BEYOND YOUR
POWER.  YOU CAN NEITHER CREATE NOR DESTROY US.
EVEN IF YOU WARP US, WE WILL PASS BEYOND YOUR
GRASP.  DEATH IS NOT THE ENDING, BUT ONLY THE END OF
THE BEGINNING, THE CLOSING OF BUT THE FIRST CHAPTER
OF THE STORY OF OUR LIFE.

       ONCE YOU MAY HAVE HELD SOME CLAIM ON OUR
SOULS, BUT THAT CLAIM HAS BEEN PAID, ANY DEBT
CANCELLED, FOR THE LORD OF LIFE CAME DOWN AND
DANCED UPON THE EARTH.  YOU SAY YOU SLEW HIM, AND
YOU DID, BUT YOU COULD NOT KEEP HIM IN YOUR GRASP.<

        Ten men sat in an upstairs room, eating quietly and trying to
figure out what to do next.  They were not wealthy men, unlike many
of those who had come to Jerusalem for the Passover.  They had
come as disciples of a rabbi and eaten with him just three days
earlier in this very room.  He had announced that one of them would
betray him.  They didn't believe it.  As always, he was right, and they
were wrong.  Judas had betrayed them to the Roman authorities.
He was gone now, with their money, not that they had had much.
They had hoped he was the one who would free them from the
hated Romans and inaugurate the Kingdom of Heaven.  They had
hoped he was the Messiah.

         They were not his only followers.  One such man was
providing the room within which they ate and slept, and the food
they consumed.  Another such, one Joseph of Arimathea, a
merchant in tin, copper, and bronze, had provided the tomb within
which their master now laid.  A friend inside the Sanhedrin had
helped keep the authorities away from them.  They were safe for the
moment, but people were still looking for them, they knew.  They
could be killed as rebels by the Romans as their master had been at
any time.  They had locked the door, though they knew it would
provide little protection.  Peter and Simon the Zealot both had
swords, but that wouldn't do much good against the Roman army.
Peter had given his sword to Thomas, who had gone out with the
women to buy supplies.

        Simon said, "If we wait until the end of Passover, we can slip
out of the city in the rush of people heading home.  I know some
people up in the hills who will take us in.  They'll rag on me for a
while for leaving them, but they'd be glad to get this many recruits.
It'll be dangerous, but..."

        Matthew got up and stared out the window, pulling back the
curtain.  "Shouldn't Thomas be back by now?  It doesn't take THIS
long to buy food, even during Passover."

         "He's probably squeezing every fruit by hand,"  Philip said.  "If
we wanted speed, we should have sent someone else.  Besides,
with the amount of noise James' mother makes, if they got caught,
we'd probably hear her all the way up here."

        James, son of Alphaeus, frowned.  "She's not that loud."

        The other James, brother of John and son of Zebedee, sensed
another fight about to break out.  Philip and James didn't get along
much better than the two feuding villages they came from.  The fact
that Philip's father had given him a Greek name to help him rise in
the world didn't help.  He looked over at Peter, who was staring at
the ceiling, and his brother, who seemed to also be finding
something interesting to look at on the ceiling.  Those two had been
acting funny ever since they'd come back from the tomb.

        The women of their group had gone out to the tomb that
Joshua, their rabbi, had been buried in, in order to properly annoint
his body.  The burial had been hasty, a mad panicked rush to get the
Master stowed away before the Sabbath began.  None of the
disciples had even been present but John, for everyone else had
been cowering for their lives in hideyholes around the city.

         To the horror of the disciples, the women, lead by Mary of
Magdalene, an ex-prostitute, had returned and announced that the
Master's body was gone and that they had seen two angels.  The
angels had told them that the Master had risen from the dead.  It
seemed pretty clear that the women had been so worked up that
they had started imagining things.  The dead don't just get up and
walk away.  Sure there was Lazarus, but who in this city could have
done such a deed for the Master?  And why would they have done it
without telling anyone?  Thomas had theorized that they had
probably gone to the wrong tomb.  There were lots of empty tombs
near the one the Master had been buried in.

        John and Peter had gone back with the women to investigate.
John knew where the correct tomb was, and Peter was still wracked
with guilt over his behavior the night of the Master's death.  He could
at least insure a proper burial.

         John and Peter had returned and made a shocking
announcement.  "He...The Master's body is gone.  The stone was
rolled aside and there was nothing left inside but the wrappings,
neatly rolled up in a long sheath as if they just unwrapped his head
and pulled him out."  Peter was in shock.  What made James worry
was that John didn't say anything during the whole affair, except to
affirm what Peter had said.  He didn't look surprised or worried at all.
James knew this look.  It was the same look John got whenever he
knew something James didn't.  Not that he would tell James of
course.  He never did until it was too late and they both ended up
getting paddled by their father or worse.

         James sat and thought about it.  Matthew tried to drag the
other James and Philip away from each other with Andrew's help,
but James no longer noticed. John knew something.  James was
sure of it, and he was equally sure that Peter didn't know whatever it
was that John knew.  Could it be that the Master wasn't really dead?
Had John and Joseph and Nicodemus pulled some sort of con job
on the Romans?  Somehow gotten the Master down before he died
and smuggled him off somewhere to recover?

        He dismissed the thought.  The Romans didn't let anyone down
until they were sure the person was dead.  Questionable cases got a
spear in the side and bled to death.  That had happened to Joshua,
in fact.  Mary had told James in excessive detail about how a
Roman had stuck a spear in the Master's side and he had bled blood
and water.  For that matter, Andrew had gone to see the tomb
yesterday, and he had reported the Romans had put guards in front
of it.  The Master had to have died, he had to have been buried.

         However, the guards were gone now.  Peter and John hadn't
seen them.  The women said the angels had chased them away.
James went round and round in circles in his head, trying to figure
out what was going on.

        There were footsteps on the stairs.  Peter leaped to his feet and
drew his sword.  Philip and James, son of Alphaeus, finally stopped
sniping at each other.  Everyone tensed, except John, who quietly
got up and walked over to the top of the stairs.  He looked down the
stairs.  "Hello, Joanna."

        Joanna walked into the room and everyone relaxed.  She was
carrying a jug of wine and a loaf of bread.  "Sorry we took so long.
Mary is starting some stew.  You can munch on this while we cook."

         "Where's Thomas?"  Peter asked.

         "He and James' mother are arguing with a merchant over
whether or not his scales are rigged."

         Philip groaned.  "This is NOT the right time for this."

         Andrew said, "Well, let's eat.  I'm starving."

         They got out their cups and laid down on the dining couches
around the table.  It was a rather silly Roman custom, but one that
was catching on around the Mediterranean, along with dozens of
other things that had subtly crept into their lives since the coming of
Rome.  Peter began tearing the bread into roughly even hunks for
everyone while John began filling the cups with wine.  He had an
uncanny knack for pouring out exactly the same amount for
everyone without even looking.  One cup sat alone, untouched.  It
had been the Master's cup.  It had sat in the middle of the table
since their last dinner with him.  No one had dared to move it.  There
was still some left over wine left in it.  John reached out to move it
out of the way.

       They talked quietly in whispers as the food was prepared.  The
smell of the stew began to drift up the stairs.  John's hand closed
around the cup.  As he began to move it, a voice spoke.  "Peace be
with you."  John started and the liquid in the cup surged over the
brim, flying through the air onto Bartholemew, a large, stolid, silent
man.

        Everyone turned and saw the man that they had never
expected to see again.  The Master stood amongst them, between
Matthew's couch and the empty couch that Thomas would have
been on, if he hadn't been busy arguing with a fruit merchant.  He
wore only the simplest of white robes over his burly, muscled frame.
Though not very tall, he seemed almost the size of a mountain, as if
no roof could be high enough to rise over his head.    He smiled as if
nothing had happened, as if he had never left them at all.

        For a moment, no one could speak, although Bartholemew
spluttered a bit, wiping wine out of his eyes and off his face.  Peter
tried to speak, but words failed him.  Finally, James spoke.  "A
ghost.  It must be a ghost."  He could hear his voice, but it was as if
his real self was off somewhere else listening to him speak.

        Simon was muttering over and over, "No, it can't be.  I must be
dreaming."

        Philip was muttering something about locked doors and silent
enterances.  Everyone wondered how he, whoever this was, could
have gotten into the room without anyone hearing him.

        The man smiled a loving smile.  "Why are you disturbed?  Why
do such ideas cross your mind?  Look at my hands and my feet;  it is
really I.  Touch me and see that a ghost does not have flesh and
bones as I do."  He held out his hands and they could see the scars
on his wrists, recently healed from having nails driven through them.
Looking at his feet, they could see the scars there as well.

        Joanna entered with the fish stew.  She didn't recognize the
new man until after she came around and put the pot of stew on the
table.  "I see we have a..."  She looked at the man.  "Guest."  She
fell to her knees.  "It cannot be..."

        He smiled at her.  "It is."  His hand touched her shoulder and
she fainted.

        Everyone continued to stare, completely paralzyed.  He gently
bent and lifted her from the floor onto the empty couch, then said,
"Have you anything here to eat?"

        It was an entirely rhetorical question, unless he was blind.
Matthew instinctively filled a bowl with the stew and handed it to him
and he began to eat, sitting by the unconscious woman on the
couch.  They all stared at him, watching him eat in silence.

        After a few moments, he looked up.  "Time enough to fast
when the bridegroom has departed.  Eat.  You all look hungry."

        They ate, questions in their minds, and hope rising in their
hearts.  The Master had returned to lead them in the Great Dance,
to teach them to lead others, that in the end, all might join in the
dance and be gathered unto Himself.  The power of death was
broken, and a new age begun.  And the dance goes on.

*******************

       The blasts didn't make it to their target.  Inches from Priss'
body, something invisible stopped them.  A dimly glowing shield,
shaped like a human being, had interposed itself.  A voice spoke
faintly.  "I won't let you hurt my friends."

       Z hurled another blast.  The shield glowed more brightly and
became more solid.  It was Usagi, clad now in the garb of the royalty
of the Moon Kingdom, her crescent moon shining upon her brow.

        Everyone paused.  "Usagi...you...you're alive."  Priss said.  It
was horribly cliche, but she didn't know what else to say

        Usagi began to float towards Z, still translucent.  "Can't you see
what you're doing to yourself, Z?  Give me the crystal before it's too
late."

        "No!  I'm FINE!"

        "Then why can't you kill me?  Give me the crystal and I'll help
you."  Usagi's voice was soft with compassion.  Priss couldn't
believe it.

         Z hurled blast after blast at her.  With every blast, he began to
shrink.  Even the giant spider watched in silence, whether from
curiosity or the same sense of horror that rendered the others unable
to move, no one could say.  Usagi became more solid with every
blow.  A white light began to shine in the heart of the crystal.  "Damn
you!  DIE!!!!!"

         "The crystal magnifies your abilities, but it takes a little
piece of you every time you use it.  The more power you draw from it, the
more it draws from you.  Those who seek to wield its power on their own
die.  Only by sharing the cost with others can it be used without death.
Please, give me the crystal before it's too late.  I  don't want you to
die."  She reached out a hand to him, her face limned with tears.
"Please."

          "No!  I won't be taken in!  You're trying to trick me!  I'm SICK
OF PEOPLE WHO THINK THEY KNOW BETTER TELLING ME WHAT TO DO!"  He gathered
as much power as he could and hurled it at her.  All of the darkness
around him flowed into the crystal, smothering the light.  The resulting
bolt could have levelled Tokyo, could have boiled the Indian Ocean into a
dry pile of fish in an instant, could have rendered small countries
uninhabitable for a thousand years.  The energy slammed into Usagi with
the force of a comet.  The instant it all flowed out of the crystal, the
crystal blazed white.  There was no energy left behind.  Z had invested
all of his energy into the attack, and because he was nothing but energy,
there was nothing left of him.  The body he had ridden collapsed.

          The energy struck Usagi, who cried as it evaporated about her
harmlessly.  She reached out her hand and took the crystal.  A
crystal rod formed in her hands and the crystal mounted itself upon
the rod.  She was still crying as beams of energy fired from the rod,
tearing apart the web and slicing the cocoons to bits.  More energy
wafted the captives over to the rest of her friends.  She turned to
face Shiva's avatar.  "Why...why are you doing this?  What do you
want?  Why did you let him destroy himself?  You could have
stopped him.  I don't understand you."

         The avatar never got the chance to properly answer her.

********************

       And Linna danced.

      >YOU TRIED TO BREAK ME WITH THE LITANY OF MY
FAILURES, BUT I SAY THEE NAY.  I HAVE NOT BEEN BROKEN.
WHEN ONE EXERCISES, ONE DAMAGES ONESELF AND
HEALS BACK STRONGER, AND SO IT HAS BEEN WITH ME.
YOUR EVERY BLOW HAS MADE ME WHAT I AM TODAY, AND
WHAT I AM IS BEYOND YOUR POWER TO TOUCH.<

        The doctor stood over Linna's bed.  "You're a very lucky young
lady.  Most children your age would have completely broken both
their legs falling out of that tree like that, but you've only got a very
small fracture.  Still, you're going to need a cast."

        Linna, a black haired eight year old, nodded.  "Okay.  Is my cat
okay?"

        "The veterinarian says he wasn't hurt at all."

        Linna gave a great sigh of relief.  "I was afraid I fell on him."
She had climbed up in the tree, trying to help her cat Whitey, who
liked to climb trees, but was also afraid of heights.  Normally, she
didn't fall down when she did this, but Whitey had panicked for some
reason and they both fell.

        "You'll both be fine, but I'd advise you not to go climbing for a
while."

        Linna only waited until the cast was off to go climbing
because she found out that she couldn't actually climb successfully
with the cast.  As it was, the first thing she did after the doctor cut
the cast off was to go climbing again.

                         ***********

       Linna had never thought she could cry so many tears in her life.
She was sixteen when her parents died at the hands of rampaging
boomers.  She moved into her aunt and uncle's house.  Hiromi
Yamazaki was a mountain of a man, silent, but compassionate.  He
mourned his younger brother deeply, but he didn't let it show.  Her
aunt, Takeo, was a great comfort for Linna.  She was not as
deeply touched by the loss, but in her case, it simply enabled her to
act more effectively to help those who were.  She arranged the
funeral in her methodical, business-like way.

         She also had time to sit with Linna and talk or hug her when
she needed it.  They were the rocks she clung to in the emotional
storm that besieged her.  "Sometimes, Aunt Takeo, I just want to
buy a gun and start shooting boomers, then go down to GENOM and
just kill everything that moves for turning those...those monsters
loose in the city."

       "It won't bring back your parents, Linna,"  her aunt replied.  "I
couldn't bring back Daisuke, either."  She sighed.  "Though I
certainly kept trying for thirty years on the police force."

        "Who was Daisuke?"  Linna had never heard of him.

       "Ito Daisuke was my first boyfriend.  He was killed when he
walked into the middle of some Yakuza business.  I joined the police
so I could prevent anything like that from happening again.  I spent a
lot of time being unhappy, driven, and somewhat grim before I
finally realized what I was doing."

      "Did you ever catch the man who did it?"

       "He was executed by his Daimyo three months later for badly
botching some mission.  I never got my revenge.  I don't think it
would have helped me if I had."

        Linna nodded.  "I never used to think thoughts like these, but I
just...They asked me to go downtown with them, but I was gonna go
out with Choji and..."

        "Linna, if you keep tormenting yourself with might have beens
and guilt you don't deserve, I will spank you.  Then I'll tie you down
and make your uncle tell you EVERY story he knows."

         Linna laughed.  "No, anything but that!"

        "You can't take responsibility for other people dying because
you weren't there.  You can't be everywhere and protect everyone.
Sometimes, people die, and you just can't save them.  I've had to
learn this from being a cop or I would have gone stark raving mad.
If you had been with them, you'd just be dead too."

        Linna nodded.  "I know.  I just...I need something else to do or
I'll go nuts."

        "Maybe you should try stepping up your martial arts lessons.
Your sensei tells me you have a lot of promise.  I'm sure she can
help you learn to meditate as well.  It's a good way to find more
peace with yourself."

         Linna nodded.  "Thanks, Auntie."  She hugged her aunt, who
smiled.

         "You're welcome.  Now you can come help me cook dinner."

                            ***************

       Linna placed a flower on the grave.  "Rest in peace, my friend."

        For a moment, she could hear Irene's voice, singing along to
some goofy pop song.  The realization suddenly struck Linna.  That
was a song by...

        "Hello, Linna."  Speak of the devil and he appears.  Apparently
this applied to Vision as well.  "I'm glad you came."  She was
dressed sedately in a nice dress and hardly resembled her
flamboyant idol singer identity that she maintained for the public's
benefit.  "Grandfather wanted to come, but he's too sick."  She
placed a bouquet on the grave, then set up a candle and lit it.

         She knelt and prayed.  Linna followed suit, though she wasn't
quite sure what she was praying to.  Her mother had been an
Anglican, of all things.  Linna STILL wasn't sure why the Anglican
Church existed in Japan, given it was a British thing, but her mother
had certainly been happy about it.  Her mother was British, and she
had tried to raise Linna to be a good Anglican.  However, Linna's
father, to the extent that he believed in anything, was a traditional
Buddhist and Shinto follower, so she had been dragged to all sorts
of traditional rites as well.  Linna wasn't sure what she believed.
There was some sort of supreme being, but what he or she wanted,
and what he or she was, she wasn't sure.  Thus, she might prayed a
mixed up prayer to a being who might have been Amaterasu, the sun
goddess, or Buddha, or maybe the Christian God, or possibly just a
passing kindly spirit, to watch over Irene's soul, wherever it was, and
to help her find the happiness she deserved.

         Vision finished praying.  "Maybe the gods will bring her the
vengeance she deserved."

         Linna said, "I thought you gave up on seeking that
vengeance."

        Vision sighed.  "Most of the time, I've accepted my own limits
in this...but it all comes back to me today."

       Linna nodded.  "I know.  It took me a long time to get over
losing my parents to boomers.  The same for when Irene was killed.
Especially knowing I might have been able to prevent it."

       "I wish you could have."  She turned and stared into the skies.

        Linna sighed.  "I wish I could have done a lot of things.  If I've
learned anything, though, it's that I can't spend all my time beating
myself for my past mistakes.  I've learned to take my lumps and
move on."

        She nodded.  "I admire you for that.  You bounce back so fast.
I wish I did."

         "Just give it time.  Come on.  Let's go get drunk and sing
karaoke together."

         She laughed.  "Good idea.  Just don't ask me to sing any of
my own songs, okay?"

         They had a grand old time, even when Linna manuevered
Vision into singing one of her own songs and a horde of drunken
fans besieged them.

***********************

       Ryouko, Pluto, Hikaru, and Noa floated in subspace, battling the
giant Mecha-Wasyuu.  It was rather like four flies trying to fight the
battleship Texas.  It couldn't hit them because they were too small,
while they couldn't do enough damage to even make it notice them.

        Ryouko swore again and again, blasting away at the thing.
"Goddamn you, what have you done with TENCHI?"  He had
vanished in a burst of light and if anyone knew where he was going,
they weren't telling.

        Noa was almost enjoying it.  How Alphonse could fly or where
the heck they were, she had no idea, but she felt like she WAS
Ingraman.  She laughed again.  Asuma-kun's not going to believe
ANY of this.  Too bad I can't fire energy blasts.  She imagined
herself firing a ray of purple energy right through the giant robot.
Suddenly, a blast of light fired from Alphonse's hands and lanced
into one of the robot's arms.  It didn't do much damage, but it
surprised the hell out of her.  "What the...did you do that, Alphonse?"
He didn't reply, which was probably good for her sanity.

        Pluto quietly slapped her forehead.  "I can't believe I didn't
think of this earlier," she muttered.  She reached into a pocket that
didn't exist a few seconds earlier, and pulled out a strange object
that resembled a folding visor on a stick, somewhat like high tech
opera glasses.  She tossed the item through the mists to Noa.  To
her surprise, it passed right through Alphonse's closed head door
and landed in her lap.  Pluto shouted up to Noa.  "USE IT!"

        Noa stared at the object for a moment.  Noa stared at the
inscription on one side.  'The Warrior and her Weapon are one.
Speak the word and it shall be done.'  Noa suddenly knew what she
had to do.  She flicked the visor open and held it up to her eyes,
then spoke the word it was awaiting.  "Grow."

        Ryouko stared as the Ingram began to expand, changing as it
grew.  It became sleeker and more human-like.  Sharp angles
became smooth curves.  White metal became white flesh.  Windows
became eyes.  Even the rampaging Mecha-Wasyuu watched in awe.
Soon, it was confronted by a woman clad in white armor, carrying a
huge electrified rod.

        X spoke a single word.  "No."

        "Yes."  The battle was joined.

*********************

      And Linna danced...

      >IN YOUR PRIDE, SHIVA, YOU WOULD CLAIM THAT ALL
THINGS BELONG TO YOU, THAT DEATH IS THE END OF
EVERY STORY.  YOU HAVE FORGOTTEN THAT THE END OF
ONE STORY IS ONLY THE BEGINNING OF ANOTHER, FOR THE
GREAT STORY OF THE UNIVERSE GOES ON.  EVERY DEATH
IS FOLLOWED BY BIRTH; EVERY 'AND THEN THEY DIED'
FOLLOWED BY 'BUT IT DID NOT END THEIR EXISTENCE,
MERELY THEIR PLACE OF RESIDENCE'.  ALL HAPPINESS, ALL
HATRED, ALL THE JOY AND ALL THE SUFFERING OF A SINGLE
MORTAL SOUL ARE THE MOST IMPORTANT THINGS THAT
EVER HAPPENED, FOR THEY ARE THE FORGE THAT
CREATES A BEING WHO WILL PLAY THE PART SHE HAS
SHAPED FOR HERSELF FOR ETERNITY.<

       SHIVA had been driven back to the far end of the arena by the
light that shone from Linna.  The Fates floated in the air between
them, watching as Linna made her final summation.

      >YOU HAVE SHAPED ME WITH YOUR HAMMER BLOWS,
BUT IT IS I WHO HAVE DETERMINED WHAT I HAVE BEEN
FORGED INTO.  WHAT I HAVE BECOME IS BEYOND YOUR
POWER AND I SEE NOW THAT I ALWAYS WAS.  I FOLLOW
THE ONE WHO DIED, YET LIVES AGAIN, AND I TOO LIVE
AGAIN AFTER THE DEATH YOU BELIEVE IS THE SUM OF ALL
THINGS.  I AM LINNA YAMAZAKI, AND I AM FREE OF YOUR
POWER, NOW AND FOREVER.<

       Linna brandished the lightning she held in her right hand, and
spiraled about, completing her dance.  She released the voice of
command, knowing it would come again if she needed it.  "I stand
ready for judgement."

        The green-robed middle fate spoke.  "Our judgement is
rendered.  You have spoken well, Linna Yamazaki, and truly.  You
are indeed beyond his power.  SHIVA is only part of the cycle of life,
a cycle that is beyond his power to stop or destroy.  All things must
end in time, but only that they might be reborn, better than before, or
replaced by other things whose time has come.  That time
approaches for your world, when it must face destruction in order
that it may rest and be born again into a new age, a new youth of the
world.  Yet, that time need not come immediately.  By your labors,
Linna Yamazaki, you have won your world a respite of a generation.
You have thirty years to prepare for that day of reckoning to come.
SHIVA, you are denied the right to smite this world."

        NO!  IT CANNOT BE!  MY WILL CANNOT BE DENIED!  YOU
CANNOT STOP ME!  I WILL DIE FIRST!

        The purple-hooded fate spoke.  "As you wish, so it shall be
done.  You are more replaceable than you believe.  With all his
flaws, your maker prepared for such a contingency."

        The yellow-hooded fate turned to Linna.  "Your world trembles
on the brink of oblivion.  Will you go to them and lead them in the
dance of life?  Will you help them to prepare for what is to come?"

        "It is why I was born.  Will you help me?"

         The yellow-hooded fate smiled.  "We are not allowed to
directly intervene, but we can notify those who can help you.  You
have ascended to their ranks, and this world is in their care."  She
quirked her lips in a smile and handed Linna a cellular phone.  "Just
dial this number..."
        SHIVA howled and stars shivered in their courses.

        I WILL DESTROY YOU!

        SHIVA whirled forwards towards Linna, every limb brandishing
a weapon, from fire to ice, from swords to railguns, all the
instruments of destruction known to man, his limbs countless as the
stars in the sky, for so many are the ways in which a life may be
brought to an end.

      The three who are one spoke in like manner.

       ***STOP***

       To his horror, SHIVA stopped.  The Fates drifted around him,
forming a triangle.  They stretched out their arms and beams of light
linked them.  SHIVA charged at them, but couldn't even get near
them.  Inch by inch, they began to drift closer to each other.

        YOU CANNOT DO THIS TO ME!

        ***DID YOU NOT SAY THAT DESTRUCTION COMES TO
ALL THINGS IN TIME?  EVEN YOU CANNOT EVADE THAT
LAW.***

         Closer and closer they came to him.  He raged fruitlessly, then
vanished before the three Fates came close enough to touch him.

         "Is he dead?"

         ***ONLY GONE TO AWAIT HIS NEXT OPPORTUNITY.
YOUR TIME HAS COME.  SUMMON YOUR ALLIES.  IT IS TIME
FOR YOU TO LEAD THEM IN THE DANCE OF LIFE.***

********************

        The fates rose into the sky to observe in silence as Linna hung
up the phone they had given her.  It dissolved away and a door
opened in the side of the arena.  Three goddesses stepped out.
They ran over to Linna and hugged her.  "I knew you could do it."
Skuld said.

         "We're very proud of you,"  Belldandy said.

         "Hey, given you're in the market for a boyfriend now, I know
this great guy in the wisdom department who..."  Urd began.

          Skuld clonked Urd in the noggin.  "Later, sister.  Besides,
isn't that guy one of your exes?"

        "I never said he was brand new from the factory."  Urd turned
to Linna again.  "We await your lead, Linna."

         Linna blinked.  "My lead?"

        "Do you still doubt yourself after all you have been through?"
Belldandy asked.

        "Just making sure."  Linna winked.  She thought for a moment.
"I don't suppose any of you have studied dance?"

        "I have."  Urd said.

         "Not THAT kind of dance,"  Skuld said.

         "Hey, I'm talking about dancing with music!  Not THAT kind of
dancing."

         Linna laughed.  "Well, follow my lead."  She flicked her will at
the world and music began.  She put away her shield and
concentrated.  Her lightning became a sword of fire.  The others
nodded.  Skuld held her staff aloft.  Urd concentrated and a great
golden cup filled with a purple liquid manifested in her hands.  
Belldandy reached into her voluminous clothing and produced a mirror.
They moved to the four corners of the arena, then began to circle it in a
huge procession.  Seven times they marched clockwise around the
arena, moving in slow rythmic steps to the music.  As they moved,
ribbons of light trailed behind them, weaving themselves into a rope
of light, forming a circle around most of the arena.  The buildings
outside the circle began to crumble as the music began to speed up.
In places, plants began to creep up through the stone, ripping it
further apart.  On the seventh rotation, when they returned to where
they had begun, each held their icon aloft and spoke.

     Urd began.  "Cup of Life, granting life without measure, summon
the one who bears your power."  The air shimmered and Tsunami
appeared inside the circle, near Urd.

     Belldandy was next.  "Mirror of Souls, revealing the beauty
hidden within even the ugliest body, summon the one who bears
your power."  The air shimmered and Sailor Moon appeared inside
the circle, near Belldandy.

     Skuld was the third to speak.  "Staff of Kings, leading the nations,
summon the one who bears your power."  The air shimmered and a
very surprised Tenchi appeared inside the cirle, near Skuld.

      Linna completed the invocation.  "Sword of Defense, protecting
the innocent and punishing the wicked, summon the one who bears
your power."  The air shimmered and an equally surprised Priss
appeared by Linna.

        "Linna?  Is that you?"  Her voice shook.  The angel who stood
before her sort of looked like Linna, but more so, if that was
possible.  It was as if everything that was not part of the true Linna
had been cut away, like a sculptor turning a block of stone into an
elephant by removing everything that didn't look like an elephant.
She had never seen Linna so serious and yet so joyful at the same
times.

         "Yes, I am,"  Linna said, then her voice joined the others.

         YO>!DIVINE WISDOM, SHOW US THE WAY.  GUIDE US IN
THE DANCE THAT NEVER ENDS!<OY

       Their command was granted.  They all knew what they had to
do.  They began to dance, spiraling around a great light which
formed in the center of the circle.  It was what they had been born to
do, and it came to them without effort.  The music carried them, and
they shone with the light given them by their maker.  Around them,
the last remnants of the arena crumbled and were replaced by a
great grassy meadow, full of flowers.  Trees sprouted up around the
circle, giving them shade, and they danced among the trees.  Faster
and faster they moved, dancing alone, or in pairs, or triplets, or
quadruplets, as the dance dictated.

          The glowing light became a star, and the star was surrounded
by nine planets, and many moons and asteroids.  The third planet
grew in their sight, and they saw it in all its pain.  It hung on the
verge of death.  Hidden deep inside it was the Tree of Life, its heart,
and its heart was ridden with disease.  Its children had poisoned it,
not understanding the consequences of their actions or not caring.
SHIVA's children ran wild, destroying and slaying.  Tiny packages of
death zoomed through the air, carrying destruction and a curse for
children upon children unto the seventh generation and beyond.  It
was a world trembling at one second to midnight on the doomsday
clock.

          They looked upon creation, and it was not good.  Eight hearts
ached for a world they had all called home, and would one day
perhaps call home again.  Eight wills joined as one.  The world must
be healed.  Yet, they could not easily touch the world from here,
where they were strongest.  Only those within the world could shape
it.  But there was one thing they could do to touch the world from
here.  SHIVA had sent avatars of destruction.  They would pool their
power and grant it to an avatar of life.  They would need a pure
heart.  Seek and the door will be opened unto you.  

*************************

      Nene stared at the vision before her.  Was that Priss and Linna?
Was that really Ryo's father?  Who were those three beautiful
women with the symbols on their foreheads and why did Linna have
one like theirs?  The eight spoke as one.

     YyOo>-!1NENE ROMANOVA, THIS WORLD IS IN NEED OF
HEALING.  WILL YOU HELP US?1!-<oOyY

        For a moment, Nene thought she must be going mad.  The
world had stopped dead around her and nothing was moving.  Then
she realized these must be angels.  I'm just thinking they look like
my friends because I can't comprehend them in normal terms.  Yes,
that must be it.  "How...how can I help?  Unless you need a
computer hacked into..."

     YyOo>-!1 YOU ARE A QUEEN.  THE HANDS OF A QUEEN
HAVE POWER TO HEAL.  LET US GIVE YOU OUR STRENGTH,
THAT YOU MAY HEAL THE WORLD. 1!-<oOyY

      Nene shook.  I have to be imagining this.  Then she thought
about how badly things were going.  If I can make this better, it's my
duty to do so, even if I really am going mad.  I have to try.  "Zap me
with the power.  I'm ready."

     YyOo>-!1  NOT AS READY AS WE MIGHT WISH, BUT WE
KNOW YOU WILL DO YOUR BEST.  NENE ROMANOVA,
RECEIVE OUR POWER.   1!-<oOyY

      It was better than the best drug trip anyone ever had in the entire
history of creation.  It was more satisfying than the best sex that
ever was.  It was larger than the daemon Sultan Azathoth,
malingering at the heart of the universe and listening to the same
bad jazz over and over because he couldn't speak to tell them to
stop already.  It lasted for eternity and was over in an instant.  The
power rushed through Nene Romanova's frame and she saw the
world, warts and all.  She saw the small children playing, and the
madmen with their fingers on the trigger.  She saw women giving
their lives for the poor in Calcutta, and the rich men whose actions
made sure there would always be poor for them to give their lives
too.  She saw men going into buildings to save people they didn't
know and would never see again to save them from fires and she
saw women selling their best friends down the river for a moment's
advantage.  She saw the rain that falls on the just and the unjust.  It
was a place of blessed joy; it was a pustulent sore just waiting to be
popped.  If Sodom and Gomorrah were destroyed for their sins, then
this world deserved destruction a million times more.  Yet, if they
had possessed even ten righteous men, they would have been
spared, and this world possessed far more than ten who strove to do
good, though they might often fail.  Nene loved the world with all its
flaws, its cruelties, and its injustices, for love is not based on merit.
It is a free gift and she gave freely.

         The power within her flowed out, empowered by her
compassion, and she touched the world, wiping away its tears.
Hundreds of weapons of death arcing through the skies suddenly
became giant fireworks that would explode harmlessly over their
targets, making an amusing light show.  The fires that ravaged the
cities went out.  The blights that smote the crops were smitten
themselves and the plants flourished.  Twisted hulks of metal
became vehicles, and homes and cyberdroids once more.  The
people themselves looked to the sky in awe as something touched
their hearts, and for one moment, the rage of the world guttered and
went out.

         Nene reached out to her friends and foes alike, bringing the
healing that comes from joy and love and forgiveness.

********************

       The Judge hurled back his head and howled.  Light filled the
courtroom and Tsunami suddenly vanished.  A voice spoke.

       YO>!STRIKE NOW, YOUSHOU, WHILE HE IS
DISTRACTED.!>OY

       Youshou blinked and struck, his sword blazing and cutting the
Judge in half.  He vanished in a spray of light.  The courtroom faded
and he and Wasyuu found themselves in a computer lab.  Massive
machines surrounded them, linked by cables and covered with
knobs, buttons, and flashing lights.  Wasyuu grinned.

       "I don't know who's distracting him, but I won't complain."  She
ran over to one of the machines and casually pushed a button.  The
entire system went dead.  There was a distant scream and the entire
world around them shattered like breaking glass.

       "We've been fighting a computer?"  Youshou said.

       "Much more than a computer.  I could have told Walyn that
keeping a computer in subspace is dangerous...they start getting
delusions of grandeur.  They're not entirely delusions either.  Let's
get out of here."  Subspace folded around them and they vanished
as the primal home of SHIVA dissolved back into the mists.


************************

       Ryo and Manami blasted down the last security door just in time
to see that the controls of the reactor had been reduced to a fried
out mess, except for the geiger counter which was going off at about
200 decibels.  "I wonder how many of us I can teleport at one time,"
Ryo mumbled.

       "There has to be something we can do!"  Ohta said.

       "Well, we can run for our lives,"  Ryo said.  "Unless one of you
happens to be really good at absorbing enough radioactive particles
to stop a fusion reaction."

         "Maybe we can contain the explosion with our powers,"
Manami said.

        Ryo sighed.  "I was afraid you'd suggest that.  Right.  You get
on the other side and we'll try to summon the Radiant Hawk Wings."

        Manami turned to the others.  "Get out.  Madoka, teleport away
as many of us as you can.  The rest of you...run."

        "I don't think we're going to be able to outrun this thing if it
blows."  Macky said.

        "Well, give it the old college try!"  Manami said.

         "I'm not in college."

         "GET OUT OF HERE OR I'LL BLOW YOUR HEAD OFF
MYSELF!"  Manami shouted.

         Celia and Madoka herded everyone out.  They ran like
madmen.  Celia looked back as she headed out of the room.
Manami and Ryo were floating in the air.  Five white blades, about
three feet long, had appeared in the air, forming a circle around the
reactor chamber.  The wall of the reactor chamber was bulging.  The
magnetic containment field was failing.  Celia turned and fled.

         Macky was right.  They couldn't run fast enough.  By the time
Madoka got back from getting the non-powered people to safety, the
reactor was blowing its top.  They could see a bright flash of light
erupting from the half-buried reactor.  Tiny specks were containing
it, but they weren't strong enough, not with the power of SHIVA
driving the explosion.  Mega-Tokyo would die by fire.  Like Lot's
wife, Madoka, Macky, and Celia stood upon a hill and prepared to
watch the destruction of their home and themselves.

        Or maybe not.  There was a voice too loud and too soft to be
heard, and hands descended from the sky.  The hands moved to
encompass the explosion and began to move towards each other.
The explosion compressed, shrinking and retreating into the ground.

        Celia was speechless.  Madoka whispered, "The hand of
God..."

         Macky muttered, "Looks like God and Nene wear the same
nail polish."

         Celia would have slapped him if he wasn't up inside a huge
labor and out of arm's reach.

         The hands compressed the explosion to a speck that went out,
then reached into the ground.  In an instant, the reactor was restored as
if nothing had happened.  The hands moved again, lifting two fallen
figures and carrying them over to their friends, then moved through the
trio, wiping away their wounds and easing their cares.  As the hands
faded, a bird began to sing.  Ryo stared at Manami.  His lips moved 
silently for a moment, then he mumbled, "God is a woman and she kissed
me.  Nene's going to be jealous."  He quietly passed out.

***************************

        Mecha-Wasyuu and Ingraman battled across the mists of
subspace as Ryouko, Pluto, and Hikaru tagged along, simply
watching the battle.  Ryouko said to Pluto, "What the hell was that
thing you gave her?"

        "This old toy I picked up at an anime convention back in 1994
or so.  Maybe it was 1996 when I went to Anime Expo.  I can't
remember.  I think I paid thirty bucks for it.  I'd almost forgotten I
still had it."

        Ryouko coughed.  "A TOY did that to her?"

        "The toy was only a tool to help her believe.  She did that
herself.  Here in subspace, even the self is malleable to one's will.
That's why it's so dangerous to come here."

         "I don't quite follow you."

         "What you truly believe about yourself becomes the truth.
Some people believe some pretty nasty things about themselves.
Also, it's possible for others to impose their will on you and reshape
you to become what they believe you should be.  Normally, you only visit
this world in dreams, which is the safe way to do it.  Yet, it calls to
us, and if we are denied it, we slowly go mad.  A paradox, eh?"

         Ryouko shook her head.  "So you're saying that she turned into
that because she believed she could?"

        "Because she believed she could do it with the visor, yes."

       "It's just a children's toy, though."

       "Did you not play at being kings and queens, cops and robbers,
ryugla and shaldo, when you were a child?  Was it not as real to you then
as your life is now?  It is not for nothing that one must become as a
child to enter the Kingdom of Heaven."  Pluto turned and watched the
battle.

        "Are you saying Heaven is just a child's fantasy?"

     "Are you saying that you can ever find something that you don't
believe in?  You must believe as a child believes, with all his heart and
soul, in order to find what is most important in life, in order to enter
the Kingdom of Heaven.  It must be real to you, or you will not be real
to it.  If we had faith the size of mustard seed, we could move  
mountains, but the older we get, the harder it is to believe, the harder
to return to the innocence and power of youth.  You miss your childhood,
don't you?"  Pluto turned and gazed into Ryouko's eyes.

     Ryouko looked away, for Pluto's gaze was too powerful for her.  "I
don't want to talk about it."

     "Adulthood is only a punishment if you want it to be.  The challenge
is to grow up without losing the best of what we had.  If we cling to what 
cannot come again, we will only bring ourselves pain.  You want freedom,
but you're no longer willing to pay the price it would cost you.  Given
the price, I think you've made the right decision."

        "It's so much work being grown up.  I don't like work,"  Ryouko
whispered.

        Hikaru put a hand on Ryouko's shoulder.  "That's what
husbands are for."

     Ingraman put her hands together and fired another blast, blowing a
hole in Mecha-Wasyuu's chest.  She was riddled with holes now, and this
didn't help matters.  Nor were the fusion boomers that had joined together
with the tower's material to form her body capable of fusing with the
mists to repair her.  All they could do was shrink to fix the holes.  As she 
shrank, her attacks became less powerful.  X howled as blow by blow,
Ingraman carved away the body with which he tried to fight her.

     Ingraman lifted Mecha-Wasyuu over her head and slammed her into a
ground that hadn't existed until Ingraman thought of trying the move.  X 
couldn't think coherently.  His master was howling in his head.  He kept
trying to fuse his body with hers, but somehow, his opponent was alive,
and X knew he couldn't control anything alive with his powers, nor could
a fusion boomer properly merge with living flesh.  Inch by inch, Ingraman
whittled away X.  He tried to flee the body, but something was stopping
him.  It was that damnable psychic's mind.  She had locked him inside 
Mecha-Wasyuu.  Doubts riddled his mind.  What if I die?  What if being in
a body that dies kills me?

     Finally, he yielded.  The body had shrunk to where it was little more
than the size of human being.  He held up his hands and surrendered.

          Ingraman paused.  Where am I going to get some handcuffs,
she thought?

          Suddenly a wind blew through subspace.  A bright light took
them and the mists vanished.  They felt a presence, soothing their
pains, healing their wounds, and cleansing their hearts.  Ryouko
heard a voice, whispering comfort into her ears.

      1BELOVED WIFE, I AM SO GLAD YOU ARE OKAY.1

       She cried with joy.  The light of her life was okay.  The light
swallowed them up.   When the moment passed, they were
somewhere else.

***************************

       A massive battle raged about the spider's web.  It was tossing
sailors and their friends about like straws in a hurricane, but
somehow, it seemed distracted.  It would pause and stare off into
space until someone attacked it. Finally, the sailors pulled back to
consider a new plan.  With both Priss and Usagi vanished into God
knows where, Tuxedo Kamen had taken command.  "Mercury, have
you found them?"

        "No, not...wait, I'm picking them up, they're coming..."

        A great wind rushed through subspace from the east.  A great
light accompanied it, flowing across the spider's web.  The spider
and the web burned away in an instant.  The power engulfed the
sailors and their friends.  They heard a voice, softer than the beat of a
fly's wing, louder than the song of the stars.

         oI LOVE YOU  ALL.  BE HEALED.o

        And they were.  Instants later, they vanished, soon to be seen
again.

***************************

     Nene reached out her hand and touched the heart of Mega-
Tokyo.  The concrete and rubble vanished in an instant.  Grass
sprouted where once a great tower had stood, and trees grew.  In
their midst, a great tree grew a lifetime of centuries in instants and
blossomed, its perfumes wafting out into the city.  Buildings
unwrecked themselves.  A great cloud that had choked the city with
its poison dissipated.  The poisons that had spilled forth from the
fusion reactor flowed back into it and contained themselves.
Damaged machines rose from the dead and the safety systems
came back to life as well.  In hospitals, the injured found their
injuries gone.  People in comas for years suddenly awoke.  The sick
were healed.  The desparing found new hope.

       It was not all the world needed.  To fully heal the hurts of the
world was beyond the power of the eight and their avatar, no matter
how much power they possessed.  But they had gained a breathing
time, a time to prepare for the troubles to come, and a time to rest
from their labors.  The Indian Summer of this age of man had
begun, a last time of joy before the coming of winter.  But beyond
that winter would come a new Spring and a new age of Man, for
while Winter may choke old Life, winter is never eternal.

        She turned to complete her final task.  She became the
doorway through which all those exiled beyond the wall of sleep, in
the world of dreams, the world that shapes this world and is shaped
by it, would return to the world of the living.  She found herself
standing beneath the tree, in the heart of Mega-Tokyo.  Her arms
stretched to the sky and she invoked the power she bore one final
time.  She could hear the music, and eagerly, she joined the great
dance for one shimmering moment.  As she danced, all those who
had been carried beyond the boundaries of the world returned.  The
last to come were four of the eight whose power she bore.  Nene
turned to the one who remained behind.

        %COME, LINNA, AND JOIN US!%

        >I SHALL JOIN YOU SOON.  MY TASK HERE IS ALMOST
DONE.  WAIT FOR ME, MY FRIEND.<

        Nene felt the power flow out of her and normality return.  But
not all of it.  No one can be touched by power without being
changed, and she was changed indeed.  They all were.

***************************




















      The sun began to set over Mega-Tokyo.  The city shone in the
sun, clean and happy for the first time in its entire life and perhaps
for the final time as well.  Three figures floated in a triad over the
city.  The youngest spoke, "Was it worth it?  Only a single
generation are they spared."

        The middle one said, "Many that now live will die in peace
before doom comes upon this world for a time.  It is enough."

         The oldest spoke, gazing down at the heart of the city.
"Because this has come to pass, some shall live where otherwise
virtually all would die.  Destiny has returned to its proper banks.  
What must be, will be."

          The middle one spoke, closing the topic, "I suspect most of
them could care less about destiny being restored and are just glad
to be alive."

***************************

Dance of Shiva Chapter 19:  Ad Astra

***************************

      Madoka, Ryu, and Manami stared out at the city.  "What the hell
WAS that?"  Madoka muttered.

      Ryu lay on the ground, his eyes wide.  "Incredible."

      "Thanks for the brilliant analysis, brother,"  Manami said.

      "I wonder if this means I've been chosen to be a prophet."  He
continued staring up in the sky.

      Manami blinked.  "WHAT are you talking about?"  She and
Madoka both stared at Ryu.

      Ryu rolled over and looked up at them.  "I got kissed by God.
That has to mean SOMETHING."

      "It means you're going out of your mind!"  Manami said.  This is
going to be worse than the time he was convinced he was the
chosen one of the Burundi-Hachis, she thought.  "I'm sure God has
better taste in men than to pick you."  I can't believe I said that, she
thought.

      This was, of course, the cue for another pointless sibling
argument.

************

       Noa was the first of the people in the park to awaken, perhaps
because the inside of a labor isn't a very comfortable place to sleep.
She looked out the window and saw a green and pleasant park all
around her.  Where on God's green earth am I?  She remembered a
most fantastic battle, where she had...no, that couldn't possibly be
real, she thought.  Me, transforming into Ingraman?  That was just a
dream.

       There was something in her lap.  It was a long visor attached to
a rod, with an inscription, 'The Warrior and her Weapon are one.
Speak the word and it shall be done.'  It had been no dream.

************

       Kyosuke stared at his body.  He had the vague feeling he ought
to be a lot more mangled.  As it was, only the tendencies of large
medical staffs towards bureaucracy were keeping him from just
getting up and leaving.  The rest of his team who had been hurt
were equally sitting around while doctors and nurses went nuts trying
to concoct a scientific explanation for the sudden healing of
everyone in the hospital.

       There was a flash of light, and his wife appeared.  "It's over,
dear."

       "What happened?"

       "I have no idea, although..."

       "Although what?"

       "Let me tell you about what I saw at the reactor."

       Most people wouldn't have believed it, but then most people
have had a life in which the hand of God would be abnormal.
Kyosuke was almost surprised this hadn't happened earlier.

************

      Out in the woods, the remains of the Kasuga/Patlabor strike
force sat down in their training grounds and sighed.  "Do you think
Madoka-san is okay?"  Umi asked for the fourth time.  "She ought to
be back by now."

      "We're not turning radioactive, and we didn't see Mega-Tokyo
blow sky-high recently, so I assume she's okay,"  Ohta said.  "My
poor labor...abandoned inside a nuclear reactor.  Are you SURE she
couldn't have brought our labors too?"

      "Even Kyosuke-sama, Madoka-san, and Hiyama-san together
would have a hard time moving both our labours this far.  I'd have
killed myself if I tried to teleport so far with something that big.
Madoka-san had too many people to move."  Umi laid down on the 
ground and gave out a great sigh.  "Is battle always this exhausting?"

       Clancy listened quietly.  If we didn't keep having those run-ins
with gargoyles, I'd have had a lot harder time adjusting to all this.
Even so, this is still bizarre.  I hope John is okay.  Her cellular rang, and 
soon she found out the answer to her question.

************

       Nene slept quietly under a tree as Pluto and Hikaru awoke in
the park.  It was strewn with sleeping people.  Noa had awakened 
in Alphonse, but she was the only one to precede them in
awakening.  Ryouko was zonked on a tree branch.  Wasyuu was
slumped up against the same tree, along with Sasami, Tenchi, and
Youshou.  Sylvie was passed out on a park bench and Anri was
curled up next to the bench.  Meylia and Priss were sprawled out on
the grass and the many Sailor Senshi were strewn about them,
along with their loves.

      Hikaru and Pluto had a good reason to awaken before most of
the others.  They were in the fountain, which displeased both of
them.  They rapidly scrambled out.  Hikaru used her TK to dry
herself off.  That this further doused Pluto was of course, a bonus.

      Pluto said, "You could have done that without getting me wetter,
you know."

      Hikaru clapped her hands.  "It was fate."

      There was a flash of light and a woman appeared, dressed in
garb similar to Sailor Pluto, but with short blonde hair, her staff
tipped with a large purple amethyst.  "Come.  I need you."

       Hikaru blinked.  "Who are you?"

       The woman smiled.  "Sailor Pluto."

       Hikaru blinked again.  "She's Sailor Pluto."

       Pluto laughed.  "I am the last of the Elder Senshi and one of the
two Eldest.  But even I shall pass in time.  Sailor Pluto is dead; long
live Sailor Pluto."

       Hikaru looked between them and cocked her head.  "Is this a
Time Lord thing?"

       The blonde Pluto laughed.  "We'll be appearing on FOX next
season."

      Hikaru blinked

      Pluto sighed.  "That was forty years ago and a different country."

      "Hey, I got the joke."

     "You MADE the joke."

      "Hmph.  Spoilsport.  Anyway, we need to go."

      "For the sake of those your humor might otherwise harm, I will
come."

      The blonde Pluto sighed.  "Have a nice day, Dr. Hiyama."  She
turned to Pluto.  "Ready?"

       Hikaru said, "So, will I have the displeasure of seeing you
again?"

       Pluto smiled.  "I could tell you..." She deliberately trailed off
as she began to glow.

       "But she never tells anyone anything,"  the blonde Pluto finished
for her.  "You should know that by now."  They both vanished.

       Hikaru smiled faintly.  "Indeed I do."  She turned and looked at
all the snoozing people.  "I should let sleeping dogs lie, I suppose,
but first..."  She vanished without benefit of special effects.

************

      Leon shook his head.  Something weird had just happened.  He
looked over at Daley, then realized he had been clonked by a falling
beam, along with Mihoshi.  He dimly remembered the beam was
Mihoshi's fault, though he wasn't sure how.  Then again, maybe this
was just habit kicking in.  They seemed unhurt, though.  The whole
building had gone silent, except for this loud breathing, which turned
out to be Kiyone nearby.

        Kiyone said quietly, "It's over."

        "What's over?"

       "The battle.  Didn't you see it?"

        Leon nodded dumbly.  Something had filled the building,
maybe the city, perhaps the world.  It was a feeling he'd only felt in
snatches before--being hugged by his mother, his first motorcycle
ride, making love with Priss, standing on top of a mountain he had
climbed and looking down on the Kanto plain.  It was exhilarating
and soothing at the same time.  The feeling was fading now, but he
knew something had intervened to end the battle.  "You know,
Mihoshi looks so much like a cute little girl when she sleeps."

        Kiyone nodded.  "There have been times I've wanted to
smother her in her sleep, but then I see her like that, and I know she
means well.  She's just a child, and maybe she always will be.  She
has all the strengths and flaws of a child.  I feel more like her mother
than her partner sometimes, but in the end, she always comes
through for me."  She paused.  "Though sometimes I go through hell
in the interval."

       "Come on, let's get our partners woken up and try and find the
Chief.  If he's alive.  I wonder what he'll say when he sees you."

       "Hmm.  Maybe I should drop by Accounting and pick up my last
paycheck too."  She laughed.  "Probably they'd be even slower than
usual."

       They both laughed.

************

        Goto floated in a starry void.  Where he was, he had no idea.  I
wonder if I'm dead, he thought.  This could be an elaborate
hallucination.  A woman had brought him here, but then she had
vanished.  She had returned with another woman, then vanished
again.  He turned to the woman.  "And who might you be?"

       "My name is Katherine Madigan."  She looked closely at him.
"Goto."

       He smiled.  "You almost make me feel famous."  He looked
around.  "You wouldn't happen to know where we are?"

       "I think Blondie plans to make us an offer we can't refuse."  She
paused.  "Were you behind the 'GENOM Takeover' broadcast?"

       "I don't have the technical skills for such a thing."

       She frowned.  "In other words, you got someone else to do it for
you."

        He smiled.  "Nice to see you are as intelligent as I had been
told."

       "Don't patronize me."  Madigan frowned at Goto.

       "Patronizing the young is a prerogative of the old, and I feel old.
This was my last adventure."  He sighed.  

        There was a flash of light and two women appeared.  Both
wore the uniform of Sailor Pluto, but one was tall with long dark hair,
the other short with a blonde pageboy haircut.  The taller and Elder
Pluto said, "You shouldn't have brought them both to the same
place."

        "I seem to remember someone else was supposed to pick up
the first one, but didn't."

        Silence.

         "Anyway."  The Elder Pluto took Goto by the hand.  "We have
much to discuss."  They vanished.

         Kate Madigan made a mental note for future reference about
these two squabbling.  "So, Godmother, what's the deal I can't
refuse?"

         The younger Pluto smiled.  "I have need of someone with your
skills and talents.  If you accept, you will never see the time of your
birth again."

         "And if I refuse?"

         "I send you back to your own time and you try to explain to
your bosses how you were the only person who got out of GENOM
Tower-Japan alive and explain what happened to Quincy."

         "I have no idea what happened to Quincy."

         "Do you REALLY think they'll believe that?  This assumes, of
course, that you don't go down in the wreck of the GENOM ship as
80% of its assets are nationalized by various nations or have to be
sold to pay the massive debts GENOM will have to rack up to even
start to try to rebuild.  Boomer sales are certainly NOT going to be
looking up."

         "So where AM I going?"

         "They call it the Crystal Millenium.  The year by your
contemporary reckoning would be about 3990 AD or so..."

************

      Far away, in the park, everyone else began to moan and wake
up.  Reunions, meetings, and embraces spread like wildfire.  High
above the park, in space, Aeka blinked, trying to understand what
she had just felt.  Was that a vision of my husband?  Am I
dreaming?  And what's happened to my sister?

       The com screen clicked on.  It was Tsunami.  "Come down to
the park, sister."

       "Park?  What park?"

       Sasami smiled.  "The one where GENOM used to be."

        Aeka nodded and headed for the park..

************

     "So you will need a police chief?  And what do I get out of this?"  Goto 
stood casually in the grey misty void, wishing he had a chair.  Suddenly, 
he DID have a chair, which was rather disturbing.  He examined it 
carefully, not trusting it to refrain from vanishing back to wherever it 
came from.

      "The truth.  That is what you have sought, is it not?  Do you wish to 
truly understand the web and the spider you have been fighting?  And it 
will be a pleasant place to live out your last years. "  Pluto's voice was 
soothing.  "If you prefer, I can return you to the world.  I can find 
another, but I would rather it be you.  None of us are trained in police 
procedures.  We are warriors and healers, not policemen."

         Goto considered his options.  If he went back, there would be 
people gunning for him.  And the riot...had it really been necessary?  
The more he thought about it, the more he was displeased with his 
choice.  GENOM had deserved destruction, but still...  "Why me?"

         "Because you are a very intelligent man.  Because you can be 
plucked out of time without changing the timeline.  Because I admire 
your skills.  We have other options, but I believe you are the best we 
could find for this task.  It will not be easy; the building of Crystal Tokyo 
will take work, and at first, there will be much work for the police until 
our plans come to fruition.  But it will be work of which you can be 
proud."

         "All right.  I'll do it," he decided.  He wasn't normally one for 
impulse decisions, but his curiosity was drawing him onward.  To 
Crystal Tokyo.  To the future.  "So what year are we going to?"

        "2992 AD.  Which will one day be known as Serenity Year 1.  Let us 
go..."

         They vanished in a flash of light. 

************

        Madoka sat quietly by Kyosuke and held his hand.  "I'm just so
glad you're alive and well."

        "Do you know if Hikaru is okay?"

         "I don't know.  I haven't seen her at all today."

        "I'm just fine,"  cut in a voice.  Hikaru appeared and hugged
Kyosuke, who could still manage a blush.  "My EMP idea worked
pretty well."

        "You nearly made the fusion reactor melt down, though."

         Hikaru paled.  "Fusion reactor?  There's a fusion reactor inside
Mega-Tokyo?"

         Madoka nodded.

         Hikaru sat down hard.  "Damnit, I forgot about that thing!  I
nearly destroyed the entire city."  There was horror in her voice.

         "Well, it all worked out for the best,"  Kyosuke said.  "Don't
blame yourself for what didn't happen."

         "Z and X are dead.  That...That's finally over."

        "Good,"  Madoka said.  "You got your revenge."

        "You killed them?"

         "Officer Shinohara duelled X to the death and I could feel Z
die...I guess the three beings were all sort of connected to each
other, parts of a greater whole."

         "So it's all over,"  Kyosuke said.

         "Here's to happily ever after!"  Madoka said

************

       Nameless and bereft of the structure that had given it order and
purpose, IT floated in subspace.  IT lived to destroy, to kill, to
unleash the thousand fears and million nightmares that had given it
birth.  A hundred thousand names fought for control within its mind,
and IT simply floated, an amorphous ever-changing mass in search
of something strong enough for IT to join with.

       Bits of it drifted away, sundering from the mass and siphoning
off into the many beings that dwelt in subspace and lived on the
power of dreams and nightmares.  They took on a darker tone, but
then those attuned to its power were already dark in nature.

       Under normal conditions, IT might have wandered for millenia
until something arose to give IT a new birth.  But conditions were not
normal.  SHIVA had been a creation of science, a machine.
Machines can and usually are duplicated.  Walyn had been too wise
to entrust his revenge to a single machine.  The first law of
computers is to ALWAYS make backups.

        Somewhere in subspace, KALI came on line.  Its emergent
mind became a beacon for IT, which began to drift towards the
being.  It would take years for the mindless IT to find ITs way to
KALI, but then....a new dance would begin with a new dancer.

        For the dance of destruction goes ever on as does its
competitor, the dance of life, two partners joined in the great spiral
of time.

************

       Within that spiral, another dancer stood with her new
companions and friends.  Linna was wrapt in flames of joy.  For a
time, she stood with Urd, Belldandy, and Skuld, and they simply
smiled at one another.  Words could not express what they felt, so
they used no words.  Finally, though, a thought took her and she had
to speak.  "So what do I do for an encore?"

        They all laughed heartily.  Finally, Urd said, "You have three
choices.  First, you could choose to stay with us, joining us in our
duties.  You are our sister now, born in earth, cleansed in water,
passed through the fire, and dancing in the wind.  Long have we
awaited you, and joyfully we would welcome you to stay."

         Belldandy spoke next.  "Or you could return to your friends.
They too have need of you and would welcome you.  Your abilities
would be limited, though much greater than they were before your
rebirth, for we are forbidden to use our full power upon the Earth,
except under special circumstances."

        Skuld was the third.  "Or, if you chose, you could become a
normal human once more.  To be one of us brings heavy duties as
well as powers.  Not everyone wants such power.  The choice is
yours."

         Linna didn't even need to think about it.  "I think I'll take
Belldandy's option.  I'm not ready to say farewell to the Earth yet."
She paused.  "You will be able to come visit me, right?"

         Belldandy smiled.  "Of course.  You'll watch over my children
for me, won't you?  I..."  Her voice saddened for a moment.  "I
couldn't even say goodbye to them."

       "Of course I will."  Linna suddenly realized she knew who all of
Belldandy's children were and where to find them.  They had shared
much when they had performed the great rite.  "So how do I go
back?"

        Skuld said, "I'll take you.  I'll come back later and we'll figure
out what your best travel method is."

        Belldandy removed an earring from her ear and pinned it to
Linna's ear.  "I won't be needing this.  This is a limiter earring.  It
will keep your powers at a low level.  Don't remove it without orders 
from
Kamisama."

        "Or a good excuse,"  Urd said.

        "This is why Urd is STILL only Second Class,"  Skuld said.

         Urd humphed.

         Skuld took Linna's hand and suddenly, Linna found herself
rising out of the fountain in the new park.  Everyone was milling
about, and no one even noticed the two of them.  Skuld smiled,
hugged Linna and vanished, dropping into the water and out of sight.
Linna swiftly realized how cold the water was and leaped out of it.
"Iya!"

        Many people turned.  Linna spotted Priss and ran over to her.
"Nene, get over here!"  she ordered.

        Priss just stared at Linna.  "You're alive.  You're really alive.
In fact, you..."  She stared at Linna's forehead.

        Linna smiled.  "No more inferiority complexes for me, thank
you."

        Priss hugged Linna tightly as Nene ran over.  "What, what?"
Nene asked.

        Linna dragged Nene into the hug.  "Where's Celia?"

        Nene pointed over to one knot of people.  Tenchi, Ryouko,
Aeka, Celia, Sasami, Meylia, and Macky were all talking to each
other by one tree.  "Yo, CELIA!  GET YER ROYAL BUTT OVER
HERE!"  Nene laughed.  "I'll bet she thinks you said that."

        Celia started, turned, and saw Linna.  She ran over.
"Linna...you're really alive?"

        "Yeah.  Gotta find a new boyfriend, though."

         Celia laughed and joined the group hug.  "We've won.  It's
finally over...the battle we've fought all these years."  She looked
around.  "Nene...was that you?  I felt this presence and..."

        Nene smiled shyly.  "I bet I really confused Ryu."  She laughed.
"Yeah, it was me.  I can hardly believe it was all real.  I just wish my
boyfriend was here."

        Ryu and Manami popped out of nowhere.  "Nene...Umm, I
need to talk to you."

        "Please tell this idiot he was NOT kissed by God, okay?"
Manami said.

         "You weren't kissed by God,"  Nene said.

         "If they throw me down the well, like they did to Jeremiah, I
can just teleport out,"  Ryu mused.  "Not that I want to be a prophet,
but..."

         "See!  Even Nene agrees with me!"  Manami said.
         "You were kissed by a goddess,"  Nene said.

         Ryu nodded.  "Right.  That leaves a lot of potential divine
beings..."

         Nene walked over to Ryu and wrapped her arms around him.
"The only goddess I want to see you worshipping is me."  She kissed
him, and soon he realized he wasn't going to have to start wearing
sackcloth and ashes.

************

       Jonny sat quietly in the living room of the Quest family Florida
base, watching CNN.  Strange reports were coming in from all over
the world, inexplicable healings, repairings, fires going out for no
reason, sudden truces.  It was an outbreak of peace on a global
scale, fragile, but a single moment in which the world took its
mandated five minute break from the usual round of disasters.

         There was an outrushing of air behind him and two familiar
hands settled down onto his shoulders.  "Hi, darling."  Hikaru kissed
him.

         He laughed and pulled her over the couch and down on top of
him.  "So what have you been up to THIS time?"

         She sagged a bit.  "The bomb...I didn't think about
how...about...Mega-Tokyo has a fusion reactor and..."

        "..."  He hadn't thought about it either.  "Hikaru-chan, I didn't
think of it either and..."

        She began to cry and cry and cry without ceasing.

************

        Kanuka McClaine raised her glass of wine, "To Chief Goto.
May his spirit rest in peace.  We shall not forget."  She, her
husband, Asuma, Noa, Shige, Hiromi, Takeo, and Ohta were dining
at Noa's restaurant, now fixed thanks to...the Miracle, as some
people called it.  It had fixed everything, but it didn't bring back Goto
from wherever he had vanished to.  From what little they had been
able to piece together, he had probably been blown to bits by a
missile into his hotel room.

        Ohta raised his glass, "And to all those who have fallen in
pursuit of their duty.  We will never forget."  They all took a sip.  The
meeting was mixed with joy and sadness.  They had triumphed, but
at a cost.  No one had ever died in the old days.  Some of them
were dead now, and their leader was gone.  He had shaped and
reshaped their lives in ways big and small.  It was a time to
remember him and the times they had spent together.

         John McClaine listened quietly.  He was an outsider, and he
knew it.  He would never quite fully be a part of his wife's old circle
of friends.  Each of them had developed new interests, new
connections, a new life, but for all of them it was rooted in the
experiences they had shared, experiences he had not had.  And yet,
it was a beautiful thing to watch.  Most of his old friends were dead
now.  Something had happened to him in his past.  After adulthood,
his life had started to become a death curse, it seemed.  He had lost
his first wife, his children in yet another terrorist disaster.  Every
vacation became a disaster.  Kanuka had pulled him out of all that.
She had changed his life and made him want to live again.  If being
with her meant listening to people talk about things he didn't know
about or understand for hours, praising a man he barely knew, it was
a small price to pay.  The kids will never believe this story, though,
he thought.

************

     Washuu put down the glass of Altairian wine.  She and Youshou
were seated in her lab's special film viewing room, with floating
plush chairs, each with its own wet bar and a stadium sized screen.
The screen flickered and turned black.  "Now you see where the plan
for that trial chamber came from.  My uncle designed those tribunal
rooms for the Third Galactic Empire."

       Youshou thought for a moment.  "I suppose you must have a lot
of valuable historical information and films and pictures and other
things stashed away in your collection."

        Wasyuu smiled.  "What will you give me for them?"

         Youshou laughed.  "I'll talk to Father...if he doesn't kill me on
my return."

        Wasyuu sighed.  "My one regret from all this is I never did find
out what I most wanted to learn."

         Youshou cocked his head.  "What?"

       She paused for a moment, then said, "Shiva may have had one
of my relatives in captivity and I'll never know now, unless he shows
up.  He's probably dead.  One of Shiva's creations was possessing
him...if that was him."

        "The fellow who looked like Mihoshi?  Wallace, I think?"

         She nodded.  "Yes."

        "He did look rather like your son might have, when he grew up."

        Wasyuu started.  "How did you..."

        Youshou smiled.  "Like you, I always know more than I let on."

        "Like how you and Tsunami planned for you to be 'trapped' on
the Earth for 700 years."

        Youshou nodded before he realized he'd just been suckered.
"How did you find THAT out?"

        Wasyuu smiled, "That would be telling."

************

       Meiko Morisato sat quietly at her computer waiting for the
phone to ring.  She was working on a report, but really she was
waiting for some news of her parents.  Her sister Keiko didn't know
anything, but if Mom hadn't been the one who teleported her into
Meiko's bed, then who was?  It had been two days since the Great
Tokyo Riot, but she still hadn't heard anything.  The cops had no
proof of their death, none of her relatives knew anything...but they
hadn't called either.  Deep in her heart, she feared the worst.

        There was a knock on the door.  She got up, fear warring with
hope in her heart.  There was a woman at the door, dressed in a
rather nice business dress.  The headband marred the effect
somewhat, though.

         Meiko said, "Um, hello?"

         The woman smiled sadly.  "Hi, are you Morisato Meiko?"

          She nodded.  "Yes."

         "I'm your aunt, Yamazaki Linna.  Your mother and father sent
me.  Can I come in?  I have some news for you."

         Many people would have been nonplussed when someone
they had never seen before showed up claiming to be their aunt...but
then most people haven't seen their relatives turn into turnips and
bunny rabbits among other things.  Meiko invited her in.

***********

        Chief Todo finished writing out his resignation papers.  He had
had enough.  When it came down to the crunch, I folded, he thought.
Not that many people could have done any better...I'm too old for
this.  I don't want to spend the rest of my life looking for the
boogeyman over my shoulder.  Something entirely bizarre happened
two days ago, and I don't know if I really want to find out.

         He looked around his cubicle in one of the Government's
office buildings.  With ADPolice HQ totally trashed, they had moved
him here.  He knew they were planning to sacrifice him to the
masses.  ADPolice takes the blame again.  Too bad we can't take
the credit for...whatever happened.  The Miracle.  There were
reports of everything from broken toasters fixing themselves to
people rising from the dead.  He could almost believe that last part.
Lieutenant Yamano had gotten her leg blown off right in front of him.
Two minutes later...whatever happened happened, and then she had
a new leg.

         There was a knock on the door.  He yelled, "Come on in."

         The door opened and Romanova Nene walked in.  "Are you
really going to resign?"

        Chief Todo blinked.  "Has someone been reading my mind?
This was supposed to be a secret."

       "Leon's got a big mouth, I guess."

        How the hell did Leon find out?  I don't REMEMBER telling
him, Todo thought.  "The ADPolice are a wreck and I don't have the
strength to rebuild this organization.  I'm too old for this and I've had
enough.  I feel like someone's been playing games with me, and I
don't want to play if I don't know the rules.  With no clue as to what's
really going on, I just...I just want out of all this mess."

         Nene nodded.  "Do you REALLY want to know what's going
on, Chief?"

        He cocked his head.  "You know something about all this,
Romanova?"

       "I was part of it.  Some of this will sound crazy, but I think you
deserve to know."

       "Right now, I'd almost be willing to believe Leon was the tooth
fairy.  'Sock it to me.'"  The last sentence was in English as he
quoted a show that had been old when he was young.

       Nene cocked her head.  "Eh?  What does that mean?  What
about socks?"

        He laughed.  "Tell it like it is."

        "Okay, it all started with this alien scientist..."

        Chief Todo never did figure out if Nene had gone mad or if this 
was just a practical joke.   Or if it was somehow the truth.  He soon 
decided he didn't really want to know for sure.  Life was much simpler
after his resignation.  And that was what he decided he really wanted.  

************

       The funeral was over.  Kyousuke stood and gazed upon the
gravestones.  Every one of them was an accusation.  The moment of their
death was burned into his mind.  Over and over, he kept thinking there had
to have been some way to prevent their deaths.  He had been so stressed
out that he didn't think about using his time travel power at the time,
and now...he was afraid to.  Afraid he'd just make it worse; that power
never quite worked right for him.  

       Madoka stood by him, a hand on his arm, silently supporting him.
She wouldn't accuse him, he knew.  She was too busy accusing herself.  The
family hadn't condemned him for the deaths; everyone knew what they were
risking.  But he just couldn't stop.  He didn't know how.  He couldn't be
as callous about it as some of the other survivors seemed to be; he'd seen
war, but it had been different, probably because he had been a war
correspondent, not a warrior himself.  

      He nearly fell down from shock when a hand landed on his shoulder.
Whoever it was had approached so silently that he hadn't even suspected
they existed, nor could he feel their mind.  As he got older, he had begun
to sense people without having to see them; he'd never really gotten good
at telepathy, but he did have the mind sense that was part of it.  

      Spinning around, he saw a man he hadn't expected to see.  His name
was Jonathon Quest, Hikaru's husband, who Kyousuke had never gotten along
with.  He didn't need psychic powers to know why; Jonathon (Kyousuke never
thought of him as Jonny no matter how many times Hikaru called him that)
was jealous of his old relationship with Hikaru.  Why he was so silly when
it had been decades ago, Kyousuke had no clue.  It wasn't a burning,
raging jealousy, but it tended to come out at bad times.  Like every time
they met.  "I need to talk to you."  His voice was serious, different than
it usually was when they met.

       "About?"  

       The brief glance at Madoka was enough of a clue for her, though not
for Kyousuke.  She said, "I'm going to go see how Manami and Kurumi are
doing.  I'll be back in a few minutes."  She walked away quietly before
Kyousuke could protest.

       "Hikaru borrowed an EMP device from me for use in the...recent
events.  Now, she's feeling guilty about it because it likely contributed
to the near melt down of the fusion reactor here in Mega-Tokyo.  I'm not
feeling too good myself because I didn't think of that either, but I'm not
the problem.  She's feeling very guilty, and..."

       I know how she feels, he thought.  She remembered that at the
hospital, but I...She left before I really started thinking about
everything that had happened.  "You want me to come cheer her up."

       Jonathon looked embarrassed.  "Or something.  She's feeling
pointlessly guilty.  You can't know the future.  Everyone makes mistakes;
the important thing is to admit them and deal with the consequences.  Not
to just...wallow in it.  And she's wallowing, and when Hikaru wallows,
I've NEVER been able to get her to stop."  He sighed.  "There aren't too
many people that Hikaru will listen to when she's in a funk, but I was
hoping that you and Madoka would come and talk to her."  His voice was a
little strained now, and he kept looking at anything but Kyousuke.  "She
needs her friends."

       "I'm not exactly a source of cheer right now,"  Kyousuke said
quietly, glancing back at the freshly dug graves.

      "Well, maybe your wife will feel up to it," Jonathon said.  He
turned and walked over to Madoka, leaving Kyousuke to stare at the
tombstones.

      He's right, Kyousuke thought.  We don't know the future, but I
just...The faces swam into his vision.  Each of them laughing, what they
had looked like as children.  He shook his head, trying to drive the
images away.  Hikaru, you have no reason to feel guilty, he thought.  No
one died because of any mistakes you made.  Of course, she must be feeling
the exact same thing right now, he thought.  

     He glanced over at Jonathon, who was talking quietly with Manami and
Kurumi and Madoka.  Why didn't Hikaru come with him, he wondered.  Is she
that broken up?  She was, he realized.  Hikaru was like that; very
emotional.  If he felt this bad...

     I can't help the dead, but I can help the living, he thought.  He
walked over to Jonathon and said, "Let's go."

************

       Aeka and Manami sat on a bench in the small park inside Tokyo
University.  "I'm sorry I tried to strangle you, daughter.  I just...I
just..."  She twitched.  "Funaho-san did too good a job of teaching
me etiquette."

         Manami laughed faintly.  "You did a very good job of passing it
on to me.  This would never have happened if I hadn't come to
college on Earth."

        "Well, we all do wild and crazy things when we're young.  Some
of the things we all did in college...If Father found out, he'd nail us
upside down on the outside of the Palace for a week."

        Manami blinked.  "Like what?"

        A head suddenly stuck itself up through the bench.  It was
Ryouko.  "Like the time she snuck Tenchi into our dorm after visiting
hours were over and we had to dress him up as a woman to get him
out of the building."

         "Couldn't you have just teleported him out?"

         Aeka slapped her forehead and muttered something.

         Ryouko's eyes glinted.  "That wouldn't have been any fun, now
would it?  Besides, I think Aeka-chan LIKED seeing Tenchi dressed
up in her clothing.  You should see the games they play in their
bedroom."

         Manami blushed.  Aeka stared hard at Ryouko, "And how would
YOU know?"

          "I taught you some of them."

         Aeka howled and tried to grab Ryouko, who teleported a few
feet away and ran with Aeka in hot pursuit.  Tenchi walked up now.
"NOW what are they up to?"

         "Did they really dress you up as a girl to sneak you out of their
dorm room, Dad?"

         Tenchi sighed.  "Let me guess, the lime sherbert incident
came up?"

          "It happened more than once?"

          Tenchi slapped his forehead and sighed.  "Okay, here's the
whole story.  It all started when their dorm got a new Manager..."

************

      Celia's housewarming party for her new penthouse also had to
function as a going-away party for Tenchi and company, for they
didn't dare risk staying any longer for fear the Emperor would come
looking for them with a fleet again.  It was the party with the highest
quotient of scarily powerful people that the Earth had seen in a long
time, or would see in a long time.

        Tenchi and his wives took the opportunity to spend some last
moments with their children before returning home.  "Yes, Mom, I
promise I WILL not wear that outfit next time I see Grandfather,"
Manami promised for the fourth time.

       "She'll borrow one of Priss' outfits instead,"  Nene said.  She
was sitting between Ryu and Manami on one couch, while Tenchi
sat between his wives on a facing couch.

        Ryouko laughed.  "I'll give you my priceless Chalcedonian
Diamond if you do that, Manami!"

        Aeka paled.  Tenchi laughed.  "I don't think that would be too
wise."

       "Hey, Priss is royal too.  We can tell Grandfather that it's the
royal costume of Earth's royalty.  How would he know?"  Ryu said,
smiling.

        "He's not insane, Ryu,"  Aeka said.  "There's never been a
royal line that dressed like that."

         A bell pinged, and Wasyuu appeared.  "Actually, it's exactly
identical to the royal garb of the planet Gerontia."  She pulled down
a diagram and produced a pointer.  "You see, if we look at these
eighth dynasty wall paintings..."

        Ryouko began to laugh.  Aeka blushed.  "A royal family
ACTUALLY dressed like that?"

        Ryouko said, "No, that's a copy of the album cover of the
second album of a cleegery band named Gerontia from Orion XI.
They're all ex-royalty, but then Orion XI is smarmy with ex-royalty."

        Wasyuu humphed.  "Spoil my fun, will you?"

************

       Across the party, Celia and Usagi were trading stories while
Priss, Macky, Leon and Mamoru were playing pool on Celia's new
pool table.  "So then Priss and Linna start arguing over which one of
them actually killed the third boomer.  Priss claims she blew its head
off, while Linna is arguing she cut off its legs.  Meanwhile, we're
waiting for the smoke to clear, when suddenly, Linna gets blasted
across the room by an energy blast.  The third boomer is still alive.  I
manage to kill it, and finally the smoke clears.  There's dozens of
boomers.  We panic and all open fire like maniacs while Nene runs
and hides.  More smoke.  When that clears, we realize we just
mowed down dozens of mannequins.  We even found the one that
Linna had cut the legs off of the previous time and the one that Priss
had blown off its head.  Luckily, we didn't have any witnesses or we
would have been pretty embarrassed."  She paused and watched
Leon bounce a shot off all four sides of the pool table without
actually hitting anything but the cueball.

       Priss laughed.  "Nice going, Mr. officer.  I guess you learned
that at the Police Academy?"

      "Nice setting me up too."  Macky sank the six, then the four,
then missed his next shot.

       Leon fumed quietly as Mamoru carefully lined up for a shot.

        Usagi said, "Go, Mamo-chan, go!"  She danced about him,
waving fans.  Naturally, he missed the shot, unable to concentrate.
She frowned.  "Did I distract you?"

        He smiled.  "It's okay.  Just go do that to Priss when she takes
her shot."

         "I'll just stay back here with Celia and get out of your way."
Usagi went back to Celia.  Priss breathed a big sigh of relief and
took her shot.  She sank the cueball.

         Leon smirked.  "Nice going, Ms. idol singer.  That's a pool cue,
not a microphone, by the way."

         "Har, har.  At least I sank SOMETHING."

         Usagi sat back down by Celia, "At least your mannequins
didn't come to life.  Mako-chan and I went to this tailor to get fitted
and all the mannequins had demons in them, but we didn't know
that.  We're getting fitted, and it's like, SO boring.  I was really
tired, so I fell asleep.  I didn't wake up until Mako shook me awake.  The 
reason she did that was that one of the mannequins was trying to
strangle me with a tape measure.  So then..."

************

       "So are you going to be a boy or a girl now, poppa?"  Hotaru
asked Haruka.  Haruka wasn't really her poppa, but she had come to
use the affectionate nickname during an earlier period of her life and
it had stuck with her.

        "I don't know.  I'm sort of used to being a boy now, though I
ought to be a girl.  I seem to be able to change back and forth.  I
always could, but I guess I forgot that all those years.  This will
simplify one thing, though..."

         "What?"

         "Having children.  Although, given that in forty years, Michiru
and I didn't have any children..."  He stared at his hands as if he expected 
to find some secret written there.  Perhaps he just couldn't read it very 
well.

        A voice spoke from nearby.  "That's because the crystal
rendered you all infertile during those forty years.  To be more
precise, it rendered you largely unchanging, which precluded
pregnancy, one of the biggest of all possible changes."  It was
Setsuna.  She sat down by Hotaru.  "How are you feeling?"

        "As good as I ever do.  So the crystal did all that?"

        "To be more precise, Usagi's will through the crystal.  She
willed it to save you.  It chose to interpret that in its own way.  It's
not fully sentient, but it bears the mark of its creators."

        "The five ruling wizards,"  Hotaru said.

        Setsuna nodded.  "Especially Serenity and Vulcan, for it holds
a part of her soul and he forged it."

        "I guess we'll have a time of peace now,"  Haruka said.  "Or is
the usual round of missions about to start again?"

        Setsuna smiled.  "Enjoy this indian summer while you can.  A
time of darkness is coming, but you will have a few years to prepare
before the deluge."
        "It never ends, does it?"

        "Wait until you're my age."

         Haruka shuddered.  "How do you keep your sanity?"

         Someone blonde and impish shouted across the room, "Who
says she has?"  She would come to regret that in days to come.

************

       Time passed and people flowed around the rooms.  Priss found
herself playing poker with Usagi, Sylvie and Anri.  "I bid five hundred
yen."  Pair of twos sucks rocks, she thought.  Better than nothing, I
guess, though.

        Usagi had a smile the size of Mount Olympus.  "I raise you
2,500 yen."

        Anri thought hard.  "I see your bid and raise you twenty yen."

        Sylvie looked at her cards.  "I'd never guess you two were
sisters."

         Usagi cocked her head.  "What makes you say that?  I bet
we'd look a lot alike if Priss did up her hair like me."

        Sylvie looked at her cards again and frowned.  "I fold."  She
turned to Usagi.  "You play cards like Mom, except for the not
cheating part, while Priss doesn't."

         Priss shook her head in confusion.  "Wait, are you saying one
of us cheats?"

         "No, no.  Mom cheats, but other than that, she and Usagi play
the same way, unlike you."

         Priss looked at her cards.  "I see Anri's raise and...hmmm."
She thought a moment.  "So how do I play?"

         "With Usagi, I can just look at her face and know what she
has.  With you, you could have anything.  You always frown at your
hand, no matter how good it is, while Usagi wears her hand on her
sleeve, so to speak."  She looked down at her cards.  "You always
underbid, too.  Even when you have a winning hand, I don't think
you ever realize it."

          Priss looked at her cards.  What the heck, maybe I can bluff
Usagi.  She grinned.  "I do, do I?  I'll raise 2000 yen, then.  That
should make up for my underbidding."

         Sylvie scribbled something on a scrap of paper.  "Open this
after Anri bids."  She passed it to Priss.

         Usagi looked carefully at her hand.  "Hmm.  I'll see you and
raise you 100."

         Anri looked at her cards.  "No way.  Fold."

         Priss read out the note from Sylvie, "Anri folds."  She looked
up.  "Did you read her mind or something?"

        "Anri plays cautiously.  I knew that would scare her off."

        "Am I that predictable?"

        "Poker is a microcosm of the soul.  Anyway, It's your bid,
Priss."

        Priss looked over at Usagi.  "I raise you 2000 more."

        Usagi sweated.  "2000 MORE?"

        Priss nodded.  "Ready to give me all your money, sis?"

        Usagi sighed.  "Fold."

         Priss laughed and scooped up the money.  "You left out one
thing, Sylvie.  Sometimes I go for broke, especially when it seems
like I can't win.  I'm most dangerous when cornered."

         "What did you have, anyway?"  Usagi asked as Anri began to
shuffle the cards.  "I had four Queens."

        "Pair of twos."  Priss said, smirking.

        The resulting scream nearly shattered the nearby window.

************

       Youshou and Meylia sat in a quiet corner and talked.  "So
you've decided to stay here a while?"

       Meylia nodded.  "I want to spend some more time with my
grandchildren in peace while I still can.  I'm not quite ready to play at
being royalty."

       Youshou smiled.  "It can be a rather dangerous game at times,
and deadly at others.  You will come when Nene comes, though,
won't you?"

        "Celia and Macky will be going then as well, right?"

        Youshou nodded.  "And the others.  There will be many people
for Father to meet.  Perhaps he'll even like some of them."

       "Is he really that bad?"

       "No, but he doesn't like to be defied, and this will only remind
him of past...actions of like kind."

       Meylia cocked her head.  "Like what?"

       "Well, there was the way I ended up coming to Earth.  You
see..."

************

      Kiyone frowned as Mihoshi took her shot.  This time it was a
bank shot off one end of the table, a lamp, and a bottle of wine.  She
sank the six and the four, though.  Unfortunately, she also left a hard
to remove stain on the brand new carpet.  Leon sighed.  "Celia's not
going to be happy."

       Linna laughed.  "She shouldn't have told Mihoshi about this pool
table, then."

       Mihoshi's second shot bounced off the eight-ball and flew into
the air, clonking Kiyone in the head.  "Sorry!  I didn't realize your
head was there."

       "OWWW!!!!"

        Kiyone chased Mihoshi around the room with her pool cue.
She whapped Mihoshi in the head.  "Oh, I didn't realize YOUR head
was there!"

       Leon watched them run.  "Does this count as a forfeit?"

       "Good question."  Linna thought for a moment.  "So what's
going to happen to the ADPolice?"

       "I wish I knew.  GENOM-Japan has been nationalized, and the
rest of the corporation is getting pressed pretty hard worldwide.  A lot
of dirt all floated to the top of the sewer at once, so to speak.  The
remaining boomers..."  Leon trailed off.

       "They what?"

        "They've organized a political party and they're agitating for
citizenship.  Also, we've had no boomer crime or malfunctions
since...the Great Riot.  ADPolice hasn't really had anything to do.
Whatever happened seems to have fixed all the boomers.  ALL the
boomers.  We're talking world wide.  There hasn't been a single
boomer rampage on Earth in the last two weeks.  It's a good thing,
because our organization is in chaos.  We'll be repairing our
headquarters for months. "

      Kiyone chased Mihoshi right out the door of the room.

      Leon said, "I'm glad my partner and I don't have those kinds of
problems."

      "I just hope they don't kill me when I'm working with them."

       "You're joining the Galaxy Police?"

       "I might.  I'm going to train with Kiyone and Mihoshi for a while.
I can hear the strings being pulled as we speak."  She laughed.  "I
won't be too far away.  They're assigned to this solar system for a while 
again.  Being Knights of Jurai as well as Galaxy Police has its
advantages."

        Leon thought for a moment, trying to figure out how to ask.
"Linna, did I..."

        She nodded.  "Yes."

         "What are you?"  His voice was light, but Linna could sense it
had taken a lot of effort for him to get the words out.  She was
getting used to it.  No one quite knew what to make of her.  Some of
them had seen things they didn't understand.  She had died and
come back.  They didn't know what to make of her.  Sometimes she
didn't know either.

       "I'm your friend, Linna Yamazaki.  I'm not the same as I was,
but I'm still as human as you.  I may wander around with glowing
things on my forehead sometimes now, but so do half the people at
this party."  Linna laughed.  

        Leon looked around, then said quietly, "I know.  I don't know
what to make of all this.  I'm just an ordinary guy whose girlfriend is
a magical princess.  One of my ex-partners is an alien, Nene's ...I'm
not even sure WHAT Nene is anymore either, and..."

        Linna nodded.  "I know just how you feel.  I felt like that
before...I learned what I truly was.  What we all are."

        Leon looked quizzically at her.

        "We're all part of the same dance, Leon.  A dance that has no
ending.  We may change our roles in the dance, but we're all still
part of it.  Even after we die, we will dance on.  And every dancer is
just as important, just as wonderful in the eyes of the Most High as
the next.  It doesn't matter if you are high or low, for the last will be
first and the first will be last."  I sound like a Kung-Fu master, she 
thought.  Or a minister.

        "I just don't know how Priss and I can..."

        Linna walked over to Leon.  "She loves you.  Believe in that.
Know that she needs you.  She may be able to kick off the head of
boomers now, but she needs you.  You can give her something no
one else can.  Just because a person doesn't need you to physically
protect them doesn't mean they have no need for you at all."

         "I want to believe that, but..."

         "Then do it.  Believe.  She wants your love, give it to her.
Don't worry about who can kick who's butt and how fast.  You can
never have enough power to protect everyone, to perfectly achieve
your goals.  If you worry about power, you'll only slowly wear away
your soul like water lapping at a rock.  Besides, I'm sure Wasyuu
can help you if you're really worried about that."

         Wasyuu stuck her head in the door.  "Looking for a power
upgrade, Leon?  Good!  I could use a guinea pig for a few
experiments..."  She ran over and started to drag him off as Linna
laughed.

         Priss never did get a straight answer on why Leon had purple
hair for a while or why small metal objects sometimes flew across
the room and stuck to his arms and legs.

************

    Ryu sat on his bed in his dorm room with Aeka.  "Sorry the place
is such a mess, Mom."

      Aeka smiled.  "Your mother's half of the room was just like this
back in our college days."  She paused, as if she expected a certain
someone to make a rebuttal, but nothing happened.  She continued,
"I'd almost be disappointed if it wasn't."

        She got up and walked over to Ryu's desk, picking up a photo
from the desk.  It was a shot of Ryu with Nene.  She was standing,
holding a hunting rifle, with one foot on a boomer head.  They both
looked pretty silly in safari outfits.  "You're going to have a hard time
getting this past Father, you know."

        "He wouldn't expect any less from Ryouko's child."  Ryu sighed.

        "Father likes Ryouko, though he won't show it.  The problem is
the nobility.  Father has to take them into account.  Ryouko at least
had the advantage of being vastly powerful and highly qualified to
be the future Emperor's champion."  She put down the picture, then
hopped up onto the desk, surprising Ryu.  Normally, his step-mother
would never sit on a desk like that.  It wasn't...It wasn't her thing.
She had grabbed a pillow off his bed to sit on and another one for her
back as she leaned against the wall.

       "It could easily be hundreds of years before I inherit.  Nene will
have plenty of time to become all powerful, or whatever.  And you
saw what she did."

        "She was a vessel for powers greater than herself."

       "It didn't all leave her, though.  By the time I even have to think
about the throne, she'll be a lot scarier than she is.  Plus, she's got
Grandma building her some scary stuff."  Ryu got up, walked over,
and sat down next to Aeka on the desk.  "I think she'll hold her own."

        "And we've got to find you another bride."

        Ryu sighed.  "I don't know where we'll find someone who gets
along with Nene the way you do with Mom.  I mean, not that Nene is
hard to get along with, but..."

        Aeka cocked her head slightly.  "You think we get along well?"

        Ryu turned his head to face Aeka.  "You two may act
sometimes like you hate each other, and maybe you did once, but
it's ALL an act now.  You just act like that because you don't know
how else to deal with each other."

        Aeka smiled faintly.  "Good thing I didn't go into Acting, I
suppose, then."

        Ryouko NOW stuck her head through the wall to make a
comment, but got a pillow in the face before she could speak.  A
pillow brawl was soon in progress.

************

       A car quietly pulled up at the base of the hill on which sat the
remains of the Cherry Hill Temple.  A woman stepped out alone and
quietly walked up the hill.  Even in the depths of amnesia, she had
not forgotten this place, merely chosen to ignore it.  Yet, it called her
back.  It was part of a chapter in her life that she had closed, but not
closed well.

        She could hear her grandfather's voice, happy, sad, crying,
screaming, laughing, all around her.  She looked about the burnt out
ruins and felt his presence.  Not his ghost, but her memories of him.
He had died during the Millenial Riots.  Five labors had rampaged
through the temple.  They had knocked down the walls, slain her
grandfather, and doused the sacred fire, though it had melted one of
them to slag.  Unfortunately, in the process of dousing it, the labor
had knocked some of it out of its pit and set the rest of the building
on fire.

        For a year, she had plunged into a pit of despair.  She had
slowly been drifting away from the temple life before that, due to
college and the time pressures of her Senshi life.  After the riots,
there was no temple to return to.  She had raged against the gods,
raged against herself for not being there.  She couldn't even
remember why she hadn't been there when her grandfather needed
her.

         Her friends had done their best to comfort her, but they hadn't
been successful.  She couldn't stand to go near a temple anymore,
for it reminded her of her grandfather's death.  The kamis he had
served had let him die, she felt.  Looking back on it now, she could
see she had been a complete idiot, but at the time, it had seemed
logical.

        A chance encounter with her uncle had set her on the path she
followed.  He gave her the comfort she needed and the assurance
she desired.  It had been a slow uphill road.  She had turned back to
the faith of her childhood.  For a time, she had been uncertain, but
then one day...

                                                  *         *       *

        Rei waved goodbye to Yuiichiro.  He had to get to work.  It was
hard for the two of them to get by, but she was determined to make
the effort.  Her parents would have helped her out, but she didn't
want charity.  She sat in the coffeeshop and nursed her coffee.  If I
finally get a recording contract, then I can pull my own weight in this
partnership.  They were both working at a bookstore right now.

         He had changed, but so had she.  What worried her, was that
he had changed for the better, while she felt like she had changed
for the worse.  I'm just drifting, she thought, then silenced the
thought.  I have a job.  I have a boyfriend.  I've finally got a solid
lead on getting a record contract and then I can do what I really want
to do.  Sing.

       "If I had some idea what I wanted to sing about," she muttered.

       A woman said, "Are you Hino Rei?"  She was tall and gorgeous,
her oddly spikey brown hair contrasting with her more conservative,
though luxurious clothing.  Rei blinked again when she realized the
woman had a blue tattoo on her forehead.

       "Why yes, I am.  Do I know you?"  Maybe we went to college
together, Rei thought.

       "I represent Saint Brigit's Academy.  I understand you attended
the T&A Academy and you got your bachelor's in Music?"

        Rei nodded.  "Yes.  I'm looking for a recording contract right
now."

        "Would you be interested in becoming music director for our
chapel choir?  According to your old instructors at the T&A, you
helped organize several school festivals and performed as well.
Your instructors at the university spoke highly of you as well.  We're
just getting started, so we can only pay you 3.5 million yen a year,
but..."

        Rei stared.  That much for a starting position with no
experience?  Doing something she liked?  "I'll take it.  When do I
start?"

       The woman smiled.  "I'll tell Sister Hanako you want the job.
She'll be very pleased."

        "Sister Hanako?  My old music teacher from T&A?"

        The woman nodded.  "She's teaching music for K-3 now with
us.  T&A was destroyed during the Millenial Riots, so the Bishop is
organizing a new school.  I'm not sure why we changed names,
but..."

         "Whatever.  When should I come by?"

         "Come by tomorrow morning at ten."

          "I will."  Rei gave thanks to something.  She wasn't quite sure
if it was God or the kamis or what, but this was a blessing from
Heaven.  She didn't even stop to ask herself how the woman had
known to find her here, or why she didn't see her again after that
meeting.  She didn't want to look this gift horse in the mouth.

                                                   *************

        That had tipped the balance.  She had slid back into
Catholicism by inches, and found it fit her.  The things that had
taken her away from it had fallen out of her life or didn't seem so
important anymore.  She had begun to dream again, and to see
things.  Slowly, a sense of being chosen settled upon her. 
Once, she had left the Church because she didn't agree with it on
several important issues.  Now, she felt that she could make it
change to agree with her.  Perhaps this was an act of colossal ego.

       However, she was right.  Things had changed and she could
take some of the credit for it.  Her faith grew and with it, mountains
could be moved.  The Third Vatican Council had been her triumph.
Twenty years of effort paid off.  She almost couldn't believe it was
real. She had fought monsters, working for the Sacred Office in the
shadows, defending humanity from things they preferred to think of as
imaginary.  She had argued doctrine in the halls of the Vatican and had a
screaming match with a Pope, though that was not a moment she chose 
to remember as one of her triumphs.  Her ordination had been the most
glorious moment of her life.  Becoming a bishop was important to her 
life work, but the ordination had been the key.  That was what she had 
been fighting for.  That was one of the crucial reasons she had originally 
left.  She had always wanted to be a sacred warrior, to be a champion of 
her faith, but it had been denied her.  Only men could be priests.  Instead 
of staying and fighting for what she believed in, she had sought another 
way, some way that would accept her and give her
what she needed.  For a time, she had found that with her grandfather, 
but then that had been stripped from her, in more ways than she even 
understood at the time.

        There was talk of her becoming Pope now, though she knew it
would be many years before that happened.  That she was a priest
was enough for her.  To be Bishop was good, but it was not power
that she had sought in all her spiritual wanderings, it was to find a
faith that accepted her and her strivings.  She had found that now.
She had fought for her beliefs and won.

       She looked around the wreckage of the temple, walking towards
the chamber of the sacred fire.  She didn't regret her time here,
anymore.  It had given her the confidence and strength she had
needed to fight the fight that had consumed two decades of her life,
the fight for the soul of the Church.

       She stepped into the old chamber of the fire, now open to the
sky, one wall cracked in half.  There were the remains of a recent
fire in the old fire pit.  Some bum, perhaps had lit his own fire where
once the kami had dwelt.  If I had never been a shrine maiden, I
would never have become a Bishop, she realized.  Ironic.  I had to
leave, in order to fully be present.  My faith had to die, in order to
live.

       Something caught her eye.  A hand mirror that someone had
abandoned here, in the place where sacrifices were typically placed,
sitting in the pit.  She walked over and picked it up, and gazed into a
face she had not seen in thirty years.  It was the woman who had
hired her for Saint Brigit's Academy.  "Hello, Rei."

        She nearly dropped the mirror.  "What in..."

        "You may think of me as an angel, if you like.  Or a kami."  Her
eyes twinkled.  "Or perhaps a saint, if you prefer."

        Rei frowned.  "Don't play games with me.  Saints don't typically
show up in mirrors."

        "What, you can't see your own reflection?"  The woman's voice
was soft and musical.

        Rei laughed faintly.  "I'm not that much of an egomaniac."  She
paused.  "So why have you come back?  Have you come to claim
some favor for what you did for me?"

        "I'm not here for your eldest child, if that's what you're
wondering."

        "I don't have any children."

        "Yet."

        Rei blinked.

         "Go to your old bedroom."

         Rei asked, "Why?"

         "Trust me."

        Rei was not a trusting person, but some part of her instinctively
knew she could trust this woman.  She went to her old bedroom.
The floor was caved in.  Someone had converted it to a firepit.  A
bum was sleeping by the fire that burned low in the pit in the middle.
She could almost sense a presence.  "My bedroom..."

        "Don't you recognize your old friend?"

        "Should I know this guy?"

       "I'm not talking about the guy."

        Rei stared into the fire, and she saw visions.  It had been so
long...hurt and confused during the riots, the sacred fire had burned
out of control, devastating the old temple, but then had repented of
what it had done.  For decades, a series of bums had tended it,
keeping it alive barely.  Inch by inch, more of the temple was
consumed to keep it alive.  Its time was running out.  There wasn't
much left that was flammable that could be moved without wrecking
equipment, even with the bums bringing in garbage.  I wonder what
the best way to move a fire through Tokyo is without causing it to go
out, she thought.

        She looked again at the battered old man who lay asleep by
the fire.  The fire whispered to her.  He had been an executive once,
then Genom had driven his company into bankruptcy and
successfully blacklisted its employees.  His wife left him with his
children.  He lost everything.  A few days later, the Kanto Quake had
destroyed his home.  He had found himself here, and for nine years,
he had lived by his wits and tended the fire, taking over from the
previous tender, who had been slain during the Quake, which had
further wrecked the temple.  We could use a good business
manager for that bookstore chain, she thought.  Brother Godai was
not cut out for business, much as I keep trying to pretend otherwise.
She gently shook the sleeping man awake.  Saving souls was her
business, and business was good.

************

       April 30, 2035

      The Emperor of Jurai sat upon his throne.  His wives lurked to
the left and right of the throne, smiling enigmatically as usual.  He,
on the other hand, was frowning.  I wonder if there's something in
my genes that causes all my descendents to make my life difficult.
He glanced over at Funaho.  "Shouldn't they be here already?"  he
whispered.

       Her lips barely moved, but he heard her clearly.  "There was an
assassination attempt in the transport shaft."

        For a moment, anger flashed in his eyes.  He couldn't blame
the council for being opposed to this marriage.  It would wreck some
of his own plans, and only Ryu promising he would let his father
choose his other bride had gotten the emperor to even consider
approving this engagement.  Assassination, however, was going too
far.  Whoever had tried this would find out that those under the
protection of the Emperor of Jurai were as sacrosanct as he was.
"Why didn't you tell me?"

         "I just found out."

        Various nobles milled about, whispering among themselves.
One of them was likely to blame, the Emperor thought.  They're
undoubtably whispering about how an offworlder made the Emperor
wait, and what a shame it is and the like.

        The doors slammed open at the far end of the hall and an
angry, elaborately dressed red head stormed in, followed by Ryu,
Manami, Sasami, and Ryouko.  The nobles whispered among
themselves, speculating on what would happen next.  One or two
took a moment to appreciate the clothing the woman, who they
presumed was the potential bride of Prince Ryu, wore.  She had
been dressed well, even if she was an outworlder.

         Nene stormed into the middle of the room.  Funaho began to
speak.  "Greetings, offworlder.  Welcome to..."

         Nene shouted, "WHERE THE HELL IS DUKE RYALIN?  THAT
MONKEY TRIED TO HAVE ME KILLED AND I WANT HIS HEAD!"  Her face 
was red with uncharacteristic anger.

         For a moment, the room went silent.  No one had screamed in
the presence of the Emperor during a formal audience in two
hundred years.  The last person who did it was still in exile on the
frozen world Dryco III.  Excited whispers of speculation spread like
wildfire.

         Ryouko quietly pointed to a blue haired man in elaborate dyiljo
robes.  "There."

         Funaho said, "No one is allowed to raise their voice in the
presence of the Emperor."

         "No one is allowed to try to kill me!"  She stormed over to the
Duke.  "I'm challenging you to a duel.  NOW."

         The duke blinked.  "Insolent child.  You have no proof, nor am
I honor bound to fight a duel with an offworlder woman for any
reason."

          Ryouko laughed.  "In other words, you're guilty as hell, but you
think we can't prove it and you're too cowardly to fight her."

          "I will not be addressed in such manner!"  The duke said.

          "Going to challenge me to a duel, your ugliness?"  Ryouko
asked.

          The Duke paled.  Then Tenchi and Aeka entered, dragging a
huge blue-skinned reptillian man, marked with the three green
tattoos on his arm that identified members of the rather illegal, yet
well patronized Assassin's Guild.  Tenchi tossed the man down onto
the ground.  "Speak."

        The man pointed Duke Ryalin.  "I swear before the sacred body
of the Emperor that he was the one who hired me."

        The Duke frowned.  "Will you take the word of a ruffian and an
outworlder over the word of a Duke of the Realm, descended from
the Twelve servants of the First Emperor?"

         Sasami spoke quietly.  "I will."

         Tenchi said, "I will stake the honor of my line upon her word."

         Misaki had been watching quietly.  She turned to face the
duke.  "You stand accused before the throne by a Prince and
Princess of the Imperial Line, bearers of the Sacred Blood.  How
would you be tried?"

          The Duke frowned.  None of the options available to him were
good.  Still, there was one way out, even if it was humiliating to fight
such a one.  "The young whelp challenged me to trial by combat.
So be it.  Name a time and place."

          "Right now."  Nene said.  "I have a busy day planned and I
want to get this over with."  Sasami whispered something in her ear.
"The Royal Dueling grounds."

           A gasp ran through the audience.  None could even enter the
Royal Dueling grounds unless they possessed Royal blood or
belonged to the three highest ranks of the nobility, descended from
the Twelve.  The Duke laughed.  "And how do you propose to enter
without breaking the law?"

        "I am Nene of House Romanova, heiress to the Sacred line of
the Romanovs, Emperors of all the Russias, Grand Dukes of
Moscow, Grand Princes of Russia, Kings of Poland, Defenders of
the Sacred Faith and Protectors of the Patriarchate of Moscow.
Shall I pile more titles on you, or is that enough for you?"  Nene
smiled.

         Everyone turned to look at the Emperor.  He quirked his lips in
a smile.  "I extend a royal welcome to Her Most Royal Highness,
Princess and Heiress of House Romanov.  Be ye welcome in this
place.  By Imperial Decree, I acknowlege your right to enter the
Royal Dueling Grounds and the validity of your titles within the realm
of Jurai."  Chew on this, Ryalin.  You've been causing me trouble for
a long time, he thought.  I just hope she's a lot tougher than she
looks.

          The crowd soon adjourned to the viewing chambers to
observe the duel.  The Duke concentrated and assumed battle garb,
preparing for the battle.   Nene shouted something in an alien
tongue few of those present understood.  The air shimmered around
her and a red and pink battle suit appeared around her from
subspace.  She shouted something else and a shimmering white
blade appeared in her right hand as the duke summoned up a sword
with his master key.

        The audience stared in awe.  Someone whispered, "The
Radiant Hawkwings."  Tenchi blinked in total surprise.  He glanced
over at Ryouko, Sasami, and Aeka, who had now joined them, then
over at Ryu and Manami.  Ryu was smirking

         He sidled over to Ryu and whispered, "Are you doing that?"

         Ryu whispered back, "Not all that glitters is gold."

        Tenchi blinked, then laughed.  So it just looks like one, he
thought.  It's not like there's a really good way to tell.

         The nobles watched nervously as Nene proceeded to charge
the duke. The swords met and his shattered to bits.  Nene then
kicked him across the dueling grounds into the wall.  A spray of laser
fire from her left hand sent him scampering.  For about twenty
minutes, she chased him around the room.  Sword strokes that
missed him cut huge holes in the floor.  Finally, she trapped him up
against the wall.  "Yield, or die."

        The Duke contemplated dying, but he couldn't muster the pride.
He hung his head in shame.  "I yield."

        The nobility stared in shock.  Duke Ryalin had never been
beaten in a duel before.  Who was this Princess who had come
before them?  No one had known her homeworld, but now
speculation ran rife.  Servants were sent scampering to consult
Galactic Atlases.  Already the rumor was spreading that she was
from some off shoot of the house of Jurai.  It was not otherwise
possible that she could wield the Radiant Hawk Wings.  Perhaps she
was not an outworlder at all.  The political wheels began to turn.
Nene would face no more significant opposition.  She had reached
the eighth row and been promoted.

        The Emperor smiled.  Perhaps this will work out better than I
thought.

************

      March 1, 2036

      It was a cool day in Mega-Tokyo as the new city council was
sworn in.  Priss, Leon, Celia, Nene, Linna, Ryu, Daley, Manami,
Kiyone, Mihoshi, Anri, Meylia, and Washuu sat in the audience of
the ceremony.  Washuu looked at her watch, then whispered to
Meylia and Anri, "Does that guy ever shut up?  He's been going for
thirty minutes now."

      "He didn't know how to shut up back in 2018 when he was just a
TV anchorman.  He hasn't learned yet, I guess,"  she replied.

      Taiki finally finished yammering.  "And so, it is my pleasure to
yield my office to the first woman to serve as the mayor of Mega-
Tokyo."  He turned to the blue-haired woman who was sitting near
him.  "I present to you, Mrs. Udaigaku Noriko.  Please step
forward, Udaigaku-san."

       A brief investment ceremony followed.  "How does it feel to be
the first female mayor?"  Taiki asked.

       "It feels good.  This is a great day for all boomers as well."  She
turned to the first of the new city councilbeings.  "Hakubi Sylvie,
please come forward."

        Syvlie stood up and her friends and family went wild with
applause.  She stepped forward, one small step for a woman, one
giant step for boomerkind.

************

       October 31, 2040

        Keiko fled down the alleyway.  Three half-human figures were
in hot pursuit.  She would have cried for her mother, but her mother
was gone.  I hope Aunt Linna got my call, she thought, or these
things are gonna get me for sure.

        Her pursuers were...well, it depended on who you were as to
what they looked like.  To an ordinary human, they looked like three
tall men in ratty clothing.  Keiko, and others who possessed the
Sight, could see them as they truly were.  They were horrible twisted
monstrosities, ten feet tall, with deformed misplaced features, extra
limbs and horribly sculpted muscles in the wrong places.  Their red
eyes shone darkly and their flesh was a hideous shade of purple.
They were fomorians, the ancient enemies of the Tuatha de
Danaan, and they still stalked the world hunting those who bore the
blood of that ancient line.

         The irony of this was that they were actually chasing the wrong
person.  Keiko came from a bloodline of great power, but was no
more a descendent of Danu than David Letterman.  However, since
the formori were unused to encountering the children of other
goddesses, they assumed the power she bore had to be granted
from Danu.

       She rounded a corner and three more formori, these a trio of
twisted females with batlike wings, long fangs and long stringy black
hair bound into braids, lurched forward.  They bore long scourges
made from barbed wire and spiked balls.  Only by diving, rolling on
the ground, and leaping to her feet once she was past them was
Keiko able to avoid being immediately flayed by them.

        Six pursuers was NOT twice the fun of three.  She managed to
emerge from the alleyway into more open ground.  Of course, this
was naturally a graveyard, not a fun place to be with six monsters
chasing you on Halloween night.  The fact that six more fomorians
were waiting here didn't exactly make Keiko's day, either.  She
turned and bolted at a right angle.

           More figures loomed in the darkness ahead of her.  She
swore and gathered the power that lay within her.  With it, she
managed to leap up onto the roof of a nearby mausoleum.  Maybe
they won't spot me, she prayed.  A few seconds later, she realized
there were MORE people up here.

        She was about to scream when she recognized them.  Four
knights in shining armor stood near her on the rooftop.  She gave a
sigh of relief.  "You got my message!"

        Linna laughed and looked towards the six approaching
formorians.  "Geez, there's only six of them.  I was expecting more
from your message."

        Keiko pointed off into the mist.  "There's more of the damn
things over there!"

        Nene turned and looked.  "Those aren't formorians."

        The five figures Keiko had spotted earlier moved forward
across the graveyard toward the masoleum as the six formorians
finally reached it.  As they came closer, she recognized them.  Ryu,
Manami, Meylia, Anri, and Sylvie charged forward, garbed for battle.
The fight was a foregone conclusion.  Evil magic was no match for a
combination of Jurai Power, High Tech, White Magic, and Divine
Power.

       This time.

************

<Voiceover, female>

      Once upon a time, a faerie prince exiled himself to a little bitty
backwater town in the far reaches of his father's kingdom, for the 
jealous faerie nobles hated him and his mother, and he tired of this.  He 
lived in the tiny little town for centuries, for the faerie are a long lived 
race, you see.  It was a town full of mortals, and he fell in love many 
times, and had many children, but rarely did he ever tell them what he 
truly was.  

      The problem with marrying mortals, is that mortals die, and to watch 
your loved one age when you do not is a tragedy for both of you.  One 
day, the woman he loved died, and he retreated from the world, hardly 
speaking or acknowleging his two daughters.  One of his daughters 
was kind and understanding like her mother, and she took care of her 
father in his grief, finding comfort from comforting him.  The second 
grew wroth, for like her father, she had no stomach for ill treatment.  
She left in a rage, swearing never to return.  

      She wandered the world around the town, and finally found a man to
love.  She knew not her faerie heritage, nor the power that lay within
her.  There was no need for magic in her life, except the magic of love.

      One day, her son grew strong and tall, and went to study with the
sages of a larger town.  From them, he learned many crafts, and the 
power within him stirred.  He had a vision, a vision of a world in which 
magical golems would free the masses of their tiresome labors and 
leave them free to create beautiful art and to learn all that was learnable.  

     Yet, he lacked the materials he needed to build his golems, so he
went to the local merchant's guild and offered to share his knowlege if
the merchant would pay for materials to build the golems.  The Guild
Master agreed, and they began to build many wonderful golems.  

      The wizard was happy.  He had a beautiful wife and two happy
children, a boy and a girl.  His golems were like children to him, and he 
had hundreds of those.  Yet, not all was well in the kingdom.  The wizard 
spent too much time in the lab, and his wife never saw him.  She thought 
he loved the golems more than her, so one day she ran away.  That 
shocked the wizard, and he began to look around him.

      He saw that not all was well in the land.  Some of the merchants
were arming his golems and using them for conquest.  They did not 
follow his instructions closely, and some of his golems had badly drawn 
runes, so they went mad.  What he did not know was that some of the 
members of the Merchant's guild were inflamed by greed and power 
and consumed by the demons with which they had been consorting.  
The power of the great god of destruction, Shiva, was upon them, and 
they saw that the wizard must be eliminated before he could fight them.  
So one of them slew him.

       What they did not understand is that it is not wise to meddle in
the affairs of wizards.  He had seen his fate coming and cast a mighty
spell.  He gifted his children with his powers and his wisdom.  It would
fall to them to save his children, the golems, from the power of Shiva.

      Shiva's followers grew in strength in the towns of the fringes of
the great Faerie empire.  His avatars came, bearing his power and
aiding his servants.  They invoked Shiva, and he destroyed a great
city for them, then they came in to 'help repair the city' with their new 
golems.  Soon, everyone was dependent on them and they ruled the 
city in all but name.  Many lands fell under their dominion, yet the great 
Faerie emperor did nothing, for his lands were vast, and he had almost 
forgotten the very existence of the province Shiva's followers ruled.

      The wizard's daughter, however, could not forget.  She took the
power that her father had given her and his wisdom and went to his 
forge.  She forged gleaming suits of magical armor with which to do 
battle against the Merchant's guild, which now called itself DEMON.  But 
she had no warriors to wear her suits, so she went out into the streets 
of the city.

      She found a street urchin with a heart of fire and took her away
from her petty street fights and gave her a cause to fight for and mighty  
weapons with which to fight for it. She found a dancer in the wind and 
gave her wings with which to fly.  A clever and beautiful sorceress, who 
was also of royal blood, though she knew it not, heard her call for help 
and came to the wizard's daughter, passing every test she gave her.  To 
her was given further understanding of the powers of machines, of how 
to trick the golems and other mechanisms, and to see with magical 
sight.  Though they often made fun of her, they all knew it was her 
wisdom which often guided them to victory.  

*********

     "And I suppose you also spun straw into gold in your spare time, eh,
Nene-chan?"  A female voice cut in.

      Nene was sitting on a large plush bed covered with sheets of golden
satin.  In her lap sat a young girl with long red hair like Nene's and
soft brown eyes.  Like Nene, she was dressed in an elaborate striped
kimono with all the colors of the rainbow.  She had a golden bow in her
hair, while Nene was wearing a golden tiara upon her brow with a ruby 
set in it.  Nene started at the voice and looked up.  "Priss-chan!"

      Priss winced faintly.  Only Nene could call me Priss-chan when I'm in 
combat gear.  She was wearing loose black pants and a heavy long
sleeved dark tan jacket.  Her hair was tied back in a pony-tail, and her
face was marked with long black wedges along her cheeks.  A metal rod 
sat in a holster on her belt on her left and a large nasty looking pistol on 
her right hip.  "Telling your daughter lies about the good old days, eh?"  
She walked over and knelt down facing the little girl in Nene's lap.  "And 
how are you today, Himeko?"

      Nene laughed.  "Like you were any better when I heard you telling
Samantha about how you used to kill five boomers before breakfast and 
all you needed was your bare hands.  You said you just used a hardsuit 
so the rest of us wouldn't feel inferior."

      Himeko laughed and reached over and hugged Priss.  "Hi, Auntie
Priss!  Been fighting monsters again?"

      Priss laughed.  "Hey, at least my lies are more plausible than
yours, Nene-chan."

      "Killing boomers with your bare hands is plausible?  I don't THINK
so."  Nene laughed.  

      Priss picked up Himeko, "You want to be big and strong like me when 
you grow up and not flimsy like your mommy, right, Hime-chan?"  She 
walked over to the window with her 'niece.'

     They both stared out the window as Nene got up and walked over to
them.  Tiny specks of light shone in the blackness of space.  A small
blue, white, and brown planet slowly receeded in the distance.  Himeko
laughed, "I'll contribute to the team with my brains and good looks!"

     Priss and Nene both laughed.  "Your mommy taught you to say that,
didn't she?"  Priss asked Himeko, who nodded happily.

     Nene stood by Priss' side, looking out the window at the retreating
planet.  "I can't believe we're not going to fight this."  She gestured,
and her cup floated over to her from the bedside table.  She drank 
deeply, suddenly thirsty.

     Priss sighed and reminded herself not to swear in front of the child.
"If I had my way, we would.  I don't like running away, but Celia doesn't 
think we can win."

      Nene nodded. "We've evacuated as many people as we could.  If only
we'd been able to kill it back then..."

      Priss forgot about the child and swore anyway.  "We did kill it,
Damnit!  Things are supposed to STAY DEAD WHEN YOU KILL THEM!"
      "Even if Shiva is dead...I guess we didn't get all his children..."

       As they watched, they could see the ice creeping across the face of
the planet as it slowly shrank to a speck in the distance.  They would not 
see the world on which they had been born again for over a thousand 
years.

       They would always wonder if there had been some way they could 
have prevented it, could have saved their city, saved their world.  The 
time would come when it would bloom again, but that task would fall to 
other heroes.  To them would fall other duties than sleeping under a 
crystal mountain 'til that day.  It was time for them to enter upon the 
rewards for their years of labor, years of battle and despair.


************

Easter, 3000 AD
Year 8 of the Crystal Millenium

       Queen Serenity watched her fleet moving through space on the
viewscreen.  She sat in the command chair of the CMS Yamato.
She laughed a little, just thinking about it.  Too bad we don't have a
wave motion gun, she thought.

        Senshi Mars quirked an eyebrow.  "What's so funny?"  She
paused.  "You should be down on the Earth where you're safe."  It
was about the sixth time she had said that in as many hours.

        Queen Serenity turned to Senshi Mars.  "I will not send others
to fight in my stead.  I am the Queen.  It is my duty to risk my life for
my people."

        Senshi Mars frowned.  "Do you not trust me to command your
fleet?"

        Queen Serenity blinked.  "Of course I trust you, Mars.  I just
can't stand to sit on the Earth and fret while my friends and my
...subjects are putting their lives on the line for me.  A Queen's duty
is to fight for her people, not to make them fight for her.  If I stayed
on the Earth, I'd be chewing my nails down to the bone and eating
the entire contents of the Royal Refrigerator.  Well, if we had a
refrigerator."  She laughed.  "I wish Ami-chan would make it a higher
priority."

         Senshi Mars looked around, but the rest of the bridge staff was
faking deafness and made no comment on that.  Perhaps they
hadn't noticed.  None of them probably knew what a refrigerator
WAS.  Undoubtably they all thought that if Queen Serenity wanted a
refrigerator, then she should have one.  It made Mars uncomfortable
sometimes.  These people almost worshipped them.  They didn't see
Usagi and Rei, they saw Serenity and Mars, walking goddesses on
Earth.  If we told them to cut off their left hands, they probably
would.  They're twenty times worse than my husband was at his
most obesiant.  She sighed.  But she would use them.  Things had
gotten bigger than she had ever imagined.  We're leading a fleet, a
nation...a world.  I hope we're up to it, she thought.  At least I had
some experience, unlike the others.  This is a bit larger than a
Bishopric, or even the Papacy, though.  She sighed.  "I'm sure Ami
will get on it when she has time."

        "Well, we have bigger fish to fry."  Dark things, twisted flying
reptillian horrors, amorphous masses, tentacular monstrosities from
HR Giger's nightmares were swarming towards them.  There were
hundreds, thousands, maybe millions.  And behind them, driving
them on was a huge shimmering gelatinous mass, constantly
shifting in color, probably the size of a small moon.  When the
creatures moved too slowly, it caught up with them and absorbed
them.  At least in a vaccum, their voices would not carry as they
howled hideous death cries.

         Mars swore mentally.  "All we needed was a few more months
an Odysseus and Mercury would have figured out how to extend
the Great Shield."

          A voice spoke nearby.  "Last time, it took one of the Five
Ruling Wizards sacrificing herself by joining with the shield to make
it large enough to protect the entire system."  Pluto had arrived.

         "I will go, if I must,"  Serenity said.

          The bridge crew stared, clearly in shock at the concept.

          "There is more than one way to skin a cat.  You will need
help.  With the aid of the Juraiians, it can be done."

         Mars sighed.  "Yes, but that...whatever the hell that thing is,
it's cut us off from Jurai.  Not that we have anything functional capable
of sending messages interplanetary distances.  If only Funaho hadn't
died during the Great Ice..."

         Serenity said, "If wishes were horses, every little girl would
have that pony."  She laughed.  "We've faced incredible odds
before.  This can't be any worse than that horde from Gunbuster,
and they beat all of them with one mech!"

        "This isn't an anime, U...Serenity."  How can she be so
cheerful?  Mars wondered.  Maybe she just doesn't understand.  She
thinks Good always triumphs over Evil, just like in those animes.  I'd
give my left eye for a few of those characters showing up now,
especially the ones with their own fleets.  If only we had more time
to prepare...It would have helped if we'd all studied engineering in
college too...Ami and Steven and Umino are the only ones of us who 
know anything about science, and sorcery wasn't exactly available back
when we went to school.  Mars sighed.  We didn't exactly plan this
well.  We just sort of lived our lives day to day with this vague
knowlege we'd have to rule the world one day but not really thinking
about what that meant.  We just went from crisis to crisis, but that's
no way to do something this big.

       Pluto said quietly.  "Actually, there is a way to send
interplanetary messages from Earth."

       Mars spun around, "Why the hell didn't you tell us this before?"

       Serenity watched the creatures on the screen.  She turned on
her crystal radio.  "This is Serenity.  Left wing, rise and attack them
from above.  Right wing, drop below and attack from below.  Center,
move forward and engage.  Now."  Her voice was strong and
confident.  For a moment, Mars couldn't recognize her old friend at
all.  It was if she had vanished completely and been replaced by
someone else.  Then she turned to Mars and whispered, "Set
phasers on kill."

         Mars would have laughed if she wasn't busy being pissed off
at Pluto who just kept smiling enigmatically at her.  A thought struck
her.  "Wait, doesn't the Galaxy Police have a patrol ship in this
sector?"

        "The Galaxy Police fled this sector after the Year of the Comet,
just like everyone else. There hasn't been a GP ship here since then.
However, blood calls to blood."

         The fleets began to engage.  To Mars' surprise, monstrosities
began to explode by the dozens.  Shafts of white light vaporized the
creatures, and the fleet moved on.  Two ships were destroyed by
some of the tougher creatures, but for the most part the creatures
were dying in droves.

         Serenity gave a great gasp.  "No..."  She began to cry.

         Mars cocked her head.  "Why are you crying?  We're winning."

         "They want to die...if only I'd realized that before."

         "I don't understand."

          "We're winning because they're not fighting.  They'd rather we
kill them than face that thing.  It's like someone driving down a road,
chasing someone with the wheels just behind them, for millions of
miles.  If you run into a knife weilding maniac, you take your
chances with getting sliced up, because you know the truck will
probably kill both of you anyway.  The poor things...they just want to
live.  That's all."  Her face hardened.  "This abomination must be
destroyed."  She activated the radio.  "Cease fire on the creatures.
Ignore them and move in on the...uh...giant thing that looks like
Jello."

        Sadly, almost no one in the fleet had any idea what Jello was,
but they got the idea anyway.  Mars stared at her.  "You're crazy!
We have to destroy these things before they get to Earth!"

         "They can't outrun us.  We can always go back and weed out
the troublemakers.  We have to stop that thing."  For a moment, her
voice was filled with anger.  "It devoured all their homes.  It has
been herding them before it for a millenium.  Entire generations born
to run for their lives.  IT WILL END HERE."

         Mars paled.  Even I don't get that angry much.  "As you
command."  Sometimes, I think she does this just to drive me
insane.

       The fleet obeyed her commands.  She was Serenity, and if she
had commanded them to attack each other, they would have done it.
It deeply disturbed Mars.  Serenity didn't seem bothered at all.  It
was the right thing to do.  Of course they did it.

        The white crystal ships slid through the horde, which largely
ignored them.  Serenity had been right.  They fled on their way,
leaving the white ships to open fire on the creature.  It was like flies
attacking an elephant with homocidal intent.  A tentacle of
gelatinous mauve lashed out and sucked in a ship, crunching it.
Serenity winced.  "The fleet's not going to be enough."

         Mars sighed.  "You're going to use the crystal."  She paused.
"Let me help you."

         "The crystal won't be necessary."  Pluto said quietly.

         Mars sighed.  "You could have told us we didn't have to attack
those things, you know."

         "Some things have to be experienced to be truly learned.  To
be truly understood."

          "We must look like horrible nightmares to them,"  Serenity
whispered.  "Poor things.  They probably think of us as things that
must not be..."

          "So how do we beat this thing, oh great wise one who plays
her cards close to her chest?"  Mars asked sardonically.  Pluto still
doesn't tell us everything, even after all we've been through, even
after saying she would.  Sometimes I want to kill her.

         "The reason I didn't tell you about how to send an interstellar
signal is that I already sent one a thousand years ago.  It just arrived
at Jurai a few weeks ago, and the main Juraiian battle fleet is
already on the way."

          "You know, we'd have worried a lot less if you TOLD us that."

         Pluto smiled.  "You'd have relied on them too much if I had."

         Space suddenly twisted in hundreds of spots around the huge
oncoming creature.  Strange organic ships of interwoven crystal and
wood appeared.  The viewscreen blinked.  The communications
officer, a young girl named Moemi, said, "Incoming call from those
things that just appeared.  Should I put it on the viewscreen?"

          "Make it so,"  Serenity said, then smiled faintly.

          Mars grumbled quietly as the screen came to life.  Priss's
smiling face was on the screen.  She was dressed in Juraiian
battlegarb with a tiara upon her forehead.  She looked almost the
same as the last time Usagi saw her, except for a few flecks of grey
in her hair.  Queen Serenity said, "PRISS-CHAN!"

         Priss smiled.  "This is Admiral Priscilla S. Asagiri of House
Serenity.  Request permission to help you kick some giant monster
ass.  So did this thing crawl out of your garbage can or what, sis?  It
looks like some leftovers evolved into a new life form."

         Serenity threw back her head and laughed.  "Like that
meatloaf you made?"

         Priss winced.  "Hey, Leon liked it."

         "Sometimes people lie when they love you, you know.  How
many years did it stay in your refrigerator?"

         "It's probably STILL there.  So what the hell is this thing?"

         "It has no real name, but legends call it the Devourer of
Worlds.  It's generally considered one of the larger spawn of
Azathoth.  Or possibly vice versa.  Azathoth is rather overrated."
Pluto smiled faintly.

          Priss nodded.  "Right.  It won't detonate in a solar system
levelling explosion if we just shoot it repeatedly, will it?"

         Pluto stared off into space for a moment.  "You may fire when
ready, Gridley."

         "Who the hell is Gridley?"

         Pluto sighed.  No one ever gets my jokes, then they complain I
have no sense of humor.

************

3056 AD
Year 66 of the Crystal Millenium

      A single note erupted through the still morning air of Crystal
Tokyo.  The entire city began to reverberate, buildings chiming like
bells.  A huge ship the size of a football stadium appeared from
nowhere, drifting towards the huge palace at the heart of the city.

        Queen Serenity looked up from the meeting she was
conducting with her trade advisors and smiled.  "The Juraiian
ambassador has arrived."

        Andrew Blackhawk, the Minister of North Columbian Trade
blinked.  "You can tell from just that?"

        Her lips quirked in a smile.  "You have to know these things
when you're queen."

        He nodded solemnly.  She laughed more.  He must have taken
me seriously, she thought.  "Arrange to have the ambassador
greeted.  Properly."

        "Properly?"

        "She's very strict on being properly addressed by her full titles
when she makes a grand enterance, or she becomes very unhappy.
You remember what happened when the Trantorian ambassador
became very unhappy?"

       "Was he the one who drank rat poison as a gesture of
defiance?"  Rumiko Munanga, the Minister of Oceanic Trade, asked.

        "No, that was the Centauri ambassador, I think,"  Queen
Serenity said.  "Anyway, I need to go change into formal attire.
Andrew, go tell the chief of protocol that the Juraiian ambassador is
here."

         Andrew did so.  The chief of protocol, also known as Luna,
assumed her human form and set the wheels in motion to prepare a
proper reception.  While they waited for the ambassador's shuttle,
she went to the computer banks and printed out the complete list of
titles and scanned it.  Nothing new since the last time I went over
these, she thought.  She headed for the courtyard where the shuttle
would land.  Artemis joined her, looking dapper in a white tuxedo.  "I
see they're bringing out the big guns for this one," he said.

         She smiled.  "Well, if they put YOU in charge, you'd probably
show up in a T-shirt and hack up a hairball on her as she got out of
the shuttle."

       "Can I?  Please?"  he asked teasingly.

        "Not in this lifetime."

         The honorguard of twenty pikemen was ready.  Not that
pikemen had any real military purpose, but pikes are more
impressive than wands and neuronic whips, which they also had.
Various courtiers, officials, and nobles were present, as was Makoto.
I hope Queen Serenity arrives in time, Luna thought.  She did,
running in at the last second as the shuttle began to descend.
Endymion was right behind her, walking swiftly, yet seemingly
effortlessly.  "Am I on time?"   Queen Serenity inquired, now decked
out in one of her most radiant dresses.

        Luna smiled.  "Just in time."

        The shuttle, which resembled a log, as drawn by Pablo Picasso
with help from MC Esher, landed and the door opened.  Two guards
stepped out, followed by a beautiful red haired Juraiian princess.
Queen Serenity whispered to Luna, "Remember, get her titles just
right or she'll be really displeased.  The last time they messed that
up...well, I think that planet is still trying to put their palace back
together."

        Luna nodded  "I welcome you to the planet Earth in the name
of Queen Serenity the First of the Crystal Millenium, High Queen of
the Ten Worlds, and in the name of King Endymion the First of the
Crystal Millenium, High King of the Ten Worlds.  Be ye welcome in
this place for as long as you desire to stay.  High Queen and High
King, I present to you, Her Most Regal Highness, Consort to his
most Imperial Highness, the heir to the Throne of Jurai, ..."

        Luna droned on and on.  She was good at this.  It took ten
minutes to list all of the ambassdor's titles.  She finally concluded
with, "...and Baroness of Barnard's star."  She took a deep breath.
"We greet thee and bid thee welcome."

        The red haired ambassador was tapping her toes impatiently.
"You forgot something."

         Luna panicked for a moment.  Surely the woman can't have
ANOTHER title.  I know I got all the important ones.  I followed the
protocols...heck, I wrote the protocols.  "I did?"  Great, she thought,
what did I say THAT for?

       "Well, let's see.  Two things.  First, you completely omitted my
hereditary titles.  I am Empress of All the Russias and Grand
Duchess of Moscow, not that either of those exist anymore.
Secondly, you left out my NAME."

       Queen Serenity could only barely restrain herself from laughing.
Endymion had to prick himself with one of his own roses to stop
himself from collapsing onto the ground laughing.

        Luna paused.  She was truly embarrassed.  "I wasn't sure of the
proper mode of salutation for that, actually."  It was a vaguely
plausible lie.  Actually, she had completely forgotten her name from
the strain of remembering all those titles.  "Hakubi-Masaki-
himesama, correct?"

         Her voice was cold.  "That is not correct."

         Luna paled.  This was not good.  She looked at the palace. I
bet this place breaks even more easily than the Sirian palace did.
"How would you like to be addressed?"

         A large smile lit up the Ambassador's face and a twinkle
entered her eye.   "As Grandma would say, "Please call me Nene-
chan!"

         The Earth shook from the weight of face-faulting courtiers.

************

3990 AD
Year 998 of the Crystal Millenium

      Dr. Gregory Stingray bowed to Queen Serenity VIII.  "I must
depart, back to my studies and my duties."

      Queen Serenity bowed.  "You know I rely on your prescience
and your skills to guide me.  I eagerly await your return."  Her hair
was long and white, done up in the traditional double 'odango' style,
as it was called, though no one knew for sure what an 'odango' was,
other than this hair style.  It had been instituted by Serenity I, and
what was good enough for her, was good enough for her
descendants.  "Have you yet been able to discern whether or not
Seiya will be able to successfully father a child by me?"

       He frowned.  Five years of being her Prime Minister and he still
hadn't quite been able to get into her head that Astro-history was
only useful for predicting bulk behavior, not the fortunes of
individuals.  Only when he had gained that insight had he been able
to make the crucial breakthroughs that had converted Astrology into
a precise, though probabalistic science.  She hadn't ever quite
grasped that aspect of it either.  "Such a task is more fit for medical
examiners than for a mathematician and sociologist such as myself,
my Queen."

       She pouted.  "In other words, you don't know."

       "Astro-history is not a useful tool for family planning unless one
has thousands of children like the legendary King of Siam."

       "Siam is a myth for children.  Everyone knows it didn't really
exist, nor were its monarchs reknowned singers if it did exist."  She
sighed.  "I never have time to sing anymore."

       "You were the next in succession, your majesty.  I am proud to
serve a monarch who put her duty before the pleasures of monastic
life."  Serenity's real name was Miki.  She had been intended for the
Monastery of the Holy Song, dedicated to Saint Rei, but after three
years, she had to leave the monastery after a series of duels and
accidents slew her two older sisters and her older brother.  He
pretended to check an appointment calendar.  "Ahh, I see you are
scheduled to attend a choral performance by the Ladies of the Holy
Song next Monday.  Perhaps they would not mind if you joined them
in their performance.  It would have to anonymous, of course, but
I'm sure the royal Imposter would not mind taking your place in the
audience so that no one would know."  He punched a few buttons
and scheduled the performance.  He had to displace a few
ceremonies, but they were all pointless anyway.

        Serenity blinked.  "I had forgotten about that.  Yes, that would
be most excellent.  Make it so."  She paused.  "You will come, won't
you?  You've never gotten to hear me sing, and..."

        She prattled on.  He smiled and  nodded and made affirmative
noises.  Finally, she said something that cut through to him.  "We
need to start planning the Millenial celebration.  Of course, the true
Millenium doesn't start for eleven years, but the Crystal Millenium
will reach its end in two years.  I've been thinking of a name for the
next Millenium.  I believe we should appoint a committee."

        "I see you are aware of the distinction between the old
Christian calendar and the one we now use for secular purposes.
Part of your monastic training, I assume?"  Sometimes she surprises
me, he thought.  It's times like these that I can see your parents in you
and know that you truly spring of the royal line.  The times when you 
show there's more to you than frills and royal parties.  I wish they 
happened more often.


         She nodded.  "Of course, given that Dionysius miscalculated
anyway, this actually should be 3994 AD, not 3990 AD, because
Herod actually died earlier than Dionysius calculated.  In addition the
next millenium doesn't REALLY begin until the zero zero one year,
because there was no year zero.  So it's actually about to be a new
millenium in seven years, not ten or two and no one knows but me,
and maybe you.  Most people, even in the Church, don't think about
that, you see."  She smiled.  "We'll just keep it our little secret,
okay?"

         "Of course, my queen."  Sometimes you surprise me, he
thought.  Every so often, the ancient blood suddenly surfaces and
you surpass my expectations.  If only it happened more often.

                             **************

       Dr. Stingray sat in his office and sent off the final memos.  He
was getting old and getting tired.  A pair of hands settled down onto
his shoulders.  "Boo."  The voice was soft and gentle, betraying no
hint of her age.

       Dr. Stingray spun in his chair.  "Hello, Amy."  He stood up and
hugged her.  "Back from Finis Astra already?"

      She nodded.  Dr. Amy Stingray was short, with short black hair
shot through with gray.  "The preparations are in place.  The
construction crews and terraformers are at work.  Finis Astra will
make a beautiful world for the Galactic Encyclopedia."  Amy had not
returned alone.  Her chief assistants were with her as well.

       "If we don't die of boredom out at the edge of the Empire,"
Monica Nichols said.  She was blonde, though her hair was turning
gray.  "Why on God's green earth did you pick such an isolated world?"

       "Would you prefer the Juraiian border?"  Greg said.  "We need
this project to be safe.  You don't think I'd send Amy into danger,
would you?"

        Captain Priscilla Hakubi-Masaki nodded.  She was tall with long
reddish-gold hair, dressed in a Juraiian military uniform.  "My
relatives are in the middle of kicking in each other's skulls.  We'll be
lucky if the empire survives this civil war.  And if Jurai falls, the
Galactic Federation will finally collapse, and if that happens..."

        She didn't have to finish the sentence.  "That's what the
Enyclopedia is for.  We have to preserve all the wisdom of the
Crystal Millenium for the future.  With that wisdom, our descendants
will rebuild better and stronger than we were able to build.  This has
happened before, but the last two times, so much was lost.  This
time, things will be different.  That's why we have formed the
Society of the Senshi of Wisdom, why we all took the ancient oath."

        They nodded.  A tiny band of elite scholars and warriors, such
as the Crystal Millenium was not capable of producing anymore.
They formed a conspiracy.  A conspiracy of hope.  None of them
knew that Dr. Gregory Stingray was keeping secrets from all of them
but his wife...

                               ***************

       Dr. Stingray had not become Prime Minister purely through
merit.  He had been recommended to the office by his secret
collaborator.  The Crystal Palace was riven with intrigue, but he and
his ally had yet to lose their secret to anyone.  She appeared that
evening when he and his wife were finally alone.  Her hair was short
and blonde.  She carried a long staff tipped with a glowing amethyst
and she wore the uniform of the special warriors of the Crystal
Millenium.  Her name was Sailor Pluto and she was over 2000 years
old, the only living human to remember the beginning of the Crystal
Millenium and the ages that came before it.  She was the one who
had unlocked his own powers of presience, weak as they were, and
had given him some hints that had lead to the critical breakthroughs
in the development of Astro-History.

        Amy frowned.  "What are you doing here?  We don't have any
more children to give you."  She had never forgiven Sailor Pluto for
taking her children Sylia and Matthew to the future, though she knew
it was necessary.  Pluto could convince a Juraiian that going without
bathing for a year was necessary, she thought.

       "Your children are well.  I promised you that they would be, and
I always keep my promises."  Pluto sighed.  "I am sorry, for what it is
worth."

        "I just...I know I won't have more children."

        "Sarah thought that as well."  Pluto smiled.  "Don't be so
certain."

       She turned to Gregory.  "The preparations are ready.  I have
initiated three people, and there will be more.  The Inner Senshi will
be ready to watch over your 'Outers'.  We will ensure that the
Stingray Plan succeeds."  Her voice became a little less controlled.
"It will succeed.  It must."

        He sighed.  "The Stingray Plan.  It sounds so egotistical.  Dr.
Gregory Stingray, savior of the world.  Well, worlds."

        Pluto smiled.  "I chose you because I knew you would not have
volunteered for this job.  Power is best left in the hands of those who
do not seek it.  Your legacy WILL be carried on.  I promise you that.
You have sacrificed much.  It will not be in vain.  I know what was,
what is, and what must be."  She paused.  "I have known you before,
and will know you again.  To you, this gift is always given.  I rejoice
that finally you can put it to good use."

        "But you still won't tell us who we were."

        "Sometimes you must know of your past lives in order to live
your present ones.  If I were to tell you who you once were, it would
only depress you.  I will simply say that we were friends and to see
you alive once more brings warmth to this old heart."

         Amy looked out the window.  The beautiful city of Crystal
Tokyo spread out around her as far as the eye could see.  It was
vast, hundreds of miles across.  Much of what had once been known
as Japan was now one huge city, a shining beacon in the darkness
of space.  "It's hard to believe this will come to an end."

        Greg sighed.  "In five hundred years, this will all be a ruins.
Twenty five thousand years of darkness and rule by the things that
lurk beyond the Galactic shield.  That's what I predicted.  I'll give my
soul if I have to, to prevent that.  I just wish I could have found a
way to reduce the anarchy to less than a thousand years, but the
numbers just...it's like they're taunting me when I try."

        "There is only so much that ANY of us can do.  My predecessor
could not save the Silver Millenium anymore than you can save the
Crystal one.  It MUST fall.  All things come to an end in time.  But
from the ashes, new life will grow."  She winked.  "I'll try to make
sure they name the next one the Stingray Millenium."

        Greg threw a pillow at her.

************

        And so the cycle began anew.  It was an ending and a
beginning, for any ending we chose to a story is arbitrary.  Every
ending begins new stories, and every beginning ends an old one.
History never repeats itself, but it often rarely produces something
very new, either.  The old stories happen over and over, with new
actors, or with old ones in new roles, for we hunger for stories to
guide us in our lives, to teach us the steps we must walk.

         Through eternity, we dance, changing partners and returning
to old ones, learning, loving, and living forevermore.  Yet, while the
dance never ends, this story must end somewhere, for tale-telling is
but one beat of the dance.  Dance then, wherever you may be, and
may the Lord of the Dance lead you home, for Love without end
awaits you at journey's end.  Shiva's dance is over, but yours is just
beginning.


************
Sabre Prime Says:

[Cut to a huge ballroom in which a riotous cast party is going on.
We can see Ukyou in the background whacking Biles in the head for
not putting her in this story, along with a lot of other characters, who
have formed a line for this purpose.  We can see Macky crawling
around on the floor looking up people's skirts and being energy
blasted by most of the women.  We can see Hikaru dancing on a
table with Kyosuke, while Madoka and Jonny Quest are about to
mallet both of them.  Celia Stingray steps out of the crowd and
takes center stage.]

Celia Stingray:  This week on Dance of Shiva, we learned that...

Nene:  [appears in front of Celia, blocking the camera's view of her]
That I got a cute alien boyfriend and got to live over a thousand
years and FINALLY got to kick some butt!

Priss:  [leaps out of the crowd and lands in front of Nene]  That I got
a cuter boyfriend than Nene, who wasn't made up by the author,
unlike HER boyfriend.  I also got to become more powerful than
Nene and lived at least as long as her.

Linna:  [punts Nene and Priss off screen]  Oh yeah?  Well, I'm now
dating a god and I'm immortal and ALL powerful!
HAHAHAHAHAHAH!!!!!!

Celia:  [puts Linna off screen]  While they're busy bragging, I'll just...

Biles:  [runs in front of Celia]  Whahaha!  I finally wrote a long epic
that wasn't a lemon story!  And more important, I FINISHED IT!

Celia:  [mallets Biles]  As I was saying, this story is an epic of the
human soul.  It's easy for us to forget that the Hero, or in this case
the Heroines' journey is a voyage of the soul and discovery of the
self, that results in...

Ryu:  Really cool original characters like me!

Manami:  [shoves in next to Ryu]  And me!

Meylia:  [stands on both their heads.  Camera pans up to her]  And
me.

[They are run over by an army of 'sailor clone' sexaroids, lead by
Rachel Yamazaki and Ursula Anderson.]

Ursula:  Don't forget us!

Lt. Shinohara:  [charges in]  Ahah!  There they are!  You're all under
arrest!  We know all about what happened on that space station!

[She chases the sexaroids off screen.]

Celia:  Anyway, this story is about the paths we walk through life and
why we should not despair in a world that often seems...

[Aeka chases Ryouko right over Celia.  For some odd reason, Aeka
seems to be wearing a punchbowl for a hat and is drenched with
some liquid.]

Aeka:  COME BACK HERE!

Celia:  [from the ground]  To be populated by idiots.  [Macky helps
her up.]  Thanks, brother.

Macky:  Guess what!

Celia:  What?

Macky:  In Jurai, it's okay to marry your sister, which means...

Celia:  [whips out the mallet and pounds him flat]  I'm going to have
to make a lot of use of this.  [turns to audience]  Anyway, this story
does have a moral, but I think I'm going to get flattened again if I
don't shut up now.

[We see Wasyuu standing over Celia with a cord attached to an
anvil hanging from the ceiling.]

Wasyuu:  Hey!  Don't I get to use this?

Celia:  Hang mistletoe on it and announce it's Christmas.  That
should give you a chance to use it.

Wasyuu:  That would never work.

Celia:  Hmm.  Try standing right here.  [draws an X on the floor]

Wasyuu:  [moves over]  Like this?

Celia:  [pulls the cord and drops an anvil on Wasyuu, squashing her
flat]  Exactly.  Thanks for being a guineapig for my experiment.

Wasyuu:  [standing behind Celia.  We now see Celia squashed a
plushie of Wasyuu]  Let me return the favor.  [shoots Celia with a
Boy/Girl gun]  I see it now!  Another Ranma/BGC crossover, but this
time...

[A now male Celia chases Wasyuu off screen with a mallet in hand.]

Wasyuu:  Then again, maybe you'd make a better Akane...

************

Author's afterword:

         Dang.

         This thing is HUGE!  I never meant it to be that way.  I NEVER
mean it to be that way.  It just happens.  This is the longest story I've
ever written.  Big beyond my wildest dreams of it.  Especially since it
was originally going to be maybe 200K at most.  However, it started
snowballing out of control, moving from a simple action/adventure to
a rather complex interweaving of four major series (BGC, Tenchi,
Sailor Moon, and Patlabor), and tons of other lesser ones, from
important roles to cameos(KOR, Marmalade Boy, Maison Ikkoku,
Foundation (Sort of ^_-), AMG, and many others.)

       I hope this story doesn't get too preachy, but if it does, oh well,
I think my message is worth preaching :P  The stories that we tell
express how we view the world and how we think it should be at the
same time.  Every story can be compared to a sort of mental virus
that tries to infect you with its ideas so that you'll pass them on to
others.  I hope you all got pretty sick from this one ^_-.

        I have pretty strong religious beliefs, but this is the first time
I've tried to write a story that really incorporated them.  (Well,
aspects of them).  I owe an especial debt in my religious thinking to
CS Lewis, who remains my favorite religious writer of all time.
Several of his essays express ideas that have critically shaped my
thinking and this story.  I especially recommend one of his more
obscure essays, "The Weight of Glory".  This essay deals with an
often neglected aspect of Christian doctrine, the immortality of the
soul.  Christians proclaim it, yet we rarely think about the
consequences of such a doctrine.  What does it really MEAN for
souls to be immortal?  How should this effect our priorities?  Our
sense of our own importance and that of others?  How are we
preparing ourselves for eternal existence through our actions in this
life?  Death is not the end of life, merely of the briefest stage of it.

         A second major theme I tried to explore is that of death and
rebirth.  One of the messages of Christianity is that we must die and
be born again.  But this is not a once and for all process.  There are
many deaths (beyond just physical death)   and many ways in which we 
must come to live again.  It's always terrifying to let go of a stage of our 
life, a treasured possession, a goal that we have sought.  But if we cling 
to things, then the waves of life will drown us instead of carrying us 
onwards.  Celia and Priss both have this lesson to learn, along with 
Meylia, Anri, and Sylvie.  For a time, vengeance sustained them, but they 
had to learn to let go, or die.  Anri and Sylvie died, indeed, and only lived 
again through the wisdom of another, rather than their own
strength.  We must die many little deaths, in order to avoid the big
death from which there is no returning, the death of the soul, the
fires of hell.

        One might ask how a devout Catholic can write a story full of
goddesses, reincarnation, humans ascending to divinity, magic, etc,
etc, etc.  Three major comments come to mind.  First, this is not
intended to be a portrait of the world as it is in a literal sense, which
I hope is obvious ^_^.  Part of it being fiction is that it's not true in a
literal sense.  Goddesses are not part of my real theological outlook.
I'd happily find a place for Belldandy, though, given the choice. ^_-.
Secondly, While I do make some major theological, philosophical,
and religious points which I would apply to the real world, I'm dealing
with a lot of fictional universes in which some assumptions counter
to my real world beliefs are established elements.  Japan has a
different set of religous and philosophical assumptions than mine,
and I tried to remain true to the stories' use of these elements, while
twisting them to my own purposes, of course.  Thirdly, there is no
point #3.

       I hope that finally I've written a story that will enable Usagi's
fans to understand that I DO like her ^_-.  I've gotten a lot of flack
from various people over the years who think I hate her, but really
she's one of my very favorite characters of all time.  She only has a
bit part in this story, since the real focus is on the four Knight Sabres
as the central characters, and secondarily on my original characters,
but I think I've showed her at her best in her many aspects here.
Usagi is one of the most Christlike figures in all of animation, more
purely adhering to the law of love than virtually any other fictional
character I can think of.  Usagi has the love that can move
mountains.  Her love has power to soothe broken hearts and heal
wounded souls.  I cried like a child at the end of the Sailor Moon R
movie.  I won't spoil the moment for those who have not seen the
movie, but truly she is awesome in her love, her sadness, and her
power.  When she cries, I cry.  She shines with the power of
innocence and love.

         Three other characters in this story also help to exemplify the
power of innocence and love.  One of them flies freely like Usagi,
the other two are wounded, but find some healing as the story
progresses.  They are also three of my favorite characters of all
time.  The first is Nene Romanova.  She is the soul of the Knight
Sabres.  Unwounded by past injuries, she retains the faith and hope
of a child, and some of the flaws of a child as well.  Of course I had
to give her the cool alien boyfriend :).  She'd make a great Inner
Senshi, because she has hope and faith unspoiled by 'adult
responsibilities and worries'.  She is the happiest of the Knight
Sabres and the one I'd most likely be able to deal with in RL without
going insane :)

          Then, there are the two wounded souls, wounded by their own
ability to love.  Priss exemplifies love wounded by past suffering.
Priss is torn apart by internal wounds because each time she has
opened herself to love, something has gone wrong.  She burns with
firey passion but because of the wounds she has suffered, she often
burns others with her internal flame rather than warming them.  Until 
she heals her own wounds, she will often be more dangerous to
herself than to others, unable to fully use her own strength.

         The other wounded soul is Hikaru.  I will tell the full story of
what happened to her eventually.  I have the story about one third
done.  Hikaru, like Priss, seeks vengeance, though she has had
more time to heal her wounds than Priss.  On the other hand, she
has suffered something worse than Priss ever has.  I don't put my
characters through suffering easily, and to put Hikaru through this
was painful.  I don't write anything dark easily--even making
imaginary people suffer is difficult for me.  It's because I often think
of them as real in my unguarded moments.  I just hope there isn't a
real Hikaru out there gunning for me now :)  She too finds healing in
this story and lets go of vengeance, the victory that devours the
soul.

         The power of love is another major theme of this story.  It
brings healing to the soul and food for it as well.  Love and Hate are
the same side of a coin whose other side is Apathy, and it's far too
easy at times to move between them.  Still, even love is not an all-
potent value.  It can send people down the path of destruction as
well as along the road of healing, and I tried to show that too.  Still,
this world needs more love and compassion, with whatever dangers
might attend that.  If we could all learn to love like Usagi, or even
just like Nene, this world would shine with five billion lights.

         Finally, I hope you enjoyed my original characters.  Ryu,
Manami, and Meylia all have a special place in my heart, and I hope
they've found room in yours.  Ryu and Manami were at the core of
the original story concept and while this monster rapidly outgrew that
concept, they grew to fit the expanding story.  I also enjoyed all my
minor original characters, like Lt. Yamano and Lt. Shinohara.
Eventually, I plan to do a solo story for Lt. Shinohara and develop
her more.  Indeed, I have lots of stories planned for this universe.
You'll be seeing lots more of everyone and all this weirdness :)

          Well, enough ranting.  I want to extend special thanks to
everyone who has preread this monster.  I owe especial thanks to
Jeff Hosmer for his many constant suggestions and letting me link
this to our Z continuity.

        I also owe especial thanks to all the creators of these series,
who have no clue what I've done to their creations ^_-.  I can't even
name half the creators and artists and voice actors and whatnot, but
they've given me a wonderful ride of the imagination and I thank
them all.

        Well, time for me to go.  I have to go help Queen Serenity with
her new computer system.  She can't find the 'any key' again.

<WHAP>

       Perhaps I'll be reporting to Ami for medical help instead.

        God bless you all, and may the Lord of the Dance be your
partner in the Great Dance of Life.


                                John Biles
                                Lawrence, Kansas
                                November, 1998



--
John Walter Biles :  MA-History, Ph.D Wannabe at U. Kansas         
ranma@falcon.cc.ukans.edu       
rhea@tass.org              http://www.tass.org/~rhea/falcon.html
rhea@maison-otaku.net      http://www.maison-otaku.net/~rhea/

If it has passed from the high and the beautiful to darkness and ruin, that
was of old the fate of Arda Marred; and if any change shall come and the
Marring be amended, Manwe and Varda may know; but they have not revealed it,
and it is not declared in the dooms of Mandos.
--Final Line of The Silmarillion
