DBZ Muyo


Disclaimer: I do not own any if the Tenchi Muyo or Dragonball Z
characters!  You know the drill!
Author's Note:  This is my first crossover fanfic, so that speaks for
itself!

       Washu's triumphant cackle could be heard throughout the Masaki
house.  She had just finished another of her inventions.
 Washu practically ran through the broom closet door.  She pushed it
open so hard, that it slammed into the wall.  Everyone was watching a
t.v. program and nearly jumped out of their seats.
 "Everyone to my lab!  I need to show you my newest creation!"
 Everyone groaned and got up.  Tenchi hung back away from Washu.  She
was still after him to be her guniea pig.
 "But it was my favorite show Washu!"  Ryoko complained.  "And I
actually got to sit next to Tenchi!"
 Washu turned to her.  "Ryoko?"
 "What?"  Ryoko said grumpily.
 "Call me mom!"
 Ryoko groaned and continued to follow Washu down to her lab.  They
all crowded around a big machine.
 Sasami looked at the machine, then Washu.  "Is this why you missed
lunch Washu?"
 "I missed lunch?  I must've been working so hard that I forgot
about!  I'm sorry Sasami."
 "Don't worry, I saved you some!"
 "Thank you Sasami."
 "What is this thing Little Washu?"  asked Tenchi, clearly wanting to
get out of her lab.
 "This is my newest invention!  Its called the InterAnime Transporter,
or IAT.  It can transport people from other anime here!"
 Mihoshi stepped forward to take a good look, but true to her nature,
she tripped.  She grabbed part of the IAT for support, accidentally
hitting a big red button.............
 "Mihoshi!"  Washu screamed.
 But the machine started up anyway.  There was a low whirring sound
and a flash of light.  When it was over, there were six more people in
Washu's lab.
 "What happened?  Who are you guys?"  a tall blonde guy asked.
 Washu looked up at him in amazement.  "It worked!  It worked!  I am
*such* a genius!!!!"
 She ran up to him and smiled her little girl smile.  "Hiya!  I'm
Little Washu, the greatest scientific genius in the universe!  You're
cute!  Do you want to be my guniea pig?"  she said, looking him over.
 "Um................."
 "These are my friends!"  Washu continued.  "This is my daughter
Ryoko, Jurian Princess Aeka, her little sister Sasami, Kiyone, my
personal pain in the neck Mihoshi, grandfather Yosho, his son
Noboyuki, Noboyuki's son and my *former* guniea pig Tenchi!"
 Tenchi let out a sigh of relief.  Former was the word he had wanted
to hear.
 "Um......hi.  My  name is Goku.  This is my wife Chi-Chi, our son
Gohan, Vegeta, Piccolo, and *our* scientist Bulma."
 Washu rushed over to Bulma with gleaming eyes.
 "You're a scientist?  Me too!"
 "Yeah....but aren't you a little young to be the 'greatest scientific
genius in the universe'?  What are you?  11?  12?"
 "No silly!  Like I said, I'm the a genius!  So I can make myself
*appear* young."
 "Oh.....um....okay...."
 "Let's go!"  Washu said grabbing Bulma's wrist and dragging her off
into the lab.
 Ryoko laid her head on Tenchi's shoulder.
 "Just what I need Tenchi!  More women to distract you from me!"
 But at the same time, Tenchi was thinking  <Yes!  More men to
distract her from me!>
 Aeka did not like this.
 "Ryoko!  Don't bother Lord Tenchi with your foolishness!  Tenchi
obviously loves *me*!"
 "No way little princess!"
 "This is the last time you...you demon!  Never again will you have
the chance to bug Lord Tenchi!"
 Ryoko stepped forward until she was just inches from Aeka.   "Is that
a challenge?"
 "Yeah!"
 Tenchi stepped between the two girls.  "Ryoko!  Aeka!  We have
guests!"
 Ryoko walked turned away from Aeka and said "Your time will come
Princess."  and disappeared.
 "Hmph!"  Aeka said snottily, walking out of the lab.
 "Why don't you go take a walk around the grounds."  Tenchi suggested
to Chi-Chi.  "You could go see the shrine."
 "Or the onsen!"  Noboyuki put in.
 Chi-Chi gave him a disgusted look and marched out of the lab.
 Yosho and Noboyuki had to go do their own things at the shrine, so
they too, left.
 Kiyone frowned and slapped her forehead.  "I almost forgot!  Mihoshi
and I have a shift at the diner!  See you guys at dinner!"
 Sasami watched them leave and then smiled at Gohan.  "Do you like
video games Gohan?"
 "Yeah!"
 "I have a couple upstairs!  Wanna go play 'em?"
 "Sure!"
 "Okay!  Race you!"
 Gohan and Sasami raced out of the lab, Ryoki running behind them.
 This left Tenchi, Goku, Vegeta, and Piccolo.
 "Let's get out of here!"  Tenchi said.
 "Okay."  Goku agreed.  "Its creepy in here."
 "Its creepier when Washu wants you to be her
guniea pig!  So if I were you, I'd watch out!"
 They sat down in the living room.
 "Do those girls always swarm all over you?"  Goku asked.
 "Yeah."
 "The Ladies Man!"
 "I wish I weren't!"
 "Oh come on!  If  you had to spend a day with Chi-Chi's nagging, you
would be crawling back here!"
 "I can say the same for Ryoko and Aeka's fighting!"
 "Chi-Chi could be a one woman army."  Piccolo said.
 "Thats why *I* never got hitched."  Vegeta said.  "The last thing I
need is a woman controlling me!"
 "So, you guys fight any good battles?"  Tenchi asked, changing the
subject.
 "Here we go."  Piccolo muttered under his breath.
 Goku was nearly out of his seat.  "Oh man!  Tons!  Okay...it was us
versus Frieza on Piccolo's home planet Namek........."
 Goku talked on and on, Vegeta adding his own bits and pieces.  A
sweatdrop appeared on Tenchi's forehead.
!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()
 "So Washu....uh....Little Washu.  Explain to me how this works."
Bulma said pointing to the IAT.
 "Gladly!  The IAT transports others to here.  But in your place, time
has completely stopped."
 "What a machine!  Can you *show* me how it works?"
 Washu pushed a couple of buttons, explaining what she did as she did
it.
 After the familiar noise and light, a young man appeared on the
floor.
 "Huh?"  he asked.
 "Trunks!"  Bulma exclaimed.
 "Mom?  What am I doing here?  Here I am talking to someone and next
thing I know, I'm here!"
 Bulma explained to Trunks about where he was, what happened, and the
people who lived here.
 "Did you say lots of girls?"
 "Yeah!"
 Washu smiled.  "I have just the girl for you.....on one
condition.........."
 "Which is?"
 "You call me Little Washu!"
 "Easy enough!"
 Washu closed her eyes and called to Ryoko through their mind link,
telling her of a handsome young man who wanted to me her.
 Sure enough, Ryoko appeared, startling Trunks.  Taking one look at
him, she forgot the love she once had for Tenchi.
 Trunks stared right back at her.  He had never seen anything more
beautiful.  He looked deep into her golden eyes.
 "You must be Ryoko."  he said awkwardly.
 "Yeah."
 "You're very beautiful."
 "She gets that from me!"  Washu insisted.
 Ryoko rolled her eyes and walked over to Trunks.  "Whaddya say we
blow this popsicle stand?"
 "I'm with you!"
!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()
 Chi-Chi had finished looking at the cave where Ryoko had been
imprisoned.  She wondered about what was or had been behind the iron
gates.  She stood for awhile, pondering, but then decided to go to the
onsen.
 It took her awhile to find it, but eventually she did.  She walked
inside and found Aeka.
 "Hello Princess Aeka."
 "Hello.  How is your stay going."
 "Wonderful.  Its peaceful here."  Chi-Chi said sliding into the
water.  "I see you like Tenchi."
 "Very much Miss Chi-Chi."
 "He looks like he woud make a good husband."
 "Yes.....what is it like to have a husband?"
 "With Goku, it can be wonderful, but scary.  He is so sweet, but then
he drags Gohan off to some battle.  He doesn't realize that I'm scared
to death of those battles!  I'm afraid one day he won't come home!"
 Aeka gave Chi-Chi a comforting smile.  "There has been times when
Lord Tenchi has fought too.  I know how scary it is thinking the one
you love could die."
!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()
 Sasami laughed in triumph as she defeated Gohan for the tenth time.
 "I never knew a person who could beat me at this game!"  Gohan mused.

 Sasami smiled and checked her watch.  "I'd love to win more Gohan,
but I have dinner to cook."
 "Thats okay Sasami.  I'll go and keep you company."
 The two ran down to the kitchen, passing Goku, Piccolo, Vegeta, and
Tenchi in a blur.
 Piccolo was snoring away, and Vegeta had lost interest, but Goku
continued on, recounting every detail of every fight.
 Goku stopped talking to watch Sasami and Gohan.
 "Awwww!" Goku said laughing.  "The little guy's in love!"
 "Females," Vegeta sneered.  "The number one weakness!"
 "You said it!"  Tenchi agreed.
!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()
 "Dinnertime!"  Sasamia called awhile later.
 Kiyone and Mihoshi entered the house, just as everyone was crowding
around the table.  Kiyone leaned against the wall and closed her eyes.

 "I'm so exhausted!"  she said wearily.
 "Hard day Kiyone?"  Sasami asked.
 "Yeah."
 Tenchi looked over to Washu.  "Um......Little Washu."
 "Yes?"
 "How are we going to fit everyone at this table?"
 Washu gave him a big grin.  "Just leave it to the greatest scientific
genius in the universe!"
 Her Washu-bots appeared on her shoulders.
 "Leave it to Washu!"  A said.
 "She's a genius!"  B exclaimed.
 Washu gave Bulma a friendly wink as her holo computer appeared in
front of her.
 She punched a few keys and the table disappeared and was replaced by
a new, longer one that was already set.  Everyone sat down as Sasami
brought the food over.
 Soon, everyone was talking to everyone else, causing the room to be
filled with joyful chatter.  Washu would type a little on her holo
computer, say something, and then join the conversation.
 "Washu..."  Tenchi began.
 "Ah ah ah!  *Little* Washu"  Washu interuppted.
 "Um....Little Washu, what are you doing?"
 "I'm creating rooms for our guests to stay in."
 Tenchi nodded.
 After dinner, Washu showed them the extra rooms.
 "Am I a *genius* or what?!"
!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()
 Washu sighed.  For the past week, the Masaki house had been
peaceful.  For once, no fights.
 She was working alongside Bulma.  They both knew that the two groups
wouldn't be able to stay together forever, but they wished they
could.  So they worked on new inventions to keep their minds off their
worries.
!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()
 Ryoko and Trunks walked into the house.  Ryoko was excited.  Her
excitement flooded into Washu's head through their mind link, causing
her to run up to Ryoko.
 "Ryoko!  You can't be this excited and not tell me why!"
 "First you have to get everyone in here!  Especially Aeka, heh heh."
 "Oh come on!  Tell me tell me tell me!"
 "You can wait."
 "Oh okay."  Washu said disappointedly.  Her holo computer appeared
and she typed half heartedly.  Everyone appeared. looking confused.
 "All easy for the greatest scientific genius in the universe."
 "Oh....its just Washu."  Kiyone said as the Washu-bots appeared on
Washu's shoulders wearing little pink cheerleading outfits.
 "Go Washu, go Washu!  You're a genius, you're a genius........"  the
sang.
 Washu danced a little to their song, but turned immediatly serious,
remembering Ryoko's news.
 "What are we here for?"  Tenchi asked.
 "Ryoko has some news."  Washu explained.  "What is it Ryoko?"
 Ryoko smiled at Trunks.
 "We're in love!"  Trunks said.
 "And we're getting married."  Ryoko added.
 Everyone was silent, then everything started at once.
 Washu and Bulma rushed up to congratulate their children.
Tenchi silently thanked Trunks.  Mihoshi started to sing about a
wedding.  Aeka stood up and laughed her high-pitched laugh.
 "Now Tenchi is mine!"
 Vegeta looked to Tenchi.  "Don't fall in love man.  It'll be your
worst mistake!"
 Aeka looked at Vegeta angrily.
 "Its too late Vegeta!  Tenchi already *does* love me, don't you
Tenchi?"
 "Um............"
 Ryoko looked from Bulma to Washu and shuddered.  They were already
discussing some kind of invention that would make wedding planning
easier.
 <Oh great.  *Two* scientific geniuses for mothers.>
 Mihoshi yawned and said  "I'm sleepy!  Can we go to bed now?"
 No one heard her.  Every one was engaged in watching Aeka and Vegeta
trying to outdo eachother.
 "Have *you* ever fallen in love Vegeta?"
 "Yeah."
 "You have?"
 "Yeah!"
 "What happened?"
 Vegeta jerked his thumb in Trunks' direction.  "Kids."
 Aeka smirked.  "Heh heh!  Almighty Vegeta can't handle the pitter
patter of little feet!"
 The *whole* gang was now watching the two.  They all burst out
laughing at Aeka's wit.
 Watching Aeka and Ryoko fight was annoying, but watching these two
fight was just plain ol' amusing!
 "What do *you* know about kids you nitwit?"
 "Nitwit?!  Azaka......Kamidake........."
 The two guardians appeared beside her.
 "Aeka, not in the living room!"  Tenchi yelled.
 "Everyone duck!"  Washu exclaimed.
 Everyone got on the floor and covered their heads.  They weren't
stupid.  They knew what was coming.
 "Yes Miss Aeka?"  Kamidake asked.
 "Attack him!"  Aeka ordered.
 "Yes Ma'am."
 The two guardians powered up.  Vegeta just smiled.
 "All right!  Now were talking!
Gaaaaaaaaaaalllllllllliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiccccccc Guuuuuuuuuuuuuuunn!"
 Trunks stepped between Aeka and Vegeta.  "Dad!"  he shouted.  "Don't
you *ever* hit a girl!"
 Vegeta stopped his blast and Aeka stopped the guardians.  Vegeta
turned to Aeka.  "You're lucky this time princess!"  he sneered.
 "I think its time we got to bed."  Bulma said softly.
 Everyone else agreed and hurried out of the room.
!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()
 A few days later, Washu and Bulma were standing in front of Ryoko and
Trunks with a large book in their hands.
 "This is our invention to help you plan the wedding!  With this,
you'll be able to get married sooner!"
 "What is it?"  Trunks asked.
 "Its our Do-It-Yourself-Wedding-Made-Easy-Book."  Washu explained.
"With this book you can pick a time, date, and place for your wedding,
design your own decorations, dresses and tuxes, pick a preacher, order
food, everything!  Instead of it taking months to plan the wedding,
you can plan it within a day!"
 "Wow thanks guys!"  Ryoko exclaimed.
 "Yeah!"  Trunks agreed.  "We won't have to wait to be married!"
 Washu smiled and looked to Ryoko.
 "What is it Washu?"
 "Ryoko!  For crying out loud, CALL ME MOM!"
 "Okay okay!"
 Washu looked at Bulma.  "They grow up so fast!"
 "They do."  Bulma agreed.
!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()
 A month later, Washu cried silently as Ryoko walked up the aisle in
her stunning dress.  Trunks stood proudly, watching her.  Washu was
Ryoko's Best Maid, which pleased her.  Mihoshi, Kiyone, and even Aeka
were also Bride's Maids.  Vegeta, Goku, Gohan, and Piccolo were
Trunks' Best Men.
 The couple said there vows, and finally, sealed the deal with a
kiss.  Washu watched sadly as the limo drove off.  She and Bulma had
created a large home for the happy couple to live in as a wedding
present.  It was in the woods near the Masaki home.  At least her
daughter would be close.....but it would never be the
same................
!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()
 Everyone gathered together in Washu's lab to see the guests off.
Washu walked up to Bulma.
 "Here Bulma.  These are for you."
 A pair of Bulma-bots took their places on her shoulders.
 "Bulma is the greatest!"  A said.
 "She is the best!"  B agreed.
 "Come visit anytime."  Tenchi said laughing.
 Washu waved sadly and pressed a button on the IAT.  Trunks waved his
goodbye as the six people disappeared.
!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()!@#$%^&*()
 Epilogue................
 Goku, Vegeta, Chi-Chi, Bulma, Gohan, and Piccolo all returned to
their own places.  They explained Trunks' disappearance.  But they all
returned to visit once a month.
 Aeka and Tenchi soon fell in love and were married.  Gohan and Sasami
were in love too, but waited for awhile before they got married.
(Teehee)
 Aeka convinced Chi-Chi to talk to Goku about her fears.  She did and
Goku completely understood.
 Everything had been peaceful since the guests had come to stay with
them.  And it still was.  Washu had a feeling it would be peaceful for
a loooooooooooonnnnnng time....................

 THE END

Like I said, this is my first crossover fic!  If you have any
questions or comments or anything, let me know at
iamabrat@voyager.net
Thanks!
