Chapter 2
        Fighting and saving friendships

Tenchi was sitting on a stump in the woods when Ayeka
came up to him. she sat next to him. “are you all
right lord tenchi?”

“miss Ayeka, how could she leave? Where is she? We
need to know,” tenchi said. Ayeka looked at him, then
down at her hands. She started to cry.

“i… I don’t know lord tenchi, if she’s some where,
we’ll find her,” she put her face in her hands. Tenchi
looked at her. He put an arm around her. She laid her
head on his chest. “I’ve never told any one this, but,
ryoko has always been like… like, a sister to me, even
though we fight, I still think of her as a nice
person.”

“ I know how you feel.”

“really?” she looked at him. He smiled.

“yes.” She looked back down.
****************************************************************
Back in nermia, ryoko, the tendo’s and both saotoma’s
were all sitting down at the dinner table.

“so father, what’s the news?” asked Nabiki.

“well, genma and I are going to be out of town for the
next to weeks, on a training trip. I expect we can
leave the house and not come back to a hole in the
ground,” said soun.

“your leaving? Where?” Akane asked.

“were ever the road takes us, we’ll call when we get
there,” genma said.

“when are you leaving?” ranma asked.

“geezz, didn’t know you all wanted us out of the
house, maybe we shouldn’t go after all, genma!” the
two fathers started to laugh.

“hey, that’s not funny. We’ll be okay, who’s in
charge?” kasumi asked. They stopped.

“well, we never really thought of that,” genma said
and looked at his friend. “well, I guess you will be
in charge.”

“no!” said Nabiki.

“hey, dad!” said Akane, she stood up, “I can’t believe
this! I’m more mature then she is!”

“yes, but she’s more responsible,” answered her
father. They stood. “well, we would wait a few more
days, but we have to get going now.” they left the
room, the family and ryoko followed.

Ranma was studying in his room when ryoko came in. she
laid on his bed. he looked at her. “hey ryoko,” he
closed his book. “whatcha doin?”

“nothing,” she said and sat up.

"oh, Ryoko, I forgot to inform you that when are go to
school tomorrow, you might want to watch out for
Shampoo, Ukyou, Kuno, Mousse and Ryouga. they probably
will show up. You’ll never know." Ranma said smiling.

"Oh, like they can do anything to me." Ryoko smiled
back at Ranma.

"Don’t be so sure of yourself." Ranma said.

"Ha!" Ryoko laughed, "Like you can ever beat me!"

"You bet I can!" Ranma said, moving fast he jumped on
Ryoko and pushed her against the wall, "What do you
think of that?"

"You know. I could get out of this real easy!" Ryoko
said, still pinned against the wall.

"Oh, your two are in big trouble!" both of them turned
to the voice, it was Nabiki. In her hand she held a
picture she just took-Ranma pinned Ryoko to the wall,
both smirking, and they looked like as if they were
about to kiss. Both of them started to blush, because
they noticed how they looked in the picture. "So, how
about it? Both of you pay me 50,000 Yen or should I go
get Akane to take a look at this picture?"

"Nabiki!” ranma yelled.

"Nabiki! How could you be so cold? Don’t you have
really feelings? you know I don’t have that much
money! Why are you so unreasonable?" Ryoko said as she
looked sadly at Nabiki.

"Nabiki, look at me. When you black mail people, it
may see fun for you, but did you ever think about the
person your black mailing? Ever think about how you
would you feel if you were the one being black
mailed?” Ryoko said calmly at Nabiki.

"I...I," she was shocked, and everything Ryoko said
was true. She had been so cold to everyone, and there
are many that hated her. She acts as if it was
nothing, but she know she feel pain inside. "You’re
right." Nabiki said quietly, "I have been a jerk! But
I need the money from what they pay me for me to keep
quiet.”

"Try to get a job, Nabiki." Ryoko said with a smile,
"Just a small part time job, and maybe you should get
your father to get a job too. It’s just so sad to see
the old man, sit there doing nothing all day, and
maybe Ranma’s father too. Nabiki, I really want people
to like me, not hate me. I want be your friend, but I
won’t like it if you blackmail me."

"I’m sorry Ryoko," said Nabiki also smiling, "but for
now I just have to keep on doing what I’m doing, after
all Nerima won’t be Nerima without the famous Nabiki!
Plus it’s for my family, and somehow it’s become my
hobby. However, I guess I can make an exception for
you. You know, no one ever had the guts say things
like that to me before, your very brave Ryoko. As for
why I’m going to make an exception for you, I don’t
know, but I guess I’ve got a good feeling about you."

Nabiki smiled at Ryoko before leaving for her room,
but then she turned and handed Ryoko the picture, then
begin walking away again. Ryoki smiled softly as she
looked at the picture, while Ranma was in total shock.

"Are you Ok?" asked Ryoko as she looked at Ranma.

"Wow!" Ranma said, “amazing! You got Nabiki to let you
off the hook!"

"Come on." Said Ryoko as she smiled. "She’s not that
bad. Well, come on we need to go to bed. come on
ranma!" Ryoko started to walk toward Ranma’s room.
‘She’s cute.’ Ranma thought to himself as he walked
back to the room.
Tenchi looked into ryoko’s room. Clothes were all over
the place, books, CD’S, magazine’s, and the futon that
hadn’t been slept in since she left. He looked up at
his father.

“tenchi, how have you been?” he asked.

“not to good. I can’t believe that ryoko would just
leave over something so little,” tenchi looked back in
the room.

“son, why don’t you go find her. I mean, this week, I
grandfather is going to have some guests and he may
not have time to train you, so why don’t you start
looking for ryoko, she may need you.” That was
something that tenchi thought he would never hear his
father say to him. Tenchi looked at him, then walked
towards his father.
“I think, I will dad, thanks,” tenchi started down the
stairs.

“good luck tenchi.”
***************************************************************
                        End of chapter two
My name is Cherie Allen; I live in solon, Iowa, im a
big Ranma and tenchi fan. I hope you will read the
next chapter and the ones to follow. That’s that
Email me at future_is_generation_x@yahoo.com or
bluefireflirts@yahoo.com for any questions or
comments.

Thanks!!!!!!!!!!