Chapter 1
        Ryoko’s leaving

Ryoko sat at the edge of the lake, watching the rain
hit and make ripples. “Oh tenchi,” she said and closed
her eyes. The flash of tenchi and sakuya kissing made
her shutter. Then ryoko and tenchi fighting came into
her mind. Ryoko was yelling at tenchi when he started
to defend Sakuya. She then started to cry. A picture
of the gang flashed before her; Tenchi with Sakuya,
holding eachother. Ayeka and Sasami vanished and
Mihoshi and kiyone walked away. Then ryoko opened her
eyes. Tenchi hit her in her memory, causing ryoko to
back away, turn and vanish.

“Ryoko!” called a male voice. It was tenchi. Ryoko
whipped her tears and stood. Tenchi came by her.
“Ryoko, its raining, come inside. Ryoko, are you
okay?” he stepped in front of her. She turned her
head.

“Don’t come near me,” she said and turned around.

“Ryoko? I know why you’re angry, but please, come back
to the house, it’s pouring and you’ll catch a cold.
Ryoko?” he put a hand on her shoulder.

“Stay away from me,” she said and disappeared. Tenchi
stood there and looked at the air.
That night they were all eating dinner except ryoko.
Sasami came down with a note with Tenchi’s name on it.
She handed it to tenchi.

“What’s this Sasami?” he asked.

“I found it in ryoko’s room,” she said. Tenchi opened
it and started to read.

Tenchi,
I’m sorry, I must leave. I don’t know why, I’ve always
thought I was strong and I could take anything, but it
seems that I can’t. I sorry, at first I though to let
the past be the past, but I just can’t seem get the
picture of you and Sakuya kissing out of my mind. I
know you love her and I can’t take her place, so, I’ll
be gone by the time you read this, never to return.
Please don’t be mad at yourself. It was my fault. I
don’t know why. Good-bye, Tenchi, I’ll miss you and
I’ll never forget you, I promise.
I love you,
Ryoko

"Ryoko..." Tenchi said as he stared at the letter.

"What’s wrong tenchi?” asked Sasami.

Tenchi simply handed her the paper and sat down at his
place in front of him.

Sasami read the letter out loud to everyone, and when
she finished, everyone was shocked.

************************************************************

"Damn Sakuya!" Ryoko said, as she walked along the
street in a town called Nerima. She sat on a bench
outside a large house. She put her head in her hands
and curled up.

"Are you all right?" asked a male voice, she looked
up. a teenage boy sat next to her. He had black hair,
it was tied into a pigtail and he was wearing a red
Chinese shirt and black pants.

"I’m fine." She said quietly.

"Are you sure? You don’t look to hot." The boy said.

Ryoko looked at him and got up, “I’m oooayy.” She
fainted. The boy caught her just in time.

"Hey, don’t you faint on me!" said the boy, “oh man!”

Ranma held her tight as he walked up to his home,
seeing his family in the dinning room, eating dinner.
Ranma decided to jump up to his window. He set her
onto his bed, and made sure she was all right. Ryoko
opened her eyes.

“Good, your all right,” he said, “Were do you live?”

“I had a home, but I’m not welcome there anymore,”
ryoko answered. he smiled. “I’m ryoko.”

“I’m Ranma. Don’t worry, you’ll be welcome here,” he
said, she smiled, “were did you live?”

“Up north, with… a big family, it doesn’t matter now,
so, where am I?”

“In Nermia.”

“Nermia? That’s far where I came from, I didn’t think
I came that far. I thought I was just in the next town
over.” Ryoko said, confused.

“no, you’re in Nermia, how far did you come?”

“from Okamaya.”

“I think I’ve been there, to a shrine neat there, the
Masaki Shrine, a few years ago.” That got Ryoki’s
attention. She snapped up, looking at Ranma with her
golden eyes. “what?”

“nothing, why, why did you go there?” she calmed down.

“my dad took me on this bug training trip, and we went
by there near the end of the trip, after a, so, how
long did you live there?” ryoko was still fixed on the
words he didn’t finish.

“what was that?”

“how long did you live there?”

“no, before that, you didn’t finish that sentence.”
Ranma sighed. He started to explain the trip and what
had happened, how he got fixed up with Akane, Ukyou,
and shampoo, and all his friends.

“Wow,” ryoko said, kinda shocked. Ranma smiled at
ryoko, “it’s not that bad.” ryoko smiled back. ‘She
looks cute when she smiles; I wonder if dad will let
her stay here, after all she doesn’t have a home. “Hey
ryoko, I think that you should stay with us, since you
don’t have a home.”

“Will you’re family mind?”

“Well, I’ll ask them. I’m sure that they won’t mind.”
They went down the hall, meeting Akane turning the
corner. She was about to say something when she
noticed ryoko.

“Ranma who is that?” Akane yelled, she raised her
eyebrows. “you jerk!” she brought of her hammer, ready
to hit Ranma.

“Akane, wait!” Ranma screamed.

“Tell me who she is!” yelled Akane, she tried to hit
Ranma, but he took ryoko’s hand and they ran down the
stairs into the living room. Akane came after them.

“Come on Akane! Don’t hurt us! Ryoko’s just a friend!”
Ranma pulled ryoko out of the way before Akane hit
them both.

“So you know her name!” Akane sung and missed, “die
Ranma!”

Ryoko couldn’t take it any more, she was reminded of
tenchi as the two fought. She let go of Ranma’s hand.
Ryoko then yelled, “ STOP IT RIGHT NOW!!!!” Akane and
Ranma stopped in their tracks. “Please stop, this will
only hurt the one you care about. I’m not a new lover
of ranma’s and the reason I was with him because he
found me and I fainted. I’ll leave right now, I’m
sorry,” ryoko then ran out the door. Ranma looked at
Akane and ran after her. He grabbed her arm. She
turned, tears streaming down her face.

“Please don’t leave ryoko, I need a friend like you.”
Ranma said. Ryoko looked at him, then looked away.
“I’m sorry for what happened in there, no one has ever
been so nice to me or my feelings,” he hurried that
last part, “please don’t leave.”

“Ranma,” said Akane, she was at the door, and then she
ran back in. Ranma and ryoko sat on the ground. He
hugged her.
Akane sat on her bed as she cried. “Why fall in love
with her and not me Ranma?” she sobbed. She buried her
face in her pillow. “I hate you Ranma!” she yelled
into her pillow.
****************************************************************
Tenchi and everyone were getting depressed from
missing ryoko. Tenchi hadn’t talked to anyone, Sasami
wasn’t cheery, and the rest of the girls sat quietly
alone. ‘I still can’t believe,’ tenchi thought.

Back at the tendo house, Mr. Tendo was having a
nervous break down. “My son in law is cheating on my
little Akane!” as soon as Ranma delivered the news to
the family. “How could you do something like this?”

“mr. Tendo, I can ex-“ the paniking man cut ranma off.

“my poor Akane,” he turned to ryoko and ranma, “how
could you do this?”

“Mr. Tendo, there is nothing between Ranma and me!”
ryoko was trying her best to clam Soun. “I’m telling
you the truth.”

“Miss ryoko, I must tell you now to leave my son in
peace!” said genma.

“I can’t believe this!” said Nabiki.

“AHHH! SHUT UP!” yelled ryoko, “listen to me, Ranma
and I are just friends! Nothing is happening between
us! Understand?” she screamed at the top of her lungs.
 They had all stopped and were looking at her if she
were crazy.

“Nothing?” asked genma.

“Well, then you welcome to the family,” said Soun, he
shook her hand. Ranma and ryoko smiled at eachother.
Akane sat in the corner of the dining room and
watched.

“Where is ryoko going to sleep?” asked kasumi.

“In ranma’s room, that’s the only one for her to sleep
in,” said genma. Ranma and ryoko blushed. “So take
what ever you brought and put it in ranma’s room.

“I don’t have anything,” said ryoko. “Just me and my
money.” Soun nodded.

“Then we’ll have to go shopping in the morning, don’t
worry, your welcome here.”

“Great, come on ryoko, I’ll show you around,” said
Ranma, taking her arm and leading her out of the room.
Akane watched. Ranma and ryoko ran up to ranma’s room
and she sat on the bed. Ranma pulled out a futon from
a closet and laid everything out on the floor. Ryoko
smiled as he finished. Ranma sat back on his heals and
looked at ryoko.

“Thanks Ranma,” ryoko said and she couldn’t stop
smiling. Ranma blushed.

“It was nothing, so when do you go to sleep?” he
asked, ryoko shrugged.

“When ever.”

“Okay,” he said, there was a pause, “would you like to
see the dojo?”

“Sure,” Ranma took her hand and led her back down
stairs and outside. They entered the dojo. Ryouga,
moose and kuno were sparing together. They turned as
they came in.

“Hey Ranma, who’s that?” moose asked.

“This is ryoko, ryoko, kuno, moose, and ryouga, she’s
staying here now,” Ranma said and ryoko bowed. The
others did too.

“I’m so pleased to meet you,” ryoko said.

“So, your staying here?” ryouga asked.

“Yeah,” she smiled.

“Hey ryoko!” said a female voice. They all turned to
see Akane standing in the door with her training
outfit on. She came in.

“Yeah?”

“I challenge you,” Akane said.

“You challenge me?” ryoko said.

“Akane, I don’t think that’s a good idea,” said Ranma.

“Why?” Akane asked.

“Don’t worry Ranma, I can handle her,” said ryoko. She
and Akane were then standing in the dojo, ten feet
away from eachother. Akane was in her ready stance and
ryoko was just standing there. Ranma, moose, kuno, and
ryouga stood on the side. Akane then came at ryoko
with a punch. Ryoko caught her fist. Ryoko smiled and
threw her back. Akane stumbled and looked at ryoko,
who was still standing there, she then kicked her.
Ryoko ducked. Akane then punched her. Ryoko caught it,
and then Akane kicked ryoko. Ryoko caught her leg and
then threw her back over her shoulder. Akane landed on
a mat and looked up. A bokken sat on the floor. It was
kuno’s. She grabbed it and turned and ran toward
ryoko. Ryoko dodged the bokken and turned. Akane
turned and swung at ryoko. She hit something. Ryoko
had pulled out her own weapon. Ryouga, moose, kuno,
and Ranma were surprised.

“So, you want to fight dirty hmmm?” ryoko asked. She
threw Akane back. Then ryoko came at Akane. Akane
jerked to the side. Ryoko hit the ground and made a
body pattern in the wooden floor. She looked for Akane
and saw her just as she threw a chi blast at her.
Ryoko stood there as it hit her shield. Ranma and the
others gasped. Akane stepped back. Ryoko then threw an
energy blast at her. Akane jumped out of the way.
Ryoko was then hit in the head. She turned. Akane
stood there. She punched ryoko. Ryoko stepped back and
brought out her sword. She looked at Akane. Akane
threw a chi ball at her and ryoko batted it way. It
hit Akane and Akane fell back. She hit the ground,
sinking in a ways. Ryoko stopped. She held out her
hand. Akane took it. They stood and started to laugh.
Ranma and the others looked at eachother. Ryoko and
Akane came over to them, still laughing.

“I never knew you were so good, ryoko, and I didn’t
know you could form you chi into a sword, how?” Akane
asked.

“Ahhh, old trick, took me years.” Ryoko and Akane
smiled and walked out of the dogo. The guys looked at
them as if the were nuts.

                End of chapter one
My name is Cherie Allen; I live in solon, Iowa, im a
big Ranma and tenchi fan. I hope you will read the
next chapter and the ones to follow. That’s that
Email me at future_is_generation_x@yahoo.com or
bluefireflirts@yahoo.com for any questions or
comments.

Thanks!!!!!!!!!!