Author's Request: Well, This should've been posted months ago but several 
mishaps and tricks of fate has delayed it until now.  Yes, we know the fic 
contains many grammatical and probably a few spelling errors slipped by us.  
We'll get to them.  Please no C&C about those two things...
And on to the FIC!



Homecomings: A Tenchi Muyo/El Hazard crossover

By Kain the Seeker
  AKA Andrew Graham (kaintskr@aol.com)
  Co-authored/Plotted/Connived by Deunan (deunan@aol.com)
  Co-read by Ransyu(w_iz @ hotmail.com)

CMA Disclaimer: All characters are the respective property of the owners, 
Original characters are mine (or Deunan). 
Actions of all characters are not by my hand/or fault. (Blame my MUSE! I do!)  
:-}


Afura Man floated up to the Eye of God and landed gently at the edge of the 
platform. She hadn't been up here since that day, six months ago when the war 
with the Bugrom ended. 

The day Ifurita had been banished across space and time. The day he started 
dying bit by bit without her. 

Makoto didn't even notice her land, he was concentrating on a section of the 
book that he had taken from the Royal Archives. Nearby was Ifurita's Power Key 
Staff. He looked frustrated as she approached, tossing the book aside.

"I was so sure," he muttered as he picked up the staff key and walked over to 
pick up the book, "I'm so close, I know it." He noticed Afura Man as he turned. 
"You here to bring me back to the palace, Afura?"

"No, Makoto. The princesses' didn't send me, I came on my own. To see how you 
were doing. Everyone is worried about you. You don't sleep, you don't eat and 
you've pulled back from everyone that cares for you."

He turned away and looked at the surface of the immense artificial moon that he 
stood on. Trying to put the feelings into simple words was the hardest thing 
that he had ever done.

"Afura, have you ever loved someone so much you can't get out them out of your 
mind? I see her every time I close my eyes, gliding down that shaft and knowing 
that she will be waiting for me before I even met her. 10,000 years worth of 
waiting. She might not be able to survive past the time that she sends me back 
here."  He closed his eyes and pushed the pain back down deep before continuing 
"I'm afraid that she won't recognize me when I finally get back."

Afura sighed and turned him to face her. "You love her more than I have ever 
seen anyone love before Makoto. You will find her." She took his hand and walked 
him away from the platform," If you don't kill yourself in the process. 
Come on, when was the last time you ate?"

"I.... I can't remember." Makoto replied quietly, the fight and fire had gone 
out of him, exhausted if she was any judge of things.

"Well, as a friend, I won't let you work another minute without some food and 
rest first."

------
Elsewhere, a world away...

Ayeka closed the large textbook startling the concentrating Tenchi. Sasami ,who 
was watching nearby, giggled at watching him jump.  

"We're done already?"  Tenchi asked. For the past couple of weeks, he was being 
tutored on his Jurai heritage.  So far the tutoring sessions only concentrated 
on the Royal Language.  It was beginning to gnaw on him that nothing, so far, 
ever delved into Jurai's past.  It was almost as if she was hiding something.  

"I know it's been bothering you that we haven't gone into any of our history, 
Lord Tenchi.  But I wanted you to learn enough of the Royal language to at least 
understand part of this...,"  The princess trailed off trying to find the right 
terran words for it, "This...song?"  Tenchi watched as a strange emotion 
flickered across her and Sasami's face.  "It embodies Jurai itself."    

The song began softly in the royal language of Jurai seemingly penetrating and 
surrounding his very essence at the same time.  He was mesmerized like a siren's 
call, yet not understanding all of the words.  So beautiful and yet very sad at 
the same time, his heart seemed torn.  Then he saw...

A world beautiful and at peace with a civilization that spread almost to the 
heavens. Then images of a brutal senseless war encompassing all.  Children 
turning to men on the battlefield.  Bodies strewn across entire landscapes.  
Then a man.  His face hard and cold looking down upon a city. Tears mixed with 
blood as he thrust his clenched fists towards the sky. Then ebony flames 
consuming all...

"Tenchi?"  Sasami shook him gently breaking the trance.  

"Oh, sorry."  He whispered as Ayeka finished the song on one last mournful note.  
Sasami wiped a tear from her eye. He wasn't far from one himself. "That was 
beautiful," he said.  Ayeka gave him a wry smile.

"Thank you.  I apologize for my lack of skill, but Funaho is the true singer of 
the family."  

"What was the song about?"  He asked even as the images of his vision seemed to 
slowly slip away, "I still don't understand enough to make it out."

"It is about how the Lost Clans came to Jurai, over 10,000 years ago. We, our 
forebears, were at war with a great evil. Finally, they were forced to use a 
weapon of the greatest power to turn the tide." Ayeka sat on the grass beside 
Tenchi, "a few of those people stood their ground against the enemy, to buy the 
time that the others needed to make the Great Weapon ready. When it was 
unleashed, they expected to die. Instead, they were banished from their 
homeworld and found themselves stranded on what would one day be called the 
planet Jurai."

"Which means 'haven' in our ancestor's native tongue." Sasami added as she 
unpacked the lunch that she had brought.

"Exactly, Sasami. We were given a second chance at life, on a world that was 
fertile and peaceful. Our ancestors eventually lost hope at ever getting back 
home and instead set about making Jurai our home. Very few reminders of the Time 
of the Beginning remain. You have one of them, The Master Key. The other is our 
traditions and stories of that time.

"What does the last bit mean, Ayeka?" He couldn't get that last mournful verse 
from his mind.

"The song ends like this... 'When will we return, when will the clans be 
reunited, when will our hearts again be whole."

------
Sheyla ran through the halls of the palace.  -Afura, you little weasel bringing 
Makoto down and not even telling me.-  She finally arrived at the palace 
kitchen. Carefully, she put her ear to the door listening for anything.  
Nothing.  She opened the door to find Makoto sitting alone at a table staring 
into a goblet.  

"Makoto?"  She asked tentatively. He seemingly took no notice and downed the 
entire contents in one swift stroke. Setting the goblet back down, he refilled 
it.  

"Hey, Sheyla."  He whispered.  "Now I can see why you and Fuji-sensei drink this 
stuff."  She went to his side and saw four empty jugs of wine. -Oh lord-  

"You'd better ease off the stuff, you're going to feel like hell in the 
morning."  She tried to say it lightly only to choke. It pained her to see him 
that way.  A bitter chuckle worked its way to his lips.

"I don't care," he said slightly slurred.  He held up the goblet to his eyes 
swishing around the red liquid.  "I still see her you know..." he said his voice 
trembling on the brink of choking in sobs, "in my dreams just like the day she 
left."  He rose suddenly and hurled the goblet against the stone wall.  It 
shattered into a million shiny pieces. "And I couldn't save her... and I can't 
save her now!"

Sheyla stepped back startled at the force of his words.  "No, you can't believe 
that.  YOU PROMISED TO FIND HER," She said almost in disbelief at Makoto's 
words. She had never seen him lose faith, even in the darkest hours of the war. 
It scared her to see him like this. He took several breaths. He looked up at 
Sheyla tears coursing down his face.  

"I know."  He said hoarsely. His body was wracked by sobs, and he collapsed in a 
ball. Sheyla rushed to his side holding him in her arms. He cried into her 
shoulder, and she held him gently rocking him and stroking his hair.

Sheyla looked down at the boy, no, man that slept fitfully in her lap. She 
wondered why he had started drinking. The answer came to her easily, she had 
used alcohol for it enough times. -To keep the memories away, I'll bet. - 

She wished she could talk to someone about this. Everyone had been out of the 
palace attending to some duties or another. Afura, she flew back to Mount 
Muldoon to check the shrine. Miz and Fujisawa were off planning their 
wedding, and Nanami had been keeping to herself lately. Alliele was moping about 
the palace while Fatora was out on some royal tour. 

-Not to long ago, I would have killed to hold you like this Makoto, - she 
silently told him as she ran a hand through his hair, -Now, all I want is to see 
the pain leave your face for a second even if it had to become my own. It isn't 
fair, you saved this world. You deserved a little peace of your own.- Tears ran 
down her face at the injustice of it. The pain that was almost as bad her own 
pain when had she realized that Makoto could never love her. 

"It's just not fair," She whispered to the night, not sure whether she was 
referring to her situation or Makoto's. 

Makoto stirred restlessly trapped in the dreams of the past. Images of Ifurita, 
before and after her imprisonment, flittered through his dream along with the 
Eye of God. He saw images of the Great War, memories he had taken from 
Ifurita when they bonded last, the Time of the Makers as it had become to be 
called, An age of marvels before the end of the war. The ebony fires of war 
parted and suddenly their was only one image left in his mind. A simple object, 
but one of great power. -The Master Key- whispered a gentle voice in his mind. 
Then his dream faded as he fled into a deeper sleep.  

Fujisawa examined the door carefully.  Sure, it'd be easy to break it down.  
When he got sober, of course.  But he didn't really want to intrude. Which he 
wasn't, meeting Miz's parents wasn't something that he hadn't wanted to do 
sober. He had stopped by just to check on his student after a Miz commented on 
the fact that she had left her room much for over a week.

"Nanami, we're getting kinda worried.  You've been cooped up in that room for a 
couple days now.  I've only seen you come out to grab the odd bite to eat.  Is 
something wrong?"   He put his ear to the door hoping to hear something, a hint 
of what his student was up to.  "I'm going to break down this door!  Clear out!"  
He rammed his shoulder against the door hard. He bounced off the door and landed 
clumsily on his rear end.  "Gotta lay off the wine," he mumbled rubbing his 
shoulder.  

"Don't come in...." Came Nanami's voice from inside.  

"Why?!  It's been two days since you came out for food," He shouted, concerned 
for his student. Makoto was the obsessive one, wasting away while looking for a 
way to master the Eye of God. Nanami, on the other hand, was the proverbial salt 
of the earth. This wasn't like her.

"Umm...CRAMPS!"  Fujisawa slowly backed away from the door.

"If you need anything.... I'll be..." Losing the battle with what he wanted to 
say, Fujisawa did what any dedicated bachelor would do in a situation like this. 
He cut his losses and ran. -Maybe, I should have Miz handle this. -

Nanami almost laughed at the sound of Fujisawa's frantic retreat, but the pain 
was too much. -Well, mom, you were right. That's the perfect way of getting a 
man to leave you alone. - She had bolted to her room not too far ahead of her 
teacher and it was only luck that he was slightly drunk this time, or her secret 
would be in the open. She shuddered as the pain wracked her body. 

"Not again, please, not again." she begged in the futile hope that someone out 
there would take pity and spare her the pain. It was like her entire body was on 
fire, it was worse than the last time. Something that she had been sure was 
impossible. 

Then as quickly as it had come, the pain vanished. Like a dream in the morning. 
For long seconds, she lay on the bed whimpering as the last remnants of the pain 
washed away. She struggled to sit up and ran her hand across her face to brush 
her hair out of the way. Only to freeze in horror as her gaze rested on the lock 
of hair on her hand.

-No!no!no!no!no!no!no!no!no!no!no!no!no!no!no!no!no!no!no!no!no!no!no!no! It's 
not possible!, Please let this be a dream!- She silently screamed to herself in 
shock. Reality refused to change for her, and she curled into a fetal position 
in her bed.

"This can't be happening to me," she whispered to the reflection in the mirror 
across the room. 

------- 
Elsewhere, a world away...

Tenchi stirred restlessly in his bed. The night was quiet, Kiyone and Mihoshi 
were out on patrol, and Washuu was locked away in her lab meddling with the 
secrets of the universe. -Something that doesn't require the services of her 
favorite guinea pig'- He smiled wryly, life had certainly not been dull since 
the day that he sneaked into the family shrine. Even Ayeka and Ryoko had held 
off feuding today. -All in all, a very good day-

The only thing that kept him awake tonight was something he had heard this 
afternoon. Ayeka's voice kept ringing through his head, a little bit of her song 
that wouldn't go away. -.. when will we see our homes again... when will our 
hearts be made whole.-

"What does it mean?" He rolled over, pulled something out from under the sheets 
beneath him. He lifted the small slender object into view. -The Master Key-, he 
looked over the sword, many people had hinted that it had greater power than he 
had drawn from it yet. Ayeka, Grandfather, Washuu, Ryoko and Kagato to name a 
few. "What are you really capable of?"


Afura coasted up to ledge outside the Shrine, as the priestess with mastery over 
air it was child's play for her to fly out to check the mountain shrine 
periodically.

She looked back across the vast crags of Mount Muldoon, even here you could seen 
the Eye and the Stairway into the Sky. Her thoughts were pulled back to Makoto. 
In a way, she was jealous of Ifurita.

The Demon had the love of a man willing to tear away the wall between worlds to 
save her. -What have I got?- She asked as she walked into the entryway and 
checked the systems of the shrine. Artifacts that were centuries old hummed  at 
her command, displaying the entire status of the holy shrine. All clear, the 
images showed her. Her task finished she walked back onto out onto the ledge.

She stopped short, troubled by questions that suddenly came to mind.-Why should 
I go back? There isn't anything for me back there. Miz has her husband, and 
Sheyla is still trying to trip up Makoto, but I don't have anything to tie me 
there.- She looked away from the royal city, and a determined look settled on 
her face. She pulled open a small device on her belt and quickly typed a message 
on it, and then placed it on her belt again.

She stepped out of the concealing shadows of the shrine, and paused for a minute 
as she repositioned the pack on her shoulders. Then she turned and head north 
into the mountains.

------

Yosho gave his grandson an appraising look as he came down for breakfast. The 
boy was moving sluggishly and had dark bags under his eyes. He put a gentle hand 
on Tenchi's shoulder and stopped him before he entered the dining area.

"Are you okay, Tenchi? You look like you haven't been sleeping well."

"I've .. had .. some dreams." Tenchi answered reluctantly, and Yosho waited 
patiently for him to continue, "I just can't sort out what it was that I was 
dreaming, but it is just on the tip of my tongue." He looked up at his 
grandfather, "I'm sorry, but it is a little bit frustrating you know. Not being 
able to explain it, I mean." Yosho patted him on the shoulder and pushed him 
gently forward.

"You go ahead and get ready to eat, Tenchi. I have to talk to Sasami for a 
moment, and then I will be with you." He smiled, "We have a lot of things to 
cover in your lessons today."  Tenchi groaned as he shuffled over to the table. 
Yosho stopped Sasami as she rushed by with breakfast, "Sasami? Could you fix a 
picnic lunch today? I think that we all could use sometime away from the house." 
She nodded as she rushed to put the food on the table.

-------
Makoto looked over the tome again, it had taken days to find the right tome. A 
half remembered fragment of a dream wasn't much to go on. The forgotten diary of 
a historian that had lived centuries ago, his notes contained the needed 
references to books and papers even older. Finally his paper chase led him deep 
into the palace archives, to sections that hadn't been touched in decades.

"Finally," he whispered. He read the passage several times, consulting his 
translation notes at several points, and in slow ponderous steps he coaxed the 
story from the yellowed pages of the book in front of him.

He read through the story of the last days of the War, told through the eyes of 
the aide of Lord Kaizen -one of the great generals. He went cold at the last few 
pages of the story. -The Great Key-.

He rushed out the door at a run. -This time, I've got it. I'm coming Ifurita 
hold on just a little bit longer-

-
Sheyla's hair stood on end as she climbed out of the tub. The wind had picked 
quite severely and the sky was darkening with ever passing second. -No, - she 
went cold as she realized what was going on, -he couldn't have- She was out the 
door, dressing as she ran down the hall.
-
Makoto closed his eyes and concentrated on the image in his mind, ignoring the 
howling wind that was picking up. -Reach for it,- the Eye of God shuddered as 
his mind tripped switches deep within, then he saw the object that he was 
seeking in his mind's eye, -Bring it to me- He commanded the Eye. The wind 
suddenly ceased and he opened his eyes as the sky exploded in rush of light.
-
Sheyla's mad rush to the Stairway to the Sky skidded to a halt as the Eye 
exploded in a rush of light. "Makoto, what have you done?" She whispered as she 
stepped onto the transport disc. 

She rose into the spire in a rush of speed that blurred the wall as the disc 
finally brought her to the top of the Stairway. She gasped in surprise as she 
took in the wreckage and ruin around her. -One of the blasts must have gone off 
right above us. -  She finally found Makoto, unhurt to her relief. Then she saw 
the other body laying beside him.

A young girl, out cold like Makoto, dressed in an outlandish style of clothes. 
Her concern for the girl was cut short as she realized what must have happened. 
She picked up the girl and Makoto.

"Oh, Makoto what have you done?"
-----
On Earth

Washuu typed out a command on her computer and read out the results of her last 
test cycle. -Very interesting- she watched as the data scrolled by at an 
unbelievable rate. -Very close to the results that I wanted.- 

Her train of thought was broken as the entire Subspace lab shuddered. -What is 
going on?- Nearby, a computer screen exploded and alarms started sounding. 
Washuu grabbed her computer and with quick strokes called up the dimensional 
controls of her workspace. -Massive subspace disruptions- She typed out a flurry 
of commands, trying to stabilize the dimensional fields. Another, much heavier 
shock shook the lab. This time dozens of machines exploded. -Not good, what ever 
it is that is doing it has resonance's that are tearing down the stabilizers 
faster than the systems can reconstruct them- It was like trying to rebuild a 
small spider web when someone is dropping anvils through it.

She hit the door to the house at a full run, and was through it without a 
second's hesitation. It was that very second that the lab's field failed 
completely. One second she could see the lab, a variety of machines and holding 
cells exploding. The next it was the small room underneath the stairs of the 
Masaki home. She took off her lab coat and looked at the now missing tail of it.

"And with not a second to spare." she whispered. She had been literally a step 
away from being thrown across time and space. She frowned in frustration, "Now 
what am I going to get those specimens again?"  She shrugged.  It was no big 
lose; it'd be a weak or two before she had another up and running.

Then it hit her, the emptiness in her mind and heart. Where Ryoko's thoughts had 
been. Washuu turned and ran out of the house at a full run, fear driving her to 
greater speed.

"Ryoko! Ayeka! Tenchi! Anyone!" She came over the hill's top, to where the 
Masaki's picnics were held. She knew it well enough, Sasami was always eager to 
take advantage of a spring time day to eat out of doors. -Please let them be 
alright- She prayed , only to stop short at the ruin was left in the place of 
their favorite picnic spot.

"No!" Washuu screamed to the sky, as her heart broke into a million pieces. 
"Give her back, damn you!" her voice dropped to a whisper as she slid to the 
ground, "please give her back to me."

-
Tenchi landed roughly, his fall barely broken by the undergrowth. For long 
minutes he lay senseless on the ground. He returned slowly to his senses. 
Finally he was able to sit up and take in his surroundings.

"Where am I?" he asked as he took in the alien surroundings around him.

-
Yosho slid down the slope, acting more on instinct than anything else, pushing 
himself to the limits of his strength and endurance. He managed to grab Ayeka's 
hand only by the smallest of margins. 

With a grunt he pulled his half-sister up to safety. Her landing hadn't been as 
smooth as his, she had hit her head and fallen down further down into the 
ravine. He eased her down gently, -I hope the others made their arrival a lot 
better than we did,- he thought to himself as he looked the vast crystalline 
walls above him. -I've heard of this place somewhere- He slid the key into his 
belt. It would come to him in time he was sure.

-
Ryoko shook her head to clear it, -What happened, the last thing I remember was 
arguing with Ayeka at the picnic. Then..-
  
    Ryoko's reply was interrupted by an explosion of light above 
    them. Several globes of darkness formed in the open sky and 
    shot down towards them. Ryoko dodged one, and shot towards Sasami. 
    Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Yosho grab for Ayeka. 
    -Got to get the kid clear of whatever that is- Her thought was cut
    off as she hit the girl at almost full speed, and shot high into 
    the sky with her. One of the blasts landed where she had been only 
    a second before. Another engulfed Yosho and Ayeka. 

    "No!" she screamed as the blast left nothing behind but swirling dust. 
    Then another figure in the clearing drew her eye. Tenchi, sheltering 
    behind the Wings of the Light Hawk with five of the spheres burning
    through. "Tenchi!", Ryoko dove towards him trying to reach him in 
    time. The distance, along with Sasami's weight, were too great. 

    The Wings collapsed and she saw Tenchi engulfed by the dark spheres. She
    flew through the dust that was left in the wake of his disappearance, 
    and then she was overwhelmed by the sensation of falling as two spheres
    engulfed her and Sasami. 

Ryoko shook as the memory replayed itself in her mind's eye. The last few 
seconds before she blacked out felt familiar. -Like when I teleport - She looked 
around her, taking in the ruined landscape all around her. -Where ever the hell 
I am,- she told herself silently as she stood up and started down a convenient 
path, -it sure ain't earth.- She turned at the sound of falling rocks behind 
her.

"Ah," she said as she popped her fingers ,and a dangerous glow formed in her 
hands, "You aren't what I expected out of the welcome wagon, but I'm glad you're 
here anyway." she lashed out as she took to the air. 

The explosions keyed her into the berserk mode that Washuu had designed in her 
for combat. The world turned red as her blood roared with her rage. And as much 
as she had come to despise it in the last year, it felt so good.

---
Yosho helped Ayeka up, and looked her over. He had dressed the wound on her 
head, but he was still a little worried that she might be concussed. He waved 
his hand in front of her.

"How many fingers?" Ayeka squinted for a moment and Yosho saw a little bit of 
the delicate sister that he had know on Jurai all those years ago.

"Two."

"Good, you're most likely not concussed." Ayeka gasped in shock as he moved to 
one side to help her up.

"Great Spirits of Juria," she whispered in shock with wide eyes, "Yosho, tell me 
that I'm not seeing things."

Yosho turned to look at the object that she was pointing at. Long seconds passed 
as what he saw registered, 700 years of life on Earth had given Yosho the 
impression that nothing could surprise him. He was wrong, this was the first 
time that he was left speechless in that time.

"It's the Eye of God, just like in the old legends," Ayeka whispered, "then that 
means....." Yosho finished for her.

"... the Enemy might not be far behind." He said as he took a grim look on his 
face. They looked at each other, the fear was clear in Ayeka's face and Yosho 
couldn't be sure that he didn't show the same look on his. Suddenly the 
beautiful scenery and sunny skies seemed a little darker to both of them.

On the ridge above them, shadows gathered and watched.

----
Afura knelt down and examine the signs on the ground in front of her. -Bugrom 
raiding party, over two dozen maybe more.- More than she had seen since the end 
of the war. -What are they doing?-

Her thoughts were interrupted by a low rumble from further down the valley. She 
turned and glimpsed a column of dust settle far down the valley as a crystalline 
bridge collapsed. -What was that?- She took off at a full run, reaching into her 
sack for her activation pack. -I hope that I can get there before it's too 
late.-

----
Yosho blocked the claw that flashed down at him with uncanny ease, his shield 
flashing into existence a scant second before it could connect. He followed up 
with a slash that tore a chunk of the beast's hard shell and rolled away from 
another's attack. He risked a look over at Ayeka.

She fought with the fury of a true warrior, lashing out with a blast at the one 
beast that had faced off with her. Two more lay close by, crushed by the force 
of her powers. -She is so like Tenchi -, Yosho thought to himself as he danced 
through his enemies' attacks, -Gentle at heart but capable of such great fury 
and passion- A low rumble above him broke his chain of thought and he looked 
upwards. An enormous shard of crystal had broken free and was falling with 
deceptive slowness towards....

"Ayeka!" he heard the scream tear from him mouth, even as he bolted over and 
through the horde of creatures between them. He hit her hard, and shoved her 
clear of the shard just as it landed nearby with thunderous impact.

Ayeka shook her head clear as she sat up. The last thing she could remember was 
hearing Yosho scream her name just seconds before being shoved clear. She looked 
back where she had been, now covered by an enormous column of crystal. Yosho lay 
beside it...

"Brother!" she ran to him, -Please let him be alive!-. Yosho opened his eyes and 
smiled at her as she held him in her lap. He opened his eyes and looked up, not 
quite seeing her. "No, don't leave me. Yosho, please hold on." She whispered as 
she tried to staunch the flow of blood. Yosho seemed to recognize her and then 
looked past her again.

"They're waiting for me, Ayeka. My wife, and Atchika..." he looked at her, a 
smile on his face, "they're all so beautiful, I... wish..  you could see them." 
Then the life drained from him, one second he was there and then he was gone.

She eased his unseeing eyes shut, tears streaming from her eyes as she fought 
down the smothering despair that threatened to consume her. "So passes Yosho, 
first Prince of Jurai," tears blurred his face as she fought down the despair 
that surrounded her, and she was barely able to whisper the rest, "... and my 
first true love." Then her loss overwhelmed her and she wailed helplessly.

----
Afura watched helplessly as the column fell in the middle of the conflict. She 
felt the shockwave that shook the vast crystalline bridge loose. -Whoever it is, 
they aren't going down easily- She thought to herself as she redoubled her 
speed, -but with that many Bugrom, they will still need all the help that they 
can get.- She flashed into the battle area just in time, surprised with the 
level of destruction that had occurred on the small ridge. Bugrom corpses lay 
everywhere, and she could see the survivors clustering cautiously around the 
column trying to muster the courage to finish off their victims. -Well we won't 
have any of that- She swore grimly.

The Bugrom didn't notice the wind in the valley suddenly stop, and then return 
with a vengeance till it was too late. The first blast of wind, bearing small 
shards of rock and crystal tore through the Bugrom like a hot knife, and then 
Afura landed in front of the survivors and really let loose. The wind doubled 
and redoubled at her mental command, and soon only the strongest and biggest of 
the bugs were left clinging to the ground in front of her. She looked behind her 
and saw the girl and her companion. Rage burned coldly in her at the realization 
that she was too late to save the man. -I failed again-, she swore to the man, -
but you will be avenged- With a gesture, she blasted one after another from the 
narrow ledge and into the abyss below. Finally there was no one left to fight 
and she forced herself to power down. She looked back at the two warriors that 
she had saved, and the victory that she had just won turned to ashes in her 
mouth. -Sheyla wouldn't have failed,- she told herself miserably, only to stop 
short as she looked at the girl's outfit and face. 

"Ancestor's guard us." She whispered in shock, suddenly weak in the knees.

Ayeka looked up from Yosho's body, still crying, when a young woman bowed to 
her. She only caught half of what was said as the dark hair woman spoke in a 
dialect that she had never heard. Finally she caught a word that she knew 
for sure. Kaizen.

"Kaizen, he was the progenitor of our people. I am Ayeka, a princess of the 
planet Jurai. " The woman nodded and replied.

"I am Afura Mann, priestess of Mount Muldoon, ... your highness," She looked at 
Ayeka's face closely taking in the war mask that princess still wore, "Tell me, 
if you can, how long have your people lived on this ...  Jurai, my lady?"

Ayeka looked back at her savior in shock, finally realizing what had happened. -
It's not supposed to happen like this, it's was supposed to be a time of 
happiness and joy.-

----
Sasami woke with a throbbing headache and was surprised to discover that she was 
in alien surroundings. She sat up to get a better look around and instantly 
regretted. She fell back on the sheets with a groan. -I think...- she 
told herself,-that this is what Ayeka and Ryoko call a hangover. I definitely 
don't want to go through this again- Gentle hands eased her back on the bed and 
placed a damp cloth on her head.

"Shh.. little one, rest is what you need." 

"Who are you?"

"My name is Miz Mistal, we'll answer all your questions later. Now sleep." 
Sasami started to reply but she was so tired. Sleep rose up and swallowed her 
again, she heard a little more as she dozed off.

"How is Makoto?" a man's voice.

"He's okay, but the council wants to see him right now."

"Why?"

"Masamichi, he fired the Eye of God by himself. Needless...." Then sleep claimed 
her and nothing more was heard.
---

Afura ran interference for her companion as they entered the gate to the palace. 
-It wouldn't do for the wrong person to recognize her before I can get her in 
front of the council.- Kaizen's legacy was a shadow that dwelled close to the 
surface of all that was Roshtaria.  

It had taken her the best part of two days to get back from the shrine at Mount 
Muldoon. Her companion had almost totally withdrawn into herself after her 
brother's death. 

Ayeka's mental state made Afura reluctant to fly back, it wasn't too far a jump 
to see her pulling free and dropping from the sky like a rock. Not something she 
wanted to happen to one of the Lost. Not to mention the problems that she had  
been having herself. The last few days had been a constant battle for control.

-I won't fail her again.- Afura vowed, -hopefully I can get her in a secluded 
part of the palace till I have a chance to talk with Rune and the others. Before 
someone sees the War Marks.- She had given a hooded cloak to Ayeka so as to hide 
her face. -If the wrong people saw them, or the Master Key.- It had been 15 
centuries since Kaizen's insane act had stolen the bloom of an entire 
generation, but he was still cursed by many. Afura, as a priestess, knew the 
truth of Kaizen, but... The council would have to be informed immediately.

She looked at Ayeka and couldn't help but see the pain, despair and loss in 
those eyes. -Ancestors, I am only a mere priestess pledged to protect the 
secrets of the past, and a poor excuse for a healer of souls,- she prayed -but 
grant me the wisdom to keep this Lost Child whole.-

----
The loud shouts and angry voices echoed through the hall as he was escorted to 
the council chambers by two blank faced guardsmen, they had delivered the 
'request' to attend the council's meeting. Both stood aside and held a door open 
for him when they finally reached the doorway. The doors quietly shut behind 
him.

The shouting stopped almost instantly. He took his appointed seat in the 
smothering silence the filled the room. He looked up only once, to meet the eyes 
of Rune Venus, only to turn his gaze back down to the floor at the pain and hurt 
in her stoic gaze. 

"Why?" Rune asked quietly. Makoto ran his hand through his hair, trying to rub 
the pain and weariness away.

"I was searching for an object, the Master Key. It was an artifact from the Age 
of Marvels....." One of the lords cut him off abruptly.

"You risked the welfare of all El-Hazard on a whim? What if you had brought 
another monster like Jinnai or even another Phantom Tribe!!"

"Varic, that is enough." Rune's look of disapproval stopped the lord dead in his 
tracks, his next comment stilled before it began. Makoto resumed his survey of 
the floor, unwilling to meet anyone's gaze as he continued.

"Since the end of the war, I have been researching the Eye of God. Trying to 
understand the way it bridges between worlds. Most of you think it is to find a 
way home for myself and the others. It isn't just for that." A murmur of voices 
started to ripple through the council chamber. "I am trying to rescue the woman 
that I love, who was lost saving El-Hazard, Ifurita." The council gasped in 
shock.

"I thought that was a rumor!!!"

"That demon!"

"How!?"

".... deserved..."

".. rot in the darkness."

Makoto pushed down the pain that threatened to consume him in the face of all 
the hatred that was being directed at his lost love. -They will never 
understand.-

"ENOUGH!!", Rune shouted. "There will be silence in this chamber, and order as 
well, or I will dissolve this session right now!" The entire chamber instantly 
went quiet as Rune looked back to Makoto, and he knew instantly that at least 
one other in the chamber understood his shared pain with Ifurita. "Makoto, could 
you please continue?" It was comforting to see the understanding and empathy in 
her eyes.

"The Great Key, I found a reference to it and it's creator, Kaizen the Maker, in 
a very old section of the palace archives. It was designed to channel and 
control energies on an incredible scale; it was used to calibrate the Eye before 
it was first fired. I knew that there would be a connection between the two that 
I could use to bring it across time and space from wherever Kaizen's curse threw 
it. I didn't expect the Eye to surge like it did though, that was most likely a 
result of Gallus' sabotage. I was knocked out by the backlash when the eye 
fired. The girl, Sasami, was brought over by the blast also."

A variety of curses and oaths were whispered at the name Kaizen.

"From where and as there anyone else?" The council member, Varic, repeated 
again.

"I ... I don't know." Makoto answered, still looking at his feet. A hand touched 
his shoulder gently. He looked up a Rune, who smiled gently at him. The room 
degenerated into a flurry of conversations.

"He can use the Eye. I think that it could solve a lot of problems."

"The Bugrom aren't going to stay at the dimished levels, you know that they 
breed faster than a Kev'n-Kel..."

".. raiding activities are already picking up along the river of God again.."

"... our forces are still too green and untrained to face the hordes that will 
be massing..."

"Your highness, we must find out if there are others. Surely someone can make 
this boy tell us more of what he did. How many were brought across this time." 
Rune turned to Varic, her face darkening at the nobleman's presumption.  He was 
playing one of his power games once more.  A brief surge of anger flowed through 
her.  Their was times and place for politics not in a crisis like this.

"I can answer that question," came a voice from the door. Makoto turned and was 
surprised to Afura Mann standing at the entranceway with a cloaked figure, the 
two guards standing guard on her guest. "My lords, I know for a fact that there 
were only five people brought across from Earth." -How did she know that- He 
started to ask, when Afura nodded to her companion, who pulled her cloak back to 
reveal a face painted in a tiger striped-like pattern. The council, almost to a 
man, paled at the sight of her. Varic scowled and spat. "Your Majesty, and Lords 
of the Council, I would like to introduce you to Lady Ayeka, princess of the 
Royal house of Jurai and descendent of Kaizen the Maker. One of the Lost."

-You could know them all over with a feather.- Makoto thought as he watched Rune 
stand and greet their visitor. She spoke quietly to the girl, and then to the 
surprise of all hugged her. He looked over to the person sitting beside him, 
Alliele. She was crying and it looked to be tears of joy.

"Alliele, why are you crying? Who are the Lost?" She looked at him, surprised by 
his question for a second. 

"Oh, I forgot, you're not from El Hazard. This girl, she's from a group of 
people that were lost caught in the blast when the Eye of God was fired in the 
Great War. To see someone directly descended from the Lost after all these 
centuries is a miracle." Makoto looked around the council chamber as Rune led 
Ayeka away.

"Then why are you, Rune and the priestesses the only ones that look happy to see 
her."

"I'm.. I'm not sure." Alliele said with a confused look on her face.

----

----

Rune hugged the girl, and smiled at her. She could tell that Ayeka was tired and 
more than a little heartbroken.

"Welcome, Ayeka, we're your family. Kaizen was a member of the royal family. I 
need to know something, are there any others in your group who are descendents 
of Kaizen?"

"Just Sasami, myself .. and Tenchi. Why?" Rune sighed and gestured for a guard. 
She turned quickly back to Ayeka.

"This boy, Tenchi, have you told anyone what he looks like?"

"Just Afura Mann." Rune turned back to the guard.

"Find Afura Mann and get the description of the boy and make sure that he is 
brought to the palace immediately." She looked back to Ayeka and smiled to put 
her at ease, "I think that there is someone that will want to see you."

---
"Nanami?" Nanami started at the voice, and for a second she couldn't remember 
where she was. She had felt what seemed to be another of her 'attacks' coming 
on. -Oh, yeah the royal quarters- Fujisawa-sensei had threatened to tear the 
door down if she didn't come out. Miz wanted someone to watch after the girl 
while the others attended the council meeting with Makoto. -Their worried that 
Makoto might have brought another monster across like Katsuhiko, or...
"Nanami? Are you alright?" A hand on her shoulder brought her out of her 
daydreaming. She looked at the young girl beside her.

"What is it, Sasami?"

"Why are you so sad?", the younger girl asked with an innocent look that tore at 
Nanami's heart. She started to reply, but stopped as Rune walked in with another 
girl closer to her own age. Sasami lit up at the sight of her. "Ayeka!" The 
other girl rushed to the bed and wrapped her arms around the little girl.

Nanami slipped out the door as the two sisters were reunited and vanished into 
the shadows of the hallway. No one noticed her disappearance in the room.

---
Ryoko dropped straight down the cliff face, gliding silently to her target. The 
sentry spotted her only seconds before she struck. The explosion of her blast 
made any alert that it might have given moot.

-Ryoko! Stop this before it gets out of hand!- Yosho's voice rang through her 
mind.

"Shut up old man!" She screamed as she summoned her sword and lashed out at a 
massive creature that emerged from the hole. It went down under her attack and 
didn't rise. Her blood sang with glee as she moved in to enter the complex, 
the promise of destruction to come set her heart racing.

-I can't let you continue this destruction!- She laughed before replying.

"What are you going to do? You're just a figment of my imagination!" She moved 
forward into the shadows that she knew concealed the enemy. She felt the power 
within her rise and shift unbidden as Yosho replied.

-This!- came Yosho's reply as she vanished away from the carnage that she had 
made.

---
Sasami hugged her sister as Ayeka wept. She knew part of it was the same relief 
and joy to be together again, but another part of her knew there was more to it 
than that. She pushed out of the hug and looked at her sister's face, still 
covered in her War Mask. And knew without a single word from her sister. Yosho, 
son of Funaho and the crown prince of the planet Jurai, was dead. 

"Yosho?", she asked Ayeka with tears in her eyes now. Ayeka merely nodded and 
Sasami held her as she wept again. No one else truly knew how much Ayeka had 
felt for their half brother. She patted her sister's shoulder and whispered 
as her sobs shook her body. "I know.. ", she said as she looked to Rune. The 
older woman retreated out the door, this was clearly a private moment that she 
wouldn't want to intrude upon. -Oh, Yosho, my brother; why did you have to 
leave us now?- she asked his departed spirit.

----
"Who is this woman? Why is she single-handedly tearing apart my plans for the 
new campaign to conquer El Hazard?" Katsuhiko Jinnai looked to his Bugrom 
followers and listened to their mumbled replies. The yellow eyed demoness had 
been tearing through his forces for days now. He drew in a breath to continue 
his rant but was interrupted as one of the smaller Bugrom, one not much bigger 
than a hummingbird flew up and whispered something in his ear.

"What?" He screamed in surprise and listened as his scout repeated his report. -
So, there is another way to fire the Eye of God.- "Return to your post and bring 
me news of when and where this ... Master Key is located." -Soon, Makoto, I 
will finally be able to tear away all the impediments that you have thrown up. 
Nothing will stand in the way of my destiny.- Jinnai raised a hand in the air, 
"I won't be denied this time, Mizuhara!"

----


Nahto looked at his spy, leaning forward in the seat. For the first time in 
months, something had come up that could be of use. Hope, long thought dead with 
his master, now flared again. With it came purpose and the drive that had so 
long been denied him.

"Tell me again what your sources have told you." And the spymaster obediently 
retold the information that his spies had passed on to him.  Nahto waved him 
away as he finished, and the phantom spy withdrew obediently.

"How could such a thing be?" Nahto asked as he sat back on his throne. This was 
totally unexpected, "I thought that only two princesses of royal blood could 
fire the eye?"

"Not so, Shadow of Gallus." Nahto jumped at the voice to one side of him.

"Who is it?" A knife appeared in his hand as he conjured a light to fill the 
darkened room. A woman, tall and pale with dark hair, stood nearby. Nahto 
stepped back and forced himself to relax. She would never notice his attack, it 
would be like attacking a mountain with a spoon. Or so the legends said. 
"Harbinger, what do you want?"

"Why little shadow, are you afraid that I have come to usurp your hold on the 
phantom tribe?" She said with a little smile. Nahto forced himself to remain 
calm.

"No, you could have done that when you aided Gallus in his uprising. What do you 
know of these latest events?" He asked as he returned to the throne and took a 
seat.

"The boy, Makoto, fired the Eye in an attempt to recover a lost artifact from 
the Age of Glory. The Master Key." Harbinger stepped back into the shadows, 
fading away as she spoke, " I think that you will find that it has an 
interesting history little shadow, maybe you should look into it."

Nahto looked out onto the floor of the darkened throne room, his visitor gone in 
her usual mysterious manner. He wasn't concerned with her appearance or 
disappearance, but a vision of what would come soon.

The Eye glowing darkly in the sky above, lashing out death and destruction at 
his command.. it was a very satisfying.
----

Afura Mann shot up in the bed, a scream rushing out of her. She lay in the bed 
gasping for air as the nightmare vanished back into the night. All around her 
the rooms contents dropped to the floor, no longer held aloft by her 
powers. The windows were open to the night air now, the glass in them blown out 
by the winds that had come with her screams. She huddled miserably on the empty 
mattress, her sheets having been blown all around the room.

-Just a dream! It's just a dream! get a hold of yourself Afura!- She looked 
around the room taking in the devastation left from her nightmare inspired 
blasts. _That was without my amplifier rig,... if I had- Her thoughts were cut 
off by the realization that she was not alone in the room. She looked up at the 
visitor.

"So, have you come to gloat?" She asked, surprising herself at the amount of 
bitterness in her voice.

Sheyla sat down on the mattress and looked at her. Concern showed in her eyes as 
she handed Afura a cover. Afura took it and gratefully wrapped it around 
herself.

"You've never lost it like this before Afura. I came down here to tear into you 
over this," She waved the note that she had left at the shrine, "and I find you 
with less control than a base novice. What is going on?"

"I... I've lost my Focus," Sheyla looked at her in shock and Afura pushed on 
with her explanation. "Doubts best me at every turn. Everywhere I look and see 
things that should be within my power, things that I should be able to do as a 
priestess. I just can't seem able to do what is needed of me anymore." Sheyla 
looked at her in shock, it was long seconds before she had recovered enough to 
reply.

"Focus? What are you talking about Afura? You've always had that extra edge, the 
drive that Miz lacks. And you sure as hell have more willpower and control than 
I do. You don't let things distract you from your duties.

Afura sighed and rose off the bed, draping the cover over her shoulders as she 
stood up. Sheyla tried to ignore the wind that was whispering through the room, 
but it was hard when she knew that the wrong word or situation could literally 
tear apart the room.

"That's just it, isn't it? All I have is my duty. Miz has Fujisawa and you flit 
from one thing to another, except when you are chasing Makoto."

"Aw, come off of it. Look, love isn't all that is cracked up to be. Look at the 
fool that I have made of myself." She smiled wryly, but Afura could see the pain 
that lurked underneath the brittle surface.

"It's not that, .. I liked being a priestess even during all the grooming and 
training. The idea of being a keeper of ancient lore was appealing to me, and 
then there was the challenge of pushing myself to the limits. Honing the razor-
sharp edge of my powers to the utmost. All that drove me was the need.. the 
drive to improve. Now I see this road, no forks or turns, just leading forward 
with no end to it. I'm not happy or sad or anything anymore. Just this constant 
cycle of moving day to day trying to keep that edge, even with that I have my 
doubts. Maybe I'm not cut out to be a priestess anymore."

Sheyla was shocked by the revaluation that her friend was revealing. This was 
going far beyond the funk that she had expected, deeper than she could have 
imagined.

"Bullshit, we're heroes. The order hasn't had this many eager recruits in 
centuries. All of them trying to see if they have the gift like us." Afura 
turned her back and eased the cover down to her waist, leaving her front and 
back bare. The wind picked up just enough to make Sheyla nervous, she tried to 
break the mood with a little humor. "You haven't been hanging around with 
Alliele again have.." Then she saw it and the rest of her sentence died on her 
lips.

The interlacing web of scar tissue across her back, vivid red strips across the 
bare white skin. Marks that would last a lifetime, reminding Afura of her loss. 
Afura held up an arm, it was covered in a similar web of scars.

"Ifurita..." Afura nodded, " I never knew that it was that bad...."

"I was the indomitable one, remember? The one that couldn't be stopped in all 
our trials. Ifurita beat all of us, but she didn't finish me cleanly. She toyed 
with me. And I couldn't do a thing to stop her." Afura closed her eyes, and 
Sheyla could hear the howl of the growing wind outside, "I failed to stop her, 
and I failed to save Ayeka's kinsman....."

"So what are you going to do about it Afura?" Sheyla snapped at her in anger, 
"Give up, let your powers rot in some seaport or a freak show?" Afura slid the 
cover back on and turned to face Sheyla.

"I am going on retreat. Into the Mountains of God and there I will seek the Cave 
of Demons. I am going to regain my Focus, or make sure that I don't become a 
threat."

Sheyla looked at her friend in shock, surprised at the turn of events.

----
"She What!," Miz screamed upon hearing Sheyla's news. Mr. Fujisawa stuck his 
head up from the couch where he had been reclining, recovering from his meeting 
with Miz's family. Sheyla locked eyes with her senior priestess and repeated her 
announcement.

"She is going on Retreat, and is taking a quest to regain her Focus." Miz paled 
and sat down, suddenly weak in the knees.

"She's going to get herself killed," Miz moaned. Fujisawa sat down beside his 
bethrowed and looked at Sheyla.

"What do you mean, what is a Retreat?" Sheyla waved him into silent as she sat 
down.

"A retreat is a time for reflection and self discipline. The priestess' powers 
require great amounts of willpower to control. Without that control, our 
emotional states can trigger massive amounts of damage. These," she tapped the 
crystal rig wore most of the time, "amplify our powers but a priestess without 
Focus can achieve levels of power that can't be matched by an amplifier. Afura 
is the most skilled of the three of us in her powers, she made the study of them 
a focus in her life. Without a doubt she is the most powerful of the three of 
us. She couldn't stay in the city any longer without her Focus. If something had 
set her off, she could have easily have destroyed the palace or even the city." 
Fujisawa paled at the level of destruction that was being casually described.

"My goodness, that is terrible. Is there anyway for her to recover this Focus?"

"Yes there is," Sheyla replied, " She must face the fears and inner demons that 
destroyed her Focus."

"That means..." Fujisawa's question was cut off by his fiancee's reply.

"She will have to face Ifurita again, without any of us to help her." Miz, 
Fujisawa realized, had already given up on her friend.
-----

Ayeka wandered the massive floor of the hall, flitting from one group to 
another, never really paying attention to what is going on. She used to love the 
massive ceremonies and galas back on Juria, but now it seemed all a great waste 
of time and energy. She was alone, Rune had some situation to take care of and 
it would be several days yet before Sasami was strong enough to be allowed out 
of bed.

She grabbed a glass off of a passing platter, and sipped it as she walked around 
the room. She had been drinking steadily all night and as a result was fairly 
numb. 

It helped to make the alien surroundings seem more familiar. She kept seeing 
something familiar from Juria, only to find that the meaning or appearance of 
something she had known twisted out of context.

She turned to move closer to the open doorways, hoping to get some air to clear 
her head. -Before I let the wine go to my head- She told herself, though she 
really wanted to be alone. In avoiding one group of courtiers that she stepped 
into another one. She turned to apologize, even as the courtier did the same.

"Milady, I am so sorry, I wasn't looking..." then there was only silence as 
Ayeka looked at the courtier, who looked only a little more drunk than herself. 
He glared at her, and she could feel the hatred that seethed underneath his 
quiet demeanor. "Oh, it is you, Lady Ayeka." The title was one that she was used 
to, Tenchi and his father used it, but this time it was meant as an insult. 
Ayeka murmured a hurried apology and turned to leave, not wishing to have a 
confrontation, but the nobleman wouldn't have any of it.

"Hold on, I've something for you," he spun her around and threw his glass in her 
face, Ayeka fell back a step stunned at his actions. The rage on his face grew 
darker and for a moment, she thought that he was going to strike her. That was 
when she acted, more on instinct than thought.

One moment she was in the ornate gown that Rune had given her, there was a flash 
of light and then she was garbed in the battle garb she had arrived in. The 
nobleman's slap stopped short of her face and she stuck a palm outwards. There 
was a small flash of light and then the man was gone. Blasted far across the 
room and into a table laden with food.

Ayeka looked at her hand as if it was an alien thing and then at the stunned 
crowds in the hall with her. Then she fled the room at a full run.

----
Rune rushed down the hall at nearly a run, but not quite. Her companion kept 
pace with her as he explained the situation, and she got the feeling that it was 
going to only get worse. Lond's story did get worse as he finished up and 
she stopped just short of the doorway.

"He did what!" She knew that Varic was a little impulsive and reckless when 
drunk, but to do something of this level was hard to believe.

"After he threw the glass of wine in her face, it looked like he had intended to 
strike her. She ... changed, into the outfit and War Marks that she had wore 
into the council meeting, and then struck Varic."

"And how is Lord Varic?" Rune asked coolly, Lond's didn't give good odds on 
Varic's welcome at court anytime soon.

"He is angry, but otherwise unharmed. Princess, you do realize that Varic is one 
of your sister's favorites and holds much influence."

"I'm aware of that, Londs." She stepped into the room and took in the confusion 
and devastation that was left in the wake of the incident. She scanned the room 
quietly, her eyes running from one group to another, but she didn't find the 
person she was looking for. She turned to Londs. "Where is Lady Ayeka?"

"I don't know, Princess, she ran off after the incident and I have several 
others out looking for her." Rune turned and headed out of the room, she still 
had much to do.

"Londs, make sure that the men that find her understand that I will be very 
upset if there are any other more of these incidents."

"Yes, Princess."
----

She finally stopped running, unsure of where in the palace she was. All she had 
known was that she wanted away from the hatred that she had seen. She looked 
down at the sword in her hand. -It's all I have left of you, Yosho. It and 
Tenchi- She sat down and looked around her, she was in some sort of garden. -
How could they hate me so much for something that happened so long ago. Kaizen 
paid for his sins, why blame us?-

Her gaze came to rest on one particular flower in the bed beside her. -A Royal 
Teardrop- she picked one and looked at it, trapped in the recollection of a time 
long ago on Jurai. The last time she had truly been at peace.

[flashback]
Ayeka looked up. Yosho was calling her. She gathered up the wreath she had been 
making and ran to him. 

"For you, Yosho." She said as she placed wreath on his head.

"Ayeka, why are you out here?"

"Because you went out, leaving me behind." Yosho laughed gently as he scooped 
her up. Ayeka looked at him with a smile, blushing.

"One day, I will be a bride, won't I Yosho?"

"When you grow up."

"It is the color of your eyes." Ayeka said as she slid the flower into the 
wreath. Yosho set her down and pulled it out to look at it.

"A royal teardrop", somehow it disturbed him.

"What's wrong?", Ayeka was confused by her brothers reaction. He looked in her 
eyes, suddenly sad and aged beyond his years.

"This flower shouldn't be used for a happy occasion."
[end flashback]

-He knew,- Ayeka realized as she snapped back to the present,-even then he knew 
that he wouldn't be allowed to marry me. That the clans wouldn't allow a half-
breed to take the throne.- Someday, you will understand he had told her after 
Kagato's attack, when she realized that he was Tenchi's grandfather. She though 
back to his dying words and the happy expression on his face. -I will take you 
home brother- she swore grimly, -that much I can do.-
  
Then she heard a noise to her left, and quickly retreated into the shadows, she 
wasn't ready to face anyone yet. A lone figure sat down on nearby bench and 
looked up at the Eye of God above. She made out the figure as a cloud moved 
away from the huge artificial moon.

-Makoto- She moved closer to see what he was doing. She hadn't had a chance to 
meet the young man that was responsible for her coming to El Hazard. He seemed 
so sad and tired for someone so young, like the weight of the world was on his 
shoulders.

"Makoto, Makoto.", she was startled by the sudden voice near the boy. 
Unbelievably, it was a cat that spoke to him. Makoto looked down at the cat and 
picked it up.

"Hello Ura," he said as he stroked the cat's belly. It purred loudly and make it 
clear that more of the same was expected. It looked up at him, and she could see 
that it had a very expressive face.

"Makoto miss 'furita?", it asked with a sad voice. Ayeka suddenly understood why 
there was so much weight on the young man's shoulders. -She must be some kind of 
woman for him to risk so much to get her back.-

"Yeah, Ura, I do. I... I miss her a lot." The pain was so clear in his voice, 
Ayeka knew the level of despair behind that. She had felt the same way before, 
when she had gone looking for Yosho. Before she had found Tenchi. "I did 
something bad, Ura, and got someone killed in the process. Will I be able to 
look her in the eye when I find her, knowing that I killed someone to get her 
back?"

Ayeka found herself walking forward and before she knew it she was beside him. 
Makoto looked up in surprise, and moved quickly to set aside the cat and stand. 

"Lady Ayeka, I'm sorry. I didn't know that you where there." Ayeka waved the 
rest of his explanation away and sat beside him.

"Makoto, tell me about Ifurita."

Makoto met the princess' eyes and saw her pain and loss. All of it due to him. 
Suddenly the pain and guilt were too much, and all the months of pain and doubt 
overwhelmed him. He collapsed into a sobbing heap. 

"I'm so sorry, so sorry..." he wept as he curled into a fetal position on the 
ground. All that he had left was the pain and loss, and all the he did brought 
more..

Ayeka knelt beside him and pulled the weeping boy into her lap. All she could do 
was hold him and help him through his pain by being there.

Finally Makoto cried himself out. He looked up at the tearful face of Ayeka, and 
reached up to wipe away the tear on her face. As he reached up his hand brushed 
up against her headband.

"I'm sorry...." Contact was all that was needed, his power did the rest. 

Ayeka and Makoto were frozen in place for long seconds as memories were 
exchanged between the two.

For Ayeka, she got to see the last few minutes that Makoto and Ifurita shared 
together. She shared his sorrow and despair like it was her own. She understood 
exactly what they shared, something that Makoto never tried to explain. It 
was beyond simple words. It was too painful to think that the woman you love 
might die after centuries of waiting.

Makoto saw the battle between the Bugrom and the Jurian nobles. He felt Ayeka's 
bloodlust in the battle and Yosho's death. He understood what exactly she had 
lost. He knew that she never had the chance to say goodbye or fully resolve 
the feelings that she had for her half brother.

Then, as quickly as it had started, the bond was gone and they were on the 
ground looking at each other. Makoto sat back and looked at Ayeka in shock.

"How?"

"Your power," she tapped the headband, "it reacted with this and allowed us to 
share one another's memories for a time."

"Oh," it was a little much for Makoto, the emotional rollercoaster of the last 
few days. Ayeka stood and held out her hand, knowing instinctively what they 
both needed. Ayeka smiled as she pulled him into the waiting gala.

"I think that we have both brooded far too long. What is needed now is something 
more  cheerful."  Makoto forced a smile to his face.

----
 Afura looked up at the peak from her campfire as she cleaned up her night time 
meal. It had taken several days without her powers to reach this point in the 
mountains. The whole time she had followed the old traditions, refusing to use 
her powers or outside help. She was sore and tired, it had been a long climb and 
she wasn't as used to the thin air of the higher altitudes as she had been 
months earlier.

"Tomorrow" She whispered as she looked up at the peak. -Tomorrow I face the 
Demons in the cave and....- She dozed off before she could complete the thought. 
She wasn't sure that she wanted to consider the possible outcomes.
----

Ryoko blinked into existence, and could feel the passage of time from her 
teleport to the moment that she had just come to. Her surroundings were alien 
and that confused her even more. As had the rage and bloodlust that she had 
seemingly just felt and now didn't.

"Yosho, what did you do to me?" She asked aloud, only to hear her voice echo 
around her.

-What needed to be done. You were reverting to what Kagato had made you, and I 
couldn't allow that. Tsunami and I spent far too long to let that happen.-

"What are you talking about. What did you do to me?" She asked, scared that she 
might already know the answers.

-Eliminated Kagato's programming nothing more. I had to enlist the aid of 
'others' to do it in my current state, and they have a price for such things-

"State? What are you talking about? Where are you?"

-I'm dead, held to this plane of existence only for a short time by my link with 
you and your gems. Ryoko, we don't have time for an explanation. Look around you 
with your spirit sight, what do you see?- She looked as she was told and 
gasped at the sight.

"Spirits, thousands of them! All around me. Yosho, what do you want me to do?" 
She felt the spirit shift with her gems as he quickly explained what was needed 
of her.
----

Afura pulled herself up onto the ledge and stood. It had been a long hike up the 
peak, but now she was here. The cave of Demons. It was with a reluctant step 
that she entered the cave. She could hear her footfalls echo through the 
passageways as she walked further into the crystalline passages.

-Okay, I'm here, now what?- she asked herself as she rounded a corner. Any 
further questions or doubts were interrupted by the explosion of the wall in 
front of her.

The blast shattered the wall and threw her backwards. She grunted in pain as she 
hit the wall behind her. A shock of pain ran down her back and hips as she hit 
the wall. She fell to her knees and looked up at the new hole in the wall in 
front of her.

A figure emerged from the dust and smoke. For a moment it wavered as it calmly 
walked forward. Afura could make out the glimpse of Cyan hair and golden cat's 
eyes for a moment before the smoke curled back around it again. 

It shimmered and changed shape as it emerged. She looked on stunned by what 
greeted her as the figured resolved into a woman. She looked at the tall white 
haired woman and met her deep blue eyes.

"You!" She yelled in disbelief, "it can't be you!"

"What else did you expect to find in the Cave of Demons, Afura" the woman asked, 
"other than a Demon god?" Ifurita raised her powerstaff and pointed it at the 
astonished priestess.
----

"Hey you!" Tenchi was roused to full wakefulness by a rough prod. He looked up 
to see a guardsman on the other end of the staff that was jostling him. "This 
ain't an inn kid! Move on!" 

Tenchi staggered forward across the bridge, covering his mouth as he yawn. For a 
week or more, he had done odd jobs with a caravan to get to the city. The night 
before he had gotten what little funds the caravan master had owed him and 
walked to the gate. Tired and without a clue on how to enter the city, he had 
fallen asleep waiting for the city gates to open. He looked over the bridge at 
the city beyond.

"So this is Floristica," he said to himself. The city had the elaborate nature 
like that of an Arabic story. -I wonder if the others are there? I hope at least 
that there is some word on them.- The caravan master who had discovered him in 
the forest, had been certain that his kin would be there.

He soon found himself in a bazaar, bustling with business and stalls of all 
sort. He looked at one stall, a food stall, as his stomach issued a massive 
growl. The merchant heard and held up a bag of fruit. He rubbed thumb and finger 
together. Tenchi sighed and pulled out his small purse of coins as he set about 
the task of bartering for his breakfast. He finally settled on a small bag of 
fruit for several of his meager supply of coins.

As he walked away, months of living with Ayeka and Ryoko made him look back. 
Some instinct told him that something bad was happening behind him. He saw 
several guardsmen making their way through the crowds. Towards him. One of them 
was talking to the merchant that he had bought his breakfast from.

Suddenly the sweet taste of the fruit didn't sit with him so well as the 
merchant answered the guard's question by pointing through the crowds right at 
him. -That tears it- he told himself as the guards all starting moving towards 
him, -I'm out of here!-

He bolted down the crowded street at a full run, with sounds of running feet 
behind him. Dodging down one street then another, he weaved randomly through the 
crowds trying to get away. As he came around one corner, he skidded to a  
halt as another squad of guards came into sight. -Great, now what?-

A pair of tanned arms emerged from the shadows behind him and pulled him into 
the half concealed alley behind him. One hand came across his mouth as a voice 
whispered in his ear.

"Don't move!"
----

Afura stepped back a pace, still half in shock at the sight of Ifurita. Her 
heart was in her throat. The wind in the cave started to build as she staggered 
backwards towards the entrance.

"Don't you think that it is a little too late to get away Afura?" Ifurita asked 
in a taunting tone. "You only have one thing left to do. And that is to die!" 

"NO!" Afura screamed and called for the wind, desperation and fear lending 
strength to her call. The wind rushed forward to fill her world, wild and 
savage, uncontrolled. 

The cave shook under the passage of the air, and Ifurita was pushed back under 
the rush of wind. The wind picked up speed, bringing all the small debris in the 
cave.

-No! Not like this!- She screamed to herself as she fought for control. The 
control she sought slipped out of her grasp and the winds grew in intensity. The 
objects lifted by the wind were growing in size and the gap between her and the 
objects diminished.

Present and past blended together into a melange of images.

"I'll stop you!" screamed Sheyla as she blasted out with a fire bolt that melted 
the rock of the cave at Ifurita's feet. The demon god stood firm, untouched by 
the attack. Then she retaliated with a fiery blast that blinded Afura for a 
second. Sheyla's scream of pain was thankfully brief. Her vision cleared to 
reveal the crisped corpse lying at the entrance of the cave.

"Sheyla." Afura whispered in shock. To one side, Miz screamed in outrage and 
lashed out with the force of a tidal wave. To no avail. Ifurita stood unfazed by 
the wall of water that crashed over her and with a simple hand motion 
reversed the flow of the water with such force that Miz hardly had time to 
scream before being washed away. 

The last of her that Afura saw was as she impacted with the cave wall with 
thunderous force. She cringed at the sound of the senior priestess' neck 
snapping. Then Miz was gone, washed away by the wall of water that she created. 
Ifurita turned back to face her.

"And then there was only you little priestess, all by yourself.." All the fear 
and repressed rage exploded as her fragile control shattered. Ifurita fell back 
under the hail of rock. Afura snarled in fury and lashed out at her, all 
pretense of control gone. The cave shook under the onslaught of the wind. 

It came with the force of a hurricane rippling items from the ground and hurling 
them down the cave. Afura reached deeper within, desperate for control and more 
power.

Ifurita staggered backwards a step and the wind grew more intense.  The ground 
shook at the passage of the wind, and still more came. Ifurita was forced back 
again.

Afura fought within herself to bring the power under control. Fear and 
desperation tore away the center that she needed for control. Afura tried to 
pull all her power back within and the fear twisted and warped it. Wind came and 
more came with every passing second.

The whole world shock under the passage of the wind. The cave creaked and moaned 
like a beast in pain, while Afura fought with herself. Buffeted by the wind and 
the rocks that it brought, it was all that she could do to remain standing.

Suddenly, the realization hit her in a rush of serendipity. Afura shook at the 
simplicity of it and smiled. She gestured with a hand. The wind died to 
nothingness and she stood in the cave with her enemy.

The silence was deafening as she stood there gasping for breath in the wake of 
her exertions. She hurt all over, her injuries just now making themselves known. 
Ifurita walked forward out of the smoke.

"What's the matter, Afura? Aren't you afraid of me?"

"Yes, I am." 

"Then what are you waiting for?"

"Nothing."

"Nothing?"

"What will happen, will happen. I was wrong to be afraid of fighting you, but I 
will never let that fear poison me again. All that can happen if that I will 
fail or succeed."

Ifurita smiled and for a second her image wavered and then vanished entirely.  
To be replaced by the hawk faced stranger that she had seen. Who promptly sat 
down beside her. The stranger smiled and patted her on the shoulder in a 
comradely sort of way.

"Not a bad little rumble, I'm called Ryoko. I assume that you are Afura Mann?" 
Afura started to reply, but the pain rose up and washed away all reality before 
she could.
----

"They can't see us as long as you remain quiet!" Hissed a voice by Tenchi's ear. 
The hand over his mouth slowly withdrew, "if you want to avoid capture, follow 
me." The shape retreated further into the shadowy alleys, and Tenchi reluctantly 
followed her.

Through back alleys, and side streets, Tenchi followed the slim figure and up 
onto the rooftops of the city, finally arriving at an empty street plaza. The 
figure turned and pointed to a small building as she pulled back her hood to 
reveal a pretty face, if she had bothered to wash it.

"I couldn't let you get taken by the guards, you don't look like a dangerous 
type of criminal to me."

"I haven't done anything!" Tenchi answered as she pulled aside a curtain and 
stepped into the decripid building.

"Yeah, that is what they all say..." He heard her drop to the floor with a crash 
and a groan. Turning quickly he discovered a haggard looking guard standing over 
the body of his savior. She was out cold.

Tenchi looked at the woman who had befriended him. The guard had laid her out 
for sometime from look of it. It must have been a really hard blow. The guard 
stepped over her, swinging his staff as he did so.

Years of training under his grandfather had honed reflexes and instincts that 
most people would never conceive of. He ducked under the extended staff and 
grabbed the wrist that was holding the staff. Then all it took was a slight jerk 
forward to pull the guard off balance and channel his momentum into a wall.

He impacted with the stucco wall with a wet smack and went down hard. He didn't 
get up. Tenchi pulled the small purse of coins that he had left with him and 
tossed it down the to woman. The sound of approaching feet told him that 
he didn't have much time.

"Sorry about this," he said before turning and running away. The guards caught 
sight of him just as he turned the far corner of the street and took up the 
chase once more.
---

Rune looked up as the messenger ran up to her and quickly bowed. Something about 
his desperate manner told her that this wasn't going to be something that she 
wanted to hear.

"Your highness, we have spotted the fugitive that you wanted captured. The Fifth 
company of the city guard is mobilizing as we speak. We should have him within 
the hour."

"Fugitive? What fugitive?" The slight headache that she had been having all day 
long now threatened to blossom into a full migraine.

"The one that you told Captain Merric to capture and bring to the palace." She 
shook her head and cut him off.

"The Captain was supposed to find and ESCORT Tenchi Masaski to the palace. He's 
to be considered a Diplomat of the first order and nobility."

"Oh crap.. I mean... that is, with your permission, highness." The messenger 
took off at a full run when she nodded. Rune wondered if the situation could get 
any worse as she watched the man run away.

She didn't know Tenchi's luck. Tenchi Masaki wasn't know for making good 
impressions. Ryoko, Ayeka and Kagato for example. Sheyla-Sheyla was about to 
make that list.
----

Tenchi came around the corner at a full run, only just keeping his balance as he 
did. He barreled through a group of people and pushed through at full speed. 
Just as he made it through crowd, he tripped and reeled forward. 

He crashed into a tall athletic woman, and together they tumbled to the ground. 
Tenchi landed on top, and for long seconds was frozen in place. His hands flexed 
reflexively as he straddled her. The redhead glared up at him and spoke 
through clenched teeth.

"Would you mind getting off of me?" Tenchi suddenly became aware of the sound of 
approaching guards and moved quickly got up and dashed off.

"Sorry about that!" he yelled to her as he dodged between the people on the 
street.
-----

Sheyla lay on the ground, angry and embarrassed beyond words as the guards 
pelted by. She had snuck out of the palace the night before to get a good drink 
alone without Miz or Rune interfering. 

The last thing that she had expected was to knocked down and fondled. Sheyla lay 
there and replayed the whole incident in her mind, clouded by her hangover, and 
got angrier. The gems flared to life as she sat up.

The crowd on the street parted unbidden as she stood and looked down the street 
at the back of the fleeing teen. Her hand rose and a ball of flame formed in it. 
She gestured towards him.

"Die!"
----

Sasami settled down in the mound of pillows that the servants had put out for 
her in the garden. Ayeka and Makoto helped the servants to setup of the picnic 
meal that Sasami had organized. The little girl had enough of indoors and 
solitary meals, and had insisted on a little company. Ura curled up in her lap 
as the servants finished assembling the meal and retreated.  The cat pleasantly 
reminded her of Ryo-oki.

They had just settled down to eat and had been joined by Miz when it happened. 
All of them looked at the cloud of smoke that followed the thunderous roar and 
watched in disbelief as a small building collapsed.

The two groups looked at each other. Ayeka and Sasami on one side and Makoto and 
Miz on the other. 

"Tenchi" the two sisters said together, with an air of certainly that had come 
from long experience.

"Sheyla." Miz and Makoto said with same amount of experience to judge from. Each 
of the twosome looked to the other group in surprise. 

Then Ayeka, Miz and  Makoto bolted from the room at a full run, leaving Sasami 
alone with the remains of lunch and Ura. She settled back into the mount again 
and rubbed Ura absentmindedly. The cat purred, happy for the attention and 
snacks that were forthcoming.
-----

Some deep down survival instinct told Tenchi to get out of the way at the last 
moment. He half hopped, half jumped out of the way just a second before the 
blast tore through the empty building.

-Why does this type of thing always happen to me?- he asked himself as he took a 
quick look back down the now clear street. The tall redhead that he had run into 
stood in the middle of the street alone. The bustling crowds that he had such 
trouble getting through were gone. The reason why was immediately evident by the 
fiery aura around her.

-Why me?- He thought to himself as he dodged another of the fiery blasts and 
bolted down a nearby street. A wash of heat at his back announced that his 
latest pursuer was gaining. He risked a quick look back and wished that he 
hadn't. 

The redhead was gaining, wreathed in flames, and Tenchi didn't like the look in 
her eyes.

Turning back around, he was stopped short by what he saw. What he had hoped was 
a backstreet had turned into a dead end alley. The woman slowly stepped into 
sight, haloed in a blinding aura of flame. Tenchi took an involuntary step 
back, only to be stopped short by the wall at his back.

"I don't suppose that an apology would do?" he asked weakly.
----

Ayeka followed the others at a full run. Makoto had the lead with Miz close 
behind. They all hurried towards the burning building in the bazaar district and 
it was child's play to follow the devastation from there.

Makoto disappeared into the fleeing crowds and the two women were hard put to 
keep up with him. As all three of them came around the turn, they saw Sheyla 
scream out and throw a monstrous wave of fire down the alley.

"Sheyla don't! That's Ayeka's kinsman." Miz screamed as the blast detonated in 
the alley. Sheyla snapped out of the rage and looked down the alley in shock.

"Oh no! I didn't mean to go so far," she said to Miz. Ayeka glanced down the 
smoking alley and saw something in the wreckage and ruin that lifted the 
horrible weight that had lain on her shoulders.

-The Wings of the Light Hawk!- She gave a small cry and bolted past Miz before 
the priestess could stop her.

"Tenchi!" she yelled as the wings vanished and he staggered out of the smoke and 
haze. She caught him as he collapsed, and she quickly checked him over. Aside 
from a few minor scrapes and burns he was fine. She looked up to the approaching 
trio with a smile. "Makoto, Miz and Sheyla, I would like to introduce my 
kinsman, Tenchi Masaki."

"Charmed, I'm sure." Sheyla growled.

"Sheyla behave!" Miz snapped.

"What did I do?"

"We've met before." Makoto said as he helped Ayeka. The others looked at him 
with wide eyes.
----

Afura awoke to find her wounds bound and a nice fire burning nearby. Her gear 
was laid out neatly and a small pot of stew bubbled nearby. The stranger looked 
up from the fire and smiled.

"Ryoko, right?" Afura asked as she sat up. Ryoko nodded and brought over a bowl 
for her.

"Sorry about the cave, I couldn't help it. There were so many spirits in the 
cave, and I got lost in the rush." Afura waved her apology away as she reached 
for the spoon.

"It was what was needed to be done. For us both, if I am right." She looked up 
at the mountain. "I definitely gained something out of my experience. Didn't 
you?" Ryoko looked up at the mountain and shook her head.

"No, I didn't. I lost something that I never really needed." The rest of the 
meal lapsed into uncomfortable silence as the two women ate and contemplated 
what had happened in the cave hours before.

----

Tenchi awoke to find Ayeka resting in a chair beside his bed, her face lined 
with pain even in sleep. He looked at her for long minutes. -What happened to 
you?- He asked the sleeping woman who had evidently stood watch over him for 
most of the day. As he watched her, she stirred and awoke.

She immediately looked to the bed, and smiled when she saw him awake. The smile 
sent a chill down his back, and a thrill in his gut. She jumped into the bed and 
wrapped her arms around him, holding him with a desperate strength that 
surprised Tenchi.

Her back shook as he returned the hug, and it took him a few seconds to realize 
that she was crying. Finally she looked up at him and he knew instantly why she 
was crying.

"Grandfather." he asked in a trembling voice. Ayeka merely nodded, still to 
shaken to speak. He held her for a while she cried herself out. Finally she 
looked up at him, and he saw the need in those deep purple eyes for the first 
time. 

Ayeka swallowed nervously and seemed uncertain of what to say for a few seconds.

"Tenchi, ... I .. love you." and before he could reply she impulsively kissed 
him. From there,without him realising it,both of them were on the bed,the once 
gentle kiss becoming one full of passion.Soft murmurs of passion rose from 
Ayeka's mouth as his mouth roam down to her neck.Clutching him tightly,she was 
lost in a sea of wilful emotions.Never would she dream that she would be with 
her love in such a situation.Her murmurs rose higher as his hands played magic 
upon her chest.

However,just as she thought she would lose herself fully in her rising 
passion,Tenchi pulled away abruptly.With laboured breath,he push himself towards 
the side of the bed,both his hands on his forehead.

"Tenchi......?"Ayeka spoke out.Her eyes that were once glazed with passion were 
again crystal clear.Seeing her beloved sitting there quietly,a rising ache rose 
in her heart as she suddenly realised what the matter was about."It's..it's 
Ryoko.Am I right....Tenchi?

"Ayeka,I'm...I'm sorry.I just can't.It's just not me.As much as I do realize 
just how much both of you love me,I just can't,"he spoke softly.Turning 
around,he stared into her lavender eyes.He could see the tears starting to brim 
in them.Hardening his resolve,he spoke again."Also,if we had......slept 
together....then I would have taken advantage of you when you are most 
vulnerable.I don't want that.Regarding Ryoko,yes,I do have feelings about 
her...the same as I do you.However,I'm just not ready to cross that line 
yet.There's a lot that need to be sorted out first."

"I......understand,Tenchi,"Ayeka replied as tears rolled down her cheeks."

"I'm sorry,Ayeka.I really do.It's just...."

"Shhhh,"Ayeka whispered as she held up a finger to his lips."I understand how 
you are feeling.I was selfish.Please...please just hold me 
tonight.That's..that's all....,"her voice cracking,she threw herself at 
him,crying out loud.Tenchi gently placed his arms around her, as her lowered her 
back to the bed.Rocking her softly as he stroked her hair,he muttered soft words 
in her ear,words meant for her to forget her pain and sorrow.In time,she felt 
asleep against him,her soft,rythmic brathing,a gentle distraction from the 
tears.As he continued stroking her hair,thoughts of Ryoko floated in his 
vision.And that was the only thought before sleep overcame him.    
-----

Ryoko phased into existence on the ledge, and gently landed. She took great care 
on where she stepped, Afura had been quite clear in the fact that the entire 
ridge was unstable following Yosho's last battle.

Finally she found a suitable piece of crystal in an nearby column. She conjured 
a blade and set to work. Several well placed slashes had were all it took to 
bring it into a suitable shape. 

Then she stepped into the cave and brought out Yosho's crystallized form out. 
With great care, she shattered the crystal that held him. The crystal winds had 
perfectly preserved him, she was glad to see. She picked up his body with 
reverence that was due to a fallen comrade and laid it on the column.

A quick flash of her power, and Yosho was forever entombed in a column of 
crystal. She looked at the face of a warrior at peace and smiled.

-It's not much Yosho, but it's the best that I can do. Rest in peace old 
warrior.- Then she phased back out of sight, returning to the campsite she 
shared with Afura.
-----

Tenchi slipped out of the bed and left Ayeka sleeping soundly alone in it. He 
pulled the covers up over her and smiled at the sight of her face. The pain and 
guilt were gone. He stepped out onto the terrace and relished the warmth of the 
morning sun.

It was good to be alive, he thought to himself. Then an image appeared in his 
mind, Ryoko in one of her rare gentle moods. -What am I going to tell her if she 
knew about this?- He thought with a grimace. Suddenly life had become more 
complex again.

"Hello, Tenchi." A voice from his past said, pulling him out of his thoughts. He 
turned and looked at the slender young man in sitting on a nearby bench.

"You look like hell Makoto." He said simply to his old friend, and smiled as he 
held out a hand. Makoto gripped the hand and shook it.

"It hasn't been easy for me over the last 6 months. I've had a lot on my mind." 
Makoto looked over Tenchi, hungrily it seemed. -What do you want, Makoto.- 
Tenchi was surprised at the changes that he saw in his childhood friend. Makoto 
fidgeted nervously under his scrutiny. "I never intended to bring anyone across, 
I only wanted to bring the Key over. Do you have it?"

"No, it must be with Ryoko." Tenchi said, surprised with the ease that he had 
just lied to an old friend. -I can't trust you yet,-he thought as he watched 
Makoto stagger off, bent under the weight of another failure, -you aren't the 
Makoto that I knew.-

Ayeka held a hand on his right shoulder as he watched Makoto walk away. He 
continued standing there,lost in his thoughts,taking comfort in the presence of 
Ayeka besides him.

"Why didn't you tell him that I had the key?" She asked quietly as Tenchi walked 
back into the bedroom and sat on the bed. Ayeka settled back a nearby chair. 

"I want to help him, but I don't know if I can trust him. Grandfather told me 
that key holds great power, but till I saw the ruins left from six months ago I 
didn't believe it. Makoto can fire the Eye, and he is trying to bring back this 
Demon god. That is a lot of power for one person to wield."  He sighed, his mind 
was awhirl with a thousand questions, "I see him, and one moment I see the 
friend that I grew up with before Mother died. Then the next moment, I see this 
wild-eyed stranger. It's his eyes, they scare me, Ayeka."

Ayeka pulled out the Key from the concealed place she had carried it since 
Yosho's death and ran her hand across it. Feeling every ridge and ripple on it's 
surface. She could feel that vast power within it, sleeping, merely awaiting 
Tenchi or another suitable owner to call it forth. She brought her hand up and 
ran it across her headpiece, recalling the experience that she shared with 
Makoto.

"He's sincere," she said quietly, "I know that much, but I have to agree with 
your assessment. He's unstable, torn up with grief and guilt." Ayeka felt like 
she had betrayed the gentle youth who had befriended her in the garden that 
night. She understood what Makoto was going through, having lived through it as 
she had. But she was still able to judge him and find him wanting. -I wonder if 
it would be so easy to do so if Tenchi had been lost to me?- She asked herself 
as Tenchi dozed off again. "I guess we will have to just wait and see."
-----

Nanami eased the door open, most of the guards didn't pay much attention to the 
prisoner in this wing and the council's state of agitation made it easy to slip 
through most of the ones that remained. Gossip and gambling, not guarding, were 
far more enjoyable.

She slipped from shadow to shadow with practiced ease, born of many visits. She 
opened the cell door, taking care not to make too much noise as she pulled the 
door closed behind her. Most of the guards had as much as said that there was 
no real reason to keep the door locked, but they were still expected to keep it 
lock and the key wasn't too easy to get ahold of.

This prisoner didn't want to leave. He had voluntarily accepted his 
imprisonment. Nanami had heard of him in the course of palace gossip and felt 
compelled to seek him out.

Fauric looked up from the scrap of paper that he was drawing on with a piece of 
charcoal. His normal intense look of concentration broke into a sincere smile. 
The smile banished the few wrinkles that showed on his bearded face. He 
brushed a stand of silvered hair back as he turned around to face her.

"Ah, k'Chara, you came to visit again." He put down the paper and pulled out 
another one, gesturing to one spot in the cell. "Sit please, I am almost done."  
She pushed away the clenching feeling in her stomach and sat down to pose for 
him.

He started drawing rapidly, occasionally looking up to motion for her to move in 
some slight manner. He spoke as he drew, taking care never to move from his 
post. She still was wary of him and ready to bolt at the first sign of trouble.

"Rumors usually don't make it down here till they are long past interest, but I 
have heard that one of the Lost have returned." Nanami nodded, then realized 
that he was still looking at his drawing and started to tell her friend what had 
occurred.

"...and that is pretty much it," she finished, looking out at the window of the 
cell and realizing how much time had passed. Time with Fauric never really 
seemed to matter, she didn't feel any of the weight or guilt with him. She stood 
and reluctantly walked to the door, "well I had better get going...."

"k'Chara?" Nanami looked back into the cell, both at ease and uncomfortable with 
his name for her.

"Please don't call me that, don't make me into something that I'm not." she said 
in a husky whisper from the doorway. Fauric looked at her for a moment with that 
intense gaze of his that sent shivers through her. It was like he saw her true 
self, and wasn't fooled by the facade she had put up.

 "Don't think you are a monster because of what you are, it's what you do that 
matters." She took that with her as she left.

Fauric looked up at the sky, his gaze resting on the Eye. It was painted blood 
red by the setting sun. On nights like this, he couldn't help but be reminded of 
the past. 

"Yes indeed, what you do is more important that what you are..." he said 
silently to himself as he relived the past again. He looked down at his hand and 
regarded the pale blue skin with a strange amount of curiosity. "Far more 
imporant is the deeds than the doer." he whispered as his mind conjured memories 
of the past.

------

The wall exploded inward, scattering guards everywhere, and Ryoko glided inside 
the palace through the hole that she had just made. Afura's pale form on her 
shoulder, Ryoko looked around before deciding on a direction.

-Got to find help quickly.- She thought desperately as she dashed away. She 
flashed through a crowd of guards, flitting from one vast chamber to another, 
looking for someone who might be able to help. Ryoko came out of a vast hallway 
and into a garden. -Is there anything but gardens in this place?- She saw a 
couple in robes in the garden. -A likely candidate for someone in authority.- 
She flew up and landed in front of the couple, gently placing Afura on the 
ground.

"I need help.." she said as she turned, "Tenchi? ... Ayeka?" Ryoko said with 
disbelief.Before she could react to the new circumstances, the ground beside her 
exploded as a blast went off near her. She turned and saw two women standing 
nearby, a tall slender redhead and a blue haired woman as well.

"Freeze!" yelled the redhead as she brought a flaming hand to bear on her. Ryoko 
was surprised as Tenchi and Ayeka rushed up beside her.

"Sheyla, she's a friend!"  Tenchi yelled.

"I got a hurt woman here." Ryoko said as she picked up Afura and brought her 
into sight. Both the women cried out as the injured priestess came into sight. 
The older one dashed forward and took Afura from her, dashing out of the room 
quickly. Calling for help the whole time. The redhead looked at Ryoko as Ayeka 
and Tenchi started asking her all manners of questions.

"I won't forget this.." Sheyla whispered as the golden eyed stranger slowly 
explained what happened to her since coming to El Hazard.

-----

Ryoko eased the door shut quietly, and slowly slipped into the hallway. There 
was only one thought in her mind, so it wasn't much of a surprise that didn't 
notice her watcher till she spoke aloud.

"Nice night out wouldn't you agree?" Ryoko spun around, a crimson sphere of 
plasma forming in her hands as she did. Sheyla Sheyla's eyes had a feral glow in 
them under the light. Ryoko relaxed and the light vanished as quickly as it had 
appeared, and the two of them were left with only the fitful moonlight to see 
by.

"What do you want?" Ryoko asked hesitantly, surprised with the speed at which 
she had reacted.

"Just to let you know that you are on notice." Sheyla said with a smile, "She 
didn't say it, but I know that you are the one that is responsible for Afura's 
injuries. You like hurting people don't you? I see it in your eyes, you've done 
it before. I'll be watching you from now on."

"Fine, I think that your friend recovering her focus would have been more 
important that hassling a new person, but then from what Tenchi and Makoto told 
me, you like starting fights." She walked by the priestess as she continued, 
intent on her destination, "I'm not like that anymore. It has too high a cost, 
Sheyla, remember that."

"So, where do you think you are going?" Sheyla said with an evil smile, "Do you 
think that Tenchi is eagerly awaiting for you." Ryoko glanced back, a flash of 
anger and hurt in her heart.

"I'm not the only one chasing a dream from what I saw between you and the boy 
Makoto." Ryoko turned and walked around the corner, leaving behind a speechless 
Sheyla behind. As soon as she was out of sight, Ryoko leaned against a wall and 
fought down the pain that threatened to overwhelm her.
 
She stopped just short of Tenchi's door, afraid to go any further. She started 
to move towards the door, only to stop as it clicked open. Quickly she stepped 
back into the shadows of the hall as someone stepped out into the hallway.

Ayeka giggled and gave Tenchi a quick kiss on his cheek before rushing off to 
the room that she shared with Sasami. Tenchi stepped back into the room with an 
amused expression on his face.Ryoko leaned against the column and didn't even 
try to fight the tears.

-Too late.- She thought to herself. -Oh Tenchi, why couldn't I have said 
something sooner?-

-----
Tenchi tossed restlessly, Ryoko smiled as she watched him sleep. She sat down on 
the bed and ran her hand through his hair. -I never get bored with watching you 
sleep Tenchi.- He stirred at her touch on his cheek. She smiled at his 
confused look.

"Ryoko?" She placed a finger on his mouth.

"Shh..." Tenchi looked at her, and was surprised at the changes that she had 
gone through. The teasing and picking were gone, as well as the flashes of 
anger, replaced by nothing but need. She placed a hand on his shoulder, pulling 
him up as she wrapped the other around his waist."Let me show you something..."

Then they were gone, whisked away by her power, leaving an empty room behind 
them. 
------

Tenchi shook off the sensation of vertigo with a shiver as Ryoko's teleport 
placed them far outside the city. They had reappeared on a small hillside. Ryoko 
released him from her warm grip and took a few steps forward reaching the crest 
of the hill.

"Ryoko, where are we?" He asked carefully, he didn't want to hurt her. She 
looked up into the night sky towards the perfect stars above for long seconds 
before replying.

"It's beautiful, isn't it?" Her voice seemed almost distant, so peaceful, "I saw 
it from the Muldoon cliffs." He stepped up beside her. -It is beautiful.- he 
could see the whole city from the point. A slight breeze blew across the 
hilltop.

"Why did you bring me here?" He pressed again, cautiously. Ryoko paused, 
composing herself, before she turned to face him. He could see the tears 
gathering in her eyes, glittering in the moonlight. She never looked more 
beautiful, or so sad, in all the time that he had known her. It was too much to 
bear.

"Tenchi.. I ...well..." She stumbled, trying to put her motions into words. She 
averted her gaze quickly. -Why can't I say it? You never showed me how to do 
this Yosho..-

"Ryoko, are you okay?" He put a comforting hand on her shoulder. She kissed him, 
pressing herself against him, putting all her hurt all her loss, need, and love 
into the kiss. A deeply buried part of Tenchi responded, and he pulled 
her into an embrace. Almost desperately, Ryoko ran her hands through his hair 
and down his back, trying to savor the contact that she had at that moment. 
Tenchi could feel the hammering beat of her heart, in time with his own.

Suddenly, he felt weak in the knees. He sat down, Ryoko falling down beside him, 
trying to hold the moment for as long as she could.

"Ryoko...." Tenchi stammered, "This isn't .. right." He finished breathlessly, 
afraid to continue as part of him wanted to return to the moment of the kiss. 
His hands trembled with the inner conflict.

"Please," She whispered huskily, holding  back a sob, "just this once, this one 
night, let me be yours..." She took his hand into hers. The warmth taking the 
edge off the nighttime chill. "Give me something of you to remember in the 
centuries to come." She kissed him tenderly, he returned it with deepening 
passion, taking her into his arms.

She was so warm, so beautiful. His whole world became the feeling of her skin, 
the ice-fire touch of her kiss. He lowered her to the ground. It would be so 
easy to let herself go, to yield to that side that so desperately wanted her.

An image slowly formed in his mind. Ryoko gasped at the feeling of his hands 
running down her back. -Ayeka.- he pulled out of the embrace suddenly, the 
moment's mood broken.

" I.. I can't do this," He choked, "It's .. I.. I.." He could feel the tears 
gathering in his eyes.  He feared hurting her, Ayeka, himself. ""I'm sorry..." 
It was all too confusing, as the feelings of guilt ran over him. She closed her 
eyes, her face set in a look of understanding and love.

"I understand," Her voice was low as she continued, "let me hold you a little 
while longer." She wrapped her arms around him, laying her head onto his chest. 
The rhythm of his heart was the most beautiful song that she had heard. 
Tenchi merely nodded, afraid to break the moment with words, and held her. They 
fell asleep holding each other, savoring the warmth of one another.

----

Tenchi woke slowly, not quite sure of where he was. The night's events gradually 
coming back slowly. -Ryoko!- he remembered as he bolted upright, only to be 
stopped by a bayonet pointed at his chest. On the other end of the rifle was 
a tall slender man with blue skin. -Phantom tribe!- he identified the man. 
Another pair stood nearby covering Ryoko in a simular manner, she looked over at 
him shaking with helpless rage. A spokesman stepped out of the crowd that stood 
around them.

"We've come for the Key." He told Tenchi quietly, with an almost arrogant manner 
about him, "now, we can be civilized about it or not, it is your choice."

Tenchi looked at him, helpless anger coursing through him. Evidently, they 
didn't know what they were looking for, since the Key was stuck in his belt and 
visible to anyone that looked. -Maybe a bluff will work.-

"I don't have it here, it's back at the palace." The phantom sighed and shook 
his head.

"Then, I would have to say your usefulness has ended, earthman." The phantom who 
held him at bay smirked, and ratcheted the action of his long rifle. The two 
covering Ryoko did likewise. "I am afraid that we no longer have any need for 
you then."

Ryoko didn't say a thing, she just blinked out from where she lay on the grass. 
The gunman covering him gasped in shock as she appeared beside him, a beam of 
crimson light in her hand impaled him before he could shift to the new 
threat. He convulsed as the plasma beam killed him, his gun discharging as he 
died. 

Tenchi felt a sharp pain along his side as the bullet grazed him, he gritted his 
teeth and rolled upright quickly. He stood with one hand on the bullet wound and 
drew out the Key with the other as he took a covering position behind Ryoko. 
They stood back to back, taking in the numbers of their foes. A blade of white 
light snapped into existence as he brought up the Key into a guard position. 
Ryoko shifted nervously behind him.

"Sorry Tenchi, when I awoke, they were already here and had you covered. I... I 
.. couldn't do anything without risking you." Something seemed odd about her, 
but Tenchi didn't have time to concentrate on it. The phantom's were gathering, 
getting ready to attack.

"Ryoko, got your bearings enough to leave yet?" She went stiff, and then laughed 
as she realized what he meant. She turned and wrapped her arms around him, 
pulling him close as she made ready.

"Sorry Tenchi, old habits die hard." she said with a musical laugh before they 
both faded from sight.

---- 

"Tenchi!" Ayeka screamed as they blinked into existence. Tenchi dropped to the 
ground holding his side, Ryoko's teleport had brought them into the main dining 
hall. The Key clattered to the ground. Ryoko was instantly at his side, 
pulling off a sash-belt to make an impromptu bandage, and Ayeka was beside him 
instantly.

The next few minutes flashed by quickly as help was summoned, and Tenchi was 
bandaged up as he told what had happened. He looked at Ayeka, guilt and 
embarrasment on his face, as the story progressed. Finally, she turned to leave, 
Tenchi reached 
over and grabbed her hand.

"Ayeka..." he started, only to stop the impact of her hand before it land on his 
face. He looked at her, stunned by what had almost happened as she blew up at 
him.

"How .. could you do this to me, .. us, Tenchi.. " she asked, tears in her eyes. 
Tenchi only looked at her with a sad expression.Gently,he cupped her 
chin,causing her eyes to locked on to his.

"Ayeka,nothing happened last night between Ryoko and me.She was feeling lonely 
and sad and so I kept her company.You felt that way too,remember?"Flushing with 
embarrasment,she lowered her head."Ryoko was feeling the same pain as you were 
feeling.She needed me.However,just as nothing happened between you and me,the 
same goes for her.I was with her as a companion and as good friend,just like I 
was with you,that night."

"I'm sorry,Tenchi.It's just that the thought of Ryoko being with you alone 
just.....well,I didn't thought of Ryoko's feelings.I'm sorry.I'll....I'll 
apologise to her later."With that she ran off to her room.Tenchi only stood 
there,a resigned expression on his face.Shaking his head,he was about to return 
to his room whaen a soft voice calling out his name stopped him.Turning 
around,he saw Ryoko,confusion and sadness,etched on her face.

"Tenchi,nothing happened between you and Ayeka?Nothing really happened?You 
really didn't....sleep....with her when I was not around?

"Hey!Stop that will you.Nothing of that sort happened.I swear!"Tenchi confirmed 
it as he flushed red with embarrassment.

"You mean...but...I saw Ayeka coming out of your room......kissing 
you...but....thought..."Ryoko stammered.Shaking his head,he walked up to her and 
cupped both her hands in his.

"Ryoko,nothing of that sort happened.She was there because she needed me to keep 
her company.As you know,Yosho....passed away.The death of grandfather shook her 
badly.Just like you needed me to confront your pain,so did she."

"So that's why......"

"Yes.I've told Ayeka so now I'm telling you.I'm not ready to cross that line 
yet.The relationship that I have with both of you are far too much precious for 
me to easily shrugged off just like that."

"I see......."Ryoko whispered.Suddenly her face brightened and a meaningful 
smile crossed her lips."So Tennchhi......did you expect us to go further last 
night?"she spoke meaningfully.

"Wha...what?"he exclaimed as he let go of her hands.Still smiling that smile,she 
gave him a quick kiss on the cheek before teleporting away.Tenchi could only 
stand there in a daze.-"Why me?"-he thought to himself.     

----

"Enough!" Afura screamed at Sheyla. "My pillow is fine! I have enough to drink! 
I don't need anything!" She looked at the red-haired priestess with iron 
determination. "If you are going to stay, you... will.. sit... down!"

"Okay," Sheyla whined as she pulled up a seat beside her friend's bed. Afura 
looked like a mummy for the most part, her arms and one leg wrapped to the point 
of immobility. "I just wanted to make sure that you were okay.. you know, 
Comfortable and taken care of." She wouldn't look Afura in the eye though.

"What did you do?" Afura asked with an exasperated sigh.

"Well I kinda...." The rest of it was lost in an indistinct murmur from Sheyla's 
downturned head. Afura barely made out what was said, and couldn't believe it.

"You did what!" she asked incredulously.

"I sorta threatened Tenchi's friend , Ryoko. " She looked away as she continued, 
"and Rune found out."

"And.. what did she do?" Afura pressed.

"She , ahh... she banned me from the main section of the palace till I could 
learn to get along with Ryoko. Ayeka told her that Ryoko was supposed to be some 
type of really powerful person. I don't believe it though."

"I would if I were you. I fought her remember?"

"Don't think that I've forgotten that.."

"Is that why you are after her..."

"Yeah, we take care of our own."

--

Ryoko paced the room, trying to find a way to settle the matter with Ayeka and 
failed. Tenchi was in his room recovering from his injuries, and however much 
she wanted to go to, she knew it would be a bad thing to do that,at the moment. 
Ayeka had retreated to her room, and most of the others had been trying to find 
some trace of how the phantoms had discovered them.

There was a noise at the door. Ryoko caught a flash of lavender in the corner of 
her eye, and didn't even bother to turn around. -I was wondering how long it 
would be before this argument started.-, she told herself as Ayeka walked up to 
her.

"How dare you!" Ayeka screamed at her, she had come looking for Ryoko as soon as 
she was sure that Tenchi was okay. "What were you thinking? Or were you thinking 
at all?"

"Don't start with me princess!"Ryoko snarled suddenly feeling very annoyed.She 
stopped for a while,regaining her composure."....Tenchi told me everything.About 
me,about you,about our relationship." her voice dropped to a barely audible 
whisper, "So don't you dare say that I was selfish.You know it as well as I do."

"You slept with him! Do you think that I can forget that." Ryoko turned and 
looked at Ayeka, the pain and loss in her eyes. 

"Ayeka,didn't you sleep with him too?"Ryoko countered softly.Ayeka's face 
flushed red."Tell me,did he do more than just keep you company.He told me about 
the pain you felt and how he had to be close to you.I felt that pain too,so I 
sought for his companion.Tell me,are you so selfish that that you cannot even 
spare me some of that comfort that he gave to you.Tell me,Ayeka,"she added,full 
of regret.

"Ano....I...I.."Ayeka stammered,not sure how to continue.

"I thought he had truly chosen you over me.You couldn't know how much pain that 
brought me.So I sought for it,hoping that I could at least have him once,for me 
to treasure it in my memories.But then,Tenchi will always be Tenchi.Because of 
his unselfishness,he told me that he will never do that with any of us without 
jeopardising the relationship we three shared."

"But then..."

"Buts?What buts?You knew about it all along,princess.Ayeka,I'm tired,very tired 
about arguing the same thing over and over again with you.Princess,I only 
realized then that how much it hurts him deep down inside him.Ayeka,my love for 
him is that deep that I'm willing to give him up to you if it will stop the pain 
that he feels."With that she turned to leave."I hope that should that come to 
pass,you will take good care of him,"she added before teleporting away.  

-Would I have done any differently,- Ayeka asked herself, -If Tenchi had chosen 
Ryoko?- She couldn't answer herself. There were too many doubts.As she turned to 
leave,Ryoko's words echoed back in her mind.Is she willing to do what Ryoko had 
proclaimed willing to do.Ayeka pondered on that as she walked away. 

----
Tenchi rolled over in his bed, unable to sleep. His arm throbbed from the wound 
and his stomach churned from the confusion that was storming through him. Two 
faces kept coming to mind. Ayeka, tears streaming from her eyes as she 
dashed from the room. Ryoko, the hurt and need in her eyes, as she lay on his 
chest last night.

He rolled over, too tired to get up but to upset to sleep. The Eye of God glowed 
palely in the nighttime sky. 

"Why can't things ever be easy." He whispered as he rolled onto his back and 
stared at the ceiling of his room.

------
Ryoko looked up at the sky, taking in the sight of the Eye as it set on the 
distant horizon. Trying to not feel sorry for herself, and failing. -I just made 
things worse now.- She told herself as the memory of Ayeka's hurt face rose in 
her mind. -Why can't things ever be easy?-


------
Ayeka paced the room nervously, trying to sort through the feelings of hurt and 
self-doubt. It was so confusing, to feel so angry on one hand and to feel so 
ashamed of herself on the other.

"Why can't things ever be simple?" she muttered as she paced the room. 

Sasami lay on her bed, a pillow over her ears as her sister paced the room, 
mumbling to herself and generally making just enough racket to ensure that she 
couldn't sleep. -Gods of Jurai, it is enough to try the patience of a saint!- 
she swore as she sat up and glared at Ayeka. 

Who froze in her glare like a deer caught in the headlights of an oncoming car. 
Sasami walked up to her and looked her straight in the eyes.

"If you must pace and mutter, please do it elsewhere. You've been doing this 
since this morning, when you aren't stalking Tenchi or trying to argue with 
Ryoko. I am tired, and still a little sick. I need to get some sleep and your 
confused love life isn't helping me." Sasami turned away muttering under her 
breath back on the bed. Long seconds passed as Ayeka watched her fluff the 
pillows and resettle in the sheets.

"Sasami, what did you just say? The last bit?"

"I don't understand why you and Ryoko can't just bond with Tenchi like mother 
and Funaho did with father. I mean, why do both of you refuse to accept the fact 
that he loves you both." Sasami heard her sister swear an oath as she bolted 
from the room at a run. She smiled and relaxed a little, sleep was not far away 
now. -There, I did it. She finally got the hint, Tsunami. Do you really think 
that it will be possible for them to do the Bond without a Royal Tree 
available?- The quicksilver essence of Sassami's otherself rose up in her mind 
and replied.

-I think that they will find a way, sister. Now rest and let us heal.- Sasami 
smiled as Tsunami's presence enfolded her in a warm glow. It was a comforting 
feeling to know that her otherself was returning. It had been a strange feeling 
to be only one being again, she had missed her otherself more than anyone could 
have ever known.


-I've been a prideful and thick headed child!- Ayeka told herself as she ran 
through the palace.-Worse yet, I nearly destroyed the three of us by sticking to 
the outdated Terran traditions that Yosho had told me of. How could I have been 
such a fool?- She came to the door and rushed in impulsively.

"We need to talk." she said to the occupant as she slammed the door behind her.


Tenchi rolled over, his sleep disturbed by the shifting of weight on his bed. 
The first sight that he saw was Ayeka's lavender eyes as she settled on the 
mattress beside him. 

"You love me don't you?" She said with a touch of fear in her voice.

"Well....yes...but" He stuttered as he tried to find the suitable words.

"But you love Ryoko as well." She said before he could explain. "I know Tenchi, 
and I am sorry that I have hurt you over all this time. I was wrong to force you 
to choose."

"I can't help it, I..." he looked at her helplessly, "it's just the way I am." 

Ayeka nodded and smiled at him as another set of arms encircled him. Royko 
leaned over his shoulder and kissed him lightly on the cheek. He gasped in 
surprise and shock, as Ayeka did the same on the other cheek.

"If there is enough room in your heart for both of us Tenchi, then we need to 
understand and accept that." Ryoko said as she sat down beside Ayeka. The 
princess nodded in agreement and something about the two women's manner told him 
that this wasn't subject to argument.

"So, where do we go from here?" He asked quietly, trying to find some way to 
ensure that this temporary truce would remain between the two women. Ayeka 
looked at Ryoko, who nodded to her, before standing to explain what she had 
in mind.

"What I propose, and Ryoko agreed to, is something that my people call the Great 
Bond."

----
Tenchi pace the halls, hoping that Ryoko and Ayeka wouldn't worry. It was just 
that he needed a little space, time alone without either of them pressuring him. 
He was so confused, it was all so alien to him.  The Terran in him rebelled at 
the thought of what they were offering him. -One. It has to be only one, that is 
the way things have been.- Not to mention that he wasn't sure of this.. bond, 
there was still both of their pride involved. It was just so confusing. There 
was so many things wandering though his mind. Would pride and temperament tear 
apart the delicate trust that existed between the threesome. 

"It's a beautiful evening." A soft voice said softly behind him. Tenchi glanced 
behind him.

"Yes, yes it is." He smiled, for the first time in hours, "Good evening Lady 
Miz." She laughed.

"It's just Miz, Lord Tenchi." she corrected. Her own smile faded somewhat seeing 
the lovelorn expression on his face. "Is everything alright?" He sighed, and she 
could see the pain in the expression on his face.

His heart began to pound rapidly, both in fear and anticipation. He never really 
talked to a woman about women before, mother had died when he was very young. 
"Yes.. No. It's all so confusing. Do you believe that someone could love two 
people just as strongly as one?"

"Miz's eyes opened wide in surprise. She had heard about the love triangle from 
Sasami but had never really considered something like this. She coughed and 
blushed rapidly. "You would seem to be fulfilling the dream of most men."

Tenchi relaxed a little, and smiled wanly. "Or nightmare. I don't know what to 
do. I can say it, but I don't think they are really hearing it. I'm scared that 
they will see the other trying to take me for herself."

Miz wasn't sure how to react to his words. She never really dealt with anything 
like this. If he was just a typical boy, it would be easy to separate his 
hormones from his mind.

"Then maybe you need a way to show them the way you feel about them,.. think 
about them. Show them your heart more deeply." Miz said quickly, improvising. -
Why me? I'm never good at this kind of stuff. I hope that this doesn't screw 
the relationship even more.- Tenchi's eyes lit up.

"That's it! Thank you!!" He shouted only to shouted down by the nearby guards.

"HEY! PEOPLE ARE TRYING TO SLEEP!!"  An indistinct voice shouted from the 
palace.

"Sure! Don't mention it..." Miz trailed off as Tenchi vanished in the direction 
of the library at a full run.

------
Makoto ran his hand through his hair, it was pasty from the sweat that ran down 
his face. He was so close. Somehow, he knew the Key was on El Hazard, but he 
couldn't lock onto it with any precision. He needed a picture of it, something 
to give it a tangible feel to focus on.

"Makoto." Tenchi called out from the door as he entered.  Makoto looked up from 
the book he was flipping through. -He must really love her to do this to 
himself.- Tenchi thought as he took in the bags under the eyes and the strain on 
his face.  "Ayeka told me about her experience with you."

"The bonding." Makoto said despondently.

"Could you set that bound up between Ryoko, Ayeka and myself? I need this 
badly." 

"No." Makoto replied fiercely slamming his book shut and turning to leave. 
Tenchi stepped in his way.

"Why?" Tenchi asked, the need was so clear on his face.

"Because you don't understand what you are asking." Makoto said. "It not just a 
sharing of thoughts and memories. It... it is like becoming them, and they 
become you. No walls, no barriers, nothing stands in your path. They are all 
swept away. A part of you that should never be shared." Makoto's voice cracked 
under the strain of memory.  "...because when you lose them.. when they are 
gone... it's gone as well. Forever."

Tenchi ran his hand over his face. -That explains a lot. Like why you are so 
driven, so full of pain.- "What you and Ifurita share is more than love, isn't 
it?" Makoto nodded, to emotional to risk words. "Yet you would deny me the same, 
when it is the only thing that could possibly save the two women I love?"

He wanted to refuse, Makoto knew the pain of loss would be intense. All it would 
was a single 'no', and Tenchi would never have to suffer his pain.

"What do you want from me?" He asked his childhood friend. 

"The one thing that you can do to help me show the two women I love how I feel." 
Tenchi swallowed nervously as he continued, "I need them to understand, Makoto, 
truly UNDERSTAND how I feel."

Makoto nodded, there wasn't anything he could say to deny Tenchi in the light of 
his need.
---

They all met in the massive palace garden before dawn. It would be quiet for 
hours to come and all knew what they were doing was a private thing. Ryoko and 
Ayeka stood ready as Makoto paced nervously.

"So, you build the bond with Ayeka and then I join in though my gems, and once 
the bond between the two of us is complete you bring in Tenchi and withdraw 
right?" Ryoko asked as he ended his description of the bond with Ifurita.

"Yes, I am not sure that it will work though." Makoto said, trying to believe it 
himself.

"Makoto." Tenchi said as he put his hand on his shoulder, Makoto turned to face 
him. "It's time."

Ayeka held still as Makoto reached for her headpiece with one hand and the gem 
on Ryoko's hand with the other.  An aura surrounded the two as Makoto's power 
rose to his call. Long seconds passed as the two women adjusted to the new 
experience. Together they reached out and clasped hands, and then extended them 
out to Tenchi. 

"Take your sword and clasp hands with them Tenchi." Makoto said through clenched 
teeth. 

The sword's gems lit up as he brought it into the shared handclasp and the world 
disappeared in an explosion of white.
--

Tenchi gasped as his gems flashed and he fell to the ground as his strength was 
leached away by Kagato. Despair washed over him as Ryoko tried to fight Kagato, 
but he knew from bitter experience that his master was invincible in battle.
--

Ryoko looked up. Ayeka was calling her. She gathered up the wreath she had been 
making and ran to her. 

"For you, Ayeka." She said as she placed wreath on her head.

"Ryoko, why are you out here?"

"Because you went out, leaving me behind." Ayeka laughed gently as she scooped 
her up. Ryoko looked at him with a smile, blushing.

"One day, I will be a bride, won't I Ayeka?"

"When you grow up."

"It is the color of your eyes." Ryoko said as she slid the flower into the 
wreath. Ayeka set her down and pulled it out to look at it.

"A royal teardrop", somehow it disturbed her.

"What's wrong?", Ryoko was confused by her reaction. She looked in her eyes, 
suddenly sad and aged beyond her years.

"This flower shouldn't be used for a happy occasion."
--
 Ryoko and Ayeka watched helplessly as Tenchi wept at the Demon's Gate, unable 
to hold or comfort him as the misery of his mother's death. He was alone, father 
and grandfather were unable to fill the hole in his life that she had left.
--

Ayeka felt something in the water change, and saw a form slide down the ramp to 
her tomb. The first such visitor that she had in centuries. Since the day that 
Yosho defeated her and sealed her away forever.

The disturbance of her sleep had given enough energy to rise up and hold the 
hand of her savior. -Such a beautiful face- She thought as she rose from her 
watery prison.
--

Makoto nearly wept as he watched the three relive each other's lives through a 
mixed viewpoint. -I told you that this was wrong.- He said silently as three 
lifetimes worth of experience was replayed, one pain and loss after another. He 
leaned on the Staff Key and cursed himself for a fool. -Now, my loss has been 
redone threefold. Oh, Ifurita what have I done?- The light rose up and formed 
into a familiar form beside him.

"Ifurita!" She smiled and touched him gently, and with that touch he knew. -A 
phantasm!- 

-Not quite my love. But not quite real either.- She said with a sad look in her 
eye. -You carry a part of my soul with you always Makoto, as I carry a piece of 
yours.- She gestured to the trio. -How can the man that saved my soul and set me 
free be so wrong? Darkness is needed for the Light to exist- He glanced back and 
gasped at what he saw.
--

Ryoko lounged in the tree, smiling in the sunlight. Cherishing every moment that 
she lived. Because she was finally free. 

Ayeka looked at the small sapling and smiled as her senses told her of the 
gradual growth of power within it. Tenchi and the others couldn't understand yet 
what special bond she shared with the Royal trees, it was impossible to explain 
such a connection with mere words.

Tenchi watched as the two women had a rare moment of carefree picking. -It is so 
much nicer when they don't bicker.- he told himself.

Ayeka rushed into her mothers arms, for a short moment she was six again and the 
pain of her short childhood had yet to come.

Ryoko nuzzled Ryo-oki and listed to the chaotic noise of her ship's mind. 
Cherishing it for the one thing that she knew for certain. The little cat-rabbit 
loved her and she loved it back.

Tenchi sat hunched in the bushes and watched as Ayeka and Ryoko walked with his 
mother. Happy to have had this one opportunity to see her alive and well again. 
To know that his last memory of his mother was a happy healthy woman, and not 
the sick one that she would later become.

Ryoko watched as Tenchi and Ayeka consoled one another over Yosho's death. 
Watching as the two held each other and took comfort in their simple presence.

Ayeka watched Ryoko and Tenchi lay together on the grass and desperately took 
what comfort they could in that one night together

--
"See my love? Light and Darkness, without one the other is meaningless." She 
reached over and kissed him, "Watch and Remember, least the Dark consume you."

Makoto gasped in shock as he relived the day he freed her, feeling the raw power 
of her joy as the shackles on her soul were broken. Feeling the mixture of 
regret and hope as she flew down the shaft to a far distant past that help the 
promise of hope, of seeing Makoto at least one more time.

Makoto closed his eyes and pulled in all the good things and felt the weight on 
his shoulder lighten as something returned to his soul. Hope.
---

Makoto opened his eyes as the power faded away, it's task done. he looked at the 
Staff Key that he had brought with him. Ifurita's presence was tangible in it 
and deep within himself. He leaned on the staff and closed his eyes again, 
pulling forth the images of Ifurita that it and he carried. Cherishing the light 
and remembering it.

-I'm trying Ifurita, but is so hard. We had so little time.-

Tenchi pushed himself up to one knee and was surprised to see both women there 
to help him. He could feel their presence in his mind, and he knew without 
asking that they knew the same of him and each other. He felt their love for him 
through the bond, and something new towards each other. Not love, he knew that 
would take time, but respect and empathy for one another.

He pulled both of them into his arms and wept, an enormous weight on his 
shoulder was now gone.  He no longer had to fear hurting one of them for the 
other's love.
---

Ryoko awoke with a small gasp, only to freeze in place before she woke Tenchi. 
He had taken the brunt of the bonding's drain, something about his terran/jurian 
heritage that magnified the bonding beyond anything that Ayeka had led her to 
expect.

-I'm not sure that I am ready to share my mind with Ayeka for the rest of our 
long lives.- she thought to herself as she looked at the woman who lay on the 
other side of Tenchi.

-I have similar reservations, Ryoko; but I think that we don't really have much 
choice now.- Ayeka's voice whispered in her mind as the princess' eyes opened. 
The was a hint of amber amusement as Ayeka smiled at Ryoko's suprised face. "If 
you don't want me hearing your thoughts, you have to get better at hiding them. 
I think that we have to talk about that later. Now," her gaze rested on the man 
sleeping between them, "we should talk of other things."

"Agreed. First thing on the list is what the 'boys' back home will say when they 
here about the arrangement." Both women knew of the teasing that Tenchi got from 
his classmates concerning the 'harem' in his house, to say nothing of Tenchi's 
father. Long seconds passed as they considered the influence of all those hentai 
minds on their fiance.

-No Trios- Ayeka and Ryoko thought to other at the same time.

"Though, I think it could be kind of fun." Ryoko teased, just to raise a little 
sense of outrage in Ayeka.

Ayeka's reply was the mental equivalent of a raspberry as she stuck out her 
tongue, and Ryoko found it hard not to laugh at the ridiculous picture. The two 
women sat in the bed, looking at one another trying to find someway to continue. 
Finally Ayeka broke the mood.

"I think I understand you a little better Ryoko." She said as the image of 
Ryoko's time in the cave flashed between them. Compassion from Ayeka was 
something that she would never had expected. "I hope that we can learn to put 
the past behind us, and become friends."

Ryoko thought about it for a moment, it was a big step that the prideful Jurian 
was taking. She recalled a scene in an earth movie. -It seems appropriate.- She 
thought to herself as she held out a hand.

"Ryoko." Ayeka took her hand and smiled as they shook it.

"Ayeka, and I am pleased to meet you Ryoko." It wasn't much, they both knew. But 
it was a start.
----

Makoto was about to go insane. He could hear it in his mind, roaring with barely 
restrained power. The Great Key. He had been 'banned' from the library for a 
period of 48 hours by Rune's orders. 'For his own good' she had told him. 

He sat down on the bench with a sigh. It had been the first full night of sleep 
that he had gotten in quite some time. Much longer than he cared to recall if he 
was willing to be honest with himself. Even with visions of Ifurita and the 
Key he had slept well.

The only problem was that since the moment that he had gotten out of bed the Key 
practically roared in his mind. His power was raging out of control, and he had 
retreated to the garden where there was little old technology besides the 
statues for him to inadvertently activate.

Surprisingly though, the 'ban' and his troubled dreams hadn't hurt his mood 
much. The memories of Ifurita he had reawakened with the bonding had lifted some 
of the weight from his shoulders. It made it seem that the world was not 
out to get him anymore.
---

Tenchi stretched as he slid out of the bed and pulled on his shirt, Ayeka and 
Ryoko were still asleep. Seeing the two of them on the bed, asleep and not at 
each other's throats was a great thing.

-I'll let them sleep a while longer.- he told himself as he pulled on his shirt 
and stuffed the Key in his belt and zipped his jacket up. He wanted to get a 
little practice in before breakfast.

Tenchi went through one form to another, trying to move with the ease and grace 
that he had seen in Yosho's movements. Grandfather. He stopped, it was so easy 
to forget that grandfather was gone.

Suddenly the morning wasn't so bright or cheerful. He looked out at the morning 
sky and tried to figure how he was going to tell his family. Father would be 
easy, but what about Funanho and the rest of the Jurian Royal family.

One worry led to another, like it usually did when Tenchi started to think about 
things. Like what to do about Makoto. He couldn't lie to his childhood friend 
forever. Sooner or later, he would realize that the 'sword' was the Great Key.

"Then there will be hell to pay." The sound of rustling bushes made him turn. A 
large cat eased it's way out of the bushes and walked up to him, sniffing him 
curiously.

-A cat with a mohawk- Tenchi thought for a second, -but who am I to criticize? I 
live with a Cabbit/spaceship.- He knelt down to pet the weird feline.

"Hey little guy? What's your name I wonder?" The cat moved in close and sat in 
his lap as he sat down, not paying as much attention to his attempts to rub it 
as to sniff him. "Hey fella, what are you doing?" He asked as the cat dove into 
his jacket.

The next thing he knew, the cat was off and running. With the Great Key in it's 
mouth.

"Hey! Come back here!" He screamed as he followed in hot pursuit, but the cat 
didn't make it easy for him. It dodged and wove through the underbrush of the 
palace gardens with him close in behind.

-I can see it now, I keep it away from powerful beings like Kagato , the Phantom 
tribe and such only to lose it to a  palace cat. I would never live it down. -

Ura paid no mind to the boy behind her, instead heading deeper into garden 

Makoto looked up from balcony edge at the sound of Tenchi yelling at something 
close by. -I wonder what that is all about?-

His curiosity wouldn't have to wait long as Ura bolted from the bushes with a 
frantic Tenchi in close pursuit. Ura skidded to a halt in front of him a dropped 
something at his feet. 

"'Smells like `Furita!" Ura said as he stopped to pick it up. -Ifurita, what do 
she mean?- He wondered as he picked up the sword hilt.

Tenchi came through the bushes just as he made contact with the sword. The power 
rushed up and washed over him for a second before a shock blasted him up and 
away from it. He sat up, cradling his burnt hand against his chest and 
throwing his coat over the Key and picked it up. He looked at his old friend 
with a angry fire in his eyes that defied all description.

"You LIED to me! You said that you didn't have it. Why?" He stalked towards 
Tenchi. Tenchi stopped for a moment, confused by the turn of events that had 
just occurred. He shook his head angrily.

"You don't understand. It isn't just a sword."

"I FELT that Tenchi, before your blocks broke the link! I need this to get you 
and the others home. To save Ifurita."

"No." Tenchi said quietly. Makoto's rage vanished under the calm tone of his 
voice "I can't allow it. You are already too powerful Makoto. Ifurita and you 
are bonded, you have the Eye of God under your control, would you allow 
someone with that much power get more? Give me the Key, Makoto."

"You went through everything that I did and still don't understand what I lost?"  
Makoto felt all the pain and despair come back in a rush, he stepped back as 
Tenchi's hand shot out to grab the coat. Not quite making it, as Tenchi snagged 
the other end of the bundle.

Sheyla yawned as she stepped into the garden. It had been quite sometime since 
she had gotten up this early. -Haven't been an early riser since I was a novice. 
Maybe greeting the dawn is what I need to set me back in balance.- And she 
knew exactly where to do the greeting. 

Ahead in the clearing that she was looking to go to, voices could be heard. -Who 
could be up at this time of day.- She asked as she cleared the bushes 
surrounding the grove.

"Makoto? Tenchi?" She gasped as she watched the two boys struggled, unable to 
move as the two wrestled over a bundle. Tenchi managed to get the upper hand 
finally shoving Makoto backwards. -What the hell is going on?- Sheyla 
asked as she ran to her friend's side. 

Only to stop short as she saw Makoto blasted backwards in a flash of light. 
There was a strong smell of ozone. She ran to his side, worried about the 
condition he was in. "Makoto!" Sheyla spun to face the Jurian noble, "What did 
you do to him." She growled as the flames rose from her power gems.  Tenchi 
backed up under her wrathful gaze, bringing the Key up in a guard position as he 
did. Sheyla barely registered the glow of the energy blade, her instinct for 
combat taking over instantly.

Ryoko yawned as she walked out the bedroom and into the massive garden. -I 
wonder where Tenchi.- Her thoughts were cut short by a massive explosion 
"Tenchi!" Ryoko screamed as she took to the air, instantly knowing that he was 
at that place, and that she was needed there.

Ayeka force a smile to the who minor nobles bowed as she passed. Her eyes were 
half closed as she savored the memory of Tenchi's warmth in the bed the night 
before. -Even Ryoko's presence in the bed with us, can't spoil that. -
Despite the link and their newly founded understanding, there was many things to 
be resolved.

The mental shock that tore through her was sudden and unexpected, and she didn't 
have Ryoko's experience in shielding herself psionically. +The wall of flames 
erupted around him, reaching out to consume him. The sounds of serenity 
enveloped him as the wings formed at his call and held the plasma at a distance. 
The fires dipped and faded to reveal Ryoko and Sheyla fighting as he staggered 
and fell to the ground, drained by his sudden demand for the power within.
--

Ayeka fell to her knees, clutching her head to keep from being overwhelmed in 
the images washing through her mind. "The garden." she cried.

Makoto shook his head, trying to clear it from the impact of his fall. His hand 
throbbed with pain, and it gave him something to focus on. He pushed himself up 
to his hands and knees. He looked up as he heard Sheyla's scream.

"Sheyla! Don't!" he yelled as she lashed out with a trio of fireballs.  They hit 
within a foot of Tenchi and he closed his eyes as the inferno consumed the boy.

Ryoko screamed as she saw the blast consume Tenchi. -NO!- She spun in the air  
and saw the cause of the attack.

"You!" She screamed as she dropped from the sky,  plasma sphere flashing from 
her hands in rapid succession.

-What have I done?- Sheyla thought as she saw the explosions swallow Tenchi. Her 
stomach twisted at the thought of her casual act of murder, the pain lessened as 
she saw the glow of what Ayeka called `the wings of the light hawk' in 
the smoke.

Then next second the world exploded in a fury of fire and noise as Ryoko dropped 
from the sky like a shooting star and Sheyla's beserker instincts came to the 
fore. The two womem met with a thunderous clash that shook then entire 
palace.

Fujisawa shot upright at the shock. -What the hell is going on?- He asked as he 
ran out of his room, pulling on his shirt as he ran down the hallway.

The plasma bolt struck the ground a scant second after she rolled out of the 
way. Missing it's target by a hairs distance. "I knew you couldn't be trusted, 
you bitch." Sheyla shouted as she lashed out with three globes of energy towards 
the space pirate. Growling like a massive cat, Ryoko closed the distance by 
phasing through the fireballs as she threw 3 more bolts. "What the." Sheyla only 
barely dodged them, surprised by the sight she had just seen. "Nice aim!" Sheyla 
taunted. She caught the fourth bolt in the chest with such force that it knocked 
her across the grove and into the bushes.

"Bullseye, I've been wanting to do that to you from the day that we met!" Ryoko 
crowed triumphantly.

Sheyla staggered to her feet, surprised at the sheer force of the blast she had 
just taken. -If I hadn't had my plasma screens up, that one would have blown a 
hole in me.- She saw the follow up volley coming and quickly leapt away as 
she lashed out with a return volley.

Ryoko landed and looked over at where Tenchi was getting up, concern clear on 
her face. "Tenchi, are you okay?" she called.

"Ryoko, look out!" Tenchi said as Sheyla's tackle hit full in the stomach. The 
two women's momentum and Sheyla's energy screens made it easy to go through the 
wall behind her. Ryoko smiled grimly as the two of them wrestled in the rubble.

"So, you want to play rough, eh?" Ryoko growled as she pulled herself out of the 
rubble, "I can do rough." She popped her fingers with an evil smile, "In fact I 
like it."

Fuji stopped short as he surveyed the ruin that was all that remained of the 
garden. -If I didn't' know better I would say that someone had fought a war 
here.- A tree to his right exploded, knocking him flat. He watched as Sheyla 
bounced off the brush, just steps ahead of Ryoko's blast. The ex-pirate was 
closing in rapidly, with a look that promised that there would be hell to pay 
when she caught the redhead.

"Great.", he said with a sick twisting in his gut, "just what I need first thing 
in the morning, the mother of all catfights."

Sheyla gathered herself and leapt at Ryoko. "I won't let you get away with that, 
you little tramp!" Ryoko blinked out of the way with a laugh.

"You and what army?" she asked as she caught the red head in an armlock. "Forget 
it girl, you're not strong enough to match me."

The next thing she know, it was Ryoko that was caught in the unbreakable grip. 
She felt herself being lifted up as she struggled. Sheyla quickly slid away as 
her arm was released. Fuji grunted as Ryoko struggled in his grip.

"Let go of me!" Ryoko screamed angrily.

"Not till you two back off and cool down." Fuji said through gritted teeth. 
Sheyla spun around and took advantage of the situation to slam an elbow into 
Ryoko's gut. "Sheyla, back off!!" -Damn, I hate breaking up cat fights.-

"Ryoko!" Ayeka's voice cut from across the grove, and Fuji tuned to face her. 
Something in the tone of her voice set his instincts off. He got to see her 
gesture seconds before the blast hit him.

"Great." He said as he was blasted through the trees, loosing his hold on Ryoko 
as he went deep into the woods. -I should have taken the job with Hinako-chan at 
Furikan High.-

Sheyla moved the instant that she saw Ayeka's attention to her, bobbing and 
weaving as the blasts came one after the other. Only to freeze in place as 
Ayeka's force field caught her. She hung in the air motionless, waiting for 
Ayeka's follow-up attack.

"Stop!" Miz screamed as she and Sasami entered the garden.

"Ayeka! Sheyla! Stop fighting" Sasami said. Ryoko and Fuji exploded from the the 
bushes, locked in combat with one another. "Stop it!" Sasami's voice cut through 
the violence, like nothing else. For several long seconds the combatants 
froze in place embarrassed by the fact that a 10 year old was the most mature of 
them. "I thought we were all friends.." she said with tears in her eyes.

"Oh my god!" Miz's surprised gasp broke the spell and everyone turned to look at 
what she was pointing at. A bugrom flier leapt into the air and vanished into 
the trees.

"The Key!" Ryoko yelled as she pulled free of Fuji and Sheyla fell into step 
behind her as they gave chase.

The flier was small and fleet, normally it would have been long gone by this 
time. But it's burden slowed it too much to make escape easy. It followed the 
song of it's motherqueen loyally. Only to have the comforting warmth of the hive 
falter and fade away for a moment, before returning again from another 
direction. Closer.

::Mother??:: It asked as it leapt into the waiting arms in the shadows.

" Come on! It came this way." Ryoko yelled as she flew into the open edge of the 
garden, Sheyla follow a few seconds later.

"Where is that oversized mosquito?" She asked as she tried to catch her breath.

"I lost it." Ryoko said quietly as her eyes scanned the sky. -Where the hell did 
it go?-

"It.. it had the key." Sheyla said.

"Yea, tell me something I don't know."

The flier shivered as the two hunters turned and walked away. How was it 
possible for them to miss it's presence so nearby? Peace and comforting warmth 
washed over it as it's mistress stepped out of the shadows. "Sh.. little one, 
you'll be away in a moment." A wind rose up and stripped the now empty tree 
line, the stranger and her small cargo gone.

"Did you catch it?" Miz asked as the two women entered the clearing.

"No," Sheyla said with a shake of her head. Anger coursed through her. -I can't 
believe it..-

"That means that.." Fuji said as he pulled of the remains of his shirt on.

"The bugrom, and Jinnai, have the great key." Makoto finished for him, from 
where he and Tenchi sat as Alliele and Sasami bandaged their injuries. Tenchi 
looked up, an determined look in his eye.

"Not for long." He said calmly.

-----------
"All I request is four attack pods and at least two full platoons of men. This 
is less than a standard patrol." Rune repressed the urge to clench her fists. 
Despite her anger, she couldn't disagree with Commander Absvin's logic. -Can't 
you understand what is at stake here?-

"Rune," he replied, " you know the losses we took during the war. I've got 
lieutenants running regiments. We're at 25% of what we had six months ago, that 
including the regional militias. Also, there is the fact that the council isn't 
convinced that the Key is that much of a danger, or that the bugrom can even 
make it work."

"I believe what the princess told me," Rune said intensely, " I see it in her 
eyes, when she talks of the destructive potential the Great Key possesses." 
Absvin sighed, and broke eye contact.  "Secondly, it is a priceless artifact 
that the Lost hold dear."

"I can give you for scout pods with bare crews. The troops.. I'm sorry princess, 
I just can't spare them." Rune nodded in appreciation and walked over to Ayeka.

"He refused!" Ayeka said, stunned at the outcome, "I can't believe that.. that.. 
treasonous dog.. said no!"

"He's doing his duty. His oath is not to the royal family. It is to the people 
of Roshtaria and the council. I can't order him to do anything unless he yields 
his authority to me , like he did during the war." Rune replied.  

"The we'll go it alone in those.. ships. Thank you for your aid." Ayeka couldn't 
get over the feeling that she had been betrayed by her 'cousin'.

"Take my Royal Guards. I have no need of the them."

"But...."

"You see," Rune smiled, "I have my own army to command..."

"But, your safety will be at risk, I couldn't possibly..."

"My sister's men will be enough for the both of us, while we are in the palace. 
She won't have any objections."

"I thank you." Ayeka replied with a deep bow to her kinsman.
-----

"Whatever, I'm not just going to wait around doing north, just to hear the bad 
news. There is no way we're getting any help from the army," Sheyla said to the 
others, her voice echoing through the vast open space of the council chamber.

"She's right," Ryoko chimed in to the surprise of others, "We should be 
preparing to to do this alone. We need weapons, armor, equipment, gear, 
transport," A sly glint came to her eye. "Explosives, you know.. the fun stuff." 
A ripple of chuckles echoed through the group, breaking some of the tension that 
had been brought on by the waiting. Makoto stood, and looked over the assembled 
group.

"I think that it is safe to say that we can't all go along on this little trip."

"Sorry Sasami, but you and Alliele are going to sit this one out." Ryoko said as 
she place a hand on both of them, the look in her eye cutting off any protest 
that they might have offered before they could speak. 

"It just isn't reasonable for you two to risk yourselves in this," Tenchi added 
as he and Nanami walked in. -At least this way, some of us have a good chance of 
coming out of this alive.- He added to himself.

"Ayeka just left the war room," Nanami added, "and she doesn't look she got what 
she wanted from the army."

The group waited patiently as the princess walked in and took a seat beside 
Tenchi and Ryoko.

"Four scout pods with a skeleton crew for each, and the small contingent of 
guards, Rune's own royal guards. That's it." Ayeka continued on by telling the 
assembled group of the entire meeting. Hours went past as they discussed the 
variety of plans for the search.  All plans were killed at the table, one factor 
made them all untenable.

"I hate the idea of going in without a clue about what to expect." Sheyla 
muttered as they shelved another plan.

"They'll be waiting for us," Ryoko added. "They have to know that we won't sit 
back and wait for them to figure out the Key. If only we knew what the hell is 
on the other side of the River of God." The debate continued on, with only 
Nanami remaining silent.

"No Way! Going in separate will only leave us open to attack without the full 
power of our group to get up out." Makoto said.

"But, it will allow us to cover more territory in the same about of time!" 
Tenchi countered. "It's a chance we will have to take." The discussion seemed 
ready to disintegrate back into another argument.

"I wish there was something that we could do, like find a map or.. a guide..." 
Sasami sighed, trying not to imagine how dangerous things would be for her 
friends and family. Allliele put a comforting on her shoulder, she could 
emphasize with the younger girl. Nanami started at the words, suddenly aware of 
an option that no one else in the room knew.

Nanami looked from one face to another,  taking in the grim expressions. -They 
know that we'll probably make it without a guide or map. We have to know what is 
waiting for us. Fauric will understand.. but can I risk it? Will they 
understand?-

"I know a way.." Nanami whispered, just short of stammering the words out. Her 
heart was pounding and she could feel hands go moist as all the eyes on the room 
came to rest on her. "I know someone that that could be of help..."

-----
Fatora brushed a lock of hair from her face, as she rolled over in their bed.  
"Alliele," she wined playfully, . "come on, your not going to stand there all 
night are you?"  The princess adjusted her nightgown to be a bit more reveling, 
with the sexy pout that normally turned Alliele's knees to jelly.  Alliele took 
a sip from her wine glass and continued to stare out past beyond the palace 
walls.

"Is that all you think about," the girl mused darkly as she placed the glass 
back onto the nightstand. Fatora flushed covering herself up in a surge of 
modestly.  A strange gleamed in Alliele's eyes, one that seemed out of place in 
her lover's eyes. It sent a shiver through her spine.

"Alliele?"  Fatora quivered.  Her lover led her from the bed to the open window.  
The princess could see the four scout pods being prepped.  "So.." The girl ran a 
finger down her back sending the ripples of warmth through her spine.  "In 
the mood?" Alliele embraced her lover from behind closing her eyes.  A single 
tear ran down her cheek, then an idea hit her.

"Maybe, down there in the ships."  Fatora's eyes went wide with shock. 

"We can't..they'll..what if?"  She stuttered.  Alliele had never been so bold.
  
"Why? Does Varic exhausts you?" Alliele pressed bitterly.  The princess didn't 
hear the bitterness in her voice.  Fatora blushed furiously.

"No, never, he's never...ummm, ya know."  Alliele laughed in relief. 

"Think about it, the cool night air, the stars shinning above our hearts beating 
in unison.  The danger of getting caught." Fatora shook her head in disbelief.  
-So bold, I wonder why she has changed so suddenly?- She laughed.

"Lead on, love."  
----

Fauric awoke to the sound of chains.  Two guards smiled cruely pulling open the 
door to his cell.  "Wakey, wakey freak show."  He could see Nananami standing 
behind them.  A look of sorrow and betrayal stood on her face.
He passed her a look of forgiveness; he understood completely.  He let himself 
go loose as the guards roughly chained and drug him from the cell

----


Alliele held her close breathing deeply. A pang of regret shook her. It was the 
only way. She couldn't let them leave her behind on this adventure. It was too 
important, she knew that there was something more to it that the rush that she 
had longed for over the last few months.  She stroked the sleeping Fatora's hair 
as she felt the pod shift slightly changing course leading them towards Bugrom 
territory. -I have to be there, I know it.-
----

"The main hive is four days travel at flank speed, southeast along this ridge. 
By the second day the terrain gets rocky and then there is a maze of canyons 
that lead to the valley where the hive itself is." Fauric pointed to the 
makeshift map that he had sketched out, as it lay on the Navigator's desk. The 
Helmsman looked to Aykea and Makoto for confirmation. They nodded and he 
immediately set his course up for the hive.

"I don't like this, going in blind is folly. There is no indication of what we 
could be going into." Ayeka told Makoto. He nodded, too concerned to take his 
eyes off the horizon for a moment.

"No resistance, no sign of the Bugrom at all. Hell, there's no animals around at 
all. Not even a bird,... it's unnerving. Those canyons he described sound like a 
made to order ambush spot." 

"I don't trust him." Makoto followed Ayeka's gaze. She was watching him and 
Nanami talk quietly at the edge of the bridge. 

"We haven't got much of a choice." Makoto replied.

----

Sheyla looked up into the sky, her instincts were humming. The tension was 
tangible in the air. The canyon that had been a shadowy line on the horizon 
hours before, now loomed before them. -I don't like this.- She charged up a 
glode of energy. -We should've waited till morning to enter.- Her eyes darted 
across the cliff faces, alert for any sign of danger. Out of the corner of her 
eye, she saw Ryoko do the same on the other side.

The pod in front of them was sliced in half by a hail of bolders from the cliffs 
above them.

"Tenchi!!!!"

"Makoto!!!!"

They both screamed in horror. It didn't help that Ayeka and Nanami were in the 
pod too.

"Battlestations! Dive, hug the ground!" Afura shouted quickly to the helmsman. 
The space pirate and Sheyla lashed out volley after volley at their attackers. 
Their blasts lit up the night-time sky, making it easy for the guards to see 
their heretofore hidden attackers.

Another rapid succession of boulders dropped onto the pods behind them. The 
crushed pods exploded in a hail of steel splinters. Afura's winds deflected most 
of them, but still enough came through her screens to scythe through the guards 
on the aft section of the craft.

Screams erupted all around her as the wounded screamed in agony. Blood stained 
the entire deck. The pod slid to the left, Afura glanced to the helm. The 
helmsman was on the deck, a large shard  sticking out of his neck. -No!- Then 
the pod hit something and everything went black.

The next thing she knew Alliele and Fatora were pulling her out of the burning 
wreakage. Afura tried to stand, but couldn't, her injuries combined with the 
just healed ones were to much. The last thing she saw was Ryoko and Sheyla  
fighting hand in hand with a growing horde of Bugrom.
---

Sheyla would remember the next few hours in a horrific daze of fighting and 
death. -Fire, run, fire, dodge, weave, and run.- The words kept running through 
her mind as she and Ryoko fought to make a wedge for the surviving soldiers to 
escape through. They would cut down one Bugrom, only to have five take it's 
place.

There were simply too many of them, even for Ryoko and herself. The soldiers 
formed up behind them and covered their charge, Sheyla turning back to cover 
them in turn. Too late, she saw the enemy overrun the now weakened 
position. All that she could do was run with Ryoko as the gunfire  dwindled, 
fighting their way out of the trap. Hoping to find at least some of the others. 
Someone else.

Deep down, a part of her howled in bloodlust as the running battle continued. 
Ryoko pushed it aside, she had mastered the bloodlust. It was no longer the 
master. She lashed out with another blast, trying not to hear the screams behind 
her as the soldiers bought them vital time with blood. Suddenly, the gunfire 
ceased altogether.

"Damn." She whispered as another of the huge bugrum fliers landed in front of 
her. Sheyla cursed as well, when she turned to see what it was that stopped 
their flight. Suddenly Afura Mann landed beside them, bleeding from dozens of 
little cuts, and breathless. None of them were in really good shape.

"Alliele and Fatora are .." Afura gasped for breath before continuing, "hiding 
with Tenchi and Makoto ..two leagues east." Ryoko looked in the direction Afura 
pointed, and could feel Tenchi in the general direction of Afura's finger, and 
knew that Ayeka was nearby as well, then back at the gathered Bugrom before 
them. -If the others are back that way, then...-

".. I can go full out." She yelled as she pulled more and more energy from her 
gems. Finally, as the nighttime darkness of the valley was banished by the false 
dawn of her plasma sphere she unleashed it.

Sheyla watched in a mixture of fear and awe as the massed forces of the Bugrom 
vanished in a flash of plasma that rivaled anything she had ever seen, save 
Ifurita and the Eye of God. The blast tore through the Bugrom and continued 
on into the valley wall behind them with a thunderous roar that left all of them 
temporarily deafened. What remained of the valley wall fell in on the remaining 
Bugrom.-I was trying to pick a fight with someone capable of that?- She 
thought in stunned awe. Ryoko looked at the two priestess with a rougish smile.

"I believe you said something about the others being that way?"
----

Namami bolted awake, her first sight upon returning to awareness was that of a 
massive Burgrom warrior standing in front of her. An iron grip on her mouth kept 
her from screaming in terror at the sight. Fauric's voice was a harsh whisper in 
her ear.

"Trust me, k'Chara. They can't see us, my power has us cloaked from sight and 
smell, but you mustn't cry out." Nanami nodded, and as quickly as it had 
appeared, the hand was gone. She tried to sit up but the sudden movement brought 
on an wave of pain that she only just managed to keep from screaming from.  
Fauric's other hand was applying a cloth to her side, where she noted with no 
little amount of queasiness, a large amount of blood was leaking from.

"Fauric?" She whispered gently as he eased her back onto the makeshift mat, 
"Makoto,.. Ayeka.."The sounds of battle could be heard dimly through the thick 
forest, she could make out the ominous shadows of the valley cliffs behind him.

"Hopefully they are alive as well, hold on. You've been badly injured and I have 
managed to stop most of the bleeding, but you must hold still."

"No," she said, gasping for breath as the pain returned. -So tired...- "My 
friends." She could see the desperate concern on the phantom's lined face. -I 
never realized.-

"Look at me, K'chara, ..Nanami." He said hurriedly. "You will die without help, 
which right now your freinds won't be able to provide." She shook her head, 
trying to fight back the weakness that made her vision hazy and dim. She could 
feel Fauric pick her up gently, moving deeper into the passages of the Bugrom 
warren that he had hidden in.

Fauric looked down at the gash across his leg. -I can't take her with me. And if 
I don't stay with her, she will die.- He crouched down, still cradling her in 
his arms as more Bugrom searched through the underground forest. He focused 
his powers, expending the field of his illusion to cover the trail of blood that 
he was leaving. As the increased power of his illusion grew, a ripple of light 
wavered over Nanami sending tingles through his mind.

He looked down at her face and finally understood many things. The self-hatred 
and almost desperate need for someone who would possibly understand, all the 
while terrified of becoming like her sibling. -Blood seeks blood- His 
hands traced an arcane symbol over her breast as he placed her gently on the 
ground. He took a moment to adjust the makeshift pressure bandage on her stomach 
wound. A dagger appeared in his hand, his own. A reminder of what he had once 
been. A warrior, a Knight of the noblest order. He slid it into it's sheath and 
hid it on Nanami's body, erasing it from view with a simple illusion before 
restoring the one that he had disturbed.

"k'Chara, I'm sorry. I pray that one day, that you will understand." He dimished 
the illusion that kept them hidden from the burgrom, pulling it around himself 
as he stood and edged away from her. The burgrom warrior that was passing 
immediately caught the alien scent of human blood and approached to investigate, 
waving it's antenna as it did.

-Jinnai? Not Jinnai, but also of Jinnai. Same brood... No kill.- The simple 
thoughts of the Bugrom were directed by the hive mind, and it gently picked up 
the girl and retreated deeper into the hive. Others would resolve the confusion, 
it would simply serve as it was needed.

Behind it, a half visible shimmer wavered a second before turning and vanishing 
into the growing light of the dawning morning.

------
Makoto wretched the second he awoke, the memory of blood and gore in his mind. 
Finally, he was reduced to dry heaving. Tenchi handed him a canteen, which he 
took with a grateful nod. He washed out the acid taste from his mouth.

"Thanks." he said, handing the water back.

"No problem," Tenchi took a sip and looked over the remaining members of the 
doomed expedition, "Sheyla, do you have any idea how long it would be before 
Rune would send in another expedition after us?"

"Days at the best, unless she realizes that her sister is here with us. Then 
they could comb the ridge in force within the hour." Sheyla shrugged her 
shoulders, "sorry that I can't give you a better estimate. I'm a preistess not a 
general. I am not used to having to deal with the bureaucrats that Rune will 
have to deal with. What do we do till then?" Tenchi looked out the cave entrance 
a while before he spoke.

"We hope and pray that the alliance finds us before the bugrom."  Tenchi nodded 
grimly as he grabbed a rifle from a fallen soldier ratcheting the action.  

------
Nanami bolted upright, the pain and weakness were gone now; and was surprised to 
find her shirt had been removed and she was sitting in what could only be 
described as a pool of slime. Beneath the surface things that she would rather 
not name moved around her. She touched her side, where there had been a gaping 
wound hours before there was only a tender spot.

"How?"

"The Bugrom lost much in the war that ended the Age of Marvels, this tank is one 
of the few that remain from that time." Nanami turned at the woman's voice. She 
was a tall woman, slender and sensuous. From what she knew of the bugrom this 
could be only one person.

"Queen Deva?" She continued at the bugrom ruler's nod, "Why did you save me?" 
Deva looked up from a console that she stood beside.

"It was the right thing to do, of course. You have the right of Blood, even if 
you don't know it." She smiled at Nanami's confused look, "your brother is my 
General remember?"

"Somehow, I don't think that he would heal me, kill me yes. Heal? No."

"Be that as it may be, he serves me and will follow my laws. You have some time 
before you will have to see him anyway." At this point a portion of the console 
lit up with a beep, "sleep now, and we will see what happens later." 

The machines hold over her system was far stronger than her own, and despite all 
that she tried Nanami felt sleep claim her again.

----
Deva pulled the door shut and walked down the hall. Despite her warrior's claims 
she had been surprised at the similarities and differences in the two siblings. 
-Nanami has the same pointed angular features of her brother, but they 
make her look almost regal while on him they show the world that he is a 
predator...- her thoughts were broken by a voice from the hall behind her.

"Harpo told me that my sister is in the healing tank. Why waste the time on her 
Deva?" Deva turned, surprised at his cold statement. "I mean, she is the enemy 
and not even one wholly in the confidence of the planners. My spies tell me 
that she is thought to be my pawn by most of the council and that she keeps to 
herself mostly these days."

"You are broodkin and you would act like this to her?" Deva asked incredulously.

"Of course! She betrayed me for that rat Makoto! If you are too weak to do the 
deed, I will!" Any other words were cut off by the iron grip of Deva's hand 
around his throat as she lifted him off his feet and slammed him into the wall 
with appalling ease.

"Kill her and your spine will decorate my bedroom wall. That I promise." Deva's 
grip had the strength of steel in it, and Jinnai found that he couldn't get 
loose despite all his efforts. "The Kin-bond is the first law of the Bugrom, you 
will respect it." She dropped him to the floor and walked away, "or else." 
Jinnai looked on with surprise as she walked away without another word. -That 
wasn't the way she deals with me, what have I done?- He pulled out the message 
that he had received from a messenger just minutes before his confrontation with 
Deva. -Maybe I should reconsider this after all, I don't want to leave such an 
option out when I am evidently falling out of favor-
----

Nanami stirred restlessly in the vats, her dreams must have been troubled. 
Jinnai watched her thrash about for a time, remembering how close they were once 
upon a time. -Before she betrayed me.- He reminded himself. He looked down 
at the keypad in front of him, it would only take a couple strokes and the slug 
like symbiotes would kill her in seconds. 

Total systemic disruption.

-Then Deva would kill me.- He had no doubts as to his queen's veracity on that 
count, Deva was a very direct and honest being. It was something that he knew 
for a fact, she never hid the truth. 

He tapped in a combination of keystrokes, and read the display on her recovery. 
It was very lucky that she had survived long enough to be brought here. Another 
sequence brought up her current status and he punched in a code that would 
tell the symbiotes in the tank to revive her. Within seconds, Nanami stirred and 
looked up from the pool of slime.

"Katshuhiko?" She asked sleepily. Jinnai smiled, a gentle smile to set her at 
ease and not the normal feral one that he used.

"Nanami, how are you doing?" he asked gently as she sat up, using one arm to 
cover her chest.

"Like you really care. What do you want?"

"Is that anyway to talk to your brother? To the person to whom you owe your 
life?" He shook his head as her face set in a determined glare. "So be it. When 
you are well, I have a message for you to send to Makoto and the others. I have 
the Great Key, and I am sure that it will be only a matter of time before I 
figure out to use it." -Right after I learn how to touch it without getting 
zapped that is..- "Tell them that I will send them home, in exchange I want 
Makoto, Fujisawa and the priestesses to leave El Hazard forever never to return. 
This will be my world."

"They will never relent, I know it. You have a better chance of mastering the 
Eye with a light dimmer than the Great Key. I saw what it did to Makoto when he 
tried to use it. Do you think that I would believe for a second that some half 
rate would-be tyrant like you could do what he can't." Jinnai punched in a 
combination angrily, and Nanami's tirade died as she slid back into sleep.

"How dare she! " He fumed as he walked out of the room. -I show her! I will show 
them all! They will all pay!- Behind him, the monitor signaled a request for 
confirmation on his orders. With no one to give it, the pod's directives 
indicated that the subject was finished. Nanami stirred again in the slime.
----

Awareness returned as Nanami pulled herself at the tank. The soreness was gone, 
and she checked her side as she stood. There wasn't even a bruise to show that 
she had a hole in her side. -Now, where is my clothes?- she said as she looked 
around the tank room. The whole room glowed faintly and she quickly pulled on 
her shirt and pants and started to think of her next move as slid out of the 
room and into the shadows of the hallway. -Where would he have the Key?- she 
asked herself as she retreated deeper into the hive.

Deva stepped out of the shadows and watched Nanami head down the hall. Ahead of 
the girl, Bugrom sentries and messengers moved aside as Deva's commands ordered 
them aside. Soon, Nanami would find what she sought; Deva was sure of that. 

"Maybe I chose the wrong Jinnai as my champion." Deva told herself as she saw 
Nanami enter the vault through the eyes of one bugrom messenger. She walked 
away, to the throne room, watching Nanami find the Key in her mind's eye. 
"Only time will tell, but I think..that Nanami and I will meet again." she told 
herself as she settled on the throne and returned to the business of ruling. Of 
guiding her children into the future.

------
It seemed more like an afternoon walk than a search party, Fujisawa thought to, 
at least till he remembered the wreakage of the pods and shattered hillside 
behind him. Miz wrapped an arm around his and giggled.

"Maybe we ought to have a picnic," she suggested with a hint of mischief in her 
eyes. "Just the two of us, right Masamichi?" His throat was suddenly parched, 
and he could feel the heat rising up from his neckline. -Just like being at 
the prom all over again but without pimples- He cleared his throat nervously.

"Um, I think that Rune would have something to say about that, at least before 
we find the others." He gently reminded her, they had come looking for Makato 
and the others. They both refrained from commenting that they would have 
come along with the others, if they had been there. Instead of going to Miz's 
family estate with her parents.

He started to say something, when he spotted something out of the corner of his 
eye. Miz was still looking at him with stars in her eyes.-Don't have time,- he 
thought to himself as he grabbed her up and leapt clear. 

He was just a hair ahead of the bugrom warrior that landed where they were 
seconds before. -Damn that was too close.- He leapfrogged across a dozen yards 
of distance, each time only barely keeping ahead of the horde of warriors that 
were suddenly appearing.

"Masamichi, let me down! I can't fight if I am all tangled up in your arms like 
this!" Miz yelled over the wind. Behind them the sounds of battle were already 
beginning.

"I was just trying to get us clear." Fujisawa said as he landed and gently 
placed her on the ground. Miz smiled and powered up quickly, there were things 
that had done before they could finish this conversation. They leapt down into 
the growing conflict together.

---

Afura looked up as the flare shot into the sky. Makoto and Tenchi were sharing 
the watch with them and joined her at the cave's entrance. 

"I wonder what that means?" Tenchi asked aloud as they woke the others.

"I would imagine that it is the rescue party that was sent out for you." They 
all spun around that the sound of Fauric's dry voice. The Phantom stood at the 
entrance of the cave, leaning on a makeshift staff. "I spotted indications of a 
large group of humans to the north, I thought it was you till I found this cave. 
Maybe we should join them?"

"Fauric! Where is Nanami?" Makoto asked, still worried that his folly might have 
cost his oldest friend her life. Fauric looked at him a second before replying.

"Safe. She is in the bugrom hive..." Makoto's fist cut off the rest of his 
reply, sending him spinning to the floor. He spat up blood as he stood.

"You monster! They will kill her! You might have just as well let her die out in 
this god forsaken wilderness." Tenchi and Afura had to hold him back, he had a 
look of murderous rage on his face that made them wonder if he was going to 
kill the elder Phantom.

"No. You don't understand how deep the Brood bond permeates Bugrom society. 
They've never killed their own. She is kin to Deva's general, that kinship will 
keep her safe. I didn't have a choice boy! Do you honestly think that I wanted 
to leave her behind? She was dying, and it was the only way I knew of to keep 
her alive. Deva has artifacts that could heal any wound, and Nanami needed them. 
Not the futile bandages and powders that your field kits could provide." Fauric 
looked at him, anger shadowing his face. "Now, I know she will find a way back 
to us. What is important now is to return with the others and plan our next 
step."

"He's right Makoto." Afura said quietly. Makoto turned away with a growl, it was 
frustrating when he couldn't fault the other's logic. -I'm sorry Nanami, but I 
have to go back.- He grabbed a pack and started to get ready telling himself 
that he wasn't responsible for another death. Now they had to save the others 
before they were overwelmed.
-----

Nanami emerged from the hive, her jacket wrapped around the Key. She wasn't sure 
that it would hurt her, but after seeing the zap it had given Makoto made her 
cautious around it. It was nice to feel the sun on her face, and after taking 
a second to get her bearings, she started jogging down the slope towards the 
area where the team was supposed to meet up in case they were seperated.
-----

Miz and Fujisawa led off the forces, tearing through the intial charge of 
Burgrom. -If we only knew where the others were, we could grab them and run.- 
Fujisawa though angrily as he smashed one enemy after another. Miz used her 
powers to knock back entire waves of Bugrom, and still they came on. -I won't 
fail.-, he told himself grimly as he pulled up a massive boulder.

Just then the back end of the assault exploded into a chain of fire and the wind 
in the valley rushed into the horde from the side. He threw the the boulder 
aside and started smashing through the now confused ranks to meet the column 
that was fighting through the other side of the massed enemies. Ryoko and Sheyla 
were the first to come into sight, with Makoto, Alliele, Ayeka and the Princess 
in the middle, then Afura and Fauric bringing up the rear. There were very few 
members of the royal guard with them and ... He grabbed up Makoto and looked him 
in the eye.

"Where is Nanami?" He yelled as the whole group started to pull back, trying to 
get back to the transports. Makoto looked away, and Fujisawa's heart skipped a 
beat in fear.

"She was captured in the ambush." Makoto replied with a glare at Fauric. the 
team came over the ridge and stopped dead, there was a horde of bugrom massed 
between them and the transports.

"Damn!" Royoko and Sheyla said at the same time, the two automatically moving 
into a pincer before any of the others could react. Miz, Ayeka, and Afura caught 
up quickly and tore into the center. The unspoken plan was to break this 
force's resolve before the others caught up.

"Look out!" Fujisawa turned to look behind. Several hundred feet up the slope 
was Nanami, coming towards them at a full run. She pointed to one side as she 
ran to join the group. Fujisawa turned to look in that direction. It might have 
saved his life, because the next second a bullet whistled by his head. Over the 
hill, a company of phantoms fired off the rest of the volley before moving in.

"Damn!" Fujisawa swore as he moved in close to Miz. "Just what we needed to ruin 
the whole party."

The battle turned against them again, as reality itself changed and ran like 
water under the combined willpower of dozens of approaching phantom warriors.
----

Afura reached for the wind but was knocked down by a Phantom that just appeared 
suddenly , and she dropped her activator pack. -No! I won't fail again!- She 
slammed a fist into his face and dropped into a guard position, though she 
didn't like her chances as the bloody faced man vanished in a flash.
---

Tenchi closed his eyes, and reached deep within. -Must protect the others!- He 
had never actually done what he was attempting. Summoning the Wings of the Light 
Hawk under his own. Before it was always be as a reaction. -Please!- He pleaded 
as the enemy closed. 

With the suddeness of a tripped switch he felt the power surge forward at his 
call. The Wings grew out, and with them a barrier to protect the princess and 
the wounded. Tenchi could feel his Marks appear and the clothing shift into the 
Jurian battledress, but kept his eyes closed. He had only one thought on his 
mind. -Protect the others.- All the while he watched his two lovers fight for 
their lives outside the barrier and the bodies pile up around him.
---

"Miz! What is that damned phantom doing!" Sheyla yelled as she closed in on the 
group that had formed around the senior priestess and her love. Fauric was 
holding still, yet sweating like a man that had just ran a marathon. She ducked 
under the knife of a phantom who suddenly appeared in front of her, and lashed 
out with flame before turning to face two bugrom warriors that were approaching 
from her side.

"He's holding the illusions at bay!" Miz replied as she lashed out with a wave 
of water that swept an entire facing of their attackers away. Sheyla smiled 
grimly as she discovered that it was true, retreat to within in a certain 
distance of the Phantom and no illusions would work.

"Alright! Keep it up Fauric!"
---
Namami slipped under a bugrom warrior, and dodged around another as she dashed 
to the circle of humans at the center of the valley. Fujisawa smiled as he saw 
her close in to the group and renewed his efforts, almost singlehandely 
opening up the entire side that he was fighting on.

Fauric looked up at her, his features twisted at the level of effort that he had 
to keep up his counters. Still, she could see that he was happy to see her. She 
rushed to his side, determined to protect him as he countered his kin's 
illusions.

"K'chara.." Fauric licked his lips and Nanami could tell that the level of 
effort he was keeping  was consuming him. "I need your help, .."

"How? I can see through the illusions, but how can that help anyone else?" 
Fauric shook his head   as he cut her off.

"You're a Seer, Nanami." He looked up and met her eyes, there was an intensity 
there that was terrifying. "You're.."

Nanami turned, seeing a flicker of the ridge top. The heart wrenching sounds of 
tearing flesh and smashed bone met her ears. Fauric fell foward in a shower of 
blood, and all the illusions that he hald at bay returned.

"Fauric!"
---

Nahto handed the scoped rifle to an associate as he smiled. Things were going 
quite well, the enemy were about to fall and it was easy to see that with the 
fall of their pet Phantom that the forces of Roshtaria would soon fall.

"It was so nice to see you again Fauric." he said as he returned to the task of 
directing his troops. 

---
There was blood everywhere, or so it seemed to Namami, as she held both hands 
over the wound. Fauric looked up at her and tried to say something. She shook 
her head, trying to look a lot more hopeful than she felt.

"Hold still, and don't say anything Fauric. You'll be okay, just please hold 
still." She pleaded as she tore a piece of her shirt and pressed it to the 
wound. "You HAVE to be okay." She looked up as his hand wrapped around hers.

"K'chara.. Nanami.. I need you to do something for me, promise me.."

"Anything! Just hold still, someone will be here to help me with you. Please 
Fauric, just hold on" Nanami was crying now, terrified at the though of losing 
him. "I still have a lot to learn from you. Hell, I don't even know what your 
name for me means." -Got to keep him talking. Please someone help me!- Nanami 
thought as she watched the strength drain out of the man in her lap.

"K'chara ... Child of my Heart." Fauric coughed and his face saddened. "I fear 
that I leave you a terrible burden, K'chara. Nanami," the intensity returned as 
he continued, "promise that you won't stand in the shadows. Lead them into 
the light once more," another racking cough," swear it to me." Nanami gasped. -
He knows and still cares for me!-

"I will, we will. You can't give up. Don't you dare die on me, who will finish 
my picture if you do?"  She said desperately.

He lived a few moments longer, the last few seconds filled with regret and pain 
between the two of them. Then he was gone, a long sigh escaping from him as his 
body suddenly went limp in her arms. Fauric, the most noble warrior of the 
Phantom tribe, was dead. 

Nanami looked around her at the melee. Even without Fauric, the warriors were 
doing well enough to hold their own. 

A pair of explosions signaled where Ryoko and Sheyla were fighting and the 
others were holding a strong position around her.

Then it hit her hard, the pain of her fit making her to reflectively curl into a 
ball. -Not now!- she begged as she felt the 'fit' tear her apart. Alliele and 
Fatora, safe on the other side of Tenchi's barrier gasped in shock as Nanami 
changed. She could hear Makoto yell her name from close by, but the pain was too 
much for her to speak through.

It was everywhere, tearing through her like an irresistible wind. Tearing her 
down, crashing the barriers that she had built. Awareness bloomed as she 
remembered. Helpless in the grip of her change, Nanami could only ride the pain 
as it washed over her. And remember.

[A year before, in the Desert of Bleached White Bones]

Nanami landed hard, the impact of her arrival driving 
the wind out of her, and rolled down the hill. She 
failed about in an attempt to control her fall, finally
catching a loose root and halting her fall.

She rolled up into a sitting position and shook her head,
confused by the sudden arrival in an alien place. 

-The last thing I remember is giving Fujisawa-sensai his
tea and then...- She remembered some sort of light and 
a flood of images as she 'fell' away. The face of an
older man, lined with years of carrying a burden. The 
elfin features of a small girl. A small boy, delicate in
features and build.-It's all so confusing...

She reached up to brush her hair out of her face with 
a hand, only to freeze at the sight of it. She looked at it
and then the rest of her body with horrified facination. Her
skin was a pale blue and covered with almost invisible 
silver-blonde hairs that matched the color of her hair. 

"No!" She screamed, and collapsed. She screamed and thrashed
about in shock. Desperately her mind threw up barriers and walls
to shield her from the painful truth.Her form wavered and 
changed to the fair skinned girl that she saw herself as.
All memory of the arrival was banished from her mind.

She gasped as she awake a few minutes later. A dull headache
greeted her. "Where am I ?!" she said as she looked around the
desolate desert landscape around her.

[Transition back...]

"No!" Nanami screamed, trying to deny the truth and the pain that coursed 
through her.  -I've been living a lie, ever since my arrival.- Nanami thought as 
she looked down at the still form of Fauric. -I'm sorry, Fauric.-  She brought a 
shaky hand across Fauric's face and ease the still eyes shut. -Goodbye Fauric.- 
She hugged her arms around herself as she took the memories in and accepted 
them.
---

"Nanami!!" Makoto pounded on the shield as he tried to get her attention. 
"Tenchi! You have to drop the shield. Please! Just for a second!" He looked back 
to Nanami as he pleaded with his old friend.

---
Nanami raised her head, the tears coursing down her face as she threw aside all 
the illusions that she had wrapped around her body and mind.

---
Makoto gasped as Nanami changed before his eyes. -Nanami?! A Phantom?!-

---

A primal howl of pain and loss thundered across the battlefield, causing all to 
pause for a second. In that second a wave of light erupted from the center of 
the battlefield and washed outwards. Taking every illusion and obscurement that 
the phantoms had erected. The tide turned once again in Roshtaria's favor. The 
battle was won.
---

Nahto gasped as the illusions collapsed all of them across the field. -It can't 
be! Where would they have found a Seer? Much less one of this power?- He turned 
to his second and gave a signal as he gathered the items that he would need.

"We're leaving. Now! If they have a Seer down there, it is only a matter of time 
before he or she reacts in a more active role. This battle is Jinnai's now, we 
can do nothing more here."
---

Fuji snarled as another pair of bugrom leapt up to replace the one that he had 
just smashed, his blood singing with adrenaline. They went down just as fast as 
the last one had. He glanced to one side, checking on Miz. She was holding 
her own, literally washing away wave after wave of bugrom. She looked his way, 
seemingly to say something to him.

That was the moment his heart froze. Behind Miz in that second of distract came 
one of Jinnai's new warriors. A lancer bearing a crystal lance. Time slowed to a 
standstill for Fuji, his warning frozen on his lips as the lance plunged through 
her shoulder and appeared as a bloody spike from her chest. 

With a heart rending roar of pain and loss, Fuji lifted the bugrom that had 
appeared between him and Miz and slammed it down into the ground. It shattered 
with a crunch and he moved to the next one as a red haze settled on his vision. 

"Gods," Alliele whispered as Tenchi broke his trance and the shield vanished.

"What is it Alliele?" Makoto asked as he turned and saw what she was looking at. 
"Kami, he's gone insane."

Fuji lashed out at the enemy around him, crushing a warrior's skull before 
twisting around with another to smash three warriors. Then he grabbed an 
enormous chunk of rock and lifted it up high to smash a group of retreating 
bugrom. 

There wasn't any real thought in his mind as he lashed out in his pain. Smash, 
Crush, Kill were the impulses going through his mind. 

A hand grasped him and he turned, ready to strike instinctively. His fist struck 
out with the intent to hammer his foe into the ground.

Only to stop short of Ayeka's concerned face.

"Sensai! Snap out of it!" She yelled as she pulled him back to the crowd. His 
energy drained away and he followed her meekly, in a state of shock through the 
carnage he had created. He looked up in the direction he was being led in and 
his heart nearly burst as two soldiers rigged a litter for Miz.

-Not again, please not again.- he pleaded as he reached for her hand and held it 
while he weapt. -I can't go through this again.-
-----

Fatora wept as the battle unfolded before her eyes.  Never had she ever 
witnessed anything so horrible, so terrifying.   And she was helpless to stop 
it, the thought rang in her mind. Scenes of the battle flashed before her eyes 
melding with those of the past.

The screams of orders and gunfire changed to her pleading screams to her phantom 
captors as they attached her to the gene doubling device.  The indescribable 
pain that ran through her mind as arcs of energy lashed out again and again, 
trying to increase her connection to the Eye of God. Even if it killed her.  The 
terror filled her once more as she couldn't move, couldn't talk, couldn't beg 
for the pain to stop.  

"Fatora,"  a soothing voice pulled her out of the abyss of memory, one with the 
soft loving tones of mother, she held onto it as she blindly relive her past..  
"Shhh, its all right."  Alliele craddled her head in her lap, as she came out of 
her fit.  "Its over."  Fatora sat up slowly taking in the view of the carnage.  

Before her the soldiers surveyed the battlefield searching for bodies and 
treating the wounded.  Makoto and the Jurians stood in a circle over an area of 
the battlefield blocking her vision.  She heard sobbing. She shifted her gaze 
towards the sounds.  "No..no...no..not again.  NO!!!" Fatora screamed.  "Get 
away from me!!!"  Alliele was pushed aside as Fatora lashed out wildly.  
"You..how could you..you betrayed us you bitch!!!"

Suddenly, she found her self restrained by Fujisawa's firm grip, "What are you 
screaming about Princess?"

" Are you blind!!  She's a Phantom, can't you see!!!  Nanami's a phantom!!"  All 
eyes turned to the girl kneeling before Fauric's corpse.
-----

Nanami looked up. Their gaze locked on her, their looks saying so many things; 
the fear, her apparent betrayal, the accusations.  She could feel it burning 
thru her skin and tearing into her soul. She rose quickly, stumbling backwards 
in her haste.  She paused as if to explain, to tell them, anything... but the 
words died unspoken on her lips. Swallowed by a sudden sense of guilt and loss.

"Nanami?"  Makoto whispered.  -No..I was seeing things, an illusion during the 
battle.-  "Is it..?"  The blue skinned and white haired women shook her head as 
tears streaked down her face.

"Nanami's dead,"  She turned fading for their vision as she went. "only K'chara 
ip Fauric, the phantom, remains." came her voice through the silence.  Makoto 
ran toward her only to be held back by the blood stained hands of his sensei.

"We can't let her...she can't just leave us?"  Makoto moaned painfully. -She's 
gone.-  They had shared something, it wasn't love, but they were friends all 
that remained of the world that they had left behind.  

"She can't go to them. Let her go.  She'll come back, she has to. We're all the 
family that she has" Fuji said grimly. Makoto wasn't sure that who he was trying 
to convince more, him or Makoto. He glanced over the battlefield and silently 
prayed to his friend. -Please come back Nanami.-
----

Rune marked the last of the changes into the document, pausing to make 
additional notes on another scroll; then tied them together and placed them 
aside for a page to collect and give to the scribes. She looked around, hoping 
for another task to set her hands to. Anything to keep from considering the 
situation at hand. There weren't any left, she had finished the best part of a 
weeks work in a two day span, keeping at them continuously without sleeping or 
eating. 

Driven by her need to forget, or rather not contemplate what had happened. 

Now, she had nothing left to avoid thinking. -Fatora my sister, what were you 
thinking?- she thought miserably, worried that she had lost the last of her kin. 
The one thing that had kept her focused and open in the last 10 years, and 
made the burdens of leadership worth it. Just for the hope that the loving 
sister she had once had would return again.

"Princess," she looked up at the sound of Londs by the door. "She is alive, and 
the force is returning, according to the outposts they will be back in an hour 
or so." An enormous weight was lifted from her shoulders at those words.

"That is good, Londs. Is there anything else that I should know." He looked down 
for a moment before replying.

"Yes my princess, the detachment you sent with them took heavy losses. Only one 
of the original skimmers and three of the second team are returning and the 
outposts report that they are not heavily manned." Instantly Rune felt a rush of 
same and the return of that weight on her shoulders. -What have I done? Father, 
was it always this hard?-

"I see. Londs, see that I have a list of both detachments' personnel, and that I 
have a list of the wounded as soon as the teams return. I will be resting till 
they arrive." She stood and walked away, heading to her rooms, hoping for a 
small rest. Praying that it would be a dreamless one, because she feared that 
she would again dream the faces of the dead if she did dream.

"I'll send word when they arrive." Londs said as Rune made her escape. -I wish I 
could take the wieght off your shoulders princess, you don't deserve to take 
this type of pain on yourself.-
----

Alliele fumed, confused and at war with herself over the events of the last few 
hours. Fatora had gone from hysterical, to silent, to something closer to her 
normal state of mind. The last forty minutes had been a ceaseless cursing of all 
things phantom and bugrom, specifically Nanami. The quiet Nanami had been one of 
the few females in the palace that didn't get nervous or bolt at the first site 
of her. She had been willing to listen to her when the pain had been too much. 
Alliele had come to rely on her few talks with Nanami,  even though she hadn't 
told her all the secrets she carried. But she told Nanami enough of the things 
that she couldn't tell Fatora. And she hadn't turned Alliele away when the 
smaller girl needed a shoulder.

Getting out of the skimmer, Fatora had something about Nanami again. That was 
the last straw, Alliele spun around and slapped Fatora. The silence and shock in 
the hall was deafening.

"How dare you, .. you don't know what Nanami really was do you? You look at the 
color of her skin and only see the pain and hate that they gave you, it is all 
so easy for you to forget the fact that Nanami risked her life for us. She 
helped Makoto save everything. She fought her brother and the bugrom for us."

"You slept with her didn't you!" Fatora spat at her, closing the distance to 
next to nothing as she ranted at Alliele. "You don't really care for me, you 
always chased every woman you laid eyes on. Varic was right, you aren't worthy 
of me. Get out! I don't want to see you in my presence again." With that Fatora 
turned and walked away, her attendants rushing to keep up with her, and leaving 
a stunned Alliele behind. Alone.
----

"I warned you to stay away from her," a distinctly masculine voice cut through 
her daze.  Allile found herself in one of the many halls of the palace.  She 
looked up seeing the noble standing before her.  Others would have dismissed him 
as an arrogant noble, but she could see the cold calculating features behind his 
eyes.

"Varic," she seethed, "You have no right..."  A look of amusement crossed his 
face.

"No right? I have every right.  Now you know why I warned you about her.I can 
see it in your eyes; you still love her no matter what injustices she serves 
you."  

Alliele clenched her fist as the scars of the past seemed to be torn open.  
"Then why do you seek her out?"  She accused, "Stay out of my life and away from 
Fatora."  She spun on her heel and walked away.

"I've chosen my path, Alliele.  I have my own reasons for seeking her out."  
Varic shook his head in pity at the girl.  "Trust me once more, Alliele, Fatora 
is dangerous.  Stay away from her."

She responded with a rude hand gesture.  "Is that anyway to treat family?" He 
mused to himself.

"Family?  Family!?  I have no family!!  They died in my heart long ago!"  She 
shouted and continued walking away.

-Have they died? Or you only wish they died in your heart?-  Varic turned 
pushing off the incident to the back of his mind.  He had other business to take 
care of. 
----

Sheyla wandered the palace trying to find a center, her thoughts wandering 
through the chaotic events of the last day or so. Nanami and Fauric, two 
phantoms in their midst. The battle with the Bugrom, and her new appreciation of 
Ryoko's power. The nightmares that came from that day and night that she and 
Ryoko had fought. And finally, Miz's pale and drawn face as they fought to keep 
her alive on the trip back to the palace. Fuji's blank look, like he was lost 
without a hope of finding his way back.

She looked up at the sky, it was thankfully empty of the Eye of God. She didn't 
need it as a reminder of their failure. -We were so damn close, we should have 
won after all we went through.- She was about to turn off onto a side path 
when she heard a sound ahead. Something made her move forward and investigate. 

Ahead she saw a small form huddled in a sheet on the grass. Even in sleep, she 
could see the pain in the curled form. Moving closer, she recognized the girl on 
the ground. 

"Alliele?" She whispered as she knelt beside her. A small sob cam from the girl 
as Sheyla picked her up. -What happened to you Ali?- 

"Fatora.." Alliele whispered in her sleep, the mournful tone explaining volumes 
to Sheyla. -I knew it.- Sheyla thought angrily. -It's about time someone set her 
`highness' straight on a few things.-
----
Sheyla opened the door with her leg as she balanced her bundle carefully in her 
arms. The room was as big a mess as it had been when she left, but her visitor 
wouldn't care. She placed her on the bed and pulled the covers over her. She 
took a seat beside the bed and looked at the sleeping girl in the bed. -So much 
pain in the last year, mine and all the others, what I wouldn't give to make it 
all go away.- She brushed a stray lock of hair out of the sleeper's face, and 
almost wept at the sight of her pain.

"You `re a pain in the ass, always trying to cop a feel or jump me at the most 
inconvenient times," She said as she pulled the cover back and tucked it under 
her chin, "but what that bitch did was wrong, I have had it." She turned and 
walked away, resolute in settling this matter once and for all.
---

Fatora slid back into the tub with a sigh, savoring the heat of the water and 
the slow burn of alcohol burning through her gut. She had been whisked off by 
her loyal servants the moment the force had returned to the palace..

"I don't care what you or she wants." Fatora turned at the angry sounds coming 
from the entrance as it burst open, and Sheyla-Sheyla stormed in radiating an 
angry aura that was visible  in a very real way. The two guards that had been 
standing watch at the door were laid out on the floor, senseless for sometime to 
come from the look of it.

"Sheyla, what is the meaning of all of this?" Fatora said, pulling all the regal 
posture and poise she could as she stood up, hoping to enjoy the embarrassment 
to come as the priestess would see her body come clear of the water. 

Only to be surprised as Sheyla paid no mind to her state of undress and 
immediately started tearing into her, using language and details that were 
course even for Sheyla's normal language.

"How dare you talk to me in that manner. I could have you whipped from the 
palace for talking to me in this manner. What right do you have..:" Fatora's 
tirade ended as Sheyla burst into flame with such heat and fury that she could 
have sworn that she felt the hairs on her arm shrivel from the radiated heat.

"You can't touch me princess, I am a priestess of Mount Muldoon, and a guardian 
of the past. My authority is outside your own. As for my `right'." Sheyla leaned 
forward, forcing Fatora backwards and she fell back into the tub with a small 
squeal. "I think that your treatment of Alliele merits a little `commentary' on 
her behalf." Fatora pulled herself out of the tub, anger burning away the fear 
in her gut. She met the rage in Sheyla's eyes with her own.

"That, priestess, is none of your business. What I do with others is my business 
alone." She walked over to one edge of the room and wrapped a towel around her. 
She stopped at the door and looked back at the steaming priestess, "You might 
have had the right to say something if you had accepted my offers of 
`companionship' Sheyla. Too bad that you didn't, I fear that I will be lonely 
tonight. Tomorrow, I am sure I can find someone `suitable'.

Then she was gone, leaving Sheyla grinding her teeth in frustration.
----

"Have you finally taken complete leave of your senses?"" Afura asked as she 
caught up with Sheyla, the younger priestess had taken off as soon as she was 
sure that her guest was taken care of. Afura had only caught the tail end of 
the conversation.

"No, I haven't." Sheyla spun around and faced her friend. "You haven't seen what 
type of mess she turned Alliele into. We both know that Fatora is a spoiled 
brat, and is capable manipulator. She crushed Alliele tonight because the girl 
stood up to her. About something, SOMEONE, we should have been there for. Nanami 
didn't ask to become a phantom, anymore than Makoto or Fujisawa asked for their 
powers. Instead of understanding what happened to her, and give her some 
support, we drove her away. She was the only one who said anything, and then we 
walked away when she spoke up." Sheyla's voice died down and she stood in the 
hallway clenching her fists. Afura placed a hand on her shoulder.

"Come on, I have a bottle in my room. For medicinal purposes, of course. I think 
we both have some pain to dull." Sheyla nodded and followed her down the hall.

"Never you drank, Afura?"  Sheyla mused.  
"Hmmph, unlike you, I can control it."
"HEY!!!"

Rune stepped out of the shadows as the two priestess walked down the passage, 
like Afura she had heard what had been said in the bath. She had heard the 
entire conversation however, since her unseen arrival occur almost the same time 
that Sheyla had stormed in on Fatora. In 
fact, she had intended to do something similar to what the priestess had done. -
This will have to be handled before it gets out of hand.- She told herself,  the 
tensions of the current situation had driven everything out of proportions. Now 
it was far too possible that the very alliance could be disrupted if things 
continued. 
----

Nanami sniffled as she sheltered under a tree, watching the nighttime drizzle in 
disgust. She was miserable and confused. Things had gotten out of hand, she 
couldn't see a way to get a handle on it. She pulled the bundle out from 
her belt. Even through several layers of cloth, she could feel the pulse of the 
Key. Seemingly in time with a heart. -Tenchi's?- she asked as placed it back in 
it's place and settled back into a more comfortable position.

Only to shoot upright with a scream of shock as something dropped from the 
foliage above her into her lap. She bolted upright and rolled over into an 
upright position, her knife up in a guard position. The creature rolled back up 
onto it's paws, shook itself vigorously and looked at her with the most soulful 
eyes she had seen.

"Miyah?" It wailed miserably, and Nanami smiled at the miserable gaze it gave 
her. She lowered and sheathed the knife. Something that small and cut was just 
too impossible to picture as dangerous. She settled back against a trunk and 
beckoned to it.

"Come on." She said as she pulled out one of her last packs of rations out. 
"Care to share a ration bar?"

"Miyah!" The strange creature cried as it lept into her lap and eagerly bit into 
the offered bar. It chews thoughtfully for several seconds on the orange bar 
before looking up with a disappointed look in it's eye. Nanami examined it, and 
the only way she could describe it was as a `cabbit'.

"Don't look at me," she giggled, "I don't think that the army knows how to make 
an edible ration bar." -Or at least that was what father once said.- she 
reminded herself.

"She was expecting it to be a carrot." Nanami jumped at the sound of another 
persons voice. She glanced up, a tall slender woman sat a few feet away under a 
nearby tree. Before she could move, the stranger spoke again. "I mean no 
harm, be at peace child."

"Who are you?" Nanami said as she settled back with the cabbit in her lap, it 
reluctantly went back to eating the bar and looking at the stranger.

"A traveler of sorts, you are a long way from the Lastic Warren, child. Won't 
those of your clan be looking for you?'

"I am..an orphan." Nanami said quickly, "and have no family to speak of. Truth 
be told, till lately I didn't even know what I was." The stranger smiled.

"I see, so you are looking for a way to find the tribes? I know a way to the 
warrens, though I think it wouldn't be the best time to return to them. Gallus' 
shadow, Nahto, is preparing the phantoms for war. I fear that he might even try 
to assault the Palace in an attempt to seize some artifact that he is obsessed 
with." The stranger sighed and shook her head. "I had been a hearthguest many 
years, till of late when Gallus and his kind stirred the phantoms against all 
`paleskins'. I wish that the tales were true and Fauric would return."

"Fauric?"

"He is a great scholar and sage, as well as a skilled warrior. He was once their 
greatest leader, till he turned from the violent paths that the phantom follow 
now. It is said he accepted exile and imprisonment rather than turn his blade 
against another of his kin. A shame, he or his hearthkin could possibly end this 
madness that Nahto plans before it is too late." The stranger's words triggered 
the seed of a plan in Nanami's mind, a possibility of her avenging Fauric.

"Could you show me the way to the Lastic Warren," she asked guietly as the plan 
grew in scope and the image of Fauric's killer appeared in her mind. The same 
monster that had held a dagger to her throat. -Nahto-

"I could give you a map and directions, but like I said, my kind are not welcome 
at this time." The stranger rummaged through the pack and quickly explained the 
way to Nanami. As the girl stood, after gently placing the cabbit on the 
ground, she said one last thing. "I hope that one day, I will again be able to 
visit the warrens in peace."

"So do I, maybe then I will be able to repay you for the debt I owe you for the 
directions." Nanami yelled as she dashed off to the entrance of the Warrens. The 
stranger watched her leave and stood quietly for several minutes, before she 
reached into her cloak and pulled out a bundle. The tip of the Key appeared from 
the loose wrappings.

"No need, I think it is safe to say we are more than even," said Harbinger as 
her features wavered from those of the old woman that had confronted Nanami back 
to her own.  Her gaze shifted to the creature.  Shook ripped
her through the core.  "You do not belong here!"

The cabbit hissed rearing back onto its paws.  She could see temporal edies 
swirling around it.  Her hand shot out to snatch up the creature only to see it 
in a different position.  -How?-  She mentally shook herself.  It was a
simple animal; it possessed no baring for the future.  The darkness enclosed her 
as she faded into the night. 

The cabbit watched the figure disappear a look of worry crossing its features...
-------

-How could she dare do that? Say those things to ME?- Fatora funed as she tossed 
aside her robe and settled in her bed. -A mere priestess shouldn't be allowed to 
say such things, immunity of the order or not.-
"Ali.." her voice trailed away into silence, the memory of a moment hours ago 
coming to mind. For the first time since then, Fatora almost regretted her 
words. Anger at her lover's betrayal warred with her need and loneliness. 
Memories warred within her. The sight of Alliele standing there with a look of 
outrage in her eyes at harsh words Fatora had spoken. The heartrending 
realization that the woman she loved was somehow short of what she should have 
been, as if Fatora had failed to be the person that Alliele had seen. Guilt rose 
as an acid burn in her throat as Fatora recalled the look of hurt and betrayal 
in her lover's eyes. She closed her eyes and recalled the times that Alliele had 
held her, keeping the pain away, when the nightmares overwhelmed her.

-Gods. What should I do?- She wondered as she curled up in the bed, alone for 
the first time in quite sometime.
 
----
 
 Nahato stepped into the cavern accompanied by one guard. "You have something 
 for me?" He addressed the shadows. One detached itself from the wall 
 materializing into the Harbringer. 
 
 "I serve fate, not you, or any master."
 
 "Of course," the phantom boy replied." Harbringer's hands reached into the 
 folds of the cloak revealing the simple sword hilt.
 
 Nahato let out a restrained gasp and whispered solemnly, "And the blood of 
 Kaizen shall open up the sky....GIVE IT TO ME!"
 
 "Where has your respect gone, boy?" Harbringer demanded, "Am I not the one 
 who consolidated your power? Pointed Gallus to you?"
 
 "Your parlor tricks won't disguise your mortality women. You are not the god 
you believe to be." With a way of his hand a dozen phantoms appeared surrounding 
the Harbringer. A snap-hiss revertebrated through the cavern as the Great Key's 
blade ignited in Harbringer's hand. The attack came seconds later.
 --------------
 
 Fuji held the bottle in his hands, and it was so damn hard to not open it. 
 He closed his eyes and tried to forget the sounds of the battle. -The shriek 
 of pain as she fell down, with a shard sticking out her breast- Fujisawa 
 clenched his fists and tried to put the scene out of his mind. Only to have 
 another rise up and take it's place. -He struck the bugrom warrior with a 
 massive boulder, not caring what happened to himself as it shattered under 
 the impact, and then turned and slammed another into the ground. A fierce, 
 savage part of him enjoying the sound of the bugrom cracking under the impact 
 with the ground-
 
 There was a cracking sound, he looked down to discover that the bottle that 
 he had brought up from the kitchens had shattered under the crushing grip of 
 his hands. He looked over to the bed and tossed the remains away, it wasn't 
 time to 
 try and drown his pities. He took Miz's hand and held it like it was a 
 delicate piece of crystal.
 
 -It's all my fault.- He told himself as he looked at her pale and drawn face.
 At first he had hated the way she had entrapped him. But it was hard to 
 hate her, Miz had been the thing that had saved him from himself. -I could 
 have 
 saved her, but I never had much luck saving the women in my life have I?-
 
 A chill ran through him as a cold breeze blew through a window. He moved 
 quickly to the window and shut it. -I thought they shut this when they 
 brought Miz in from surgery.- He turned and froze in place at the sight that 
 awaited him. The old pain washed over him as once before.
 
 "I......" 
 
 The thought of life without her was unbearable. A tear ran down his cheek 
 and fell on her hand.
 
 Then another hand covered his and broke the terrible chain of thoughts that 
 were tearing through his mind. He looked down and saw her face, smiles intact 
 on the pale drawn face. She whispered to him, her throat parched from the 
 long 
 days without water.
 
 "We got to stop meeting like this Mazimichi, people will start to talk." He 
 didn't bother to reply, just grabbing her into a strong delicate hug and 
 enjoying the warmth of her body and the soft gentle scent of her skin.
 
 ----
 
 The last phantom fell screaming as he clutched at the cauterized stub where 
 his arm used to be. The hallow thud sounded his death. Harbringer strode 
 forward blood flowing from dozens of wounds. "Fool, Nahato thinking you 
 could best me with those mere soldiers."
 
 "Hmmm, for one so close to death you are arrogant. Look at you...would the 
 divine messanger of the apocalypse bleed like a stuck pig?" With a howl, 
 Harbringer rose the energy blade and charged. Calmly, Nahato withdrew his 
 derringer and unleashed a single shot.
 -----
 
 Nanami eased from one shadow to another, something deep within her guiding 
 her through the underground tunnels. She slid unseen past guards and traps, 
 her illusions allowing her to pursue her foe. -Soon, Fauric.- She promised 
 as she 
 fingered her dagger.
 ---
 
 Harbringer watched her illusion slump to the ground. The Great Key 
 clattered to the ground its blade dissipating. Nahato pulled it into his 
 hands; the natural defenses of the key, which shocked Makoto, were gone.
 
 "El-Hazard is mine.
 
 ----
 
 "Tonight, we take the palace!" Nahto yelled to the assembled troops. "The 
 earth humans have the secret to the Eye of God, and without the traitor or 
 their human watchdog, now is the time to take it from them."
 
 "Hold!" The voice came clear across the common, Nahto looked to speaker as she 
approached his stand. The slender girl had a determined look on her face that 
made him uneasy. "I challenge you Nahto in single combat. For the blood that you 
have shed and the evil that you plan to do. It will end now." She pulled a 
dagger from her belt and stood ready. The troops pulled back and formed a 
circle.
 
 "Your death fool." Nahto said evenly as he pulled his own knife and stepped 
 down into the ring. "Before I kill you, what is your name. So, the 
 taletellers can get the name of a dead fool correct." 
 
 "Nanami, K'chara ip Fauric." She said evenly as she took a guard position. The 
gasp that rocked through the crowd was echoed by his own shock, as Nahto took 
position across from her. -The heartchild of Fauric, this couldn't come at a 
worse time.- He thought his chances through as he circled one way and she the 
other. -I know her.- 
 
 With a gesture, he conjured an explosion of light that should have blinded her. 
She gestured and it died before the glow had expanded much beyond his hands, and 
a ripple of light and shadow radiated outwards. All the illusions withing a 
circle of a dozen yards collapsed. -A seer, the same one that was with Fauric.- 
That was when he recognized her.
 
 "You're the human watchdog." he said as he slashed at her.
 
 "Nanami was my name, monster. How could you gun him down in the back." She 
 met his blade with her own, drawing sparks as they clashed.
 
 "Simple girl, it was open to me. Did you expect me to simply stand by and let 
him stand against my forces?" Nahto pushed her backwards, and was impressed as 
she recovered her balance and danced out of the way of his stab. 

"Consequences of war, simply that."
 
 Nanami's lips tightened into a grim smile as she lunged at the small boy and 
drew blood, and spun out of the way of his return thrust. She hissed as his 
follow up slash drew a line of fire down her left side.
 
 Nahto smiled as his foe stepped back, checking her wound. It wasn't deep, he 
knew from experience such a wound would only slow a fighter, it would be hours 
before it drained them of all their strength. -If it was the last wound of a 
fight.- He reminded himself as he circled her. With the wound, she was slowed 
and Nahto knew he had the advantage.
 
 A feint here, a lunge to one side only to spin out of her counter and slash at 
the other side. A nick here, and small prick there. Nanami knew he was playing 
with her, but what could she do? -He's so much better than I am, what was I 
thinking? He knows just how good I am.- She frowned, as he clipped her on the 
thigh and danced away. -Remember, when fighting a master who knows all you are 
capable of.- came the memory of her Sensai, from the short time she had an 
interest in Kempo. -That's it.- 
 
 Nanami smirked and bent her will to the task at hand.
 
 "I tire of this game girl, would you relent Seer? Your blood and power is too 
rare to waste. You will be assured of good treatment." Nahto smirked as his 
blade clipped a lock of hair. "Perhaps you would even come to enjoy your 
future."
 
 "Never!"
 
 "Pity, you aren't uncomely." Nanto said as he lashed out for her throat. -
 What!-
 
 Nahto's blade passed through her throat and in that second of surprise, she had 
him. A quick split second of indecision that left him open for a right hook that 
sent him flying. The rough impact of his landing knocked the breath out of him. 
The next thing he knew she was on him.
 
 "What's the matter Nahto? Did you think I wasn't capable of illusions?" His 
response was cut off by the pressure of a blade at his throat. -Now you are 
avenged Fauric.- Nanami thought as she worked up the resolve to finish her foe. 
The flood of memories rushed over her as she struggled to finish it.
 
 ::Fauric looking up from his table with a smile, eager for the simple 
 pleasure of company and conversation.::
 ::Fauric showing her with pride, the simple window box of flowers that he 
 had grown between the bars of his cell::
 ::Listening in fascination as he spun hours of tales concerning his homeland.:
 :
 
 "No! I won't do it" Nanami screamed as she stood up and looked around at the 
assembled crowd. "I won't sully the memory of the best man I ever knew with your 
blood." She stood and started to walk away, stopping at the entranceway by some 
impulse. She looked back at the assembled phantoms, tears in her eyes. "I will 
never understand how a people capable of creating someone as good and honorable 
as Fauric could follow such evil.. as that. Genocide isn't the answer, you can't 
think that is the answer?" Nanami shook her head, "Fauric had such hopes, he 
told me of the Phantom tribe, of how honor and clan meant so much. I see that he 
saw something that no longer existed. Shame, had I found some of what he told me 
of, I would have wanted to stay." She turned away and vanished into the shadows 
the entrance. Her soft low voice boomed through the warrens.
 ----
 
 "I want you to kill her! She cost me the support of an entire Warren, their 
council is split." Nahto paced back and forth, dabbing his face with a damp 
cloth. "Damn Fauric and his heresy!"
 
 "No." said his companion with no emotion in his voice. Nahto spun around and 
took the cloth off his eye.
 
 "You swore an oath to me, Revin!" He screamed in rage, only stopping short of 
striking the man. It was only the knowledge of what the man was capable of that 
stopped him. 
 
 "And I have stood by it, as I did with Gallus before you. I was your shield and 
protector, not the blade in the night like Kiriya. I swore I would be your 
K'mari till you failed to prove your worth as Gallus' successor."
 
 "I can still succeed, Revin. Give me time, I will prove my worth. I haven't 
failed." To lose a K'mari of Revin's stature was a blow that Nahto knew he 
couldn't afford.
 
 "You have to me." Revin said as he walked away. Nahto watched in stunned 
silence as he vanished into the darkness. Long minutes passed in silence as 
Nahto stood there looking into the darkness. 
 
 "Damn!" He swore, as he turned away to plan his next move
 
 "Milord? I have a message for you." Nahto turned to look at the trooper who was 
walking towards him. Something told him that this was important. 
 ----
 
 "I don't care what you think is going to happen, we have to figure where she 
went with the key." Tenchi said.
 
 "We're not even sure she has it." Makoto said evenly.
 
 "I don't know this Jinnai guy as well as you do, but from what I do know, he 
would have let us know if he had it by now."
 
 "Makoto! Tenchi!" Sasami yelled as she entered the library. "She's come back!"
 
 "Who?" They both said in unison
 
 "Nanami! She's come back." Sasami motioned for them to follow. "She appeared in 
the throne room but she was wounded and passed out. Princess Rune ordered her 
taken to her rooms. She's got the palace doctors looking after her right now."
 ------
 
 Nanami opened her eyes and was surprised to see Tenchi and Rune by her bed, 
 along with Fuji and Makoto. She smiled weakly.
 
 "Hey. Sorry it took so long for me to get back."
 
 "Are you going to be okay, Nanami?" Makoto asked.
 
 "I think so...just tired...didn't have to properly patch myself up...had to 
give you guys word." Nanami said as she tried to keep her eyes open and failing. 
"Before it's too late."
 
 "What Nanami?" Fuji asked as she faded out again.
 
 "Nahto has the key.."
 
 "Nanami!" Makoto yelled as he shook her.
 
 "Go easy boy, the doctor's said she would be fine. It's just that she ran 
herself ragged and lost a lot of blood. Give her some time and she will be 
fine."
 
 "We have bigger concerns at this moment." Rune said quietly as she stood, "
 if Nanami is to be believed, Nahto has the Great Key."
 ----
 Ayeka reached for the doorknob only to feel a hand brush by her own. "You," She 
snapped. "What are you doing here?"
 
 :To be with Tenchi. He's probably too exhausted for what your planning.....: 
Ryoko crossed her arms and leaned up against the wall. Ayeka glared at her. 
Despite the bond they now shared, the centuries of bad blood still left a taint 
upon the two of them. "Get out of my head," The princess demanded her cheeks 
burning a bright crimson. The pirate simply shrugged.

"As you wish." Ayeka shook with fury at the sarcasm. She responded by 
lifting her chin. "Hmmmph, Well, I have no idea what your talking about. My 
thoughts are not as base as yours" Ryoko narrowed her eyes.
 
 "Really?" Ryoko asked unconvinced. A mischievous look passed through her eyes 
sending a shiver through Ayeka's spine. She stalked forward like a jaguar eyeing 
her prey. The pirate's finger tips left a trail of fire and ice across her cheek 
as she brushed away stray hair from her eyes. Ayeka felt her mouth run dry and 
couldn't remove her gaze from the amber eyes and bared teeth.
 
:Ecchi, princess.....Tenchi's heart would stop, twice.: Ayeka stepped back 
catching her breath. 
 
"Ryoko...ummm..errrr, you wish to see Tenchi alone?" The princess said 
staring at the floor her. 
 
 "I take it, it is the same for you. We have to decide who goes first you know." 
A long silence followed. 
 
 "Flip a coin?"
 
 *******
 
 
 "Huh, what?" Tenchi murmured squinting his eyes. "Dark already?" He said to 
himself. -Last thing I remember is coming in here to shower. Must've fallen 
asleep. He looked around some as he sat up on the bed. The covers lay rumpled 
but still the bed was made. A slight creaking of the door caught his attention. 
His voice was caught in his throat. The moonlight caught her eyes in such away 
it took her breath away. 
 
 "I'm sorry, I did not wish to wake you." The figure turned away reaching for 
the door. He rubbed his eyes and reached towards the lamp.
 
 "No, don't, I was about to get up anyways." The shyness was back in her eyes. 
He sighed remembering the day he showed her around his house. A sigh expressing 
more love that could ever be spoken left her lips. She crossed the distance with 
an almost urgency. 
 
 "Ayeka, is anything...." She knelt to him her lips pressing against his almost 
fearfully.
 
 :Don't speak, please.: Tenchi responded by kissing her back.Without realising 
it,Ayeka had pushed him back to the bed,kissing him as hard as possible.It was 
some time before they broke the kiss.

"Ayeka,I'm sorry,I...can't.I've never done this before and...I'm just not ready 
yet.Not at a time like this,"Tenchi spoke sorrowfully as he look into her 
eyes."I know that we've gone through the great bonding together with Ryoko but 
still...."

"Shhh.I know that.I'm just here only to keep you company.Anyway,before Ryoko 
gets her turn,I want you just to myself.So please,just hold me like you did that 
night."Nodding his head,Tenchi wrapped his arms behind her as before as she lay 
on his chest.Taking comfort in the presence of each other,both of them were soon 
fast asleep.     
  
**********

Outside, hidden by the dark sky, Ryoko sat staring at the moon remembering her 
days among the stars. Tears streamed down her face as 
she felt the peace radiating from the couple.Never had she known that feeling 
could be shared in such a way that she took great joy in it.She smiled as she 
felt again the comfort,the release of all worries and the joy that was shared by 
just being together.-"Tenchi,Ayeka.....enjoy it while we still can.-"she thought 
to herself.She blushed as she thought what she will do when her turn comes.    
 
 ********
 
Tenchi unwound himself from Ayeka's arms. A pang of regret passed through him. 
It was so tempting to bathe in the warmth of touch once more and let sleep 
overtake him.
 
 "Tenchi?" Ayeka whispered half asleep. He bent over her brushing the sweat 
soaked hair from her brow.
 
"I won't leave you," he whispered leaving a kiss on her forehead. Relieved, the 
princess rolled over into a deeper sleep. Carefully, he straightened his clothes 
and exited the room as quietly as possible. 
 
The sheer size and emptiness of the palace halls seemed to reflect his own 
feelings. -Why after all that has happened do I feel worse than they were when 
they constantly fault all those months?- The chill of the air and the ringing of 
the word betrayal dug into the pit of his stomach. :Ryoko?: he sent mentally. 
There was no reply. A stab of guilt followed. -She must be blocking me out.- 
 
 Accompanied by the sounds of his footsteps, he walk in search of Ryoko.
 
 *******
 
 The single candle illuminated the massive library. Despite all the knowledge 
 stored within it, nothing helped him find a way to Ifurita. Even with the 
 possibility of the Key and its connection with the Eye, he had never felt 
 farther from his love. -Ifurita...each time I am so close, I am beaten down 
 when my hope rises.- Makoto shook himself free of the dark thoughts 
 remembering the words of her wraith.
 
 He focused his attention once more on the tattered scroll before him. The 
 completed portions of the translations were off to one side. It was a 
 chronicle of the 'Great War'. The same war were the rapid pace of the war 
 effort pushed technology forward at amazing and horrifying paces. Weapons 
 that made killng an industry sprung forward, The Eye of God and Ifurita were 
 the crown jewels of war technology.
 
 Though the information was mostly useless, a horrifying curiosity told him 
 to read forward. 
 
 The war was over nothing. Not land, not money, nor food...it was over the 
 petty politics and political ambitions of nobles. The warriors honorbound to 
 serve followed their orders unquestionably. It was their place to serve not 
 to make policy. And, they fought and died for years. Whole nations were 
 crushed and millions of families were shattered. 
 
 After years one alliance of nations finally 'won'. Then one general, Kaizen,
 who lost his sons in the war went mad and fired the ,'weapon that won the 
 war' , The Eye of God, upon the nations of the alliance and a whole 
 generation of youth disappeared in its ebon flames. 
 
 Those who entered the Eye of God found a prophecy written in Kaizen's blood.
 
 "Damn, this one stanza." The sound of footsteps caught his attention. -
 Probably Rune telling me to sleep.- He saw Tenchi glance into the library. 
 Tenchi jumped startled to see another soul at this time of night.
 
 "Have you seen Ryoko?" Tenchi asked. Makoto shook his head. Out of 
 curiosity, the Jurian prince approached the table. "Whatcha working on." He 
 saw Makoto's features darken rapidly.
 
 "Translating old chronicles. Trying to find some way to find Ifurita. I 
 promised her..." He nodded in understanding. "Ya know... studying hard like 
 always." Tenchi remembered the days when school was their chief concern.
 
 "It seems so long ago."
 
 "It was, is, and always will be..." Abruptly, Tenchi pulled up a chair. He 
prayed that Ryoko would understand his delay in looking for her. A surprised 
look crossed his friends face.
 
"It's like when we were little Makoto, we each complimented the other." 
Tenchi said as he pulled out the notes that his friend had done, scanning 
through them as he went over the original text. "This is not the same, but 
there enough elements to the Jurai royal tongue to be understood.. you got most 
of this right, but this one part.."
 
 "It makes no sense to me."
 
 "The Shadowed soul.." Tenchi read, as the Deja Vu struck. "shadowed soul...,"
 he repeated to himself. He blinked. :The sun was eclipsed above. Looking 
 up, the shadow fell like a wave towards her washing upon her form.:
 
 "Makoto..I gotta go find, Ryoko," He found himself saying as the sudden 
 urgency soaked him to the core. Makoto followed with his eyes as he swiftly 
 left then turned his attention back to his notes.
 
 
Kaizen thrust his fist towards the heavens damning them for the
loss of his sons in the great war. His tears soaked the Eye, AND IT FELTHIS 
GRIEF. He cursed the generals who gloated triumphantly amist the pain and loss 
of his children. He wished them to feel his pain. He cast a blood vow. Blood 
soaked the Eye. AND IT FELT HIS RAGE. The Eye of God descended from it's resting 
place and bestowed it's wrathful gaze over the victorious and prideful nations 
bathing them in its ebony fires as it had done to its enemies. The lifeblood was 
cast away as was its swords leaving a hollow shell in its wake. 
 
 Realizing his sins, Lord Kaizen threw his heart into the ebon flames and
 his eyes were opened: Twas punishment brought down and savior, for their
 lifeblood shall survive the coming storm. A generation would be lost for
 eternity, not one clan would be spared this loss.... 
 
 ...and Lord Kaizen thrust himself into the ebon flames leaving only his 
 dying vow: Only when the Eye casts its vision upon the shadowed soul, 
 shall the rebirth begin....
 
 "Shadowed soul," Makoto repeated. The sins of the past surged to his memory.
 
 ----
 
 The dream, again. It haunted her once more. Kagato cupped her throat 
 rubbing her cheeks. His laughter filled the room as the slap echoed. -No not 
again...- Kagato rose drawing a thin blade drawing it across her skin. She 
couldn't scream, couldn't cry. A thin line of blood dripped down her face. The 
look of fascination crossed the torturers face as the wound healed before his 
eyes. She cried out mentally as he chose another place to cut.
 
Then it was gone. :Tenchi?: Ryoko looked around desperately as the humming 
increased. It was like the screams of the dead piercing the sky. She looked up 
seeing ebon flames surging forward. "NO!!!" She turned towards to see a figure 
running towards her daring the flames to consume him.
 
 Tenchi saw her curled up on the grass by the palace walls. He reached to wake 
her only to have her snap up rolling away from him. Fear and animal desperation 
glared in her eyes. She was like an animal backed into a corner. He could feel 
the irrational fear, driven rage course through their link. :Ryoko, its me...: 
Tenchi groaned as the nightmarish images of the dreams struck him like waves. 
The pictures fled from his mind as soon as they came.
 
 "What was that?" He moaned finding himself cradled in Ryoko's arms. 
 
 "A nightmare a very old nightmare," she whispered sadly running her hand 
through his hair.

"You've had it before?" He couldn't help but feel almost foolish asking. The 
pirate nodded looking away almost as in shame. He felt her shift uncomfortably.
 
 ::Kagato cupped her throat rubbing her cheeks.....::
 
 He hugged her, and kissed her neck gently as he rocked her. ::It's in the past, 
Ryoko, let it go. He doesn't have any power over you now. Remember.:: New images 
rushed over her.
 
 :: Tenchi holding a blade of pure light, as Kagato turned to face him. Then his 
form disperse from the sword's cut.::
 
 "I love you Tenchi." Ryoko said as she slid back into sleep, exhausted by her 
fears and stress.
 
"I know Ryoko." He said as he held her sleeping form.
 
:The sun was eclipsed above. Looking up, the shadow fell like a wave 
towards her washing upon her form.: 
 ----
 
 Watch commander Jessic suppressed a yawn as he scanned the open field around 
him. The Stairway to the Sky stood behind him. Hovering above lay the Eye of 
God. Ever since the Phantoms easily took the stairway only six months before, 
the Royalty decried that it would be more heavily guarded.
 
 He glanced towards the East. The sun would be up in a couple hours.....
 
 *chie-chnk* *chie-chnk* 
 
 "We're under attack!" He shouted recognizing the sound instantly. Two of 
 his sentries slumped to the ground as cross-bow bolts struck them between the 
 eyes. Reacting instantly, the guards fell back by ranks towards the entrance 
 of the structure unleashing a thick spray of gunfire. Once all of them were 
 in the only doorway in, the phantoms would have no choice but to attack head 
 on into them. 
 
 A phantom fell, then another, caught in the storm of bullets. "Terrily, 
 send the runners! Get reinforcem...."
 Watch commander Jessic's words were cut off as  grenades exploded all 
 around him and his men. The last thing he saw before the darkness was his 
 troops screaming in agony. The last thing he thought before the coming 
 darkness was of his failure.
 
 ------
 
 Miz slowly awoke to hear voices coming before behind the door to her 
 chambers. Weariness crept towards her mind. Moaning softly, she rolled over 
 trying to go back to sleep.
 
 "Four hours and the phantoms are still holding?"
 
 "...must be....secure...first...Nahato...key..."
 
 All traces of weariness vanished from her body. She rose just as the doors 
 opened. Afura and Sheyla entered false smiles on their faces.
 
 "Hey, look who's up."
 
 "Bugs can't keep old you down...." Their words died seeing the look on Miz'
 s face.
 
 "How bad is it?" She asked.
 
 "Real bad, the phantoms have taken the Stairway. The army has been trying 
 to dislodge them, but the main force is still on the borders and the miltias 
 securing the cities," Afura confessed.
 
 "Small unit stuff has been going on for four hours, mainly Royal Guardsmen 
 and Varic's personal cadre...it doesn't look good for them. The council 
 thinks this is a feint for an invasion and Rune can't get more troops..."
 
 Miz nodded. "When are you two leaving with the others?"
 
 "Ten minutes. We came by to say good-bye," Sheyla said with a wry smile, "
 it was Afura's idea to try to trick you."
 
 "Don't say it," Miz said abruptly, "No good-byes. You two are coming back 
 even if I have to drag this whole bed onto the battlefield."
 
 The two others could only smile, "We're sisters-in-spirit, nothing is going 
 to drag us apart."
 
 ----------
 
 Rune looked over the assembled group. It seemed like years had passed since 
 they first arrived on El-Hazard. First, Makoto and his school friends, then 
 the Jurians.....She wondered when visitors would not signal tragedy for her 
 world.
 
 "As you know, the phantoms have pushed back our troops to the outer 
 perimeter of the Stairway. It is clear that it must be taken back before 
 Nahato can arrive with the Key. The guardsmen are too fatigued to join you 
 in the battle, and the council still refuses to send reinforcements."
 
 The solemn looks softened for a moment when Ryoko spoke up, "Don't worry 
 your highness, they'd just get in the way anyhow."
 
 Rune smiled softly, "Yes, i would think they would....I wish you all good 
 luck. Your escort transports will arrive in ten minutes..." The others 
 nodded knowing what lay ahead.
 
 ------------
The dull whine of the skimmer's engine filled the atmosphere.... 


Ura thrashed about in his hands, complaining loudly as he handed her to Alliele.

"Ura Go Too!!! Protect Makoto!" She cried piteously as Alliele wrapped both 
hands around the big cat.

"Ura, I need you to keep an eye on Alliele for me. She is still hurt from the 
fight with Nahato and needs to be protected." The cat stopped fighting for a 
second, and looked at him closely. He leaned forward and whispered in the small 
girl's ear. "Could you take care of her for me? Just don't feed her too much, 
I'm afraid that I have spoiled her and she's getting a little fat." The cat's 
sharp ears picked up the last few words.

"Ura not fat, Ura strong!!" She protested. Makoto smiled and ruffled the cat's 
mohawk before turning and walking to the door. He turned and looked at them 
again.

"Goodbye Alliele and Ura." The he was gone to join the others as they got ready 
to move out. Ura looked at Alliele.

"Alliele Ura's new owner?" The cat asked quietly.

"No Ura, I'm just taking care of you till Makoto gets back."

"Makoto not come back, Ura knows." The cat said with an air of sad certainy. 
Alliele looked down at the cat in her arms, and didn't doubt the words.

"How do you know that Ura?"

"Makoto say goodbye when he leave. Makoto never say goodbye before, always know 
returning. Makoto know not returning." replied the cat sadly, she looked up at 
Alliele before continuing, "Ura will miss Makoto. Never forget Makoto."

Alliele watched as the two teams leave for their respective areas.

"Goodbye Makoto, please come back to us."

 ------------
 
Rune watched the transports leave. She was alone once more. The winds 
swept the balcony chilling her to the bone. She let go; tears were shed 
unashamedly as the emotions of the past three days welled up inside of her.
 
 "You've accepted that some would not come back."
 
"Yes, Harbringer," Rune whispered to the figure that had silently appeared 
behind her.
 
"Very well, it shall make the transition easier upon you."
 
"Transition?"
 
 "It's time to heal the lands child... time for a true and lasting peace to be 
made. But life must spring from death as must death spring from life."
 
"You're talking about sacrificing lives" Rune said in shock.
 
 "No, I am saying that you must accept that others will die in the hope that you 
will do the right thing..."
 
Rune wiped away her tear stained face only to see Harbinger fade once 
more from sight.
 -------
"I can't fail now!" Jinnai said through gritted teeth as he pulled on his hair. 
-Too many enemies and too little material and troops to meet them with. I have 
to regain control of the situation or I will never regain favor with Deva. - 
Without her, he knew that his plans for the eventual conquest of El Hazard were 
doomed to failure.

"And I have to find a way to pay back Nahto." He still seethed at the ease with 
which the phantom boy had stolen the Key. It was a move worthy of him. He had 
seriously underestimated the boy. He heard a slight sigh of wind and turned 
around, his bodyguard turning with him. A tall woman, wrapped in shadows, 
stepped into the circle of light around his planning table. "Who the hell are 
you?"

"I go by many names, Katsuhiko Jinnai. To the Rostarians I am Harbinger, the 
Jurai call me the Great Guardian, the Bugrom merely acknowledge my power, and 
the phantoms tell the tale of how I ended the Great War in a single day and 
guided them to the warrens that are their homeland. You have a destiny Jinnai, 
are you ready to face it?"

"Of course," he replied automatically, "I know what I am destined for!" 
Harbinger smiled wryly.

"Are you so sure of yourself? Are you ready to face your greatest enemy with 
only this solitary bugrom warrior?" She spread her arms out and the lights 
dimmed, Jinnai lurched forward as a bout of vertigo washed over him.

When he looked up, he was no longer in his war room but on the familiar surface 
of the Eye of God. Harbinger's voice whispered in his ear as if from a great 
distance.

"Prepare yourself Jinnai. Makoto is coming." Jinnai smiled as the picture of his 
hated foe dead at his hands came to mind. It was a good picture.
-------
The skies seemed to blacken as the Eye of God moved lower to the surface. The 
occasional bolt of lightning would streak from the sky, dancing around the 
artificial moon. Feelings of dread seemed to permeate the air around them all.

"No matter how many times, I see it, the fear never goes away." Makoto muttered 
as all the others eyed the moonlet nervously. Each person in the group agreed 
silently.

No words were spoken, just a common consensus. Afura reached out and Sheyla 
gently touched Makoto on the shoulder. It was time. He met Tenchi's gaze and 
nodded, then stepped into Sheyla's and Afura's waiting arms. Afura closed her 
eyes and reached into the sky with her mind, lifting the threesome high into the 
sky. Seconds later, they were gone from sight swallowed by the clouds below the 
Eye of God.

"Never had a chance to say good luck." Ayeka said and turned to Tenchi, "What 
was that look that he gave you?" Tenchi looked up into the sky long seconds 
before answering, saddened by the relazation of what Makoto planned.

"Makoto was saying goodbye." Ayeka's next question was cut off by an impatient 
Ryoko.

"Come on, the Key is waiting." She led the way to entrance to the Stairway to 
the Sky. 

---
-Just a little further, can't fail now. Too much depends on us, on me, now.- The 
pain and fatigue seemed to be tearing away her willpower, but Afura Mann pushed 
on. She tried to ignore her wounds, the burning of her old scars, and the 
exhaustion that came from days of nonstop conflict. It was so hard. Her lungs 
burned, and it felt like Sheyla and Makoto's weight would tear her arms from 
their sockets.

The impact of landing brought new, but welcome, pain. She collapsed in a heaving 
heap of pain on the ground. Happy to finally finished her part.

"You did it Afura, we'll be in place soon." Sheyla crowed, and knelt by her 
friend, "rest up while Makoto and I find the access hatch. We won't be long, I 
promise. Makoto, come on the hatch is this way." Sheyla dashed off with Makoto 
in pursuit.

Afura nodded drunkenly as the two ran to the access hatch, it was a struggle to 
stay awake. She leaned against a pylon and all but passed out in utter 
exhuastion.
---
Makoto eyed the deep chasm in front of him, going over his directions in his 
mind. -Now, comes the hard part.-

"Sheyla, once we reach the bottom, I want you to go back to the surface and 
leave with Afura." Sheyla's head snapped around at that. She took one look at 
Makoto, and knew what he planned.

"You're going to destroy the Eye." Makoto couldn't meet her eyes, the pain in 
her voice was already too much.

"Yes, I'm going to direct the blast inward. The Eye is too dangerous to be 
allowed to function. Too many ways to control it have appeared. The Key, .. Me, 
and who knows what else. It must be destroyed." Sheyla couldn't conceive of it, 
how could you destroy something as big and powerful as the Eye? 

"How?" 

"I have an idea, if Nahto manages to build the Eye to the critical levels that I 
think he will, I will redirect the blast into the core. Instead of being 
directed outward, the blast will be channeled back in upon itself. The Eye of 
God will be banished across time and space, never to threaten El Hazard again." 
Makoto seemed resolved in his fate, Sheyla wanted to scream, weep, slap him. 
Something to make him see that this was a foolish idea, but she couldn't. His 
logic, as always, was sound. "The fear will end tonight, the Eye of God won't 
threaten El Hazard again."

"But you'll be..."

"Banished with it, lost forever in time and space. Yeah," he swallowed nervously 
and looked away, "I know. My punishment for all the dealth that I have brought 
about. It's a price that I will have to pay." Sheyla grabbed him, unsure of what 
she was going to do next. 

"I won't let you throw your life away!" She looked at him, the tears distorting 
his image. "What about Tenchi and the others, you promised to send the home. 
What about Ifurita?" It was terrifying to see that much pain and guilt on 
Makoto's face.

"Tenchi is certain that Washuu will find them sooner or later, and from what 
they told me of her, I have no doubt that he is right. As for Ifurita," He 
looked Sheyla with regretful look, "ask Washuu to save her. Then tell her, I'm 
sorry. It just wasn't meant to be." Sheyla couldn't stand it anymore, she 
tightened her grip and started to pull him from the edge.

"I won't let you do this." Makoto looked at her sadly and she let him go. She 
brought her hand to his face. The next she knew they were kissing. She pulled 
away from the embrace reluctantly. -God, he is so easy to love.- She let go of 
him and stepped back. "You don't know how much I wish that things could have 
been different." She pulled off one of her wrist guards, and handed it to him. 
"Legends say that each gem holds a piece of the preistess' soul in them." She 
wrapped the guard around his wrist. "Remember us, and come home as soon as you 
can." 

She stepped back, her heart pounding so hard that she thought it would burst. 
Makoto looked at the gemstone, and then her. The pain and guilt were still 
there, but now he had a determined look in his eye that she knew. He would do 
everything in his power to return to El Hazard now, she knew it. She pulled the 
cord on her amp pack and looked back at him.

"Ready to get this game on the road?" Her latest trick was why she had come 
along. Generating a pillow of hot air to break their fall.

"My words exactly!!" A voice shouted . The bugrom landed between them and then 
instantly tackled Sheyla. Her scream reverberated down the shaft as the two 
dropped down the shaft to the center of the Eye.

"Sheyla!!!" Makoto ran to the edge, nothing remained to show that she had been 
there. -Another body to lay at my feet- He said silently. 

"Well, well, well. Looks like it is just you and I, Makoto Misuhara." The voice 
cackled, and a chill ran down Makoto's spine. He turned to find Jinnai standing 
before him. -Enough of this madness. This ends here and now.-

"A final fight to the death, something out of a movie, eh Jinnia?" He asked as 
he pulled off his jacket, Jinnai did the same. The wind instantly picked up the 
jackets and pulled them over the edge. He set Ifurita's Staff Key down and move 
towards his rival.

"Isn't it though? A far off world. Demons and monsters. Heroes and Villans. A 
broken heart and undying love. Or is it? I saw that scene with the red-haired 
firebrand. Ah well, a shame about her." Makoto's fists clenched and unclenched, 
sudden rage welling up in him.

"It ends now, Jinnai!!! No one else dies for your madness!!!!"  He leapt for the 
other boy.

The fight that followed was brutal. Neither had competed in any martial art, or 
even fought much. Makoto lashed out with a savage combination that set Jinnai on 
his heels. A trickle of blood dripped down Jinnai's chin. Makoto ran forward 
than fell into a sliding tackle. A loud crack was heard from Jinnai's impact 
with the ground.

"I was never your enemy, It was all in your mind. You were my friend!" He 
slammed a kick into Jinnai's face and pushed himself up.

"FRIENDS!!! You must think I am fool Makoto. You mocked me at every turn. You 
were the popular one. The smart one. The Athlete. You were always there, doing 
things better than me. And being so damn modest about it." Jinnai spat up a 
globlet of blood.

"It's your own fault, Katsuhiko. It is not my fault that you let jealousy eat 
you up and make you bitter." Makoto chuckled and clenched his fists.

"Bitter... It's more than that. I despise you. I will let vultures feed on your 
bloated corpse." Jinnai staggered a little from the combined weight of his 
injuries. He withdrew a sharp thorn-like object from his shirt and lashed out 
with it. The very tip nicked Makoto's arm, his dodge failing by inches to avoid 
the impromptu dagger. "You had top marks in Biology, doesn't take a genius to 
figure that this is a poison stinger does it?"

Makoto fell to the ground, searing pain flashing through his entire body. It 
seemed like every nerve ending in his body was on fire. The agony was horrible. 
Then there was the inhuman scream that filled his ears, it took him a second to 
realize that it was his own voice. Then the pain started to receded. Slowly, but 
it was fading.

"Too bad it only lasts for 10 seconds or so," Jinnai shrugged, as he lashed out 
with a quick kick to his ribs. "One! Two!! Three!!!" Makoto rolled onto his 
back, more from the impact of the kicks than any action on his part. A heel 
slammed down on his hand, crushing the bones underneath with a sudden violence. 
"Tables turn Makoto. Hm.... when I'm through with you, you're going to look like 
a red smear. Wow! Just like poor Sheyla when she finally hits botton any minute 
now."

"You... haven't... won yet.." Jinnai nodded and stomped onto Makoto's stomach. 
Makoto doubled over in pain. Sighing, Jinnai jammed the stinger into his belt 
loop and picked up the staff key and brought it up in a swing. 

"Ironic, isn't it? You are about to be killed by the only thing you have left of 
your eternal love." The staff's axe-like head arched and Makoto barely managed 
to move his head out of the way. Bones in his shoulder crunched under the 
impact.

-Ifurita!!!- Makoto silently screamed as he tried to crawl away. Deep within 
him, he could feel the energies of the Eye reaching that critical level. -It 
can't end like this.-

"Ah, going somewhere Makoto?" The staff rose once more. "Time to die!"

"Never!!" Afura landed on the platform, hurling winds forward. The staff was 
torn from Jinnai's grip. He didn't try to recover it, instead rushing forward to 
slam a shoulder into the battered preistess. She staggered backwards and slipped 
over the edge of the chasm, vanishing with a scream. Jinnai turned back and 
walked towards the staff key.

"Maybe, I'll just roll your body over the edge. That way you can join your 
friends down there." Something clanked onto the ground in front of Makoto. 
Jinnai spun around, trying to find where it had come from. "Now What!!!!"

Makoto fought to keep his eyes open as what it was registered on him. -Thank 
you- He leapt forward and grabbed it, pulling the activation unit onto his hand. 
Awareness blossomed as he reached for the activation cord, tripping 
microswitches and linking the unit with the amplifier crystal on his wrist. He 
screamed in agony as the bones of his broken hand rubbed together. A fire leapt 
into existance on his intact hand.

"Jinnai!! It's over!!" Makoto yelled. -Please don't make me do this Jinnai.-

"Never! It isn't over till I say it is!!" Jinnai rushed forward, pulling the 
stinger from his belt loop brandishing it like a knife.

"Burn!"-Damn you Jinnai- Makoto pointed and with a thought the other boy was 
enveloped in flames. The scream were thankfully brief, though Makoto knew that 
he hear it for the rest of his life. He watched Jinnai leap from the edge, 
dropping from the Eye like a shooting star. 
-Damn you, Jinnai, it didn't have to end this way.- He repeated as he squeezed 
his eyes shut to slow the tears.

----
Afura pulled herself over the lip of the shaft. Sheyla reached over to help her 
up. Makoto lay nearby, looking a little rocky from his injuries.

"What about the bug?" Afura asked. Sheyla smiled and brushed a piece of shell 
off her shoulder idly. She turned to face Makoto "Makoto, need a lift down to 
the core?" He looked up with a haunted look in his eye, tears a scant second 
away, as he looked beyond them to within the Eye's inner workings.

"Too late..." he whispered, and the rest of his words were washed away in the 
scream of air and light that heralded the Eye's firing.

The silence that followed left them alone with their unspoken prayers for the 
ones below.

------
The threesome hit the grove pathway to the eye at a full run, powered up and 
ready to face their unseen foes.  Ryoko lashed out with a twin blast that glided 
down the path in a straight line towards the Stairway. The explosion as they 
impacted a body scattered dozens of suddenly visible Phantoms.

Ayeka slammed out a bolt to one side as bullets bounced off her barrier sheild, 
and scattered more of their foes. -It's like fighting that earth creature I read 
about, the hydra, cut off one head and two appear to replace it.-

"Yeah, but these monsters don't require that much flame to snuff out," Ryoko 
said as she blasted one that was about to stab her in the side. "Still, it might 
be a good idea to watch your sides a little better, okay Ayeka?" She said with a 
half smile, half smirk. Ayeka returned the fair natured snipe with a mental 
rasberry, that set Ryoko laughing as she took higher to the air.

-Nag, nag.. I thought I was the cautious one,- she replied through her bond as 
she expanded the shield around herself to full extension, sending more phantoms 
flying as it expanded over 10 feet in less than a second. -See? I can take care 
of myself.-

-Don't get cocky...- Ryoko reminded her as she swooped down and lashed out with 
another blast. 

-Would you two please concentrate on the matter at hand?- Tenchi called as he 
slammed a fist onto the ground, creating a shockwave with his force blast that 
sent everyone but the threesome flying. 

"We don't exactly have a lot of time, remember?" he said as he stepped into the 
doorway to the skylift. Ayeka and Ryoko joined him quickly, and they were 
whisked high into the tower. To confront the one being on El Hazard with the 
power of life and death. Nahto. Tenchi looked at the two women that he was with, 
the two loves of his life, and swallowed nervously before continuing. "Let me 
confront him, I have the bond with the Key to my advantage. You two standby in 
case he brought along any surprises."

Any reply the two had were cut off by their arrival at the summit of the 
Stairway.  They stepped out of the transport disc and look around nervously. The 
vast amount of machinery that they had been led to believe awaited them. Ryoko 
stepped up to the edge and Ayeka circled nervously around the center. No one 
else was there. Ryoko yelled over the thunder and lightning that warred 
overhead.

"What is going on? I thought that he was supposed to be up here with some type 
of army? Not to mention a ton of machinery."

-That's right, Makoto said that they left a lot of machinery when they tried to 
use Fatora to fire the Eye last time.- Ayeka added silently through their bond.

"I don't know, I can feel the Key is nearby...." the rest of his reply was cut 
off by the wet crunch of a knife cutting deep into his flesh. He spun away from 
his attacker, Nahto, and staggered to the ground as the strenght flowed out of 
him through the wound in his side.

"Tenchi." screamed the two women at the same moment. Nahto stepped back to the 
center of the Stairway and brought a bloody hand up holding the Key.

"The blood of Kaizen will open the way!" He yelled exulting in the power that 
flowed through the key to him. A shield snapped up a second before Ryoko and 
Ayeka could make contact with him, and both of the were knocked backwards from 
the impact. Nahto sneered at the three heroes as the wind picked up. Overhead, 
the Eye started to glow ominously. The very air held an electric charge it 
seemed as the Eye built to a critical level.

"You didn't think that I would just walk away and let you 'live happily ever 
after'? You all must pay for Gallus' death!" The key glowed in his hands and 
instantly the wind doubled in intensity again. "I will leave all of El Hazard in 
ruins!"

Ryoko looked at the small boy, and then back at Tenchi. He lay on the ground 
with Ayeka holding his wound. The princess looked up at Ryoko and for an instant 
their eyes met. In that instant, understanding blossomed between them. Aeyaka 
tightened her grip on Tenchi as Ryoko turned to face the madman.

The shield around the Phantom triber flared and doubled in intensity as she 
walked towards him. -Purity of purpose- she reminded herself as the shock of 
teleporting through the shield hit her. Images of the world that she had come to 
rushed through her mind, the orderly cities of the Bugrom, the wild savage 
forests and mountains, the cities of El Hazard teeming with life and hope. 
Behind her, she could hear Tenchi's desperate cries to her, and deep within her 
they were echoed by Ayeka's as well. She closed the bond with a snap, before 
their pleas made her pause at a critical moment.

Nahato's triumphant grin vanished as she glided up and wrapped her hand around 
his. She looked back towards Tenchi and the others. -Oh Tenchi, I love you so 
much.- , then she looked back towards Nahto and grinned savagely, -that is why I 
have to do this.-

"See you in hell!" Overhead the Eye of God glowed and deep within the it some 
element tettered on the edge of  critical mass. Her grip on the Key and Nahto's 
hand tightened. There was a mental click as she linked with the key, and the 
Eye's gaze wavered from Nahto's targets to the two of them. 

:Ryoko! Can you here me?: Washu's voice came through the heretofore silent link 
between them. Ryoko could feel her mother's concern and fear, and was saddened 
by what was to come as she replied.

-I can hear you Washu, .. Mother.. I'm sorry that it has to end this way, but 
remember this. I .. Love you mother...always.- The Eye lashed out a blast of 
energy to the center of the Stairway.-Always, remember that...- Then darkeness 
absolute, enveloped her and she fell into it.

Tenchi pushed himself up, blinded by the Eye's strike and nearly deafened as 
well. The key had landed in the small crater that remained behind. Weaving 
unsteadily, till Ayeka rushed to his support, he walked to the spot where the 
two warriors had fought. 

It was a twisted spot, the key hissed fitfully yet untouched by the Eye's fury 
in the light rain that fell. All that remained of the two warriors was the Key.

"Ryoko, why?WHY?!Damn you!Why.....?"Tenchi cried out as tears streaked down his 
face.The key blittering in the light distracted him. As he reach out to hold 
it,he suddenly felt lightheaded and then there was nothing but darkness as he 
crumpled to the ground.

-----

Makoto poured himself another cup with some difficulty, it was hard to pour from 
such a big jug with one hand and arm cocooned in bandages and splints. He set 
the jug down with exaggerated care, and downed the strong drink slowly. -Jinnai 
screaming as he lit up like an oiled soaked rag.- Makoto slammed the cup down 
and squeezed his eyes shut, trying to escape the vision in his mind's eye. 

He heard someone take a seat across from him in the booth. He opened his eyes 
and looked up from his cup. Tenchi sat there, his arm bound tightly against the 
massive chest bandage.  Makoto looked at his old friend, understanding bloomed 
between their gazes. -I understand what you meant now.- He thought miserably. -
Power does have a price.-

"How did you find me?" He asked and took another swallow. He looked up as his 
eyes teared.

"I share a link to you, through Ayeka and Ryoko, from the bonding ceremony. You 
can't sense it, but I could find you if I really wanted. I wanted to ask you a 
couple questions. Did you really intend to destroy the Eye of God?"

"Yes. I couldn't allow it to be used again because of me."

"Even at the risk of being banished forever? Of never saving Ifurita?"

"Yes." He said it simply, the passion and drive had left him. He hadn't really 
felt anything since the battle on the Eye of God. Since he had killed Jinnai. -
I'm sorry Ifurita, but the cost to save you is too high. I failed you.-

His thoughts were interrupted by silence from Tenchi. He looked up at his old 
friend, Tenchi held out the Key. Makoto looked at him in shock and disbelief.

"Why?"

"I told you, I needed proof that you would be responsible with it. You have been 
willing to sacrifice your life for everyone, several times in fact. I'm sorry 
Makoto, I misjudged you badly."

Makoto looked at the Key, part of him wanted to take it so badly. -I don't 
deserve it, I don't deserve to be happy.- he told himself as the cup started to 
shake in his hand, -What about Ifurita?- asked another part of him. He shut his 
eyes and Jinnai's scream replayed itself in his mind again. -I'm not worthy,- he 
thought miserably, tears a second away. Tenchi watched the struggle going on 
within Makoto.

"Makoto, you did what had to be done. Don't let the guilt eat you alive. Would 
he have killed again?"

"Yes," Makoto replied, seeing the glee with which Jinnai reveled in Sheyla and 
Afura's apparent demise. "Without a second though."

"Then you did the right thing." Tenchi said without emotion. Makoto looked up at 
him.

"Does the pain ever go away? Do the dreams stop?"

"No, but you will find that if you share the pain with those you love, it 
becomes bearable." Tenchi placed the Key in Makoto's unresisting hand, and 
looked him in the eye, "I give you the Key. Now save Ifurita."

Tenchi's declaration unlocked the blocks in the Key that Makoto couldn't breach. 
Power rose up and washed through him, bring him into contact with the Key. 
Awareness blossomed as the Key and Makoto bonded.

-God, I never realized that it was this powerful...- he told himself as he was 
swept away in the tendrils of power that were linked to the artifact. Reaching 
out, he felt the familar power of the Eye of God and rode the link between the 
Key and it. It took him deep within the Eye, showing paths of power and control 
that had eluded him before. In a flash of light, understanding blossomed and 
something within the Eye clicked. -I can't believe that it was so simple.- He 
thought as he withdrew and broke the link with the Key. He placed the artifact 
on the table, delicately, and looked up at Tenchi with a much lighter heart.

"Are you ready to go home?" He asked his friend, savoring the hope that shone in 
Tenchi's eyes.
-----

Tenchi and the two sisters stood in the center of the Eye, waiting as Makoto 
reached up with his power and linked with the Eye of God. Makoto looked over at 
them, suddenly nervous.

"I'm sorry for what happened, and hope that this will make amends for some of 
what happened." Ayeka smiled and replied for the threesome.

"Makoto, you don't have to apologize." She looked at the figure that appeared on 
the transport disc and called to her, "Fatora, I hope that we will meet again. 
Kinsman." Fatora smiled at that, and Alliele wrapped a hand around her lover's 
waist. Fatora started at the act of affection, but didn't pull away. -There 
might be hope for you yet, cousin.-Ayeka thought. "Makoto, it's time. Send us 
home."

Makoto nodded and pointed to the sky, the Eye glowed bright gold for a moment 
and then a column of light enveloped the threesome. When it had faded to 
bearable levels, they were gone.

Makoto leaned on the staff, and looked at his companions. Fujisawa had a 
protective arm around Miz and Nanami stood alone, proud and unashamed of what 
she was. -It suits you Nanami.-

"Are you two ready to go home?" He asked with a smile. Fujisawa and Nanami 
looked at each other nervously and then at him. Nanami spoke first.

"I'm not leaving Makoto." She said simply. He looked at her in shock, disbelief 
on his face, so she continued with an explanation. "I have to stay and help the 
Phantom Tribe to assimilate back into the rest of El Hazard society." She kissed 
him on the cheek tenderly "I don't blame you for Katsuhiko, Makoto, he brought 
about his own end." Her eyes misted as she ran a delicate hand down the line of 
his jaw, "Sometimes, I wish things had gone differently, but I have a duty now." 
A whistful smile played across her face, an echo of the old Nanami. "I will go 
home eventually, but my place is here for now." Then she was gone in a shimmer, 
with nothing to show that she had ever been there.

"Makoto, I ..want to go home, but till Miz is fit enough..." Makoto nodded as 
his teacher's words died unspoken on his lips. Miz, pale and draw from her 
wounds, smiled at him and Fujisawa wrapped a protective arm around her. "I.. I 
just can't now.."

"I understand teacher." Makoto said. Fujisawa wrapped his arms around him and 
gave him a fierce hug that left Makoto breathless for several seconds.

"Then what are you waiting for boy! Go save the girl and live happily ever 
after."

Makoto nodded and stepped out onto the center of the Stairway, looking up as his 
power reached up to the Eye one more time. The Eye pulsed with life again and 
reached out and covered him in gold. Then he was gone.
----

Tenchi slid the door open gently, favoring his right side. It would be several 
weeks yet before the wound would have healed enough for him to move comfortably. 
Washu didn't move once at the sound of his approach, even as he slid down on the 
porch beside her.

"Washu, I'm sorry..." She patted him gently on the hand without turning to face 
him.

"It's alright Tenchi. She's alive, " Washu placed her hand on her breast as she 
continued, "I would know here if she wasn't, and I will find her again." Washu 
looked at him, and Tenchi could see the tears running down her face. "I will 
find her. At the last moment before the Eye fired, I renewed our connection. Not 
in time to save her, but she was able to say goodbye.....and that she loved me." 
Washu stood and walked to the door, heading back to her lab. "I won't screw this 
up, I can't....."

Then,Tenchi was alone with the stars. Finally he pulled himself up and headed 
inside,Ayeka would be worrying for him if he got in any later.As he walked 
back,memories of Ryoko lingered in the back of his mind.Although she may be 
gone,he could still feel her faint presence somewhere out there. 

---
Washu looked at the massive platform in front of her. It had taken sometime to 
assemble all the components from scratch, but she had done it. -Now all it has 
to do is work the way that I designed it.-

She pulled out a keypad and started typing in commands. Machinery started to hum 
and slowly light started to build to a peak on the platform. Space twisted and 
warped under the massive energies at her command.

Finally the field collapsed in a soundless explosion of light that blew out most 
of the machines involved. Washu looked at the platform with a nervous eye, as 
the smoke cleared from around the platform.

A single form lay on the platform, unmoving. With a heartrending cry, she ran to 
the form and pulled it into her lap. Ryoko was pale and unmoving as Washu 
frantically checked her child's vitals.

"Breath damn you," she pleaded as she massaged the cold limbs and her heart 
threatened to break, "please, BREATH!!!"

Ryoko opened her eyes and looked at her. In that moment Washu thought her heart 
was going to burst.

"Washu... Tenchi and Ayeka?" Washu placed a finger on her lips.

"They're fine, right now you're the one that we need to worry about." Ryoko 
smiled and relaxed as exhaustion claimed her. Washu looked down at her, weary to 
the bone but happier than she had been for quite sometime. She ran a shaky hand 
through Ryoko's hair and whispered to her sleeping child.

"This time, I'll be there for you...."
---

The darkness lifted from her eyes and instantly Ifurita knew where she was. She 
had lived this scene through before, just from the viewpoint of another player 
in this scene. -Finally...- 

She stepped out of the chamber that had been her home, and prison, for so very 
long and collapsed into his arms. He was so young and innocent, yet still 
Makoto. Her beloved Makoto. She whispered the words as he caught her.

"Makoto, at long last we are together. At long last we meet, after 10,000 
years." And he had forgotten her, no, he didn't know her yet, that hurt the 
most. She wished that there was a way to spare him the pain that was to come. 
"Those long endless nights, I've dreamt only of you, my dearest Makoto. Time 
grows short, my powers have grown weak with the passage of years. With my last 
remaining strength, I must send you to El Hazard." Makoto cried out as the power 
built to critical levels around him. -Oh my love, I wish there was another way.-
She thought regretfully, but destiny had to be fulfilled. "Go, and be safe. I 
will carry you in my thoughts and heart until our paths cross again." She 
brought her hands together, focusing and reaching to the small pool of power 
that was within her. The wave of light reached out and washed over the room and 
then the school and beyond.

The ground rushed up to her as the strength washed out of her in a sudden 
stream. She lay on the floor, spent with her efforts and torn with her misery. -
He's gone, and now it begins anew. Destiny has been satified.- She pushed 
herself up and struggled up the stairs, determined not to fall without at least 
the attempt to prolong her fate. She looked around her as she reached the top of 
the stairs.

"The school....." she had forgotten where she had been, but she couldn't avoid 
the presence of him around her. His memories of this place, it was all that she 
had of it, made it impossible not to feel it all around her. The class room, the 
lockers, his desk, she wandered room to room lingering at each place cherishing 
the little bit of Makoto that remained behind. Trying to get that little bit 
more of him that would help her carry on.

As she walked outside, she felt at peace, almost ready to accept what might 
come. Even if it was the darkness again, eternal and unending this time. -I got 
to see him one last time,-she told herself, -that will have to be enough. It has 
to be.-

She leaned against the fence and closed her eyes, running through the memories 
again as the strength drained out of her slowly. -Soon,- she told herself as she 
fought down the weakness. She had sent Makoto back to save herself and El 
Hazard, redeeming herself in the process. It would have to be enough, though in 
her heart she wanted more.

Then the wind shifted, and a familiar scent drifted across to her. She looked 
up, curious. Only to be disappointed with nothing. Her gaze dropped to the 
ground in front of her, drawing warmth from the rising sun. Then the deja vu 
struck her again. She looked up and her heart skipped a beat.

Makoto stood in the middle of the field, garbed in a robe of white and bearing 
her Staff Key. He was older, not in time but in the weight upon his shoulders. 
She watched the weight and despair fall away as his eye met hers. 

She rushed into his arms, the weakness that threatened to consume her moments 
before banished. He wrapped his arms around her and suddenly every thing was 
right in the world. They were together again.

Ayeka placed a hand on Tenchi's shoulder and pulled him away. Tenchi nodded and 
withdrew with his love, this was a moment that was best left unshared. They 
would welcome Makoto and his love home later.


THE END.....For now

Well its over, but series is far from over. As long as one is willing to ride 
the wings of imagination and process an adventurous spirit they'll always be 
another night of stories to tell.Our Muse isn't through with the Tenchi Gang and 
El-Hazard crew.  Expect to see more of them in the near future...(if Kain and I 
keep up this rate the Homecomings series will be completed in 2003 just in time 
for the Star Wars Episode Three Premiere. ) 
