Disclaimer: All characters of "Tenchi Muyo!" are property of Pioneer
AIC/LDC. "Escaflone" is property of Sunrise Entertainment or something
like that. In any case it certainly isn't mine. On with the story!
Nobody sue me! This is an Escaflone and Tenchi Muyo! cross-over.

Esca-Muyo!

Chapter 1: No Need for Mihoshi!

By: Ryoko Masaki and Sarah H. Malerna

    "Run! Run if you want to live!" Vahn yelled at Hitomi as the Dragon
chased her. "Ah! This is scary!!" Someone behind the bushes yelled as
they viewed the scene. "I wanna get outa here!" The voice came again. It
sounded very high and screechy. "Take this! Hiiyyaa!" Vahn cried as his
sword sciced through the dragon. The person from the bushes came
charging out, "I wanna go home!!!" she cried. Vahn then cut out the
dragon's still-beating heart. "AAAAHHH!!!" The mysterious woman yelled
as she tripped and fell flat on her face. Vahn then lifted up his sword
to the heavens as a ray of light came streaming down from the planet
Gea. The stranger, feeling herself being lifted up by the mysterious
light calls out, "Let me go!!!" Hitomi and Vahn don't seem to notice
her, and drift farther away. In the light, we see the stranger is non
other than Mihoshi. The beam starts to follow Vahn and lands them on the
planet Gea. But since Vahn didn't see Mihoshi, she lands somewhere else
on Gea...

    "Huh? What?" Mihoshi mumbled as she rubbed her eyes. She looked
around to find herself on a big red ship of some sort. (Also known as a
Zaiboch) "Oh well. I guess I could have a nap if no one's here." Mihoshi
tells herself as she lies down and starts to drift into a pleasent
sleep. Soon, footsteps are heard coming towards Mihoshi. It's a man, and
he seems to have short, light purple hair...
To Be Continued...

So, how did you like it? Send comments to: ggg@prairie.ca
Part two is comin' soon! ^_~
