Disclaimer:  I don't own these characters.




	He stood there with his arms folded and his cape blowing in a gust of 
air. He starred down at her with a cold calculating look that made her 
shiver. Who was this man to knock her to the ground with a single blow 
and then stand there as if to mock her? He stood over her like a parent 
who just punished a fragile child. That's what he made her feel like, a 
child, a beaten girl who was too afraid to stand up to her abusive 
father. Who was this man to do this to her? Who was he? 
He was Doom.
She saw that now. She saw into his eyes that held no compassion, or 
remorse or any splinter of gentleness. She knew this man for only a 
minute and she already felt a bitter hate for him that she couldn't 
describe. No one did that to her. No one.

Tenchi: " Ryoko! Are you alright?" Tenchi was kneeling beside her with a 
worried look on his face.

Ryoko: "*cough* yeah, I'm fine. He just got lucky. *Cough*" 

Tenchi: "I don't care who you are!" he was talking to Doom now. " You 
can't do this to people! This is my home, and I won't allow you to hurt 
anyone!"

Dr. Doom: " Brave words boy, and spoken true. They are directed to the 
wrong target however, for if you do recall, it was not I who attacked 
her, but the other way around." He unfolded his arms and pointed at the 
fallen Ryoko who was beginning to stand up. "I was not the aggressor in 
that transaction of blows, and I will not instigate battle any further 
as long as you tell me what I want to know! Now, Answer my question!"

	Tenchi thought for a moment remembering his words about someone with 
advanced technology, then stood up and faced the metallic monstrosity 
that was Doom. He prepared to speak.

Ryoko: " Tenchi! You don't have to tell him anything!" she interjected

Tenchi: " Ryoko!" he snapped back." go get Washu, tell her someone's 
here to see her."

Ryoko: " but Tenchi."

Tenchi: " Go! It'll be alright." He softened suddenly and looked her 
straight in the eyes " I promise." 

	Ryoko nodded and teleported away leaving the two men, in an almost 
western stare down.

Dr. Doom: " wise decision boy. I can see that you are not as simple 
minded as you appear."

Tenchi: " Thanks 'Doom' but if you try to hurt anyone again you'll learn 
I have a lot more surprises in me then just that."  Tenchi stood strong 
ready to defend his friends against this menace.

Dr. Doom: " Very protective of your, loved ones perhaps?" Doom paused as 
if inquiring if it where true. "Bah! Foolish sentiments. There is no 
need for your theatrics however, I have come in search for some answers 
and if I get them without dilemma, then I shall depart and you will 
never hear of me again. But if I don't get what I have come for, than 
you shall see the surprises that I hold as well! It is as they say 
'entirely up to you.'"      

	Before Tenchi could counter with his own statement a large window 
popped up in-between them. It was facing Tenchi, and in the window 
formed the face of Washu!

Washu: " Hello Tenchi! I heard you've been having trouble with some 
metal wearing weirdo! So where is he?" the picture in the window 
jokingly looked around.

Dr. Doom was obviously annoyed. He could hear the shrill voice from 
behind the window, but could not see the face because the picture was 
facing Tenchi. Tenchi looked at the window then back and lightly pointed 
towards Doom. The window suddenly twirled around to reveal a young girl 
with an incredible mane of red hair.   

Washu: " so your Doom then? What's the deal huh? Got some kind of beef 
against super cute geniuses or what?" she touched her fingers to her 
cheeks and made the cutest face she could manage.

	Dr. Doom was not amused. He starred at the window in front of him like 
a bad joke.  You could almost see his snarl through his faceplate. After 
the briefest of silences, he walked past the window and stood in front 
of Tenchi and put his face directly before Tenchi's.

Dr. Doom: " Take me to her." he demanded.

	The window zipped beside them unable to get in-between, and Washu was 
about to speak up, probably to say something about not fighting, when 
Doom lifted his gauntleted hand and a brilliant yellow pulse shot out 
from his fingertips and destroyed the window.

Dr. Doom: " I will either find my way there through force or you will 
take me to her. 
Again choices." 

Tenchi: " okay, okay, she stays in my house. You don't have to force 
your way anywhere."

	At first Tenchi wanted nothing more than to take out his sword and 
give this man the beating of his life, but then he remembered what he 
said, about how all he wanted was some answers then he'd leave for good. 
And if there was a chance to settle this without anyone getting hurt 
than that's what Tenchi will try to do. Besides, he thought, if we're in 
Washu's lab we have the advantage. After all she was the greatest 
scientific mind in the universe, no one could be smarter than her. 
Tenchi then led Dr. Doom towards his house.
 
           
````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
``````````````````````


	Washu was not happy, not happy at all. Even after the man blew up her 
com-window she still monitored their movements from a satellite she had 
"barrowed" orbiting the earth. Well she was monitoring Tenchi anyway, 
the other guy she couldn't pick up. The armor he was wearing must be 
some kind of stealth suit she figured. She knew upon his arrival that he 
was technologically powerful and she didn't like the idea of him leading 
around Tenchi, or how he had knocked down Ryoko.  This guy was bad news 
she could tell. But at the same time, she thought as she leaned back in 
her chair, this could be a lot of fun! 

	Ryoko was standing next to Washu. She was furious. She couldn't wait 
for that guy to come down here so she could pummel him. Ayeka was with 
her. She had been told about what happened and was ready to go running 
to Tenchi's aid but Washu insisted that they stay in her laboratory. It 
was Washu's plan that, if this guy decided to fight, they would all be 
together and ready for him. They all stood there watching the dot on 
Washu's monitor representing Tenchi, move towards the house. It was an 
anxious and uneasy wait for the two men to arrive. It was only a couple 
of minutes before they heard the door to the lab to open. Tenchi stepped 
in first giving a concerned look towards Washu; he quickly moved beside 
his friends and stood facing the door. Then came in Doom. His presence 
was known throughout the laboratory. Even the creatures kept in cages 
started to act frantically. It was as though they could feel the evil 
ambience protruding from Dr. Doom. The cloaked man stood there in a 
pompous stance, and looked about the large area, before laying his gaze 
upon Washu.

Dr. Doom: "I presume that you are the self proclaimed genius, that the 
boy had told me of."

Washu: " and I presume that you're the big jerk who's been barking 
orders like you own the place."   

Dr. Doom: " how shrewd," he said mockingly " I have come to speak with 
you, and you alone. If you would be so kind as to excuse your 
'friends'." Doom gestured towards the group. "I have no business with 
them."      
  
	Tenchi was about to refuse and insist on them staying but Washu 
decided to humor this guy. She wasn't afraid of having to fight on her 
own; she was after all, the greatest mind in the universe. 

Washu: "Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, change of plans, you guys go wait in the 
house, it'll make things move a lot faster and maybe we can settle 
this." 

Tenchi nodded. He had faith in Washu and understood why she wanted them 
to go. Tenchi grabbed hold of both the girls' hands and led them out 
into the living room. They didn't protest. As they passed Doom they all 
gave him cruel looks but Doom was oblivious to them. He was focused on 
Washu. The two where starring at each other until Tenchi and the ladies 
were gone. 

Washu: "So, Tin head, what brings you to the neighborhood?"

Dr. Doom: " I was detained from moving to my dimension by some kind of 
force shield. I traced its origins here. Explain yourself." 

Washu was stunned. Why didn't she realize it sooner! This guy is here 
because of the DTD! He must have come wanting her to turn it off. That 
would explain his disposition. 

Washu: " would you believe it was an accident?" Washu said, "I had built 
an emergency force shield but it was defective and the coordinates were 
sporadic. It was mistakenly turned on and must have blocked you. Since 
the machine was malfunctioning, I was forced to destroy it before it 
could cause further damage."

Dr. Doom: " hmm, I see. And how will the shield be removed from my 
path?" Doom asked authoritively    

Washu: " the field should debilitate and disappear on its own. It should 
only take a couple of days for it to go away permanently."

Dr. Doom: " two days then? Very well, I can wait two days." Doom paused 
before continuing  " however, during that time I expect you to 
compensate me for my losses." 

Washu: " What! What do you mean? How so?"

Dr. Doom: " you will permit me to stay here with you and give me access 
to your laboratory."

Washu: " you have got to be kidding."

                              " Dr. Doom does not 'kid'."
        
            

 Author's note- that's the end of chapter two, I hope you like it. Any 
comments, suggestions, or even any flames, you are more than welcome to 
E-mail me. 
