Author: Fenix020202
Email: Fenix020202@Hotmail.com
Title: Xaro's Attack\Chronicles of Fenix#1
Synopsis: Tenchi finds a crashed spaceship. An alien is inside. He helps the
alien. They become friends.

Fenix: I was on the bridge of my ship, The Gananthor Carrier. My crew was
just making sure that everything was alright. But then they attacked. Swarms
of Zerg Mutalisks attacked my ship. "All protoss report to the
Interseptors!" I yelled. Everyone hurried to get to one. Once everyone was
inside we attacked. The sounds of blasters in the air made my hearts pump. "
I must not fall yet!" I said to my self. But just then I was going down.
They gravitational pull of Earth was to strong. I was going to crash.
"AHHHHHHHHH!!!!" I yelled over my intercom.

Tenchi: "Wow, look at this, Dad." I said. "I'm coming!" My dad yelled back
to me. "Hmmmmm, I wonder what that is?" I said to my self. a loud noise.
"What the heck?!?!" I ran over to where I heard the noise. I found a crashed
ship. I opened it. There was an alien inside. I pulled him out. He was
knocked-out. I brought him inside. I saw he had a bad cut on his head. I
bandaged it up. Then I set him on the couch. He eyes where opening.

Fenix: When I woke up, there was an earth boy in front of me. "Entaro Adun,
I am Fenix. Thank you for saving me." "Call me Tenchi. Oh, and your
welcome." Tenchi said. I got up. I walked around. "Your ship is badly
damaged." Tenchi said. "Alas, I may not be able to return to Auir, my home
planet. I said. "If you want, you can stay here. We have room."Tenchi said
to me. "Thank you very much." I replied to Tenchi. "In return, I shall
defend you." "I already can defend myself." Tenchi said. "But I could use
another helper." Tenchi said. "I'll show you your room." Tenchi said. We
went upstairs. "Here you are." he said. The room had two beds. I sat down on
one and then rested my head on it. In just minutes, I was fast asleep. I
heard the door open. I opened my eyes. There was a young earth girl.
"Hello." she said to me. "Entaro Adun." I said. "My name is Ayeka, who are
you?" "My name is Fenix. I am Preator of my war tribe. I said to Ayeka. "I
am the princess of Jurai."she said to me. "My people, The protoss, were
trying to rebuild our home planet, Auir. The only way for me to let them
know i'm here is to activate a homing beacon inside my ship. Alas, the
beacon might be damaged."I said to her. "One of the women that lives with us
also has a homing beacon."Ayeka said. I didn't reply. I got out of bed. I
walked outside to my interceptor. The homing beacon wasn't damaged! "I HAVE
NOT REACHED ADUN'S END YET!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" I yelled. "SHHHHHHHH!!!"
everyone in the house said. I walked back into the house. "What happened?"
Tenchi asked me. "My homing beacon is not damaged." I will be able to send
for protoss to come and get me."I said. "Cool." he said. I walked upstairs.
I started to set it up. "This goes here, that goes there, turn this, turn
that and it's ready!" I yelled again. "SHHHHH!" Everyone said to me again. I
took it outside and placed it on a tree. I walked back to the house and
looked around. I go back to the room where I was sleeping. I put my head on
the pillow and fell asleep, wondering what would happen the next day.

Tenchi: The next morning, Fenix was up bright and early. I heard his
footsteps. I woke up then. I got out of my bed and went downstairs. Fenix
walked out of the door. I started to follow him. He stopped at a tree. I saw
a dummy he made. He turned on these things that where hooked onto his arms.
He attacked it. The hum of is blades was broken when he attacked. He turned
around to see me. "Entaro Tassadar, Tenchi."Fenix said to me, "Hi." I said.
I just walked back to the house. "Hi Tenchi." Ryoko said to me. "Hi." I
replied. I saw Fenix walk in. "Entaro Tassadar, Earth Woman." Fenix said to
Ryoko. "Uhhhh..Hi." Ryoko said to him. He walked away. "Good first
impression, Ryoko." Ayeka said. She walked downstairs. "He is a very
pleasant alien." Ayeka said again. "Like you?" Ryoko said. Ayeka just walked
away. I just started to make breakfast. "Breakfast will be ready soon." I
said.

Fenix: I started to walk around and explore. Just then a small girl walked
down the steps. She was smaller than the others. "Hello." She said to me.
"Entaro Tassadar." I said back. "My name is Sasami. Who are you?" Sasami
asked me. "I am Fenix, Preator of the Fernax Protoss war tribe. She walked
away. She had a strange animal on her head. Just then I heard a loud
screeching noise. I turned on my Warp Blades. A ran out of the house and saw
three Zerglings running around. I attacked the first one. Got him in the
jaw. He fell to the ground. The second one jumped at me. I used my Warp
Blade and jabbed him in the stomach. The third one was heading for Tenchi. I
jumped on it's back and slashed it in the head. It fell to the ground. "Too
easy." I said. "Wow." Everyone there said. "Who want's breakfast?" Tenchi
asked. Everyone there sat down at the table except me. "Are you hungry?"
Ayeka asked. "I don't eat." I said. Everyone there had a puzzled look on
there face. "I don't have a mouth." "Oh, yeah." The blue haired woman said.
I walked out the door.

Tenchi: After breakfast, I went looking for Fenix. I heard a loud noise.
"Fenix is that you?" I asked. Just the a War Mech walked out of the trees.
It shot at me. "AHHHHHHH!!" I screamed. "Tenchi, where are you?!" The girls
asked. "At the willow trees! Hurry!!" I yelled to them I saw the but the
mech had a laser pointed at them "I shall kill you all." The mech said. Just
then the mech fell to the ground. It let me go. "Huh?" I said. The girls
where all over me, asking if I was alright. I saw Fenix with his blade in
the robot's back. He ran off again. I broke free and followed him. "Wait up,
Tenchi!" Ryoko said. Fenix turned around. "Entaro Adun, Tenchi." He said.
"Why are you running away?" I asked him. " I must train." Fenix said. "For
what?" I asked him. "Xaro knows I am here, and he wishes to fight me. I
can't say no." He said. "Why not?" I asked. "If I refuse, he will harm you."
Fenix said. "Kick his butt, Fenix!" Ryoko said. "Yeah!!" all the girls said.
"Thank you for the encouragement." Fenix said. "And if I loose, I shall damn
myself!" Fenix said.

Fenix: Xaro came the next day. "Are you ready, Fenix?" Xaro said to me.
"I've been ready!" I said to him. He drew his Beam Saber. I turned on my
Warp Blades. Xaro slashed at me. I dodged the attack. We started to hack,
slash and stab at each other. He did a back flip over me and slashed my
back. He graced my back. I turned around and attacked. I saw Tenchi draw his
sword. " I also have a partner, Fenix." Xaro said. It was Larkon. One of the
most deadly space pirates in the universe. He drew a beam saber and slashed
at Tenchi. The fought like me and Xaro. Just then I was able to stab Xaro in
the stomach. He fell to the ground. Larkon pushed Tenchi down and sliced
some of his arm. "ARRRGGGG!!" I heard Tenchi scream. I used my elbow and
rammed Larkon. He fell to the ground. Quickly he got back up. I attacked
fiercely. "FOR ADUN!!!!!!!!!!!!" I yelled. I slashed him in the leg. He
attacked back. I blocked the attack. "ADUN IS MY POWER!!!!!!!" I yelled. I
then slashed him in the stomach. He fell to the ground. "Well, Well, Well.
If it isn't the mighty Fenix. Ha! I thought you were dead." Kerrigan then
appeared. "Get him, Torrasque!" Kerrigan yelled. Torrasque attacked me.
"RRRRRRR!!!!!" Torrasque roared at me. "I SHALL NOT FALL!!!!" I yelled.
"XEL'NAGA DID NOT CREATE SUCH A VILE ALIEN, JUST LIKE YOU KERRIGAN!!!!!" I
yelled. "SOME DAY I SHALL SPILL YOUR RECHED BLOOD KERRIGN." I yelled.

Tenchi: By now I could tell that Fenix was very angry. And with that, Fenix
stabbed Torrasque in the head. It fell. "Now for you, Kerrigan." Fenix said.
Kerrigan then ran away. "We will meet again." She said.

    (Ohh, just so you people know, Fenix, Mutalisks, Zerg, Kerrrigan, and
all the Tenchi people are not something I came up with, so please don't
screw me over ^_^.)

________________________________________________________________________
Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at http://www.hotmail.com
