THE FIRST FEMALE SUPER SAIYAN: Part Eleven – Dark day

“I don’t believe it!” Gohan said. “That was a pretty powerful beam.”

“Vageta is going about this the wrong way.” Chakira said. “If he bent his
energy the right way it would have the right effect, Hunter expected this.”

“I think I know what you mean.” Goku said. “When Vageta is worn out…I’ll
take over, and try to do some damage, if not, I’ll let you try, Chakira.”

“Please, I know what a pure heart you have, don’t sacrifice yourself. If you
fight well enough you may earn your chance to stay on a permanent basis.
Ikitsu is of high status enough to tell them that you have earned this.
Since Hunter is their jurisdiction, by rights they can ask any reward for
us, even let you stay here. If you’re worried about threats coming after
you, don’t. After this you’ll become an official brother. Whenever you need
help guarding Earth they’ll come. You needn’t worry, and your friends and
family need you.”  Chakira said.

“But I’ll only cause trouble.” Goku said.

“It wouldn’t matter where you go, Earth will always be in danger. There is
always something to fight. We should be there to save it.”

“I don’t know.”

“Goku, do you love Gohan and Goten? Do you love your wife?”

“Of course, I love them with everything I have.”

“Goten has grown up not knowing you. You saw how happy he was, Goku. Stay.
After this, I cannot tell you now, but one day I will tell you why I am
asking you to do this.”

“Dad…” Goten said.

“Yes, son?” Goku replied.

“I want you to stay. When you didn’t come back Mom cried and cried, and when
I told Gohan you were coming back he didn’t even know how to feel. I tried
to compare you with an angel but he didn’t know what that was. If he’d known
you since he was born like I had, he wouldn’t even have to know what an
angel was to know what a great dad you are.” Gohan said.

“Son…please. I’ll have to think about this. There’s always a risk.”

“Let him think, Gohan.” Chakira said. “You have the chance to be a whole
family. Don’t deny yourself of that. Please, I want you to have what I
haven’t got, I don’t want anybody to have what I’m in.”
They watched as Vageta made an all out assault, and Chakira tensed, ready to
fly in. If Hunter managed to get the energy from Vageta that would give
Hunter one point up, even if he wore Vageta out, that wasn’t so bad, he
could be revived.

>From below the scouts watched.

“So this is it.” Serena said.

“Let’s hope they won’t have to use us. Hopefully they have enough to get at
him. But the way Vageta is going, it doesn’t look very good.” Lita said.

“Ikitsu did all she could to train us.” Rei said. “Lets at least try. More
than one world is in danger. If he gets that weapon…nobody is safe.”

“We’ve got to have faith.” Ami said. “Lets not think about the ‘if we don’t
succeed’ part. We all know that bit. I can’t help but feel that if we think
about it going wrong then it will go wrong.”

“She’s right, guys.” Mina said. “We’re strong, we’ve fought the negaverse.
We can do anything.”

“I hate to be blunt.” Darien said. “But this isn’t the negaverse.”

“We will do this, no matter what this is.” Sasami’s voice assured them, and
they turned to the little Jurai princess. “I don’t care how impossible this
sounds. I know we’ll come through.”

“Sasami, you’re a brave girl.” Serena said, bending down to her level and
putting a reassuring hand on her shoulder. “And you’re very right. We will
do this.”
For a moment nobody said anything. Ryo-Ohki looked up at the fighting,
searching through the smoke for Ryoko.

“Maybe there is something I can do to help.” Sasami said. “Maybe if I can
use the power of Tsunami I can help them.”

“Then wait until the right moment.” Ikitsu said, finally turning to them. “I
have no doubt you couldn’t help, but let them work first. Have your faith in
them as well as us winning and your power will grow. There is a weapon that
hasn’t been brought to the battle field.”

“But I thought Chakira didn’t want Eya-Kyosho.” Serena said.

“I wasn’t talking about the Demon, Princess Serena.” Ikitsu said. “I was
referring to something else that Chakira hasn’t mentioned, about the weapon
she has in mind to use. But she must be careful, because Kamadak could well
use it through her to bring us all to doom.”

“What is it?” Sasami asked.

“I won’t say just yet. Wait, and get to the back.” Ikitsu said.

Back in the air Vageta was on his last legs but too stubborn to give in.
Hunter noticed this and smiled. He extended his hand and just when he was
about to take Vageta’s special energy, Vageta vanished.

“Always the one to interfere, aren’t you, Chakira?” Hunter said, shaking his
head and rising into the air.
Above him, Chakira flashed back with the others. Then she changed her mind
and took Vageta down to the others.

“Don’t let Hunter get him, he’ll take his energy if he does.” Chakira
informed them. Washu snapped her fingers and a healing capsule appeared and
she put Vageta in, and the capsule filled with water.
Chakira didn’t stay for long, she left immediately and helped the others
fight Hunter, they attacked him as a group, and that seemed to have more
effect than Vageta had ever had before. But without warning, Hunter pulled
back sharply, grabbing Chakira and holding her in a tight grip.

“I know your little secret.” He whispered in her ear, and then she blacked
out as he invaded her mind.

************IN CHAKIRA’S MIND*************

The battle was going on as it had six years ago. Chakira had appeared in
time to watch her parents being destroyed and she screamed. She looked
around her, she was in space, she could see the huge sphere of the Earth.
Around her it was empty, and when she saw a person in the distance she flew
to them. It was a dying form of her father. She took him in her arms and he
looked up at her weakly.

“I’m sorry I failed you…I never told you…” He said. “But there is a chance,
we could still be a family.”

“What?” Chakira breathed.

“The Dragonballs…they’re the only things that can make us a family again.
I’ve watched from the other Realm…I’ve wanted to see Chellena and talk to
her…but I’ll never get the chance.” He replied with a wheeze.

“I’d love to, really I would, but there is one problem, Father.” Chakira
said, looking away.

“What, Chakira, what is the problem.”

“You.” Chakira said. “Are not my father, this is not real, and it is such an
obvious trap, Hunter, I’m surprised at you.”

***********VISION ENDS****************

The black vanished and was replaced by pain. Chakira looked around her, now
free of his mind attack, he was squeezing her tightly.

“If you think I’ll give in under this you’re wrong.” Chakira said.

“I think you’ll find you will.” Hunter said, charging a ball in his hand
ready to use on her.

“What is that, your home made buzzer?” Chakira taunted.
Hunter then pushed it into her and energy burned through her, and it hurt so
much that she screamed. With all her power, fighting the energy, but punched
him and there was an explosion as the energy between them met and resisted.
Chakira flew backwards, spun around in a loop and stopped.

“What happened?” Gohan asked.

“He tried to invade my mind.” Chakira replied quickly.

“Was he after what you told me about?” Goku asked.

“What exactly is that?” Picolo asked.

“We all know Chakira is hiding something.” Android 18 added.

“She has good reason to, but she isn’t going to keep it for long.” Goku
assured them. “It’s the reason we couldn’t train except under the way Ikitsu
taught us.”

“I’ll be waiting for that.” Android 18 said.

“I’m sure you’ll all be, but for now, this isn’t the time to tell you,
You’ll have to see why to even believe me.” Chakira said.
Chakira then charged for Hunter, who met her.

“With Chakira’s power things look hopeful.” Ayeka said.

“With any hope she’s as strong as we think she is.” Picolo said.

“If all else fails I’ll try to summon my light hawk wings. I couldn’t get
them before this when I was training when we first came here.” Tenchi said.
“But so far I’ve summoned them in a time of need, and this seems like one if
I ever saw it.”

“Light hawk wings?” Android 18 repeated curiously.

“On my planet, Jurai, we have ships which are very powerful and only they
can generate a strong defensive shield know as Light Hawk wings. Lord Tenchi
can some how generate them, but has only been able to do so in harsh battle
at the darkest times. He has had no luck summoning them yet outside battle.”
Ayeka explained.

“I hope they’re all you say they are.” Goku said. “I think we’re going to
need them.”
They watched Chakira unleash some of the Battle Magic Ikitsu taught them.
Hunter was stunned, wondering how she knew such magic like his own.

“How can this be?” He asked, and then with rage at being made to look a fool
he exploded with energy that blew all the others back, including Chakira.
They landed at the feet of the others playing defence. Ramiro appeared just
in time. Everyone had lost great energy with the blast he’d sent out. Ramiro
went out after Hunter to give them time.

“So you finally decided to join us, Ramiro? I must congratulate you on how
much better you have become since we last met.” Hunter said.

“How about I show you a thing or two that I’ve learnt?” Ramiro challenged,
and their fight began.
Below them, the others struggled to so much as push themselves up.

“I can’t believe it, he’s wasted us away with just one attack!” Gohan said.

“I said he was powerful.” Chakira said, pushing herself up. “He just stole
your energy. He’s regained but we’re so weak we can hardly move.”
The scouts helped them as best they could. They donated some energy to the
others and they stood, but were still too exhausted to even fight anything.

“He is much more powerful than I anticipated.” Ikitsu said. “I’m going to
have to call in that other player.” She said.

She called up a portal, but it fizzled and crackled.

“What?” Ikitsu cried. “He’s blocking my power! I can’t call in anybody!”

Hunter dropped down, arms folded.

“I should’ve known, Ikitsu Sama.” He said. “That you would come here and
interfere.”

“I have come to take you into justice.” Ikitsu said.

“Justice?” Hunter laughed. “You would be lucky to survive this. I am not a
student, and I will be the most powerful being ever existed. I may let you
live long enough to see that, Ikitsu. If I am feeling generous. Even with
your previous training, which no doubt you haven’t told them about, you
couldn’t beat me.”

“She’s told me, and even if she can’t, I will destroy you..” Ramiro yelled,
throwing a punch. He drew his sword.
“Don’t be so foolish, Ramiro, he’d beat you with a sword!” Ikitsu yelled.

Both ignored her, and their swords met.

“Reckless child!” Ikitsu said. “He won’t stand a chance. Kamadak excelled me
in swordplay, Ramiro cannot beat him. As good as the boy is Kamadak has much
more experience and much more skill. That boy couldn’t possibly make it.”

Chakira pulled herself to her feet only to be forced down again as Ramiro
was thrown onto her. He had a deep wound in his arm and a wound in his side.

“Ramiro!” Chakira cried as she saw the extent of his injuries. “Ramiro, why
didn’t you listen to her?”

“I’m sorry…” Ramiro said.

“Ryoko, watch my brother, it’s my turn.” Chakira said, forcing herself to
her feet and she advanced slowly towards Hunter.

“Chakira!” Ramiro cried. “Don’t do it, its just what he wants” Don’t!”

Chakira stopped and turned.

“I’m not exactly going to do that. Just remember I love you, okay?” She
turned to Goku. “Remember what I said, you deserve to be with your family.”

Then Chakira turned back and walk towards Hunter, she had enough strength to
transform to a super saiyan. She’d need energy to do this.
The last thing anybody heard before the explosion was Ramiro’s cry. When the
smoke cleared, they saw the Dragonballs, flashing and surrounding both
Chakira and Hunter. The last thing they saw was the explosion and both of
them were gone. When all the smoke cleared the others saw it, Ramiro’s eyes
were wide, tears were forming. Not many were sure about what had happened.
Silence only existed for a moment. Ikitsu knew, and her eyes were wide.
Nobody could sense Chakira’s energy or Hunters. The Dragonballs were in a
circle on the floor, flashing, and then slowly stopping and dimming.

“What…what happened?” Krillin asked.

“That was her secret.” Goku said. “Chakira was connected to the Dragonballs.
If you used them through her then there was no limit to wishes. Every so
often things like this happen, a power binds with the Dragonballs and
Chakira just happened to be it. That was why we couldn’t train, the energy
we would make if we trained and used on the battle field would’ve sparked
and endangered us all.”
Ramiro dragged himself to the spot, desperate to find any remains of
Chakira. When he found none he let the tears fall. Ryoko came by his side.

“What happened?” Ryoko asked.

“She’s gone. She did just what I feared she would do. Using the Dragonballs
she self destructed, taking Hunter and locking him into prison Space before
dying.” Ramiro said.
Ryoko’s eyes widened, she turned and told the others the bad news, everyone
lowered their heads in respect. Chakira had given her life to save them all.

“She’s gone…” Goku said.

“She did that…for all of us?” Washu said.

“She didn’t even give it a second thought.” Android 18 added.
The scouts began to cry, they’d become good friends with Chakira.

“What about Chellena?” Sasami whispered. “Chakira was the closest thing to a
other she had…what is she going to say?”

  The silence lasted and everyone was taken home. Goku decided it was best
to stay, in honour of Chakira. At the portal, the scouts requested to stay
longer, and so too did all the others that had been brought there. Ramiro
was healed, but he never said a word. Ryoko was there for him whole he
cried. Chellena went into fits of tears, and her sleep had been full of
nightmares. Everybody was upset that she was gone.

“She was a great warrior.” Serena said, wiping a tear from her eyes. “She
tried so hard…”

“All she wanted was a family.” Gohan agreed.

“And all she got was suffering and pain.” Goku finished.

In the chamber, Ramiro sat, head in his hands crying, and Ryoko was by his
side.

“Chakira only did it out of love.” Ryoko said.

“I was so afraid she’d do that…and she did. I could’ve done something!”
Ramiro cried.

“No you couldn’t.”

“All this time…I’m on my own…first Suzumay…and now this…”

“I’m here for you, I won’t go away. Ever. I’m not returning to the Masaki
house if you’re like this.”

“You should go home.”

“But it’s not my home, Ramiro, it isn’t.”

The two kissed, finally confessing how they felt about each other, and
Ramiro only felt a little better now he had somebody to comfort him.

CHAKIRA IS DEAD, BUT THE BATTLE IS OVER. HUNTER WILL NEVER THREATEN THEM
AGAIN. THE SECRET IS KNOWN TO EVERYONE. ALTHOUGH THERE IS PAIN BEWTWEEN
EVERYBODY…..THEY’RE ALIVE AND EARTH IS SAFE.

Lunar: Sorry if it wasn’t the ending you wanted, I bet you wanted Chakira to
just appear out of no where and say ‘what’s all this crying for, huh?’ but
I’m sorry. I’m not sure if I’ve seen any finished fan fictions, any comments
please tell me, okay, but keep your shirts on. At least I finished the
battle. It didn’t take millions of episodes like DBZ does (Not that I’m
complaining, or picking fault at, I love DBZ as much as the next person and
I’m not criticizing Akira Toriyama, before anybody moans at me for that, I
respect he guy. I was just comparing!).

I’ll be putting on a new fan fiction soon, so look out for it. And no, I
don’t write tragedies!

Oh, and if you want to now how they got on after the event, read my next
bit, SPECIAL! It’s more of a carry on after the fight, you’ll see how
everyone went on to live. I would HIGHLY recommend reading it, you never
know…I might put you at rest. After all, I wrote it just to honour the first
female super saiyan, if you enjoyed this story…do it for her sake…if you
hated it…read it any way.