					<Final Tenchi VIII>
       "Tenchi's secret revealed!!"
	As they walked into the garden Squall took them to a booth in the 
middle of the walk way,"This is the directory,should any of you get lost 
just come here and find out where you are or where you want ot go."

The whip lady stepped forward and addressed everybody,"Since Squall 
trusts you I guess we can to so ,My name is Quistis Trepe."

The blond spikey haired dude stepped dorward and said,"Hiya!!!My names 
Zell Dincht!!  Nice to meet ya'!!!!"

The girl next to him stepped forward,"I'm Selphie,and this is..."

"Irvine. Please don't talk for me Selphie...."She looked perplexed for a 
second and sighed.

"Oh alright,twas just so fun seeing you get flustered!"Tenchi bowed to 
everyone in turn and Zell tried to shake his hand but once again it was 
ignored.

"If you want to train there is a center where you can fight monsters and 
freshen up on different techniques,"Squall addressed Yosho,Tenchi,Ryoko 
and Aeka.Mainly because they looked more like warriors than the others.

"Thanks for everything,but is there a place where we can stay?"

Squall looked at them,thought a moment and answered,"Yeah!There are four 
rooms available and ya'll can each bunk with each other,and if you need 
clothes we can supply those to."Squall then dismissed the others and 
motioned for Tenchi and the gang to follow him.

He showed them the rooms and left the sleeping arrangements to 
them."Tenchiii!lets sleep in this one!!"Ryoko said half pleading half 
seductive.

"And what makes you think he wants to sleep with a bitch,tramp,and whore 
like you!!!"Aeka screamed hotly and with more evil than ever 
before.Yosho immediatley sensed this and started thinking that Aeka had 
seemed different as soon as she heard about the news of  Sorceress 
Edea,*Somethings fishy with her lately..I better keep an eye out further 
than before.*

Later that night when Tenchi was alone,he formed a light green gi with a 
gold dragon spiraling down his right arm with a deep blue sash,black 
boots with a silver trimming and walked into the training center of the 
Garden.As soon as he was in he was attacked by a t-rex looking 
creature,but it had a name imprinted in its side,it was called T-
Rauxer.Tenchi decided to have a litlle fun and used the techniques that 
his cousin Goku had taught him.He raised his ki to an exceptional level 
to beat this creature and he attacked.The creature was extremely slow 
and Tenchi used this to his advantage.Zanzukening behind the creature he 
started pumelling it with punches and kicks.When the creature attacked 
he zanzukened above it and hit it in the head with both his hands.The 
creature was almost dead so Tenchi cupped his hands in front,pulled them 
to the side,and raised his Ki even 
more"MAAAA...SSSSEEEENNN....KKKOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"he 
screamed and a giant flash of green shot out of his hands and slammed 
into T-Rauxer and turned it instantly into a pile of ash and solid burnt 
flesh.Tenchi then landed with a soft thump and continued into the 
center.When he came upon several girls being attacked by another T-
Rauxer,a giant bug looking thing,a half tiger half scorpion and some 
rock looking things.Tenchi sensed that these where stronger than they 
looked so he raised his Ki to a higher level and attacked.He punched his 
fist straight through the bug,kicked the T-Rauxer into orbit and was 
jumped by the rock creatures,but he made a huge blast with his ki and 
flung them off.

He then turned around to the tigorpion and they stared each other 
down.Then the tigorpion through a spear of ice at Tenchi,but Tenchi 
knocked it aside and zanzukened to the right of the creature and slammed 
his elbow into its head and watched as it went flying through a wall,but 
sinced it getting back up"Run!!!Get out of here before it returns!!!" 

One stood up and said frantically,"Don't fight him!!He's the gangster of 
all the monsters and is stronger than almost anything on earth!!!!Even 
the headmaster had trouble containing him,and now that the Headmaster is 
gone he can do what ever he wants!!!"she said,crying a bit.

Tenchi looked at  her and smiled,"He won't hurt me,I promise.I have a 
few tricks up my sleeve that could easily finish him off.Now 
runnnnn!!!!"he yelled as he sinced the monster  heading very fast over 
to attack.Tenchi put a shield around the girls that kept up with them 
until they were safe from harm,in case some unknown creature tried to 
attack or somthing.Tenchi then turned towards the monster that suddenly 
burst out of the trees and attacked.Tenchi jumped up to meet him and 
punched it in the gut.Unknown to Tenchi,but Yosho was there training,and 
when he had heard the girls screaming he had ran over to see what was 
wrong.He stopped just outside of the trees and saw Tenchi beating the 
shit out of the monster.Not even Yosho had seen this side of Tenchi in 
battle and he stood there with his mouth hanging open when suddenly the 
creature connected one of his talons to Tenchis head.Yosho was about to 
run out when Tenchi went flying and slammed through the wall,but a 
bright green light emenated from the hole and that part of the wall was 
totally destroyed.Tenchi stood there unscathed and smiling.The creature 
began to shake wildly,Yosho didn't know if it was from anger or 
fright,but it was shaking violently.

"Nice try,"said Tenchi,"but you'll have to do better than that.Now let 
me show you a trick."Tenchi then proceeded to do very odd motions with 
his hands as the signs drew some of his ki to his hands.All of a sudden 
Tenchi's hands both were covered in an orange and blue light.The 
creature charged at Tenchi making a ball of flame as it ran and Tenchi 
then slammed his fists together,pulled them to the side,cupped them and 
shouted,"FINAL    BLASTEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR  
CANNONNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" and threw his arms out in 
front and a giant ray of red shot out of his hands,slammed into the 
creature and disintegrated it until there wasn't even any ashes left.

Yosho decided to leave Tenchi alone just in case he had a bad temper in 
this form.As Tenchi landed without a sound he sensed a human,with a 
higher ki level than anyone else he knew leaving and he called out,"So 
you finally found out huh Grandpa?Come out of there,I won't hurt you."

Yosho stepped out of the bushes and proceeded over to Tenchi."That was 
amazing!"Yosho said as he slowly aproached the new Tenchi standing 
before him.Tenchi then walked over to him,put a hand on his shoulder and 
they dissapeared.They reappeared in the control central of the 
Garden/ship.

"WHAT THE HELL!!!!!!!!!"cried the pilot as two people appearred.The 
pilot then formerly bowed to Yosho and Tenchi,"Where did ya'll come 
from?!"he asked,still in a slight shock.

"Nevermind,just take us to the Shumi's village,they are in grave 
danger."Tenchi told the pilot.The pilot then looked at Squall for 
permission,he'd been there trying to decide the next destination,and 
Squall shook his head in agreement.They then proceeded to the Shumi 
village.By the time they got there it was to late,it had almost been 
completely destroyed.

"Damn!!!I wasted to much time!!!"Tenchi cursed to himself.He then 
blurred out of sight and they saw him on the ground in front of the 
village.His suit suddenly changed to that of a Balamb Garden student as 
he walked inside.When the gang and Squalls people fianlly caught up to 
him several minutes later he proceeded into the village with them 
closely following.

As they exited the elevator that led into the village several 100 yards 
under ground and they quickly spread out to search for survivors.Tenchi 
and Squall went straight to the Head Shumis house and found that all the  
Moombas had been mercilessly killed.When they entered,what they saw 
chilled them to the bone.right in the middle of the room was a pentogram 
with the head Shumi nailed to it and in a burning mess.Below him was his 
assistant,his head cut off and laying on his chest."My god!!"gasped 
Squall,"who would do such a thing?"Tenchi turned to look at the Head 
Shumi,summoned his sword and swiftly sliced off the nails holding him 
there.

Tenchi then caught what was left off the burnt body,took it outside to 
the pond,laid him down on the surface and let him sink to the 
bottom,"May you rest in peace,old friend."Tenchi then walked over to 
Squall,laid his hand on his shoulder and they turned and kept walking to 
the elevator.There they found the only Shumis left alive,Sculptor and 
Artisan.They picked up their unconscious bodies and carried them back to 
the Garden.

When everyone was once again gathered at the Garden,Tenchi zanzukened to 
the top of the Garden.He put one hand out aiming at the top of the 
mountain and shot a blast that blew the entire mountain down on top of 
the Shumi Village."May ye all rest in peace now,we will take care of the 
people responsible for this.With that he put one of his fingers to his 
head and instantly transported the entire Garden to the Sorceresses lair 
,the Shumis had told him about it when they had woken up.Unbeknownst to 
Tenchi,but this is what Aeka had been waiting for.She summoned all her 
slaves through telepathy and told them to prepare to take over as soon 
as the Sorceress was within a few leagues of the lair.
To be continued......

What'd ya' think?You like?no?Well whether you liked it or not please e-
mail me your comments 
to:ruthe3000@yahoo.com.And on a further note,I do not own any of these 
characters,well,I might own some I've created but that is it.Most of 
these characters belong to Aic and Pioneer
