Opening Shot: A dark cloudy sky that's moving slowly away from the
camera at a slightly accelerated rate.  Every now and then there's a
rumble of thunder or flash in the clouds.  A man (ADAM LEIGH) wearing
an all black suit walks onscreen from the right. He has short spiky
black hair and bushy eyebrows over two brown eyes.  He looks sternly
at the camera.

ADAM LEIGH: In the distant future, many years from today, there will
be a terrible apocalypse that will shove the fragile ecosystem of the
planet Earth over the edge into Nuclear Winter.  But from that
terrible event, a wonderful future, guided by the caring hand of
Serenity, will emerge and engulf the world in nothing less than
utopia.  It is a future beyond dreams, which is why so many images of
this future differ from one another, but it is one that could only be
borne from disaster.  But for one moment, consider an alternative. 
What if things go disastrously wrong, and the future which we've all
imaged, and the Senshi have seen, never comes about?

[The camera pans closer to show just ADAM'S head and a space to the
right of it.]

ADAM: What if the apocalypse comes early, too early?  What if,
sometime in the early twenty-first century, a small asteroid, of mass
greater than sixteen million metric tons, of size roughly that of the
state of Nebraska, were to crash into the middle of the Pacific Ocean
causing a cataclysmic tidal wave to wash across the face of the Earth
and billions of tons of ash to be thrown up into the atmosphere?  What
if it does happen?  What if it already happened?

[Fade the image of ADAM away to pan upwards through then clouds to a
high up picture of the Earth.]

ADAM: [Voice Over] Lets say it did happen.

[A streak of light flies past and plummets into the atmosphere.  A few
seconds later a flash of light emanates from that spot blinding the
camera.  Fade to a aerial shot of Los Angeles as a giant tidal wave
looms over it and eventually crashes into it.]

ADAM: [V.O.] This is the world that would result.  A world where
hopeful dreams have been shattered and in it's place, sheer terror of
what will come next.

[Fade to crowd of people running down a street in terror away from the
camera.  A woman steps into view [MINAKO AINO] and looks terrified at
something above the camera and begins pushing people along and picking
up small children who have fallen.]

ADAM: [V.O.]  A world not without the presence of those ultimate
beings who were previously assigned to protect this world, but in
hiatus of them.  A world where the Senshi have scattered in light of
the approaching danger in an attempt to help more people at once. 
Where they have lost contact with each other and are wondering who
survived the cataclysm.

[Fade to a darkened room where a woman with long black hair [REI HINO]
is helping a man to his feet.  She looks out a window as a black cloud
moves quickly over a city.]

ADAM: [V.O.] This world would not be dead, as many have suspected
would happen in such an event.  It has changed, and the people have
found new ways of surviving.

[Fade to a blizzard land where a white blanket of snow covers
everything in sight.  A group of people are moving through the snow
with layers and layers of clothes covering them.  One of them looks up
and pulls down her mask to show lovely green eyes [MAKOTO KINO] as
they gaze at a large white pillar that only slightly stands out from
the eternally grey sky.  She replaces her mask and continues moving
with the others.]

ADAM: [V.O.]  But survival is a tricky business and even those who
were prior confidant in their planet's future are finding themselves
without hope.  A planet without hope, is a planet without a chance. 
It's a planet without a future.

[Pan over the group towards the pillar fading until it's completely
white.  Fade back in to a dark city street devoid of cars and people. 
The shops are closed and it's raining heavily, covering this city in a
sheet of water.  A pair of headlights appear at the end of the street
and flash the camera momentarily.  In their wake, the Caption is
showed:

		Meryln Magic Productions Presents

[The car pulls up just in front of the camera and shuts off it's
lights. It's a black sedan that polished to look new.  Movement is
seen inside but it's impossible to discern figures.  The caption fades
out and other fades in:

			  A Leigh Film...

[The front door opens and an umbrella comes out and opens shortly
before a mid sized man with brown hair, blue eyes, and wire frame
glasses wearing a suit steps out.  He looks up at the building he is
parked in front of.  The camera pans upwards with his view as it
follows the side of the building.  As it scales the side, the next
caption filters down:

			  Adam Leigh's

[The camera pans through a small cloud drift to show the top of the
building looking over a semi-large city.  The only light comes from
the several buildings below that are lit up, there is no stars or
moonlight evident.  There's a tall spire on the top of the building,
next to which the final caption displays itself, fading in as if it
were a moving cloud:

		  A WORLD WITHOUT A FUTURE

[There's a loud rumble of thunder from above and the image fades into
an elegant lounge that's being lit by a small rolling fire and a
television not far from it.  The camera pans around the room, showing
the large collection of books and famous paintings, while sounds from
the television are heard in the background.]

TELEVISION: [Off Screen] –as a number of official have claimed.  In
other news, the city's twentieth anniversary is coming up soon,
marking the twenty years that the city has survived despite the
nuclear winter going on outside.  Twenty years ago, on November 24th,
0 PC the space borne asteroid 'Ragnarok' collided with Earth and
ushered in the harsh weather conditions currently raging outside
NeoMetropolis.  The city continues to thrive today thanks to the help
of the city's wealthiest industrialist and founder—

[There's a brief sound of static as the channel is changed.  The
camera pans towards the television.]

TELEVISION: --of course no more than three weeks ago.  As I have said
before, nothing can prevent it from happening all over the city.  More
and more people are being butchered and reassembled by these so called
'Preparatory Doctors' every day.  If it isn't stopped soon, we'll have
a city of freaking cyborgs running around!  It must be stopped! It
can't go on! Stop it all! [the voice fades away and is replaced by
another] That was the scene earlier today as the anti-enhancement
riots continue through the north east sections of the city where the
cause of the riots is most concentrated.  Statistically, the rise in
cyborg enhancements can only be seen marginally in some of the areas
of the city where the surgery is least expensive.  While police
officials have yet to take a stand on this two sided argument, many
officers have vouched their opinion by standing by and allowing the
riots to continue.  Whether this is a trend in police activity or the
act of a few rebel officers has yet to be seen.  Such events as—

[The sound is cut short as the television is shut off.  The reflection
of a bald man [LEX LUTHOR] sitting in a chair can be seen in the
television monitor.  Another figure [MERCER] approaches the man from
behind.]

LUTHOR: Never anything good on television anymore, wouldn't you say?

MERCER: Sir?

LUTHOR: Each year things get worse and worse and all they want to do
is blame me.  I saved this wretched city and all the people in it and
all they do tell me that I should have done a better job.  No one else
stepped up to the plate, so I took a swing.  You'd think someone would
appreciate me. [beat] What was it you wanted, Mercer?

MERCER: Mr. Hyashi here to see you sir.

[The camera pans to show LUTHOR pushing himself up from the chair he
was sitting in.  He's wearing a long robe over his frail frame that
only seems to get worse with time.  His face is slightly wrinkled in a
manner that phantoms a plethora of angry faces.  Slowly moving to a
large oak desk on a slightly raised dais, he waves to MERCER]

LUTHOR: Let him in.

[MERCER nods and walks to the door.  She grips the handle firmly
before slowly pulling in open and motioning out the door for someone
to enter.  Shortly after, a man walks through the doorway wearing a
grey suit with a black tie with short, brushed back, grey hair.  He is
carrying a manila folder and walks confidently over to LUTHOR'S desk.]

LUTHOR: What can I do for you Hyashi-san?

HYASHI: [tosses folder onto desk and points as various sheets of paper
cascade out of it]  You can explain this.

[LUTHOR rubs his temple with one hand as he pushes through the papers
with his other.]

LUTHOR: What is this ... [struggling] violation of paper laws?

HYASHI: This is the current statistics of the firrious fiber walls
surrounding the city.  You promised that those would stand up to five
hundred years worth of weather conditions!

LUTHOR: They will, I've tested them so.

HYASHI: Not according to this! [picks up a paper and holds it in his
fist]  The current degradation shows a rapid decline in wall
efficiency, possibly even a collapse in a mere few years!

[LUTHOR picks up a few of the papers and reads them.]

HYASHI: You have seriously placed this entire city in jeopardy!  A
collapse in any section could cause a chain reaction that topple the
whole thing down on top of us.  I could have had my backup plan in
action years ago, but now I'll never have it up in time.

LUTHOR: [angered] Quit whining!  Your frivolous complaining won't keep
the walls up any longer than if you were to go out there and ask the
summer to come back!  This, [throws the papers at HYASHI] is my
problem and I will deal with it in due time.  Now I will appreciate
that you get out of my office and go back to your design lab and find
a way to get your wall up quicker!

HYASHI: This is everyone's problem, Mr. Luthor!  I will not let you
place this city in any more danger than—

LUTHOR: [yelled] THIS IS MY CITY! [beat; HYASHI takes a step back]
Longer than you have been alive I have cared for this city and I will
continue to protect my investment.  Get out of my office and let me do
that.  Good day, Mr. Hyashi!

[The sound of MERCER opening the door is heard in the background. 
HYASHI looks over his shoulder at the door.  He turns on one foot and
storms to the doorway before turning around.]

HYASHI: This is not the last for us, Luthor.  This city will continue
on even if its self acclaimed leader considers it doomed.

[Before LUTHOR can respond, he has left and MERCER has closed the door
behind him.  LUTHOR collapses in his chair behind his desk and buries
his head in his hands.  MERCER approaches slowly.]

LUTHOR: [muffled] What's wrong with this data, Mercer?

MERCER: I don't know, sir.

[LUTHOR looks up at MERCER with a strange, almost tranquil look on his
face.  He spins in his chair to look out the large window behind him. 
The black sky is no comfort to him.]

LUTHOR: [his voice is weak and he speaks slowly]  You know I hated
him, everyone knows I did.  Every second of every day he was watching
me, restraining me, keeping my plans from fruition.  Then, one day, he
was gone. [beat] I don't know what he would have done, but I sure as
hell could have used his help when that space rock came. [beat; turns
around] Call development, wake em' up, roust the group. I need to
speak to Mizuno.  Get this whole thing straightened out.

MERCER: Yes, sir.

[MERCER spins on her foot and walks out of the office.]

[Cut to the outside of a city dojo.  A giant window in the front shows
two figures in white robes fighting with bokkens.  The fighting is
very intense and the two figures seem to be moving with lightning
quick speed.  Pan inwards, fading through the glass before centering
on the two figures.]

[They are both men, one looks to be in his late twenties while the
other looks much older with long grey hair in a ponytail behind him. 
The younger one takes a swing high that the old man blocks and swings
around for another hit.  Before the sword can impact, the younger man
blocks and slides low to swing up missing the old man's head by
millimeters when he dodges.  The fighting continues in this style with
incredible speed until the younger man makes a swift strike downwards
and breaks the bokken of the older man.  Using his hands, the old man
disarms the younger one swiftly and they begin fighting hand to hand. 
Eventually, after the same furious combat as before, the younger man
(TENCHI MASAKI) pins the older man (KATSUHITO MASAKI) on the floor.]

KATSUHITO: [smiles; though breaths] All right, Tenchi, I give up.

[TENCHI stands and helps his Grandfather up.]

TENCHI: That's the longest we've ever gone. [smirk] You must be
getting rusty.

KATSUHITO: Perhaps it's time for me to retire...

[He taps his finger to his chin in a mock thinking pose while Tenchi
creeps up behind him with the bokken.  As he takes a swing down at
KATSUHITO's thinking pose, he breaks his thought, reaches up to grab
TENCHI'S wrist and hurls him into the ground in front of him.  TENCHI
coughs a few breathes.]

TENCHI: If you can still do that, you're far from retirement.

HATSUHITO: Hmph.

FEMALE VOICE: [Off Screen] Hello?

[A woman with short, shoulder length brown-red hair has her head in
the doorway and holding the door open with her hand.  She (NATSUMI
TSUJIMOTO) looks around cautiously.]

NATSUMI: Are you, like, open?

[TENCHI and KATSUHITO blink simultaneously before TENCHI leaps to his
feet and stands with his bokken resting on his shoulder.]

TENCHI: Yes, we are. [beat] Oh, come on in out of that rain, you don't
have to stand by the doorway.

[NATSUMI walks in though the doorway and moves over to TENCHI and
KATSUHITO.  She is wearing a green sweatshirt with a hood resting in
back, and tight black pants.]

KATSUHITO: So, what can we do for you young lady?

NATSUMI: Umm, well, I was interested in some lessons.

TENCHI: Weapon based or hand-to-hand?

NATSUMI: Hand to hand.

TENCHI: Well, alright. When's a good time for you?

NATSUMI: It's best for me between 6 and 9 PM during the week.

KATSUHITO: Seven O'clock.

NATSUMI: [looks between TENCHI and KATSUHITO] Okay, seven o'clock it
is.

TENCHI: Great! My names Tenchi Masaki, and this is my grandfather
Katsuhito.

NATSUMI: I'm Natsumi Tsujimoto. [beat] So, see you tomorrow?

KATSUHITO: Tomorrow at Seven O'clock.

NATSUMI: [nods] Right.

[NATSUMI walks to the door and pauses for a second before opening it
and rushing out.  She walks quickly past the window.]

KATSUHITO: Did you see it?

TENCHI: Uh-huh. [beat] I wonder where she got it.

KATSUHITO: Probably lost it trying to get to the city.

[TENCHI bends down and rubs his shin, trying to scare away phantom
wounds.]

TENCHI: If she's had it for a while it'll be easier to teach her
grace, but if she's not used to it yet, we'll have problems.

[KATSUHITO moves over to TENCHI and taps his leg with the piece of
broken bokken in his hand.  A resounding "cling" sounds when the wood
hits TENCHI'S leg.]

KATSUHITO: You had quite a problem adjusting if I do remember
properly.

TENCHI: [looks up at nothing in particular] I had a problem adjusting
to everything back then.  Too much happened on the way to this city,
too much for me to take in at once.  Of course I floundered a bit in
my style.

[Partial fade to images of people yelling as they run down streets. 
Cut to show TENCHI running through a collapsing building with AYEKA in
tow.  Suddenly a large portion above them begins to collapse.  It
falls towards the camera and just as it's about to strike, quickly
fade back to the dojo.]

TENCHI: [soft] Way too much.

FEMALE VOICE: [O.S.] Tenchi!

TENCHI: [looks up] Just a second, Sasami. [starts to stand]

KATSUHITO: I think I'm going to go for a walk.

TENCHI: [boggles] It's downpouring, grandpa.  You'll get soaked.

[KATSUHITO moves to a stand in the corner of the dojo and pulls out an
umbrella.]

TENCHI: Like that's going to help much.

[KATSUHITO continues to move to the door, stick the now open umbrella
out and sneak beneath it.  He moves off away from the dojo.  TENCHI
sighs.]

TENCHI: [shakes head] So weird.

[Cut to a dark room, overhead view.  The only light is being emitted
by a large, conference sized table that's glowing white and has a grid
across it.  There are three people at the table and within it's full
light.  One is a young woman with short, shoulder length bluish hair
wearing a long white labcoat [AMI MIZUNO], and the other two are LEX
LUTHOR, now in a suit, and MERCER.]

AMI: This is what we have.

[AMI waves her hand over the table and it turns black for a second
before it glows green and a holographic image jumps from it.  Pan from
overhead to across the table as the image molds to show the Pacific
rim, or what it looks now that the Philippines, Australia, the islands
of Japan, and most of the Chinese and Russian coastline are covered
with water.  A red dot appears on the new coastline just above what
used to be the northern China boarder.]

AMI: As the first asteroid hit, the resultant Tsunami hit the wall
roughly, but nothing near what it did to the actual coastal cities. 
What was left of it when it struck the wall, and the following year as
the water receded into the current coast, caused several years of
weathering damage to the lower portions of the wall due to the
constant water pressure and the high salt content of the water. 
Erosion began almost immediately.

[The hologram zooms towards the red dot until it fills up the entire
image showing a diagram of the city.  The conic wall that surrounds
the city is shown as a thick blue line.  Inside about 70 percent of
the wall is dense city while the remaining 30 percent is land being
farmed.  Just outside the city to the east can be seen where the
waterline currently resides.]

AMI: The erosion occurred simultaneously around the wall and weakened
it gradually and uniformly.  It knocked about a good hundred years off
our expected time. [beat] But that alone isn't bad, the wall should
still have stood up to at least another hundred years of treatment. 
But something else happened we didn't expect.

[The diagram fades to look real and the image zooms over to the
Western wall and begins playing footage of wind, ice, and debris
bashing against the wall in accelerated time.]

AMI: For the past three years, a harsh icestorm has settled itself
near our position. Gathering strength off the coastal winds, the storm
has grown in intensity gradually to incredible proportions.  We've
been working on reinforcement designs to try to channel the pressure
to other areas of the wall but they are still preliminary.

LUTHOR: What about the auxiliary shield?

AMI: Insufficient.  It wouldn't hold longer than a year, not with out
current energy demands.

LUTHOR: Then we need to create more energy, just siphon it out of the
people!

AMI: With all due respect, the city is working more efficiently than
any city ever before it.  The people get only what they need, we can't
possibly take any energy from them without shutting down portions of
the city, and even then it won't be enough to keep the shield up
longer than six months.  The demands on the shield are exponentially
large, the longer we keep it up, the higher the demands per hour.

LUTHOR: [slams fist on table] Then why the hell did we put it in if we
can't use it!

AMI: The auxiliary shield is in place so that we can make improvements
and repairs on the exterior wall with the greatest possible haste.  It
only lasts a year, which is barely enough time to make improvements,
so when we come up with an effective channeling system, we'll activate
the shield so we can implement it.

LUTHOR: That's it? A bunch of theories with nothing we can do right
now?

AMI: The size and scope of the wall make it very hard to work with,
Mr. Luthor, if we had more time prior to Ragnarok maybe we could have
come up with better backup plans, but we had no time at all!

LUTHOR: That wasn't my fault!

AMI: Then don't blame us! [beat] We are BOTH victims of this situation
Mr. Luthor, not just you!  I have no intention of dying here so trust
me if we had a solution I'd tell you about it, as for now, let us work
so we can come up with something!

[AMI and LUTHOR look at each other over the table intensely.  The
holographic image of the wall between them shatters and the table
returns to it's white glow.  LUTHOR eventually turns away and walks
into the darkness.  The sound of heavy footsteps slowly fade with the
slamming of a heavy door off screen.]

AMI: [Sighs; collapses on the table and buries her head in her hands;
soft]  This is not what I wanted to happen.  I came here to save a few
lives, not get beat around by some stuck up executive. [looks up as
the table returns to black and a holographic image of old Tokyo
appears] Where did you all go?  This blasted wall cuts all radio
transmissions—

[the images fades into the ice storm outside.  The camera pans
forwards towards the wall then descends to the bottom.]

AMI: [V.O.] There could be other cities out there, other methods of
surviving, we just can't hear their cries.  I hope you're all out
there somewhere still, I ... I never got a chance to say goodbye after
all.

[At the base of the wall a the bunch of heavily clothed individuals
reach a snow-covered door with a large submarine like latch.  A bunch
of the people try to turn the wheel but fail.  Eventually someone
waves the people out of the way, grips the handle fiercely, and twists
it open.  The person waves them all in and they duck into the doorway.
 When they are all in, the door closes and the wheel can be seen
locking it shut.]

[Cut to the inside of a long dark passageway that all the people are
huddled in. Sounds of shivering and quick breaths can be heard.  The
one who just closed the door pushes ahead of the rest, barely
squeezing through the low ceiling, metal path.  The person comes to
another door with the same wheeled lock on it. A twist later and the
door swings open and a dark street that's being rained on can be
seen.]

LEAD PERSON: What the hell is this?

[The people behind see this and start scrambling out of the hole.  By
the time they all get out they are already soaked to their bones. 
Someone closes the hatch behind them.]

MAN #1: Its warm!

WOMAN #1: It's a city!

MAN #2: [looks around] FOOD!

[Everyone turns to where the man was looking and sprint towards the
closed deli except for one person, the same one that opened the door. 
The person pulls down all of the hoods to let her long brown hair tied
back fall behind her [MAKOTO KINO] and become soaked in the rain.  She
looks around with her green eyes and tastes a bit of the rain by
opening her mouth to the sky.  As she puts her head down again you can
see the glint of her tiara on her forehead.]

MAKOTO: [looks around] A city, completely separated from the blizzard
going on outside.  [looks up] It even manages to capture clouds.  I
wonder who built this wonder?

[She leans back on the closed hatchway and looks around.  She pulls
off one of her layers of clothes and tosses it aside.]

MAKOTO: [Sneezes] I have to find a place to get out of this rain.

[She pulls one of her hoods back on and starts running down the street
in the opposite direction of the looting mob that just broke the
window of the deli and are shoving themselves inside to get at the
food.]

[Cut to a long street.  MAKOTO is running down the street towards the
camera.  As she runs she is amazed as all the things around her,
looking up at the buildings not even looking where she's going.  She
turns the corner right in front of the camera and runs right into a
man carrying an umbrella.  She hits him and topples backwards onto the
street.]

MAN [O.S.]:  I'm sorry young lady.

[As the man bends down to help MAKOTO up, we see the man is
KATSUHITO.]

MAKOTO: It's okay, it was my fault.

KATSUHITO: It's a rough night to be running around without an
umbrella. [beat] You're soaking wet.  Come with me, I own a dojo
around the corner, you can get dried up and I'll lend you my umbrella.

[KATSUHITO pulls MAKOTO under his umbrella and holds her arm as he
walks her down the street.]

MAKOTO:  Thank you sir, I wasn't expecting ... rain?

KATSUHITO: [slowly nods] Well, it usually rains every Tuesday and
Thursday in September, it's good for the crops in the farming
district.

MAKOTO: Crops?

KATSUHITO: Yes.

[MAKOTO frowns for a second in confusion.]

KATSUHITO: Here we are.

[MAKOTO looks up to see a sign over a large window. It says Jurai
Dojo.  KATSUHITO moves towards the door and opens it for MAKOTO.  She
reluctantly walks in.]

[Cut to the inside of the dojo.  MAKOTO walks in the door and looks
around slowly.  KATSUHITO closes the door after himself and picks up a
folding chair that's resting against the wall.]

KATSUHITO: [Opens chair] Have a seat, young lady.

MAKOTO: [Slowly sits] My names Makoto, Makoto Kino.

KATSUHITO: I'm Katsuhito Masaki.

MAKOTO: Masaki ... where's the Jurai come in?

[KATSUHITO coughs as TENCHI and RYOUKO walk into the room catching
their attention.]

RYOUKO: Oh.

TENCHI: Uh, hi.

KATSUHITO: Tenchi! Get a couple of towels and a robe.

TENCHI: [nods] Of—of course.

[TENCHI looks one more time before turning and quickly moving out of
the room.  RYOUKO takes a few steps further into the room.]

KATSUHITO: Ryouko, I'd like you to meet Makoto Kino. [turns] Makoto,
this is Ryouko Hakubi.

RYOUKO & MAKOTO: [sim] Hi.

[There's a moment of unsettling silence before TENCHI bounds back into
the room carrying two towels and a white karate robe.]

TENCHI: [Hands MAKOTO the towels] Here. [beat] Oh, how silly of me. 
My name's Tenchi.

MAKOTO: I'm Makoto.

[MAKOTO and TENCHI stare at each other strangely for a second.]

KATSUHITO: So, Makoto, what were you doing out in the rain like that?

MAKOTO: Well, it's sort of a long story. [beat] I've been traveling
with a group of people trying to find refuge from the cold for a long
time now.  We'd heard that there were cities that were trying to
protect themselves from the Tsunami and the—

TENCHI: [blinks] The, the what?

MAKOTO: [hesitant] The Tsunami, the tidal wave after Ragnarok hit.

TENCHI: Oh, OH yes, of course. Heh.

MAKOTO: Umm, well, we didn't really think that it was possible for a
city to survive it, I mean, we all got away through unusual
circumstances.  But we found this giant pillar and here was this city
inside. [beat] I really have no where to go now, it's been a long time
since I've been in society.

TENCHI: Well, you could stay here for a while if you have no where
else to go.  We have plenty of room.

MAKOTO: Really? That would be great. [beat] Perhaps you could tell me
about city as well, I'd like to know how this all happened.

TENCHI: We don't much about it, we barely got here ourselves after the
asteroid hit.  But things work just like in a normal city by now,
there are a few major changes but nothing you can't get used to.

MAKOTO: Great, thanks. [beat; looks down at the now water drenched
floor]

TENCHI: Uh, well, here, come with me, I'll take you to a room you can
dry off and change in.

MAKOTO: [smiles; stands] Thank you. [walks off with TENCHI]

[RYOUKO follows the two of them with her eyes then, when they are
gone, she turns to KATSUHITO.]

RYOUKO: You normally pick up women on the street like that?

KATSUHITO: Bothered by her, Ryouko?

RYOUKO: What? No way, just unusual that's all.  I mean, it's not often
people come in from outside of the shield.

KATSUHITO: Yes, a very unusual situation indeed.

[KATSUHITO walks off into other parts of the building.  RYOUKO watches
him strangely.  Just as he turns a corner he peeks his head back out.]

KATSUHITO: Ryouko, get a mop and clean this up.

[KATSUHITO moves off before RYOUKO can retort.  She shakes her head
and kicks the chair over.]

[When the chair hits the ground, cut to show a hardwood floor moving
past the camera.  A pair of feet walk past.  Pan upwards to show
TENCHI walking down a hallway.  He stops in front of a door and
chuckles to himself for a second before sliding it open.]

FEMALE VOICE: [O.S.] She seems like a nice girl.

[TENCHI turns white and his expression goes blank.  He sighs and walks
into the room closing the door behind him.  Cut to the inside of the
bedroom as TENCHI finishes closing the door and moves over to a
dresser and opens the drawer, picking out clothes.]

FEMALE VOICE: [O.S.] You seemed to take a liking to her.

TENCHI: I'm not listening to you, you're not real.

FEMALE VOICE: [O.S.] Oh, I'm real...

[Pan around TENCHI so that he's facing the camera as if it was the
dresser and behind him is a woman with long purplish hair, wearing an
assortment of robes.]

AYEKA: ... real enough for you that is.

TENCHI: [sighs] I don't want to hear you anymore, it's over.  I must
move on.

AYEKA: If you must move on, why am I still here?

[TENCHI turns around to face AYEKA.]

TENCHI: I don't know! [points at her] It's not my fault, it's
Ryouko's, if you're going to haunt someone haunt her.  I tried, I
really tried my hardest, but I there was no way I could ever have
stopped that ceiling from collapsing on us. [beat; lowers hand;
softer] There's no way I could have told Ryouko to save you and not
me.

AYEKA: Somehow I don't think that's good enough!

TENCHI: I don't care anymore, I want to get on with my life.  I'm
saddened, and your death was painful for me, but I don't want to think
about it anymore.  I have a reason to move on, so you do the same you
ghost.

AYEKA: I'm no ghost.

TENCHI: And you're not real either. Just go away, you're a figment of
my imagination.

AYEKA: Then tell yourself you don't want to see me anymore and
logically, I'll go away.

[TENCHI closes his eyes for a second then reopens them.]

TENCHI: You're still here, aren't you.

AYEKA: So what reason do you have to move on anyway?

TENCHI: [sighs and sits on his bed]  I just have a reason, that's all.

AYEKA: What? That Makoto girl?  You've never been impressed by looks
or fawning attention.  I should know.

TENCHI: Yeah, well, maybe that's why you're still around.

AYEKA: You're guilty about never having told me how much you cared. 
How touching.  Could have helped more if you did it while I was still
alive!

TENCHI: Well, maybe I'm trying to fix that.  I have a long life ahead
of me, I don't need to be haunted by everyone who ever had a fancy
thought about me.

AYEKA: Would be a nice incentive to get rid of me, but obviously
you're not serious since I AM still here.

TENCHI: I have a better incentive. [he reaches over and turns off his
light and lies down in bed]  Good night ... whatever you are.

AYEKA: It would be, but I have a feeling that you're in line for a
nightmare.

TENCHI: Great.

[TENCHI shuts his eyes and AYEKA vanishes.]

[Cut to a smaller bedroom, MAKOTO is wearing the robe and looking at a
large mirror on the wall.  Her hair is down and slightly damp at the
ends and her tiara is still affixed to her forehead.  She bends
forwards and looks closer at her face.  She's obviously older than she
was back when she used to romp around with Sailor Moon and the Senshi.
 She moves her hand to her face and feels the areas around her eyes,
feeling the slight wrinkles.  Immediately she banishes her hand from
her face and stands up straight.]

[She pulls at the collar of her robe and pulls it from her figure,
tossing it aside.  She looks at herself naked in the mirror once
before shutting her eyes.  The green gem in her tiara glows for a
instant before shattering into a million sparks of light that cascade
around her.  When they are gone, her hair is tied back again and she's
wearing the outfit she used to wear to school when she first became a
Senshi.]

[When she looks back in the mirror she looks at least five years
younger and she smiles for an instant before the frown returns to
her.]

MAKOTO: [whispered] Where can you be?  If I made it to this city,
maybe others have.  If only there were–

[MAKOTO stares down at the mirror with intent, focusing on her sleeve.
 Her eyes widen as she raises her hand and pulls back her sleeve to
show the white communicator watch still on her wrist.  She pulls back
the lid with the symbol of Jupiter on it and gazes at the blank screen
beneath.]

[Cut to another bedroom.  A large window covering one wall allows a
very small amount of light from the city in to show a figure sleeping
in a bed by the window.  The sheets are silken and mold to the woman's
almost perfect shape.  She turns in her sleep casting light on her
(AMI MIZUNO) face.]

[A shrill beeping noise suddenly rings through the room and causes AMI
to sit up suddenly in bed.  The sheets fall from her to show she's
wearing a white nightgown.  She reaches for her lamp and turns it on,
filling the room with light.  Jumping out of bed, she looks around for
the noise, ending with opening her dresser drawer and seeing the white
wristwatch slide from the back of the drawer to the front.  She looks
at it intently with a sort of wonder and a sort of fear.  She lifts it
from the drawer.]

AMI: [opening the lid] Hello?

[The small screen on the watch shows static for a few seconds then an
image begins to form.]

MAKOTO: [broken] Heh ... lie ... eh ... Hel ... oo Ami?

[The image clears, blurs for a second the reestablishes itself
firmly.]

MAKOTO: [V.O.; excited] Ami?!

AMI: Makoto!

MAKOTO: [V.O.] Is that really you? Oh, tell me it's really you!

AMI: I can't believe it! Thank god you're still alive!

MAKOTO: [V.O.] Oh, Ami, I'm so glad to see you.  Where are you, are
you in this city?

AMI: Yes! Yes I am!  I'm in the Lexcorp building.  Where have you
been?  Have you been in the city this entire time?

MAKOTO: [V.O.] No, I was on the outside, I just found this place
trying to find another refuge from this blizzard.

AMI: Outside?  [her face lightens] Have you been to any other cities?!

MAKOTO: [V.O.] There are other cities?  Like this one?

AMI: [her face falls visibly] No, I ... I, well I don't know for sure
and I was kind of hoping there was.

MAKOTO: [V.O.; silent for a while] The ... others, aren't here, are
they?

AMI: [closes her eyes and shakes her head] No, they're not.  I don't
know where they are, or ... [she trails off]

MAKOTO: [V.O.] Or if they survived.

[AMI nods and there is another uneasy silence.]

MAKOTO: [V.O.] Anyway, we HAVE to meet.  Where did you say you were
again?

AMI: I'm in the Lexcorp building. [beat] Let me think, it's the
tallest building in the city, one of the lower support pylons even
attaches to it for foundation.

MAKOTO: [V.O.] I'm coming right away, it's been to long to wait
anymore.

AMI: [smiles] All right, I'll tell one of the lobby personnel to let
you through.

MAKOTO: [V.O.] See you in a bit.

AMI: Okay.

[The screen shows a bit of static before shutting off.  AMI closes her
hand around her wrist, shutting the lid of the watch.  She sits on her
bed and sighs.]

AMI: [to herself] They must be alive.  Now that Makoto is here, we can
try and find the others.  We can do it together, we'll reunite the
Sailor Senshi.

[Pan backwards out of the room through the window to outside the city.
 As the camera scales the building the rain dies down until it stops. 
When the top of the Lexcorp building is in view, pan backwards over
the city, increasing in speed, through the exterior wall and into the
blizzard raging outside.  Grey clouds block out the view for a few
seconds and when it returns, it's panning into a small metal bunker.]

MAN: [V.O.; fade in] ...we've isolated it's location, just go out and
get it!

VOICE: [V.O.] I'll work things on my own time, it's hard enough
equipping my machines to get through the ice blizzard without you
rushing me to get it done.

[Cut to the inside of an office.  A large collection of monitors is
showing the face of a bald man with a brown hared goatee.]

MAN: [V.O.] I know him!  It won't be long before he discovers it
himself, if you don't hurry he'll get to it first!

VOICE: [O.S.] I told you before, I always deliver.  I'll do things my
way, thank you.  Good day.

[The screens all cut off and display diagnostics on strange looking
vehicles.  The camera pans backwards to show the back of a chair
sitting at a desk in front of the monitors.  The chair swivels around
to show a woman with silvery brown hair holding a tool in one hand
while adjusting a large mechanized glove she is wearing on her other
hand.]

SYLIA: So much work to do... [she pulls the tool away and looks at it.
 The fingers flex a few times and the sound of metal hitting metal is
heard.] ...so little time.

[SYLIA smiles evilly.  Cut to black.  Across the bottom, display the
following captions, one at a time:

		Day One: The First Spark Of Hope

		     Created by Adam Leigh

		 Executive Producer Adam Leigh

[Fade to black]
[Roll Credits]

	"Superman" is owned and distributed by DC Comics. "Tenchi Muyou" is
owned and distributed by Pioneer Entertainment.  "Bubblegum Crisis" is
currently being distributed by AnimEigo.  And of course: "Sailor Moon"
was created by Naoko Takeuchi and brought to North America by DiC and
Mixx Entertainment.  While this script contains elements from each of
these copyrighted sources, this script as a whole is copyright 1998 by
Adam Leigh.  All rights reserved.

Adam Christopher Leigh
Omicron@sprynet.com