Hi I just decided to contribute to the continuing story line that different
authors have had their hands in. I thought that since I usually miss adding
my two cents in, which now would be a good time to try it. This is
combining; Restless Spirit, Sailor Moon R 1/2, Ranma Muyo in love, Kitty
love, and probably more fics that I will come across that feature characters
in love with Ranma Saotome. I'd especially like to thank Donny for starting
and continue my source of inspiration.

I do not own any of these characters, except for any brand new characters
that I create as plot roles or some such. But then anyone can use them if
the wish. Please do not sue me, for I am just a student.

                                  The Game

                                     by

                               John E Trombley

                                   (Trom)

A small town a hundred kilometers outside of the walls of the majestic
Crystal Tokyo. Its significance greatly dwarfed by the huge city and its
occupants. In fact there was almost no reason someone would go to this small
town for any reason but one. That one reason was what at first drew the
town's people, which was what was at first just a back water town to a happy
little suburb. It was the one reason which many people tried to find the
town. Though if that person was not even trying they could. For this town
was special, it seemed to get lost for long periods of time. How can a town
get lost?

There was an old legend that the two founders of the town, seeking escape
from relentless pursuers came to this spot which would be the town. They
were mighty warriors, who lived a life of constant battle. Their skill was
so great that they could destroy whole mountain ranges with but a fraction
of their power. The two warriors have traveled long together off and on for
over a hundred years, but this would be their last journey together. For
though both had lived many years, time seemed to stand still for one of the
two warriors. Though no one new why. It was here that Old Age finally caught
up with one of the warriors and knowing that death loomed over his head,
challenged his life long friend to a final duel.

Though old age had set his teeth in him, the old man was still a force to be
reckoned with. Their battle lasted many days, both of them delivering blows
that could shatter solid steel, they battled. On the sixth and final day of
their fight, death claimed the old man. His friend cried tears of grief and
remorse, for he was finally alone. The old man was the last of his childhood
friends, while he had made more, still he could still remember the two of
them fighting in school together over little things. How both would use the
other one to judge their skills, and together they grew in the art.

It was at the location of that town that the Most Powerful martial artist in
the world buried his best friend of over two hundred years. Still not
wanting to be left alone, there he built himself a house so that he could be
close to his friend. To keep his skill up he battled those that roamed the
lawless earth for this was a time of Chaos for the world. Those who could
not protect themselves, they journeyed to live near this Master. Many were
those who went to learn from him, so that in time a town grew from its not
so simple beginnings. Many were the warlords who would try to sack the town
to gain renown for besting the towns most skilled warriors. This continued
for a hundred years until one day, The Master vanished. Many were those that
panicked, and upon hearing this news many warlords banded together to
destroy this small town. The towns' people prayed for a miracle, for though
they trusted their warriors, they did not wish their families to be
threatened. So greatly did they pray, that a spirit heard them. This spirit
has been in the town since before it's founding. It grew to love those that
would live near it and did not wish for anything to destroy that happiness.
Gathering it's strength it pushed it's soul, so much so that it enveloped
the whole town and a little beyond. It fused its spirit with the town,
allowing its aura to combine with the towns' own. Then when the Warlords
attacked, they were dismayed to find that they could not find the town. No
matter how long or hard they searched, they could not find it. Without a
town to sack they turned against each other, killing each member to the last
man. So it was that whenever an overwhelming force would threaten the town
that force could never find it. In honor of the spirit that protects them,
the people changed the name of the town and made one unbreakable law. You
Must Never Eat A Pig! The town was named HIBIKI, after the great warrior
Ryouga Hibiki whose spirit continued to protect them.

It had been many years since the person came to Hibiki, many years since he
has seen his children, grandchildren, heck even his great-grandchildren. The
one thing that Ranma Saotome never lacked was women who longed to be with
him. It seemed every other powerful individual in the universe who were
immortal chose him to be with. Wether it be Goddesses, Androids, Aliens, or
even the Sailor Scouts. He seemed to be their only constant source of
Masculine companionship. If he didn't have the Scouts after him, then it was
Urd or Skuld (whoever won that year), to a bunch of Aliens, that every once
in a while decided that they desired his company. Heck he even had the
Intergalactic Police after him on some drummed up charges, just so someone
could get to him before one of his many other suitors could. And when a
group as a whole found him! The fur really flew then.

It had gotten so bad once that the women called a truce and decided to make
things fair. That was when the Game first came into being. Whoever could
find him first was allowed one month with him without challenge from the
others. Not that they always stuck to the rules. They did not even ask his
opinion on that, nor did he denied them. For Ranma still could not bring
himself to hurt women in that way. So the first knight of Crystal Tokyo,
after leaving word with his cousin, Neo-Queen Serenity, set off on his
century long training missions, thus started the ultimate game of hide and
go seek. So he lead the life of a traveler, following his old friend
Ryouga's travel route. Being the times they are, and the power that he had
built, Ranma was no longer bound to the Earth for he had already became the
world's greatest Martial Artist, and continued to look for more challenges
in order to grow in skill. Not only did he go to other planets to look for
challenges, he also went to different planes of existence. While he did not
always win every fight that he was in (some were ties)he enjoyed all of
them. While not immortal, he was eternally young, that added to his skill
made him as close to being immortal as you can get. The battles and the Game
were what kept Saotome going all those years. For without challenge to keep
his interest, he would have long ago succumbed to boredom. The greatest
threat to all those who live long lives.

Still it was nice once and a while to visit his family. Not just those
children he had by the way of the Senshi or Goddesses, but his family from
the first part of his life. Akane, Shampoo, Ukyou, Kodachi, yes even
Kodachi; each learned that no one could truly posses Ranma, though each
could have their turn with him. For he could love each of them no less than
he did another, for there was one thing Ranma loved more than anything, and
that was his Art. I guess they should be proud of themselves, for after
them, Ranma could only find comfort in those of Goddess power-levels or
higher.

So it was that the seemingly young girl entered the town of Hibiki. She was
surprised by the progress that has been accomplished in her long periods of
absences. Where once there were just a few farms with a couple of town
houses. Now the houses were lined with streets, actual streets. While not
necessarily too close together to cause discomfort. It had a kind of homy
feel about it. On her journey through the town she watched children playing
in a very nice park, their parents chatting merrily near by. Businesses
lined a few streets selling good quality wares for reasonable prices, while
all the buildings appeared to be in good repair. Much has changed in the
time that she had been gone. Hopefully not too much. While not as large as
some cities it didn't take her long to get lost. Occasionally she would
notice something that reminded her of the past, but it was so well blended
with its environment, that she almost missed them. It was good to see the
people living in harmony with their surroundings and not trying to force
their will over the land. Well manicured lawns and small gardens seem to
brighten each home no matter how small. It seemed that everyone took at
least a little pride in the appearance of their homes.

Very embarrassed that she had to ask for directions in her own town. The
girl went up to a shopkeeper and asked for the location of the Anything-Goes
Dojo. The woman was more than happy enough to give her directions even
though she knew not whom she gave them to. It was always nice when a new
student came to study, which meant more business for the stores. Seeing as
how it always seemed hard for new students to even find the town, all were
welcome when they did. The shopkeeper gave a ruff description to the
Compound. Compound? Confused Ranma thanked the proprietor of the store and
continued her journey. She had little time, so she would make the most of
it.

Compound? What did the woman mean by that? When last Ranma left the town,
the dojo was just a few rooms for living attached to a large training hall
that opened up to a training yard. All together it was no larger than any
other medium sized dwelling. Of course that was over almost a hundred years.
He had left his two chosen students to care for the place as well as to
continue the teaching of the Art. There were barely a half dozen students
when Ranma decided to go on a training trip. (In other words, he was tired
of all the attention he was getting from his female companions and it was
time to move on.) For he could not better himself in the art without much
more challenges.

Following the directions that shopkeeper gave her, she soon came upon a
large stone wall. The size of it brought back memories of the original Kuno
compound, she shuddered at the thought of the two Kuno siblings from her
childhood. While she soon became friends with each of them, their obsessive
behavior when he had first met them still gave her the shivers. The long
wall seemed to stretch on for a whole Kilometer before turning on itself to
surround the compound. With little effort she cleared the wall, coming to
rest at its apex, she surveyed the surroundings. Many buildings were
littered evenly around the compound. Some were not that large, while one
particularly dwarfed the rest. Before continuing on she lowered her Ki so
far that it was practically nonexistent. It was then that she went among
those who carried on the Saotome legacy.

Many were those who traveled the compound. From grounds keepers to students,
all possessed to some degree martial arts experience. Passing a beginners
class, she was slightly surprised to see some adults in it. In this day and
age, to not posses martial skills could mean death. While it was not so bad
as it was in the town's infancy, still no matter how safe it seems at times,
danger can come from any direction. She grinned as a four-year-old girl
threw a middle-aged man. At least the little ones learned from it. She came
across many other different students training either on their own or in
groups of different skill, not one of them nor their instructors noticed her
in anyway.

So it was that she spent many hours observing the training techniques of the
instructors and how the students absorbed that knowledge. Eventually at her
own pace, she made her way to the largest building where she felt the
greatest amount of Ki in the compound. She considered wether or not to
present herself to the student body. Of course that would be taken out of
her hands soon enough, might as well give them a thrill, although not in
this form. His male form was older than his female and looked much more
impressive. They deserved it for what she was going to put them through.

Kasumi Saotome sighed as she contemplated the sand of the rock garden before
her. Something different would soon happen. The signs were all too evident
to one who knew where to look. While she looked nothing like the original
Kasumi Tendo, her quiet disposition mirrored her namesake almost exactly,
hence her name. Every generation had at least one child named after one of
their honored ancestors. She has a matronly look about as one who has lived
a content long life. Her blueish-black hair, slightly streaked with silver
was tied up in an orderly bun. Her head instructor's dogi while not
completely hiding her figure, it only served to enhance the slight aura of
peace and competence about her. Usually the sands helped to ease her mind
from the burden of being one of the most influential people in town.
Whenever there was a dispute that those outside the compound could not come
to terms with, they came to her for judgement.

She smiled slightly at the memory of when she bested her grandfather, to
become the head of the school. At the time she thought he was happy for her,
that she had surpassed him in skill. That was a thrill every instructor held
when a student surpassed them. Knowing that you helped nourish that
individual, bringing honor to your house as that individual excelled onward,
allowing the Art to grow stronger. It wasn't until that the townspeople
started coming to her for answers to their disputes, that she figured out
his true motives. Of course she could go to the Elders for advise, though
the final responsibility was hers. She soon came to realize why grandfather
was really happy. All he had to do nowadays was instruct some of the more
experienced students and get drunk when he felt like it. That burden of
responsibility had been passed to her. Along with the infighting within the
school, many things plagued her mind. Hopefully this change in the air would
be beneficial to the school. For she would not wish to be the Headmaster of
the school that caused that same school to split. Again her brow creased
with worry.

"What's wrong?" a voice interrupted her thoughts.

While to all outward appearances she did not move. The owner of the voice
could see every part of her body tense, ready to fight or flee depending on
situation. Reaching out with her senses both those inner and outer Kasumi
searched for the origin of the voice. Nothing. Usually she knew when anyone
came upon her, but this person hid themselves completely from her.

"I worry about the future." She kept her voice calm and collective not
wanting to show any signs of weakness to whomever that person was. As head
of the Saotome school of Anything Goes Martial Arts, she had a reputation to
uphold for the honor of her house.

"Why worry about the future when it had not happened yet?" the voice asked.
Still Kasumi could not place were the voice originated from.

"Still, one cannot remained glued to the past while going forward in life."
She shot back. Who ever the person was they would reveal themselves when
they were ready wether she wanted then to or not. "If we do not look to the
future, how can we not best determine how to evade obstacles in our life
path?"

"By always being prepared. A martial artist should be aware of their
environment at all times. He does not let new things discourage then from
their path to perfecting their art." The voice did not change at all since
speaking to her. By now she had figured that the person she was speaking to
was young and female, at least by the sound of their voice. Still that voice
held a wisdom that only came from experience.

"Who are you?" Kasumi asked, while it was rude to get right to the point
like this, much was on her mind.

"I guess I have been gone a long time from your point of view." The voice
sighed. With that Ranma-chan faded into view sitting beside her. She did not
look completely at Kasumi, seemingly seeing things that few could see.

"How?" Kasumi exclaimed shocked that this young girl could get so close to
her without her realizing it.

The girl smiled, "Just a trick I learned from an old pervert. Although I
have improved upon it." She placed her hand behind her head and laughed.
"With my kind of life, I had lots of chances to work on it."

Realization suddenly dawned on Kasumi then. She knew who this was beside
her. She just stared wide-eyed at the girl, her ancestor. Not even her
grandfather has ever seen him in his lifetime.

Ranma-chan just laughed embarrassedly at the look on her face. She hated
that, when people looked at her like she was a Kami or something. With that
she changed back to his old self. He had long ago mastered his curse and no
longer needed water to cause the change. In fact he no longer thought of it
as a curse any longer, he hasn't for the longest time.

If Kasumi wasn't shocked before, she was now. She had heard the legends. Who
hasn't? But to witness it herself. Where once sat a beautiful young red
haired girl, now sat a man seemingly in his twenties. His hair still sported
a pigtail and his face while very handsome, she knew why many longed for
him. Also there was something in the air. A smell that she couldn't place.
It started just as soon as she changed into a he. His eyes showed his true
years, while losing none of their excitement for life. After she received a
good long look, Ranma changed back to Ranma-chan. Kasumi noticed that the
smell went away with Ranma's male form.

"I am honored that you would visit us Master." Kasumi replied bowing
formally in respect. He was after all, the Grandmaster of the Anything Goes
School of Martial Arts.

"The honor is mine. I am most proud on how the school looks. You have done a
fine job keeping the art alive and well." Ranma-chan beamed in pride that a
descendent of hers was doing so well. "Still call me Ranma. After all I am
your-." Ranma-chan started counting off the generations on her fingers.
After a while she just gave up. Math was never her strong suit. "Well, just
call me Ranma. Do not call me grandma or grandpa!" she gave Kasumi a mock
scowl, before breaking off into giggles.

Soon Kasumi joined in with her honored ancestor. To tell the truth, she was
not all that she had expected. Most idols aren't. Still it was easy to see
why this person can make so many friends so easily. Heck even if you hated
him/her at first, you would at least have to respect him/her for her skill,
after that you couldn't help but eventually come to like this person. She
just had that kind of personality.

"If it is not to impudent for me to ask. Why do you stay in your female
form?" From all the legends she had heard. Early on in his life when he was
first cursed, it was his greatest desire to remove the curse and stay male
for the rest of his life.

"Ah, that's one of the reasons I am here." She stated, "Might as well get
everything out in the open right off. Well anyway there are a great many
people who are searching for me that I don't want finding me just yet." She
then grinned broadly. "Wouldn't want to make it easy on them, now would I?
Anyway my female form disrupts their tracking methods. That added to the
Town's natural ability to get lost, I figured I had a good few months to
train some of the students before they zeroed in on me."

"But, you founded this town. Wouldn't they know to look for you here?" *Yes,
things are definitely going to get interesting around here.* Kasumi thought
to herself.

"Na, I haven't been back here for ages. They probably all think that I'm in
that competition over in quadrant Sixteen-Alpha-Zulu or something." Ranma
remarked off handedly.

"Why did you not go to the competition?"

"Because that's what they expect me to do. Hey, can't become too predictable
can I? This will really throw then off my trail!" she exclaimed as if
letting Kasumi in on a private joke. Which in all actuality it was.

"Any way enough about me. Tell me about the school........"she began.

To be continued.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"This is your world man, I'm just doing a cameo."

"Mother is the name of god, on the lips of children."

Part 2 Family Reunions

The Planet Lictalon in quadrant Sixteen-Alpha-Zulu. With the exception of a
large valley surrounded by a stadium, it would not seem like it had nothing
to offer anyone. Oh sure it had the usual things a backwater planet possess,
farms, tourist traps, gambling. In fact gambling was the main source of
income for this planet.

When the planet Lictalon was added to the Jurian Empire, it held little or
no value at all to the empire. If not for the sympathy of the Emperor of the
Jurai, Lord Tenchi, the First, it would have been evacuated and then strip
mined for its resources. After long debate over a way to prove their worth
to the Empire, the people of Lictalon came upon the idea of tournaments. Not
just everyday tournament, but those of a scale that would draw the most
powerful warriors in the Universe. That was a major hindrance in their
plans. How to lure such fighters? It was a known fact that most planets
forbade blood sports. That and the fact that if warriors of that magnitude
were to do battle on a planet, said planet had with every likely hood been
destroyed by the confrontation. Which made Lictalon a prime candidate for
such a tournament, as it's gravity wells were irregular. These
irregularities Caused great increases in the gravity field around certain
points on the planet. One place in particular was subject to said gravity
wells. A valley where fighters could hone their skills, what better place to
hold a tournament. A place where no matter how much destruction was caused,
they could survive. So finding investors and fight promoters, they started
one of the galaxies most popular and dangerous fighting tournaments. One,
which every decade some of the most powerful individuals in the universe
competed. While there were regularly held yearly tournaments, the most
spectacular ones were held every decade.

The crowds were gathered before the ticket booth for the next Ginga
Tonamento; or Galaxy Tournament. Seat prices were skyrocketing, while closed
circuit holo-viewers were waiting at home, paying a whole week's wages just
to view this fight. The people of Lictalon would make enough capital from
this tournament to last them for a long, long time. Scalpers covered every
street corner, though the prices of the tickets were practically tripled.
The rubes who bought them were more than happy enough to pay the price. What
they didn't know was that those said Scalpers were controlled by the
government, who in turn handled all gambling and other criminal activities.

"Well? Have you got his scent?" A woman's impatient voice can be heard from
the crowd. "Miya! Miya!" a little creature shot back to the woman as it
tracked down her quarry.

"Hmp! I should have known he would be here. Where else would he be when not
with me?"

*giggle*

"Who asked you anyway?" she shot back as she received the telepathic message
from her spaceship/pet.

The woman went toward the ticket booth, the teller had a bored expression on
his face.

"5,000 credits for standing, 10,000 credits for......Huh? Ah, excuse me but
have I seen you before?" The teller's face crunched up in concentration for
minute before going pasty white. "Oh Kami! I-I'm sorry Madame Ryoko! Please
excuse my stupidity." The man practically prostrated himself before Ryoko.
To have a Concubine of the Royal house of Jurai come there was an honor, to
insult that person could draw the wrath of the government. Ryoko was
especially well known for her bouts of violence. The person who insulted her
could expect to be in hospital if that person was lucky, the morgue if not
so lucky.

"Well yes, you should be. Anyway have the Royal booth prepared for me and my
friend here." With this, Ryoko pointed at Ryo-Ohki who was sitting patiently
at her feet. *Miya, purr.* "Oh ya, and make sure there are plenty of carrots
in the booth. Ryo-Ohki needs to refuel."

"Yes Madame, very good Madame." The teller humbled himself before her. When
she turned away to leave, he called his manager to tell of the royal
concubine's arrival. That caused new hysteria around the ring, as the
spoiled rich brat who bribed someone so that he could show off in front of
his new girlfriend, was dumped unceremoniously out of the Royal chamber.

Galaxy Police detective third-class Yutaka Harada sighed as her looked at
the screen before her. Once again there was a warrant out for the arrest of
the human, Ranma Saotome. She just wished that when the Royal Jurai Princess
wanted her lover she wouldn't involve the Galaxy Police. Still their word
was law no matter how idiotic it was. *Where was I?* Known aliases; Ranko
Tendo, along with numerous other names that in one way or another were
linked to his/her past. *huh? His/her past?* reviewing her files on the
subject she came upon Curse. "Damn, that'll make it harder to find him." Now
more than any time, the young leonine regretted her telling off her superior
officer. The reason she was given this assignment was because nobody else
wanted it. And as the Earthers say 'shit rolls down hill', she just happened
to be at the bottom. *Well back to the hunt.*

The catacombs beneath the Coliseum were thick with tension. Today was the
day that many of the younger fighters were waiting for. To pit their
abilities again the best in the galaxy. Some of those that were fighting
tonight were those of legends. Heros or Villains that the young fighters
grew up either idolizing or fearing. Either way, they were those that
inspired them on in their lives.

Kiyone sat in a lotus meditation position, she wouldn't admit it to anyone
but she was nervous. This was her first intergalactic tournament. Oh sure
she's been in enough tournaments on other, smaller planets to be experienced
in battle, but this was galactic. She would be competing against
Super-Aliens and Creatures of Magic. Those with natural magical abilities
combined with years at honing their skills to near perfection. Opening her
eyes she glanced down where two bracers adorned her arms. They were a gift
from her Master. Her Master and her ancestor. Her family were some of the
few who left their mother planet, Earth, centuries ago. They had colonized a
planet just outside the Jurian/Earth border.

Life was good for the people. While it took time and scientific
experimentation for them to adapt to the planet's greater gravity and lower
level of breathable atmosphere, like the true pioneers they were, they
survived. Over the centuries, they even prospered. So much so that they drew
the attention of those they could have done without. Space Pirates, the scum
of the galaxy. They would find worlds abundant with wealth then pillage it.
Their ferocity were legend, so much so that the Galaxy Police itself, was
hard put to capture them.

It was a night that she could never forget. Living in the Capital, they were
those that were hit first. The Pirates uncloaked just outside the atmosphere
before launching the carriers filled with the worst that the galaxy had to
offer. Long having been a place of peace, the capital was quickly taken.
After twenty-four hours of terror, the planet was taken. She was just a
child at the time, barely three years old. Almost not old enough to remember
such things, but she could never forget. The citizens were split up into
groups that were given to separate captains.

She was fortunate that she was in a group that was given to a humanoid
captain. For there were groups that never even made it to the Alien
captain's ship. For those aliens dined on them, a more grizzly sight she
would never again wish to witness in her life. Still there were those that
did worse than eat the settlers. They crushed them, body and soul. They were
soon to join them when Kiyone's father tried something that most in an age
of science would not. Taking a family heirloom that had been in their
possession for ages, he read aloud the plea for help for those of their
line. Then ripping open his finger and dripping blood onto the parchment, he
then burnt it. He had all those there hold hands while again he spoke aloud
his plea.

"Honored ancestor, you whose love transcends time and space. I Masaka Kuten
of the house of Kuonji cry for your aide in this our time of greatest need!
Please help us!"

The rest of the group added their voice to that, creating a chant. "Please
help us! Please help us!" This went on for hours. Until just before the rise
of the second moon, a slight glow began to grow around the flames of the
parchment. A few of those who were chanting were faulting at the sight.
Kiyone's father just spurred them on to continue. The glow grew to the point
that a human figure began to show. Many were disappointed that this
seemingly twenty-ish person came forth from the light. With black hair tied
up into a pigtail and muscles that seemed to dance upon his frame. He looked
even younger than her father. It was when he opened his eyes of purest blue
did one see the power that lie hidden in this person. Her father, the
strongest man she had ever known got down on his knees and cried tears of
happiness. He kept on thanking the man for coming to aide them. After
looking over the group assembled he bent down and put a hand on her father's
shoulder. When her father looked into the man's eyes his back suddenly
straitened. He knew that this was not someone who wished to be groveled
before. Masaka got to his knees and stared at the man as an equal does not
as one who wished to thank his god.

The man and her father soon held a conference of war. They would save their
people no matter what the cost. Kiyone fell asleep long before anything was
decided. She had awakened to the sounds of battle as the Man who came to
save them along with the young men and women fought the crew of the Space
Rapture, those that held their leases or so they thought. The fight was
quick and fierce, the group worked with an efficiency that bordered on the
lines of those desperate to survive. When the Space Rapture's captain had
been taken. Rather than lose face before their fellow scum, the captains of
the remaining ships challenged the Man who came to save them. He accepted
their challenges stating that should he win their men would leave this
world. They agreed.

It was in the center square of the capital that the battle took place. All
the captains of the ships were there waiting for our champion. They laughed
at what they would do with him. They claimed that they would make it slow
and painful. Some of the younger captains still laughed when he appeared on
the field. A Human would fight them? It was to laugh. Those that have seen
more experience knew the trouble they were in. If not for the lose of face
that they would receive if they declined to do battle, they would have fled
right there and then. To command a crew of cutthroats you had to be more of
a cutthroat or else they would tear them apart. Energy swords, blasters,
disrupters, if it was portable and a weapon they had one. The champion? He
had nothing. He just stood there and observed his opponents, looking for any
kind of weaknesses.

As soon as the start of the fight was signaled, the champion reacted
instantly.

"Tsumetei Arashi(1)!" He shouted. As a glacier of ice flew from his hands,
instantly freezing a dozen of the captains. The group as a whole let loose
on the champion, but he was no longer there. Looking around they finally
noticed him on the other side of the clearing. A huge grin on his face, as
again let loose a loud cry.

"Hi Ryu Shoten Ha!" He shot his fist into the air as if he were doing an
uppercut. A tornado sized wind rocketed at the Space captains. Lifting all
but the two Iwa hito or stone men, whose granite like mass saved them the
fate of the others. After the wind died down, those that were frozen in the
first attack, crashed to the ground, shattering in a million pieces. Those
that were not, slowly raised themselves to their feet. With just two attacks
Ranma had reduced his opponents numbers by half. Waiting for them to regain
their feet, Ranma surveyed his handiwork. When the group seemed as if they
would attack, he blurred. To Kiyone's young untrained eyes, she could not
see Ranma as he brought the battle up close and personal.

"BAKUSAI TENKETSU Force wave!" with that shout both of the stone men
exploded. Next, four more fell before Ranma's fists and feet of justice. By
then only six remained standing. Seeing the efficiency by which their
comrades were defeated, they quickly threw down their weapons and begged for
mercy. Ranma being one who valued life in all its forms, let them leave in
one of their ships, keeping the rest as victory spoils. Taking their men
with them, they left the planet. The people all cheered at their salvation,
unfortunately it was short lived. For the pirates could not let them live
while they possessed such shame. They powered up their main batteries and
fired upon the city, creating a great crater, killing hundreds more. Before
they could fire another shot again. Ranma who was enraged at their dishonor,
let loose a blast that seared the heavens.

"Okii MOKO TABISHA!(2)" A column of yellow energy was released from Ranma's
hands as he let loose this powerful and deadly technique. Soon after the
energy trail dissipated, a large explosion could be seen in the sky above.
It was the pirate's ship. Every Pirate who invaded Kiyone's home world was
destroyed.

Both of her parents died in that final blast from the pirate's ship. But the
bonds of blood are strong in Ranma Saotome, for he knew one of his own when
he saw them. Kiyone was a descendant of his by Ukyou Kuonji, his best
childhood friend. He took her under his wing and raised her, for no one else
could. All had suffered greatly from the attack and it would take some time
before order could be restored.

For fifteen long years Kiyone trained under 'Uncle Ranma'. She grew into a
beautiful young woman, with long red hair which she bound up in a pigtail
like her uncles. From a distance it would be hard to tell Ranma-chan and
Kiyone apart. When getting closer a person would have noticed the
differences. Kiyone's eyes were green where Ranma's were blue. Kiyone also
had a light sprinkling of freckles.

Ranma always commented on how great it was training on that planet with it's
greater gravity and lower atmospheric conditions. It was all she ever knew,
so that when Ranma brought her to another planet she had to be careful not
to needlessly destroy anything. As her genetically enhanced body let her
learn the Art at a greater pace. While Ranma did not always stay with her,
he always came back to be with her. He was the only constant in her life,
the one thing she could count on. But now she had to set her own way. Giving
her his gauntlets that he had possessed for a lifetime, Ranma left her to
her ways. Although he would not admit it, he kept on hinting to her that she
should enter into the Ginga Tonamento. He told such tales of battle and
comradeship in such a tournament, that her eye's sparkled when he spoke of
them. So that when it finally came around, she entered though she was only
twenty-two. To prove to herself that she could go the distance and to make
her 'Uncle' proud.

Neo-Queen Serenity watched on with humor as her honor guard and best friends
squabbled in front of her. Their forever youthful faces, darkened with
anger. One especially upset individual, Rei's tongue flashed like the
sharpest blade. Her voice rising with every word.

"But it was supposed to be my turn this month!" Not one of her
friends/rivals backed down from her stare, having long learned to deal with
it.

"Well in all fairness, he has been gone for a while. Not to mention the
others who try to have claim on him." Amy put in. Her face was also flushed
with anger. Still it did not mean that she had to act like a shrew about it
like the others.

"Your Majesty!" Rei whined to her Queen. "We had long ago decided on a
schedule for the time-sharing. It's not my fault that he wasn't here when
the others' turn were up. Now that he has returned to Earth, I think I
should have my turn."

"Oh? And how did you know he had returned?" Serenity asked, humor can be
heard in her voice. Rei blushed, then mumbled something.

"What was that?" Makoto asked.

"I said that I did a fire reading. OK?" Rei practically shouted at the girl.

"And when were you going to tell us that?" Minako asked.

Serenity barely stifled a giggle. This was the most fun she had in almost a
decade. She looked up as she heard laughter coming from the entrance to the
main hall. There, Michiru and Hakura stood. Having each other, they did not
contribute to the melee in progress. That didn't mean they couldn't enjoy it
though.

"Your Majesty! Please! It's been quiet lately. Please tell me where he is. I
know you know." Rei asked.

"Oh? And how come you can't find him with your fire?" Minako teased her.

"You know that I can't find him when he's in his cursed form." Rei shot back
acidly.

"That just proves that he's hiding. If he wanted to be found he wouldn't be
using it." Ami tried to reason with the group. "Obviously he is keeping to
the letter of the agreement with the others."

"He's still upset we didn't discuss it with him when we made up the game."
Makoto put in.

"Well it seems that we're one step ahead the others. We all thought he was
at that tournament." Hotaru put in her two cents. "You know how he lives to
test himself against others." Everyone in the room sighed at that. They all
knew Ranma too well for their own good.

"This way we'll get a head start on the others. Kami knows we'll need it."
The last part Makoto mumbled.

"Your Majesty, Serenity, please can you at least give us a hint?" Minako
pleaded.

Serenity made as if it was scandalous to even ask that. That was until she
burst out laughing. It was too much, Hakura and Michiru joined in with their
Queen, laughing so much their sides hurt.

"When I talked to Ranma last month, oops!" Serenity made as if she had just
blurted out the world's greatest secret.

"Last Month!" the four girls practically shouted at her, then remembering
themselves blushed deeply murmuring apologies.

"What a minute. If he was here last month then that means he's still in the
country!" Rei exclaimed. The whole group made as if to begin speaking at
once, but were cut off by Serenity.

"Yes I give you all permission to search for him. You all need a vacation
anyway." she laughed as the group bowed before her and quickly exited the
audience hall. Makoto practically knocking the others out of the way in her
haste. They would check in with their children before running off, that
Serenity was sure of. If anything was said about Ranma, he sure wasn't
sterile. Ranma has at latest count thirty-four children, all of them girls.
Though he would not say anything Ranma, everyone was sure he wanted a son.
Not that he didn't love any of his children any less, it was just his sexist
attitude.

A lone figure walked the fields just north of Crystal Tokyo. She paused to
observe her surroundings. She was close, she could tell. Nuku-Nuku scanned
the region, though it was faint, there were still slight traces of her
quarry. Almost too faint, the previous storm almost washed away any traces
of him.

"Yeah!!" she squealed aloud. She then sent her sensors to full scan before
continuing her search. Soon she would find Ranma, and then show him the
modifications that she had received from Washu. She practically glowed with
happiness.

>From her dimensional pocket, Washu kept tabs on Ryoko and Nuku-Nuku. Not
that they knew it, but she had planted tracking devices in them. Now all she
had to do was wait until they got near enough for her to detect Ranma, then
she would get there before they did. She had many tests she wanted to
perform on Ranma, that and she didn't want to lose to those other women.
With that thought, she laughed her mad scientist diabolical laugh.
"Hahaha........."

"One, two, three, shoot!" called out two women. They were both shaking their
fists at each other. They then threw out fingers, as they called out
"SHOOT!" The taller of the two put out two fingers, while the shorter one
put out three.

"Ha! Odds, I win!" Skuld shouted joyfully, then preceded to do a short dance
of joy. While she was no longer a child anymore, she still looked very young
and mature at the same time.

"Hmp!" Was all Urd said as she went off to sulk and get drunk. She hated
losing to her little sister. *I wonder what Balder is doing?* She then went
off to find comfort elsewhere.

Skuld then went to her computer terminal and proceeded to hack into
Yggdrasill. She entered in [Ranma Saotome] what was read back: status
[Ultra-powerful human] location [Japan] coordinates [43.2..] "Wha?" *I was
cut off!*

"SKULD!" She cringed as a voice spoke into her head.

"Yes, Kami-sama?" She asked guiltily.

"YOUR CHEATING AGAIN AREN'T YOU." It was a statement not a question.

"Uhmm. I'm just giving myself a ace in the hole." she answered quietly.

"YOU HAVE AS MUCH INFORMATION AS YOU NEED."

"Yes Sir." she replied meekly. At least she had what information she did.
She was sure she was one up on the competition. With that she went to check
up with Belldandy and her husband, telling them she would be Earth-side for
a while. Ranma would be all hers this time.

Kato grunted in the effort it took to try to lift the boulder from its
resting place. While being much smaller than some that he lifted in the
past, the boulder still refused to move. It was if the boulder itself did
not wish to be removed from this spot.

"Damn!" he muttered under his breath. For the last hour he had tried to move
this head-sized boulder from it's centuries long resting spot. He just
couldn't understand why the thing refused to move. Kato was sure that he was
the strongest fighter in his generation. He had proved it time and time
again by destroying boulders many times larger than this one. Still no
matter how hard he tried, he could not destroy this one. Heck he couldn't
even move it. It was very discouraging.

"How long are you going to do that?" An exasperated voice called from behind
him.

"Do what?" he shot back innocently. He wouldn't admit it, but he loved to
get a rise out of that particular person behind him.

"Play with that infuriating rock?!" the girl exclaimed. Anger causing her to
raise her voice. She didn't know how he did it, but it seemed like
everything time he did something, he did it to irritate her.

"Heh!" With that Kato raised from his crouched position at the boulder and
turned to look at his friend and rival, Nasuko.

Like everyone else who resided in the Anything Goes compound. Nasuko was a
martial artist. While Kato relied heavily on his strength and constitution,
Nasuko used her speed and agility to win her matches.

"I know its around here somewhere." Kato kicked the rock. "This is the only
clue that I could find."

"Well I think its just a myth." Nasuko tried to taunt Kato, knowing full
well that she would fail. Kato not only had the strength of the earth
spirits, he also had the patience and stability of it too. Still, it was
Nasuko's life long goal get a rise out of him. "It's just something
Grandfather made up to impress the children."

Kato sighed, this was an old conversation for them. Nasuko was like the wind
spirit. Fast and flowing, with a personality to match. One minute calm and
gentle as a spring breeze, and then without warning can be as hostile as a
tornado. Though at times she can be aggravating, he wouldn't change her for
anything. It was what made her, her.

Before either one of them could continue, the dinner gong sounded. As if a
starting gun was fired off, the two young people took off. As martial
artists they burned a lot of calories. They had to constantly consume
nutrients to keep up their high performance levels. And in a compound with
at any time there could be twenty to fifty such martial artists, you had to
be quick to get the best seats in the dinner hall. So they had to hurry to
get to it.

There were murmurs of conversation as members of the household and students
sat at the long table in the center of the dinner hall. One table at the end
helped to make a 'T' formation. The longer part being were the students and
junior members of the household ate. Where at the head table those of
respect, masters, Grandparents, etc. Those that had earned the honor to
position themselves there.

As two of the finest students of the school, Kato and Nasuko were placed
close to the head table, though not at it. As usual the places were already
set, as Yoshihiro's staff were very efficient, he wouldn't have them any
other way. For Yoshihiro prided himself on maintaining the household and
living arrangements, and he kept a tight ship. Not only were that places
neat, they were also eye appealing as well.

After a few minutes the gong sounded a second time. The two rivals looked to
the doorway to watch for the stragglers to arrive. Most of them being the
younger students. They were directed to the kitchens to help in serving the
meal. The two senior students laughed silently at their misfortune. They
would learn to be faster when the meal gong sounded.

They waited until the elders were seated before helping themselves to the
meal. While many made a pretense of having manners while some just stuffed
their faces as if they would never have another meal. Nasuko being one of
them. Kato just watched her from the corner of his eyes, having long gotten
use to her eating habits. He also knew that if he did not pay attention, she
would help herself to his servings.

Kato was interrupted from his vigilance by another one of his
rivals/friends, Misuteri. Like her name implied she was a mystery. Relying
mainly on the art of misdirection when it came to battle. You never knew
when or where she would strike during a duel. Soft spoken and quiet as a
church mouse, she shocked him when she touched Kato's arm to get his
attention. Glancing her way, he was distracted long enough for Nasuko take
choice pieces of his meal. Looking at his plate then at Nasuko's grin, he
scowled at Misuteri.

"Thanks a lot." He muttered sarcastically. Then knowing that she wouldn't
have interrupted him if it wasn't important. "What is it?"

Misuteri just pointed to the head table. After quickly scarfing down his
meal so Nasuko wouldn't steal it. He looked where she had indicated. As far
as he could tell, nothing was different. It looked like grandpa Sioki was
missing, but that wasn't anything new. He was probably still recovering from
a hangover.

"What? I don't see anything." Glancing her way for her to explain.

"There. Next to Master Kasumi. The girl." She tended to use as few words as
possible to get her point across.

"Huh." Kato looked closer. There. How could he have missed her? It seemed
that if you didn't look directly at her you wouldn't even notice her. Red
hair. Blue eyes. Two definite family traits. He leaned over to Nasuko to get
her attention away from her meal.

"What do think Nat? An amazon?" Which wouldn't have been strange for the
Saotome family had a few members still in the Chinese tribes. Ranko,
great-granddaughter of Shampoo's great-granddaughter, Chia-lao should have
had a child by now. Maybe that was her. They sometimes sent their children
over to Japan so that she could witness her heritage. And get a husband.
After a couple generations the bloodline is thin enough to allow breeding
with other distant family members.

Around a mouth full of rice. "I dom mow."

Those around her just looked at her in disgust.

"Don't forget to breath Nasuko."

"Say it don't spray it."

"She better not choke again, the last time she did, we were all scrubbing
the floor from her mess."

These comments made them the receiving end of a dark glance from Nasuko,
which caused the taunters to look back into their plates to avoid looking
directly at her. Not that they were afraid of her, it was just that she was
the vindictive type. There was no telling when she would pay them pack. She
swallowed before continuing on.

"Why looking to get hitched?" While she was curious as the next person she
still couldn't resist putting in a barb.

It was not their place to interrupt the meal by asking questions. Still, the
Master wouldn't deny them any questions. She was always telling them to come
to her or one of the other masters when ever they had any questions. So
until after the meal they would just have to wait.

Part 3 The Chase is on

Galaxy Police Detective third-class Yutaka Harada was many things, being
patient was not one of them. And patience was what it took to track down one
of the galaxy's most powerful fighters. It was fortunate that the suspect in
question would not resist with deadly force. Still it would take long
undercover work to trap him.

So here she was, pushing a cart underneath the stadium. Even the most
powerful warriors in the galaxy sweated, and when they did they would need
towels.

*Stupid headquarters! Making me a towel girl.* If Yutaka was an ESPer than
headquarters would have been destroyed long ago. Before she could think more
dark thoughts at her superiors, she was called for to do her job.

"Here Kitty, Kitty." A deep baritone voice attracted the young Leonine's
attention. She was about to send a scathing remark back at the person. That
was until she got a good look at him. A Grimbor, one of a race of extremely
large gorilla people with horns extended from their brow. As could be
expected from their size, they were very skilled in all areas of combat.

"Yes Sir. Would you be needing a towel sir?" She handed him a towel. It
would not look good to have her hospitalized during a mission from not being
able to keep her temper. While she was very good in personal combat. She was
no were near any of these fighters level. The Grimbor probably thought she
would make a good warmup exercise before his match.

"Thanks." With that the Grimbor threw his towel, damp with sweat on to the
detective.

*I hate my life.*

Ami watched merrily as her teammates and long time friends, launched into
the air. Each in their individual separate direction. They had no idea were
Ranma was, and yet they would go bounding off in a fruitless search for him.
With neither rhyme nor reason her four companions spread out in four equal
directions to scour the face of Japan. You'd think that after all this time
they would learn. Flipping open her computer she entered in all variable
data. Over the centuries her computer had received so many upgrades that it
rivaled everyone known on the planet. Narrowing down the parameters to the
area of Japan. Ruling out Crystal Tokyo, for if he was here everyone would
already know about it. That left many, many likely places for him to be at.
For Ranma lived to improve his martial skills. In fact many of those
training grounds were where the others left for. As they also shared his
thrill of improving their martial skills, although with a less determined
purpose. Still, Ranma wouldn't pass over his children just to train. *Hmm...
Children?* With that Ami ran more figures through computer. She knew
eventually Brain would win over brawn.

[Crunch! Crunch!] 'Hick! Hick!'

"Ha! I told you not to eat those so fast." Ryoko smirked at the Cabbit as it
started draining her water bowl, in an effort to stop her hiccups.

[Booom.....Booom] Two loud gongs sounded the beginning of the tournament.

"Alright! Finally some action!" With that she placed her feet on a cushion,
made sure the munchies were close by and settled in to watch the greatest
fighting tournament in this decade.

*Ahh...now this is the life.*

The first match of the Ginga Tonamento was held between; Deubleo the Gromek.
Three meters tall and weighing in at Three hundred and sixty kilograms. That
added to it's one point five meter wingspan, talons, horns and an
animalistic head lead to an impressive creature. The Gromeks as a species
were very warlike. Where the average Gromek was impressive, this monster
stepping into the ring was truly a sight. Deubleo was one of the best that
race has ever produced. What would you expect in this tournament? Only the
best of the best were competing.

His opponent, a Maxpary. Male? Female? Who could tell with this race. What
could be expected was that it was a Warlock, a magic user. It wasn't
surprising that there would be magic users in the tournament. As nothing is
illegal in these fights, with the exception of planet destroying weapons.
TRIP GADJET What ever that means in there strange language. They were truly
grotesque humanoids, covered with plated scales with talons on their feet
and hand appendages. They were like something out of a nightmare. TRIP
GADJET was an especially gruesome specimen. One point five meters tall and
weighting in at one hundred thirty-five kilograms.

While the Gromek towered over the Maxpary, it was still anybodies fight. In
fact the odds were five to one against the Gromek. As the gravity wells in
the ring made it too difficult for him to fly. The best he could was glide,
and not for any great length of time at that. Still with a growl the Gromek
leaped at the Maxpary his maces raised high in a feint attack. As a
Maxpary's was practically immune to all poisons, a gas attack was the first
trip up it's sleeve.

Of course the Gromek expected this as he beat his wings to clear the air
around him. Although he couldn't fly did not mean that he couldn't use his
wings. While doing that he let loose a sonic screech that caused the Maxpary
to be thrown backwards.

The audience watched for any weakness in either of the contestants, for
these were just the first blows of the battle. Each and everyone routing for
their favorite, holding ticket stubs in their hands, as each fight could
make or break their life savings.

The Gromek didn't give the Maxpary the chance to recover from the sonic
attack earlier and leapt to the offence. If he wished to have any chance at
all he would have to strike fast and quick or else the Maxpary would summon
his magic to hinder him.

The Maxpary reacted instinctively as the Gromek pressed his advantage. Using
a trait common to all it's kind it borrowed into the earth to get a moments
breather. While the Gromek had expected this tactic he wasn't prepared for
when the Maxpary used it. Just as soon the Maxpary was fully submerged into
the earth the Gromek backed away ready for an attack from any direction,
including down.

The Gromek didn't leap away in time for the column of earth that erupted
right behind him. It seemed that the Maxpary was trying to damage the
Gromek's wings, he succeeded too. For the Gromek's right wing had a long
gash down it. That took away one of his advantages, air superiority.

Still the Maxpary did not raise from the earth. The Gromek would have to be
quick and careful if he wanted any chance at winning the round at all. With
that he ran toward the hole where the Maxpary first disappeared into. Energy
crackled around him as he built up his power and let loose a sonic scream
into the Maxpary made cavern. This caused the earth to collapse on itself as
the tunnel caved in on itself. This left an impression of the Maxpary within
the loose dirt covering it, as it tried to borrow deeper. The Gromek struck
down with his talons and hooking the Maxpary around neck and pulling him out
of the earth. Keeping to his advantage the Gromek slammed the Maxpary in the
earth a couple of times to daze it.

It looked like the Maxpary was reeling from the blows while in fact he was
casting a spell. Wisps of smoke exited his mouth and crawled up the Gromek's
arm toward his face. The Gromek screamed in pain as he threw his opponent
onto the ground to put some distance between them. Looking at his arm where
the smoke curled around it, the flesh was eaten away completely leaving the
muscle showing in plain view. Of course this just made the crowd more
excited. The Maxpary didn't remain un-scratched. Not a few of it's plates
were cracked and blood flowed clearly down his back.

Not letting the lose of one arm hinder him, the Gromek raised his good arm
with the mace still in to finish his opponent. Leaping up to attach himself
with the column of earth to gain some altitude. Then with a loud shriek
propelled himself Weapon first at his opponent. The Gromek seemed to turn
into a bolt of lightning striking the Maxpary. A huge explosion sent the
Maxpary hurtling across the field.

The Maxpary recovered and sent a bolt of pure energy at the Gromek, which
was deflected off the Gromek's mace. While an impressive attack, it was just
a distraction. For the ground at the Gromek's feet suddenly turned to
quicksand. The Gromek had to use his good arm to anchor himself, leaving him
open to attack. Which the Maxpary obliged him with as the previous column of
earth started to topple over onto the helpless Gromek.

Risking permanent damage to his injured arm, the Gromek gathered his power
and with a blast from said arm, launched himself at the column of toppling
earth. Just before colliding with the column he smashed it with his
remaining mace. A cloud of dust covered the whole field for a few minutes.
The Maxpary used this to its advantage to have the dust form into a skin
flaying twister. The Gromeks screams of pain as half of the top layer of his
skin was peeled off. Fortunately for him, the Maxpary has used a
considerable amount of magical energy and couldn't maintain it.

Quickly taking advantage of his in air position, the Gromek came down feet
first onto the Maxpary's back. The sound of armor being ripped, as the
Gromek's feet talons dug into the Maxpary's hide.

Both opponents then fell back to get a breather and access their opponents
for any weaknesses. Seeming to be desperate, the Maxpary started lobbing off
more force bolts, which the Gromek constantly deflected with his mace. He
would wait until the Maxpary had used all his energy at this seemingly
useless effort. When the Maxpary dropped from exhaustion, the Gromek knew
his chance was upon him. With a mammoth yell he leapt onto the Maxpary's
back, only to have his mace break on his adversaries hide. The Maxpary had
turned his hide to the hardest stone to stay off the blow. After the
continuous barrage of force bolts and the blow to granite like-hide of the
Maxpary, put enough pressure onto the base of the mace to cause it to snap
off. That was it, it was over.

With the destruction of the Gromek's honor weapon it was all over. For the
Gromek code of philosophy was similar to that of the ancient samurai, when
their weapon broke, it meant that their spirit had weakened for a moment.
That moment was all it took for the weapon to mirror that spirit. His
resolve had weakened at that point and he left the arena his head bowed in
defeat. The Maxpary knew his enemy well. For though his attacks seemed
pointless they were quite the contrary, very useful. He made a gamble that
his plan would work. In the end it took wits not strength and speed to win
that fight. But would the rest?

It took awhile for the Maxpary to regain it's footing, but it was proud and
the crowd howled at his victory. He was helped out of the arena by
attendants, and the arena was made ready for the next fight.

"Ah! What a gyp! He had it in the bag!" Ryoko exclaimed, pointing to the
retreating form of the Gromek.

"Miya!" The Cabbit put in.

"Ya, Ya, you won that one. But the fights have just started. So who do like
in the next fight?" Ryoko looked at the list of contestants.

"Towel girl! Get over here and wipe up this blood!" Yutaka swallowed the
bile threatening to rise in her throat, as she carried a load of towels over
to loser. First handing one to him so that he could stop the bleeding of his
arms. She dropped the rest on the ground to soak up the blood that pooled
there. The scent of it stung her sensitive nostrils, causing tears to form
on her eyes. It was then her task to carry those used towels to the
cleaners. Getting the blood all over her in the process.

*I hate my life.*

Nuku-Nuku was confused for the past few hours, every time she thought she
was on Ranma's trail. It would suddenly shift on her. It was like the ground
itself moved around trying to confuse her. It was hard for her cybernetic
system to comprehend the Lost Aura of the town of Hibiki. Still even after
hundreds of years, Nuku-Nuku still had her cheerful personality. She knew
that she would find Ranma eventually all she had to do was be patient. And
for someone who has lived for centuries patience was something she had a
great deal of.

Misuteri panted from exertion as she finished the complicated Kata that the
Master had shown her just that evening. While in itself it was not difficult
to preform. It was the spiritual part of the form of the Kata, which was
most taxing part about it. Where the Master had learned it she didn't know,
nor did she ask. She would be told when it was her time. Why did she teach
it now? Probably had to with that new girl at the head table today. This new
technique allowed her to be practically unnoticeable. For some reason it
seemed that their training has increased. While she was looking forward to
the challenge. She couldn't help but wonder what the reason for.

Ranma-chan watched as the children played after a lesson. Even their play
was training as was hers when she was their age. The delight they took at
every new thing that they learned about their world. Every rock was an
island from which they could explore. Every tree, a mountain to climb. Not
yet old enough to know the real evils of the world or their places within it
as it's future defenders. With all probability any one of these children
could be a descendant of hers. It was another probability she would never
again see anyone of them after she left here, to continue on her training
journey. Looking over at Kasumi. So much like the one he knew in his younger
days. How she loved being with the children. A mother to those who didn't
have one, and an aunt to those that did.

"Ranma?" Kasumi inquired noticing the attention she was receiving.

"Hmm?" Ranma just seemed to be seeing beyond herself at the moment.

"What are you thinking about?" What would the Grandmaster of Anything Goes
Martial Arts be thinking of. The wisdom of the centuries. The new fighting
techniques she could be inspired to create just by watching the rainfall.
Philosophies of the ages.

"Just remembering the great Sukiyaki Kasumi used to make." This caused
Kasumi to face fault.

"What?" The great and all powerful Martial Arts Master just remembering a
favorite food?

"Yea. We didn't have it many times but when we did." Ranma seemed to be
inhaling as if smelling it all over again. "Pop and I wouldn't have time to
even fight over it. The first time we did, the rest of the family ate it all
up only leaving noodles for us. Ever since then as soon as dinner was
announced we dove right in. Heh. Of course Akane would get mad over my
eating habits. She was always mad in that first year that I had meet her."
She just drifted off thinking about the past.

"Were you not the one to say, that we should not remain in the past but to
look to the now?" Kasumi was finally getting to realize the personality of
her Master. With the exception of the Art, all else took a back seat in
Ranma's life. To keep such high spirits when you watched many of your
friends grow old and die on you. It was nothing short of a miracle that he
hasn't gone insane. Of course no one really thought Ranma was all there to
begin with.

"Heh. Still it wouldn't do to forget your past either." Again Ranma turned
his attention to the children playing.

"How many stay?" The question caught Kasumi off guard for a moment. Then
looking where Ranma looked, knew what she was asking.

"Every generation or so two or three stay. Almost all of them leave, to grow
in the art by themselves. Only a few come back to stay permanently. I
remember my journey." She looked at Ranma-chan from the corner of her eyes.
"Actually I went searching for you." Seeing the smile form on Ranma's face.
"A few every generation look for you. Wondering if it was just a fable on
how you still lived. Everyone thought they would be the one to find you,
then that you would teach the person who did techniques that the world has
never seen. You were like the Lamia on top of the mountain."

"I am a hard person to track down aren't I?" Ranma then chuckled. Then
jumped up and walked over to the children. They continued on with their
games until Ranma picked up a rock about the size of a melon and started
bouncing it from foot to foot to knee. Like it was a hacky-sack. The
children were delighted at this new game and went in search of their own
rocks to play with.

Ranma noticing some of the older students watching her also. She waited a
few minutes and then when the rock was in midair spun around and shattered
it with simple spin kick. None of the pieces flew away, but just stayed
there in the air before falling to the earth. She didn't have to look to
know that the older students were going to find their own rocks to practice
with. With a grin on her face she turned back to Kasumi.

Kasumi also had a grin on her face. She loved to teach also, and loved it
even better when she taught them without the student knowing about it. When
you get to a certain age these little things are what makes you're life
happy. After a while material possessions mean nothing to what you have in
your heart. She alone having lived fifty years has amassed quite a bit of
treasure and wealth. She could only imagine what Ranma could have collected
over the years that would have seen worthless at the time, but would be
worth a kingdom's ransom now. There were things of such great wealth that
many has tried to find in that compound itself. His vault. The vault. Like
Odin in ancient myths, there were those who would give anything for just
five minutes in the vault. Techniques so deadly that they were sealed away
so that they could never be used again. Forms so mysterious that they were
thought to be only tall tales. To see the vault with her own eyes. Kasumi
knew she could die happily having known that she might actually be able to
set her eyes on its wealth.

"Why have you waited in teaching the more advanced techniques?" The question
seemed to shock Kasumi out of her thoughts.

"With the exception of that technique you showed that girl in the evening, I
haven't seen any of the students or teachers doing any of the more advanced
techniques." This is what Ranma feared. That down through the generations,
the techniques would be lost. There were no longer a need for such powerful
techniques that they would be forgotten. For the world is no longer as
dangerous as it once was. Still the student's skills were great more than
enough for challengers. They just needed help reaching the next level.

"Only some of the elders possess even the slightest hints at some the
techniques told in legend." This was a good way to go. While she was shamed
for the loss of knowledge down the ages. Now was a chance to learn it all a
new. This time the knowledge would survive in the younger generation.

"I can tell that they are using their Ki to enhance their physical
abilities. There is so much more. I just hope I have enough time to teach
it." With the two of them walked back to the main building. There was much
to do and little time to do it in.

Washu checked her monitors. It seemed that Nuku-Nuku had hit a wall in her
search, where as Ryoko has become engrossed in the tournament. Her blood
lust showing through. *Well time to take a more active part.* Of course what
Washu meant, was for her to find another way to get someone else to do the
job for her. So with that she hacked into Sailor Mercury's personal computer
and down loaded all the information the girl put in it. She wasn't the
number one scientist in the universe for nothing you know. That out of the
way were continued to work on her newest project that would test Ranma's
level. She knew how much he loved to test himself. So humming to herself
merrily she continued on her task at hand.

Chapter 4 Growing Relations

The next part of the tournament would be a team match. A lottery was held in
the beginning of the tournament. Although some matches had to be reassigned
as some of the contestants wouldn't team up with certain other contestants.
As their sets of beliefs and morals differed so much that they would end up
killing each other if possible.

Kiyone was teamed up with a Ki-Lin, a part horse/part dragon creature of
great good. Their opponents, a Kelpie and a Puck. Two of the most evil races
ever created. The Kelpie a half horse/half humanoid being. Something like a
knight in a game of chess, only with a wicked grin on it's horse-like
muzzle. They attack using their great strength, attacking with claw, hoof,
and teeth. The Puck was like an evil Satyr, although with longer horns on
his head. The odds for this fight was drastically in the Kelpie and Puck's
favor. With twenty to one odds on the outcome. The evil and pure meanness of
them drove those odds right up.

"Miya! Miya!" The Cabbit started squeaking out as soon as she caught hold of
a sent. Of course this caught Ryoko off guard as she was downing another
alcoholic beverage.

[spurt!] 'wheeze-wheeze' "Don't do that!" Ryoko exclaimed angrily.

"Miya!" The Cabbit projected the image of Ranma into the share link that the
two possessed.

"Ranma?! Where?" Ryoko suddenly started scanning the crowd for any signs of
the object of her chase. There! Entering the ring with the Ki-Lin! Red hair
in a familiar braid, along with even more familiar bracers. Hah! Thinking he
could hide in his cursed form. She could remember some interesting nights
with said form. With that she started to daydream about what she would do
with her later.

"Miya?" The Cabbit inquired, breaking her from her trance.

"Huh? What are you crazy? Of course I won't bet against him." She snorted at
her companion and settled in as the match was signaled to start.

[Beep, Beep, Beep!]

"Hmm? What do we have here?" With that Washu looked at the her readings
pertaining to Ryoko's status. *This can't be right. According to Sailor
Mercury's data, Ranma should be on Earth. But from Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki's
readings he was near them. Still Ranma could have arrived on Earth to report
in and then just teleported to the tournament. Causing his pursuers to
divide their forces thin. Hmm. I wouldn't put it past him. Still by the
chance that Ryoko was nearer to Ranma than any of the others it might be
wise to get there quick. Setting her currant experiments on auto, she
created a dimensional door to the tournament.

Nasuko cursed as she chased after this little six-inch figure that had
zapped her. No matter how fast she was, the creature was faster. It seemed
like the creature was toying with her. There she was, resting after a
relaxing workout, when suddenly.

[Bzzzzt!] "Owe!!!!!!!!!!" She had literally leaped ten feet in the air.
Finding the source of her pain as a little sprite-like creature, who just
laughed as she lead Nasuko on a merry chase.

"Come on! Please stop!" Kato yelled after the diminutive figure. The little
person just laughed at him and taunted him on to catch it.

He had again been at the task of trying to move that boulder which he was
sure held the secrets to the Saotome School of Martial Arts. He had just sat
down to meditate on the problem, when the boulder was raised into the air
seemly by itself. Upon closer scrutiny he caught his first glance at the
little woman lifting the boulder as if it weighed nothing. But before he
could see what was underneath it, the little woman put it back down and just
smiled a smug little smile at him. When he tried to get her to tell him how
she did that, she just laughed and ran away. He had been following her for
little over an hour now, running all over the compound. Sometimes he'd think
he lost her, she would then run between his legs in a opposite direction,
all the while laughing merrily.

Misuteri grimly continued on her search. For the past half-hour she had been
stalking this little doll-like individual. It would lead her on for a little
bit then disappear only to reappear where she least expected it. She would
vary between short sprints to slow moving easy strides. Still she was no
closer to catching it.

She had been in the task of working on her homework for the upcoming final
when the little doll had just walked into her room, smiled at her, and then
just as easily departed. Making sure that she had her attention, the little
doll-woman started to lead her all over the compound. The weird thing was
that none of the other students seemed to see the doll-woman. Knowing that
she wasn't crazy, she continued the chase.

The three students followed their respective doll-woman to a normally active
training area. Usually it was common to find from two to ten individuals
working out here. As it was a respectable distance from the main buildings,
it made a good training area. This time the only one in the area was Kasumi,
who was sitting casually on the middle part of a training log.

It didn't take long for the students to notice their comrades, also chasing
doll-like individuals. After realizing that they were being lead here, they
slowed down to a more cautionary pace. They knew their instructors could and
would throw a training session at them at anytime. They were even more
shocked when their 'dolls' leapt onto the training log next to their Master
Kasumi. They then seemed to fuse together to form a larger aspect of the
'dolls'. It was that girl who sat at the head of the table the night before!

Many emotions ran threw the students as they witnessed this. Confusion the
primary emotion. With curiosity about how the girl could do such a thing as
split herself into three individual components, following it.

Kasumi and Ranma-chan couldn't help but giggle at the looks that the
students were sending their way. Yes Ranma was giggling, he has long
excepted his duel nature and was fully open with his emotions. "Just a
little something I picked up from a very close friend of mine."

Nasuko, Kato, and Misuteri looked at each other, then assumed an attention
position in front of their Master.

"Hello children, its time to begin your lessons."

Skuld grunted as she finished the final touches on the latest of her little
robots. Being the Goddess of the Future and Technology did have its
privileges. With that she sent it to follow it's fellows in their task of
finding Ranma. The last coordinates that she had gotten from Yggdrasill
before she was dumped out by Kami-sama, were the coordinates for Japan.
Still that was all she needed. How hard could it be to find him on one
little island? At least she wouldn't have to search the whole universe. With
that done, she decided to raise her energy incase some of her rivals showed
up, she would need as much energy as she could get. So with that, she went
in search of her super-super chocolate-fudge ice cream. She had been saving
it since the last time she had won. The sugar rush alone would be all she
needed. Its a good thing freezer burn doesn't exist in Heaven.

The Imperial Palace of Jurian.

Second Empress Tsunami was bored. The life of an Imperial Empress,
especially a married Empress at that, was not one of excitement. Not like
the adventures she had in her younger days with Tenchi and the rest. What
made it even more boring was that her sister, the crowned First Empress of
the Empire and co-wife of the Emperor of Jurian, had returned from her
diplomatic duties and had occupied most of Tenchi's time. There are only so
many games that one can play to keep oneself amused.

*What is taking them so long?* Turning to a monitor she called up the
captain of the guards.

"Yes your Majesty?" The Captain bowed before his Empress.

"What is the progress on the pursuit of the fugitive?" She inquired. The
Captain developed a large sweat drop on the back of his head.

"Yes Your Majesty. One of the Galaxy Police's top agents is on this. She has
reported that she has found clues to his whereabouts, and is closing in on
him." He answered briskly. *Why doesn't she just implant a tracer in him,
that might make the lease shorter.* Was his thought.

"SHE?! They sent a female operative after him?! Didn't they read the report
on him?!" She practically screeched. Knowing Ranma, if that operative caught
up with him, then he'd have another woman after him. The most irritating
part of it being that he wouldn't treating her in anyway different from the
way he treated everyone else. She would still fall for him.

"They sent a leonine after him your Majesty, they thought that would
alienate them from each other." The Captain was growing nervous, an angry
Empress, let alone one with goddess level power was something to be afraid
of.

"A leonine? Oh, well that's different then." Ranma's phobia of cats has only
diminished insignificantly over the centuries, what with his constant
contact with the likes of Nuku-Nuku and Ryo-Ohki. Still he was still a
little nervous around all felines. Of course being one of the most powerful
beings in the Galaxy he feared little. Maybe that's it, the reason why he
stayed with individuals of such power, ones that would be his equal or
superior in terms of Raw power if not in his skill level. He needed the
trill of a challenge even with his love life. And they sent a Leonine after
him!? Tsunami could only hope that she was truly competent for Ranma also
had a weakness for woman in trouble. If she wasn't already a Goddess, she
would be on her knees praying for the operative to be competent. All she
needed was for the operative to fall in love with Ranma on the way back to
her.

Sailor Mercury scanned the area about her. She was not a very happy little
Sailor Senshi at the moment. According to her readings Ranma should have
been in the area. But once she arrived here all she found was a long stretch
of nothing.

"How can my readings be so far off?" Being an intelligent person she did not
like it when her calculations turned out wrong. She was so deep into reading
her computer's readout that she didn't notice the shadow coming upon her.

"Hi Amy!" The cheerful, peppy voice of Nuku-Nuku made Sailor Mercury nearly
jump out of her skin.

"Eeep!" Sailor Mercury spun around and assumed a combat stance, only to
relax upon seeing who it was.

"Amy is looking for Ranma too?" Even though she might be a rival, Nuku-Nuku
was always happy to see a friend. With that she gave Sailor Mercury a big
hug, which in turn knocked the wind out of her.

'Wheeze' 'Cough' "Its nice to see you too Nuku-Nuku. And call me Sailor
Mercury when I'm like this." 'Cough, Cough' As Mercury tried to get the air
back into her lungs.

"Nuku-Nuku tried to find Ranma, but sensors say that he came here. But Ranma
isn't here." Nuku-Nuku has been tracking Ranma for a couple weeks now and
still when she came to this stop all traces of him simply vanished. It was
most confusing.

"Yes I can see that. Hmm. Well by my readings, he should be here. At first I
thought I had miscalculated somewhat, but giving that your sensors say the
same thing, it must be something else." With that she flipped up her visor
to get a more thorough reading of the area. Many different readings came
over her monitor. A quick glance at Nuku-Nuku gave her some interesting
power readings. *Hmm, looks like Nuku got upgraded again.* She was
momentarily distracted at the readings, that was until something else popped
up on her monitor. It was a residue energy signature. A very interesting and
familiar one at that.

"It seems Ranma knew you were on his trail. He came this way and then
teleported somewhere else." Ranma has been getting more crafty in his
dealings with women.

"Ranma can teleport? Without magic or transporter?" This confused Nuku-Nuku,
she knew a little of magic from her association with some of Ranma's other
suitors, as well as technology, but was still a little confused on how Ranma
could use his Ki to do the same. That and he had never teleported with her
around before.

"Oh yes, he's been able to do that for quite some time now. Although he
rarely done that because he had plenty of available transportation around.
How do you think he gets all over the galaxy and beyond?" *Sigh, This means
I have to figure in all new readings.*

"Oh. OK, bye Ami!" Nuku-Nuku exclaimed as she set off after another trail to
find Ranma.

"What? Wait Nuku-Nuku, I just said that Ranma isn't around here, that he had
teleported away." Mercury seemed shocked that someone would just ignore her
readings.

"That's alright, I can still smell him." She waved happily at Mercury and
continued on her quest.

*Smell him?* Yet according to her readings he should have teleported
somewhere else entirely. What if he teleported somewhere else, done what he
needed to do and then teleported back to the exact same place from which he
left. Thus covering his tracks and misdirecting any pursuers!

"Nuku-Nuku! Wait for me!" With that Sailor Mercury ran after the retreating
figure. Oh well at least she wouldn't look foolish in front of the others.
That and Nuku-Nuku couldn't possibly have the same appeal for Ranma that the
others did.

[Gong, Gong]

With that the battle started.

As neither sides have ever worked in concert together, they pretty much went
their separate ways. The Ki-Lin turning itself invisible which it could hold
indefinitely. This gave her an advantage over their opponents. For their
evil nature would work against them. Both were species that loathed life,
although in the Puck's case it related to all 'big people' not of the faerie
folk. Yes faerie folk. Although that did not make him any less evil than his
companion. Kiyone herself felt a great sense of piece from her partner,
almost as if together good will triumph over evil.

The Kelpie transformed itself into a Stallion and started bucking around,
not taking the chance that the Ki-Lin would try and sneak up on him to
attack. This start raising a cloud of dust which the Puck used to his
advantage. Coming short and quick at Kiyone, his head bent low to impale
her.

Kiyone leaped over the Puck and grabbed him by the horns in an effort to
throw him. The problem being that the Puck has had experience in fighting
the 'big folk', so brought his talon like hooves into her back. She had to
release him or suffer a mortal wound to her kidneys. She quickly got some
distance between them, for do to his smaller stature, the Puck could recover
faster than she could. Unfortunately this brought her within striking
distance of the Stallion shaped Kelpie. She had to roll with the kick to her
shoulder, if not for genetically enhanced body, her shoulder would have been
broken. Still she needed a moment to recover.

The Puck wasn't going to give her the chance, as he again charged her. Just
a he got within striking distance, he was suddenly hurled away. He had
forgotten all about the Ki-Lin who had given him a double back kick. While
this gave her a breather, it did little damage to the Puck.

Soon the Kelpie and the Ki-Lin were going full out bronco style. That is
like wild horses go at it. The Kelpie would rear up on its hind legs and
lash out with both of his front hooves at the Ki-Lin's head. The Ki-Lin used
her horn to parry one of the blows, but not the second. She used the
momentum to spin herself around to deliver a powerful double blow to the
Kelpie's mid-section. Still the blow she received from the Kelpie's hoof
dizzied her for a moment. The Kelpie using his own supernatural metabolism
to recover more quickly. Transforming back to his natural form, leaped at
the Ki-Lin and took a large bit out of her back mid-section, the Ki-Lin let
off a horrible scream.

Kiyone quickly came to her partners aide. Springing into the air over the
Kelpie, she brought both hands onto both sides of the Kelpie's head. This
staggered the Kelpie enough for the Ki-Lin to break free. The Puck though
was not sitting idly by. Just as Kiyone finished launching her attack on the
Kelpie, the Puck made his move while she was still in the air. Spinning at
incredible speed, he launched himself at her mid-section. The speed of his
speed combined with the sharpness of his horns made it so that Kiyone
herself screamed out in pain. If she were a normal human, that attack would
have disemboweled her. Again thanks to her genetically enhanced metabolism,
the Puck's horns only pierced the outer layer of muscle tissue, keeping her
internal organs in place. Still as she rolled away from the Puck she used
her left arm to stop the flow of blood.

The Ki-Lin looking to return the favor, charged at the Puck to give Kiyone
the time to staunch of blood. The Puck barely leaped over her and landed on
the Ki-Lin's back. He then stuck his claw-like hooves into her flanks. The
Ki-Lin then started spinning around, trying to buck the Puck off. In a burst
of desperation the Ki-Lin completely flipped herself over, completely
berrying the Puck beneath her. After rolling back to her feet she again made
herself invisible to give her time to heal and get a breather.

Kiyone, having trained again larger opponents chose at this time to bring
her attacks against the Kelpie. The Kelpie charged her in a feigned attack.
Kiyone expected this and let loose a leg sweep followed by a leaping bicycle
kick. The first he expected as he leaped into the air to avoid it, while the
second caught him in the middle of the leap. He received four kicks that
launched him in the air.

The Puck after shaking off the effects of the Ki-Lin's attack was not to be
kept from his previous victim, for like the satyr he mockingly resembled, he
had a vicious appetite for females. As he used the natural abilities of all
fairies he made it so he could see the Ki-Lin. This allowed him to avoid her
and continued onto his prize. Unfortunately when he got there the Kelpie and
Kiyone were still deep in battle, and the Kelpie, an eater of human flesh
would not give up on his prize. Soon the two of them were fighting among
themselves for the right to fight and then dine on Kiyone. For although this
was a tournament, it was an anything goes one. Anything short of planet
destroying techniques and weapons were allowed, and deaths were expected. It
only made the crowd more blood thirsty.

As they were doing their work for them, Kiyone and the Ki-Lin just hung back
as the two creatures of evil battled each other irrationally. The Ki-Lin
took this time to heal Kiyone of the wounds she had sustained in her fight.

With a look to her now visible comrade, Kiyone gathered her Ki. The extra
bit of confidence that the Ki-Lin gave her made her attack even more
powerful. So she waited until the two of them were right next to each other
and then........

"MOKO TAKABISHA!" She released her Ki at them, slamming them into the valley
wall. This stunned them for a minute, the Ki-Lin and Kiyone used this minute
to rush over and then put them out with multiple blows to the head. Not to
leave things to chance, the Ki-Lin started running in place, only to phase
through the two. This left bloody gashes all over their bodies.

Not wanting to be left out and wanting to give the crowd a thrill. Kiyone
leaped into the air as wings composed of Ki kept her aloft. And with,

"SHINSEI BATSU(3)!" A long lance of Ki formed in her hands and she hurled it
at the ground between them. A huge dome of Ki enveloped around them which
resulted with a large explosion. The resulting explosion threw both the
Kelpie and the Puck to opposite sides of the valley floor. Thus ending the
match with a flair, that made the crowd scream in appreciation.

The signal of the end of the match was all Ryoko needed to hear. As soon as
the duo started for the exit, she flew from her booth. On route to the
victors, something caught her eye as she noticed a dimensional pocket open
just near the entrance to the ring. Her eyes narrowed as she thought this
was familiar to her.

"Washu!" She growled as she increased her speed. No way was that demented
scientist besting her this time. Washu seeing her move in for the kill,
increased her speed also. For some reason though, just as Washu got up to
Ranma she stopped. Well her lose. With that Ryoko tried to grab her prey.
She would have to if not for that fact that her prey decided to dodge her.
She had to quickly faze or else become a big red blot on the wall behind
her. This in turn shocked her even more, what the heck was happening?

"Hey! What's the big idea?" She exclaimed before turning to her prize,
something was wrong here. "Your not Ranma!"

"Not Ranma!?" This new voice caused the small group to turn. What they saw
was a young Leonine covered with blood and sweat come out from the entrance.
"What do you mean, not Ranma!? I have been tracking him for months now!
Working undercover in this gross pit as a TOWEL-GIRL and you have the gall
to tell me that, she isn't Ranma!?" The group just watched as the galaxy
police detective third class had a minor nervous breakdown. Kiyone and the
Ki-Lin were the ones who were truly perplexed. They just shrugged and walked
to her dressing chamber. Leaving the crazy people to argue among themselves
behind her.

Kiyone was toweling herself off as she entered her dressing chamber. She
didn't even register the presence of the being that was waiting for her.

"Hey there little firefly." Hearing that voice, Kiyone spun around. Only one
person called her that, although she had never seen a firefly before. She
turned to see Ranma in his male form smiling at her. With a exclamation of
joy, she quickly jumped into his arms for a big hug.

"Were you watching the whole time?" She had to admit, she was surprised to
find him here. Given the life that he lead, you can never know when or where
Ranma might show up next.

"Of course. Although it took you long enough in that last fight didn't you?
I mean there were only two of them." He gave a slight grin to let her know
he was only fooling with her. He was very proud that she had made it this
far in the tournament. Only the most exceptional beings with combat skill
were even aloud to try out for it. Although some were automatically
excepted, based on their reputations. If Ranma wished to enter the
tournament they would not have even question his skill. While someone like
Kiyone, even though she studied under him, had to undergo an intense testing
of her combat skills. (This also helped the bookies rate her for the
tournament.)

Kiyone suddenly remembered the three woman thinking that she was Ranma and
trying to grab her because of it. While not fearing for his life, for she
knew he could take on anyone, but she also knew about his dislike of causing
emotional distress to those of the opposite gender.

"You have to get out of here. There was three crazy woman out there looking
for you!" She then gave him a description of her assailants. To her
surprise, he just grinned even more.

"They are, are they? Hmm? Three you say? I wonder who the third was, I don't
know any Leonine?" With that he just put his hand behind his head and
laughed. "Well it wouldn't do to disappoint them, now would it? Good luck on
the rest of the tournament." That having said, he vanished down the
corridor.

"You've been following me haven't you!?" Sailor Jupiter accused her
comrades. All four of them had searched over a good portion of Japan, trying
to find Ranma Saotome. Of course tension have gotten higher and higher as
they were continually coming up empty in their search.

"Of course not." Sailor Venus remarked dryly to her long time friend. "You
know as well as I do that this is one of Ranma's regular training spots."
Sailors Mars and Saturn nodded their heads in agreement. They all turned to
view their surroundings.

A large waterfall was the most prominent landmark, which flowed into the
pristine valley below. How Ranma ever found the place was anyone's guess,
for it wasn't on any of the maps. Behind the waterfall was a cave that led
to a series of tunnels that went deep into the earth. One could get lost for
weeks down their and never see the light of day. In those tunnels somewhere
could be Ranma. Where the tunnels ended up, the group didn't know for he
never brought any of them all the way through. The only way they even knew
about the place, was that Ranma had brought them there to train which lead
to other, more, intimate things.

"Well Ladies are you sure about this?" Mars asked her companions. They knew
that they could get lost in there if they weren't careful. It would be
ultra-humiliating calling for help, especially for the reason that they were
entering it for. The Game was not common knowledge. If the populace knew
that those, for whom they depended on for protection, acted like a bunch of
hormonal, sex starved, teenagers, they would lose face before them. Besides,
it was embarrassing.

Saturn looked at her longtime friends and just started, "You don't think
Ranma would really be in there all alone do you? I mean its not like
he'd........" She trailed off as she noticed the others looking down at the
valley floor. She turned also, only to stop dead as she say what they saw.
It was Ranma! Down in the valley floor! He just smiled at them and then
dived into the waterfall, and then into the cavern behind it.

"Ranma!?"

"What!?"

"I saw him first!" This came from Jupiter as she leapt after him. Her
companions only stared at her in shock for a minute, before exclaiming and
leaping after her.

"You bugged me didn't you Washu!" Ryoko just ignored the weeping form of
Galaxy Police third class, Yutaka Harada. The Leonine just could not believe
that she had spent weeks working as a towel, only to have it come to
nothing.

"What ever do you mean?" Washu tried the innocent look, although Ryoko
didn't believe a word of it. By now they had joined Ryo-Ohki in their booth,
for some reason Yutaka followed them. They were about to get into a heated
debate when they were interrupted by the Cabbit.

"Miya! Miya! Miya!" Ryo-Ohki started jumping up and down, and took off out
of the booth, not even giving them a chance to ask what the problem was. So
they took off after her.

"Miya!"

"Arrgh!" They knew that scream, it was one that always came from the Cabbit
ran into one of her favorite people. You'd think he would have gotten over
it by now, but Ranma couldn't help but scream at least once, although after
that he would calm down.

This just caused the group to speed up, Ryoko not even bothering with the
doors. Yutaka didn't know what was happening, but if it excited this group
she should be there. They turned the corner to see Ranma with Ryo-Ohki
rushing toward his arms. He smiled a large smile at them. That was until
Ryo-Ohki changed into her humanoid form, which was completely naked, and
leaped at him. This caused Ranma to dodge out from under her flight path,
and then take off running down the hall. Ryo-Ohki just lay sprawled
uncermononiously on the ground, trying to regain her senses.

"That's Ranma?" Yutaka asked the others, at their confirmation, she pulled
out her gun and badge. "Freeze! Galaxy Police!" Ryoko and Washu just rolled
their eyes at that and sprinted after Ranma's retreating form.

They turned the corner only to find a large group of males waiting for the
stalls to be free, so that they could relieve themselves of their bodily
fluids. Of course Ryoko and Washu didn't even slow down, as they pushed
themselves through into the Male's bathroom. Yutaka hesitated for a moment,
before yelling out, "Galaxy Police, Official business" with that she ran
into the restroom.

"Aaah!" she screamed as the Grimbor who had taunted her earlier, turned
around from the urinal he was using to see what the commotion was about.
What had caused her to scream was the fact that he didn't bother to put his
equipment away when he did so. She was so startled that she fired off her
weapon at him. It being set on freeze, the Grimbor suddenly got cold below
the waist.

"Aargh!" The Grimbor screamed as he lost all feeling in his manhood. He then
looked like he was going to get violent.

"I'm sorry! I'm really sorry! Let me help." With that she set her weapon on
heat and fired at him again. Again it not being her day, she used it for too
long and again the Grimbor screamed as he had a weeny roast. The old
chestnuts were roasting on an open fire alright. Just to be on the safe side
she put the weapon on stun at full power and fired three shots into him to
make sure he was put out. It took all three of them to fully relieve the
Grimbor of consciousness.

Ryoko and Washu just watched as this went on. They had already searched
every stall, to the discomfort of their occupants, but he was not there.
Ranma had disappeared, although Washu was able to determine that he had
teleported. She had recorded his energy signature and was already tracking
him using her computer. The thing being was that Ranma didn't teleport
directly to where he wanted to go. He first phased into another dimension
and then teleport to a place in it before phasing into another dimension. He
did this a half a dozen times before returning to this dimension and
teleporting where he wanted to go. Of course he did this light years away.
Still the two enjoyed watching Yutaka handle the Grimbor.

"Are you sure you don't have any humanoid ancestors?" Ryoko inquired before
the two of them burst out laughing.

'Huff, Huff, Huff' Nasuko panted from the exertion of the exercise that
Master Kasumi was putting her through. All three of them have been training
together for almost a week now with Master Kasumi and the girl Ranko who was
helping her. Although today seemed different somehow. Oh sure, Master Kasumi
was just as intense. Like the past mornings it started out with Kato,
Misuteri, and her self sparring with the Master, not one of them held back
in the slightest. After that they would then receive a lesson with Ranko,
who would have them do separate seemingly pointless tasks. Even the Master
trained when told to do something, although it was entirely different. They
had already figured out that she was from the house of Saotome, and that she
was Chinese. That was from the accent she always seemed to have, although
Misuteri was almost sure she heard her talking without it once.

Today was different though, Ranko seemed more reserved. It was if she was
waiting for something to happen. All day she was like that, usually she
jumped in with the training. Ever since that morning she has only gave
instructions. To Nasuko's small group and to the other groups that she was
training in the advanced techniques. It was late afternoon when they found
out why. She was in her spot on the lop watching the younger students go
through their forms, when these two twin guys just appeared out of nowhere
and walked up to her. They looked like they were related to her, they could
be siblings if not for their different hair colors. The kids got a big
surprise when the two guys just merged with her. After that she just got up
and stretched before jumping down to perform a kata that they have never
seen before.

Everyone with the exception of Kasumi just stared at her in shock as they
finally realized who was instructing them. Even the elders who were
observing the group were stunned into silence. Here they were slacking off
in front of the Grandmaster of the school, and they did not even know it!
Ranma just sighed to herself as she knew that everyone would be reacting to
her differently now. What she had been trying to put off for sometime now,
was revealed because of her own need to show off. When would she ever learn?

Later that night when Kasumi asked about what had happened. Ranma just
smiled and told her about a very strange and hard to master technique called
the Tri-form technique, which she had learned in her travels. That and she
needed to make sure she had plenty of time to train before she had to leave.