It was a ship that did not exist.  It was, in fact, one of
several thousand ships that did not exist.  Anyone who claimed
that they did exist was usually visited quickly by people that
don't exist and shown the error of their ways.

Aboard that non-existant ship, two figures uniformed in ebony sat
in the bridge.  They were expecting a call. 

//Detective K, Detective M, come in...//

"Detective K reporting, sir," said the one on the left. 

//We've picked up a bio-energy signal, 28T in strength.  It's
coming from the third planet of the Sol system.  We think it's a
renegade class 7 artificial life form.//

"Space Pirate Ryoko?" asked K. 

"A real space pirate?  Wooow!  I've never seen one of those
before!"  chirped Detective M. 

//It probably is Ryoko.  Go there and investigate.//

"Right away sir." 

"Wai!  We're going to arrest a space pirate!" 

//One more thing.  This is a planet that hasn't had alien contact
yet.  Be sure to clean up while you're down there.//

K sighed.  "Yes sir." 

"Let's go!" cheered M.  She eagerly reached forward and whapped a
few controls.  "Space Pirate Ryoko, here we come!" 

K screamed in panic, "No!  Not the red button!" 

"Ara?" 

*BOOM*

------------------------------------------------------------

 Protecting the solar system from the scum of the universe

        Agent K                           Agent M

               = Galaxy Police In Black =

by rpm
------------------------------------------------------------

Tenchi watched the sky, relaxing by the lake.  It was one of the
few moments this day where his grandfather wasn't pushing him
with one chore or another, or yet another sparring session.  He
needed the break because too much was happening.  The demon in
the cave WAS real.  HE released it.  And he hoped he sealed it
back.

Ah, well, no demons now.  Just him, the grass, the lake, and the
clear blue...

"Ano." 

...not exactly clear blue... 

"Uh oh." 

...big black ship barreling straight down from the sky. 

"Grandfather!" 

Tenchi ran for his life back to the house, but didn't make it
before the massive ship crashed into the lake.  This resulted in
a giant splash that soaked everything within a 100 yard radius.

*

This was certainly wasn't what Tenchi was expecting. 

Perhaps hideous monsters from outer space, or maybe an ace pilot
that just crashed his top secret jet... but not two rather
beautiful ladies joining them for tea.

"Sorry about the mess," apologized the one with green hair. 

"Quite alright," said Youshou.  "You didn't do any real damage. 
Just scared the fish, I should think."

"Who are you anyways?" asked Tenchi.  "I mean, for a moment there
I thought that was a UFO from outer space coming down on me."
Tenchi laughed at the idea, as did his grandfather.

The blond one seemed startled. 

"Um... gosh... aliens!  Nonono!  What gave you that idea?" 

"Well, I dunno, I just didn't expect something crashing like
that,"  replied Tenchi.  "What's your names?" 

The green one smiled.  "Oh, we didn't introduce ourselves yet? 
How rude.  I'm R-" 

"I'm Mihoshi and this is my partner Kiyone!" said Mihoshi
cheerfully.  "We're with the galaxy police!" 

"Galaxy... police?" asked Tenchi. 

Kiyone lunged for Mihoshi and grabbed her by the shirt.  "YOU
IDIOT!  YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO TELL THEM THAT!" 

"Wha?  Aaaah!  Oh no!"  She dug in her purse furiously and pulled
an odd metal rod out.  "Gotta use the neuralizer!" 

Kiyone yelled in alarm then immediately put on dark sunglasses. 
"No you idiot!  You're supposed to wear your sunglasses when-" 

*FWOOSH*

Too late. 

Kiyone sat down, exasperated at her partner's incompetence.  Why? 
Why did she get assigned to this idiot?  She cursed fate, cursed
her superiors, and gave Mihoshi a mild boot to the butt.

"Ara?  What happened?" asked Mihoshi. 

"Idiot!  Moron!  You zapped yourself with the neuralizer again! 
It's a wonder you don't have brain damage yet!"

"Who are you?" 

"AAAAARRGH!" 


- [one hour later...] -

"So... I'm Mihoshi..." said Mihoshi. 

"That's right," said Kiyone. 

"And... I'm with the Galaxy Police..." 

"Mm-hm." 

"And they're not supposed to know about us," she said, pointing
to a still-dazed Tenchi and Youshou.

"That's correct." 

"And we're hunting after Space Pirate Ryoko?" asked Mihoshi. 

"Now you've got it." 

"Oh.  Good."  Mihoshi looked at Tenchi and Youshou curiously. 
"These people aren't supposed to remember anything, right?"

"Yup." 

"So we use this thingy here to-" 

"NO!" 

*FWOOSH*


- [another hour later] -


"So we're supposed to be after the Space Pirate Ryoko?" asked
Mihoshi.

"That's correct," said Kiyone, through gritted teeth.  "Got it
straight now?"

Tenchi and Youshou said nothing.  Nobody bothered to give them
anything new to remember, and they'd been neuralized twice in one
day.  Brain damage, at least on a mild scale, was a distinct
possibility.

"Um, I have a question," said Mihoshi timidly. 

"What is it NOW?" growled Kiyone. 

"Um... ara... Ryoko... does she have spikey blue hair?" 

"Yes." 

"And a tail?" 

"Yes." 

"Ano..." 

"What?  Say it!" 

"I think she's over there," said Mihoshi, pointing to the
doorway. 

Ryoko grinned.  "Yo.  Is there someone named 'Tenchi' around
here?"

Kiyone gasped and backpeddled, reaching for her gun. 

Mihoshi reflexively grabbed the first thing in her purse and
aimed....

*FWOOSH*

- [and yet a few more minutes later] -

The girl wasn't sure what was happening. 

There was her, the girl that was dressed like her (in black) with
blond hair, the girl with blue spikey hair, the boy, and the old
man.  They were sitting in someone's house. 

"Ano... who are you people?" asked the blond. 

"I... don't know," she replied. 

"I think... we were having tea," said the old man. 

"Seems like we were," said the boy. 

The spikey haired girl took a sip from her cup.  "Yeeesh.  This
tea's cold!" 

"Oh, then I'll heat us up some more," said the elderly man. 

The green-haired girl in black frowned.  Something was wrong
here.  She just couldn't figure out what. 

"Oh!" said the blond one, picking up something chrome and
cylindrical. "What's this?  It's got a red bit at the tip
here..."

*FWOOSH*


-the end?-



