Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-ohki, it is a property of Anime 
International Corporation, Pioneer Animation, and the legendary Masaki 
Kajishima. I also do not own Star Wars, it is a property of Lucas films and the 
immortal George Lucas. On a further note; I do not profit what so ever from this 
fan fiction writing.


Hell Awaits (Sequel to Ayeka's 725th Birthday)
Chapter #1: "Astro Madness" 
________________________________________________________________________________
_________________

Written by Ultima Trev
Preread by Komobito the Demon Prankster (komobito@free-spy.net) and Gemini 
(noebul@msn.com)


    After Lucifer disappeared, life was being restored to those who have lost 
it. The Choushins, Yosho, and Ayeka have all been revived. Tenchi, Ryoko, and 
Hacker the Leet sigh in relief as they see their efforts to stop Lucifer were 
not in vein. Five days after the defeat of Lucifer, life went on as usual. 
However, there was still one soul who was suspicious about the events that went 
on.

    Presently, someone is walking into a house with an interior designed to look 
like a Gothic Cathedral. He is there to pay his cousin a visit. "Yo Hacker!" 
Amagasaki shouts as he walks through the front door. "How's our favorite Demon 
Slayer doing?"

    Hacker frowned and shouted back, "Dude, I'm not in the mood for this. Can we 
PLEASE talk about something else?"

    Amagasaki sneered, "But why? You should march to the press and inform them 
of your victory over Lucifer!"

    Hacker sighed and shook his head; "it's not that simple. We have no proof, 
so no one would ever believe what happened."

    "You're right." Amagasaki sighed in a discouraged manner.

    Hacker, who was lying on his bed, gets up and grabs himself an ice cold 
Coca-Cola. *What in the Hell was that voice? It sounded just like him. Could 
that have really been an Astro Body?* 
    "Should I explain it?"

    Amagasaki's eyes widened. "Wha... what was that?" Hacker scowls and draws 
one of his Claymores. "Amagasaki, that is none other than the Anti-Christ." 
Amagasaki jumps. "Would this be a good time for me to leave?" Hacker replies, 
"It would be best that way. I need my space when I am dealing with this sort of 
scum and villainy." Amagasaki then bolts for the door. 

    Lucifer grins. "He can't possibly be a blood relative. I've never heard of 
such cowardliness running through the bloodline of Jin-Jitsu Samurai Royalty."

    Hacker frowns. "It's not his fault. His father never took the time to train 
him, that's all."

    "So he really is a blood relative? Well then, after I have mutilated your 
corpse I'll so the same to him.  Better yet, I'll do that to everyone on this 
worthless planet."

    Hacker the Leet grins. "I get it, anyone that has a pentagram on his or her 
forehead is your property. Since this thing standing in front of me has one, it 
must be an Astro Body."

    "Impressive young one, your training has served you well."

    "Well Lucifer, why don't you come after me yourself? Are you too much of a 
coward to do so?"

    "Not at all. I simply like to toy with my food before I kill them." Lucifer 
laughs hysterically and then his second Astro Body disappears.

    "I had better tell the Masaki family what the Hell is going on." Hacker 
grabs an Exhumed T-Shirt and pulls it over his wife beater. After he pulls on 
his pure steel boots, he heads out the door to his red Ferrari 512TR and speeds 
towards the Masaki house. *Shit-shit-shit, this is REAL bad.* 

    It was Teatime at the Masaki house. Everything was back to normal, with the 
exception of Ryoko and Ryo-ohki's absence. Ryoko had left a note stating that 
she had to settle the score with her rival, who goes by the name of Boba Fett 
Junior. She said she would be back soon though. The Masaki family took into 
account that she was extremely powerful, and should be just fine. While the 
females were pampering themselves with green tea and cookies, Tenchi was out 
attending the fields.

    "Ayeka, aren?t you going to watch soap operas us?" Sasami asked.

    Ayeka replies, "Not today Sasami, I promised Lord Tenchi that I would help 
him attend to the fields."

    Washu grinned an evil grin. *Is she really going to help him? Or is are they 
going to...* 
After a few minutes have passed, there is knocking on the front door. Sasami 
gets up to answer it.

    A large 7" tall man with a Cannibal Corpse T-shirt and corpse paint stands 
in the doorway. "Excuse me, but may I speak with Tenchi?"

    "Hacker, we've missed you," said a joyful Sasami. "Glad to hear it." "We're 
glad you came, the wedding is tomorrow."

    "That's wonderful, perhaps I should go." Hacker then gets a sick feeling in 
his gut. *Why did I just say that? I hate weddings! Hell, I hate all social 
events!*

    Washu approaches the scene. "Sasami, could you excuse us? We have business 
matters to attend to." Sasami nodded and left the room.

    "Hacker, you're here to tell Tenchi that you killed a mere Astro Body, 
correct?"

    Hacker nods. "I am afraid so. However, the next attack will be done by 
another Astro body. He refuses to fight in person."

    "Hacker, I'm afraid killing Lucifer is impossible. His power is infinite, 
only God himself could kill him."

    Hacker scowls. "That's ludicrous!"

    Washu sighs. "Look, if we can seal the gate to Hell, he will be unable to 
enter the Earth Realm for at least another thousand years.

    "Brilliant idea, just how do we do it?!"

    Washu bows her head. "I haven't figured it out quite yet..."

    After hearing this, Hacker forms a sweat bead on his head. *Just great, it's 
the end of the world as we know it*

    Meanwhile on the ice planet of Hoth, Ryoko and the bounty hunter known as 
Boba Fett Jr. are about to engage in battle.

    Ryoko grins; "Well Boba, are you ready to have your suit turned into scrap 
metal?" 

    "Ryoko, you are the one who is going to die for stealing 1.3 million 
Republic Credits from Bal-boa the Hutt."

    "Tell me, how many gems did I have with me the last time we battled?"

    Boba Fett Jr. replies; "one."

    "That's right, one. I thought I would let you know that times change. Look 
at how many gems I have now!"

    Boba Fett Jr. steps back in fear. *Damn it, there's no way I can win when 
she has all three gems!*

    Ryoko then summoned massive ki with her right hand and aimed it at Boba Fett 
Junior's head.

    There was only one word that Boba Fett Jr. could say before Ryoko's blast 
impacted. That word was none other than "SHIT!!" Nothing but bloody gibs 
remained after the devastating explosion.

    *I don't have to worry about him hunting me down anymore.* Ryoko then takes 
a deep breath. "Come on Ryo-ohki, let's go home."

    "Meow-meow!"

    Meanwhile at the Masaki house, Ayeka and Tenchi have arrived home from the 
fields. "We're home!" said Tenchi. 

    Sasami was the first one to greet them. "Ohayo Tenchi! Ohayo Ayeka!"

    "Ohayo Sasami."

    "Tenchi, you have a visitor. He's in the living room."
"Thanks for letting me know, Sasami." Tenchi then walks in to the living and 
sees the Goth sitting on the couch. "Hacker?"

    "That's right. It is I, Hacker the Leet."

    "What brings you here?" Asked Tenchi.

    "Lucifer isn't dead." Tenchi could feel an ice cold chill going down his 
spine. "What do you mean? I saw you kill him with my own eyes!"

    "I'm afraid that was just a mere Astro Body."

    Suddenly they both feel a large vibration. It feels like a small Earth, or 
maybe a giant. Tenchi and Hacker rush outside to see what it is. What they see 
is quite frightening. It would appear to be a fifteen foot tall minotaur with a 
great big ax. This giant has light blue skin, and orange eyes. He is built like 
a rock, muscles so big they actually stretch his flesh.

    Tenchi yells out; "What is that?!"

    Hacker grins. "It would seem like Lucifer has sent one of his henchmen to do 
the fighting for him."

    "Why do you look so happy? I am Lucifer's strongest warrior, so you should 
be running in fear. And please, call me Gore Master."

    Hacker then draws his sword. "Let's see if you live up to your ego first."

    With lighting speed, Hacker runs up to Gore with his Scottish Claymore in 
hand. He brings the blade down but something gets in the way. "What is with that 
forcefield? How can it handle my attack like this?" Hacker, try as he might, can 
not get his blade through Gore Master's defenses. 

    Gore Master snickers. "Let me enlighten you. This is no force field. This my 
friend, is an Absolute Terror Field." While Hacker is trying to get his blade 
through Gore Master's A.T. Field, a certain Lunatic is speeding towards the 
scene in his blue Toyota Tercel.

    "Hang on Hacker, I'm here to help!" Amagasaki then slams on the brakes. He 
pops the trunk and pulls out his cousin's prized Masamune Katana. "Here Hacker, 
catch!"

    Hacker throws down his Claymore and catches the Masamune. "Thanks dude, I 
owe you one." Hacker then jumps a good 30+ feet into the air. "Anti-A.T. Field 
ignite!" A small beam is launched at Gore Master's A.T. Field, shattering it.

    "You son of a bitch, my A.T. Field is destroyed! I'll grind you into dust 
for this outrage!" 

    Once Hacker lands, he puts his Masamune back in its holster. "Will you now?" 
Hacker grins, and along with that comes another Earthquake.

    Gore Master sneers. "What is this?"

    "My telekinetic energy." Hacker then smirks. "I am gathering energy 
particles that will be used to blast you into oblivion."

    Gore Master's eyes grow wide as he sees that Hacker's ki is much greater 
than his own.

    "I hope you enjoyed the few last minutes of your life." Hacker then holds 
out both palms. "Ultimo-Jitsu Alpha!" He launches a large ki blast that 
completely vaporizes Gore Master. 
Amagasaki's eyes widen when he sees the trail of smoke left over from Hacker's 
blast.
*Wow, that's so cool!*

    Tenchi takes a deep breath. "It's over at last. I thought for sure that the 
Absolute Terror Field would be impossible to break."

    Hackers shakes his head. "No way, it was far too easy. His ki much lower 
than my own." 
Meanwhile in Hell, Lucifer has altered his plans a bit. "I think I've let them 
win enough. It's time I visit them in person."


End of Chapter One. Next Chapter: Amagasaki uncovers his Jin-Jitsu Samurai 
powers while training with Hacker the Leet. Also, a peek at Lucifer's true 
power.
