A Tenchi Muyo Story.
Inspector Mihoshi.
By Peter Suzuki.

        The series "Tenchi Muyo" is owned by Pioneer LDC, AIC, and their
contributors.

(+_+) (>_<) (0_o) (*_*) (^_^;) (~_~)

        In the chief's office of the newly made Galaxy Police Earth Sector
station,
the police chief sat at her desk, thinking about days gone by.

        One year ago.  Only one year prior to this day was the day it
happened.  It
had not been her fault, nor the fault of anyone else.  No one knew about the
danger, until it was too late.

One year ago . . .

        "Detective Makabe, the bomb's defused." Said one of the bomb squad
officers
on the scene.

        An intergalactic terrorist had gotten to Earth, planning on
assassinating
Ayeka, Sasami, and possibly Tenchi, through the use of a thermal detonation
warhead.  It had been located, and confiscated, quickly by Washu, but the
assassin was somehow able to slip it back out of the lab, and nearly set it
off right in the middle of the Masaki home.  Nearly, because Kiyone and
Mihoshi had tracked the terrorist back to the house, and were in the living
room right when the would be killer exited Washu's lab.  The resulting chase
ended up by the lake, where Kiyone called in the GP bomb squad to defuse the
now activated device.

        The Masaki household was now also by the lake, where Kiyone,
Mihoshi, half a
dozen GP officers, and professor Washu were still inspecting the now
apparently harmless bomb.

        "I still say that _I_ could've defused it, if you would've told me
he
activated it." Grumbled Washu.
        "Well, looks like this is all over." Said Kiyone, holding the
defused bomb.
"We got the jerk who was planing on using this, so now we can send this back
to headquarters without worry."

        At that point, it happened.  Mihoshi was the one who first noticed
the lights
on the bomb flashing again.  She may not have had much experience with bombs
and such, but she knew that when one started flashing, it was going to
explode
soon.

        "Kiyone, look out!!!!"  shouted Mihoshi.  She quickly grabbed the
bomb from
her partner, and tossed it toward the lake as hard as she could.

        *KA-BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!*

        Mihoshi's luck was not with her that day.  She was the only
casualty.

Present day . . . .

        Chief Kiyone Makabe, of the Galaxy Police Earth installation, looked
sadly at
the only picture she had of Mihoshi.  She used to hate the blond ditz with a
passion, but that same blond sacrificed her life to save everyone.
        Kiyone placed the picture back in its drawer.  She used to blame
Mihoshi for
her lack of promotion.  Well, the joke was on Kiyone.  She found out
afterwards that both she AND Mihoshi were to be promoted the very next
month.
        She then pulled out the other two objects that were in the drawer.
A glass,
and a half full bottle of strong wine.  A new transfer officer was arriving
today, and Kiyone would be more coherent drunk, than the sobbing mess she
would be otherwise.
        "Here's to you, Mihoshi."  Said Kiyone.  "Wherever you may be."
        Just as she was about to take in her first of many drinks, the door
flew
open.

        "Inspector Mihoshi Kuramitsu, reporting for duty!" said the blond
hared
woman, wearing a purplish-brown trench coat, who was standing in the
doorway.

        *SPLOOOOOOO!!!!*  Kiyone did a spit take, and jumped up to the light
fixture
over her desk at the same time.

        "Hi Kiyone!" said Mihoshi.  "Long time no see!  Why are you standing
on the
light?"

        "What- How- When-" Kiyone took in a deep breath.  "Mihoshi, how can
you be
alive!?!?  You were blasted to bits!!  They found your foot under the
shrine!!"

        "Oh, so THAT'S where I left it." Said Mihoshi.  "I was wondering
what
happened to it."

        "B-b-but you were blown up in the explosion!!" shouted Kiyone.

        "Oh, I got better." Said Mihoshi, cheerfully.  *WHUMP!* "Kiyone!
Are you
okay!?!"

        Kiyone picked herself up from the floor.  "People don't just `get
better'
from an explosion!!  What the heck happened!?"

        "Well, Miss Washu put me back together again."  Explained Mihoshi.
"When I
got back to headquarters they didn't believe it either, but I was there, so
they made me an inspector, and I found out that you were promoted to chief,
so
I asked to be transferred here, and there was something else, now what was
it?
 Oh yeah!  Miss Washu said she couldn't find all of me, like my foot you
mentioned, so she made some replacement parts, and added some other things,
and-"

        "Wait a minute!  What do you mean `other things'?" asked Kiyone,
just knowing
deep inside that this was probably not going to be good.

        "Oh, all KINDS of things, Kiyone!" said Mihoshi.  "I can fly like a
helicopter, and my coat inflates, and I can open stuck pickle jars, watch
this."  Mihoshi held out her hand.  "Go-go Mihoshi ink pen!"

        Kiyone watched as Mihoshi's index finger actually opened up, to
reveal an ink
pen, with proceeded to accidentally empty a gallon of ink onto Kiyone's
face.

        "OH NO!!"  wailed Mihoshi.  "I'm sorry Kiyone!  Here, let me clean
it up!
Go-go Mihoshi paper towel!  WHOOPS!!  Um.  Go-go Mihoshi cleaner!  OOPS!!
Go-go Mihoshi vacuum!  EEEK!!!"

        Kiyone watched as Mihoshi shot out soap bubbles from one sleeve, a
strong jet
of air from the other, and a long stream of paper towels from the back of
her
trench coat.  The panicking inspector could not see it, but Kiyone was
actually smiling.

        "Welcome back, Mihoshi." Said Kiyone, quietly.  "Welcome back."

THE END.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
AUTHOR'S NOTES:

        Bonus points to whoever can guess what- oh wait.  I already pretty
much gave
that away already.

        "Inspector Gadget" is owned by DIC, and is proof that some good
cartoons DO
come from America.

        I recently saw Disney's `Inspector Gadget' movie.  It's funny in
some places,
but I still recommend the old cartoons over it.  After one too many cans of
cola I began to notice how Mihoshi and Inspector Gadget seemed very much
alike, in many ways.  Is this an original idea, or what?
Yes K'thardin, I read the latest rant, and I spit in it's general direction!
*PITOOIE*  Oops!  That's gonna leave a stain.  Anyway, chivalry isn't dead,
and neither is creativity!  There are good fics out there, you just weren't
paying attention!  Even in Ranma « there are still good fics being made,
today.  Yes, there are quite a few bad ones.  I know, because I do MSTs.
But
there are many good ones, too.  Just look around.
        And fellow weirdoes, uh, I mean writers;  Don't give up on
creativity!  Can't
think of anything, go out, look at something so stupid you can't help but be
entertained by it, and then write a fic about it!  Can't think up an
original
cross over, make a fusion of two that haven't been placed together yet!  I
just recently bought the first few volumes of `Sorcerer Hunters", and
already
I'm having nightmares about Tenchi being crossed in with it (With Ryoko as
Chocolate, and Ayeka as Tira, no less!).  I'm not going to pursue the idea,
but someone else certainly can!

        And THAT is my rendition of an COUNTER-rant.  Anyway, I gotta get
working on
my next assignment here at the university.  Happy All Hollows Eve,
everybody!!!

Peter Suzuki.
