MuyoQuest

<<Disclamer:All the characters of Tenchi Muyo are proporty of Pioneer
Entertainment

All Characters and Title of EverQuest are proporty of Sony and Verant
Interactive

I do not tend to make a profit or anything of the sort from these
characters, just for the sheer joy of Gaming and good Anime =)>>

Chris Beltz

Nataku123@hotmail.com

<*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*>

It was a beutiful day as usually in Butcherblock Mountins as Qualien, Cleric
of Tunare and Calawen, Wizard of Soluesk Ro, walk along the dwarven paths
torwards the great forest of Faydark where they were to meet thousands of
other explorers in a quest to the new lands of Luclin. Many were preparing
their equipment for the unknown lands and creatures ahead, many not known of
Friend or Foe. Everyone was closing preperations and were getting ready for
the final Translocation to Luclin.

<Calawen> Are we all ready?

<Qualien/Kaniimasa/Liltart/Shinigami> *nod*

As Calawen began to cast the spell wich would locate them to Luclin, he
began to get an uneasy feeling about this. as the few final chants of the
spell were final, they were covered in a large blue ring and disspeared, as
everyone found themselves in a strange forest, they noticed, Calawen had
dissapeared! Searching franticly around, they thought he must have gotten
lost during the Translocate. Being a Wizard of his intelligence, they knew
he would be able to make it back to safe lands without harm, and continued
with the rest of the explorers to a land unknown to all.

<*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*>

Masaki Residence

As Calawen sat among the glowing orb of the spell, still baffeled why it is
possibly taking so long, not worring considering he had never casted the
spell before, it might have been a spoof in the chant... Hoping the others
were alright, he began to see land much like the Faydark, but with a small
house in the distance, he glanced around and noticed, he had translocated,
into his Real Life form! Chris, looking over his spiffy new robes and items,
became comfortable with it, and begin to cast a Levitate spell, to his
supprise, it worked! he slowly began to walk forward, getting used to moving
without solid ground underneath him, he began to walk torwards the little
house in the distance.

<Sasami> *Glancing up from dusting the sidewalk* Who could that possibly be?

Tenchi also noticing the strange man hovering his way up to the house walked
up to greet the strange man.

<Tenchi> Excuse me, are you here to see the shrine?

<Chris> *Panting from the long run through the forest* To tell you the
truth, i dont know what im here for.

After colapsing to his knees from the extreme weight of his robes, and other
equipment, Sasami and Tenchi led him into the house to rest

<Chris> Thanks alot, I appreciate your kindness, but im still not sure why I
am here!

<Tenchi> Well, before we try and figure that out, let me introduce myself.
Im Tenchi Masaki. And this is Sasami Juria, Second Crown Princess of Juria.

<Chris> Im Chris, Pleased to meet both of you.

Ayeka hearing the conversation walked from her room to see what the
everthing was about, and why this strange man in such odd clothing was here.

<Ayka> Lord Tenchi, do we have a guest?

<Tenchi> Chris, this is Ayeka, Sasami's older sister, and first crown
princess of Juria. Ayeka, This is Chris. We havnt quite figured out where he
came from yet.

<Ayeka> Pleased to meet you.

<Chris> And you as well. But like I said this is all very confusing, I was
on Norrath begining to Translocate myself and a few groupmates to the land
of Luclin, and the next thing I know, I'm here!

<Washu> Ahh Translocate, I did some research on that many years ago, very
unstable. My guess is that on the way to this "Luclin" place, you
Translocated yourself not just to a new location, but time and
demension....... Oh, excuse me how rude of me. Im Washu-Chan, Greatest
Scientist in the Universe!

<Chris> Uh.... We'll that does make sense.... Im-

<Washu> Chris, I know, I overheard your conversation.

<Chris> The strangest thing is, I was teleported from Norrath, to Here, in
my Real Life form......... Speaking of Wich, where IS here?

<Tenchi> Japan.

<Chris> *Silent for a moment* Holyshit! not only am I in Japan, I can cast
spells too? Daaaamn, I dont play EverQuest enough!

<All> *Baffeled*

A few moments later, Ryoko overhearing the comotion floats in to check
everything out.

<Ryoko> Whoa, look at that guys get-up! *Snicker*

<Chris> Uhh.... Hey, do you mind me getting some decent clothes to wear?
this Crystaline Robe is starting to weigh on me.

A few minutes later Chris changes into some normal clothes.

<Tenchi> Hey, mind if I show you around a little bit? since you could be
here for a while.

<Chris> That would be great! Am I Gonna have ta sleep on a couch?

<Tenchi> Haha, No not at all, I'll speak to Washu about getting you a
dimensional bedroom.

<Chris> You mean I can customize my bedroom!?

<Tenchi> Thats right!

Almost going insane from excitement, Chris and Tenchi reach the shrine where
Yosho is sweeping and doing the usuall.

<Tenchi> Grandpa, I'd like you to meet Chris, He Teleported himself here by
accident.

<Yosho> Teleported? Thats a new one, but Im not suprised either, and
welcome!

<Chris> You own this place?

<Yosho> The Shrine yes, my son Naboyuki owns the house.

<Chris> Ahh, I'll need to thank him for letting me stay...... Speaking of
wich, how come there are so many people here?

<Tenchi> *Facefault* Long story...

<*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*>

Later that night...

<Chris> This is by far, the best food I've ever eaten, its like, all those
nights watching the food network and drooling, dont even come close to this!

<Sasami> *Giggle* Glad you like it, I cooked it myself!

<Chris> *Pauses with chopsticks still in his mouth* You cooked this?

<Sasami> Mmm, Hm.

<Chris> I like you already!

Sasami laughs and continues eating, Ryoko finished first and tosses her
plate in the sink and heads upstairs.

<Tenchi> Where are you going in such a rush Ryoko?

<Ryoko> I'm going to sleep early tonight, I have this uneasy feeling for
some reason and Im gonna sleep it off.

<Tenchi> Okay Ryoko, Good Night.

<*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*>

Next Day..

Everyone woke up around the same time the next day.... Except for Chris, he
slept longer then Ryoko did, and thats kinda hard to outdo. Apon waking up
Chris looks at the clock, it reads 12:34.. Thinking nothing of it he threw
on some clothes and headed downstairs. Everyone was supprised to see him
waking up so late, they were already preparing for Lunch...

<Chris> Did I miss something?

<Ryoko> Just about half the day thats all.

They all went into the kitchen to eat lunch, everyone wasnt still to sure
why Chris had slept so late, but they figured he had his reasons. After
lunch everyone headed to do their chores, Chris sat down in the living room
and fliped throught the stations on TV. Not to long after Sasami came in
from the kitchen from washing the dishes.

<Sasami> Why are you watching TV? Its a beutifull day outside!

<Chris> *Yawn* I dunno.

<Sasami> C'mon lets go outside, trust me, It'll be more fun then sitting
inside and watching TV.

<Chris> Okay, I'll take it from an expert.

They both went for a walk throught the woods to where Ryo (The Tree) was at,
they sat around the banks and stared down at the water. Chris staring at
Sasami's Reflection admireing her through the ripples. There was something
about her that cought his attention, and it wasnt just her cooking. It was a
comfortable feeling. Sasami broke the silence.

<Sasami> So what was it like where you came from?

<Chris> My real life, or on Norrath.

<Sasami> How about both?

<Chris> Well, My real life wasnt too interesting, live in america, alot of
stuff I dont think I should tell you though.

<Sasami> Like what?

<Chris> Stuff I Did.

Sasami started to get confused, but worried at the same time, Chris had this
dark tone to his voice, not like the one she heard at the table.

<Sasami> You can tell me. I wont say a word!

<Chris> If you wish to know, im 16, I have tons of cousins I... "Party"
with.

<Sasami> So, whats wrong with "Parties" ?

<Chris> They arent like a birthday party, more of a "Go get trashed" party.

<Sasami> Trashed? What do you mean?

<Chris> Its hard to explain...

<Sasami> Oh..... Well, What about Norrath? whats that place like?

Trying to change the subject, Chris peped up not long after mentioning
Norrath, he explained what it was like, all the diffrent people and places
to go. Sasami became very interested in this place. Let alone becoming very
interesting in Chris. They sat around the pond for hours, they decided to
head back to the house when the sun started to set, about half way through
the forest, she noticed how close her and Chris were walking, almost
brushing eachothers shoulders with each stride, but she didnt seem to mind,
she felt comfortable around Chris for some reason.

<*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*>

That Night

That night Sasami couldnt sleep, she couldnt stop thinking about her and
Chris. Why did he suddenly show up for no reason? Why was he so quiet when
she mentioned his life? These thoughts wondered through her head long into
the night. Then she began to wonder, why was she so interested in it in the
first place? What is it about this guy that she cant get off of her mind?
She thought of him just as a friend, just like Tenchi, but she had this
feeling for him she couldnt quite put her finger on.

Chris as well was up late thinking about the day he spent with Sasami, he
couldnt get her off his mind. Every time he would close his eyes, the
thought of her reflection in the water kept flashing through his mind. He
knew of course he was falling for her. But why? These thoughts consumed him
till about 3am before he drifted off to sleep.

<*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*>

Next Day

The next day was as odd as ever, Sasami didnt wake up till at least 8am, and
missed making breakfast, everyone was worried about her, but she just told
them she couldnt sleep last night was all. Chris awoke not too long after
Sasami. and she was already making preperations for Lunch. He walked into
the kitchen.

<Chris> Ohayo Sasami

<Sasami> Ohayo Chris, You sleep well?

<Chris> Negative, took me forever to fall asleep.

<Sasami> *giggle* Your not the only one that didnt sleep.

<Chris> Oh really? I wondered why you were in the bathroom at 8am.

<Sasami> I hope im not picking up any of your bad sleeping habits!

Not long after, Lunch was ready, everyone sat down at the table and began to
eat. Every once and a while Chris would look up and glance at Sasami. Then
would continue eating. When everyone was finishing up, Chris gave one final
glance at Sasami and noticed she was staring at him, she quickly looked away
and blushed. He too looked away and finished his plate, tossed it in the
sink and went outside to rest. Tenchi oversaw their constant glancing at one
another, and knew something was up. he rushsed throught he rest of his
lunch, and went outside to speak to Chris.

<Tenchi> Mind if I sit here with you?

<Chris> Not at all

<Tenchi> *sigh* I saw you two staring at eachother, what was it you two did
yesterday?

Chris was silent for a moment, supprised at the question to be so plainly
asked.

<Chris> We talked at the pond in the woods. Thats all...

<Tenchi> We'll you two were out there for quite a while, and neither of you
got much sleep, you sure theres nothing going on?

<Chris> No, not from my knowladge, but I think whatever it is, is just
begining.

<Tenchi> *nod* I think your falling for her.

Tenchi gives Chris a stupid grin

<Chris> You think? Is it that obvious?

<Tenchi> Its more then just obvious... I think she feels the same way.

<Chris> You cant predict that.

<Tenchi> I cant? I get those kinda glances at me from Ayeka and Ryoko daily,
I should know by know what they mean.

<Chris> Even if she does feel the same way, what diffrence is it going to
make?

<Tenchi> A big diffrence, tell her you have feelings for her.

<Chris> Ha... like its that easy.

<Tenchi> Things are only as hard as you make them seem.

A long silence went by, then Ayeka walked out from the house headed to do
her chores at the shrine.

<Tenchi> I might as well go also, I have work to do in the fields...
Remember what I told you Chris.

<Chris> *nods*

<*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*>

Several hours later

Everyone is sitting around the TV wathing soap operas. Chris is at the end
of the couch leaning on the arm rest, slowly starting to doze off. when
everyone hears a large explosion coming from the woods, everyone heads
outside to see what the comotion is all about... A few moments later a man,
a very odd looking man, in dark robes starts walking up the path torwards
the house. Everyone at this point is standing outside awating the strange
man.

<Man> I seek the one known as Calawen Ravencroft

<Tenchi> No one here has that name sir

"Yes there is"

Chris steps through the group to the man and says "I am Calawen Ravencroft,
what can I do for you?"

<Kuro> I am Kuro Yume, from the Combine Empire, I have been sent to inform
you of the one you know as Qualien Ravencroft.

<Chris> Yes, He's my brother, what has happened to him?

<Kuro> You of course know of the exploration to the land known as Luclin,
You and your brother were attending it correct?

<Chris> Yes, but whats that have to do anything?

<Kuro> Well not long after everyone started the exploration through the
forest they came to a large fortress, where the thought extinct Shissar
resided, a large battle took place outside of the gate, many of the
exploration managed to ecape, but unfortunatly, there were countless
casualties. Your brother resides among those.

A long silence overfell everyone as the black man turned and made his way
torward the forest. about half way he stoped, and began to laugh,
hystericly, almost insanely, then a large red force grew around him as his
robes riped from his body, the mans body was like anything anyone had ever
seen before! his face was a long, thin stout wich almost looked like a birds
beak. his body was thin and boney, covered in scales, his arms outstrached
from his shoulders with cold boney fingers, his tail extended from his back
side with spikes at the tip, he turned torawrds the group, his eyes gleaming
with purest of evil, his laughing grew and so did the force wich surrounded
him.

<Kuro> Dont Be Afraid Sir Calawen! You Shall Soon Reside With Your Brother
Among The Gates of HELL!

The Shissar began to chant a spell, everyone but Chris was frozen in terror
as the being shot a blast torwards the group, before Chris could react fast
enough, the blast sent Sasami flying into the side of the house, her body
was charred and scaved, as if beings of hell riped at her. Chris knelt over
her and held her head, she was breathing hard a few moments past the Shissar
stood before them laughing hystericly. Sasami rolled her head over in
Chris's hands and looked into his eyes, and she managed to speak a few words

<Sasami> I... I.......... L-Love.........You

A few moments later her eyes closed and her last gasp of air ecaped her
lungs as she went limp in his arms. Chris's eyes closed tight as tears
started to run down his face.

<Kuro> Come Sir Calawen, Bring Yourself Forth And DIE, Before I Come Over
There And Do It!

Chris slowly stood up, and opened his eyes, wich gleamed with a blue energy.
Turning to the Shissar he spoke, his voice was warped and phased as he spoke

<Calawen> First my brother, Now the one person I had feelings for! THIS
SHALL NOT GO UNPUNISHED!

A few moments later Chris let out a earshatering scream as he lifted into
the air and a blue aura surrounded him, His body began to glow a blinding
white as the hundred of souls of all those lost among the battle on Luclin
began to enter the glowing blurr, Qualien, Cleric of Tunare. Liltart, Druid
of Tunare, Kaniimasa, Warrior of Cazic-Thule, Shinigami, Shaman of
Cazic-Thule, and hundreds more gave their last bit of energy to him. the
white began to fade, and the screaming stoped, his body returned to normal,
only he once again wore robes. but not the Crystaline Robes wich he
presented himself in, but the holy robes of the elemental god, Soulesk Ro.
Calawen continued to hover in the air as he began to chant thousands of
spells, many increasing his, streangth, speed, and intelligence to
incredable hights.

<Calawen> Now let me show you what love can do to those of pure evil!

Chris instantly dissapeared, for a few moments all was silent, then a quiet
wisper of a voice began to arise, becoming louder and louder, Kuro peered
around in fear looking around trying to find where Calawen had went.

<Kuro> Calawen! Show Yourself! And Fight Like A Man!

The voice stoped and Calawen re-appeared above the group, and gave off one
final chant, and the clouds obove turned black, and thousands of lightning
bolts came streaming down from the sky like rivers of light from the heavens
came down and struck the Shissar, throwing him to his knees. his body
smoldering as he panted for recovery

<Calawen> That was for Liltart!

Again be began to chant of a language unknown to anyone, as a white glow
began to cover the Shissar and lifted him from the ground, and hundreds
spots of lights surrounded him and begand to zip into the orb, The Shissar
wreaked in pain as if the power of light almost seemed to rip away at his
flesh. the Shissar gave one final scream and the aura ended, and he fell to
the ground, he managed to scramble to his knees, grasping for air, as he
stared at Calawen in pure terror.

<Calawen> That was for Qualien

Calawen continued to chant again, in a language not known, and diffrent from
the others. As a green and red haze surrounded him and shot at Kuro like a
bolt of lightning, constricting the Shissars neck and chest, making him gasp
for air despritly trying to shake off the spell, with no avail.

<Calawen> That was for Shinigami

The wizard dissapeared once more, and reappeared behind the shissar, with a
mystical blade in his hand.

<Calawen> This is for Kaniimasa

He then took the blade and channeled it with energy and ramed it through the
beings back, the energy ran through its body like a virus, sapping his life
from him. Kuro fell to the ground, hardly still living, his aura of evil
completly depleted, as he lie there. Calawen began to chant one final spell,
but this time, they could understand the language he was speaking.

<Calawen> I call forth the power of Soulesk Ro and all of the other gods of
love, fear, and good, to vanquish this evil from this holoed ground for
eternity!

Calawens eyes glew red, as the spirits of Kaniimasa, Qualien, Shinigami, and
Liltart surrounded him and continued to repeat that same chant over and over
again, just then, Sasami's body began to glow a white aura, and Sasami's
soul, with Tsunami by her side floated to Calawens side and continued to
chant with the others, as the last chant was finished Calawens hands glew a
bright red, he closed his eyes, and pointed at the Shissar as the energy
channeled from his finger and shot at the Shissar, his body started ripping
to peices as if thousands of burning blades riped and thrashed his body to
hundreds of pieces, his soul glew a red as it left his body, and looked at
Calawen.

<Kuro> I have been slain, but you have made a fatal mistake, I am immortal
now! I shall show you the true power of the Shissar!

But before he could finish, the souls of Kaniimasa, Shinigami, Liltart, and
Qualien left Calawens side and flew torward the evil soul of the Shissar,
they entered his soul, his soul screamed in pain, its voice sent an ear
splitting screach as their souls riped it apart from the inside, thousands
of red shimmering dots flew through the air, and floated to the ground where
they disintigrated.

Calawen stoped glowing and fell to the ground in exsaustion, the souls
dissapeared, and so did his robes. He arose to his feet and walked over to
Sasami's body and began to speak.

<Chris> Brother, I'm Sorry, I should have been by your side and fought the
Shissar with you, just like you did for me now, I dont deserve to have a
brother as well as you, but I call to you one final time, give me you
healing powers to revive the one I love. Please brother.

Just then, a small glowing ball flew down from the sky and appeared before
everyone, and took shape of the cleric.

<Qualien> Brother, do not miss me, for I will always be by your side to help
you fight whatever it may be, And someday, we shall meet once again, and
fight by eachothers side once more.

Qualien placed his hand apon Chris's shoulder and Chris began to glow. a few
moments later the glowing stoped

<Qualien> Use that energy brother and revive her, it can be only used once,
but it will get the job done. Farewell Brother!

And the image of Qualien again morphed into a ball and dissapeared into the
heavens.

Chris then placed his hand on Sasami's hand and began to Channel his
brothers energy into her, he began to glow, about a minute later he was
still glowing, seeming to be straining to channel the energy, starting to
run out of energy, the energy began the channel. a few moments later the
glowing stoped, and Sasami opened her eyes. Chris shed a tear and smiled,
before passing out from exsaustion.

<*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*>

An Hour Later

An hour later, Chris awoke on the couch, with everyone around him.

<Sasami> Chris, Are you alright?

<Chris> I think so.

Just then Sasami threw her arms around him and locked in a kiss, wich lasted
a good minute or two. when she broke the kiss they stared into eachother
eyes for a moment.

<Sasami> I love you.

<Chris> And I love you.

A minute of silence went by before Ryoko broke it.

<Ryoko> SO............ When do we eat?

<All> RYOKO!!

<Ryoko> ............... what?

<*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*>

Forest Later That Night

All was calm and quiet at the Masaki home the rest of the night, but Chris
couldnt help but feeling a little bit uneasy about what just happened, but
managed to sleep like a brick that night. But somewhere someone was not
sleeping. A few small red dots began to arise from the ground and join one
another in the darkness of the forest, then fade out. and a faint chuckle
was heard, wich soon turned into a deep hysterical laugh.

TO BE CONTINUED

<*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*>

Autors Notes: Hope you enjoyed my first fic as much as I enjoyed writing it
for you, was thinking about sticking a drop of lemon into it, buuut, i didnt
think it would fit the story line too well. so i'll just keep it at a
romantic crossover. I rushed through it kinda fast, i'll remember to be more
detailed in future fics, but hey, you gotta give me credit, this is my first
one! if you wanna send me any feedback/flames/comments e-mail me at
Nataku123@hotmail.com

Goodnight Everybody! ^-^

Copyrite Chris Beltz 2001

-Chris Beltz (AKA Nataki Shadowfist)
