 No Need for Robots in Disguise
 By Anthos the Battlemage

DISCLAIMER: Tenchi Muyo! and all related names and characters are property
of Pioneer. The Transformers and all related names and characters are
property of Hasbro and Takara, Ltd. I do not own these characters, nor do I
claim any right to them. I am not doing this for any sort of profit; I only
do this for the sake of storytelling. Besides, I thought a crossover of
these two would be cool. Anyway, on with the show. Enjoy!

 It was a typical day at the Masaki residence. Sasami and the cabbit
Ryo-Ohki were in the kitchen preparing lunch while Mihoshi watched TV, Washu
worked down in her lab, and Ryoko and Ayeka fought once again over poor,
hapless Tenchi.
 "How many times do I have to tell you, LORD TENCHI IS MINE!" Ayeka screamed
at her cyan-haired rival. "We were meant to be together!"
 "Puh-lease, Ayeka, get real!" Ryoko shot back at the purple-haired
princess. "Why would he choose a stuck-up snob like you over someone like
me?" With that, Ryoko flashed Ayeka a malicious grin.
 "Ooh! You'll pay for that, Ryoko!" Ayeka fumed.
 Tenchi, who had been caught in the middle of their battle, could stand no
more. "That's it! I can't take much more of this!" he cried in desperation.
"I'm going out to the fields!" As Tenchi made his way outside to the carrot
fields, Ryoko and Ayeka resumed their battle.

 Tenchi sighed as he began pulling carrots out of the ground and putting
them in a basket beside him. Why do they always fight over me, he thought.
Sure, he was a crown prince of the planet Jurai and possessed a great power,
but he didn't consider himself special in any way. He was just Tenchi
Masaki, a seventeen-year-old Earthling from Okayama, Japan.
 Tenchi's train of thought was disrupted by a sudden sonic boom, and a
purple jet fighter came into view. It flew low to the ground, the canopy
opened, and a massive humanoid robot that was easily twenty-five feet tall
jumped out of the cockpit. It was purple and had a large orange cannon on
its right arm. As the first robot landed on the ground, the jet transformed
into yet another humanoid robot and landed next to the first.
 "So, this is the boy with the great power," the robot with the cannon
observed. "The old one overestimated him. He doesn't look like much."
 Tenchi was absolutely terrified. "Who...Who are you?" he stammered.
 "I am Galvatron, Decepticon leader and rightful ruler of Cybertron," the
robot replied. "And you are now my prisoner, human!"
 Tenchi backed away from Galvatron, and hit something metallic. Tenchi
turned around to see that he had backed into another robot. This one was
black and had some kind of missile launcher on its left shoulder. Tenchi
immediately ran off in the other direction.
 "Soundwave, capture him!" Galvatron barked at the black robot.
 "Rumble, Ratbat." the black robot called out in a cold monotone, opening a
panel in his chest. "Eject. Operation: Pursue and Capture."
 Two huge cassette tapes flew out of Soundwave's chest cavity. One
transformed into a mechanical bat, the other transformed into another
humanoid robot (this one much smaller than the others were). These two new
robots took off after Tenchi.
 Tenchi ran through the woods, Rumble (the robot) and Ratbat (the mechanical
bat) hot on his heels. Suddenly, Rumble stopped dead in his tracks.
 "You ain't getting away from me that easy!" the robot exclaimed as his arms
became pneumatic piledrivers. With piston-like movements, the piledrivers
slammed into the ground, causing tremors that knocked Tenchi flat on his
back.
 They've got me, Tenchi thought as Ratbat latched on to him and began to
lift him skyward. Then, Tenchi suddenly remembered- he had Tenchi-Ken! The
boy whipped the Jurai Master Key out of his pocket and ignited its energy
blade. Ratbat screeched in surprise and agony as the sword severed his right
wing. As Ratbat crashed to the ground, Tenchi landed deftly on his feet and
turned his attention to Rumble. Rumble turned to run, but was immediately
hacked in two by Tenchi-Ken's blade. As Rumble's two halves fell to the
ground, Tenchi deactivated his sword and headed home.

 Meanwhile, Galvatron was growing impatient. "Where are those incompetent
piles of scrap? They should be back with the boy by now!"
 "I believe, Lord Galvatron," said the purple jet-robot to his master, "that
Rumble and Ratbat have not returned because the boy has destroyed them.
Perhaps we should..."
 "Cyclonus, when I want your advice, I'll blast it out of you!" Galvatron
interrupted.
 "Still," Galvatron added thoughtfully, "you may be right. Soundwave," he
ordered, "send Lazerbeak to track the boy."
 "As you command, Galvatron," Soundwave replied obediently.

 Back at the Masaki residence, Tenchi had just relayed his story to Ryoko,
Ayeka, Sasami and Mihoshi. All were surprised and worried for Tenchi- Ayeka
most of all.
 "Oh, Lord Tenchi," Ayeka said as she put her arms around her one true love,
"I don't know what I'd do if those horrible robots did anything to you!"
 Ryoko pulled Ayeka away from Tenchi. "Get off of him, Princess, he doesn't
need you to mollycoddle him!" she said to Ayeka mockingly.
 "Ryoko! You're incorrigible!" Ayeka snapped.
 "You were attacked by giant robots? That is so cool!" Mihoshi exclaimed,
completely ignoring Ryoko and Ayeka. "Just like the evil Wargons on Space
Police Policemen!"
 Tenchi sighed at Mihoshi's unbridled stupidity. It was no secret that
Mihoshi was a total airhead, and that she was obsessed with that stupid TV
show Space Police Policemen.
 "No, NOT like the evil Wargons on Space Police Policemen!" Tenchi yelled.
"They were huge, and they transformed, and their leader's name was..."
 "Let me guess...Galvatron?" Washu interrupted. No one had noticed that the
petite, pink-haired scientist had emerged from her lab.
 "How do you know that?" Tenchi asked.
 "You forget who you're talking to," Washu smiled. "I am, after all, the..."
 "...Greatest scientific genius in the universe," Ryoko said, rolling her
eyes. "Jeez, how many times a day do we have to hear that?"
 Washu pretended Ryoko hadn't said anything. "Anyway, I know because I've
been keeping in touch with an Autobot scientist named Perceptor. He's filled
me in on this whole civil war between his faction of transforming robots,
the Autobots; and an evil faction called the Decepticons. Both factions hail
from Cybertron."
 "What the heck is Cybertron?" Tenchi asked, totally bewildered.
 Suddenly, Tenchi and the others found themselves in a classroom setting,
with Washu at the head of the class in her professor's gown and cap.
 "I'm glad you asked, Tenchi!" Washu said, as a picture of a planet appeared
behind her. The planet looked as though it was covered by one gigantic city.
 "This is Cybertron," Washu explained, indicating the picture behind her.
"At one time, millions of years ago, this world was lush with organic life.
But then a race known as the Quintessons populated this world with sentient
machines, capable of transforming into vehicles, weapons, and tools, as well
as humanoid form. These robots began building factories, cities, an entire
society, until all organic life was wiped out. I believe all of the organic
life-forms exist only as fossils now."
 "The robots were of two factions- the Autobots, designed for commercial
purposes; and the Decepticons, designed for military purposes. The
Decepticons decided they should rule Cybertron, but the Autobots would not
stand for their tyranny. So a civil war broke out between Autobot and
Decepticon- a conflict that has raged for over four million years.
 "Currently, the Autobot leaders are Rodimus Prime and Ultra Magnus, and the
Decepticon commander is Galvatron. Galvatron is not someone to trifle with-
he is very powerful after being augmented by the gargantuan planet-eating
Transformer Unicron, and quite insane after being thrown into a lava pit by
Rodimus Prime."
 When Washu had finished with her riveting lecture, Ayeka raised her hand.
"Yes, Ayeka, do you have a question?" Washu asked.
 "Yes," Ayeka responded ever so politely. "Whatever could Galvatron want
with Lord Tenchi?"
 "My guess is that Galvatron somehow got wind of Tenchi's power and wants it
for some diabolical end," Washu replied.
 Sasami raised her hand. "What can we do to help Tenchi?"
 "I'm one step ahead of you, Sasami!" Washu beamed. "While I gave my
lecture, I put in an urgent message to Perceptor. He and a few other
Autobots should be here any minute."
 The classroom dematerialized, and Tenchi and the others found themselves
back in the living room of Tenchi's house. "Outside, everyone!" Washu
ordered. Tenchi and the others stepped outside of the house to find that a
massive spacecraft had landed by the lake.

 "Washu! It is so delightful to finally make your acquaintance in person!" a
red twenty-foot tall robot greeted Washu. He had a tube resembling some kind
of light cannon on his shoulder.
 "Nice to meet you too, Perceptor," Washu said to the Autobot scientist. As
the two walked toward one another, Perceptor jumped back in shock.
 "Washu, I didn't realize you'd be so...miniscule!" Perceptor exclaimed.
 Washu smiled. "Why do you think I wanted you to call me Little Washu?"
 "Well, despite your juvenile appearance, the fact remains that you are over
twenty thousand years of age."
 Washu shrugged her shoulders. "I can't help that I'm well-preserved!"
 "At any event," Perceptor continued, "I'd like you to meet some of my
fellow Autobots." As Perceptor said those words, two Autobots emerged from
the shuttle. One was blue, red and white and had small missile launchers on
each shoulder. The other was red and had a flame motif painted on his armor.
Both robots were at least twenty-five feet tall.
 "May I introduce the Autobot commanders," Perceptor began, "Ultra Magnus
and Rodimus Prime."
 "It is an honor and a pleasure to meet you, Washu," said the blue-red-white
robot, Ultra Magnus.
 "Perceptor has told us great things about you," Rodimus Prime, the red
flame-bot, agreed.
 "Thank you," replied Washu, bowing. "Allow my friends to introduce
themselves."
 "Hi! I'm Tenchi Masaki, crown prince of Jurai," Tenchi said. Upon hearing
the word "prince", Magnus and Rodimus bowed deeply.
 "It is a great honor, Prince Tenchi," Rodimus said to Tenchi.
 "Please, just Tenchi will do," Tenchi said sheepishly.
 Ayeka stepped forward. "I am Princess Ayeka, also of planet Jurai," she
began. "The little girl with the blue pig-tails is my younger sister,
Sasami."
 "Hi!" Sasami piped up, waving.
 Perceptor turned to Washu. "I had no idea you lived in the presence of
royalty!"
 Washu rolled her eyes. "Trust me, it's no big deal."
 It was now Ryoko's turn. "Space pirate Ryoko, at your service!" she
introduced.
 "Did someone say pirate?" wondered another robot, who was just coming out
of the ship. This one was blue-gray and had the appearance of a grizzled old
war veteran. "I remember meeting some dame with green hair somewhere near
Alpha Centauri who said she was some kind of pirate. Cleaned my clock, too.
Say, wasn't that you?"
 "Yeah! That was nine hundred years ago!" Ryoko exclaimed. "You're not
nursing a grudge, are you?"
 "No, that was a long time ago," the robot replied. "So you're Ryoko, eh?
I'm Kup."
 "It may interest you, Kup," Perceptor interjected, "that Ryoko is a
creation of Washu's."
 "Ain't that somethin'?" Kup exclaimed.
 "Detective First Class Mihoshi, of the Galaxy Police!" Mihoshi piped up.
 "I thought I heard somethin' about police!" said yet another robot coming
out of the Autobot shuttle. This one was maroon and had a conical head. "If
you guys patrolled around Cybertron, ol' Powerglide would've been behind
bars a long time ago for reckless flyin'!"
 Powerglide then noticed Ryo-Ohki nestled in Sasami's arms. "Say, little
missy, ol' Powerglide's got a question for ya- what kind of rodent is that
ya got there?" he asked.
 Sasami obviously took offense to Ryo-Ohki being called a rodent. "She's not
a rodent, she's a cabbit!" she snapped. "And her name is Ryo-Ohki!"
 "Meow!" Ryo-Ohki chimed in.
 "Sorry, Ol' Powerglide didn't mean nothin' by it!"
        By this time, another Autobot emerged from the shuttle. This one was
pink and white and feminine in design. "Hi! I'm Arcee," she said to the
group of humans.
 "I'm Tenchi," Tenchi waved. "You know, you're kind of pretty for a robot."
 "Thanks," Arcee replied. "You're kinda cute, for a human."
 Upon hearing this exchange, Ryoko and Ayeka were beside themselves with
fury. Ryoko teleported to Tenchi's side, fuming. "Tenchi, please tell me you
are not flirting with that...that...ROBOT!"
 "You stay out of this, Ryoko!" Ayeka seethed. She then turned her attention
to a very surprised and dumbfounded Arcee. "You stay away from my Lord
Tenchi, you mechanical hussy!" she screamed at the bewildered female
Autobot.
 "YOUR Lord Tenchi? Tenchi is mine!" Ryoko shouted. And so the two began
fighting over Tenchi yet again.
 Suddenly, a powerful-looking green robot stepped out of the spaceship. He
turned his attention to the warring Ryoko and Ayeka, crossing his arms and
frowning. "Relax, ladies," the robot said with very little patience, "the
lady Autobot is with me!"
 When Ryoko and Ayeka laid eyes on this new Autobot, they fell silent almost
immediately. "Who is that?" Ayeka said meekly.
 "That's my boyfriend, Springer," Arcee replied. She then turned to Tenchi.
"Are they always like this?"
 "Most of the time," said Tenchi. "Nice to meet you, Springer!"
 Springer nodded. "Any friend of Washu's is a friend of mine. Perceptor has
good taste in associates."
 "So anyway, what's this all about?" Rodimus Prime asked finally.
 "I'll explain," Washu replied.

 Washu told Perceptor, Ultra Magnus, Rodimus Prime and the other Autobots
about Tenchi's encounter with Galvatron. When she had finished, Magnus began
contemplating the situation.
 "So Galvatron needs Tenchi for some purpose, that much is clear," the
Autobot second-in-command said, stroking his chin. "But for what?"
 "Washu believes that Galvatron wants to harness Tenchi's power," Perceptor
replied. "The boy is capable of forming the Wings of the Light Hawk."
 "The Wings of the Light Hawk?"
 "A formidable power indeed," Washu explained. "A weapon that is both sword
and shield."
 "And from what Washu has told me before," Perceptor added, "this power
rivals that of the Autobot Matrix of Leadership."
 "Well lad, looks like you're under our protection for a while," Kup said to
Tenchi.
 Tenchi groaned. This is all I need, he thought, more houseguests. And these
guys are huge- where the heck are they gonna stay?
 "Well, I think the best place to go would be Cybertron," Washu decided.
"Galvatron would have you for sure if we stayed here, Tenchi."
 Hearing this, Tenchi heaved a sigh of relief. At least now he wouldn't have
to worry about lodgings for giant transforming robots.
 "You're welcome to come aboard our shuttle," Rodimus Prime offered.
 "That's okay," Sasami said. "We've got Ryo-Ohki!"
 With that, the tiny cabbit leaped out of Sasami's arms and into the air.
The Autobots were awestruck to see Ryo-Ohki become a massive crystalline
spaceship. It picked up Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami, Washu and Mihoshi in
its tractor beam, and then did the same to Tenchi's house. The Autobots
boarded their shuttle, and the two spacecraft took off for Cybertron.
 No one noticed a mechanical hawk had been watching their every move,
recording everything it saw and heard. Retracting a spy camera into its
head, the metal bird took off in another direction.

 The mechanical hawk flew out of Earth's atmosphere, towards a huge starship
in geosynchronous orbit with Okayama, Japan. The ship's bow was crafted in
the image of a giant goddess. The mysterious metal avian flew through the
bowels of the ship until it reached the bridge- where Galvatron was waiting
for it.
 "Welcome back, Lazerbeak," the Decepticon commander said to the hawk, who
had just landed on his arm. "I trust you were successful in your mission."
 Lazerbeak shrieked in response.
 "Good," Galvatron said, grinning wickedly as Lazerbeak flew off of his arm
and towards Soundwave, who stood next to a computer terminal. "Soundwave,"
Galvatron ordered, "play back Lazerbeak's findings."
 "As you command, Galvatron," Soundwave obeyed. Lazerbeak transformed into a
cassette tape and went into Soundwave's chest cavity. Soundwave then
transformed into a tape recorder and connected himself to the computer
terminal. All that Lazerbeak had seen and heard was now being displayed on a
computer monitor.
 As Galvatron listened intently to Washu's conversation with Ultra Magnus
and Perceptor about the Wings of the Light Hawk, a voice disrupted his train
of thought.
 "I see you let the boy slip through your grasp," said an old man with a
beard resembling octopus tentacles that had just emerged from the shadows.
He wore a robe and a Pi symbol on his hat, and was tiny compared to
Galvatron. "Now the Autobots are helping him, making him all the more
difficult to capture."
    "Doctor Clay, you MEDDLER!" Galvatron bellowed at the old man. "I told
you to stay out of this! I will have the boy for you in due time!"
 "Remember our agreement, Galvatron," Doctor Clay said coolly, "you get me
the boy, I give you the technology you need to win Cybertron back from the
Autobots."
 "I'm well aware of our agreement, Doctor!" Galvatron replied, scowling. He
then turned to Soundwave. "Soundwave, contact the Constructicons. Tell them
that the human Tenchi Masaki is on Cybertron, and I want him alive! I'm
going to scramble Scourge and the Sweeps!"
 As Galvatron and Soundwave went to perform their tasks, Doctor Clay turned
to a huge shadow-cloaked figure beside him. "Galvatron is a wild card," the
good Doctor said to the figure. "You may have to assume command if he
fails."
 "Rest assured," the mysterious being said in a high, cold voice, "that
where Galvatron will fail, I will succeed."

Meanwhile, Tenchi and the gang had just arrived on Cybertron. Ryo-Ohki had
just dropped off her passengers and cargo and assumed her cabbit form once
more. Tenchi and the others were awestruck by this gleaming metal Utopia.
Tenchi walked around, admiring the sights, and wasn't watching where he was
going. He hit something hard, looked up, and found himself staring into the
blue eyes of a massive mechanical Tyrannosaurus.
 "Hey! Watch where you going!" the robotic beast bellowed.
 Tenchi jumped back in surprise. "AAAHH! It's a giant metal lizard!"
 "Me Grimlock not lizard," the robo-dino retorted, "Me Dinobot king!"
 Suddenly, more mechanical dinosaurs appeared- a Triceratops, a
Brontosaurus, a Stegosaurus and a Pteranodon. Tenchi was absolutely
terrified.
 Luckily, Kup came to Tenchi's rescue. "Relax, lad, the Dinobots are on our
side," he told the startled Earthling. "The Triceratops is Slag, the Bronto
is Sludge, the Stegosaurus is Snarl, and the flier is Swoop. I believe
you've already met Grimlock."
 "Uh, yeah," Tenchi acknowledged. "Sorry for bumping into you, Grimlock."
 "That okay," Grimlock responded. "Me Grimlock sorry me scare you."
 Ryoko appeared out of nowhere. Not realizing the Dinobots were friendly,
she rushed to Tenchi's side, ready to defend her love from these monsters.
 Ryoko ignited an energy blade in her right hand. "If you creeps harm one
hair on Tenchi's head, I'll..."
 "Me Grimlock not hurt Tenchi," was Grimlock's response to Ryoko's threat.
"Tenchi friend to Dinobots!"
 "Me Sludge confused," the mechanical Brontosaurus, Sludge, observed. "How
she appear like that?"
 "Maybe she have magic powers," Snarl, the Stegosaurus, said.
 Ryoko deactivated her beam-sword, and looked at Sludge in disbelief. She
then turned to Kup. "Not very bright, are they?" she asked the aged Autobot.
 "Shush! You don't want to get on their bad side!" Kup hissed.
 Meanwhile, in a section of the shuttle hangar, Sasami and Powerglide were
getting to know one another a little better.
 "I really like to cook," Sasami was telling the flighty Autobot. "Everybody
says I'm the best cook in the whole universe!"
 "I wish I could agree, except we Autobots don't eat," Powerglide said, a
little forlorn. "We're powered by Energon."
 "Well, you're a robot, of course you don't eat!" Sasami smiled sweetly.
"So, what do you like to do, Powerglide?"
 "Scoutin' and stunt flyin' are ol' Powerglide's specialties!" the Autobot
flier replied. "I...Hey!" Powerglide was cut short as a glowing stone hit
him in the back of the head. A high-pitched giggling could be heard.
 "Girl find, look behind!" a tiny orange Autobot, who was behind Powerglide,
said in a high-pitched, sing-songy voice. A slingshot could be seen in its
hand.
 "Wheelie, how many times do I have to tell you," Powerglide scolded,
rubbing the back of his head, "You could put an eye out with that thing!"
 "Twist, curl, who's the girl?" Wheelie inquired.
 Powerglide sighed in mild frustration. "That's Sasami, and I expect you to
be nice to her!"
 "Hi! So you're Wheelie, right?" Sasami asked.
 "Wheelie's my name, Autobot's my game!" the child-like Autobot replied.
"Wheelie say, wanna play?"
 "Sure!" Sasami squealed in delight.
 By this time, elsewhere, Ayeka, Springer and Arcee had joined Tenchi,
Ryoko, Kup and the Dinobots.
 "So Tenchi, what do you think of Cybertron so far?" Springer asked.
 "It's amazing," Tenchi replied. "Although a few things may take some
getting used to." With that, he shot a glance at Grimlock.
 Ayeka and Ryoko, meanwhile, were trying to bury the hatchet with Arcee.
 "I'm sorry I called you a hussy, Arcee," Ayeka apologized. "It's just that
I get so jealous when I think Tenchi is flirting with another woman."
 "That's okay, Princess," Arcee told Ayeka. "You just didn't know about
Springer and I."
 "You just don't want to get blasted to atoms by her boyfriend, Princess,"
Ryoko muttered under her breath.
 "WHAT WAS THAT?" Ayeka exclaimed.
 "Oh, nothing."
 Just as Ryoko and Ayeka were about to duke it out, a fleet of blue
hovercraft came swooping out of the sky. They stopped in mid-air, and the
lead hovercraft transformed into a winged Decepticon robot. "We've come for
the boy," he issued his ultimatum. "Hand him over to us and no harm will
befall you."
 "Me Grimlock no think so!" The Dinobot commander proceeded to blast the
Decepticon with a stream of fire from his mouth.
 The Decepticon didn't take too kindly to this affront. "Sweeps, terminate
the boy's friends, but Galvatron wants the boy alive!" he ordered his
hovercraft support troops.
 As the Sweeps began their attack, Tenchi and Ryoko ignited their energy
swords and steeled themselves for the assault. The Dinobots assumed humanoid
form and readied their weapons. "Princess Ayeka! I can take you to safety!"
Arcee offered as she transformed into a hovercar.
 "Thank you, Arcee," Ayeka replied. "But not before I give Tenchi some
protection. Azaka! Kamidake!"
 Ayeka's Guardians, robots that resembled logs, appeared out of thin air.
Azaka had a red symbol on its front; Kamidake had a blue symbol.
 "Attack! Protect Lord Tenchi!" Ayeka ordered her Guardians.
 "Yes Ma'am!" the log-like robots said in unison. The two appeared at
Tenchi's side instantly as Ayeka and Arcee made their getaway.
 "Thanks, guys, I'm gonna need all the help I can get!" Tenchi exclaimed as
he fired energy blasts from Tenchi-Ken at the oncoming Sweeps. The two
Guardians fired lasers from their singular eyes at the attacking
Decepticons.
 Ryoko and Swoop, the Pteranodon Dinobot, flew through the air, firing
lasers and energy blasts at the Sweeps "Me Swoop no like that Scourge!" the
Dinobot exclaimed.
 "Scourge?" Ryoko inquired. "I'm guessing he's the one who demanded Tenchi."
 "Right!" Swoop agreed.
 "Well, I don't like him either!" Ryoko said as her energy sword cleaved a
Sweep in two.
  Just as Tenchi, Ryoko and the Dinobots gained the upper hand, six yellow
and purple construction vehicles came to aid Scourge and his Sweeps.
 "Constructicons, it's about time you showed up!" Scourge yelled at this new
group of Decepticons. "Destroy the boy's friends!"
 "With pleasure!" the lead Constructicon, a front-end loader named Scrapper,
agreed. "Constructicons, unite!"
 The six Constructicons began to combine and transform into one huge robot.
A robot named...
 "Devastator," Kup whispered.
 "YOU WILL KNEEL BEFORE MY POWER!" Devastator bellowed. With that, the
Constructicon gestalt began attacking the Dinobots.
 Snarl and Sludge transformed back into their dinosaur forms, and engaged
Devastator- only to be knocked flat on their backs. Swoop flew in low and
sent Devastator reeling, but not before being knocked out of the sky by a
mighty blow from the Decepticon super-robot.
 Seeing that the Dinobots were at a disadvantage, Tenchi ran to their aid.
Azaka and Kamidake could do nothing to stop Tenchi from running up to
Devastator.
 Devastator looked down at this tiny human who apparently wanted to battle
him. "DO YOU HAVE SOME KIND OF DEATH WISH?" the gestalt growled at Tenchi.
"I COULD CRUSH YOU WITH MY LITTLE FINGER!"
 "I won't let you hurt my new friends," Tenchi said as he deactivated
Tenchi-Ken and threw it to the ground. "I will defeat you."
 "AND HOW DO YOU EXPECT TO DO THAT WITHOUT YOUR WEAPON?" Devastator scoffed.
"YOU ISSUE A CHALLENGE, THEN YOU GIVE UP! WHAT IS THE MEANING OF THIS?"
 Tenchi ignored Devastator's taunt, closed his eyes, and concentrated.
Suddenly, a triumvirate of glowing, translucent wing-like sails materialized
in front of him. Two of the wings became Tenchi's battle armor; the third
became a sword. Devastator was surprised and terrified to see that this
young human was more powerful than he seemed.
 "What is he doing?" Kup asked, totally bewildered.
 Ryoko looked at Tenchi all starry-eyed. "He's formed the Light Hawk Wings!
That big lummox is going down!" she cried.
 Without a moment's hesitation, Tenchi leaped into the air and slashed
Devastator down the middle with his Light Hawk saber. With a final scream of
anguish, the Constructicon gestalt was vaporized.
 As Tenchi's Light Hawk armor and sword disappeared, Ryoko flew up to Tenchi
and gave him a bear hug. "Oh, Tenchi my darling," the gold-eyed space pirate
cooed, "you were wonderful!"
 Kup and Grimlock looked on, as Tenchi stood dumbstruck. Then they noticed a
trickle of blood coming from Tenchi's nose. When Ryoko had freed Tenchi from
her embrace, the two Autobots ran up to the victorious warrior.
 "Are you all right, lad? You're bleeding!" Kup said to Tenchi.
 Tenchi noticed that his nose was bleeding, and wiped the blood off with his
sleeve. "Yeah, that happens when Ryoko does something like that. I tense up,
and then I get a nosebleed," he admitted. "I don't know why. I like her, but
I'm kinda afraid to tell her, ya know?"
 "Jittery around the fairer sex, are you, my boy?" Kup chuckled.
 Grimlock just couldn't stop laughing. "Me Grimlock like you, Tenchi," he
said, trying to catch his breath, "You funny!"
 Tenchi narrowed his eyes at Grimlock. "Yeah, funny, Grimlock."
 Washu, Perceptor, Sasami, Powerglide and Wheelie had arrived on the scene,
as well as Ayeka and Arcee. "What happened?" inquired Washu.
 "Tenchi just destroyed Devastator with one hit!" Springer, who had been
fighting Sweeps in the form of a helicopter, told Washu.
 "That's great, Tenchi!" Sasami congratulated.
 "He gave us a demonstration of those Light Hawk Wings of his!" added Kup.
 "Well, they must be powerful if they can destroy a gestalt with one blow,"
Perceptor observed.
 Tenchi looked around. "Uh, where's Mihoshi?"
 "Well, When I last checked," Perceptor replied, "Detective Mihoshi was
fiddling with my experimental interplanetary teleporter and... Oh dear."
 Tenchi slapped his forehead. "Don't tell me she's on another planet right
now!"
 Washu called up her holographic keypad and applied a few keystrokes.
"Luckily, she ended up on the Planet of Junk, which isn't far from here,"
Washu assured the group. "I'll get us some transport." A few keystrokes
later, a huge mechanical dragon, almost as big as Devastator, appeared out
of thin air.
 "What happened? Where am I?" the massive Autobot demanded.
 "Sky Lynx, we need your assistance," Perceptor said to the robot. "One of
Washu's friends has gone and teleported herself to the Planet of Junk."
 "And I suppose you need me to get you there," Sky Lynx said, a little
annoyed. "A waste of my magnificence, but I guess I can help you."
 "Thank you, Sky Lynx," Washu smiled.
 As Sky Lynx assumed the form of a space shuttle and Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka,
Sasami, Ryo-Ohki, Springer, Arcee, Washu, Perceptor and Grimlock climbed
aboard, Scourge, unbeknownst to anyone, had shifted to his hovercraft form
and flew off into deep space.

 Scourge made his way toward Doctor Clay's goddess ship, which by now was en
route to Cybertron. When he had told Galvatron what had happened, the
Decepticon commander was infuriated.
 "WHAT!?" Galvatron screamed at his servitor, Scourge. "He destroyed
Devastator with one blow? That's impossible!"
 "What I tell you is the truth, Galvatron," Scourged sniveled. "We were
unable to catch him."
 Doctor Clay sighed. "I never should have entrusted you to do this task,
Galvatron," he said. "I'm afraid you'll have to relinquish command of this
mission."
 "You can't do that!" Galvatron exclaimed. "Who is better than I to complete
this mission?"
 "I am," a red-and-gray robot with blue arms, who had emerged from the
shadows, replied. "I always knew I was the better leader, 'almighty'
Galvatron."
 "Starscream! NO!" Galvatron yelled in surprise and fury. "It can't be! I
reduced you to a handful of dust!"
 "The good Doctor was kind enough to rebuild me," Starscream told Galvatron.
"And now he's given me command of this little undertaking!"
 "I obey only Galvatron," Soundwave, who was standing on the sidelines,
said.
 "Why would I follow a duplicitous scrapheap like you?" Scourge exclaimed,
agreeing with Soundwave.
 "I didn't expect you to," Starscream told them. "Besides, I have my own
forces."
 Hearing these words, Doctor Clay typed a command on a holographic keypad
that appeared before him, and two Decepticons appeared- one in the form of a
missile carrier truck, the other a mechanical two-headed dragon. These new
Decepticons assumed their robot forms and went to Starscream's side.
 "Doctor Clay has given me command of the Combaticons and the Terrorcons,"
Starscream explained, grinning wickedly. "What do you think of Galvatron,
Hun-Gurr?"
 The two-headed dragon robot, Hun-Gurr, growled. "Galvatron, you are as
incompetent as you are insane!" he snarled. "Am I right, Onslaught?"
 "I don't particularly like Starscream," the missile carrier, Onslaught,
agreed, "but I'd rather follow him than a malfunctioning piece of scrap iron
like you, Galvatron!"
 Scourge narrowed his eyes. "Well, if you must know, Starscream," he told
the new commander reluctantly, "Tenchi and his friends are heading to the
Planet of Junk."
 "Excellent!" Starscream exclaimed. "Onslaught, Hun-Gurr, send your
Combaticons and Terrorcons to that location."
 The Terrorcon leader and the Combaticon commander bowed, and went off to
board a shuttle bound for Junkion, the Planet of Junk.

 Meanwhile, Sky Lynx had just landed on the surface of the Planet of Junk,
unloaded his passengers, and assumed his dragon form.
 "Well, we're here," Sky Lynx told Perceptor and Washu. "Any more grunt-work
for me to do?"
 "You know, you need to tone down that ego a bit," Washu frowned at the
massive avian Autobot. "It's not like we're asking you to donate your wings
to science or anything." Sky Lynx cringed at the thought.
 "Me Grimlock been here before," Grimlock said, looking around. "Me Grimlock
say- this place messy!"
 Tenchi looked around, and saw that the Dinobot was absolutely right. This
planet was aptly named, Tenchi thought. It's one big landfill!
 The surface of Junkion was covered in a hodgepodge of scrap iron, old
broken appliances, and pools of old motor oil. I don't think anything lives
here, Tenchi thought.
 As Tenchi and the gang began to explore the uneven terrain, two groups of
robots swooped out of the sky. One group was a collection of military
vehicles- a missile truck, a helicopter, a Jeep, a tank and a space shuttle.
The other was a motley crew of mechanical beasts- A two-headed dragon, a
slimy gorilla-like creature, a shark with arms and legs, a vulture and a
two-headed dog.
 "The Combaticons and Terrorcons!" Springer exclaimed as he readied a laser
pistol.
 Tenchi ignited Tenchi-Ken once more, and Ryoko ignited her own
energy-sword. Before they could attack, however, Sky Lynx stepped forward.
"Step back, humans," the massive mechanical beast called to Tenchi and
Ryoko, "and let a real warrior handle this!"
 Tenchi and Ryoko stood in disbelief of Sky Lynx's arrogance as he split
into a mechanical panther and a mechanical dino-bird and the two beasts
engaged the Terrorcons and Combaticons.
 As the panther bounded toward the group of Terrorcons, the leader, the
two-headed dragon Hun-Gurr roared with rage and hatred. "Terrorcons," he
called out, "Merge to form...ABOMINUS!" All five monsters combined into the
massive gestalt Abominus.
 At the same time, as the dino-bird flew to engage the Combaticons,
Onslaught, their leader, decided forming a gestalt was the best course of
action. "Merge to form BRUTICUS!" he called to his fellow Combaticons. Like
the Terrorcons, the Combaticons combined to form the gestalt Bruticus.
 The panther fired a blast of flame at Abominus, and the super-robot
responded by nailing the beast with a mighty right hook. The dino-bird fired
a volley of missiles at Bruticus, but was felled by a blast from Bruticus's
laser rifle. Bruticus then flung the bird towards the panther, which lay on
the scrap-covered ground.
 Just as it seemed that Abominus was going to destroy the two halves of the
foolish Sky Lynx, a rumbling could be heard underground. Suddenly, a
tank-like vehicle with a drill on its front bored out of the ground beneath
Abominus's feet, knocking the gestalt off-balance. The drill-tank then
transformed into a robot, then turned to Tenchi, Ryoko, and the other
Autobots. "Jeez, you try to get a little R & R, then ya gotta go right back
to work!"
 "Who are you?" Tenchi asked, relieved at the 'Bot's arrival.
 "Nosecone, of the Technobots," the robot replied. "My Technobot comrades
should be here any microsecond. Hey, speak of Unicron- here come Afterburner
and Lightspeed now!"
 Hardly had Nosecone said anything when a futuristic-looking racecar and a
motorcycle blazed around a mountain of scrap metal to join the battle,
firing lasers and missiles at Bruticus and Abominus. As both gestalts fell
to the ground in a daze, the two vehicles transformed into robots and joined
Nosecone.
 "We saw you were in the neighborhood, and thought you could use our help,"
the car-robot said to Tenchi and the gang. "By the way, I'm Lightspeed."
 "Afterburner's the name, moving fast's my game!" the motorcycle-bot chimed
in.
 "Whoa, you guys are amazing!" Ryoko congratulated.
 "Most impressive, gentlemen," Ayeka agreed.
 Nosecone chuckled. "You guys haven't even seen Strafe and Scattershot yet!"
 As Abominus and Bruticus slowly regained consciousness, a large spaceship
and a smaller space fighter came swooping through the skies above Junkion.
Both of these new Transformers assumed their robot forms and landed next to
Nosecone, Afterburner and Lightspeed. "Having fun, gentlemen?" the larger of
the two space-bots said to the land-based Technobots.
 "Wouldn't be a party without you, Scattershot!" Lightspeed exclaimed.
 Strafe, the space fighter, interrupted Lightspeed and Scattershot. "Cut the
chatter, boys, the big bozos are coming to!"
 "I don't need your help! I can take them both myself!" Sky Lynx, who had
reassumed his dragon form, called to the Technobots.
 "Just let us handle those two, okay?" Scattershot said to the arrogant Sky
Lynx with very little patience. "Besides, you're damaged, so stay out of the
way until we can get you repaired."
 Sky Lynx growled in protest, but nodded his head in agreement. Scattershot
was right- he had suffered heavy damage at the hands of Abominus and
Bruticus. With that, Scattershot turned to the other Technobots.
"Technobots," he ordered, "Merge to form Computron!"
 The five Technobots combined into a heroic gestalt- Scattershot formed the
torso and head, Strafe formed the left arm, Afterburner formed the right
arm, Lightspeed formed the right leg, and Nosecone became the left leg.
 Tenchi and Ryoko looked on as Computron just stood in one spot while the
two Decepticon gestalts staggered to their feet. "What are you doing?" Ryoko
yelled. "Don't just stand there like a Juraian stump, DO SOMETHING!"
 Just as Ryoko said that, Computron withdrew two massive blasters out of
their holding place in subspace. "DATA ANALYSIS COMPLETE- ENGAGE BOTH
TARGETS SIMULTANEOUSLY," Computron called out.
 The Technobot gestalt began firing his blasters at Abominus and Bruticus,
sending them reeling once more. However, as Computron gained the upper hand,
Bruticus used his laser rifle to knock the blasters out of Computron's
hands.
 "WE HAVE YOU NOW, COMPUTRON!" Abominus bellowed.
 Suddenly, a roaring of engines could be heard, and a group of orange-brown
robots on matching motorcycles came into view. The lead rider however, was
not a robot- it was a human. A female human. A BLONDE female human.
 "Mihoshi!" Tenchi called out as he began taking pot shots at Bruticus with
Tenchi-Ken.
 "This is Detective Mihoshi and Deputy Wreck-Gar of the Galaxy Police!"
Mihoshi cried out. "You two big creeps are under arrest!" Her bike stopped,
and she climbed off, laser pistol in hand. The motorcycle she was riding
transformed into a robot with a sawblade-like battle-axe and a long Fu
Manchu moustache.
 "Book 'em, Danno!" Mihoshi's robot companion said in a British accent. He
sounded like a member of the Monty Python comedy troupe. "Space Police
Policemen!"
 "You said it, Wreck-Gar!" Mihoshi smiled as she began taking shots at
Abominus with her blaster. The two gestalts found themselves surrounded by
Mihoshi's new friends, hacking away at their legs with their battle-axes.
 "Yes, friends, these are the new-and-improved Junkions!" Wreck-Gar said as
if narrating a TV commercial. "They slice, they dice, they make julienne
fries out of overgrown bucketheaded robots!"
 A few Junkions were knocked off their bikes, but quickly got back up and
began attacking again. "They take a licking and keep on ticking!" Mihoshi
added.
 "RETREAT!" Bruticus screamed. The two gestalts split back into the
individual Terrorcons and Combaticons and headed for outer space.
 "THANK YOU FOR THE ASSISTANCE, WRECK-GAR," Computron said. "DATA ANALYSIS
CONFIRMS THAT IF YOUR JUNKIONS HAD NOT INTERVENED, I WOULD HAVE BEEN
OVERWHELMED AND DEFEATED."
 "Aw, 'twern't nothin, pardner!" the lead Junkion replied in a mock Western
accent. "There's a new sheriff in town!"
 "Mihoshi, you're beautiful!" Ryoko exclaimed, flying up to Mihoshi and
hugging her. "You saved us all!"
 "Thanks, but you should really thank my new friends," said Mihoshi.
"They're really cool! They love TV as much as I do!"
 Sky Lynx, meanwhile, was being repaired by a group of Junkions. "Watch it,
peons! Don't ding my outer hull!" he was complaining.
 "Sky Lynx, you need to be a little more grateful," Washu sighed. " These
guys are helping you!"
 Once Sky Lynx was repaired, Tenchi and the gang were off to Cybertron once
more.

 "What!? You let the boy escape?" Starscream shrieked at Hun-Gurr and
Onslaught.
 "We tried, Commander Starscream," Onslaught told the Decepticon
second-in-command, "but he had help from Computron and the Junkions."
 Doctor Clay stepped between Starscream and Onslaught. "I see you fared no
better then Galvatron, my friend," he sighed. "No matter. I have other ways
of getting what I want." With that, he typed another command on his
holo-keypad.
 Starscream, Galvatron, and the other Decepticons watched the ship's
viewscreen as a massive planet-sized machine materialized out of nowhere. It
was green and had a pair of huge orange mandibles.
 "No," Galvatron whispered. "Unicron!"
 "YOU HAVE NEED OF ME, DOCTOR?" Unicron bellowed to Doctor Clay.
 "I want you to travel to the planet Jurai," Doctor Clay replied, "and
devour it. The boy Tenchi Masaki will try and stop you. Bring him to me
alive."
 "OF COURSE, DOCTOR," Unicron said. "ANYTHING FOR THE MAN WHO RESTORED ME TO
LIFE."
 "Doctor Clay, HOW COULD YOU!?" Galvatron screamed. "How could you rebuild
that...that... THING?"
 "I found Unicron to be so fascinating," the good Doctor explained, "that I
thought it was a waste when he was destroyed. So I rebuilt him."
 Galvatron began screaming wildly as Unicron made his way towards Jurai.

 Meanwhile, back on Cybertron, Rodimus Prime was scolding Mihoshi. "Do you
realize what you could have done? You endangered yourself and you endangered
your friends, as well as my fellow Autobots!"
 Mihoshi shuffled her feet in shame. "I'm sorry, I won't do it again."
 Perceptor suddenly rushed to Rodimus Prime's side. "Rodimus Prime, you may
want to hear this," he said. "I have urgent and terrible news. Unicron has
returned."
 "Unicron? I don't believe it!"
 "Believe it, Rodimus," Washu said to the Autobot commander. "I picked up an
energy signature heading for the planet Jurai that could only belong to
Unicron."
 Ayeka, who had just arrived with Ryoko and Tenchi, had caught Washu's every
word. "What? Isn't Unicron that planet-eating thing that made Galvatron what
he is today?"
 "That's the one," Washu replied.
 "And he's going to eat MY planet? This won't do!" Tenchi could have sworn
he saw flames in Ayeka's deep red eyes. "We must leave for Jurai at once to
stop this thing!"
 "I don't think that would be advisable, princess," Perceptor said to the
fuming Ayeka. "The only thing that stopped Unicron before was the power of
the Autobot Matrix of Leadership, and that power was depleted during the
Hate Plague crisis."
 "There is another power that can defeat him," Tenchi, who had been silent
this whole time, said all of a sudden. "The Wings of the Light Hawk."
 "My boy, please be reasonable," Perceptor advised. "Your power may be able
to cut a gestalt in half, but this is no mere gestalt. This is..."
 "Perceptor, I know what I have to do, and I'm going to do it!" Tenchi said
hotly. "So DON'T tell me it's impossible!"
 Ryoko and Ayeka looked at Tenchi in surprise. Tenchi usually didn't raise
his voice unless they were fighting over him (which usually caused
gratuitous property damage to his house).
 "Tenchi, you're not thinking of actually fighting this beast, are you?"
Ryoko asked, an expression of pure terror on her face.
 Tenchi's face, however, was a mask of determination. "Where is that
interplanetary teleporter of yours, Perceptor? We're going to Jurai."
 Perceptor hung his head in utter defeat. "It's in my lab," he sighed.
"Follow me."
 Tenchi, Ryoko and Ayeka followed Perceptor to his lab. Springer, Arcee and
Grimlock joined them in short order.

 Emperor Azuza, head of the Jurai Royal Family and Ayeka's father, stepped
out of his palace to admire the beauty of his world.
 Suddenly, two cars, one pink and the other green, and a mechanical dinosaur
appeared out of thin air. Azuza noticed that a teenage boy clung to the
metal beast's neck. And there's a purple-haired girl climbing out of that
pink car that looks like my daughter Ayeka, Azuza thought. Wait, that IS my
daughter!
 "Ayeka! What is the meaning of this?" the Emperor of Jurai exclaimed at his
daughter. "What are you doing here?"
 Azuza jumped back as Ayeka's car transformed into a giant female robot.
"Father, our world is in terrible danger," Ayeka told her father. "A
planet-eating machine called Unicron is heading for Jurai, and we've come to
warn you."
 "And to defeat it!" the boy on the dinosaur proclaimed.
 "Please, Lord Tenchi, don't do anything foolish!" Ayeka said to the boy.
 Azuza recognized Tenchi. Yes, he's the one who my daughter is in love with,
he thought.
 Another woman, this one with cyan hair, stepped out of the green car, and
the car transformed into a formidable male robot. Azuza recognized her as
the space pirate Ryoko. "Thanks for the lift, Springer!" she said to the
robot.
 "Any time, Ryoko," Springer replied.
 "Who are these robots?" Azuza demanded.
 "The green robot is Springer, my pink companion is Arcee, and the dinosaur
is Grimlock," Ayeka explained. "They're Autobots."
"And what sort of danger is my world in?" Azuza wondered
 Springer turned his eyes skyward. "Look!"
 Azuza looked up in utter horror to see a huge sphere with horn-like
mandibles blot out the sun. It must have been four times the size of Jurai.
 "I HAVE COME FOR THE BOY TENCHI MASAKI," the sphere demanded in a voice
that nearly shattered Azuza's eardrums. "BRING HIM TO ME AND I MAY NOT
DEVOUR YOUR WORLD."
 "Here I am, Unicron!" Tenchi called to the devourer of planets. "Grimlock,
I don't suppose you can fly me up there?"
 "Me Grimlock can take you to Unee-Kron," Grimlock told Tenchi. "But how you
breathe in space?"
 Ayeka and Ryoko saw that they could not stop Tenchi from this suicide
mission. "I can use my power to give you a force field," Ayeka told her
love, "but once you form the Light Hawk Wings, you won't need it."
 "Please let me come with you, Tenchi!" Ryoko pleaded. "We can fight this
thing together!"
 "No, this is something I can only do myself," Tenchi said with as much
determination as he could muster. In truth, he was starting to doubt whether
or not he could actually beat Unicron. But he HAD to- for Ayeka, for Ryoko,
for everyone!  "You ready, Grimlock?"
 "Me Grimlock always ready!" the Dinobot commander exclaimed as he shifted
to robot mode.
 "Then let's go!" With the grace and agility of a panther, Tenchi climbed
onto the massive Dinobot's shoulder. Ayeka called up a force shield around
Tenchi, and the two took off towards Unicron.
 "Come back to me, my Lord Tenchi," Ayeka whispered.

 The behemoth known as Unicron looked down at the insects that were coming
towards him. The Dinobot Grimlock he knew- that beast tried to damage him
when he attempted to devour Cybertron. The boy on his shoulder must be
Tenchi Masaki, Unicron thought. "GREETINGS, TENCHI MASAKI," the world-eating
planet bellowed. "AS YOU UNDOUBTEDLY ALREADY KNOW, I AM UNICRON."
 "I know who you are and I know you've come to devour Jurai!" Tenchi yelled.
"I'm here to stop you!"
 "SUCH A STRONG BOAST FROM AN INSECT SUCH AS YOURSELF," Unicron scoffed.
"YOU MAY HAVE DESTROYED THE MIGHTY DEVASTATOR, BUT HE WAS A MERE MOUSE
COMPARED TO ME."
 In response, Tenchi summoned the Light Hawk Wings. The wings spun in a
pinwheel fashion, and a ball of energy flew out to strike Unicron with the
force of a small supernova.
 It was obvious that Unicron felt that powerful blow. "PERHAPS I
UNDERESTIMATED YOU, TENCHI MASAKI. IT IS TIME FOR ME TO REVEAL MY TRUE POWER
AS WELL."
 The force threw Tenchi and Grimlock back as Unicron began shifting into his
robot form. When Tenchi looked at Unicron next, he was a humanoid robot that
could have easily dwarfed the largest ship in the Juraian fleet- or the
planet itself, for that matter.
 Tenchi was terrified at seeing this godlike robot before him, but the shock
wore off rather quickly. "Grimlock," he told his Dinobot companion, "get
back to Ayeka and Ryoko. They need you more than I do."
 "Me Grimlock say- you crazy! But okay," Grimlock said. And with that, the
Dinobot returned to Jurai's surface.
 "I DEVOUR ENTIRE PLANETS, TENCHI MASAKI," the monster growled. "I COULD
DISPATCH YOU WITH BUT A GESTURE- BUT DOCTOR CLAY WANTS YOU ALIVE."
 "Doctor Clay?" Tenchi remembered that particular madman. He tried to kidnap
Washu a while back.
 "HE IS THE ONE WHO RESTORED MY BEING," Unicron continued. "HE HAS SENT ME
TO CAPTURE YOU THAT HE MAY STUDY YOUR POWER, AND TO FEAST ON YOUR PATHETIC
LITTLE PLANET JURAI."
 "NO! I won't let you!" Tenchi screamed. To Unicron's astonishment, the
boy's Light Hawk Wings began glowing.
 Unicron hid his eyes from the monumental flash. When it subsided, Unicron
found himself staring at a bird-like spaceship that was nearly as big as he
was- and the boy Tenchi Masaki had become a robot the size of a small moon
on the back of it.
 "WHAT SORCERY IS THIS?" Unicron exclaimed
 "NO SORCERY, UNICRON," the transformed Tenchi bellowed. "IT'S ONLY ME-
NOVATALON!"
 With those words, the newly created ship shifted to become a winged robotic
body, and Tenchi transformed into its head and merged with it.
 "NO! IT'S NOT POSSIBLE!" Unicron exclaimed in absolute surprise. "YOU'VE
BECOME A TRANSFORMER!"
 "A HEADMASTER, TO BE MORE PRECISE," said Novatalon as an energy shield
appeared in his left hand and a sword appeared in its right.
 Unicron fired a blast of plasma fire from his colossal mouth, only to have
it dissipated by Novatalon's shield. The evil planet-eating robot brought a
massive, clawed hand down to strike Novatalon. At the same time, Novatalon
slashed with his sword- and watched as Unicron's severed arm floated off
into deep space, and dissolved into mist.
 Unicron roared in pain and fury. Novatalon paid no heed, and slashed
Unicron across the middle.
 "YOU...HAVE...NOT SEEN...THE...LAST OF ME..." Unicron screamed finally as
he dissolved into nothing.
 As Unicron dissipated, Novatalon disappeared, leaving a teenage boy
surrounded by three wing-like sails in his place. The boy, Tenchi, headed
back down to the planet Jurai with the aid of his Light Hawk Wings.

 Later, back at the Masaki residence on Earth, Emperor Azuza, Rodimus Prime
and the Autobots displayed their eternal gratitude to the savior of Jurai-
Tenchi Masaki.
 "My world thanks you, and I thank you," Azuza said to Tenchi, bowing. "We
are forever in your debt."
 "You were amazing, Lord Tenchi," Rodimus Prime added. "From this day
forward, we Autobots will recognize you as one of our own!"
 "Thank you both," Tenchi smiled. He made a small bow.
 "Oh Tenchi, my darling," Ryoko purred, drawing close to Tenchi and putting
her arms around him, "You're the best!"
 Upon seeing this display, Ayeka's face turned a lovely shade of vermilion.
"Get away from him, Mummy Woman! Tenchi is mine!"
 "MUMMY WOMAN?" Despite the fact that she was over two thousand years old,
Ryoko hated it when Ayeka called her that.
"Girls, please, now is not..." Tenchi began.
 He was immediately cut off. "YOU STAY OUT OF THIS!" Ryoko and Ayeka
screamed in unison. Suddenly, a huge sword blade came between the two
rivals, and Ryoko and Ayeka were suddenly very quiet. The sword belonged to
Springer.
 "You know, kid," the green Autobot told a very relieved Tenchi, "You're
lucky I'm here to keep these two lovely ladies in check."
 "Lady, ha!" Ayeka harumphed. "That demon is no lady."
 "If she's lovely, then I'm not a space pirate," Ryoko muttered under her
breath.
 "At any event," Perceptor said to the group, "I believe it is time for us
to depart."
 Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami, Mihoshi, Washu and Ryo-Ohki watched as Azuza,
Rodimus Prime, Ultra Magnus, Springer, Arcee, Perceptor, Kup and Grimlock
boarded an Autobot shuttle that had landed near the lake.
 "Stay out of trouble, you two," Springer said to Ryoko and Ayeka.
 "We will," they told him, fingers crossed behind their backs.
 "Me Grimlock gonna miss you, Tenchi," said Grimlock to his newfound friend.
 "Don't worry, Grimlock," Tenchi replied. "We'll keep in touch."
 "See you later, Perceptor!" Washu called to her Autobot colleague.
 "It was a pleasure meeting you, Miss Washu!" Perceptor called back.
 Tenchi and the gang waved as the Autobot shuttle took off into deep space.
Now things can get back to normal, Tenchi thought.
 Suddenly, an explosion could be heard as Ryoko and Ayeka commenced yet
another one of their catfights. Tenchi rolled his eyes and sighed.
 "Well, here we go again!"

   END

Well folks, this is my first fanfic. Whether you think it's the coolest or
you think it sucks, e-mail your opinions to me_grimlock41@hotmail.com.
Excelsior!
