Disclaimer:  I claim no ownership to the characters that pertain to this
story.   Tenchi Muyo! and all characters pertaining to this series are
property of Pioneer and AIC.  Fallout 2 and characters are property of
Interplay and Black Isle.  Please don't flame me for making mistakes about
Japanese culture and society throughout this story, as I still do not have
all of the concepts down.

Tenchi Muyo!:  No Need for the Chosen One

        It was yet another beautiful sunny spring day at the Masaki
household.
Sasami was busy cooking in the kitchen, Tenchi labored in the fields, and
Ayeka helped in household chores, all as the normal routine of the day
continued.  Today seemed like most other days, yet there was a difference.
Washu sensed it, as did Yousho, yet neither could confirm what it was.  It
was during lunch though, that everyone soon would witness first hand what
would separate this day from all others.
*****************************************************************
"This is delicious Sasami, as usual." Tenchi compliment as he continued
with his meal.

"Thanks Tenchi." Sasami accepted the comment with a slight blush.

"Here Tenchi, try this." Ryoko said as she appeared around Tenchi,
attempted to feed him a cucumber roll.

"Uh Ryoko I..um." Tenchi began as he was interrupted by Ayeka.

"Miss Ryoko, unhand Lord Tenchi at once, you are being a bother to him."
Ayeka commanded.

"I'm not bothering you am I Tenchi?"

"Well uh, you see Ry-…" Yet Tenchi was not able to complete his sentence,
as he and all the others gathered around the table witnessed an amazing
spectacle.

Above the table, a door appeared out of nowhere, much akin in the fashion
of Washu sub-dimensional door.  As door began to lower itself onto the
table, a blinding white flash ensued.  Soon the door to opened.

Many people stepped out of the now fading door, which was odd considering
it only appeared to have enough room for one person at most.  First out was
a somewhat aged man, wielding a shotgun in one hand and a bottle of whiskey
in the other.  He was clothed in green leather armor that was caked in
dust.  Behind him, a rather muscular individual stepped forward, wearing in
crude leather pants with one suspender.  He carried a sledgehammer and had
war paint on his face, but his most dominant feature was a rather sizable
bone that went through one of his nostrils, and came out the other.  From
behind him was a meek teenager, with very pale skin, greasy hair, and a
pockmarked face.  And still more came forward.

>From behind the small-framed teen, a gigantic green figure emerged.  He
appeared as a horribly deformed human, who stood two feet taller than
everything around him.  He maintained extremely large muscles and possessed
a large firearm at his left hand, and he walked with a limp.  From behind
him, an old, fat man arrived.  He wore a tool belt, with his pliers in one
hand, and a wrench in the other.  He seemed a little perplexed at the
situation, as he continued to stare at his tools.  He then moved forward in
a rapid manner as the last of the crew stepped forward.

The last person was a man in a blue jumpsuit.  His suit looked as though it
had been preserved for years in a cave, and had the number thirteen in bold
yellow letters placed on the back.  He had brown hair, and a semi muscular
build.  He carried a pistol in his right hand, while his left wielded an
ancient looking knife.  He overlooked his crew, checked himself, checked
his surroundings, and then shouted.

"Damn it Vic, I thought you said you fixed the elevator!" He yelled towards
the fat man with a tool belt.

"But I did boss.  I did everything the manual said to do." The man
addressed as "Vic" replied.

"Does this look like the bottom floor of the Enclave base Vic?  Where the
hell are we!" The man in the jumpsuit continued to shout at Vic

"Don't ask me boss.  I'm just the mechanic."

"For God's sake Vic, stop calling be boss!" The man appeared to become even
more frustrated with every passing minute.

The skinny teenager then added his comment "This is ****ed up.  Where the
**** are we, and how the **** did we get here."

"That ****ing does it Myron, I warned you that I was gonna cap ya' one day,
and all that cursin' just pushed me over th' line!" The aged man in leather
armor screamed as he broke his whiskey bottle over the nearest counter top,
and charged at the boy with the now jagged edged bottle.  The boy saw the
impending danger and decided to attempt to outrun his assailant.

"My, what a vulgar group they are." Ayeka commented as the rest of the
Masaki household watched in awe.

"The spirits aren't a talkin' about dis' place." Spoke the individual with
a bone through his nose.

"That's just typical Sulik.  Every time we need them they're just too damn
busy." The enraged man in the jump suit said with a sarcastic tone.

"Gotcha' Myron!  Hey Cassidy, I'll hold 'em, you cut 'em."  The huge green
mutant told the man still chasing Myron.

"H-hey, w-what the **** Marcus?  C-come on, let me go."  Myron stuttered as
he was being restrained by the Mutant.

"Everyone STOP!" Tenchi yelled over the roar of the new visitors.  The new
crew of people stopped as they just came to the realization that others
occupied the area where the stood.  The greasy haired Myron took the
opportunity to escaped "Marcus's" grasp.  Everyone was at a standstill.
The residents of the Masaki house stared at the new visitors, as they did
the same.

Yousho, being the ever so bold one that he is, chose to be the first to
comment

"I don't think we have enough room for these new guest."
*****************************************************************
"Damn it, the radio isn't working."  The man in the jumpsuit thought aloud.

"What do you mean it's not working?  I repaired it myself boss."  Vic told
his "boss".

"Then that would explain it, wouldn't it Vic?  I don't know how you can
call yourself a mechanic Vic, you can barely tie your own shoes."  Retorted
the man as he slammed his "walkie-talkie" down.

"Hey, that hurts boss."

Tenchi decided to interrupt the conversation between the two men.  "Who are
you guys anyway?"

"Huh?  I should be the one to ask who you are."  The man in the jumpsuit
responded.

"Well I'm Tenchi Masaki, and you're in… Hey, wait a minute!  You guys
appeared in my house, I think you should talk first."

"Fair enough." The man sighed before continuing.  "This guy with the tools
next to me is Vic, the guy with the sledge and the bone is Sulik, the one
with the Shotgun and clenching a broken whiskey bottle is Cassidy.  The one
Cassidy attempted to kill with that bottle is Myron, and the huge figure
who held Myron is called Marcus."  Each person gave some form of
acknowledgement to their respective names.

"And you are…?" Tenchi said motioning to the stranger.

"Huh, Oh yeah I'm Dertah, the Chosen One."  (Author's note: As some of you
are aware, there is no set name for you character in Fallout 2, thus I
chose a name for this character.)

"The Chosen… One?"  Tenchi worded the question slowly, as he wasn't sure
himself of what he was asking.

"Yes, as my grandfather was the original Vault Dweller, I am the Chosen One
for my tribe." Dertah beamed proudly.

"Vault Dweller?" Tenchi still looked perplexed.

"You've never heard the Story of the 'Vault Dweller'?" Dertah asked with a
look of shock.  Tenchi shook his head.

"The one who destroyed the 'Vats' and the 'Master'?"  Dertah questioned as
Tenchi still looked completely lost.

"Well it's a long story that I've told many times, but oh well.  It all
started when…" Dertah began as he was soon interrupted by his team.

"Oh God!  Not the Vault Dweller tale again!" Cassidy complained.

"I've ****in' heard that story a million ****in' times." Myron whined.

"Boss, you tell that story every chance you get." Vic commented.

"And every time your grandfather kills even more super mutants, and blows
up even more Vats then the last time." Marcus added as he rolled his eyes.

"We and I gonna take a nap, this gonna be a loooong story."  Sulik stated
as he started clearing a place on the floor to sleep.

"Come on guys, its not that bad.  Anyway, it all started when…" Dertah
began, this time uninterrupted.  Throughout the whole story, people started
dropping off one by one.  Ryoko was the first to fall into a sleep,
followed by Mihoshi.  Next came Washu, followed by Ayeka.  Yousho commented
that he was going to meditate yet it became quite obvious that he was
sleeping as he began to snore.  Sasami stayed interested throughout most
the story, yet eventually had to concede to sleep as well.  Tenchi, not
wanting to seem rude, remained awake through the entire story.  When it
ended, Tenchi's eyes were bloodshot.  The entire crew eventually woke up
when they noticed the steady drone of Dertah voice come to an end.

"-And that's the story of the Vault Dweller, my grandfather, and that's
what makes me the Chosen One." Dertah finished.

"That was really interesting Dertah."  Tenchi yawned.

"Well now that my stories done, could I ask you a question?"

"Sure Dertah, what?"

"Who the hell are you people?"
***************************************************************
Tenchi told the new guest the whole story.  About his releasing of Ryoko,
Ayeka landing on Earth, Mihoshi falling from the sky, his heritage,
everything.  After finishing his tale, he received nothing but blank stares
from the new people of the house.

"Well, that was certainly complex." Dertah stated.

"You went a little above my head Tenchi." Vic added

"That story sounded really ****ed up." Myron commented.

"Myron would you stop all your ****in' cursin'!" Cassidy yelled.

"Excuse me." Washu said to grab the attention of the group, "I would still
like to know how you got here."

"What a coincidence, so would I." Dertah stated as he stared coldly at Vic.

"Actually Dertah, I think there is more at fault than your mechanic." Washu
pointed out as Vic breathed a sigh of relief, "I think there is a greater
force at work here."

"Such as…" Dertah questioned.

"I don't know for sure yet." Washu responded as a slight grin spread across
her face, "Maybe if I were to collect some samples, I could further
determine the cause of this."

"Uh…Washu, I don't think our guest really want to…" Tenchi started before
being interrupted by Dertah.

"Don't worry Tenchi, it wouldn't bother me much." Dertah continued, "All
you need is what, blood and urine samples?"

"Something like that." Washu said while her grin began to grow even larger.

"No problem, I had to do the same exact thing to become a citizen in Vault
City."

"Uh… Vault City?" Tenchi questioned with a confused look.

"I'll tell you about it later, shall we go?" Dertah asked motioning out of
the kitchen.

"I'll be right with you.  I just need to get my, er… "Sample Collecting
outfit", just meet me by the broom closet door."

"All… right…  Come on guys, let's go." Dertah said as he motioned to his
party.  The party let out a slight grumble, before following their leader.
When the group was out of earshot, Tenchi asked if it was really necessary
to collect "samples" from the new guest.

"No." Washu responded before letting out her infamous giggle.
***************************************************************
"Okay Washu, why did you want us to meet you at the broom closet door?"
Dertah asked.

"You'll see, just open the door and step inside." Washu commanded.

"O…K…" Dertah said as he and his party followed the instructions.  As they
walked across the threshold, they witnessed a spectacular sight of a room
illuminated by various amounts laboratory equipment.  The mere size of the
room was impressive, and the fact that it resided inside a broom closet
left the party in awe.  Cassidy, being the ever-observant one, made a
comment about the current situation.

"Oh, looks like Myron's jealous, heh-heh."

"Shut the **** up Cassidy, my lab is ten times better than this." Myron
shouted.

"Yeah right, your lab is a $#!%hole compared to this." Cassidy spat at
Myron.

"Uh… Washu, how are you able to do this?  A whole lab in a broom closet?"
Dertah asked.

"It's a little complex, I'll explain it later.  Now shall we get to
collecting the samples?" Washu asked eagerly.

"Well…alright."

"Great, who's gonna be first?" Washu asked.  She received nothing but empty
stares and total silence.

"All…right, Dertah, how about you?"

"Me, well…okay." Dertah said, a little more apprehensive than before.

"Great, just follow me." Washu said as she took Dertah by the arm and led
him to a solitary room.  The group watched as the door closed, then they
began to here sounds emerge from the room.

"Hey, what the hell, what's with the restraints!?"

"Just to prevent you from moving." Washu said with a slightly joyful tone.

"What samples do you need anyway?" Dertah asked with a hint of nervousness.

"Like you said, just some blood, urine, hair, skin, astrological, *cough*
sperm."

"What the, why all the samples?"

"I like to be thorough.  Now let me just change." Washu said as she went
into another room.  She emerge in the infamous "Angel of Mercy" nurse's
outfit.

Dertah thought to himself "Damn, this is like something from golden globes."
*****************************************************************
        The extensive day of sample collecting had finally come to an end.
Some
(Myron in particular) had been more willing to donate than others, yet they
eventually gave in and Washu received all of her required samples.  Dertah
and party realized that it was becoming late, thus they requested from
Yousho that they sleep at his house.

"Well, it might be a little cramped, but I think we can sort some sleeping
arrangements."

"I'll be willing to sleep in the women's room." Myron volunteered.

"Yeah right pervert." Cassidy continued. "Yousho, you got a place with some
religion behind it?  Might be good for the boy." Cassidy was pointing at
Myron as he said this.

"**** you Cassidy." Myron said, yet hid behind Vic when he saw Cassidy's
eyes flare up,

"Seems you are right Cassidy." Yousho noticed. "Very well, I have a room up
by the shrine he can use."

"Cassidy you bastard!" Myron yelled.  He began to run towards the shrine
when he saw Cassidy disengage the safety on his shotgun.

"Now, Dertah and Vic, Tenchi could probably put some futons in his room for
you."

"Sounds good." Was the response of Dertah.

"Sulik, you can…"

"We and I' be sleepin' outside under the stars, if that be alrigh' wit'
you?"

"Fine by me." Yousho replied.

"Cassidy, I believe you will find the couch quite comfortable." Yousho
stated with a small smirk.

"Whatever." Was all Cassidy had to say.

"And Marcus, uh… I don't know if we have anything that would accommodate
your size." Yousho explained as he continued to look over the huge mutant.

"Wait a minute." Came Washu's voice from seemingly nowhere.  "I happen to
have just the thing.  It's a bedroom I formed in my lab with the help of
Sub-Space.  I normally use it when I am working late in my lab at night,
but I can sleep in the girl's room tonight.  It should have more than
enough space for even Marcus."

"Thank you for your service Washu." Yousho complimented.

"Right, thanks." Marcus said with his normal emotionless tone.

"Well then, I guess well be able to have a good nights sleep." Yousho
stated.  He went off to his shrine bedroom with his new roommate, and
thought of how strange and diverse these new visitors were.  It reminded
him very much of his current occupants.  His main thought was that they
would not stay long, for the Mutant alone would be more than enough to
drain the entire food supply of the house.
*****************************************************************
        The morning started as it normally did, with shouting and
explosions.
Ayeka and Ryoko became involved in yet another dispute over a pointless
subject, thus a battle ensued.  This was a normal occurrence for most of
the household, and many would simply ignore it, including Tenchi.  Yet, at
one point Tenchi discovered one flaw in his apathy towards the situation.

"Oh no!  I forgot to warn the others about this."

Tenchi surveyed his room to discover that Dertah and Vic were not present,
thus his fears were justified.  Tenchi ran out of his room, flew down the
stairs, and witnessed his guest fully armed, prepared for battle.  Sulik
armed with a sledge, with Dertah standing behind him with a pistol.
Cassidy crouched behind the couch with his shotgun in hand, as Vic held his
wrench is both hands.  The only people not present for this battle was
Myron, cowering in the corner, and Marcus, who was apparently missing.

Dertah noticed Tenchi and asked "What the hell is going on!"

Tenchi formed a sweatdrop before going into an explanation.

"Sorry guys, I forgot to mention… Ryoko and Ayeka into some pretty nasty
fights at times."

"What about?"

"Mainly uh… me." Tenchi stated sheepishly.

"O…k…" Dertah said, a little perplexed at the concept.

"It should cool off in a couple of minutes, so relax and try to ignore it."

"Breakfast is ready everyone!" Sasami announced.

It was at that the fight ended, the only thing injured being the girls'
pride and the house they fought in.  Everyone walked towards the dining
area, gathered around the breakfast table and commenced eating, everyone
except Vic, who stayed behind to survey the damage.  He examined the broken
walls and shattered windows, put his wrench back in his tool-belt and
proclaimed to himself.

"Yeah, I can fix this."
*****************************************************************
"Say, where's Marcus?" Sasami questioned.

"Huh, oh yeah he's probably still in the lab." Washu explained, "I made the
room soundproof, so he probably didn't hear any of the fighting, or the
announcement for breakfast."

"Why would you soundproof a bedr--, Oh I get it, heh-heh." Myron said with
a perverted laugh.

"Back off pervert, it's so I don't get interrupted by all the fighting, and
noise."

"Well would someone please get him, I made all this food for him." Sasami
stated as she pointed to a mountain of food that rivaled the ceiling in
height.

"Wow." Ryoko uttered in astonishment.

"I guess I'll get 'em, I can't eat this anyway." Cassidy admitted.

"Why not Cassidy?" Sasami asked with a sad look.

"I got heart problems, Vault City doctors put me on a diet, the bastards."

"I'm sorry Cassidy, next time I'll make a different meal for you." Sasami
said, still with a sad look.

"No prob, I gonna go fetch Marcus, he'll probably eat what I can't anyway."
And with that comment, Cassidy caused a smile on Sasami's face.  He nodded
towards the people at the table, and went on his way to the broom
closet/lab.

"Hey Dertah, Cassidy mentioned something about "Vault City", you talked
about that place before, what is it?" Tenchi asked.

"Well, to fully understand Vault City, you need to understand entire story,
as well as the past and present." Dertah stated.

"Oh great, here comes another long story." Ryoko whispered to Ayeka, who
nodded in agreement.

"You see, my tribe was in trouble, and we needed a G.E.C.K. and I was-."
Dertah started his long story, which had the same results as the first one
he told.  Everyone began to fall asleep, one by one.  Yet again Tenchi
stayed awake throughout the story, and yet again he was left with tired
features and bloodshot eyes.

"So we tried hacking into the elevator of the Enclave base, yet ended up
here, and that's my story."  With this final sentence, everyone woke up,
and Cassidy returned with a very disturbed looking Marcus.

"M-man, I've had better sleep being dipped in the vats." Marcus stuttered
while portraying a blank stare.

"What's wrong Marcus?" Washu yawned.

"I think he's a little spooked about that bedroom of yours." Cassidy
explained to Washu.

"What about it?" Washu asked, a little nervous.

"I don't know, maybe the wall paper of Tenchi is his boxers." Cassidy said
as Tenchi and Washu both began to blush.

"Or maybe it was the scientific information that played when he slept."
Cassidy continued, as a sweatdrop on Washu's head appeared to grow larger
and larger.

"Or perhaps it was the fact that there was a ****in' waterfall in the damn
room."

Tenchi spoke up at this point "Please Cassidy, watch the language, Sasami
is in the room."

Sasami let out a small giggle as Cassidy himself formed a sweatdrop.
Cassidy then looked to his side to view the forming sweatdrop, and
exclaimed.

"What the f-, er heck, is that!"
*****************************************************************
        Like all other that stayed within the Masaki household, the new
houseguest
had to partake in chores.  This announcement from Yousho was met with
groans and muttering by the guest, yet they eventually gave in and decided
to follow Yousho's wishes.  Everyone had their own special talent; thus
they all set upon chores that would suit their individual capabilities.

Sulik had grown up in a farming tribe and he knew the basics of caring for
crops, as well as harvesting, so he joined Tenchi in the field.  Though
Marcus was relatively inexperienced in the ways of farming, he was strong,
hence he took to the chore of carrying the harvested carrots to the house.
Vic was good to his word about his repair abilities, and began work on the
walls, ceiling, and windows of the house.

Myron, always the helpful one, volunteered to clean the women's onsen.
When this request was ill met, he offered to vacume the women's bedroom.
Again he was shot down, and again he proposed to help Washu in the lab.
When his lustful smile was noted, Myron was told that was not a
possibility.  The only real ability Myron possessed was that of mixing
ingredients (you got to know how to, to make the best chems.), hence he was
told to just help Sasami in the kitchen.  This was met with much grumbling
and whining by Myron, yet he eventually conceded to the idea.

Cassidy seemed to be one who knew his alcohol, so it was decided that he be
the one retrieve the best sake' for the cheapest price from the near-by
store.  He set upon this quest with total apathy towards the situation, yet
one could tell he was joyful to leave the house.  Dertah appeared to be the
only one without any real capabilities.

"What is it that you are able to do Dertah?" Yousho questioned.

"Not much, I can fight, I can talk a little, I'm alright at bartering, and
I can steal a little bit, but that's about it." Dertah answered, a little
depressed at the pitiful resume' he possessed.

"Did you say you can fight?" Yousho asked, a slight gleam in his eye.

"Yeah, I know boxing, martial arts, I pretty good with melee weapons, and
I'm pretty accurate with small arms." Dertah responded with a puzzled look.

"Then it seems that you can do something useful for me."

"How so?" Dertah inquired, still with a perplexed look.

"Well, I normally give Tenchi lessons in Jurain-Kendo, yet today he could
use a change of pace.  Today, at about four in the afternoon, I want you to
meet him in the designated training area.  I'll show you were that is.
When he gets there, teach him a little of what you know.  Bare-fisted,
close-quarters, and even ranged combat.  It'll be good for the boy." Yousho
answered, his eyes still gleaming, and now a smile spread across his face.

"Alright, I'll train him this afternoon, but what should I do till then."

"Practice, once your done with him, I want to see what you got." Yousho
said, his smile still creeping across his face.

"Ha, alright.  I'll see you then." Dertah said with a confident tone.
Dertah walked off to do as Yousho had said.  He didn't see a need to
practice, but it made him feel less guilty to be doing something
productive, as opposed to sitting on the couch.

"A touch arrogant." Yousho muttered to himself.  "But I shall see if his
qualms hold true."
*****************************************************************
"Hey Dertah, where's Grandpa?" Tenchi inquired of Dertah, who was sitting
on a tree stump.

"Hm?" Dertah snapped out of his current daydream to answer Tenchi. "Oh hi
Tenchi, your grandpa asked a favor of me."

"What's that?"

"He wanted me to train you in some new forms of combat." Dertah responded.

"Oh…" Tenchi said with a confused look.

"He also said not to go easy on you." Dertah continued with a chuckle.

"Great." Tenchi responded sarcastically, a sweatdrop forming at his head.

"Let's begin shall we.  Well start with unarmed combat.  Now get into a
fighting stance." Dertah commanded.

"Like this?" Tenchi asked, getting into a pathetic stance.

Dertah groaned. "This could take a while."
*****************************************************************
        The training continued many hours into that afternoon.  Tenchi began
to
learn more and more about different styles of combat.  They moved from
bare-knuckle boxing to karate.  Then Dertah showed him many different
styles of knife fighting, as well as use of clubs and sledgehammers.  He
finally advanced to small arms, as Yousho had instructed, and with this
encountered some difficulty.

"Tenchi, you got to line up your sights on the target." Dertah explained
with a slightly annoyed tone.  He had been teaching Tenchi how to use a
pistol for two hours, yet Tenchi could still barely hold it right,

"How's this?" Tenchi asked as he fired, completely missing the intended
target, and nearly striking an observing Ryo-ohki.

"That was good, if you're hunting cabbits."

"Miya!" Ryo-ohki yelled, frightened by the shot, and offended by Dertah's
joke.

"Sorry Ryo-Ohki." Tenchi apologized,

"Try again Tenchi, and don't anticipate the recoil." Dertah advised.

"Okay, here we go!" Tenchi exclaimed as he fired off another wild shot.
This one hit the knife that Tenchi had been previously practicing with.
The impact launched the knife into the air twenty feet, before it flew down
to Earth and again nearly missed Ryo-ohki.  Ryo-ohki decided to flee before
any real harm could come to her.

"Keep practicing Tenchi." Dertah said as he began hiding behind a sizable
rock.
*****************************************************************
        The day eventually came to an end, and all the chores were
completed.
With the aid of Sulik and Marcus, Ryo-ohki was able to eat well (for about
three hours).  Cassidy was able to fetch a high quality sake' for a cheap
price, and the dinner that evening tasted better than ever with the
combined effort of Sasami and Myron.  Everyone had gathered around the
table for the dinner, except for Washu, who said something about doing
research in her lab.

"Wow Sasami, what a feast!" Tenchi exclaimed.

"It looks great." Dertah complimented.

"Thank you both." Sasami said, another slight blush spreading across her
face.

"Oh and Cassidy, I made this for you, because of your diet." Sasami stated
as she unveiled what appeared to be a mountain of tofu and rice grouped
together.  Cassidy flinched as he witnessed the stack of bean curd and
rice, then said a thank you, and mumbled something to himself about the
"damn doctors."

"So Tenchi, how did the training go?" Yousho asked with a grin.

"It went pretty well Grandpa." Tenchi admitted.

"Yeah, as long as you stay away from a pistol." Dertah said with a slight
laugh.  To this Tenchi blushed, and formed a small sweatdrop.

"Hey, I'll get it eventually." Tenchi defended himself.

"Actually Tenchi, you might want to attempt energy weapons.  They involve
training similar to small arms, yet don't produce a recoil." Dertah
explained.

"I know, I can train you Tenchi." Mihoshi volunteered, drawing her pistol
from her holster.

"Uh… Thanks Mihoshi." Tenchi said with an even larger sweatdrop.

"Where's Washu?" Myron asked with a slightly disappointed look.  "I was
looking forward to seeing her."

"Oh?  What about Myron?" Yousho inquired.

"Probably wanting to know if he can donate more 'samples'." Cassidy stated.

"Hey F-." Myron began, before he noticed Sasami staring at him.  "I mean,
shut up Cassidy.  I was gonna convey some research with her.  Maybe I can
help her determine why were here."

"Speaking of which, I haven't seen Miss Washu all day.  I wonder what she
is so involved with." Ayeka pondered.

"Ha, knowing her she's probably trying to create another child using all
the 'samples' she collected." Ryoko spoke.

"Maybe but it's still quite odd that she would be gone this long." Ayeka
said, looking back towards the broom closet door.

"Don't worry, she'll come out eventually." Yousho concluded.

"Anybody want seconds?" Sasami asked.
*****************************************************************
        Washu was typing away furiously at her holo-top.  The new guest had
caused
several questions to run through her mind.  What were they doing here, how
did they get here, and how did that mutant get so big.  She spent the day
analyzing all of the DNA information, as well as the astrological
information and any other data that she needed.  Yet with all the
information at hand, and though she was the greatest scientific genius in
the universe, Washu was unable to draw a conclusion.

"Blast, how is this possible." Washu grumbled.  "I have all the resources
that I need, why can I not find the answer?"

        Washu continued to type away, completely unaware as to the being now
approaching the area where she was currently sitting.  The figure moved
stealthily, like a predator stalking his prey, until he was mere inches
from Washu.  She was still completely unaware of him, until he placed his
hand on her shoulder.

"Hello beautiful." The figure spoke as Washu jumped ten feet from her
floating cushion.  She picked herself up of the ground, studied her
assailant, and found that it was Myron.

"Myron!  W-what are you doing here?" Washu asked, still a little shaken.

"I was wondering if I could do anything to, er, for you." Myron answered
with a now growing smile.

"Myron, how did you get past the guards?" Washu asked, realizing that Myron
was able to accomplish something Mihoshi had done many times.

"Guards?  I didn't see any."

        At this point Washu thought to herself "Maybe I just forgot to turn
the
damn things on" as she now stared at the ever growing in happiness Myron.

"Actually Myron, as much as I may regret it, there is something you can do
for me." Washu cringed as she spoke.

"Anything for you beautiful." Myron tried speaking smoothly and
seductively, yet came across as horny and eager.

"I need you to analyze the current data I have, then punch in all the
information on my computer." Washu explained, creating the computer at the
fingertips.

"Neat trick." Myron said in astonishment.

"Well, while your working I'm going to bed." Washu announced.

"I'll join you." Myron added before being held by one of Washu's many
restraining devices.

"Just get to work, pervert." Washu commanded before walking off.

Myron studied the now leaving Washu and thought to himself "Yeah, she wants
me."
*****************************************************************

        Another night passed in the house, and aside from the constant
tapping of
computer keys by Myron, the house was rather peaceful.  The morning began
as it normally did, by a fight between Ryoko and Ayeka.  This conflict was
brought upon by Ryoko's "attentiveness" to Tenchi as he slept.

Dertah and Vic watched in awe as Ryoko hovered inches away from Tenchi's
face, and thought how they could not even pay a girl at the "Cat's Paw' to
be so "concerned".  The gazing was interrupted by an infuriated Ayeka, who
stormed into Tenchi's room and commanded Ryoko to "leave Lord Tenchi alone
this instant!".  The battle commenced as Tenchi, Dertah, and Vic flooded
out of the room.  Tenchi turned to Vic, yet before he could day anything
Vic stated,

"Yes, I can fix this."
*****************************************************************
        After another battle ended, with only egos and furniture counted as
casualties, the extended family gathered for breakfast.  At the table was a
rested Washu, a bruised Ayeka and Ryoko, a cheerful Sasami, a nervous
Tenchi, a spiteful Cassidy (still angered over the diet he had to follow),
a disoriented Dertah and Vic, a still spooked Marcus, and Myron with
bloodshot eyes.  Normal morning conversation occurred, until Myron decided
to commence with Washu.

"Uh Washu?" Myron began, before receiving a disapproving glare from Washu.
Myron thought for a moment, then realized his error.

"Sorry 'little' Washu?" Myron corrected himself.

"Better." She stated.

"About that information I was typing up, what was it you were studying?"

"Why do you ask Myron?"

"Because I've been into science my whole life, ever since I could access a
computer terminal, and from that point I've studied all forms of it on
Earth.  Yet none of the stuff I've seen could amass to the data I imputed
last night." Myron explained.

"Well there's your problem Myron, you've only studied all forms of science
on Earth, there is still much more for you to learn." Washu said with a
gleeful smile.

"So the stuff I was working on was…"

"Dimensional and sub-dimensional travel capabilities and potential." Washu
finished.

"Intriguing." Myron muttered in awe, then continued "But how is it
possible?"

"Well, I'm still trying to determine that, but to the best of my knowledge,
that's how you and your group got here."

"In that case, I want to help you more." Myron stated in a sincere tone.
For the first time in his life, there was no subtle lust in his voice, or
different intentions in his tine.  Washu sensed this also and asked Myron
why.  His answer,

"The sooner you find what you need, the sooner we can leave.  I can get
back to my stables in New Reno, and make millions with the data I received
on your computer about chemical addition."  Everyone capable of doing so
face faulted.  Dertah and company stared at the Tenchi crew now lying face
first on the ground, and asked

"How'd they do that?"
*****************************************************************
        Dertah was on a walk, just enjoying the countryside, when he noticed
Yousho standing at the shine steps.  He hailed Dertah to join him, thus
Dertah began to walk towards him.  When he reached the steps, Dertah asked
Yousho what he wanted.

"You said that you were to duel with me, I ask that you do so now." Yousho
explained.

"Are you sure?  I wouldn't want to hurt you." Dertah stated with mock
sincerity.

"Do not worry, I will take pity on you." Yousho said with a chuckle.

"All right, but I warn you, I was the Golden Gloves champion of New Reno."

"I'll manage." Yousho answered.

"How are we gonna fight?"

"The rules are simple, no weapons, the area you can stay on is the temple
steps, and first one unconscious, or the one who gives up, loses."

"Fair enough, shall we begin?" Dertah asked.

"Lets." Yousho said as the fight began.

        The battle continued throughout most the afternoon.  One would gain
the
upper hand, then the other.  Both opponents were equally matched, and
eventually they both realized this.  Yousho and Dertah both swallowed their
pride, and declared the match a draw.  Yousho offered Dertah a drink at the
shrine, and Dertah gratefully accepted.  Thus they walked together,
laughing off the bruises and sore spots that would haunt them in the
morning.
*****************************************************************
        Washu's mind raced with calculations.  She was on the verge of
figuring
out the reason to the guest appearing in the house.  She would have been
completed earlier, had Myron reframe from harassing her, but at least he
sufficed as a test subject (even though he was not aware of it).  At that
instant, Washu's eyes began to gleam as she stared at the monitor.

She exclaimed "Yes, I got it!" as she began to hug Myron.  Myron did not
mind this at all, yet Washu eventually came to the realization of her
actions.  She quickly removed herself from Myron, and began to explain what
she had discovered.

"You see Myron, in this variety of science, you must understand these
theories." Washu began, pulling up a hologram.  She led with a
laser-pointer as Myron gazed on.  Washu's presentation lasted several
hours, and at the end Myron appeared to have glazed eyes and was foaming at
the mouth.

"You understand Myron?" Washu asked.

"Uh… no." Myron stated sheepishly.  Washu face faulted, and explained in an
annoyed tone.

"It means that we can send you and your friends home!"

"Really?" Myron inquired with a slightly hopeful tone.

"Yep.  We just need to…" Washu started, but it was too late.  Myron had run
out the door.  He yelled on his way out that he was going to find Dertah
and the others to tell them the news.

"I wish people would hear me out to the very end before they acted." Washu
complained to herself.
*****************************************************************
        Cassidy spat out the booze he was drinking directly onto Myron, then
shouted "What, we can leave?!"

Myron, now drenched in pre-used alcohol, looked at Cassidy and nodded.

"Great!" Cassidy exclaimed as he sat back down on the couch, "We can
finally leave, get back on the road."

"Say Cassidy, where are the others?" Myron asked.

"Beats me." Cassidy stated, "I think Sulik and Marcus are in the carrot
fields."

"What about Dertah?" Myron inquired.

"I dunno."

"You think you could get Vic for me then?" Myron asked.

"Would if I could Myron, but I don't know where he is."

"Fine, I'll look for them myself." Myron stated with an annoyed tone.  He
proceeded to call Cassidy a "lazy bastard" under his breath.  Myron
severely underestimated Cassidy's range of hearing.

"What you call me!" Cassidy asked leaping up from the couch and grabbing
his shotgun.  Myron sprinted out the door, towards the fields.  Cassidy
watched and said to himself,

"Wuss."
 *****************************************************************
        Myron continued his searching for his party.  He encountered Marcus
and
Sulik in the fields, and reported to them how Washu could get all of them
home.  This resulted in a victory dance by Sulik, which ended up in him
stepping on Myron foot and nearly breaking the toes.  Myron cursed at him,
calling him a stupid tribal.  When Myron saw Sulik's eyes flare up at that
last comment, he limped away as fast as he could back towards the house.

Myron decided to check Tenchi's room to see if Dertah and Vic were there.
Myron found Vic repairing a monstrous whole in one of the walls, yet Dertah
was nowhere to be found.  Myron stayed a small distance from Vic, incase he
would break out into a victory celebration, and told them that the party
could go home.  Vic threw his arm in the air in joy, and accidentally
released the hammer he hat been using.  It flew to the top of Tenchi's
ceiling, and came crashing down onto Myron's head.  Myron fell unconscious
after that, and awoke on the couch with a bandage and icepack on his head.
He said to himself "Damn Vic", and left the house.  He decided to look for
Tenchi outside.

Myron had searched several places around the house, yet saw no trace of
Tenchi.  He made several rounds, and could not find him at any place.  He
continued to look for him in the forest, when he heard gunshots.  Myron's
survival instincts kicked in, and he dove to the ground.  When he got back
up, he decided to investigate the area for the source of the gunshots.  He
did not need to look far, for Tenchi and Dertah were standing five feet in
front of him, wondering why he was on the ground.

"Hey Myron.   What's up?" Dertah inquired as he held his 10mm pistol.

"Dertah, Washu said she found a way for us to leave."

"Really?  Woo-Hoo!" Dertah shouted joyfully as he fired a shot in the air
for celebration.  The gunshot resulted in a loud "CRACK!" as the bullet hit
a tree branch.  The branch made a loud snap, and began to fall directly
were Myron was standing.  Myron witnessed the oncoming tree branch, and let
out a small whimper before it fell squarely on his head.  Myron fell to the
ground, knocked out cold.  Dertah formed a sweatdrop, and said to Tenchi,

"That's why you gotta always watch were you fire.  Now let's get back to
training."
*****************************************************************
        Myron, having survived a very painful ordeal, successfully rounded
up his
group.  They all met in Washu's lab, and conversed over what they missed
most at home.  The conversation lasted a while until Washu whistled loudly
to gain everyone's attention.  They all looked up as Washu stepped behind a
podium that seemed to appear from out of nowhere.

"Thank you" she said after she cleared her throat, and continued, "As you
know, I am able to send you back to the world you came from."  This
sentence resulted in celebrations from all in the room, as Myron hid.  He
remembered what happened to him the last time these people heard this fact.

"Quite please." Washu stated, and began again, "However, there is one small
problem."  This caused a murmur amongst the group.

"What kind of problem?" Dertah asked.

"I can only transport you to the exact place from where you warped."

"What's wrong with that?" Dertah said confused.

"If you don't remember, Frank Horrigan from the Enclave was expecting you
there.  When you're transported back, he is sure to be waiting with a whole
mess of soldiers to attack."

"Wow, never thought of that." Dertah explained a little bewildered.

"That's were we come in." A voice from the shadows said.

"What the?  Who's that?" Dertah asked.

The lights in the lab turned on the display Tenchi and Ayeka outfitted in
Jurain battle gear, Ryoko dressed in her combat outfit, Mihoshi in her
Galaxy Police uniform, and Yousho donning his younger self, complete with
his own Jurain battle gear.

"What are you guys doing here?" Dertah questioned.

"We're here to help." Tenchi explained.

"To help?  What for?" Dertah continued to be confused.

"You guys helped us a lot.  With the help of Sulik and Marcus, we've had
the most bountiful carrot harvest ever.  Thanks to Vic, my dad has not
needed to pay a repair bill in over a week.  With Cassidy's help on the
sake' purchases, our expenses have gone down, and we can spend that money
towards something more enjoyable.  And thanks to you Dertah, I have not
needed to endure my grandfather's training exercises for a while." Tenchi
reported.

"Thanks Tenchi, but are you sure you want to help?" Dertah asked.

"Sure, why not?" Tenchi asked.

"Mainly because Frank Horrigan is the most ruthless, vicious killer in our
universe.  He has slaughtered men, women, and children.  He destroys tribes
for fun, completely ransacked the Vault of my grandfather, and commands the
most powerful troops in the world." Dertah stated.

"Well…uh…" Tenchi stuttered forming a sweatdrop.  He did not seem as eager
to help as he once was.

"It would be our pleasure to assist you in any way." Yousho spoke for
Tenchi.

"R-right." Tenchi finally seemed to have found his tongue.

"All right, but let's get ready first." Dertah said to all those in the
room.  Everyone agreed with a nod or a yell as they went back into the
house to gather provisions.
*****************************************************************
        Tenchi and company were all ready prepared for battle, so they
waited for
Dertah's party to get set.  The crew was gathering all of their weapons and
armor, for they knew that they were in for one hell of a battle.  One by
one they emerged from their rooms.

Cassidy was the first to come out.  He was wearing his old leather armor,
what appeared to be an upgraded shotgun than his normal double-barrel sawed
off, and he had two bandoleers of shotgun shells strapped across his chest.
 Next came Marcus, who appeared with out armor, carried his mini-gun, and
had bandoleers of different types of grenades across his chest.  After him
was Sulik, sporting his black leather jacket, and wielding a sledgehammer.
On his right hand was a black glove with spikes that appeared to be
electrically powered, and on his left hand was a set of spiked knuckles.
The rest of the group appeared after him.

Vic appeared before the group, donning a leather jacket that appeared to be
an upgrade of Sulik's.  He was carrying Cassidy's old double-barreled
shotgun, and had his tool-belt stocked with wrenches, combat knives and
throwing knives.  Myron walked hesitantly from the shrine.  He had on
weird, purple robes, and carried his infamous needler pistol with him.  In
place of his pocket protector were several combat stimulants, such as
buffout, psycho, jet, and a few dozen stimpacks.  In the hand not holding
the pistol was three superstims.  Finally after him was Dertah.

Dertah wore very reflective, polished metal armor.  It appeared to have a
blue insignia on it, and underneath were the initials T.B.O.S.  In his
right hand was a handgun that looked like something from a science fiction
movie.  In his left hand was a large pistol that resembled a submachine
gun, yet looked like it had used to be a riffle.  In his holster was his
trusty 10mm pistol, and a knife with a red-handle and the name "Lil' Jesus"
engraved upon it.  Dertah surveyed those around him, gave a nod and said,

"Let's go."
*****************************************************************
        The Tenchi team (minus Nobuyuki, Washu, and Sasami), and Dertah's
party
marched towards the lab.  Washu was standing inside next to large
apparatus.  She was at the controls setting the final coordinates.  She
asked,

"Everybody ready?"  They all responded with a nod, and Washu gave a nod
back to them.

"Here we go, good luck."  Washu said as she pushed the final button.

With that, the group standing before her was surrounded by light.  The team
covered their eyes in the blinding flash, and when they could see again,
they were all in a cramped elevator.  There was a slight humming as the
elevator continued its journey to the bottom floor.  Everyone gazed at the
others with anticipation and fear.  Suddenly the elevator came to a stop,
and a dead silence made itself known.  What seemed like hours passed before
the elevator doors finally opened, and from there the group emerged.

They gazed at their surroundings, and were amazed at the technology that
ran rampant in the room.  Computer monitors lined the walls, with terminals
as far as the eye could see.  Light from the screens flooded the area, and
the steady beep of the computers could be head.  The group's astonishment
was interrupted by the sound of a mechanical voice.

"There they are!  Attack!"  The voice from one of the many metal suits in
front of the group commanded.  The mech-suits charged towards the crew with
no sign of hesitation.

"Ready guys?"  Dertah asked the team behind him.  They all responded with
an affirmative, and charged towards their attackers.
*****************************************************************
        Ryoko, being able to fly, was the first of the group to arrive where
she
wanted.  She quickly hurled a ball of energy into the group of soldiers,
and incinerated three of them, while other scattered.  One of the soldier
could be heard screaming "What kinda' weapon was that!" before he to was
destroyed.  Ryoko ignited her energy sword, and continued to battle with
more of the suits.  Next up was Ayeka.

        Ayeka rushed onward with her shield in place, and Azaka and Kamadake
trailing behind her.  She surrounded a group of soldiers with her miniature
logs, and filled the area with electricity.  She fried them, yet did not
notice the one metal suit rushing in on her.  She turned around just in
time to see Azaka and Kamadake slam into the soldier, and send him flying
into wall.  Ayeka thanked Azaka and Kamadake, and they responded that it
was their pleasure.

        The battle continued on in this fashion.  Tenchi cut down a few
soldiers
using the Tenchi-ken, while Yousho was able to combat them using his hands.
 Mihoshi fired a volley of rounds into the soldiers, and manage to take out
a few.  Marcus was chucking pulse grenades left and right, and managed to
shut off the armor the men where in.  He would walk up to the un-powered
suits, take out the person inside, and bash them with his fist.

Sulik demolished many of the soldiers with his sledge, and destroyed others
with his powerfist/spike knuckle combination.  Cassidy relied purely on
firepower in this battle.  He would simply blast the suits with his shotgun
until they could no longer stand.  Dertah fired his plasma pistol at the
heads of the suits, and fried those inside without much problem.  Myron and
Vic were nowhere to be found in the battle.

The battle raged on until all of a sudden, the suits stopped moving and all
of the lights and computers shut down.  All combat drew to a close as both
teams looked around to see what was going on.  From out of nowhere, Myron
and Vic emerged with large grins plastered on their faces.  Before anyone
could ask, Myron explained to the people.

"I realized that the suits these people are using rely on electrical energy
to power them.  So I had Vic here wire together all of the computers,
monitors, and mainframes, and I caused them to explode in an EMP pulse
wave.  It works just like a pulse grenade.  Thus all the suits are now shut
down." Myron stated confidently.

        With this comment, the Enclave soldiers began to panic as both
Tenchi's
and Dertah's teams began to smile evilly.  Dertah then turned to Ryoko and
said,

"I think you can handle this one Ryoko.  It be a shame if we wasted our
ammo on defenseless opponents such as these."  Ryoko nodded, still bearing
her evil smile, and closed in on the soldiers.

She used her energy sword to quickly slice the remaining soldiers in two as
the crew watched on.  After Ryoko had finally finished, Ayeka said
something about Ryoko being a barbarian for enjoying that so much.  Before
a fight between the to could begin, Tenchi pointed out that their was a
room up ahead.
*****************************************************************
        The large group rushed towards the single room at the end of the
hall.
All of them were preparing themselves for the large battle they knew was to
ensue.  However, they were not prepared for the sight that met them.  When
all of them finally entered the room, they witnessed one solitary large
suit in the middle of the room.  He had no troops with him, no aid of any
variety, he was completely alone.

"Careful."  Dertah warned, "That's the Frank Horrigan I told you about."

"He's huge."  Ryoko stated in awe.

        The entire crew was amazed at the sheer size of their foe to be.  He
was
almost as tall as the ceiling itself.  Horrigan decided to acknowledge the
party at his door.

"I was expecting you Dertah.  However, I did not think you would have so
many people with you.  Who are they?" Horrigan asked in a low, mechanical
voice.

"I does not matter who is with me or why.  All that matters is that you
will die here."  Dertah declared boldly.

"Oh really?  And how do you intend to do that?"  He question amused.

"Like this!"  Dertah shouted as he fired his plasma pistol at Horrigan.

        Thus the battle had begun.  It was chaotic, with eleven people
attacking
one large metal suit.  Myron had completely loaded up on combat stims, and
was now going on a rampage with his needler pistol, completely draining the
magazine in one session of firing.  Ryoko was throwing energy left and
right at Frank Horrigan, while Marcus unloaded a steady stream of
ammunition at him.  Ayeka surrounded him with the miniature logs and
released energy unto the large metal beast.

        Tenchi tossed the Tenchi-ken to Yousho, for he thought Yousho would
be
better suited to use it.  Yousho charged up and delivered a barrage of
savage attacks unto Horrigan.  Sulik joined Yousho by adding in his sledge
and powerfist.  Cassidy continuously fired his three-round burst on his
combat shotgun into Horrigan, with Mihoshi joining in with her energy
pistol and Vic with his shotgun.  It was in the mist of all the chaos of
battle that Dertah made an observation.

"Dear God… It's not even phasing him!"

"What do you mean?!"  Tenchi shouted in fear.

"Look at him!  He isn't even moving back!  He's just standing there!"

"What're we gonna do?"  Tenchi asked.

"Here, cover me."   Dertah commanded as he tossed Tenchi his 10mm pistol.

"M-me?  I'm a horrible shot, you know that!"  Tenchi yelled.

"Listen, we don't got time for that.  I'm gonna sneak up amidst all the
confusion, climb up the back of his suit, rip off the top hatch, and stab
him through his head.  It's about the only way to kill him."  Dertah
explained.

"What do you need me to do!?"  Tenchi asked.

"If he sees me advancing, I want you to fire at him."

"I-I'll try."  Tenchi stuttered.

"I'm going in, cover me!"  Dertah shouted as he ran out into the battle.

Dertah charged into the battle, focused on his one goal of destroying
Horrigan.  He ran through all the gunshots, past Mihoshi's laser fire, and
through the constant volley of plasma grenades from Marcus.  He rushed past
Yousho and Sulik trying to cut Horrigan down.  He reached the leg of
Horrigan's suit, when he noticed Horrigan's weapon begin to point down at
him.  Dertah's life flashed in front of his eyes, before the screening was
interrupted by Tenchi's shout of,

"Nooooooooooooo!!!"

        Tenchi drew the pistol, took aim, concentrated, and fire one round
squarely at Horrigan's head.  After that, all combat stopped.  Everyone
marveled as the once mighty Frank Horrigan was now beginning to collapse
onto the floor.  He was clutched at where his eyes would be, and the clear
helmet he wore displayed a bullet whole and streaks of blood.  The suit
Frank Horrigan was in began to spark, with larger and larger flashes of
electricity, before eventually exploding.  Dertah witnessed this, looked
towards Tenchi with awe, looked at what used to be Frank Horrigan, looked
back at Tenchi, and said,

"Wow.  Cool critical hit."
*****************************************************************
        Dertah and crew stood alone in the large room of Frank Horrigan, all
amazed at Tenchi's miracle shoot.  Some complimented him, others
congratulated him, while others just continued to stare at him in awe.
Yousho, now back into his elder "Katsuhito" form, patted Tenchi on the back
and said,

"It appears it was a good idea to have you train with Dertah."

        This comment resulted in laughter from everyone in the room,
including
Dertah and Tenchi.  Tenchi realized something though,

"Hey, wait a minute, how are we gonna get home?"

        As if on cue, Mihoshi Galaxy Police watch began to beep.  Mihoshi
expressed interest and activated the watch.  From it came Washu's voice.

"Tenchi, are you there?"  Washu asked from the watch.

"Yeah, I'm here Washu."

"How did it go?"

"We won Washu, we did it."  Tenchi told Washu.

"Glad to hear it.  By the way, I figured out a way to get you back home."
Washu explained.

"What do you mean 'figured out'?  You didn't know how to do so when you
sent us here?"

"Well…uh…no."  Washu stated.  Everyone in the Tenchi crew face faulted.

"How do they do that?"  Cassidy pondered aloud.

"Anyway,"  Washu continue, "Just hop aboard the elevator Tenchi and you'll
warp back.  I've set it so that only Tenchi's party will be able to be
transported here, so Dertah's crew doesn't have to worry about that."
Washu explained.

"How are you able to determine which are the right people?"  Myron asked.

"Those samples you all gave were good for something."  Washu said gleefully.

"Anyway,"  Dertah interrupted, "It's been fun while it lasted Tenchi."

"Sure has Dertah."

"I guess it's time we all say goodbye."  Dertah continued.

"Guess so."  Tenchi agreed.

Everyone in the group said their respective parting words.  Myron's
resulted in him getting slapped by Ryoko, Ayeka, and Mihoshi.  Marcus's
were as his normal speech is, short and to the point.  Sulik gave a few
words from the spirits.  Cassidy gave a nod to everyone, while Vic gave a
hearty hug and a handshake.  Dertah went around to each person, and said
something to them in the form of goodbye.  He finally reached Tenchi, and
spoke to him.

"That was a great shot you made."

"Thanks."  Tenchi said forming a little sweatdrop.  Dertah starred at the
sweatdrop, still not sure what to make of it, dismissed the thought, and
continued.

"You should keep up the training, and for that you'll need this."  Dertah
said as he handed Tenchi the 10mm and the holster.

"I can't take this."  Tenchi explained, but was interrupted by Dertah.

"Don't worry.  I got in trouble for doing something like this at the
Wright's place, but I think you can handle this.  And here, have this."
Dertah continued as he handed Tenchi enough ammunition to start a war.  The
weight caused Tenchi's knees to buckle, and eventually Tenchi collapsed on
the floor.

"Keep up the training."  Dertah laughed, "And try to get stronger."

"Goodbye!"  Both groups said to each other as Tenchi and friends loaded
onto the elevator.

With all of them crammed in, they pushed the button to the top floor.  The
elevator hummed like before until it came to a stop at the top floor.  When
the door opened, they were back at Washu's lab.  She greeted them with a
hello as they all stepped, and congratulated them on their victory.  Sasami
ran up to Tenchi and hugged him tightly.  Ryoko and Ayeka both became
infuriated with this prospect.  It appeared that the Tenchi crew would take
no time to readjust to life without the Chosen One and his friends.
*****************************************************************

Wow, my second fanfic completed.  This took a lot longer than my first (I
hope that means it's better.)  Please send feedback to
hatman@inetaccess.com (Hey, if you don't send feedback, who will?)  Thanks
for reading my story, and before you ask, the name Dertah is just something
I'm using for an RPG, and considering that there is no set name for your
character in Fallout 2, I think it suffices.  Thanks for reading the story.


