Disclaimer: I of course do not own any of these characters someone else 
designed and created them. I am not doing this for money so please 
don't sue me I'm totally broke anyway.


"Tenchi Muyo" 
Chapter 5: No Need For A Wedding!

(Seven years later.)

    "Well today's the day. I'm going to ask Ryoko to marry me. I've 
made 
up my mind." Tenchi said as he brought his things from his apartment. 
He 
had made sure the link with Ryoko was closed so he would be able to 
surprise her. He took a small black box from his pocket and opened it. 
Inside it was a ring with three small red jewels set in a triangular 
pattern, with a diamond set in the middle. He also had an engagement 
ring, which was a golden band. The stone set in the center of the ring 
was actually from Jurai. After the recent death of Azusa and Ayeka's 
mysterious disappearance Tenchi took the thrown, but spent most of his 
time on earth. 

    Washu had recently married Gene, and went on to be the Prime 
Minister of Jurai and Tenchi sent his orders through her. Ryoko's 
crimes 
were all forgiven and no one even gives a funny look at her, not with 
Tenchi around. The last person who did that ended up in the hospital 
for 
a week. Ashia had become a member of the Jurai army as a trainer for 
Special Forces, which suited her well. Sazuka was also a member of the 
Jurai army training spies and other covert-ops soldiers. Jim was being 
trained under Washu to improve his already superb computer hacking 
skills along with other things including Sasami. Melfina was part of 
the 
elite forces or part of Gene's crew, but besides that she was also 
linked with all the GP and Jurai ships, much like Sasami. She was also 
responsible for foreign negotiations because of her all around peaceful 
and persuasive manner. Ryo-Ohki, who came back after a mysterious 3 
years after Tenchi went to college, and Ken-Ohki were part of Gene's 
fleet. The only problem was that they sometimes wouldn't follow orders 
seeing as Ryoko is no longer their pilot. Also they came back with 
close 
to two hundred children which explains why they were gone for so long 
Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki both had taken up using a teenage human form and 
had recently learned to talk and had taken permanent residence on 
Jurai. 

 Tenchi packed continued to pack then left. He spent the drive in 
thought. He now had a lot less to worry about, mostly the worry that 
plagued him for seven and a half years his and Ryoko's age difference. 
Washu had recently informed him that because of his extraordinary 
powers 
he was basically equivalent to a demi-god, which really surprised him, 
and thus was immortal. Ryoko too was immortal but Washu would not say 
why. It really didn't matter though.

    Meanwhile back at the Masaki home Ryoko was pacing back and forth 
in 
the living room. "Oh I just can't sit still Tenchi's coming home but he 
has the link closed. Oh this is frustrating!" Suddenly Sasami walked in 
with Jim. They were both eighteen now and Sasami had recently fully 
assimilated with Tsunami and had acquired her powers.

"Ryoko what's wrong?" She asked.

"As if you didn't already know Sasami." She said with a smile. Sasami 
also smiled.

"Ryoko don't worry he'll be here soon."

"Yeah calm down." Jim said.

"I know, I know. I just want to see him. I had to leave in the middle 
of 
the first year when the maid saw me and was band ever since." She 
cursed 
herself for being so foolish.

"Don't worry Ryoko. Well, Jim and I have... Uhhh... Some plans for 
today." Sasami said with a slight blush.

"Oh you do, do you." She said with a grin. "You know Tenchi was 
seventeen when we did it."

"Yeah well! Who cares?"

"I'm just kidding Sasami. Well I'll let you two have your fun."

"Thanks Ryoko." She said as she and Jim ran upstairs.

"Those two. Sasami's so much like me and Jim's so much like Tenchi. 
It's 
a wonder, that Sasami's Ayeka's little sister." Ryoko said shaking her 
head and phased outside.

    Tenchi came inside and searched the house for Ryoko. When he found 
that no one was there he figured Ryoko must be outside. He ran around 
looking for her instead of using the link. He new using it would ruin 
the surprise. He looked everywhere, when he finally found her under a 
cherry blossom tree. He slowly crept up behind her and put his hands 
over her eyes. "Guess who." He said. Ryoko took a big breath.

"Hey don't tease me." She said as she pulled him around and kissed him.

"Well I'm glad to see you too." He said when they parted.

"Tenchi I'm so glad you're home!" She said jumping into his arms. He 
then carried her into the house and placed her on the couch. 

"Ryoko I have to tell you something. I don't have to worry about being 
interrupted, with Sasami and Jim "busy"." They both laughed. "Ryoko 
what 
I wanted to tell you... Or rather ask you was." Tenchi reached in his 
pocket for one of the black boxes. He pulled it out and gave it to her. 
She opened it and gasped. "Ryoko... Will you marry me?" Tears welled up 
in Ryoko's eyes.

"Of course I will Tenchi." She said with tears of joy. Tenchi gave her 
a 
long and passionate kiss.

    Half an hour later Sasami and Jim emerged from their room, Jim beet 
red. "Hey Tenchi you're home." Sasami yelled giving him a hug.

"So you finally did it Sasami." He said. The princess blushed and 
nodded. "Jim... Jim?" Jim just stood there. "Never mind."

"Hey Sasami. Come here." Ryoko said making a motion with her hand.

"Yeah. What is it Ryoko?" Ryoko held out her hand. Sasami didn't know 
about this, she was to caught up in other things to notice.

"Tenchi proposed to me. Can you believe it?" Sasami face lit up and she 
gave Ryoko a hug.

"I'm so happy for you Ryoko. Tenchi good going. But how were you able 
to 
keep it from me?"

"Well I knew you were to "Busy" to notice."

"Ehehe. Whoops."

"Now, Ryoko how would you like to have the wedding on Jurai?"

"Huh? Jurai, why?"

"Well we could take a vacation there too. And because I heard their 
weddings are much more fun than earth's."

"Sure Tenchi. When?"

"As soon as possible. I'll try to have it in a week. I'm sure they can 
handle that for the emperor."

"YES! I'm getting married!!!"

"Hey Ryoko if you're getting married in a week, that means we'll have 
to 
have a party!" Sasami said. "And Jim and Tenchi have to have one too!"

"Uhhh... Sasami I think I'll pass. I've heard what happens at these 
bachelor parties. I don't think Ryoko would really want me doing that."

"Yeah Sasami, Why are you encouraging me to go? You know Tenchi's dad 
will make the arrangements."

"You know what you're right Jim, don't go." Sasami said.

"I second that for you Tenchi." Tenchi nodded.

"Well, I'll go call Washu and find out how soon she can prepare it."

"Ok Tenchi. Hurry back." Ryoko said. He nodded and ran to Washu's 
former 
lab. Tenchi started working on the transmitter. Suddenly Washu's face 
appeared on the screen. She bowed.

"Yes, your majesty?" Washu said a slight grin on her face.

"Washu you know that bugs me. You're my friend and it doesn't feel 
right." Washu's grin turned to a bright smile.

"So what do you need Tenchi?" Washu said. Tenchi heard Gene's voice in 
the background.

"What Tenchi's calling?" Suddenly Gene's face appeared. "Hey Tenchi 
long 
time no see. What's up?"

"I'll let Washu tell you when I'm done. Ok?"

"Sure Tenchi. See ya." He said as Washu pushed him away.

"Now what did you need?"

"Well I was wondering if you could prepare something as soon as 
possible." Washu's face looked confused.

"What Tenchi?"

"Here this will tell you." He said as he pulled out two black boxes one 
empty and the other had a beautiful ring in it. Washu's face lit up.

"Tenchi did you..." Tenchi nodded. Washu started jumping around. "Hey 
Gene guess what! Tenchi proposed to Ryoko!" She yelled. Gene's head 
popped back into view.

"Wow! No way Tenchi! Good going." Gene said, with a big smile.

"Oh and Sasami and Jim tried "Something" new... If you know what I 
mean." Tenchi said when Gene burst out laughing. Wham!!! Washu kicked 
him in the groin.

"Oh crap... And I thought I got away from that. I'll see ya Tenchi I've 
got to go find an ice pack."

"Well it serves you right." Washu said trying to act like Sasami. "So 
Tenchi I'm guessing you want to have the wedding on Jurai, and you want 
me to get it ready in about a week, that's as soon as I can."

"Hey Washu how'd you know exactly when I wanted it?"

"Don't worry about it Tenchi."

"Oh well. Thanks Washu!"

"Welcome Tenchi. Oh, and tell Ryoko I said congratulations all right? 
See ya." 

"Sure Washu. See ya in a about two or three days." With that the screen 
shut down and Tenchi went to tell Ryoko the good news. 

   "Hey Sasami you have to help me choose a dress." Ryoko said.

"Sure Ryoko, but what kind an earth wedding kimono or a Juraian kimono 

"Which ones do you like Sasami?"

"Well... I prefer the Juraian they're just more colorful, and sexy. And 
to tell you the truth they come in any color combination so you could 
choose something with, red, cyan, and gold. There are a few other 
colors 
you could mix in but those would be the best main ones."

"All right I'll get a Juraian kimono. Which gives us an excuse to go to 
Jurai early, that sound ok to you Sasami?"

"Sure Ryoko! You don't mind do you Jim?"

"No I've always wanted to see Jurai. Plus will probably get a private 
palace room, right." He said with a smirk.

"Oh you're bad." Sasami said giving him the same smirk.

"I think you're both bad." Ryoko chimed.

"Ryoko you and Tenchi will probably be worse than us. And speaking of 
bad Ryoko I have the perfect bathing suit for you come and get it when 
ever."

"Ok I'll get it right now." She said. Sasami led her to her and Jim's 
room and pulled out a normal looking cyan bathing suit. "So? What's so 
special about that?" Sasami sighed and started to whisper something in 
Ryoko's ear that made her eyes light up. "Really?! No Way!" 

"Yep I had it made specially for you." 

"Hey Sasami, What's so special? Come on tell me please!"

"Don't worry Jim I've got one too. You'll see it soon enough."

"Yeah in about two days." Ryoko said.

"Oh all right!" He said, as he followed Sasami into the kitchen.

    "Ryoko. I just talked to Washu and she said that there'd be no 
problem with having it in a week."

"YES! You can always count on Washu!"

"You didn't always think that." Tenchi said giving her a grin.

"Well that was then. Tenchi we need to leave in two days. Is that all 
right?"

"Of course. But why?" He said as he walked into the kitchen..

"Well I have to go shopping don't I? And besides it'll be like a pre-
vacation."

"Ok, I've never heard of a pre-vacation though. Wow! Sasami what are 
you 
cooking? It smells great."

"Everybody's favorite. It is a special day Tenchi."

"Well thanks I haven't had a good meal in ages. Well I don't count my 
cooking good anyway." Sasami giggled.

"Yeah well that's what I'm here for Tenchi."

"Ooohh Tenchi." Came Ryoko's voice as she phased into Tenchi's arms. 
"You're supposed to be spending time with me."

"Oh how could I have forgotten?" He said with a grin.

"I don't know but you better not do it again. And also you have to 
spend 
extra time with me. I was so bored while you were gone and Sasami 
regularly had to stop me from going to your apartment and drag you back 
home, destroying your school in the process." She said with a grin.

"Is that true Sasami?" Sasami nodded. "Well then I guess I will have to 
spend extra time with you which is what I was going to do anyway."
    Later that day Tenchi was with Ryoko when an indicator on his wrist 
went off. It was a GP wrist communicator for contacting him when he 
wasn't in the house. Suddenly Mihoshi's image appeared. "Hey Tenchi, 
long time no see. I'm calling because I have a message from Washu."

"Thanks Mihoshi. Will you put it through?" Suddenly Washu's image 
popped 
up. "What's up Washu?" Washu's face looked somewhat grim.

"Tenchi I need to talk to you. Only you." She said as she gave a glance 
at Ryoko.

"All right. See ya Tenchi." She said, blowing him a kiss. When she 
disappeared a bright red door appeared beside Tenchi and Washu stepped 
out.

"Oh! a personal call. Washu, there's something's wrong isn't there? 
What 
is it?"

"Well Tenchi I've never really told you but, like Tsunami I too am a 
goddess."

"Whhaaa! Really? Why didn't you ever tell me?"

"That's not important Tenchi. What's important is you and Ryoko. Tenchi 
Tsunami and I have a sister, Tokimi. Tokimi is the more powerful one of 
us. She is planning to create Universal destruction. With Tsunami and I 
around we've managed to keep her at bay, but I have a ad feeling 
Tenchi. 
The reason you never told your true feelings sooner was because Tokimi 
feared the power you hold. When Ryoko is harmed your power goes up and 
the closer you get to each other the stronger your potential. I have a 
feeling Tokimi was interested in your true power so she let you tell 
Ryoko and get together, but now that you're getting married I fear she 
may not want you to go that far. She cannot influence you again not 
after giving up her hold. So I think the wedding, and you're lives are 
in jeopardy. I've upped the security to an all time high, but Tokimi's 
lackey D-3 will easily overcome them. Sasami and I will do all we can 
to 
help, but most of it will be up to you. Now I will enable you to call 
upon the Light Hawk Wings at any time." Washu finished and started 
glowing. Tenchi also started glowing, when suddenly the Light Hawk 
Wings 
flew from his body.

"Wow! Washu this is a lot to take in but I now know how to call up the 
wings." Tenchi dispersed them but this time was not weakened.

"Now Tenchi there's something else I need to tell you. Two giant ships 
have appeared, one near Jurai, and one in the outskirts of earth's 
atmosphere. Every time we confront the one near Jurai it disappears. 
For 
this reason we are sending you a Jurai ship and escorts. On separate 
ships I assure you Tenchi." She said the last part with a grin.

"Thanks Washu. Oh, one more thing could you send them in two days? 
Early 
of course."

"Sure Tenchi. Bye." With that she stepped through the pink dimensional 
tunnel.

     Two days later Tenchi and Ryoko were in the royal flagship Funaho. 
"Ryoko are you ready?"

"Yeah! lets go!" She said holding her hand in the air. Washu's image 
suddenly appeared.

"Tenchi I have to warn you and Ryoko that you might be boarded so be 
ready for anything. Tenchi please be careful."

"Don't worry Washu. I promise, that Ryoko and I will arrive safely."

"Yeah don't worry mom."

"All right. See ya." The image disappeared.

"Tenchi lets make it a busy ride. Ok?" She said with a devious grin.

"That's inevitable with us my love." He said as he kissed her

"Hey Ryoko Jim and I think that's a great idea too." A screen with the 
image of Sasami was just to the left of Ryoko. Ryoko broke the kiss. 

"You two little eves droppers you had to interrupt us." Ryoko said 
giving them the evil eye and a grin.

"Sorry Ryoko, but Jim and I are going on ahead."

"All right Sasami. Will be there a while later we're taking it slow." 
Ryoko said picking up where they left off on the kiss.

"Ok. See ya." Ryoko just made a motion for them to leave and the screen 
disappeared. Suddenly Ryoko phased both she and Tenchi to the ships 
main 
bedroom. She snapped her fingers and the lights went out and she 
started 
unbuttoning his shirt as the ship took off. Suddenly a screen popped up 
with Gene staring wide-eyed right at them.

"Oh... Did I catch you two at a bad time?" He said with a smile.

"You're worse than Washu!" Ryoko yelled pulling the covers over her.

"Hey Gene what's up with the clothes? And where are you?" Tenchi asked 
pulling the covers over him as well.

"Oh, these clothes are what I use to wear while piloting the Outlaw 
Star 
and this is the Outlaw Star. Washu doesn't trust the capability of your 
standard escorts so she sent me."

"Yeah! So why'd I have to come along?" Jim's voice could be heard in 
the 
background.

"Because you're the computer expert. I'm not going to endanger Washu 
and 
plus you're part of the original crew and Sasami said it was ok." 

"I guess you're right. You never could do anything without Washu or 
me."

"Hey shut up. Our main priority is to protect Tenchi. GOT IT?!"

"Ok! Ok! Lighten up Gene."

"Well ok but could you leave us alone and next time don't use the 
visual 
monitor!" Tenchi yelled.

"Alright. I'll contact you in about half an hour. At the speed you're 
going it'll take that long to reach that ship." Gene said as the screen 
disappeared.

"Now, where were we?" Ryoko said in a seductive voice as she turned the 
lights out once more.

    In the dimension known only to the three goddesses. "D-3 are you're 
troops ready?"

"Yes Lady."

"D-3 I want this wedding stopped. I had not planned for it to go this 
far! You are not to kill them but disturb the wedding. If you're 
successful then I'll make my move immediately. If you're not then I 
will 
have to prepare. Now go!" 

"Yes Lady Tokimi." He said and disappeared.

    "Warning. Warning multiple ships launched by approaching vessel." 
The computer's alarm sounded. This made Tenchi and Ryoko fall to the 
floor.

"Crap! Why do we always get interrupted!" Ryoko yelled as she punched 
the wall.

"Calm down. Ryoko I'll handle this you stay here." Tenchi then summoned 
his normal armor and grabbed the Tenchi-Ken.

"No! I'm going with you!" 

"No I mean it stay here! I don't want you hurt! I can handle this 
alone!" Tenchi said as he ran through the door.

"Tenchi are you all right? I'll take care of the fighters. You'll 
probably be boarded so watch your back. The escorts were destroyed 
quickly, so Washu was right."

"Ok thanks Gene." Tenchi said when Gene's image disappeared.

    In the Outlaw Star. "Ok switch to grappler combat mode!' Gene said 
flipping the eye piece up. "Ashia Sazuka ready with the arms?" They 
nodded. "Ok Jim I know you're rusty but let's give it all we got!"

"Right Gene!"

"Melfina are you up to it?" 

"Of course!"

"LET'S GO!" Gene cried as he engaged the enemy.

    Meanwhile back on Funaho. The ship suddenly lurched. "Warning, 
Breach in blocks one-five-nine and two-four-seven!" The Emergency 
lights 
came on. "Ok I have to get there!" {Ryoko do not come along! I mean 
it!} 
Tenchi thought but there was no reply. Tenchi cursed himself and ran 
towards the breach points. When he arrived he saw six men dressed in 
black battle suits.

"Ah, you must be Tenchi Jurai. No offense but we're here to kill you." 
One of them said.

"Actually Tenchi Masaki. And you will pay for attempting to ruin my 
wedding!" He said as he lunged at them. The man parried and counter-
attacked but to no avail Tenchi caught the man's arm and impaled 
another 
attacker from the side then brought the sword around and cut the man in 
front of him in half. One slashed at Tenchi who tried to dodge but was 
hit in the side.

"AHHHHH! You'll pay for that!" He said, cutting the man's head off. 
Suddenly to more ships unloaded more troops. Tenchi was now up against 
twelve attackers. Ryoko saw this through the link and felt that Tenchi 
was getting nervous.

"Tenchi!" She cried out to no one.

{No, Ryoko do not come! Stay there. I can handle this trust me. I'm 
breaking the link.}

{No! Tenchi don't!} "Noooo!" She screamed out after the link was cut.

Tenchi summoned the Light Hawk Wings along with the armor and sword yet 
they were his regular set not the super wings. "You will pay!"

"What Tokimi said he could not call on them without some outside help! 
We cannot beat him!" One of them shouted.

"Shut up and fight!" Tenchi said lunging at them. They were no match 
for 
him despite there advantage in numbers. Tenchi took them out with ease 
he received no damage what so ever. Suddenly a blue energy ball grazed 
his arm. He turned to see a white haired man with blue eyes. "Who are 
you?"

"My name is D-3 Tokimi's loyal servant. The troops you just fought are 
nothing compared to me! And I will kill you." He said.

"Let's just see if your powers are as big as your talk." 

"Very well then." D-3 three suddenly phased away and appeared behind 
Tenchi. He swung and Tenchi was barely able to parry. They fought 
intensely Ryoko could feel their energy. They seemed to be equal in 
strength, although Tenchi was much faster D-3 had more experience. D-3 
was disciplined and could stay in a fight a lot longer than Tenchi who 
was beginning to wear down. They fought for another thirty minutes when 
Tenchi's Light Hawk Wings suddenly stated to fade.

"Is that all? I thought you would be a much more worthy opponent Tenchi 
Masaki." D-3 said with a laugh and lunged at Tenchi. Tenchi was to 
tired 
he tried to parry but to no avail. The blade just missed hi heart and 
jabbed him in the side causing him to cough and spit out blood.

"You... I'll kill you." Tenchi choked out. Ryoko felt this wave of pain 
from Tenchi through the link.

{NO! Tenchi no please don't die!} She screamed in her head.

{No... Ryoko don't interfere I don't want you to be hu...} Tenchi was 
cut off as he was jabbed again in the stomach.

{No! Tenchi I'm coming!}

"HA! How do you hope to accomplish that." He said after jabbing Tenchi 
again.

{NO! Do not come I won't let y...} Tenchi then fell unconscious.

{D-3 stop! I told you not to kill him!} Came Tokimi's voice in D-3's 
head.

{Yes Lady.} 
 
{Tenchi... Tenchi answer me...} "No, no it can't be." She started 
sobbing uncontrollably. Then her eyes turned evil and she formed her 
battle suit and her energy sword. She phased to Tenchi's position and 
saw D-3 kick him across the room. She rushed at him in complete rage 
and 
took him by surprise jabbing him in the chest.

"Ryoko I should have paid more attention. I will leave... For now... 
But 
mark my words we will meet again... In four days... At the Jurai 
palace."

"Don't you dare!" She said, but he disappeared. She then drew her 
attention to Tenchi. "Tenchi wake up... Tenchi please! Don't die on 
me!" 
She started to cry again when he stirred slightly and opened his eyes.

"Ry... Ryoko... I'll be ok..." He said as he passed out again. This 
relieved her greatly she phased to their bedroom and put him in bed.

    "Gene you idiot we have no ammo left! And we are seriously 
outnumbered."

"Cool it Jim. We've been in worse situations."

"Actually Gene this is the worst yet." Gilliam added. Gene frowned.

"Yeah well you didn't have to bring that up you know?"

"I'm sorry Gene." 

 "Let's just do it. Ashia, Sazuka give me full control of the grappler 
arms. Jim, configure the Outlaw Star to operate at maximum efficiency."

"RIGHT!" They all said at once.

"LET'S GO!" Gene shot toward the fleet at full speed. He knew he 
couldn't take them completely out on the first pass that would take to 
long and would leave him vulnerable to attacks.

"Gene go through and just bash each ship little by little. That way 
we'll not only be moving fast enough to avoid major damage but it will 
affect the enemy ships performance!" Jim said working away at his holo-
computer courtesy of Washu.

"Right Jim. You still haven't lost your touch." Gene said. He went 
through just as Jim had said and it seemed to be working. After a while 
he had picked off about half the enemy forces and the ones that were 
left were heavily damaged some inoperable. "Yeah see I told you I could 
do it." Gene said confidently. The others frowned at him. "Ehehe. With 
help from you guys of course." They all nodded.

"Gene I'm picking up another ship. I've tried to hail it but it won't 
respond. It seems to be the carrier that disappeared after it's initial 
attack." Gilliam said.

"Ah Crap! Jim any suggestions?"

"Yeah almost there... YES! Thanks Washu!" Suddenly a supply pod 
appeared 
out of nowhere.

"Wow Jim! What did you do?" Gene asked.

"I asked Washu for a quick re-supply. Melfina can give you the best 
battle strategy." 

"Ok Melfina. What do you suggest?"

"It's an advanced grappler combat mode that allows you to have sort of 
a 
virtual control over the Outlaw Star. In short you will fight the enemy 
vessel in a human form in the VR world and the Outlaw Star is mimicking 
your moves in the real world."

"Whatever Melfina I don't understand what you just said but it sounds 
good. Let's do it." Gene suddenly found himself in a sort of blue 
looking environment with the captain of the enemy ship rushing toward 
him. "So this is what she meant." Gene said as he rushed at the man.

    In the real world the Outlaw Star was undergoing some major changes 
it was getting bigger and the grappler arms, along with everything 
else, 
seemed to be getting stronger and had a different look to them. Gene's 
body was in the pilot seat but his mind was somewhere else, which 
really 
didn't seem to be that big a deal to Jim.

"You're going down." Gene said as he punched the crap out of his 
attacker.

"You're pretty good, but still no match for me." The battle raged on 
and 
towards the end Gene seemed to be winning and the man's look changed to 
one of disbelief and humiliation. "I greatly under-estimated you. You 
may have defeated me but you will never defeat the capital ship near 
Jurai. My brother is the captain and he is far more powerful than I." 
The man said then disintegrated. Gene snapped back to the real world.

"So how much damage did we take Jim?" Jim just stared at him. "What?"

"Very little. You were awesome!" Jim said along with the others.

"Yeah, well Melfina was the one who came up with that advanced grappler 
mode." 

"Oh, it was nothing Gene." She said, with a smile.

"Always the modest one, eh Melfina. Well never mind let's go home, 
Ryoko 
and Tenchi went ahead. They accelerated so something must be wrong." He 
said as they shot off toward Jurai.

    The Funaho made it to Jurai, where Washu, Sasami, Lady Funaho, and 
Lady Misaki were there to greet them along with some others. The hatch 
shot open and Ryoko ran out carrying an unconscious Tenchi in her arms.

"Oh my god! Ryoko what happened?" Washu asked a look of great worry on 
her face.

"Yeah Ryoko!" Sasami followed.

"I'll tell you later! Washu we have to help him." Ryoko said tears 
still 
in her eyes.

"Right Ryoko." Washu snapped her fingers and a sub-space portal 
appeared. "Right this way." Washu stepped in with the others right 
behind her.

"Washu will he be alright?" Ryoko asked.

"He was jabbed twice. One of which barely missed his heart. Do you know 
who did this?" Ryoko nodded.

"Yeah it was sort of an old looking man with light gray hair and pale 
blue eyes. I was able to chase him off but he said he would not allow 
the wedding to proceed. I was only able to help because I caught him by 
surprise."

"Oh my god! D-3, Tokimi's right hand man. Ryoko how were you able to 
take him by surprise weren't you with Tenchi?" Ryoko shook her head.

"No, he wouldn't let me leave the room. I begged him but he just 
wouldn't let me. He said he didn't want me to get hurt, that he could 
handle it. Why would he say that? He knows I can take care of myself."

"He said it because he loves you. D-3 would have targeted you first. 
Even though you might have been able to help him you would certainly 
have gotten the worst of it and Tenchi would rather it be him who was 
hurt or killed than you." Washu said on the verge of tears. Ryoko 
nodded.

"I know, but he should have let me!" 

"Maybe but he didn't. He'll recover consciousness in about an hour. Did 
Gene arrive in time?" Washu asked changing the subject.

"Yes. He uhhh... Popped in at the wrong time though." She said turning 
beet red.

"Ooohhhh he did, did he." Washu said with a smirk. "You two just can't 
control yourselves can you? Despite my warning to be ready for anything 
you two still let pleasure come first. I guess you get that from your 
mom." Washu said with a wide grin.

"That and the fact that it's Tenchi."

"True!" Washu said. "Ryoko I don't think I ever asked you. How well 
hung 
is he?" Ryoko blushed the darkest shade of red ever.

"MOM! That's so embarrassing! Why do you always ask those questions?  
Well all right I'll tell you." Ryoko said as she whispered something in 
her mother's ear, Washu smiled and turned red.

"Really? Wow Ryoko I didn't even predict that despite all the tests I 
did. You're lucky!"

"I know. Speaking of tests Washu when exactly will we become 
compatible?"

"The day after the wedding."

"Wait but wasn't it suppose to take exactly seven years?"

"No I just said that because I had a hunch that he'd ask you to marry 
him after college and I didn't want you getting pregnant before you two 
got married and it looks like I made the right decision seeing the 
extreme lack of self-control you both have. Call it a wedding gift from 
me."

"Why you! Why couldn't you just tell us the truth?"

"You would've killed me." Washu said flatly. 

"Oh! Yeah I guess you're right. Now will you leave? I'd like to be 
alone 
with Tenchi."

"All right. He did the same for you those many years ago." Ryoko gave 
Washu a smile. Washu returned it and walked out.       

     One hour later Tenchi started stir. "Huuhh... What... what 
happened?" Tenchi stuttered as he saw Ryoko's concerned face looking at 
him.

"Oh! Tenchi thank god you're all right. What the hell were you thinking 
fighting those guys alone? You scared the hel..." Tenchi calmed Ryoko 
by 
giving her a long passionate kiss. After about a minute they broke away 
from lack of oxygen. "Never mind Tenchi." Ryoko said looking dazed and 
surprised all at once. Suddenly Gene walked through the door to the 
lab.

"Hey is everything alright Tenchi? I heard screaming in here. Hey 
what's 
up with Ryoko, usually it's you who looks like that."

"Ah I gave her a little kiss and she flipped out."

"I don't think a minute is a little kiss Tenchi." Ryoko said phasing 
into his arms. "Oh, Gene thanks for helping us back there."

"Don't mention it Ryoko. It actually felt good to get back in the 
Outlaw 
Star." 

"Hey Gene where's our room?" Tenchi asked. "We uhhh... Kind of have to 
finish something." Tenchi said as his face turned crimson.

"Ooooohhhh! I see. Right this way Tenchi." He said leading them out the 
door and through a big hallway. "Now Tenchi, as you can see these 
hallways carry sound very well so the doors are completely sound proof. 
The rooms are fashioned to where you could survive in one without ever 
coming out."

"Hell why would I need a room like that? I have Ryoko." 

"Tenchi you spoil me." She said as her face turned crimson.

"Well, see ya Gene." Tenchi said as he carried Ryoko towards the door.

"Yeah but that could be a while? See ya." He said walking toward his 
and 
Washu's room. Washu was typing on her holo-computer.

"You did well Gene." Washu said without taking her eyes off her 
computer.

"Thanks. Washu are you sure that Tokimi's behind all this?"

"I'm positive, which is why I need you to do another favor for me."

"Anything for you."

"I need you to stay just outside of Jurai and monitor things up there, 
mainly that unknown ship. It will definitely attack the day of the 
wedding."

"Well, all right Washu." He said walking back out.

     "Why do I have to go?" Jim yelled walking to the docking bay along 
side Gene and the rest of the crew.

"Same reason as last time." Gene said.

"You never gave me a reason!"

"That's right."

"Ooohhh! You're impossible Gene!" Jim said, folding his arms.

      That night Washu was taking every security precaution possible 
even for the emperor of Jurai. She was monitoring every inch of the 
palace. "Tokimi! Can't you just leave them alone?! My daughter finally 
finds happiness and one of the most powerful forces in the universe is 
out to ruin it for her! I better go out with Sasami and Ryoko when they 
go looking for Ryoko's dress, who knows what Tokimi might do?"

    The next morning Tenchi awoke with Ryoko staring right at him. 
"Whoa! Ryoko I you give a new meaning to the word old habits die hard!" 
Ryoko rolled over to her side of the bed.

"I know. Hey Tenchi let's go take a walk. Sasami and I will be leaving 
soon."

"Fine with me, but what about Washu?"

"What about her? I'm sure she won't mind. Besides what she doesn't know 
can't hurt her." She said with a grin.

"You're right, but it's up to you to get us out unnoticed."

"Sure. Hang on."

"Don't I always." He said as they disappeared. They reappeared out of 
site of any guards. "So where do you want to go?" She gave Tenchi a 
grin.

"You'll see." She said as she led him off. They finally arrived in 
front 
of a huge building. "Come on." Ryoko said as she opened the door and 
went in Tenchi right behind her. Inside was an enormous pool. "I had 
Washu put it in." She said as she started walking to the changing room.

"You mean there wasn't one before?" 

"There was, but apparently the last Jurai emperor had it removed. Now 
I'm going to change. No peeking." She said with a grin.

    About five minutes later Tenchi came out, about fifteen minutes 
later Ryoko came out in one of... No the skimpiest bathing suit he had 
ever seen. Tenchi just stared at her, which was not unusual. She 
smiled.

"Tenchi you're so easy to please." Tenchi shook his head.

"Oh, sorry I..." She ignored him and jumped in. What Tenchi saw next 
caught him completely off guard. The water seemed to affect the bikini 
it went from a solid color to transparent. "Wow! Where'd you get that 
one Ryoko?"

"Sasami gave it to me when we got here. She said it was perfect for 
surprises."

"She was right. You did this to tease me didn't you?" She nodded and 
went under. "I'm gonna get you Ryoko." He said in a playful manner when 
she came up.

"Oh no how horrible!" She said in her distressed and playful voice. 
Tenchi jumped in. He swam toward her and tried to grab her but she 
vanished. 

"Hey no fair." 

"All is fair in love and war my love. She said with a smile.

"Oh yeah. Guess I forgot." He said as he tried again but she did the 
same thing. "Ryoko quit teasing me."

"Aaaahhh. But you look so cute."

"Well it's getting on my nerves. I can see your butt I just can't get 
to 
it."

"Ooohhh. So that's what you're after. How's it feel to get a dose of 
your own medicine Tenchi?"

"It sucks now come here." He said jumping at her but she flew up.

"I'll tell you what I won't teleport any more, ok?" Tenchi smiled.

"Ok." Was all he said when he gave it another try. This time though he 
formed the Light Hawk Shield around Ryoko and walked slowly up to it.

"Ok you got me. Now let me out and claim my... Your prize." She said 
with a smile. Tenchi shook his head. "What? Why not?" He just smiled. 
"Oh! Now look who's teasing who."

"Turn about is foreplay my love." Ryoko just folded her arms.

"But since I have very little self-control right now I'll let you off 
easy. But you have to obey my every command."

"Oooohhh. Such a horrible punishment." She said in a distressed and 
playful voice. The shield disappeared and Ryoko fell into Tenchi's 
arms.

"That's better." He said as they just sat there holding and kissing 
each 
other for about an hour.      
  
     "Oooohhhhh! Those two! Always slipping out! I'm here breaking my 
back for them and they go off to Have some "FUN" outside the palace! 
I'm 
monitoring the whole place and Ryoko and Tenchi slip out! How did they 
get past? It's like the Mihoshi problem all over again! Wait! What's 
going on in the pool? Why is the temperature rising! UUHHHH!" Washu 
said 
activating the screen. You can guess what she saw. "I should've known. 
Ryoko and Tenchi failing to control themselves... Again." Suddenly an 
alarm went off. "What the hell? Oh my god! That's a high class A-1 
assassin. Crap! Those two are going to be the death of me... If that's 
even possible."

    Mean while Tenchi and Ryoko were going about their "Buisness" and 
having their way with each other. Suddenly the roof above the pool was 
destroyed and a man came hurdling straight at Ryoko.

"What the..." Ryoko said, as Tenchi pushed Ryoko out of the way and 
took 
a kick to the face.

"Hello Tenchi Masaki. I see you were the one who took out so many of my 
men. Well you will pay."

"I don't think you know my true potential, do you?" He said summoning 
the Light Hawk Wings. "Lets take this outside. Ryoko you stay here!"

"Yeah right! Last time I did that you got the crap beaten out of you!"

"Yeah well, there's only one guy this time. Besides I'll signal you if 
I 
need you." Ryoko was about to argue when she remembered what Washu had 
said to her. 

"All right." Tenchi looked surprised but just nodded and ran out the 
door after the assassin.

The battle started their skill was matched, their powers slightly 
different. The battle ensued and neither one seemed to be gaining 
ground. Tenchi, with the help of the Light Hawk Wings, was able to gain 
the upper hand. Ryoko felt this and was relieved. She sat there 
watching 
the battle from Tenchi's point of view. Suddenly mini-logs appeared 
around Ryoko. She knew these all to well they were the same that Ayeka 
could generate, and to make matters worse the only things that could 
easily contain Ryoko. They roared to life sending a wave of pain 
through 
her body.

"Aaaahhhhhhh!!!!" She screamed, which Tenchi not only felt, but heard 
which caused him to slip up and get jabbed in the arm. Two figures 
walked out of the pool area with something floating in between them, 
that something was Ryoko.

"NO! Ryoko!" Tenchi screamed, but she couldn't speak every move sent a 
shock through her body, and she was already in great pain. "Let her go! 
This is between you and me!" Tenchi said starting to glow a shade of 
red.

"On the contrary you both are a danger to us."

"What do you mean?"

"You two could destroy us given certain circumstances. So we will not 
let her go. We will keep her in here and she will slowly die." The man 
started laughing, this set Tenchi off he looked towards Ryoko and saw 
her look of pain. His eyes filled with tears and the Light Hawk Wings 
turned to a brilliant shade of red. Tenchi charged and lunged at his 
attacker taking him completely off guard and cutting him completely in 
half also making quick work of the other two. He approached Ryoko, 
still 
contained in the energy shield. Another electric charge was hurled at 
Tenchi, who was ready with the Light Hawk Wings. He grabbed Ryoko and 
the entire shock was being absorbed into him instead of Ryoko. Tenchi 
grimaced in pain.

"Tenchi no! Stay back!" Ryoko pleaded.

"Yeah... Right." He said through clenched teeth, as he pressed on. 
Tenchi was now pulling Ryoko from the hold of the shield. Suddenly a 
bolt of energy meant for Ryoko smashed right into Tenchi who managed to 
intervene. Then a voice Tenchi had not heard in six years.

"You shouldn't have intervened Lord Tenchi." Tenchi was shocked he 
looked up to see Ayeka with Azaka and Kamidake at her side.

"What? Ayeka what are you doing?!" Ayeka gave a smile of pure evil.

"To correct that mistake you made seven and a half years ago. By 
choosing Ryoko you made a grave mistake. She was playing with your 
mind, 
that I am sure of, and I am here to forgive you."

"Ayeka it wasn't like that. I've loved Ryoko ever since I first met 
her. 
Well maybe not the first time. Well never mind. Ayeka you have to get 
over this. I chose Ryoko and there's nothing you can do about it!"

"Yes there is. I can kill Ryoko and erase your memory. That's all there 
is to it.

"Ayeka you snot nosed little bi#$* you can't seem to ever leave us 
alone 
or accept the fact that Tenchi doesn't love but that he loves your 
greatest rival."

"Ryoko I don't care what you have to say you will be dead soon." Ayeka 
held up her hand and Azaka and Kamidake fired. Once again Tenchi 
intervened.

"Tenchi no! I could have taken that! Why did you intervene?" Tenchi 
just 
stood up without an answer and looked at Ayeka with complete hatred.

"Ayeka! I see you're serious about this. I didn't want it to come to 
this, but if Ryoko's life is in danger then I will kill you. Please 
don't make me do that." Tenchi said his hands now clutching the Light 
Hawk Sword.

"I'll have to take that chance Tenchi. Besides I know you would never 
kill me." 

"Ayeka don't push it. If Ryoko ends up getting hurt I'll kill you on 
the 
spot."

{Ryoko I knew my decision made an extreme impact on her, but I never 
thought it would push her to insanity.} Tenchi said through the link.

{I know Tenchi, but that's the price you pay. I just hope you think 
your 
decision was worth it.}

{Ryoko never even ask that kind of a question, when you already know 
the 
answer. I love you more than life itself and you know that.} He said, 
as 
he turned his attention to Ayeka, who had once again raised her hand. 

"Ayeka don't do it. You're not the Ayeka I once knew. She would never 
do 
such a thing!"

"Times change Tenchi." She said, as Azaka and Kamidake fired another 
blats. This caught Tenchi off guard. He never thought she would 
actually 
do it. Both blasts connected with Ryoko who screamed out in pain. "You 
get what you deserve you demon!" Tenchi was now enraged. 

     Washu had been monitoring the whole thing and was recording 
Tenchi's power. It was off the scales she had never seen such a power 
aside from Tokimi. This was amazing. Her equipment overloaded with the 
final reading unknown.

     Ayeka was now starting to doubt her assumption on Tenchi. With a 
flash off light Tenchi had sliced her clean through. 

"Tenchi you are skilled and your love is strong. I will tell you now 
that I am not the real Ayeka. She is in a deep sleep inside Azaka." She 
waved her hand and a very dazed Ayeka fell out of Azaka and the double 
disappeared. Tenchi was shocked but quickly told the now back to normal 
guardians to take care of Ayeka while he concentrated on Ryoko. They 
obeyed and went to the fallen princess.

"Ryoko... Ryoko are you all right? Come on wake up." Tenchi said gently 
rocking her in his arms. After a few minutes she started to come 
around.

"Huh? What? Oh Tenchi it's you. What happened to Ayeka?"

"It's a long story." He said bringing her head to his and giving her a 
deep and passionate kiss. Ayeka came around about this time and the 
first thing she saw was Tenchi and Ryoko locked in a kiss.

"The first thing I see, when I wake up are those to kissing! Well I 
guess it could've been worse I guess." She said rubbing her head. 
Tenchi 
and Ryoko both ignored her. When they finally separated Tenchi went to 
Ayeka and said he was glad to see her. "I am glad to see you to Lord 
Tenchi. Although I wish it would have been a different view than it 
was." 

"Sorry Ayeka." Tenchi said as he told her where her room was and had 
Azaka and Kamidake escort her to it seeing that she was still slightly 
dazed. Tenchi then went back to Ryoko who was still to weak to get up. 

"You know... Tenchi that I'll be getting the evil eye from her a lot." 
Ryoko said forcing a smile.

"Yeah, I know. Just ignore it, you have nothing to worry about." Ryoko 
smiled.

"Oww! Watch it Tenchi I'm sore!" 

"Oh sorry Ryoko I didn't mean..."

"Shut up." She said giving him a kiss. He picked her up in his arms and 
started walking to the palace. "Why is everyone out to ruin our 
wedding?" She asked sounding very flustered.

"You don't need to worry Ryoko."

"Well... All right."

"Ryoko... Ryoko... Ryoko where are you?" Came Sasami's voice.

"Oh I almost forgot I have to go with Sasami! I'll be right there." She 
called back.

"I don't think so Ryoko. Shouldn't you rest?"

"No I'm fine Tenchi. See ya." She said and disappeared. Tenchi stood 
there shaking his head.

"She's one in a million, that's for sure." With that he walked back 
inside.

"TEENNCCHHIII!!!!!! WHAT THE HELL DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING?! AND WHERE 
THE HELL'S RYOKO?!" Tenchi nearly jumped out of his skin.

"What's wrong Washu? And can you tone it down, please."

"WHAT'S WRONG?! WHAT THE HELL DO YOU THINK IS WRONG! YOU AND RYOKO 
SNEAKING OUT TO DO SOME FERTILIZING! THAT'S WHAT'S WRONG!" Tenchi 
turned 
red.

"Washu do you have this whole place bugged?"

"YES! FOR YOUR OWN GOOD!" 

"Sorry Washu I didn't mean to make you mad." Washu took a deep breath 
to 
calm down.

"Like hell you didn't." She said under her breath. "Sorry I yelled 
Tenchi but I don't want anything to happen to you and Ryoko."

"Washu, exactly why does Tokimi want to keep me from growing stronger?"

"Tenchi, long ago Tokimi, Tsunami, and myself had an argument. We were 
discussing how to rule the universe. Tokimi wanted to rule with 
absolute 
power. Tsunami wanted to rule with total peace and no free will. I 
wanted to rule as you see me now except only inventing beneficial 
things 
or using my powers for the good of the universe. Tsunami and I are the 
closest. We agree with each other fairly well. Tokimi, on the other 
hand 
completely disagrees with both of us and hates us. But Tsunami and I do 
disagree, this was one of our disagreements that we could not let fly 
by. So we made a tournament that we've been preparing for. We each have 
a champion. Ryoko is mine, Tsunami's is you, and Tokimi's is still 
unknown to both Tsunami and I. But Tenchi you must know that Tsunami 
has 
been manipulating you too. When she chose you as her champion she 
wanted 
you to fall in love with Sasami when she matured. She was trying to 
manipulate your feelings away from Ryoko. I admit at first so was I. I 
could not bear to control Ryoko because I do love her so I helped 
Tsunami and Tokimi but after a while I saw Ryoko's extreme love for you 
so I let you go your own way. Tenchi Tsunami misjudged your power, 
you're able to create your own destiny despite the interference of a 
goddess."

Tenchi gasped. "Wait, since Ryoko and I are the champions of two 
apposing forces, then wouldn't our marriage force the tournament to be 
canceled." Washu nodded. 

"Yes Tenchi. That's why Tsunami ordered the attack on Ryoko today. It 
was meant to gain back Tsunami's control over you. After Tokimi let go 
Tsunami became careless and let you slip from her grasp. Unfortunately 
my sister still underestimates human capabilities. You see Tenchi I'm 
the only goddess who can feel true love and understand its potential 
power. Tsunami can feel love but only in a sister type bond and that is 
toward Sasami. Tokimi can feel no love at all, which is her own fault 
living alone for so long."

"So my life is yet again constantly in chaos and there are two 
goddesses 
who want to keep Ryoko and I apart and this is all because of a stupid 
family argument between you and your sisters."

"I'm sorry Tenchi. I'm trying to cancel the tournament and let you and 
Ryoko lead your lives the way that will make both of you happy."

"And that's another thing Washu. Why are you the only one supporting 
us? 
It seems to me that you should be trying to break us up along with your 
sisters. Why are you the only hold out?"

"I guess there are just more important things, like my daughter's 
happiness. I've grown to truly love her, as my daughter and not just a 
pawn in a game. Besides I am Washu, the greatest scientific genius in 
the universe I can just make another champion."  

"Washu you're not going to still participate in the tournament are 
you?"

"I have to Tenchi. For the good of the universe if nothing else."

"I understand Washu. Then I would like to be your champion. You're the 
kindest one of you sisters. You can understand how we feel. So if it 
would be alright I would like to choose who I would like to fight for."

"No Tenchi I can't let you. Tsunami would never forgive me. That's not 
the main reason. The main reason is that Ryoko would be crushed if 
something were to happen to you and I don't want to hurt her."

"Washu nothing is going to happen to me. Besides Ryoko doesn't have to 
know."

"No Tenchi! I don't want you to keep anything from her. Remember 
despite 
her tough exterior she is actually very fragile. You are the only real 
person she knows she can trust and I don't want you getting in the 
habit 
of keeping things from her. Got it!"

"But Washu, Tsunami will still want me to fight. Either way I can't get 
out of it and if I have to fight I would like to fight for the right 
side."

"Tenchi... I'll consider it but please don't force me into a decision 
right now."

"All right Washu." 

"Thank you. Oh and Tenchi meet me out here in about three hours for 
training. We have to improve your skills for the tournament."

"What you're going to train me?"

"Well your grandfather and I."

"What? When did he get here?!" 

"Oh come on now Tenchi. You didn't think he'd miss your wedding did 
you? 
Washu said, then disappeared. Tenchi shook his head. "Like mother like 
daughter." He said as he walked in the palace for three hours of 
boredom. Tenchi was walking around surveying the castle and desperately 
wishing, that Ryoko were there, when he heard a voice from behind.

"You can't stand it when Ryoko's not here can you? Not being able to 
have any "Fun"."

"Gene! When did you get here?"

"Just a few minutes ago. Washu said that she suspected the only danger 
from Tokimi's fleet was on the wedding day, so she let me come back and 
made Jim 
stay there, which pissed off Sasami, but Jim could scan the area more 
accurately 
than me and Washu isn't going to take any chances."

"Oh. Hey shouldn't you be with Washu?"

"Nah, she said she had something to take care of."

"Yeah, I know how you feel Ryoko went to pick out a wedding dress and 
won't be back for a while."

"Yeah well when you have a wild ex-space pirate for a soon to be wife 
then you have to expect things like this."

"Same with you. Washu's my Prime Minister and "IF" and when I step down 
you'll be emperor and she'll be empress."

"Yeah but I'll still love her."

"That's one thing Ryoko will never have to worry about either." They 
both started to laugh and walked to the bar.

     Somewhere on Jurai Tsunami was silently cursing Washu and Tenchi. 
Now Tenchi had not only slipped out of her hold possibly forever but 
also had willingly chosen to be Washu's champion in Ryoko's place. 
Washu 
suddenly appeared behind Tsunami. Tsunami turned to face her sister. 
"Washu what are you trying to pull? You've now turned him against me."

"Tsunami he had a right to know the truth. Besides some things are more 
important to me now."

"Like your so called daughter. More like you creation your tool, 
nothing 
more!" 

"Tsunami she is my daughter! I don't care what your feelings are but 
never say anything like that again. I have also grown extremely fond of 
Tenchi and have no intension of letting him become my champion, but I 
also have no intention of allowing him to fight for you either. You 
barely are able to feel or give love, even to Sasami and that's the 
closest you'll ever get and you think I'm going to allow you to control 
Tenchi again. You're crazy Tsunami, and I'll do everything in my power 
to stop you. For Ryoko and Tenchi's happiness."

"Washu you may be the oldest of us and I the youngest, but you know 
that's against the rules. You remember the last time we fought. 
Millions 
of lives were lost and I'm sure you don't want a repeat of that now do 
you Washu?"

"Tsunami! You stubborn little... You're becoming more and more like 
Tokimi."

"Shut up Washu! You know I would never become like her!"

"Oh Tsunami you still have much to learn. I will not tolerate your 
interference any longer. I demand that you stop trying to manipulate 
Tenchi."

"You know I can't do that sister. Besides it's between Tokimi and I 
now." Washu was growing very angry.

"No Tsunami! I think it's between Tokimi and I! Tenchi is my champion 
now and of his own will."

"You wouldn't dare Wa..." Tsunami stopped when she noticed Washu was 
gone. "Washu this means you and I are now enemies. You will pay... I 
swear it!"

      Tenchi and Gene were talking and having a drink when Washu 
appeared in between them and grabbed a drink. "Washu! I've been looking 
all over for you! You've been gone for almost four hours! Where were 
you?" 

"Sorry Gene I forgot that the flow of time differs in different 
dimensions."

"Ok now I'm really concerned about where you've been!" Gene said with 
wide eyes.

"I was talking... Yelling at Tsunami about something."

"Washu what exactly were you talking about?"

"Why you Tenchi. You know you're the main concern of the three... Four 
most powerful beings in the universe."

"Four?" Tenchi asked with a puzzled look.

"Of course Tsunami, Tokimi, Myself, and Ryoko."

"Ryoko? You consider her one of the most powerful people?"

"Yep. Her gems conceal my power."

"WWHHHHHAAAATTTTT!!!! You mean she has your powers?! That seems pretty 
dangerous!"

"And what's that suppose to mean? Huh Tenchi." Washu asked.

"Yeah just what is that suppose to mean?" Came Ryoko's voice as she 
phased into Tenchi's arms.             

"Uhhhh... Nothing. It's just... Oh boy." Tenchi sighed.

"Oh boys right! You're going to have to make it up to me you know!"

"I do that anyway."

"Well then you also have to take me out to eat. How's that?"

"Better." Tenchi said as he started to carry her off to the palace. 

"Wait Tenchi!" Washu called after him.

"Wait what why?"

"Yeah what's the big deal now mom?" Ryoko said looking like she was 
really in a hurry.

"Tenchi I need to say one more thing to you."

"All right." He said with a sigh and put Ryoko down. "I'll be right 
back." He ran over to Washu. "What?"

"Tenchi I don't want you to leave Ryoko for one second. Do you 
understand? You are to be with her at all times. Got it?" Tenchi 
nodded.

"Yeah sure that's fine with me."

"Good! Oh and Ryoko" Washu called. Ryoko turned around.

"Yeah What is it?" 

"You'll have to cancel those plans Tenchi is going to be training all 
day. See ya! Now come on Tenchi." She said as she walked off and Tenchi 
unwillingly followed behind.

"What?! Wait that's not fair! Oh what's the use?" She said teleporting 
to the roof of the castle.

    "Tenchi, you have the Tenchi-ken with you right?"

"Yeah Washu. Why?"

"You'll need it." She said as they walked out of the palace and into a 
clearing.

"Wait won't I just be training with a bokken?"

"No." Was all Washu said when Yosho jumped out from behind the trees 
and 
let out and a battle cry. He had a green saber in his hands and was in 
his true young form.

    "D-3 Come here." Came Tokimi's booming voice. D-3 appeared and 
kneeled before his mistress.

"Yes Lady Tokimi?"

"D-3 I would like you to meet your new superior in this operation." 
Tokimi pointed toward a shadowy figure standing to the side.

"What... But how... You're dead Tenchi destroyed you." D-3 said with a 
look of utter horror on his face.

"Hah! That young boy only destroyed my much weaker energy form. This is 
my true body." The man said.

"Lady Tokimi why have I been replaced?"

"D-3 you have not been replaced. I merely granting this man revenge he 
is participating in this mission only."

"Well then let's see just what you're capable of... Kagato" Kagato 
started laughing.

"D-3 you are to purposely lose the battle so Kagato may step in and 
control Ryoko." 

"Yes Lady Tokimi." With that Kagato and D-3 disappeared.

    Meanwhile, Yosho was charging at Tenchi. "Hey wait real combat. 
Grandpa this is a little to much!" Tenchi said, but his grandfather did 
not yield. "OH CRAP!" Tenchi said as he whipped out the Tenchi-ken and 
activated it and barely blocked his grandfather's attack. Ryoko also 
felt a slight change in Tenchi's thought pattern. She looked through 
Tenchi's eyes.

"What! His grampa's much stronger than he his, and now much ounger 
looking it seems, and he's using a real weapon? Well Tenchi seems to be 
holding out ok, but that doesn't mean it will stay that way." She said 
teleporting to the scene and flying to Tenchi only to be caught by  
Washu. 

"Washu what the hell are you doing? I can't let Tenchi fight his 
grandpa 
with lethal weapons!" 

"Ryoko calm down. Tenchi's life becomes seriously endangered then I'll 
allow you to intervene but not right now."

"Washu why the hell do they have to fight with real weapons? Tenchi's 
grandfather's much better than Tenchi."

"I know. I want to see how well Tenchi fairs against the best swordsman 
in the galaxy when it's an actual life or death situation and against 
family member... And a loved one."

"No... Washu you're not expecting me to fight Tenchi are you?" Washu 
nodded her head at Ryoko's words. Tenchi overheard this and diverted 
his 
attention away from the battle.

"What? No way! I won't agree to that. WHOA!" Tenchi said as he managed 
to avoid being shish-kebabed. "Geez! grandpa, watch it!" 

"Tenchi do you think a real enemy is going to "watch it"?" Yosho said 
as 
he did an overhead swipe at Tenchi which he easily dodged.

"That's another thing. Go back to your old form it's kind of hard to 
call you grandpa and to know you're my grandpa when you look my age."

"That shouldn't be a concern Tenchi."

"It's like you're one of my old school friends or a potential friend at 
least." He said doing a horizontal slash, which Yosho dodged by jumping 
backwards. "I'm not going to be able to call you grandpa anymore... 
Yosho." Tenchi said with a smirk.

"Whatever suits you Tenchi." Yosho said, as they continued to battle. 
In 
the background there was an infuriated Ryoko being held, with much 
effort, by Washu.

"Come on lemme go. What's your problem Washu." Ryoko said breaking free 
of Washu's grasp.

"I didn't want to do this but oh well." Washu said summoning her holo-
top and typing in a few commands. Suddenly Ryoko flew smack dab into an 
energy field. She sat up and looked around and saw that she was encased 
in a cubed energy field.

"Damn you Washu!"  

   The next morning Tenchi woke up and went looking for Ryoko. As he 
passed Washu and Gene's room Washu walked out and yawned. Tenchi burst 
out laughing. "What's wrong Tenchi? What's so funny?" Tenchi laughed 
about a minute later then regained his normal composure. Gasping for 
air 
and trying his best not to start laughing again started to speak.

"Well, one I've never seen you before you get all cleaned up after a 
"Rough" night, and two those crab pajamas are ridiculous." Washu glared 
at him and Tenchi knew he'd made a big mistake. "Oh Crap!"

"That's putting it to simply Tenchi." She said as she raised a finger 
and Tenchi was levitated off the ground and hurled into a nearby wall.

"Ouch... Sorry about the pajama remark Washu... But you have to admit 
your hair looks pretty bad." He said starting to laugh once more.

"You don't know when to quit do you Tenchi?" Washu said as she hurled a 
rock at his head.

"Sorry... Now will you help me down?"

"No! I have to go fix my hair and change if I look that bad. Besides 
Ryoko will find you anyway you are linked you know. See ya." She said 
as 
she walked off leaving a bewildered and frustrated Tenchi pasted to the 
wall.

{Ryoko... OW my head... Ryoko are you there?}

{Hey sweetie finally up?}

{Yeah and with a rude awakening.}

{What happened?}


{Let me ask you this have you ever seen Washu before she gets cleaned 
up 
after a "Rough" night in her favorite pajamas?}

{No, why?}

{Well look at this.} Tenchi said as he sent her a mental image of Washu 
as he had just seen her. He could hear Ryoko laughing through the link 
uncontrollably. {Yeah. Funny I know. That's exactly what I did only to 
her face and now I'm pasted against a wall with a mark on my head from 
a 
rock.} Ryoko immediately stopped laughing.

{How'd she paste you against a wall?}

{Levitated me and hurled me into the wall. How else?}

{OOOOOOO!!!!! That Washu's gonna get it!}

{Ryoko calm down I'm used to having a concussion. Besides what I really 
want is some help.}

"Tenchi you can quit talking through the link now. I'm right here." 
Tenchi shifted his head as much as he could to see her.

"Oh right. Now can you help me up?"

"Well I don't know..."

"Ryoko!"

"All right." She said as she pried him loose from the wall.

"Thanks Ryoko. So what were you planning to do today?"

"Well I was going to have a party with Sasami, Mihoshi, Ashia, Sazuka, 
and Melfina."

"Is Washu not going?"

"I don't think so. Why Tenchi?"

"Ryoko I really don't think you should go. Washu told me to stay with 
you at all times, with all the weird things going on you could be 
attacked."

"Oh Tenchi." She said as she locked their lips in a kiss. "You worry 
about me to much. I'll be fine."

"Ryoko I really don't want you to go... For more reasons than one."

"Oh you're naughty aren't you Tenchi? Just relax I'll have two special 
forces officers with me a girl with goddess powers and the fact that I 
can take care of myself."

"But..." Was all he said when Ryoko put her finger on his lips. She 
started walking away down the hall swinging her hips in a way that 
Tenchi couldn't help but stare at, along with a few guards around. 
"What 
are you staring at?" Tenchi asked them as he cracked his knuckles.

"Oh nothing Lord Tenchi... Very sorry."

"Yeah well... You're dismissed." He said as he made a shewing motion 
with his hand.

"Yes my lord." 

"And quit calling me Lord."

"Yes my Lor... I mean Tenchi"

"That's better... Now leave me alone for a while."

     Back to Ryoko, who was floating through a hallway towards where 
Sasami was waiting. She saw Washu at the other end coming her way. "Hey 
Mom." She said flatly. Washu then grabbed Ryoko's dress just before she 
got out of reach. "Hey What's wrong Washu lemme go. 

"Where do you think you're going Ryoko?"

"Sasami and I are going out for my bacheloret party."

"I don't think so. You go right back to Tenchi. Speaking of Tenchi, why 
isn't he with you?"

" I told him it was only for the girls and I. He begged me not to go 
but 
it's ridiculous I'll have plenty of protection. Why do you ask?"

"Ryoko even with all that protection I don't think you'll be safe I 
have 
felt some disturbances much like what I felt when Kagato was around."

"That's impossible! Tenchi killed him. You're just trying to persuade 
me 
not to go."

"You make it sound like being with Tenchi's a bad thing."

" No! It's nothing like that I just don't want to hurt Sasami or the 
other girl's feelings." Ryoko said sounding hurt.

"Don't worry Ryoko I'll explain and I'm sure they'll understand. Now go 
to Tenchi."

"Yeah. All right. Man I'll be worn out by the end of today. See ya 
Washu."

"Why do you say th..." Washu immediately understood when she saw the 
devilish grin on her daughters face and smiled back. "And Ryoko."

"Yes?"

"Call me MOM!"

"Ugghh! You're impossible."

"I know." She said childishly as they both teleported away in unison.

     Meanwhile Tenchi was walking around the palace trying to keep 
himself occupied. "This place is incredibly boring. It's so big and 
there's still nothing to do." Tenchi said when Ryoko suddenly phased 
into his arms. "Ryoko! I thought you left. What are you doing back?"

"Washu said couldn't go with Sasami and made me come back to you." She 
said in a pitiful voice.

"And that's a bad thing?" Tenchi said as they locked in a kiss. When 
they separated she shook her head. 

"Not at all." She said as suddenly the sound of Tenchi's stomach 
growling rang out.

"Whoops I guess I was so bored I forgot to eat." 

"I was going to go out to eat with the other girls for my party. But 
since Washu won't let me I guess we'll just have to eat here."

"Well if you can get us out of here we can go to a Jurai restaurant and 
maybe some other places."

"You got it Tenchi dear." She said playfully as they both disappeared.

    "WHAT! They did it AGAIN! And this time they're completely outside 
the palace grounds! Ugghhh! And Ryoko says I'm impossible!" Washu 
yelled 
at no one in particular. "Well I guess I shouldn't worry. I know that 
Tsunami's just letting Tokimi take care of them so I don't need to 
worry 
about her and Tokimi's only going to attack on the wedding day I'm 
eighty percent sure of that and it's very unlikely that a regular 
assassination would be affective on either of the two. Might as well 
leave them to their fun. Even though they have an eternity to spend 
together. Now I need to plan for the wedding defenses." Wash said as 
her 
holo-computer appeared with Ashia's face on the screen." 

"Hey Washu what do you want?" She asked in her usual childlike voice.

"Hello Ashia. I need you down in my lab asap."

"Sure Washu. Why."

"For a special assignment from the prime minister that's why."

"Yes Ma'am!" Ashia said giving a salute.

"I didn't mean to be that serious Ashia. Geez at ease."

"Oh! Yeah right. See ya in a sec Washu."

"See ya." Washu said typing a few more commands in her holo-computer. 
Suddenly Sazuka's face appeared on the screen. 

"Oh Miss Washu."

"Just Washu Sazuka. Listen I need you down in my lab for a special 
assignment. Can you come?" (If you're wondering Ashia and Sazuka are 
not 
part of Gene's crew for this particular event.)

"For the prime minister? Of course." She said as her image disappeared.

"Now for Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki." She said typing on her holo-computer 
once again. Suddenly Ryo-Ohki's and Ken-Ohki's Image appeared on a 
split 
screen.

"Yeah what is it mom?" They both said in unison. (Washu had recently 
adopted Ken-Ohki. Also try to make up how they sound because I'm at a 
loss for words.)

"Hey you two. Meet me down in my lab asap for a special assignment."

"You don't need to say special assignment mom. We are linked you know." 
Ryo-Ohki said with a smile.

"You little scamp. I know this I'm the greatest scientific genius in 
the 
universe." Suddenly Washu's long absent robot dolls A and B one was 
bandaged. 

"Yeah she's a genius. Don't doubt her." Ryo-Ohki, Ken-Ohki, and Washu 
all fell over laughing.

"What? What's so funny?" Both A and B asked.

"I didn't think you two worked anymore and I really never had time to 
properly fix you." 

"It's ok Washu." They both said and went back into her hair.

"Well will you two come?"

"Sure mom." They both said and the screen went dark when Ashia and 
Sazuka entered.

"Hello Miss Washu." Sazuka said.

"Hey Washu." Ashia chimed.

"Hello now you probably know what "Assignment" I want you for, right?"

"I'm guessing it has something to do with your daughter's wedding."

"Yeah that's so exciting that Tenchi's getting married."

"That's right and I'm requesting YOU, not your soldiers, YOU I need the 
best for this."

"Sure Washu I'd be happy to kick some ass!" Ashia said in a tough 
voice.

"Yes Miss Washu I'd be glad to help you."

"Great Sasami and I will be joining you."

"What?" They both said.

"Never mind our other two guests have arrived." Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki 
entered the room. "Hey you two I need you up there with my Gene to keep 
him in line."

"Mom you act like we're five. Come on give us a little credit." Ken-
Ohki 
said sarcastically.

"Sorry. Now will you do it?"

"I don't have a problem with it. But I want Ryo-Ohki to stay here."

"Wait you're not going without me."

"Watch me. Besides you wanted to be here for the wedding didn't you?"

"Well yes but if you're going to be out fighting I want to be with 
you."

"Ryo-Ohki you're not going that's final!" Ryo-Ohki was about to protest 
when Washu put an arm on her shoulder.

"Don't worry Ryo-Ohki he'll be fine."

"Ooooohhhhhh! Ken-Ohki you're so stubborn."

"Yeah I know."

"Well then everything's set then Ken-Ohki get to Gene now. Ashia and 
Sazuka you'll be here during the wedding." Washu said pointing to a 
section of a 3-d schematic of the palace.

"Right Washu!" Ashia said running out.

"Yes Miss Washu." Sazuka said following Ashia.

Washu sent a message to Sasami telling her to be ready along with all 
the other details. Washu wasn't going to worry Tenchi or Ryoko any more 
and decided to just let them have today all to themselves or better yet 
to each other. She laughed at this last thought and disappeared.

     Meanwhile Ryoko and Tenchi were eating at the most expensive 
restaurant and getting the best service as well. They were talking (and 
kissing... Duh!) when Tenchi overheard someone talking about them.

"Wow look that's the space pirate Ryoko. She is gorgeous!"

"Yeah but I hear she's still evil and has managed to seduce emperor 
Tenchi into getting her what ever she wa... Mph... Mph." Was all the 
young man said when his friend covered his mouth. There stood Tenchi 
looking extremely pissed.

"Ehehe. Hey there Emperor Tenchi." 

"Shut up! Now! Whatever you've heard about Ryoko, other than she's 
extremely beautiful and kind, it's a lie. GOT IT!" While Tenchi was 
ranting and raving Ryoko was quietly sipping her drink like nothing 
unusual was going on, which technically there wasn't. When Tenchi was 
done yelling he immediately turned back to his normal mood. "Well now 
that that that's over..." Tenchi couldn't finish his sentence do to the 
fact Ryoko gave him a passionate kiss.

"Thank you Tenchi." She said with a smile.

"Anything for you Ryoko." He said and they went back to eating.

(The Day Of The Wedding!) 

Tenchi was in the grooms dressing room sweating buckets. "Hey dad do I 
look ok?"

"Son what's wrong with you? I've never seen you this nervous before."

"What's wrong with me! It's my wedding day! I think I have a right to 
be 
nervous. I'm getting married to the most beautiful woman whom I believe 
is to good for me and you're asking what's wrong with me!"

"Sheesh! Tenchi calm down it'll be fine trust me. It's the honeymoon 
you 
got to worry about." Noboyuki said with a grin while nudging Tenchi.

"DAD! You're not helping!" Tenchi yelled.

"He's right Noboyuki." Came Yosho's voice.

"Dad? Is that you?" Noboyuki said with a puzzled look. "You look 
younger 
than me."

"Don't worry Noboyuki your main concern should be Tenchi. Now I have to 
get ready." Yosho said as he took on his old form once again.

"Dad why are you taking on that old form for this?"

"Yeah grandpa? Why?"

"Well it makes me look more qualified." Yosho said scratching the back 
of his head. Noboyuki and Tenchi both did a face fault. They both 
regained their composure and Tenchi yet again became nervous. Just then 
a guard came in and said it was time start. Tenchi tried to run away 
but 
Noboyuki grabbed his shirt.

"Now, now Tenchi get up here and get it over with."

"Yeah you're right. Thanks dad." He said as they both followed the 
guard.

"The wedding began with nothing unusual happening. Ryoko started down 
the aisle she saw Tenchi and how nervous he was and giggled Tenchi 
turned red. Suddenly just before she arrived at Tenchi's side an 
explosion occurred and screens with Gene's face on them appeared 
everywhere. Washu immediately jumped out of her seat.

"Washu! The attack is much larger than we thought they attacked quickly 
and managed to slip ten heavy APCs (Armored Personnel Carriers) and 
there are now two Battle ships along with a huge fleet. Ken-Ohki and I 
are able to hold our own but we could the Jurai navy isn't faring as 
well we could use some help." Another explosion occurred this time in 
there area and a large troop of men wearing black battle garb rushed in 
with swords ignited.

"Sorry Gene but we've got problems of our own. Besides I have faith in 
you." She said giving the screen a kiss.

"You're the boss." He said and cut communication.

"Ok Sasami you ready?" Washu looked at Sasami who was already fighting 
with a blue beam saber much like Ryoko's and Washu's. "Guess so." She 
said forming her orange beam saber and impaling on of the attackers.

"Ryoko you should get out of here." Tenchi said as Ryoko flo0ated up.

"No Tenchi not this time those bastards are gonna pay." Ryoko said 
phasing out of her wedding Kimono and into her battle suit.

"Alright I won't stop you this time."

"Good boy." She said as she created her beam saber and phased away.

"Now how am I supposed to fight in this suit. Wait I know." Tenchi said 
summoning his Light Hawk Wings and creating his Light Hawk armor then 
dispelling the other wings and pulling out the Tenchi-Ken. Just as he 
ignited the blade someone charged at him. Tenchi easily separated his 
head from his shoulders. Tenchi started on another one who was female. 
Unknown to Tenchi one of her partners was slowly sneaking up behind 
him. 
Suddenly Tenchi saw him go flying over his head he turned around to see 
Ashia after he had dealt with the female attacker.

"Hey Tenchi Washu asked me to help... Tenchi watch out!" Ashia yelled 
as 
a man was about to cut Tenchi right down the middle when something 
flashed from behind him and cut him at the waist. Tenchi turned to see 
Sazuka.

"Wow Sazuka you too?"

"Yep." Was all she said when a battle cry rang out. Ashia turned around 
to see the attacker.

"Oh yeah gotta run you guys gotta teach these morons a lesson."

"Good ol Ashia." Tenchi said spinning around and smacking a man in the 
head then impaling him. Suddenly about five men rushed at Tenchi 
pushing 
him away from the main area and away from everyone else. When they had 
pushed him back some way they disappeared. "What the?" Tenchi said when 
D-3 appeared in front of him. "You what the hell do you want now D-3?" 
Tenchi yelled.

"You know the answer." He said charging at Tenchi. Tenchi deactivated 
the Tenchi-Ken and summoned six Light Hawk Wings also forming the Light 
Hawk sword. "So you think you can beat me this time boy." He said as he 
attacked.

     Ryoko was fighting better than ever due to the fact that she was 
royally pissed.(Well it would've been counted as royally if the wedding 
was able to go undisturbed.) "You guys are trying to take the only 
happiness I've ever had. I will be married to Tenchi. Love will 
prevail." She said with tears in her eyes. Suddenly Ryoko felt a 
searing 
pain in the back of her neck and her body stiffen. "What the hell is 
happening to me?" She said as she lost control of every part of her 
body 
but her mouth.

"Now, now my Little Ryoko." Came Kagato's sinister voice.

"What! No it's impossible! I saw Tenchi kill you." Her voice was 
trembling and sounded full of fear.

"That worthless boy. He destroyed my considerably weaker form."

"No You Bast..." She was cut off when she lost control of her voice and 
mouth.

"Don't worry Ryoko I won't hurt the boy... You will." Kagato started 
laughing in a menacing way.

Ryoko could only express the horror she felt by the look in her eyes. 
Kagato made Ryoko go towards Tenchi's area. She was fighting against 
his 
control but to no avail.

    Meanwhile D-3 was wearing Tenchi down when a voice spoke in his 
head. {D-3 enough Kagato is coming.}

{Yes my Lady.} He said through his mind. "Well Lord Tenchi I will leave 
you now." Was all he said then disappeared. Tenchi scratched the back 
of 
his head.

"Wonder why he gave up." Tenchi said slightly out of breath. He took 
one 
step and gasped and his face took on a look of utter horror. Their was 
Ryoko her eyes red and her sword out and Kagato hanging over her. 
"Kagato! But how? I killed you." Kagato smirked. 

"You killed my weaker form boy. Now I have a challenge for you. You 
must 
fight your beloved Ryoko."

"No you maniac. This is low even for scum like you." Tenchi spat. 
Kagato 
raised his arm and Ryoko screamed out in pain.

"Watch your tongue boy!" He yelled. Suddenly Tenchi heard Ryoko in his 
mind.

{Tenchi... Get out of here... Leave me.}

{No Ryoko. I could and would never do that. You can fight it.}

{No Tenchi he has power over the gems. Washu is probably under his 
control too.} Kagato then made Ryoko fight Tenchi. {Tenchi get out of 
here now I don't want to hurt you.} Ryoko said as she unwillingly 
attacked Tenchi.

{It wouldn't be you who hurt me it would be Kagato. Ryoko do you have 
any idea what or how he's controlling you.}

{All I know is if you distract him he won't be able to control me not 
without getting himself killed at least.} She thought as Ryoko gained 
enough control to avoid impaling Tenchi.

"Ryoko you stupid bitch. How dare you defy me." Kagato yelled as he 
sent 
a wave of energy, which made her scream mentally which carried over to 
Tenchi. 

"Kagato If you continue to harm I swear you'll pay!" Tenchi said 
clearly 
enraged.

"Hah and how do you plan to stop me?" Kagato said as he sent an even 
greater shock through Ryoko that even Tenchi could feel.

"Kagato!!" Tenchi said as he charged at Kagato but was stopped by a 
green force field.

"Ah, ah, aaahhh Tenchi. Kagato said sending another wave of pain 
through 
Ryoko.

"Kagato you piece of crap!" Tenchi said as he attempted to thrust the 
Light Hawk sword through the shield but to no avail.

"Tenchi you should know I wouldn't be so careless as to let you be able 
to break free. It's designed to counter your powers." He said as he 
summoned Ryoko to him and gave her control  of everything but her 
powers 
legs and arms. 

"Tenchi!" She screamed as soon as she gained control of her voice.

"Now Ryoko I gave you control of your voice only for the sake of 
hearing 
your screams of pain."

"You maniac!" She said and spit in his face.

"You bitch!" He said as he hit her in the face. He walked back to her 
and kicked her in the chest.

"Kagato stop this now." Tenchi yelled as the ground lurched from a 
nearby explosion. Kagato ignored him and continued attacking her. He 
then brought her head dangerously close to his. 

"I've been wanting this for a very long time my Ryoko."

"I'll never be yours Kagato." She spat. He ignored her and slowly 
brought her lips to his Ryoko tried to struggle but was unable but 
right 
before their lips met a bright flash covered the room. Their stood 
Tenchi with a red aura surrounding him and he looked pissed... Very 
pissed. 

"Kagato... I will kill you." Tenchi said as he charged.

    Washu... Washu get up... Washu what's wrong?" Came Sasami's worried 
voice shaking Washu who was clutching her head.

"Ka... Kagato." She slipped out through clenched teeth. 

"Washu watch out!" Sasami said forming a shield around Washu from an 
oncoming blast. Washu quickly regained her composure.

"Sorry Sasami. I'm alright now, thanks Sasami."

"No problem Washu." She said as they began fighting side by side.

"Washu we're having trouble up here." Gene's voice rang through the 
microphone in Washu's ear.

"Gene are you able to hold out a little longer?" 

"Of course Washu."

"I'll be there in a minute."

"What? Washu have you flipped? I'm in space." 

"I know. Just forget it I'll be right there."

"Whatever dear." Gene said cutting communication.

"Sasami I have to go." Washu said cutting off someone's leg.

" All right. See ya." Sasami said as Washu disappeared.

    Gene was fending off an unknown number of fighters and one 
battleship. Suddenly Washu appeared in space only she was huge. Jim 
looked up and down and down the giant Washu. "Wow that's a whole lotta 
woman." He said in utter awe.

"I completely agree." Gene said looking exactly like Jim. Washu heard 
this and picked up the Outlaw Star and looked through the window.

"And just what's that supposed to mean Gene dear?"

"Whhaaaahhhh!!!! Nothing Washu it's just that... well you know."

"Oh this is my true form." She said as a small ship ran into her and 
was 
destroyed.

"Wow Washu. That's awesome!" Jim exclaimed.

"Well let's go Gene. Don't just gawk at me. Although I'm flattered."

"Oh yeah... Right. Ok lets do it." He said as Washu let them go. Washu 
simply pointed her finger at the battleship and it was destroyed.

"Geez. Washu how come you're not that powerful all the time." Gene 
asked.

"Well I have to be in my true form and I won't exactly fit in the 
palace 
like this. Not to mention our room and I'm sure you don't want that."

"No, no, I don't." He said as Washu raised a finger to decimate the 
rest 
of the fleet. She shot a beam at the fleet but it was intercepted by an 
unknown force. Tokimi Tokimi's suddenly appeared.

"Haven't you interfered enough Washu?" Tokimi's voice boomed. 

"I should be asking you the same thing sister."

"Sister! You dare call me sister? You sure don't act like it Washu." 
Tokimi said but Washu wasn't listening she was communicating with 
Sasami. 

{Sasami I need you up here in your goddess form but don't tell Tsunami. 
Please Sasami I need your help it's Tokimi.}

{All right Washu.} Sasami said as she disappeared and re-appeared next 
to Washu Jim saw her and whistled.

"Wow that's what I'm talking about!" He said gawking at her.

"Not now Jim we've got a problem."

"Is there anything we can do to help?" Gene asked.

"Yeah is there?" Came Ken-Ohki's voice.

"Ken-Ohki where were you?" Washu boomed.

"Sorry mom but that other battleship needed to be taken cared of and it 
was unprotected."

"All right. No we don't need your help but the others at the palace do. 
Now get out of here."

"Washu are you sure?" 

"YES! Now GO! Before you get hurt."

"All right! We'll go!" 

"Geez Washu." Ken-Ohki said.

"Lets go Sasami."

"Right!" Was all she said.

"Oh and Washu I just wanted to inform you that Kagato has gone after 
Ryoko and Tenchi under my orders of course."

"You... I'll kill you Tokimi!"

"Same here!" Sasami said.

"Now is that any way to talk to your sister."

"Technically I'm not your sister." Sasami yelled.

"Yeah and I basically just don't care." Washu yelled.

"Yes well let's do this." Tokimi said charging up a blast.  

    Meanwhile Tenchi and Kagato were battling. There battle was so 
intense the castle was falling apart. They were both evenly matched and 
Ryoko could only watch to weak to get up. They were both out of breath 
and Kagato started to doubt his powers so he went to Tenchi's only 
weakness... Ryoko. He rushed at her and put his sword up to her neck. 
"Now Tenchi get rid of the Wings or I'll kill your precious Ryoko." He 
sneered. Tenchi did not comply nor did he advance but his power grew 
tremendously. His six Light Hawk Wings became twelve and they shown 
brighter then ever. They formed a pattern that left a hole right in the 
middle of their formation the hole started to glow red and formed an 
energy ball, which slowly grew larger and larger.

"I said I would kill you Kagato... And I meant it." He said as a small 
energy ball separated from the large one still developing and hitting 
Kagato in the hand causing him to dispel his sword. Meanwhile one of 
his 
wings split in two the clone going towards Ryoko and rapping around her 
and taking her safely away from Kagato. The energy ball Tenchi was 
forming stopped growing. "Now Kagato... You die." As he said these 
words 
the energy ball was released in a beam of light that engulfed Kagato 
but as it 
engulfed him a wave of dark energy washed over Tenchi which he just 
shook off 
and ignored as nothing dangerous. When the light dissipated Kagato was 
gone. 
Ryoko still lay cradled in 
the Light Hawk Wing which Tenchi dissipated and caught Ryoko in his 
arms. Her eyes fluttered open.

"Tenchi what happened? Don't tell me I kissed that piece of crap."

"No, I was able to prevent that."

"Well I still would feel a lot better if I brushed my teeth about ten 
times over just for cutting it so close."

"My you're feeling well all of a sudden maybe I should let you walk." 
He 
said with a smile.

"Ooooowwww... My head no Tenchi I'll feel terrible if I'm anywhere but 
in your arms."

"That's better." He said as he dispelled his armor.

    "It's done Washu... I have lost but this isn't the end I will not 
interfere with the boy's life any longer. Goodbye Washu... For now." 
She 
said with a sinister laugh.

"Phew! I'm glad that's over." Washu said whipping her forehead.

"Yeah me too."

"Sasami when I asked you to come help did Tsunami appose in any way?"

"She told me not to go but I've figured out a way to block her out when 
she acts 
weird. Why do you ask?"

"Well, Tsunami and I have had a recent disagreement and are kind of on 
each 
others bad list. Don't get me wrong in no way am I taking this out on 
you. 
Unless of course you blast me or something."

"You don't need to worry about that Washu."

"I know I just wanted to make sure. Well let's get back."

"Good idea I haven't been with Jim for a while and we need to spend 
some time 
"together"."

"You mean "together" in a literal sense don't you Sasami?" Washu said 
with an 
evil grin. Sasami just nodded and blushed. Jim and the Outlaw Star were 
listening to the whole thing and Jim had a satisfied grin on his face 
and was 
turning multiple shades of crimson when he noticed Gene snickering. 
Sasami being 
the equivalent to a god heard this and picked up the Outlaw Star.

"GENE! You don't want me to kick you at this size do you? Or better yet 
how 
about neuter?" Gene's expression suddenly went to a horrified one and 
he shook 
his head violently.

"Hell no! Please don't do that Sasami I'm sorry." He begged. He noticed 
Washu 
snickering in the background. "Oh and you think that's funny. You'll 
get it when 
we get home Washu!"

"Oh Gene you're being so forward. It's usually me who has to make a 
move." This 
shut Gene up immediately and he turned red. "That's better. Now, let's 
get back 
home." Everybody nodded in agreement and left towards the palace. When 
they 
arrived, they were greeted by Tenchi and a sleeping Ryoko cradled in 
his arms.

"Hey Washu you're back and you don't have a scratch on you."

"Of course Tenchi I'm a goddess remember?"

"Oh yeah I..." Tenchi stopped and started blinking and shaking his 
head.

"Tenchi I think you're the one who needs to be concerned. What's 
wrong?" Washu 
asked putting a hand close to him in case he fell.

"I... I don't know I just felt weak all of a sudden."

"Tenchi tell me when you fought Kagato did anything unusual happen?"

"Well when I killed him a wave of dark energy was released and it hit 
me but 
nothing looked physically wrong with me and I felt all right so I 
didn't thi..." 
Tenchi collapsed suddenly and Washu was able to catch Ryoko and Sasami 
suspended 
Tenchi in mid air before he hit the ground.

"CRAP! What else could go wrong? Get him to my lab ASAP!" Washu 
commanded as 
they all ran in that direction with Sasami and Washu in the lead. They 
rushed in 
and Washu summoned her holo-computer and then summoned to hovering 
beds. Sasami 
put Tenchi in one and Ashia put Ryoko in another. Washu started typing 
faster 
than human eyes could follow. A few charts appeared and Washu's 
expression was 
unreadable. Her expression quickly changed to a brighter one.

"It's not as bad as I thought it seems Kagato tried to turn Tenchi evil 
in a 
vain attempt to win in some way. Fortunately Tenchi was to pure of 
heart to be 
seriously affected but he'll be out for at least a day and pretty weak 
once he 
wakes up but I'm sure Ryoko will be able to cure him of that. If her 
sexy 
attitude doesn't her constant nagging will.

"I heard that mom." Ryoko said in a croaky voice.

"Oh I see you woke up."

(Yawwwwnnnn) "Yeah." She said and saw Tenchi and woke up immediately. 
"Hey 
what's wrong with Tenchi?" She asked in a worried tone.

"Don't worry he'll come to some time tomorrow but he'll be weak for a 
while. I'm 
sure you'll be able to cure him of that though." She said with a grin. 

"Of course." She said as Tenchi clutched his chest and grunted in pain.

"Oh... Yeah... That's another thing... He's in constant pain... Ehehe." 
Washu 
said nervously.

"What! Can't you do anything Washu?!" Ryoko yelled and grabbed Washu's 
caller 
and pulled her down to her own eye level. 

(Remember Washu's in her adult form. Just a reminder.) 

"Yeah well cut with reminders I'm in a bad mood can't you see you're 
the one who 
put me here.!" 

(Yeah well I'm also the one that gave you Tenchi.) 

"Oh just shut up! You knew I would've gotten him anyway if the series 
had gone 
on."

(I know that. This story is based on what I think should of happened or 
would 
have happened if the show had gone on. I mean come on you're a lot 
hotter than 
Ayeka and have a better attitude.)

"I'm flattered and of course you're right but don't get any ideas. Now 
shut up."

(Hey I'm the author and I just gave you a serious compliment and you 
treat me 
like this I have the power to decide what happens to you I've been 
generous 
towards you so far and beat the pride out of Ayeka for you.)

"Yeah and we're all very thankful for that but if you don't shut up I'm 
going to 
cut you in half. Got It?!"

(Got it.)

"Ok then where were we. Geez stupid author gets me totally off track." 
She said 
as she looks at Washu. "Oh yeah now I remember." Washu cringed. "So why 
the hell 
haven't you helped him yet?!"

"I'm sorry Ryoko there's just nothing I can do he'll be fine in one 
day."

"Ugghhh! YOU..." Ryoko said throwing Washu across the room.

"Owww! Geez watch it Ryoko." Washu said rubbing her head. Ryoko ignored 
her.

"What am I suppose to do without Tenchi for one day?" Ryoko said to 
herself.

(You could always come with me and we could have some fun. Ehehe.) 
KABOOM! Ryoko 
shot an energy ball at the author. (Owww! Crap that really hurt.)

"I don't care now leave me alone you're really becoming a pest. Now 
back to my 
problem what am I suppose to do? Hmmm... I think I'll go for a swim." 
She said 
phasing into her bathing suit. (Not the see through one.)

   Meanwhile Washu was now having problems of her own in the dimension 
known 
only to the three goddesses. "Tokimi you can't have the tournament in 
one year! 
My daughters getting married to my new champion and there's a chance he 
may 
die!"

"That's your problem Washu. I'm having the tournament in one year and 
you know 
you can't back out."

"Tokimi why must we do this? Can't we leave the universe alone and let 
it lead 
it's own path?"

"Because we have already intervened to much we can't just stop. Look 
how much 
the Jurians rely on Tsunami."

"As you said that's her problem."

"Washu I will not change my mind. Now leave!"

"All right Tokimi but you will lose."

"We'll see about that Washu." She said when Washu disappeared. Washu 
then 
appeared right in front of Ryoko scaring her half to death.

"Geez Washu don't do that!" 

"Ryoko I need to tell you something." Washu said as she started telling 
Ryoko 
the whole story. When she had finished Ryoko looked everything but 
happy.

"What?! No why does Tenchi have to fight? Washu why did you let him be 
your 
champion?"

"Ryoko I told you he wanted to fight for me. If I hadn't taken him as 
my 
champion he would have had to fight for Tsunami and her beliefs and he 
didn't 
want that. Ryoko I promise you'll have the year totally to yourselves."

"That's not enough I don't want Tenchi risking his neck anymore... for 
me or 
anyone else. Do you understand Washu?"

"I don't like this either Ryoko I tried to talk him out of it but he 
insisted."

"Well I don't want to ruin any of our time together before this thing 
so I won't 
worry him or make him feel guilty... Well maybe I will make him feel 
guilty. He 
"treats" me better when he thinks I feel betrayed or look pitiful."

"Oh, you're a bad girl, Ryoko."

"I know what's wrong with that?" 

"I never said there was anything wrong with that. Well I've gotta find 
Gene who 
knows what kind of trouble he's into."

"Speaking of trouble where are Sasami, Jim, Ryo-Ohki, and Ken-Ohki?" 
Washu just 
smiled that all telling all knowing smile and Ryoko got the picture. 
"Well See 
ya mom."

"Hey you two." Gene said coming down the hall with an ice pack in hand.

"Gene why do you have that ice pack."

"Sasami." Was all he said.

"Oh well I've been looking all over for you."

"Well you found me now lets go. Oh Ryoko I wanted to ask you 
something."

"Yeah what."

"Could you call me DAD?" Gene said as Ryoko fell to the floor.

"Oh god what is it with all of you? Don't tell me. Washu put you up to 
it." 
Washu just smiled innocently and said.

"Now why would I ever do that?"

"Yeah I knew it... Well whatever DAD!"

"Thank you Ryoko." He said with a smile.

"Yeah, yeah now will you all just leave?"

"All right Ryoko. Bye." Washu said holding on to Gene and disappearing. 
Sasami 
walked up to Ryoko looking in no way worn out.

"Have fun Sasami?"

"Yep." She said with a sigh.

"Where's Gene?" 

"He's to worn out to get up."

"Sasami you better be careful. Remember you're a goddess he's an almost 
normal 
person."

"Well that doesn't stop you and Washu."

"Yeah well it doesn't stop me is because Tenchi's everything. He's 
usually more 
worried about me. I don't know Washu's excuse, she probably has some 
invention 
to keep him going or something." They both laughed at the thought.

"Well maybe I better go see her then. No I'm kidding. Ryoko would you 
like a 
tour of Jurai?"

"Yeah I'm bored that sounds good lets go."

"Great I'll go get ready." She said running off.

     One hour later. 
Ryoko was standing outside when what looked like a floating car came 
up.

"Come on Ryoko get in."

"Wow! Nice car Sasami."

"Yeah well come on." She said as Ryoko stepped in and they went off.

     TEN HOURS LATER!

    Wow Sasami I didn't know that Jurai had so many things to do. The 
only time 
I was really here I was either blowing the place up or being with 
Tenchi in the 
palace. By the way what time is it?"

"About six A.M. earth time." 

"What! Man we were out for a long time. Jurai is big."

"Yeah." (Yawn) "I'm tired Ryoko I'll see ya."

"Yeah me to. I'll go sleep until Tenchi wakes up. I'm beat. Besides I 
want to make sure I'm the first thing Tenchi sees when he wakes up." 
She said with a smile as she disappeared.

      Twelve hours later.

     "Uggghhh. (Yawn) Man that was a good nap. Darn still two more 
hours till Tenchi wakes up."

"Well Ryoko I was wondering when you were going to wake up. It turns 
out that Tenchi woke up an hour ago and insists that we have the 
wedding tomorrow despite how tired he is."

"WHAT?! He's awake and you didn't come and get me!"

"Ryoko you needed rest. Now Tenchi is weak but, as I said he wants to 
have the wedding tomorrow. I'm trying to get something ready to 
immediately revitalize him, which shouldn't be to hard."

"Ok I really don't care I just want to see Tenchi." She said as she 
closed her eyes and concentrated on Tenchi's sight and thoughts. She 
saw where he was and immediately teleported into his arms.

"Well hello sleepy head." Tenchi said giving her a long passionate 
kiss.

"You're one to talk you were out for about twenty-two hours."

"Yeah well I was defending you cut me some slack."

"That reminds me. You were so brave Tenchi. You fought Kagato all by 
yourself just for me."

"Well I had to it's not like I'm going to let you fight."

"Why not? I'm a big girl." She said in a playful voice.

"I know but I just don't think you need to do those things you might 
get hurt." He said equally playful.

"That reminds what's all this about going to fight in some tournament 
as Washu's champions and not telling me?"

"Ryoko I'm sorry but I have to do this and I didn't want you to worry."

"So you wanted to wait and tell me when there's no going back."

"No... I mean... I'm sorry." He said hanging his head.

"It's all right Tenchi Washu told me exactly why and besides I can't 
stay mad at you." 

"Thank. Hey I've got to stretch my muscles a little, lets go for a 
swim."

"That sounds great."

"Yeah can we come?" Came Sasami's voice as she and Jim entered the 
room.

"Well I don't..." Tenchi started to say when Washu cut him off.

"Ah, ah, aaahh Tenchi. None of that today you're already worn out you 
don't need that much exhilaration. So I think Sasami and Jim should go 
with you it'll keep you from getting to "Worked up"."

"Can we come too?" Came Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki's voices.

"Wait you mean you guys swim. Wouldn't that be uncomfortable?"

"Tenchi I'm not a rabbit slash cat anymore even though I still adore 
carrots and my hair is shorter."

"Well I guess you're right. Lets go then." He said as they all headed 
towards the giant pool.

      "Wow this was a great idea Tenchi." Sasami said as she dove under 
water.

"I have to admit it's funny seeing Ryo-Ohki wet and swimming." Tenchi 
said with a laugh.

"Hey what's that suppose to mean Tenchi?" She said splashing him.

"Hey stop."

"What's Sasami doing under there?" Jim said just as he was pulled 
under. A minute later Sasami came up laughing followed by Jim who 
looked a little mad and embarrassed. Ryoko then joined Sasami in 
laughing little did she know Tenchi was slowly submerging along with 
Ken-Ohki who had the same idea.

"Ooohhh Jim you got taken down you need to pay more..." She was cut off 
by Tenchi pulling her under along with Ryo-Ohki pulled under by Ken-
Ohki. She came up moments later followed by Tenchi who she dunked 
immediately after he surfaced.

"Hey that's not a bad idea. Jim said approaching Sasami.

"Jim? Don't you dare." Jim paid no head and dunked her. Once everyone 
surfaced and caught there breath all hell broke loose in a splash and 
chase free for all. Washu appeared with Gene floating above the pool.

"Hey can we join?" Washu asked.

"Yeah come on in mom." Ryoko and Tenchi both said at the same time 
while pulling Washu and Gene into the water.

"Hey you both called me..." SPLASH. Washu was cut off after being 
pulled down and the splash slash chase free for all continued. The boys 
were chasing the girls while the girls ran or flew in some cases away.

"Hey you're just enjoying tormenting me aren't you Ryoko?" He said 
playfully as he tried to catch her once again.

"Yeah I agree with Tenchi on this." Jim said chasing Sasami. Ken-Ohki 
and Gene also agreed.

"So what's wrong with that?" They all said at once.

"Yeah well I'll get you Ryoko and I'll help the others. If you can use 
your powers then I guess I can too." Tenchi started to form a shield 
around Ryoko when she slipped out.

"Not this time Tenchi you're going to have to be faster."

"Come on I can barely use any part of my powers today."

"Oh Tenchi that reminds me. Here." Washu said as she opened a portal to 
sudo-space and pulled out a small vile with some orange liquid in it. 
"Drink it 
Tenchi." Tenchi complied and all his strength returned to him. "Now 
Tenchi that's only a temporary dose so don't overwork yourself until I 
can get a perfected version."

"All right Washu. At least I have enough strength to use my powers." 
Tenchi formed a shield around himself and hovered out of the water and 
formed one Light Hawk Wing, which blocked Ryoko's escape. He slowly 
moved toward her and she went through the shield and into his arms and 
he whispered. "I win."

"Yeah but it sure took you long enough." Ryoko replied.

"Hey Tenchi I thought you were going to help us." Gene said becoming 
impatient.

"I think I'll let you try a little longer. Maybe Washu will feel sorry 
for you and come down."

"No way Tenchi I love seeing Gene try so hard."

"Aww come on Washu."

"Maybe in a little while."

"Got ya!" Ken-Ohki said as he grabbed Ryo-Ohki around the waist. Jim 
was doing the worst. Sasami was the one to tease the longest and leave 
Jim hanging.

"Darn it Sasami will you please come down?"

"Nope."

"Uggghhh!"

"Geez Jim you think you would have a plan for something like this." 
Gene said trying his best to get Washu.

"I don't see you coming up with anything Gene."

"Yeah well... Oh just shut up." Washu smiled and did an "Accidental" 
fall right into Gene's arms.

"Oh come on Sasami you're the only hold out." Jim said extremely 
aggravated by now.

"Nope."

"Darn." Just as he said this the Light Hawk Shield formed around him 
and Tenchi guided it to Sasami who didn't have time to react.

"Hey no fair."

"All's fair in love and war." He said as he kissed Sasami and everyone 
else followed the example.

"Ryoko I forgot to tell you the wedding will be tomorrow." Tenchi said 
when he broke the kiss.

"I know Washu already told me. But I want to spend the honeymoon on 
earth I just feel that's the right place."

"Are you sure?" 

"Yes Tenchi I'm positive."

"So you'll be leaving after the wedding. Well I'll give the title of 
prime minister to Ayeka. I'd like to go home to. Being a prime minister 
keeps me from being able to research and invent."

"Wow Washu. Well do what you think is right Washu. Well I'm going to 
bed it's late and I'm beat." Tenchi said.

"Yeah see ya everybody." Ryoko said and they went to bed.

       The next day.

     Tenchi was just starting to wake up. "Man I slept well still a 
little tired though. Huh? Ryoko's not awake yet. Ah well I'll just stay 
here until she does." He said as he turned over and rapt his arms 
around her waist. She woke up immediately at the feel of his touch.

(Yawn) "I take it you slept well, Tenchi."

"Yep I'm still kind of tired though. Whatever Kagato did to me sure 
wore me out. Well it looks like today's the day."

"Yes Tenchi dear. It is. I've dreamt of this day for so long."

"I wish it could have been sooner I hate it that I made you wait so 
long."

"Will you stop apologizing for that? I told you to forget about that."

"Sorry Ryoko. Well we better be going."

"No. Lets stay here a little bit longer."

"Whatever you want Ryoko."

     Thirty minutes later.

     "Well here comes the bride to be. Are ya nervous Ryoko because 
this time nothing will interfere?" Washu said playfully to Ryoko. "And 
what about my son-in-law to be are you nervous?"

"I've never been so nervous in my life."

"Aww don't worry Tenchi you'll be fine." Noboyuki said as he walked in 
and slapped Tenchi on the back.

"Dad is that a chef's hat and apron you're wearing?" Giving his father 
a disturbed look.

"Oh... So it is... How'd that get there?" Tenchi just rolled his eyes 
and his father left.

"Uh Tenchi your dad fixed breakfast." A sweat drop appeared on 
everyone's head at Sasami's words. Breakfast passed normally except for 
the food and how most of them were used to Sasami's cooking. 

      Tenchi was sweating buckets again when he saw Ryoko walking down 
the isle. He managed to swallow the lump in his throat. Everything went 
as planned after all the "I do"'s were said Noboyuki broke down in 
tears along with Washu. Tears were also in Ryoko and Tenchi's eyes. 
(Duh...) Ryoko was now adjusting to being considered as empress of 
Jurai and being called Lady Ryoko. The wedding cake was HUGE Sasami, of 
course, made it.

      After the party was over everyone said goodbye to those who were 
not coming namely Ayeka. Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki decided to go back to 
earth for a while. Ryoko now had all her gems but wouldn't take them 
off the ring. Ryoko and Tenchi were going home in Funaho an the others 
had their own private ship as well and they started off but right 
before Ryoko and Tenchi boarded Washu came up whispered something in 
Ryoko's ear and then gave her something that made her smile. Tenchi 
didn't bother to ask he figured he'd find out that night. Tenchi 
boarded with Ryoko holding his arm. Washu waited until they were in 
before summoning her holo-computer and typing something that made 
Funaho glow for a few seconds.

"Hey Washu. What did you just do?" Gene asked.

"Just giving Ryoko her wedding present. Come on we better get going." 
She said with a smile as she grabbed Gene's arm and they boarded the 
ship.

"What do you mean "Giving her a wedding present"?" 

"Oh you'll see signs in about a month or two." Gene thought for a 
minute then caught on and smiled.

"Oh ok." He said when the hatch closed.

"Hey Sasami what did Washu mean?" Jim asked. Sasami smiled.

"As Washu said. You'll see. Now lets go." She said walking in their 
ship as Jim followed.

"Yeah we better go to Ryok-Ohki." Ken-Ohki said.

"Yeah I can't wait to get back to earth." She said as they both entered 
their ship. After everyone was ready the ships all launched and headed 
for earth.

Authors Note: Well I hoped you liked this chapter it took me forever to 
write so send comments or criticism to Bomberini@aol.com.

     

       












        

