	This is my first Tenchi Muyo fanfic and I wanted to make it a good one,
so please review this and tell me what you think.

Disclamer: I know that Tenchi and his friends are owned by Pioneer and
Starcraft is owned by Blizzard Entertainment.Don't sue me PLEASE !





	                 NO NEED FOR INTERSTELLAR WAR !


					Part 1 : The Aliens



	Warning klaxons flared all on the the Carrier Gantrithor.A tall alien
with lumpy skin and a crest for a forehead walked over to the console in
the bridge.

Tassadar: Shields out.......Weapons disabled........Engines at 15 %.

The Alien smashed down on the console with his clawed fist. It looked
around the Area for any sign of life.He soon saw a creature with a snake
like end and a crest similar to his only much larger.

Tassadar: Hydralisk !!

 The tall alien raised his hands to extend his Psionic laser blades. But
before he could act the creature was split into two different peices one
flying into the wall the other limp on the ground. Tassadar looked to
see an alien like him with gold-like armor.

Tassadar: Fenix !

Fenix: No time for reminising we have to land this ship !

Tassadar: Where can we land ?

Fenix: There is a small planet called.........EARTH !! 

Tassadar: Is there a particular destination ? 

The alien scrolled down on the controls.

Fenix: The is a group of Islands collectively known as Japan.

Tassadar: Alright, I will load the remaining troops into the Scouts
while you set the course.

*****************************************************************************
Meanwhile.......

	Tenchi awoke from his slumber with the edgy feeling he was being
watched.he looked around his room to see a cyan-haired woman in a blue
striped dress floating above him.

Ryoko:**in a sexy voice** Morning Tenchi !

Tenchi: Ryoko please leave I have to get ready to fix the roof !

Ryoko: I wont wont mind Tenchi.

	Tenchi hoped that Aeka would come to rescue him from the beuitiful
demon.Just then as if summoned from his sub-consciousness the door
slamed open.

Aeka:  Miss Ryoko How many times has Lord Tenchi told you not to come
into his room !?

Ryoko: I dont know what you mean , Tenchi wants me to be with him !

Aeka: He does not want a vile creature such as yourself near him!

Tenchi: Ladies please-

Aeka and Ryoko: SHUT UP !

Just when Tenchi thought things could not get any worse they did, when
an all but forgettable voice
ringed in his ears.

Misaki: Tenchi ! Good Morning !!

Tenchi: Good morning ! 

Misaki: I just wanted to say that breakfast was ready .

Tenchi knew what was coming and braced himself as Misaki slammed into
him with a bear hug. 

Aeka: MOTHER !

Ryoko: HEY YOU STOP IT !!

Misaki: Oh don't worry girls I will give him back !

Tenchi began to hope that another distraction would come his way. Right
then anything would have been O.k. .   Even Kagato or Kain would have
been welcome! All of a sudden a roar of engine screamed into the air.
All four looked outside to see a small group of gold plated T-shaped
ships and a round ship following suit.

Tenchi: What in the world !

Ryoko,Aeka, and Misaki: Wow !

The fighters crashed in a small area far off in the woods.

Tenchi: Is anyone outside ?

Misaki: Just Sasami and Funaho , they went for a walk after breakfast
was ready .

Tenchi didn't respond,he just grabbed his sword and went to the area,
Aeka and Ryoko followed closely.

*********************************************************************************

Tassadar and Fenix looked up from the wreakage.Fenix clutched his
stomach in pain, though he had no mouth his voice collar let out a yell
of pain.

Tassadar: Are you alright ?

Fenix: My body has been damaged. I dont think I will make to the next
day without treatment.

Tassadar: Dont worry I will get you to safety.

He scooped up his comrade over his shoulder and walked to the nearest
settlement.

********************************************************************************

Tenchi: Sasami !! Funaho !!

Funaho: Yes Tenchi ?

The young boy turned around to see The two standing behind him.

Tenchi: **relieved** Thank goodness your alright. There has been a crash
and it would be best to come inside.

Sasami: **gasps** Tenchi look !

The group sees an alien carrying another in his arm.He has no
mouth,lumpy skin, and red glowing eyes.

Tassadar: Please help me !

Tenchi: Who are you ?

The alien collapsases in front of them.

********************************************************************************

Washu: Azusa where is everybody ?

Azusa: I don't know.

Kiyone and Mihoshi came from downstairs. .

Kiyone: Hi everybody .

Mihoshi:** yawns** Good Morning.

All of a sudden Tenchi comes in with an Alien on his shoulder. Ryoko
comes in with a similar alien.

Washu: Tenchi where did you find them ???!!! Where could you find
Protoss way out here !?

Tenchi: **suprised** you know what these things are ?!

Washu: Yes , bring them to my lab they are injured.

Ryoko and Tenchi carry the two into Washu's inter-dimensional lab. Washu
directs them to tables and
they set them down.

Ryoko: Whew those guys are heavy !

Tenchi: You are telling me !

Washu begins to treate the aliens.

Washu: Tenchi , you better go back they are in critical condition.

Tenchi nods and goes upstairs along with Ryoko.

**********************************************************************************

Kiyone: What were those things Tenchi?

Tenchi: I dunno but Washu does.

Washu: Hi guys !

All ( except Washu ): Ahhhhhhhh !!

Washu: Did I scare you ?

Aeka: YES YOU DID !

Washu: Don't get bent out of shape.

Kiyone: How those two ummm..What did you call them ?

Washu: Protoss .

Kiyone: Yes, how are they doing ?

Washu: Ask them yourself.

As if on que both aliens walk into the living room completely healed.

Tenchi: Wow that was quick !

Tassadar: En Taro Adun ! I am a High Templar of Akilae Tribe.

Fenix: I am a Templar of Akilae Tribe as well .

Azusa: Does this mean you are royalty ?

Fenix: **chuckles** No far from it we are warriors of Aiur !

Mihoshi: Do you mean THE planet Aiur !!

Tassadar: Yes.

Mihoshi: That means that you must own a couple of Khydarin Crystals !

Fenix: Yes but if you think we will give them to you are gravely
mistaken.

Mihoshi slumps in defeat.

Kiyone: Wait a second , explain this from the beginning.

Fenix: Alright !

Two hours later.

Fenix: And thats what happened.

Mihoshi: Could you explain that again.

All (even the two Protoss):NO !!!!

**********************************************************************************

After the explanation

Everyone is at the table getting ready for dinner.

Sasami: I hope you like your dinner !

Tassadar:Ummm....What do we do ?

Tenchi: Simple you just put it in your ...Oops

Suddenly everyone noticed they had no mouths.

Fenix: We only absorb water in pools for nourishment. That is how we
"eat" .

Tenchi: Well why don't you go to the baths ?

Kiyone: Dont I will show you where they are .

Tassadar: Thank you.

After directing them to the baths Kiyone returns to finish her food.

Washu: So how was it.

Kiyone:** dazed/dripping wet** Umm. Intresting .

Wasshu:They went wild didn't they ?

Kiyone: Uh huh !

Washu: Read up in your guide aliens and other life forms datapad.Then
you'll understand.

Kiyone:All right .

*********************************************************************************

Sasami: Mommy can I go out for a walk ?

Misaki: All right swettumz.Be careful.

Sasami begins to walk in the forest.It was pitch black and ,here wasn't
much to see so she decided to go back inside.That was until she heard a
rustling in the bushes.

Sasami:Ryo-ohki ?

She looks a little closer until she hears a small hiss behind her.She
turns around.

Sasami:AAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!

In front of her is brown insectiod like alein with numerous claws and
full toothed mouth.It was smaller than her but still looked dangerous.

It suddenly charged at her in rage.

Sasami: Someone help !!






                             To be continued !!!!!!

	Well this is my first fanfic and I hope you liked it. please E-mail me
at pokedave@bellsouth.net to tell me what you think.
