
Warning: The characters of this story are not mine, exept for mines. So 
don't soe me.... well this is a Ah Megamisama/Oh my Goddess, Tenchi Muyo 
and Crazy corp/S.O.M.V.G.A.M.P. Corp. cross-over.

----------------------------------------------

Oh My OThni Muyo
(Oh No need for My OThni)


Scene: It was a lovely morning on the S.O.M.V.G.A.M.P. Corp. And 
everyone was starting to do what everyone always do.

Othnielys: COME BACK!!!! {the younger sister of the Martinez clan was 
pursuiting her older brother by a case of cookie stealing.} COME BACK 
WITH MY COOKIE OTHNI!!!!

OThni: jajajajajaja! No if you don't get me!

Othnielys: WHY YOU!!!!!!

{Both passed running in front of Elizabeth who was serving the 
breakfast.}

Elizabeth: Don't run to fast you two, you can get hurt. ^_^ {she smiled 
with her lovely smile.}

Josue: Oh great... can we have a quiet breakfast for once for kami's 
sake!?

Elizabeth: Oh come on, they just playing ^_^

Josue: Yeah right... _

<CRASH>

Elizabeth: Oh my.... well I just call Washu...

Andrea: GOOOOOD MORNING EVERYBODY!! WHAAAAZZZAAAAAAPPPP!!!!!!

All: WHAAAZAAAAAPPPP!!!!!

Jobi: Just in time for breakfast, oh cool is my favorite!

{and all the corp clan sat down for breakfast.}

Andrea: Have you guys seen Id lately?

Jonathan: Last time I saw him, he was training...

Andrea: No wonder.... v_v

May-Lin: Othni-sama, open up... let May-Lin feed you.

OThni: Sheesh thanks.... aaaa {open his mouth.}

Kid: mmmmrrrrrrrr, back off you Hussy! I will feed him!

May-Lin: May-Ling feed Othni-sama, no blondy girl! Othni-sama will 
marrie May-Lin!

Kid: In your dreams you brainless bimbo!

May-Lin: Who calling bimbo!

Kid: You bimbo!!!

Both: GRRRR {sparks in their eyes.}

Albert: here we go again......

OThni: Girls please calm down!!!

Lehiry M.: Please calm down before you hurt someone!

<bang> {gun shot and silence}

Izum: {with his 9mm and smoke coming out it's cannon} Ok... now shut up, 
sit down and resume eating you food... I'm tyred of your crap every 
morning...

Kid and May-Lin: Yes sir! {they do what it's told.}

Veronica: Have you guys seen Washu this morning? She hasn't come for 
breakfast.

Richard: You know her.... neither I seen Eric.

Voice: Have you guys talking about me? {everyone turn.}

All: Washu-chan! {washu was there with Eric holding some paper work.}

Washu: Eric, call David and give him these plans for our corp.

Eric: right.. {he goes away.}

Washu: I have something to show you guys... is my latest invention!!! 
*^^* {everyone put a scared face.}

May-Lin: Not her crazy machines again! May-Lin got nightmares last time!

Washu: Come on... hurry!!!!

Everyone followed Washu to her dimentional labs that connect to the 
Martinez's house and the Masaki's house. They enter the lab to a place 
that Washu guided. Inside was a large machine with an eye-type camara 
with cables on it.

All: wow....

Washu: This is my dimentional world maker.... it makes a world dimention 
the type the person want it. I tryed last time with Tenchi and it's crue 
but they made a mess of it. I repared it, and I'll try it with you guys.

May-Lin: World.... 

Kid: Maker?

May-Lin: [tee hee heee... May-Lin will use Washu's machine to make a 
world for May-Lin and OThni-sama....]

Kid: [wow... with this machine, I can make the perfect world I always 
wanted!]

Izum: [A world with guns and mercenary] {grins evily} (scary is in it?)

Elizabeth: [how cute] ^_^

OThni: [Wow!!! Food land!!!]

Josue: [The samurai style!!!]

Othnielys: [I'm gonna be an actriss.]

{and the rest, well ya know.}

Washu: {turnning back seen the faces of all} Oh no... oh nonono don't 
ever think about it.... I saw the same looks in Ryoko and Ayeka.... and 
the answer is no! This is a very delicate teknology!

OThni: But washu, just once yes?

Washu: I SAID NO!!!!

all: ow crap.....

{later}

Change scene: It was late at nigh, the crew made their chores and now 
was another night. But there soem people that wasn't going to sleep 
soon. It was Washu's lab, and some one enter the lab.

May-Lin: May-Lin will make her world... May-Lin will live with OThni 
sama... How I turn on this thing?

Kid: Oh no you don't, it will be me who will make the world...

May-Lin: Out of the way blondy!!!

Kid: No!

Veronica: {in the keyboard} Oh my, I wonder how this work.. {start 
typing.}

Kid and May-Lin: HEY!!!!!

Veronica: What?

Andrea: jejjee, I'll make a world with only Id and I.. {she appears and 
start typing}

Kid: Not you too, I got first!!

May-Lin: Did not!

Jobi: Yeah! A world that all the girls in the world goes after me!

OThni: Food Land!!!

{they still apears and type their world and start fighting over the 
machine. Then Washu enter and turn on the lights and everyone got 
froozen.}

Washu: aha! I knew it... one experiense makes me learn that not trust 
teenagers..... Now get out of my machine before you buster it!

All: Yes Washu-chan....

{Then Keni-ohki appears mauying and flew toward the keyboard. He was 
looking for his master, Othnielys and didn't saw a button that said 
"Goddess world" and land on it. The machine start and make sparks and 
stuff.}

Washu: Oh no!!!! crap!!!! GET OUT OF HERE NOW!!!!!

Keni: Myaaa!!!

The machine open a purple hole and a furious wind like vacuum start to 
absorve them. But for bad luck and good, the ones that were absorver 
where... OThni, Othnielys, Josue, Veronica, Andrea, Kid, May-Lin, Lehiry 
Mary, Keni-ohki and Jobi. Then the hole closed up.

Washu: Oh my god!!!

Elizabeth: Oh my....

Izum: Washu! Can you do something to take them back???

Washu: I'll try by finding the dimention they are........ and delete 
it.....

Comertial cut.

{Othni and his gang appears one by one, and then in flash they stop 
showing the dimentional machine in the background and the letters 
"S.O.M.V.G.A.M.P. Corp. appears.}

Coming back in a sec.

Comertial: Love feelings are not for players...
[Mini-goddess, S.O.M.V.G.A.M.P. Corp.]

It was a nice day in the Kawayan temple... but it looks like someone is 
not happy. {sees Keni-ohki starting toward the warm sun.}

Keni: Oh... if I could find that special person that I love....

Voice: ta taaaaa!!! No problem... {Urd appears in his back.}

Keni: Who the heck are you....

Urd: I'm Urd, godess of love and fortune teller!!! {she grabs him and 
shows a table with a crystal ball.} Now I'm going to show you who will 
be you true love....

Keni: {the cabbit look at her with a funny face.} You're kidding me 
right......

Urd: Of course not my friend!!! Here.. look at the crystal ball.....

Keni: Is an ordinary fake-pearl of an earring........ _

Urd: eeehhhhh.... ^_^U oh come on, don't look at the minnor details.... 
ok, now tell me what is the type of girl you like....

Keni: Oh well... I like the type of girl who burn my soul with heat of 
fire.... and warm me with her kindness arms!

Urd: Good choice..... {took out some card with a heart in the back} ok, 
let see what the card says.... kyaaa!!!! {shows the card that says 
"Lighter"}

Keni: Uh? {a lighter appears tide to his back.} what tha! {turns on 
fire} WHA WHA WHA WHA WHAAAAAA!!! 0_0 {runs everywhere.}

Urd: Oops..... ^_^u

{later, Keni-ohki sat in the same place as before, but this time half 
bruned.}

Keni: That chucjehndhe woman.... how could sh... {interrumpted.}

Urd: {appears on his back.} HELLOOOO!!!! Welcome back! {grabs him and 
sits him in the chare.}

Keni: How I came back if I was always here!!!!!!! >:L And you said that 
will be my love and you gave me a lighter, what kind of fortune teller 
are you!!!! {he said almost yeling at her.}

Urd: Oh come on come on.. I told you to don't look to the minnor 
details... but this time I will give you the real thing.... {starts 
shaking her card.} Are you going to pick the same kind of girl?

Keni: No I change my mind.... I want not the kind of girl who is sweet 
as candy, very sticky at me and always seeting my life....

Urd: ok!!! here I come... {shakes her card and put on the table the ones 
who said "Honey"} Whala... you love is Honey.... {grabs him over her 
arms and walks to a honey botter.}

Keni: Hey, but but WAIT!!! <splash> glu glu glu {tring to swim.}

Urd: Is sticky and sweet and perfect for you!

Keni: {grabs the top} ARE YOU KIDDING!!! YOU ONLY HAD MAKES SILLY 
CONCLUTIONS!!!!

Urd: WHAT DID YOU SAID!!!??? Ok this time I'll gave you the real 
thing!!!

Keni: I knew you only was making fun of me T_T {sinks in the bottle.}

{Later, they where again in the table.}

Urd: Ok, be prepared, this time is the real one.... are you still follow 
the same?

Keni: No... I'll change it... this time I want a girl who is stong, have 
a great health, good eyes visions and want the good for me and take care 
of me.

Urd: ok {appears infront of his face.} But you have to take this one and 
make it your true love of fate, got it? {the cabbit nodded.} Ok.... 
{shakes the cards and prepare.} /YO SOY.... LA JEFA AQUIIIII!!!!!!/ 
WHALA!!!! {throws the card on the air, and 4 falls standing in the 
table. The card had the name of "Carrot" on it.}

Change scene: We can see a church, Urd dressed as a prist and the cabbit 
and the carrot dressed in marriage.}

Urd: I Urd, one of the three goddes who governs time, send by kami to 
unit this two people for an eternal marriage.... {Keni has a dumb 
expresion on his face.}

Then change scene seen both in the out side, keni with the same 
expresion of dumb, and Urd, Belldandy and Skuld throwing rise at them.

Change scene: Just married hotel (actualy a doll house), Mr. and Ms Ohki 
where sitting on a table starting at each other.

Keni: What a disgreace... what this... Ms Ohki neither she move herself 
or talk... {making angry moves} what a miserable I am!!

Urd: Hello!! {appears again} what it the problem this time?

Keni: {broke in tears} ALL IS WRONG, SHE DOESN'T EVEN SAY HELLO OR 
MOVE!!!!!!	

Urd: ohhh I can fix that! {shask her fingers and suddenly a pair of legs 
and arms appeared on the carrot and move to serve t‚.}

Ms Ohki: Honey, T‚ is ready!

Keni: {yeld in tears again} THAT'S NOT WORKING!!!! And why are you 
making Ms Ohki's voice anyway!

Urd: {in a microfone} Uh? ^_^u You could tell it was me? Oh jejejeje 
{Keni-ohki face fault.}

Keni: {put his head down and play with his fingers in a shy way} 
Anyway... if there some one to makes her voice.. I wish it was 
Belldandy....

Belldandy: {appearing in camera.} Hello! Someone call????

Keni: BELLDANDY!!!!!!!! {runs to her and hugs her blushing} Oh I'm so 
happy to see you here...

Urd: grrr... {runs toward both, grabs Keni, and drags him on the table, 
and yeld in big head to Belldandy} HEY DON'T INTERRUPT, CAN'T YOU SEE 
THEY ARE IN THEIR HONEY MOON!!!

Bell: Oh.... I'm sorry... well, have a good time you two! {waves and 
goes away.}

{Later, Keni was reading a newspaper.}

Ms Ohki: Honey your bath is ready! <paf> {Keni face fault again.}

Keni: {broke in tears and yields} WHAY ARE YOU STILL MAKING HER 
VOICE!!!!

Urd: You discovered again???

Keni: Is obvious.... _

Urd: Oh really... ^_^U

Keni: {in a shy way and blushing, he start playing with his fingers} I 
want to Ms Ohki to speack for herself and act for herself....

Urd: Aahh.. so your starting to fall for her... ah? {he nodded.} Ok... 
<stap> Presto!

{scene change with both of them in the table. Then Ms Ohki (the carrot) 
blush.}

Ms Ohki: Excuse me... but.. I already promised my heart to some one 
else....

Keni: WHAT!!!!!!!!!

{in the cut cenes, a big big potato appears ins cene.}

Ms. Ohki: I really love Hunky Potato.... sorry bye bye!! {she runs away 
with a big potato in her arms, leaving a shock cabbit behind.}

Urd: {in a microfone} So that is how ends this romantic epic, with a 
very really happy ending....

Keni: {appears on scene in broken tears and yieling} HOW CAN THIS BE A 
HAPPY ENDING!!!!!!!!!??????

The end

{Othni appears spining and umbrella meanwhile Skuld throws some balls on 
it, then the umbrela fals while she laught to death. Then in flash the 
scene change showing the face of everyone and the diimentional machine 
in background at the sale time the inicials of "S.O.M.V.G.A.M.P. Corp."}

back to our show...

-----------------------------------------


Scene: Opens scene in a Collage school. We can see the students running 
and walking and talking, every thing collage students do. But then the 
camara goes to a young boy who was walking with some books, dressing in 
blue jeans and a white sweat shirt. He walked until he arrive to a 
little house that had a title of "The motor cross race club." He enter 
and was greeted by other people.

Guy: Hey Othni, ready for the race in two days?

OThni: Ready as always... {a young girl appears to his side.}

Othnielys: I'll like to see how the new bike wins brother....

OThni: You bet sist.... well got to do my homework... {he walk away.}

Girl with glases: Oh Poor OThni.. so  miserable...

Guy: Yeah... he only needs to find a nice girlfriend.....

Othnielys: shut up.... Onisan is good at it is....

Guy: Yeah whatever....

Change scene: in a room. OThni was in a table and it was getting late.

OThni: Gundam it.... I have to finish this before 9.... or I'll be in 
trouble with Ramuro sensei..... man... what a bad luck I have... 
<grouldg> {his stomach growls.} Oh man.. I'm so hungry.,.... better take 
a break and eat... I'll call dominos pizza.... {takes the phone and 
dial. The phone rang and some one take it.} Moshi Moshi.. Is this 
dominos pizza? {a girl voice appears.}

Girl voice: Moshi Moshi... this is the goddess enterprice company... 
I'll atent you shortly... just wait...

OThni: uh? Hey wait a minut! {but the phone was hanged, and then a 
bright light appear on a mirrow.} What tha!!!!

From the mirrow, came a girl arround Othni age, with shinny golden blond 
hair and a white and red dress like royalty.

OThni:... uh... o_O

Girl: Hello... let me intoduse myself... hi I'm Hikaru Zeal.... I'm a 
first class goddess with an unlimited license. I'm here to grant you a 
wish, but only one wish....

OThni:... you're.... you're kidding me right?

Hikaru: uh? {confuse face, but later change into a kind smile.} No... is 
true...

OThni: Uh.. yeah right.... [This is just a joke that my friends are 
making to me.... because I can't get a girl... ja ja very funny....]

Hikaru: No Martinez-san... this is not a joke...

OThni: What tha heck... ok.. I had it.. where is the camara.. {looking 
to every place} where are the ones responsable for this... I know this 
show.. is the ones that take for fools the people right?

Hikaru: I don't know what are you talking about....

OThni: Ok ok ok.... yeah.. I believe... ok if this is real.. then I wish 
that a young and beutiful girl like you stay with me and by my side 
forever.... {The girl gasp and took a step back in shock.} JA!!! see, 
this is just a joke... uh? what tha heck!!

A simbol appears on her forehead and shines in a bright light meanwhile 
she levitates in the air, then everything stop and she look at him.

OThni: What was all that about?

Hikaru: Your wish is garanted.... the Yggdrazil permited it and I have 
to remain here as you asked....

OThni: WHAT!!!!!! But but but.... then it was real real real!!!!???? 
{she nodded.}.... Oh crap......

Hikaru: This is an interesting place.... where are we?

OThni: The Furinhan Collage........

Hikaru: Oh, a place for learning... I'll like to see it....

OThni:... ok... but first you need to change outfit..... if people sees 
you at that it would be panic, and another thing worst.. if the 
preseptor sees you here.. I'M DEATH MEAT!!!

Hikaru: Is that bad? {he noddes} ok then.... I'll change.... Please turn 
arround.... {he did what it's told. A bright light came and then fade.} 
You can look now.

OThni was in shock, the beutiful goddes was now dressed in a red skirt 
with a white tank top and a red jacket. Her hair was tide in a braid 
with a red ribbon.

OThni: H-H-Hikaru-san?

Hikaru: Yes... but I preffer, if is not a problem, that you call me 
Kid... that is how my friends call me...

OThni: mmm.. ok.. Kid-san... well.... I need to find a place so you 
could stay.... I Have a house close up and.. {interupt by a voice.}

Voice: Hey OThni! 

OThni: Quick hide!!!! {she turns invicible.} wow.... {the door open, and 
it shows Tenshi on it,}

Tenshi: Hey, what are you doing here.. is time to you go back home... 
tomorrow we have to practice for the moto cross racing.

OThni: Roger that Tenshi-sempai! Arigato...

Tenshi: Uhm... I though you were speaking to someone.... but I don't see 
no one...

OThni: NONONONO!! I was just speaking to myself jejejejejejejej ^_^u

Tenshi: Uhm.... [It was two voices...] oh well... see you tomorow..... 
{goes away.}

OThni:... uf... that was a close call....

Kid: Can I come out?

OThni: Well...

Tenshi: {appears again} And another thing.... {Othni jumps and covers 
Kid with the closet door pushing her back.} Take up this mess you have 
here... and bring some new parts for the bikes tomorow ok?

OThni: Roger sir! {he said in army way and sweating. Tenshi look at him 
suspiciusly but then he went away. He wait 20 seconds and opened the 
closed showing an confuse Kid with socks and clothes all over her.} 
Uff... he is gone...

Kid:.... {blinks 9 times.}.......

OThni: Well, we have to go.... follow me....

Kid: Ok...

OThni grabs in uncounciese way her hand and pull her out the room. 
Looking arround so no one sees him, they arrive out side and walk 
arround showing her the place. But unoticed from them, there was some 
one watching them from a roof.... it was a girl dressed in a black and 
white outfit, her hair was orange red and some ribbons in her two 
ponytails that goes on top her sholders.

May-Lin: So here they are.... hehehehe.... I'll broke that compromise... 
hey.. wait a second... I can speak well the japanesse.. oh great!!!! I 
can speak well the japanese...

Writer: ahem.....

May-Lin:... oops... sorry... just got exited that's all... ^_^u...

Writer: Can we continue with the story?

May-Lin: Ok... ^_^... {looks at the scene} Jejeje... I May-Lin.. demmon 
of fisrt class will stop this future love..... Hikaru.. I'll make you 
suffer... JAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJA!!!!

To
Be
Continue...

--------------------------

Author's notes:

So Whasap? how is it? Well in case you are wondering... Kid and Hikaru 
are the same person yes.. But Hikaru is Kid's real and goddes name.. 
since she is the reencarnation of the goddes Hikaru one of Althena's 
daughters... the same goes for Lehiry Mary and Andrea... their goddess 
selves are Schala and Vegean... but you will find out the rest in the 
second part of "Oh My OThni Muyo" part two.... see ya n_n "V"
