!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!WARNING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

     WHOSOEVER READS THIS IS TO COMPLETELY DISREGARD THE PREVIOUS
WARNING. YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE, DON'T TRY TO HIDE IT. YOU REALLY
THOUGHT THAT THIS WAS GOING TO BE A LEMON FAN FIC, DIDN'T YOU?? YOU
SICK BASTERDS. UMMM. IT DOES CONTAIN SWEARING HOWEVER. NOT LIKE YOU
HAVEN'T HEARD STUFF LIKE THIS ON SOUTH PARK OR ANYTHING. 



At last the big day had come. Dave's birthday party!! But this wasn't
going to be any old boring party. Not with an anime simulator anyway.
In Dave's opinion, this was going the best party known to Otaku kind.
     Conveniently, the principal of the junior high had been fired
when he was found face-down in a pool of his own vomit with a
blood-alcohol level of .13 . Of course, the vice-principal took his
place, but after a meal at Mc.Heartattacks, well, you get the idea.
     All of this lead to one great thing: No school!! And because of
this, Dave could have his birthday party on his actual birthday-June
2nd . He had a night of anime, music, strobe-light induced seizures,
and, of course, the simulator!! 
     He had invited his five closest friends: Eric, T.J. Stacy,
Pimp-Ohki (a.k.a. big Eric), and Bill to enjoy the madness with him.
It was a little hard to persuade Dadyoshii, since it was an all
nighter and Stacy was going to be there, but some quick sucking up
made it so.      

CHAPTER 2:No Need For A Party!!

     "Konbanwa!" Dave greeted his first guest, Pimp-Ohki through the
door.
     "Tisk tisk." Pimp-Ohki said and hit Dave over the head with a
bokken that was previously draped over his shoulder. "Can't you even
greet your sensai with the proper respect that he deserves?"
     "Gomen" Dave rubbed his head. There was all ready a bruise
forming. "Pimp- DOKO, you got here earlier then I expected. I thought
that I told everyone that they shouldn't get here before 7. It's not
even 6 yet. I still have stuff to set up and."
     "SILENCE!" Eric cut him off. "You've been a slacker Dave. You're
already a week behind in your training. What do you have to say for
yourself??"
     "I'M THE SLACKER??!" Dave shouted at him exasperated. "You're 
the one that's been sleeping when you were supposed to be helping me
train!! Or did you forget??"
     Either Eric heard him and ignored Dave, or was just too proud to
answer. "Come. We must train."
     Knowing that it was useless to try to reason with Eric, Dave ran
downstairs to get his bokken. On the way up, he also got his c.d.
player and come c.d. s. 

**********************************************************************
                                   <MUSIC CUE: Ryo-Ohki's theme>

     When Dave got outside, Eric was already on the other side of the
yard, waiting for him. 
     Eric stood there as  the breeze kicked up a small cloud of dust
and made his hair sway a little.
     Sighing, Dave put his c.d. player on the picnic table and put
Tenchi Muyo OVA  Best c.d. in.
Then, he put track one on repeat. He then turned to face Eric and
leveled his bokken in front of him.
     Eric responded with a crooked Vegeta-esque smile. "SHI NI!!!!" He
shouted and ran toward Dave.
     "AHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!" They charged at one another, swords raised.
     They ran screaming toward  the center of the yard. Their swords
met with a *clang*. 
     "I see you've been training." Eric remarked as he attempted to
push Dave down by exerting force  onto their inter-locked  swords.
     Instead of answering, Dave grinned and pushed back.
     Eric began to sweat. Dave wasn't kidding around today. He seemed
to be stronger, too
     "I'm not gonna lose today." Dave thought as he gritted his teeth.
He had lost every other battle against sensai so far, and he didn't 
want this battle to end the same way. Not today. With an extra burst
of strength, adrenaline, and determination, he pushed Eric flat on his
ass.
     "Today I win sensai!" Dave proclaimed and brought his sword down
to Eric's throat.
     Eric sweated and gulped. "That's enough practice for today. . ."
     After he slung his bokken over his shoulder, Dave walked back to
the house, whistling Give A Reason <remix version>.  Of course, he
also grabbed his c.d. player on  the way in.
     In the middle of the yard, Eric was shaking his head in
disbelief. "How could have lost???" 

**********************************************************************
     
     "SUUUUGERRRRR!!!!!" Dave screamed in rapture as he downed his 3rd
glass of X-tra strong grape kool-aid. Now this was his way of
celebrating his first victory over his sensai!!!
     Once he had drunken 2 quarts of kool-aid, he happily went on his
marry way downstairs to finish the preparations.
     Still out of in the yard, Eric was crying and slamming his bokken
into the earth. "DAMN DAMN FUCKKKKKKK!!"

**********************************************************************

     Now on a kool-aid induced sugar high, Dave merrily frolicked
through his basement, spinning like a top.
"HEHEHEHEHEHEHHEHEHEHEHEHHEHEHEHEHEHHEHEHEHEHEHHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHHEHE
HEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHHEHEHEH.." he laughed as he ran into a door. "Oh
yeah. HEHEHEHEHEHEHEHHEHEHE. There's a door."
     He turned the knob and spun madly into the laundry room. "The
colors!!! The colors!!!" Dave spun into the middle of the room and
promptly fell asleep. [sugar highs will do that, if you didn't know.-
Sailor Jerpury]

**********************************************************************

     "Ohayo, Dave-Chan." A voice awakened him. He looked up to see a
teen-age Ryoko staring him in the face. "How did you sleep honey?
Daijobu?" Ryoko asked him.
     "I'm a little tired, that's all." He answered, and, as if to
prove his point, yawned. 
     "You should be. You sure did a lot last night." Ryoko ran her
hand through Dave's hair. "Ouch!" she exclaimed as she pricked her
finger. " I just wish that your hair wasn't so damn pointy."
     "Ugh. What did I do last night exactly??" Dave was obviously
still groggy.
     "Don't you remember??" Ryoko was genuinely confused. "How could
you forget? Last night, you and I," she paused, "MADE LOVE UNTIL I
TURNED BLUE IN THE FACE!!!!"
     Dave's right eye began to twitch.     
     "And you were wonderful!" She leaped up and hugged him around the
waist.
     The blankets fell of her, and Dave suddenly noticed that Ryoko
was quite naked. His nose began to bleed profusely. "Hey, stop
that!!!" He protested.
     "What's with this shy routine?" She looked up at him. "That's not
how you were acting last night."

**********************************************************************

     "Hey Dave, wake up!" The voice demanded. It wasn't quite as nice
as the one that he had previously heard, but it was still warm and
inviting.
     He opened his eyes to see Stacy looking down on him.
     "Come on poop stain. Everyone's here. I don't know what the hell
was happening to you, but you were out like a light. Everyone's here
now, so get your ass up."
     Dave raised to his feet and saw the rest of his guests standing
in the computer room. Including Pimp-ohki, who was still looking
pissed.
     "O.K. hey everyone. The pizza should be here soon and after that
this mass insanity can get underway."
     No sooner had he said that, the pizza arrived.
     A massive wave of kids ran up the stairs, eager to stuff their
greedy faces with pizza.
     After a heavy *sigh*, Dave followed then upstairs as well.
     By the time he got there, his guests were already devouring pizza
like a school of pharannas. Dave motioned the group back downstairs
once they had all grabbed what they needed: pizza, surge, and napkins.
[sorry I was just trying to be a little realistic.] 
     Upon reaching the basement, Dave put his Radiohead c.d. into the
c.d. player and turned it up as high as he could without disturbing
the neighbors to the point that they called the police. 
     All was well, and all were joyous, including Pimp-ohki who had
been wakened by the distinct scent of pizza. "So Eric, how come you
lost so easy today??" Dave asked curiously. "I wanna know." But the
truth was that he was just trying to brag unassumingly.
     "Well, you see.." Eric paused.
     "Go on." Dave took a bite of pizza.
     "I stepped on a rock and tripped."
     "WHAAAAAAAT????!!!" Dave shouted and began choking on his pizza.
His dream of finally out-matching his sensai came crashing down on him
like a ton of bricks.
     T.J. slapped Dave on the back in an attempt to bring the pizza
back up.
     Instead, Dave forced the pizza down. "You lying piece of crap!! I
pushed you down!! I saw it!!"
     "Think what you must." Eric responded and calmly ate another
piece of pizza. "Nevertheless, I tripped. Nothing that you think or
say is going to change that."
     Dave's blood began to boil. "FINE! I DEMAND A REMATCH!!!"
     "Sounds fine to me." He answered.
     Dave made a motion for Bill to get his bokken when he suddenly
remembered the focus point of the party. "forget it. I have something
more important to show all of you. Something that boggles the mind."
     That caught everyone's attention, including Pimp-ohki . 
     "Yes, even modern science can't explain it. It's existence is a
great mystery to us all. Ladies and gentlemen, [but mostly gentleman,]
I present to you for your pleasure, THE MASAKI SIMULATOR!!!    
     "Ohhh.." The crowd responded.
     "With this very machine, I can simulate the Masaki household. You
can be any character from the Tenchi cast, excluding minor
characters." He paused for a moment, letting this sink in. "Who want's
to try it??"
     Pimp-ohki, Bill, and Stacy each answered with an enthusiastic
"ME!!!!", while the others, T.J. and Eric, didn't even move.
     "Your loss." Dave said pitifully.
     "Not entirely," Eric corrected him, "when you're playing with
that simulator, me and T.J. can play Jupe and Massa Will!!"
     Stacy blinked. "What's that?"
     "Believe me, you don't wanna know." Bill answered.
     Everyone bigsweated simultaneously as Eric chased T.J. around
with a scarf, hitting him occasionally.
     "Damn it Jupe, plant me some corn!!" Eric demanded.
     Cringing, T.J. fell to the floor, covering his head with both of
his arms. "God no Massa Will!! Don't beat me with the whip!!"
     They ran screaming and laughing into Dave's room.
     "..." Everyone stared, dumb-founded, until Dave broke the
silence.
     "Take these." Dave instructed Bill, Stacy, and Eric.
     A bit reluctantly, they put on the bulky helmets that they were
handed.
     "It should be starting aaaanyyy second now." Dave told the 3 as
he pressed the ENTER key.
     3-2-1-LOADING... The computer counted down.
     Stacy was the first to notice that something was wrong. "I...I
don't feel too good.." She keeled over, clutching her gut. "What's
happening Dave?.." Her voice was week.
     "What do you mean?!!!" He took off his helmet, and, to his shock,
saw that everyone's body was dematerializing before his very eyes.
Including him.


**********************************************************************

     In another time, in another space, two white eyes glistened
menacingly. His time for revenge was close, very close indeed. 
       
**********************************************************************

     "M-m-m-my body feels like its breaking up!!!" Bill Clutched his
sides. "I'm being ripped apart!!"
     Eric fell to the ground, spasiming wildly.
"FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK!!!!!!!" He screamed, kicking his legs
uncontrollably 
     Bill remand silent, as tears ran down both sides of his face.
     Then, without any warning or reason, the pain stopped. Instead of
searing pain, all that they could feel was nothing, like their body's
had gone numb.
     In his visor, Dave saw a forest. It grew closer and closer by the
minute. He removed his visor, and, to his horror, saw that the Earth
was rapidly approaching. This was no simulation, this was real.

**********************************************************************

     The quaint chirping of birds filled Ryoko's ears as she served
the countryside from high atop a bluff. "It's so peaceful up here. I
just wish that Tenchi was up here now to enjoy it with me." she sighed
as a single tear ran down her cheek. "Damn!" She cursed. "How can I be
so close to him, yet so far at the same time? DAMN!" she swore again
and hit the ground with her fist, causing a small tremor to rock the
forest.
     "I was so sure that he loved me, after our journeys across time
and space. But he hasn't said anything or done anything out of the
ordinary since, except for the apple." Once more, she sighed. "If only
you would wake up and realize how much you mean to me Tenchi..
Tenchi." Ryoko yawned and stretched out beneath the canopy. A single
ray of sunlight shone through, warming her. She said something
incoherent about 'sake' and drifted off into a dreamless morning
slumber.
    
**********************************************************************

     Realizing that there was no why that he would survive the impact,
Dave yelled, "SAVE ME MOMMY!" Just before he fell to his green leafy
doom. 
     He landed with a loud *crash* that blew up a cloud of dust and
loose leaves. Coughing, he was amazed to find that he was still alive,
much less in one piece. Content that he was safe, he tried to open his
eyes, but found that the pain was too great and he couldn't. 
     "So much for landing safely." He thought as he roamed his hands
around the area around him. His reconosence reveled that whatever he
had landed on was soft and bumpy. His hands came across two large warm
mounds, about the size of  melons. 
     "Wonder what these are" he asked himself as  he felt the soft,
warm objects. Dave diverted his attention from these mysterious
objects when his nose caught a whiff of an unidentified odor. He
couldn't quite place his finger on what it was.
     It was at this point that Dave realized his landing site was
moving. Not so much violently, but heaving up and down rhytmetcly. 
     It was also at this point that the fact that the object that Dave
was laying on could talk.
     "Ten-Chan.." It giggled. "Frisky today aren't you??"
     Despite the pain, Dave's eyes snapped open. The voice was quite
recognizable, it was that of Ryoko. In shock and amazement, his eyes
began to grow larger and larger as he surveyed the person below him.
He stood there silent for a moment, as sweat began to bead his
forehead.
     Then the person below him opened her amber eyes.  There was
something about them that compelled Dave. He didn't know what, but it
really didn't matter. Because in a few minutes he was going to be
dead.
     The amber eyes began to enlarge, growing bigger and bigger. As
their size increased, the red veins that were popping out of them
became very noticeable.
     "GET OFF ME!!!" Ryoko demanded. 
     Dave looked on dumbfounded. Then, he realized where his hands
were and quickly removed them from Ryoko's curvy chest. 
     "WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU WERE DOING YOU YOU YOU HENTAI !!!!!!!"
Despite her obvious disapproval of the situation, Ryoko was blushing
faintly.
     Blushing himself, Dave removed himself from Ryoko's crotch as
well, then quickly stood.
     Energy danced around Ryoko's head. "ANSWER ME!!! WHAT DID YOU
THINK YOU WERE DOING??" She stood as well, looming over Dave, being 6
inches or so taller then him.
     "Well, um, I, uh, you see.." He twiddled his thumbs, searching
desperately for an answer.
     Ryoko had calmed down slightly by this point, but not by much.
After catching her breath, she outstretched her palm. "fine, don't
answer me. Whatever the reason, there was no excuse for you touching
me!!! I'm not like that slut Aeka!!! You just can't fall out of
nowhere and feel me up!!!" 
     "Actually, that's what happened in a way."
     But by now, Ryoko wasn't listening. "I haven't had the best
couple of days, and I'm very sexually frustrated right now. Well,
since you're here, I might as well take my anger out on you, RIGHT
NOW!!!" 
     Knowing what was going to happen next, Dave turned tail and fled
into the forest as red balls of energy concentrated themselves in
Ryoko's hand. "SHI NI!!!" Ryoko shouted as she clamped her hand shut,
forming a red energy sword  <[ ^_^;]>.
     Even though he knew that it was futile, Dave began to run through
the forest at mach 5, kicking up a trail of dust as he went.
     "Go ahead and run. That makes things more fun!!!" Ryoko laughed
maniacally and flew through the forest after her victim. Not daring to
make the same mistake that Tenchi did, Dave didn't bother to stop when
he thought that he was a safe distance away. Instead, he kept going. 
     "Ohayo!!!" Ryoko greeted as she flew up from the ground and
landed directly in Dave's path. Then something happened that she
wasn't expecting; Dave ran right into her breasts and bowled her over.
Of course, Dave fell over too.
     They landed in a tangled heap, with Dave's right hand on Ryoko's
right breast. [ things like this keep happening mysteriously, don't
they J ] Dave cringed and prepared to enjoy his last minute on Earth
before he was cleaved in two. His muscles tensed as closed his eyes
and squeezed Ryoko's breasts, waiting for death.
     10 seconds passed, then a minute. Dave looked up tentavily,
Expecting to see an energy bolt  flying at his face the size of  a
basketball. Instead, Ryoko was smiling.
     "Ar-ar-aren't you going to kill me now??" He asked sheepishly.
     She couldn't hold it in any more. Ryoko burst out laughing. 
     "What's so funny?" Dave saw nothing humorous about the situation.
     After she settled down, Ryoko answered. "Did you really think
that I was gonna hurt you? Come on, I was only playing. Couldn't you
tell??"
     "Actually.."
     "Well, I was. I may be a space pirate, but I'm no murder." She
said that as if she was proud to be a pirate. "Now, if you don't
mind." She pointed at Dave's hand that was still holding her breast in
a death grip. His glasses fogged up, and he hastily removed it.
     Quickly, he stood up and bowed deeply. "Gomen nasai" He
apologized. 
     Ryoko smirked. *He reminds me of Tenchi, in a way..* she sighed.
*if only Tenchi was that forward. or was it an accident?* She blushed,
imagining Tenchi touching her lovingly. Her eyes [now back to normal]
began to grow misty.
     "Daijoubudesu?" He asked her.
     "Hai, daijobu desu." She shook off the tears. "Now, back to the
matter at hand. Where did you come from anyway?"
     "It's like you said." He answered. "I feel out of the sky and
landed on you. The last thing that I remember before that was I was at
my house, using my new anime simulator with my friends, when  there
was intense pain and shortly after I disappeared and fell on you."
Right after he finished, there was a stabbing pain in his side and he
fell over, shaking in agony.
     Ryoko grabbed him before he fell. "Daijobu desu?? DAIJOBU
DESU???" there was no response. Dave's eyes glazed over, and he fell
silent. *I better get him to Washu* Ryoko thought and teleported
towards home, Dave in her arms.
**********************************************************************
     At the same time, in a different place, insane, evil laughter was
heard. The source of the laughter was a girl who appeared to be only
that of 12 years old, but her surroundings suggested otherwise. All
about her, there were various devices and machines whose use was
unknown. Past the machines, there were rows of long, green test tubes
that reached as far as the eye could see. Inside lay twisted,
distorted creatures who swam aimlessly in the primordial slime in
which they were kept.
     But the focus point of the lab was a oak school desk in the
middle that housed a 18 year old boy, wearing only his boxers. He
began to sweat profusely as the source of the laughter  approached
him.
     "Ah,hahahaha!!" Washu laughed evilly as she approached the man
sitting in the chair, clad in only a tight-fitting Japanese school
teacher's uniform. "Class, today were going to explore the realms of
male sexuality. Namely, the signs of male arousal. Do I have any
volunteers??" She looked around the lab, seeing only one man- Tenchi!!
     "Ah, yes you!" She pointed at Tenchi. "I see that you would like
to volunteer."
     Tenchi gave no response, save for the widening of his eyes.
     "Well, if you wanted to help with the demonstration, why didn't
you raise your hand??" Washu asked as she advanced towards Tenchi.
     He responded with a muffled scream. Vainly, he attempted to
struggle  out of the chair that was holding him, but the restraints
were holding him in to tightly for him to do anything.
     "Well well, since there seem to be no other questions, why don't
we begin?" Washu said menacingly, rubbing her hands together with
anticipation as she moved closer to her captive.
     *That's what I get for being hopeful.* Tenchi sighed to himself.

**********************************************************************

               <Insert:: Obligatory flashback sequence, part 1: At The
Breakfast Table::>    

     Tenchi sighed happily to himself. For the first time in a long
while, Sasami hadn't asked him to get Washu from her lab for
breakfast. Also, for the first time in a long while, Ryoko hadn't been
at the breakfast table to eat, much less anywhere else that she
usually was in the morning.
     He thought nothing of it, as Ryoko skipped breakfast often, and
her absence usually added up to one thing  for Tenchi: A relaxing, hot
meal.
     The only thing that he found disturbing about the meal was that
Aeka kept trying to steal glances at him from time to time. He
pretended not to notice, but it still bothered him that Aeka was so
uptight about her feelings and emotions. It couldn't do any harm if
she told him how she felt; in fact it might actually help somewhat.
     Yet Tenchi knew that this was just wishful thinking. Aeka was to
frail, to delicate, to ever be open with her feelings. Unlike Ryoko.
The two girls had completely different personalities, but  he felt
equally attracted to both of them nevertheless. 
     He wished that Aeka wasn't so unreachable.
     He wished that Ryoko wasn't so demanding..
     He wished that Aeka and Ryoko wouldn't fight so much.
     But none of this would ever happen.
     With a heavy *sigh* he drained the last of his miso shiru and
stood up. He complimented Sasami for the wonderful meal, as he always
did and prepared to walk out to the shrine for more sword practice.
     Much to his dismay, on the way out Sasami asked, quite sweetly,
"Oh, I completely forgot about Washu. Can you go to her lab and see if
she's still allright?? She's missed the last couple of meals and I'm
getting worried about her."
     Not being one to be able to turn down such a cute little girl, he
agreed, quite reluctantly. And when he went into the lab, well, you
know how it always goes.

**********************************************************************

Back to the matter at hand.
  
     Giggling maniacally, Washu grabbed the elastic strap on Tenchi's
boxers.
     "Time for today's lesson, schoolboy."
     Tenchi Shrunk back in fear. His whole body tensed up as he
awaited his grim fate. *Do I really deserve this?* he thought as Washu
began to slide his boxers off his body tediously. A thin trickle of
blood oozed from his nose.
     "Let's see if you did your homework. Now, can you perform Kama
Sutra position #34 for your teacher?"
     Tenchi felt that  he was going to faint. His knees went out on
him, and his throat went dry. *Somebody, anybody, help me* he squeezed
his eyes shut. *ANYBODY.*
     Over in the corner of the lab, a faint buzzing noise began. It
grew louder and louder, until Washu thought that it was going to drive
her mad.
     "What the hell is it now??!" She asked, exasperated, getting up
and away from Tenchi.
     Tenchi finally exhaled, much more relieved that he was safe for
the moment.
     Charging past her rows of machines, Washu finally came across the
source of the infernal buzzing. It was being emitted by the most
unlikely of machines, her dimension tuner.
     "I thought that I put this thing away for good." She mumbled as
she walked around it, looking for what the problem was. Right when she
was about to give up, the machine turned a very light blue in color.
Washu sensed some sort of energy being released by the machine. In the
blink of an eye, the dimension split and reformed, not affecting
Tenchi or Washu at all.
     "I thought that that machine couldn't be used anymore!!" Tenchi
shouted at her from the table.
     "It's not supposed to! There's some kind of outside force
operating it! I can't control it!"
     Then, as suddenly as it had started, the buzzing was gone.
Everything was back to normal.
     But then a shape began to materialize in front of Washu's very
eyes. Slowly, it's atoms combined, forming a human body.
     Washu stared wide eyed as the figure stood and groaned,
staggering to and fro and clutching his head. Before he could fall,
however, Washu caught him. Gradually, the boy opened his blue eyes.
His pupils un-dialeted as they became more accustomed to the lighting.  
     After a long silence, he spoke. "Who are you? Where am I?"
     "Hmhmhmhm. My name is Washu.." she said seriously then, in hr
child voice, said, "The greatest scientific genius in the universe.!!"
     Right then, two puppets that looked like a Washu in SD mode
marked 'A' and 'B' flipped up onto her shoulders. "WASHU YOU ARE THE
GENUIS!!" Puppet A shouted.
     "WASHU YOU GREATEST!!" Puppet B shouted.
     Then they began clapping excitedly as Washu laughed maniacally
and confetti streamed down from the ceiling, it's source unknown.
     The boy responded by bigsweating.
     "And to answer your second question, you're here in my lab." She
calmed down from her intro and put the boy on the floor. "Now, for my
question- who are you??"
     "Bill." He responded quickly. "Bill brown."
     "Bill? That's a strange name. Where are you from?"
     "Michigan."
     "Michigan?" She repeated him again. "Then how the hell did you
get here?"
     "I have no idea."
     "Did you travel through a dimensional rift?"
     "No."
     "A slipgate?"
     "No."
     "A wormhole?"
     "No."
     "A trans-universal paradox in the time-space continuum?"
     "No."
     "ERHHHHHHHHHH!!!" Washu grabbed the sides of her head. "This is
annoying!! Do you even know what these things are?"
     "No" he answered sheepishly.
     "Well, there's only one way to find out. I'm gonna have to
explain all of this important information too you! After all, my
machine reactivating by itself is a very big deal." Washu grabbed
Bill's arms and led him off into the deepest reaches of her lab
     Tenchi breathed a sigh of relief. *Saved again* he thought. *But
who was that guy? Where did he come from? He looked just like a normal
person. I wonder if he's a threat to us? Knowing Washu, she's probably
got some sort of ulterior motive for this, like getting a sample or
something.* he sat there for a minute and thought about this. Then he
realized that he was still tied up, boxers off. He blushed, then
screamed out, "WASHU!!! GET ME DOWN!!"  at the top of his lungs.
     No response.
     Now Tenchi was really starting to get worried. *What if Ryoko
comes back here and sees me like this? Then I'll be trapped, and she
would be free to have her way with me!* In no time at all, the school
desk was drenched with sweat.
     *If Ryoko comes.* He shuddered. It wasn't that he was afraid to;
it was that he was afraid of Ryoko and everything about her. Her
destructiveness. Her temper. Her immense strength. Her fangs. He began
to imagine what those fangs would do to his soft flesh if  they ever
got hold of it. The thought made him shudder more.
     He winced now, actually feeling the pain for a split-second.
     Deciding that now it would be better to relax then worry himself
to death, he slowly shut his eyes and waited for help or Washu.

**********************************************************************

     "Ohayo, Ten-Chan.." A women's voice awakened Tenchi from his
sleep. Was it Washu? No, the voice was far to sexy. Suddenly, he
realized, much to his horror, that the voice belonged to Ryoko.
     His eyes shot open. "WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE??!!" he shouted in
shock.
     "Just getting ready to have breakfast." She smiled at him,
reveling her fangs. They glistened menacingly in the sun's early rays.
     "And what's breakfast?" he asked, already beginning to sweat.
     Instead of answering, she giggled and began to slide down his
chest. She stopped at his crotch.
     "Ryoko?? What are you doing??" Tenchi asked, his voice full of
concern.
     She opened her mouth herroundsly wide. "Getting breakfast." She
said again, her fangs beginning to grow.
     "AND WHAT IS THAT??!!" he demanded.
     Finally, when her fangs had tripled their length, she answered
him. "YOU ARE, TENCHI MY SWEET" and with that, she bit down. HARD.
     Tenchi screamed in agony as he felt his penis being ripped off
his body. Blood poured from his open wound, spreading across the
sheets.
     Ryoko swallowed her prize in one gulp. "And now, for the rest of
my meal."
   
**********************************************************************

     "NOOOOOOOOOOO!!!" Tenchi screamed as he awoke from his nightmare
with a start. He was shaking all over, and the faint smell of urine
hung in the air. Also, his heart was beating abnormally fast.
     "It was all a dream.. A horrible dream.." He said to the
darkness. "But would Ryoko ever do something like that?" he thought
aloud.
     "Do what?" a voice asked from behind him. It was unmistakable as
to who it belonged to.
     Tenchi looked up from his chair and saw Ryoko staring back down
at him. Not exactly his face, but his crotch. Realizing this, he
blushed and attempted to cover himself, but was still tied down.
     "Geez, don't worry. I'm not the kind of girl to take advantage of
the man she loves when he's tied up."
     "But you  tied me up that one time and tried to.." he was cut of
by Ryoko, who placed her index finger over his mouth.
     "True, but it's only fun when I tie you up." She smirked,
reveling her fangs.
     Tenchi grimaced at the sight of them and looked away in revolt.
     "Tenchi.." She crooned. "What's wrong?"
     "It's nothing.."
     "You can tell me. It'll be just between us three."
     "Three??!"
     "Yeah, the three of us. He's right here." Ryoko bent down and
picked up a boy, probably around 14, off the floor, holding him by the
sides as if he was a doll.
     Tenchi gulped. "Not more strange people."
     "More?"
     "There's one more person. He went off with Washu into her lab and
left me here. by the way, can you let me up?"
     "Sure" Ryoko held the boy with one hand, creating an energy sword
with the other. Faster then Tenchi's eyes could see, it whizzed
through the air, cutting all of the restraining straps down the
middle.
     Tenchi blinked. Quickly, he got up, pulled up his boxers <facing
away from Ryoko> and turned to see the new boy. The most noticeable
thing about him was his hair- it was yellow, and very spiky. A long
lock hung  down the left side, much like Ryoko's.
     After a brief silence, he asked, "So where did you meet?"
     "Well, he just sort of fell out of the sky and." she caught
herself and blushed. "And then he passed out in agony. I brought him
here so Washu could take a look at him to see if he was all right, but
she's not around."
     Tenchi got up to leave. "Gomen Ryoko, but I'm going to have to
leave you alone with him. Grandpa's making me practice again  today." 
     "Yeah, bye.." Tenchi thought that he noticed a slight hint of
irritation in her voice. Ryoko turned away from Tenchi..
     Not thinking much of this, he bowed and left.
     Ryoko kept herself composed, until Tenchi left. "TENCHI NO
BAKA!!!!!" her scream filled the lab, echoing.  "Every time that I'm
alone with him, he has a chance to tell me how he feels. But does he?
No. never. It couldn't hurt to hear him say something nice, either.
Instead of welcoming me, the first thing that he does is cower and try
to cover himself. What a baka."
     She decided that if Tenchi didn't make his move first, she would.
Now, as for Washu.
     Ryoko slung Dave over her shoulder like a sack of potatoes and
phased off in search of her.

**********************************************************************           
     
     Still a bit shaken from his recent nightmare and run-in with
Washu, Tenchi prepared to go train with his grandpa out by the shrine.
He went upstairs into his room to grab his bokken, seeing no one until
he left the house. [Actually, it's just more convent for the story-
Sailor Jerpury.] 
     "Ohayo, Mihoshi." He greeted the detective as she approached him
up the walkway.
     "Ohayogozaimas." She replied and bowed.
     "What brings you around here so early today?" Tenchi asked.
     "Well, since we don't have patrol today, I thought that I'd spend
the day here- if that's all right with you."
     "Oh sure Mihoshi. You're welcome over any time you like. You know
that, don't you?" he said smiling at her.
     Mihoshi grabbed her reddening face with both of her hands.
"Really? You really mean it? I don't know what to say, I'm so, I'm
so... embarrassed!"
     Tenchi scratched the back of his head uneasily. *What's wrong
with today?* he wondered. *Everyone's been acting crazy today. except
for Mihoshi, she's always like this*
     Joyously, Mihoshi skipped past Tenchi, face flushed, heading
toward the house.
     Tenchi continued toward the shrine, the whole time thinking about
the recent day's events. *does Washu really love me, or is it just
science? Why does it always seem like some freak accident or
occurrence saves me? And why am I a magnet for people from other
worlds?* 
     When he got to the shrine, he was no closer to an answer then he
was before.
     *Knock Knock* He rapped gently on his grandpa's door. "Are you
ready for practice yet Grandpa?" he called out. Not wanting to intrude
on his privacy, he stood at the door and awaited a response.
     Nothing.
     "Where is he??" Tenchi thought out loud and turned to leave.
Tenchi felt a gust of wind behind him. Acting instinctively, he placed
his bokken horizontally over his head and supported the end with his
left hand.
     Katshuhito jumped off the roof of his shack and slashes downward
at Tenchi, only to have his attack blocked by a well placed parry.
Upon impact of the two bokkens, he did an interesting forward flip.
Turning in mid-air, he landed on the ground to face Tenchi. [Don't ask
me were he got the leverage, that's like asking "How do The Dirty
Pair's clothing stay on?" It's anime physics O.K., now leave me alone-
Sailor Jerpury]
     "That was a cheap trick, Grandpa." Tenchi remarked, getting his
witty banter of the day in at last. 
     "That was a good block Tenchi. But you're going to have to do
better then that!" Katsuhito followed up.
     With their quips out of the way, the two were free to do battle
to their hearts content.  

**********************************************************************

     "AIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Stacy let out one
of those really high pitched girly screams that can shatter glass and
fine china as she plummeted towards the quickly approaching canopy
[doesn't this sound familiar? I need to get better writhing skills-
Sailor Jerpury.]  With a loud *crash* she hit the trees. In her fall
she successfully broke every bone in her body and died. Now, back to
the important characters.

**********************************************************************

     "I DEMAND A REWRITE!!!" Stacy roared as she squeezed Sailor
Jerpury's neck.
     "What *ack* seems to be the problem?" He asked as calmly as one
possibly can while having their neck being ringed out by an angry
women.
     "WHAT'S THE PROBLEM!!!!!! I THINK THAT WE ALL KNOW WHAT THE
PROBLEM HERE IS!!!!!" (-_-*) "YOU KILLED ME OFF AT THE BEGINNING OF
THIS STORY!!!!! I'M SUPPOSED TO BE THE STAR!!!!!"
     "O.K., *ack* what do you want changed?"
     She looked him strait in the face. "LET...ME..LIVE..." Stacy
tightened her stranglehold.
     "allright *ack* whatever you want.." Hastily, Sailor Jerpury got
back to typing, Stacey's hands still around his neck.

**********************************************************************

     With a loud crash, she hit the trees. Lucky for her, she landed
on a soft object. But she was still slightly battered from the fall. A
hail of tree branches and leaves soon followed, hitting her on the
head.
     Below her, Stacy heard a squeaky, chipmunk voice demand, "Get off
me!!"
     She looked down to see a skanky looking girl about 17 with long
purple hair tied on both sides. When their gaze met, the women's red
eyes were full of shock and disbelief.
     "Ryo-ryo-ryo-RYOKO??!!!" She stammered. 
     Immediately  Stacy recognized the girl. Who wouldn't? It was
Aeka, the First Princess of the Planet Jurai.
Knowing this, Stacy intended to have some FUN. "Why yes I am Ryoko."
She said blatantly. "What's it to you princess??"
     "But you're so small." Aeka said, still in a state of shock.
     'What?" Stacy went up to scratch her head when she discovered
something very disturbing. Her hair was no longer long and blonde, but
instead spiky.. She plucked a strand of hair out and discovered that
it was cyan. "What the hell is this??" She asked in disbelief.
     "Did Washu do something to your DNA? What did you do to make her
mad this time." Aeka breathed heavily and a puff of air came out her
mouth.
     "I didn't do anything!! What's going on here??!!" She stood up.
     Aeka followed her lead. "Look Ryoko, I can tell that this is just
a silly ruse to trick me to go to Washu's lab so you can get your
filthy paws on Ten-Sama. But I can see through your diversion. Us
members of the house of Jurai aren't as gullible as you may think, let
me assure you." Aeka would have kept talking if Stacy hadn't
interrupted her.
     "How arrogant are you?? I know you're an imbred naive little
'Princess', but that's no excuse for what you just said. You're to
paranoid Aeka. I have no interest in Tenchi anyway." 
     "Oh really?? Then why do you chase after him so??"
     "Like I said before, I'm not Ryoko!! What do I have to do to
prove that to you??!!"
     "Well, you look and act like Ryoko, but you don't sound like her.
Maybe you're right. But there's only one way to prove if you're
Ryoko."
     "And how's that?"
     "Ask for Washu's opinion."
     "O.K., fine. Whatever it takes to get it through your thick skull
that I'm NOT Ryoko." She began to walk away, then stopped. "By the
way, were is Washu??"
     "She's probably in her lab working on some kind of insane
invention. How could you not know that?? You've been living here for 3
months." She sighed again, exasperated. *Now I know how Kiyoni feels*
     "Look, the last thing that I need right now is a lippy Princess
mouthing off to me. Do you understand??" Stacy began to walk away,
then stopped again.
     *What a strange person.* "What is it now?"
     Stacy didn't answer. She began wobbling back and forth.
     Aeka stood up. "I've had enough of you!! Now tell me who you
really are!!"
     Stacy ran into a tree.
     "Now see here, I'm a Princess and as a princess you owe me some
respect. Now answer my question!!"
     *What's wrong with me??* That was Stacey's last thought before
she collapsed in pain.
     
**********************************************************************

     "Ohayo??" Mihoshi called out, sticking her head into the Masaki
household. "Where is everybody??" She thought aloud as she walked
inside, making sure to remove her shoes. Not being the most diligent
of people, Mihoshi quickly gave up on her search and wandered out into
the back.
     "It's so beautiful!!" Mihoshi remarked as she watched the sun
rise over the lake, turning the water a medium-orange in color. "But
it makes me so sleepy.." She stretched out on the deck and closed her
big blue eyes. Within minutes she was fast asleep [Must be the cat in
her- Sailor Jerpury]

**********************************************************************

     Still wracked with pain, Eric failed to notice that he was
hurtling Earth-ward at a rapid pace. His entire body felt as if it
were on fire. His lungs were burning. His throat was dry. Before he
even came close to the Earth, he was overcome with pain and fell
unconscious.


**********************************************************************

     Mihoshi's sunshine daydream was ended when her elongated ears
caught a loud *splash*. "What is it now??" Mihoshi asked herself as
she got up, scratching her head. Then she looked over to the lake and
saw ripples being omitted from the center. Slowly, her mind went into
action. *There was a splash. And now there's ripples in the lake. When
someone hits the water it makes a splash and ripples. Could it be that
someone landed in the lake and is drowning.??* She pondered this for a
moment, then came to the conclusion that there was indeed someone in
the lake, possibly drowning. When her mind realized the importance of
the situation, she put her hands on the side of her face. "Oh no!!
That person's in trouble!" She quickly stood up and ran over to the
lake, calling out to the person in the lake. "Don't worry, I'm going
to save you from an untimely demise! It's my duty as a Galaxy Police
Officer!"
     Reaching the lake, she took in a lungfull of air and leapt into
the lake. With surprising efficiency, the bubble-headed detective swam
down to the lake's murky bottom, past the remnants of Ryo-Ohki and
Ryu-Oh. Then, at the bottom of  the lake, she saw the person that had
landed in the lake. Not taking time to look at him over, she swam to
the surface, the boy in tow.
     Mihoshi took a gulp of air as she broke the surface of the water.
She swam over to the side of the lake which was closest to her, which
was the side closest to the house, conveniently enough. Using her
somewhat limited strength, Mihoshi threw the boy up on the beach. He
wasn't breathing. 
     "Oh no, now what do I do?" The Officer asked herself as she
thought back to her training. Using one hand, Mihoshi plugged the
boy's nose. Then, she opened his mouth and placed hers on top of it,
then exhaled. Immediately after that, she placed one hand on his chest
and the other on top of it, then she pushed down with both a few
times. She placed her head up to his chest and strained to listen for
a heartbeat, but heard none. Once again, she administered CPR to the
boy. This time she removed her mouth in shock.

**********************************************************************

     Eric sputtered and awoke, coughing up a lung-full of water.
Slowly, his eyes opened and saw someone standing above him.
     Her blonde hair was wet and dripping, matting it to her forehead.
The women's dark skin was offset by her large blue eyes. But her most
noticing feature was the large amount of cleavage that her pink tank
top was reveling. Eric's eyes suddenly became fixated on her chest.
     Mihoshi blinked. Her blue eyes began to sparkle as she saw Eric
finally open his eyes. "Oh, so you're awake!" She said happily, not
bothering to follow his gaze, even though it was obvious to her that
he was staring at something intently. 
     Hearing Mihoshi's voice, Eric was broken out of his trance like
state. He looked up at the possessor of the breasts and gasped, for it
was non other then Mihoshi. [If it isn't obvious to you now, the guys
in this fan fic are meeting their favorite anime female as they appear
in this series. Stacy was going to originally meet Tenchi, but I was
evil and changed my mind. MUWAHAHAHAHAH!!!-Sailor Jerpury]
     Realizing that Mihoshi had saved his life by administrating CPR,
Eric swore under his breath. *Damn it, when she was giving
mouth-to-mouth I could have slipped her the tongue! But I was out of
it! Damn!* Not being one to waste such an opportunity, Eric put his
arms around Mihoshi's back and brought her closer. Wordlessly he
leaned forwards and kisser her on the lips.
     Mihoshi was stunned. She was unsure what to do. *Wow, he's so
much more kawaii then Tenchi! Much more handsome too!* Without
thinking, Mihoshi returned the kiss.
     After a short time, they broke the kiss. They stared into each
others eyes, which at that point turned into little hearts. Love at
first sight.
     "Thank for saving my life." Eric said, not being unable to think
of anything particularly suave to say at the moment.
     "Doutachimashitai." Mihoshi answered. She was blushing deeply.
     Eric was about to make another move on Mihoshi when he suddenly
felt a sharp stabbing pain in his side. The feeling spread throughout
his entire body, making his nerve endings feel like they were on fire.
     Trying to stay cool, Mihoshi picked up Eric around the waist.
"Don't worry, Eric-Chan, I'll get you to Washu. She'll know what to
do. Or at least she should because she plays doctor with Tenchi all
the time."
     Eric fell silent.
     Mihoshi began to sprint towards the Masaki household.

      To be continued.
 
      Gomen folks, but there's no preview this time. Also, I'm going
to try to keep my chapters around 10-20 pages rather then 5, as the
first chapter was. And as far as the Eric and Mihoshi part? Well, Eric
would probably kill me IRL if I didn't put it, especially after that
bokken battle, even though he tripped [or so he says]. 

     Japanese References-

Konbanwa-good evening
bokken-practice wooden sword.
Sensai-teacher.
Gomen-sorry.
Doko-name prefix meaning 'the great'.
Ohayo-informal way of saying 'Good morning.'
Chan-name prefix used to show relationship with someone.
Daijobu-How are you?
Sake-Fermented rice wine.
Hentai-pervert.
Shi ni-die.
Bowing-in Japan you bow to show respect. The deeper the bow, the more
respect.
Gomen nasai-I'm deeply sorry.
Daijobu desu-Are you all right?
Hai, daijobu desu-Yes, I'm fine.
Miso shiru-soup made of bean curds. Common Japanese breakfast item.
SD-super deformed.
.no baka-.is an idiot.
Baka-idiot, dork, fool, etc.
Ohayogozaimas-formal way of saying 'Good morning'.