       Parasite Evolutions chapter one - Introduction into the madness

            

                        By malice


      DISCLAIMER: I do not own any of the characters in this fic, except for 
those I have created with my imagination (Kyle Molotov, Lamprey, etc.) The 
Invisible Mana
            is owned by a show on the Sci-Fi channel (catch it at 8:00/7:00 on 
Fridays). Tenchi Muyo„ is owned by Hitoshi Okuda and Pioneerƒ (watch it at
            6:00/5:00 on Cartoon Network).

 

 

 

            I guess I have to tell you some things before this story begins, 
don't I? I'll start with my name. Kyle Molotov. I am the invisible man. It 
sounds stupid, doesn't it?
Well here's the deal. There's this thing called quicksilver that can bend light. 
Some scientist made it and put it into a synthetic gland. The first host of the 
glands name
was Darien Fawks. Darien was facing life in prison for burglary, but the 
scientists needed a host. Fawks got picked, and so they came to this agreement. 
They insert the
gland, he walks free and is a 'federal agent', or they insert the gland and 
something goes wrong... Well, you get the rest. So Fawks had this for about 20 
years, and then
they gave it to the next host. That's where I come in. I wasn't facing life in 
jail or anything, I had just gotten out of the Marine Corps and they decided on 
me. So I got it. I
needed some training with the gland, so I spent most of my time in the labs. 
That's all about the gland, so now I can start my story.

      JAPAN: 3:00 A.M. After I tipped the driver of the cab for taking me this 
far, I noticed an opening in the trees. I walked over and, lo and behold, a 
carrot patch. I
figured they wouldn't miss a few, and since I was so hungry, I 'borrowed' a 
couple.  After I had started eating, I heard a loud meowing sound, and this 
freaky looking rabbit
started charging at me! I just kind of stared for a while, then I made a fist 
and put it in front of me. The rabbit then promptly hit my hand and fell 
unconscious on the ground.
I found a shrine and hit the dirt faster than the deformed rabbit had. So I 
munched on the carrots for a while and then fell asleep.

      I was rudely awakened a few hours later by a young woman with blue hair 
that, unfortunately, didn't look too happy. So I did the first thing that came 
to my mind. I
ran for about five feet, and then she was in front of me. So I just pivoted on 
my little toes, and she was in front of me again. After doing this several 
times, I finally stopped.
She observed me for a minute, then she kicked me in the gut and threw an 
uppercut into my face.

      When I woke up I felt sharp pains through my body, and then I fell to 
involuntary convulsions. A lady came over and pushed a needle into my arm. The 
convulsions
and such stopped. She then pulled out a clipboard and started reading things 
off. 

      "Okay, let's see... Kyle Molotov, the 'invisible man', correct?" I nodded 
weakly. "Alright then. You're free to go. You can stay here for a while, I 
suppose. Ask
Tenchi or something. Bye." 

      I got off the table I was laying on and stumbled over to a door. I walked 
from the light room to a hallway of some sort. Nice western sort of look to it; 
wooden floor,
windows, nice furniture, etc. The only thing I was feeling odd about was that I 
had just walked out of a closet. I took a closer look, but it was still a 
closet. No hollow walls,
no secret passageways, no magic boxes, nothing at all secret about the closet. 
So I walked around the house looking for a guy named Tenchi.

      After a while of wandering about the house, I sauntered outdoors to look 
for him. I saw an old man and asked him if he was Tenchi. The old man laughed 
and said, 

      "Oh no, of course not. I'm his grandfather, Yosho. Tenchi is out 
collecting carrots. If you wanted to ask him a question, I believe I could 
answer them." 

      I took the opportunity to ask him whether they could spare a piece of 
floor to sleep on or something. 

      "Yes, we could give you a place to stay. You could sleep in the living 
room, on the couch or floor, wherever you prefer." I told him that I would take 
the floor, said
goodbye, and headed for the house again.

      When I got close I saw the woman that had beat the crap out of me laying 
on the roof, apparently napping. I decided to pay her a visit. I found a 
notched, rough
part of the wall and climbed it to get on the roof. I carefully crawled over to 
where she was. I looked at her face. She was pretty cute, but I supposed that's 
because she
was sleeping. I wanted a little revenge, so I promptly woke her up. Her hand 
jetted out and slammed against my chin. 

      "Hey dumbass," she said, "Can't you see I was trying to sleep?" 

      "Well, couldn't YOU see that when you woke ME up? Hmm?" I replied, holding 
my gushing lip. "By the way, how did you get in front of me so fast?" 

      "Neat trick huh?" She calmly answered. 

      "Hmm... I guess so. Who are you anyways? Might as well know a girl who can 
easily beat the shit out of me." 

      "Ryoko. I already know your name. Washu told me. Kyle Molotov, right?" 

      "Yeah, that's my name. Who's Washu? She that pink haired lady that was in 
the room in the closet, that I can't seem to find?" 

      "You got it. Anyways, I still wanna sleep, so could you leave me alone?" I 
nodded and walked to my 'room'. Nothing real exciting about it, except the floor 
was
clean.

      After a bit of laying around on the floor sleeping, I started to slip into 
deep, weird thoughts of why in the hell everyone had different colored hair 
do's. I woke from
my insanity when the blue haired lady came back. For once, I was actually happy 
to see her face, even though the next thing she might have done was kick me in 
the
nuts. 

      "What's up, Ryoko?" I said calmly, smiling. 

      "You staying here for I while? If so, I'm sleeping about five feet from 
where your laying tonight, and I called it, so keep your distance, got it?" She 
replied, also
grinning sarcastically. 

      "Pushy, pushy! I'll stay away from your spot. Anyways... What is the 
schedule around here, when do you eat, who cooks, where is your food, and where 
is
Washu?" 

      "We don't have a 'schedule', I eat when I want, Sasami cooks, stay away 
from our food, and Washu is outside prodding a dead fish." I made a slight 
gesture with
my hand, then turned around and went outside.

      Now that I was familiarized with most of the people living here (or so I 
thought), I supposed that now was a good time to start my mission. I thought 
that it was
pretty weird sounding, but then again, who am I to talk about weird?

      Here's my mission: I have to protect this certain region from lamprey 
worms. Lamprey worms are microscopic parasites that take over your nervous 
system and
necessary parts of the body to use it for it's own proposes. Now if you think 
that they are all together and planning to take over the world, you would be 
about half right.
They want to take over the world, of course, but they are not allied. The soul 
reason for them infesting people is that they can destroy other tribes and 
tribal members. The
ways of infestation that we know about are through opened parts on human 
anatomy, for instance, mouth, nostrils, open wounds, etc. There is no protection 
known against
lamprey worms, only to be in an airtight room surrounded by acid or molten lava.

      So on goes the story. I pulled out a small object that looks like a hand-
held speedometer that counts parasitic life form in the particular half-mile 
radius I was
standing in. The place was pretty clean, a few harmless parasites and some 
accidental microscopic life forms. I dropped it into my backpack with my other 
tools. I heard
some far off yells and wood striking wood in the forest. I decided I might check 
it out.

      When I got about 20 feet from where the sounds were coming from, I became 
invisible and all my apparel with me. I walked close to the spot and watched 
what
was happening. A boy, supposedly Tenchi, was in swordsman training with Yosho. 

      "What a dope" I thought to myself. 

      I turned visible again. I watched for a while, and then I wandered back to 
the house after a stroll in the forest with Tenchi. He was a nice guy, pretty 
quiet. By then
it was about 8:00 P.M., so I decided to head into the house to see if they had 
anything to eat around here.

      When I got there, I sauntered into the kitchen and found a small girl with 
very long blue hair cooking. 

      "Excuse me, what's your name?" I asked her. 

      "Sasami. Who are you? Are you staying here?" She replied. 

      "I'm Kyle Molotov, and yes, I'm staying. So I guess you're the cook I've 
heard so much about." I said, grinning. 

      She smiled back and nodded. "So what brings you here?" She questioned, 
turning back to her cooking. 

      "Just passing through. I'll only be here a couple of days, I realize 
another person is just another burden. What's been happening around here?" 

      "Nothing much, really, everything's been pretty normal. Ryoko has been 
moving around a bit more lately. But I don't really know much about that." 

      "So they know I'm here..." I murmured. 

      "What?" 

      "Oh, uh, nothing, nothing. So what's for dinner?" 

      "Huh? Oh, yeah. Dinner. Hmm... Let's see... Okay. There's broiled fish, 
carrots, corn, and some miso soup." She then turned back to her cooking. 

      I thought it might take a few minutes, so I decided to check out the top 
floor of the house.

      After climbing the staircase, I found a hallway full of doors. 

      "One by one, I guess." I mumbled to myself.

      I walked up to the first door. Upon opening it, I found a room with one 
bed, two bookcases, carpet, one window overlooking a ravine, and... um... a bump 
in the
bed. Nervousness triggered the gland. I crept over and pulled back the covers. 
It was just a crease in the bed. I became visible again. 

      "Damned idiot, you got scared over a bump in the bed." 

      The lights in the room went out, so I instinctively went invisible. I saw 
everything clearly. Ryoko was walking, or really FLOATING, over to me. I moved 
over and
saw her move over to where I had been. She grasped blindly around for me and 
tumbled through the air onto the ground. I went visible and turned the lights 
on. 

      "What are you doing, hmm?" I inquired, grinning. 

      "Um... Er... I... I dunno, just uh, looking for Tenchi." She replied, 
looking in a weird way at me. 

      "Why did you jump at me then?" 

      "I thought you were Tenchi, why else?" she said, rising and walking toward 
the door. 

      "See you for dinner." She closed the door behind her. I wandered to the 
opposite door from the room I had just been in. It was just storage.

      After about a half and hour of searching I went to the kitchen. No Sasami. 
The food was all gone. No dirty dishes, nothing. Now, to me, this was odd, since 
after I
eat usually my table is covered in dirty dishes. But I wondered where they had 
gone...

       

                                
/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\
/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 

            Ok guys- that's it. My first (posted) fic. Whatever you thought of 
it, and response would be appreciated.



