Hey this is Kenny and I don't own any of this stuff except for Clay. 
Compliments to the guys who made Harry Potter meets Dragonball Z on 
Newgrounds. Don't sue me I'm not making any money. off of this.


Harry Potter Meets Tenchi and Crew

One day in a place not to far from the Masaki shrine, Harry Potter was 
in his potions class.
"God damnit, this potion tastes like cat crap Ron." Said Harry. "Hey 
look I made this red bubbly one and it looks simply scrumptious!" "No, 
you bloody fool, that's deadly."
Ron guzzles down the potion.

"Harry, help me! I'm mutating!" Professor Snape saw Ron turning into a 
large gooey blob. 
"You blood woigger!" and with that he blew Ron into a million pieces.
"I think we're going to need another dorky carrot top kid over here 
professor." Said Malfoy.
"Oh no, you killed him you bastard. Now that squiggly thing on my head 
is hurting me!" said Harry. Malfoy started to laugh and then Harry 
blasted him with his magic schlong, I mean wand. Then Potter turned to 
the professor and blasted his head off.
Harry Potter than roamed the streets, seducing women and killing 
leprechauns. OJ Simpson also killed Goku. During his last trick, the 
escape from the giant bong, a group of leprechauns quickly smoked him 
in revenge for their fallen friend. Hour's later Harry Potter's evil 
aurora was once again upon the people of the streets. Meanwhile David 
Blaine was doing magic tricks on the street. He told Harry to beat it, 
but was quickly stifled by Harry's broom. When Gohan saw Potter he was 
angry. He talked on and on about his damn balls. Harry was very fed up 
with this Bull shitter so he sent Ash to and Pikachu out to destroy the 
Z team. Pikachu made quick work of them, but like the retard he is he 
zapped himself in the process. Ash promised Pikachu he wouldn't stare 
at Misty any more, but his efforts were useless and Pikachu's head fell 
off. The sailor scouts saw this and then sat there and said how messed 
up it was. 

Later that evening Harry was asleep in his bed, when the door started 
to open. Suddenly he saw black! It was OJ! He stabbed the crap out of 
Harry, and cut his head off. OJ's last statement before he left was, 
"Go OJ, go OJ! Ahhhhhh. If the glove don't fit, you gotta acquit, and 
don't tell nobody."

However, after the valiant attempts of many, Harry Potter has arisen 
once again and is headed for the Masaki shrine, in the woods of Japan.

"Oh Tenchi come here and sit with me." Said Ryoko.
"Shut up bitch. I'm busy ya' whore!" Tenchi replied.

KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK!

"Who could dat' be?" said little Richy who was currently living with 
them.
"It's me, Harry Potter." Said Harry.
"Who's Harry Potter?" Said Little Richard.
"Why don't you shutup and open the door you bloody idiot." When little 
Richy refused to open the door Harry Potter used his powers to blow his 
head off.
"Watch my majik! Poof!" and then little Richy's head expoloded into a 
million pieces. Of course know one noticed except Nobuyuki who was his 
gay lover. So Harry climbed up on the rooftop and tried to come down 
the chimney.

STOP!

STONE COLD: What?! What?! This is a load of crap! I came here to see 
some people get their ass whooped and that's what I plan on seeing!

YAK: Did I hear ass whooping? Well that's our cue!

CLAY: Hey look at that The rattlesnake is running towards the house!

J.R.: Well you know when Stone Cold's pissed it's not easy to beat him.

YAK: Wow cool it's J.R!

THE KING: Yeah and we're here too!

TAZZ: Oh yeah.

CLAY: Hey, let's exchange autographs!

They all sign pieces of paper and switch with each other.

CLAY: Hey wait a minute, I got Yakky's signature!

YAK: Ha Ha Ha.

AUSTIN: Where the hell is Y2J? I'll kick his ass inside out when I find 
him!

POTTER: Why you interrupting me?

AUSTIN: Cause Stone Cold said so!

RYOKO: Whoa cool Harry Potter and Stone Cold Steve Austin in our house 
at once! This is so cool!

AUSTIN: Yeah here's a hat. But wait, my watch is telling me something. 
It says that that hat looks really cool with blood stains!

POTTER: I say, let's kick some ass!

CLAY: Oh and look at that Stone Cold is assaulting Ryoko with the press 
and knuckle! 

KING: Oh but look Tenchi pushed him off, but he's taken down too by a 
spear from Harry!

TAZZ: You know I would have beat Christian if the ref hadn't kicked me 
in the crotch!

CHRISTIAN: You want a piece of me?

TAZZ: I'll tear off your arms you little bastard!

J.R.: Wow look at that there's about five people holding down the 
rattlesnake!

YAK: Oh but Stone Cold just spat on Ayeka and is now stomping on her! 
Poor Sasami, I feel so bad for her up against all these big strong 
people.

CLAY: Yeah, expecially when she grabs Austin's shirt and asks him to 
stop stomping her sister!

TAZZ: Oh my god, I tore his arm off.

CHRISTIAN: God save the queen! 

POTTER: Huh?

KING: Oh man Stone Cold turned around and hit Sasami with a beer 
bottle!

J.R.: Yeah she dropped so fast I don't think Stone Cold knew she was 
even there.

POTTER: Who said god save the.

CLAY: Uh oh, Harry just got stabbed by Ryoko! But wait, what's he 
pulling out of his pocket, oh no it's Ron's potion!

UNDERTAKER: The American Bad-ass has arrived!

ROCK: If you smell what the Rock is cooking!

RIKISHI: Yeah.

RVD: Hey man, it's always cool when you're Rob Van Dam!

TENCHI: Oh no. That's not good.

RIKISHI: What? We're on your team.

ROCK: Uh, no we're not.

RIKISHI: Oh, well prepare to die!

RYOKO: This is too cool!

SCOTTY 2 HOTTY: It's a free for all now.

TEST: You said it.

ALBERT: Hip Hop Hippo, lame man.

STOP!

POTTER: Would you all get out of here?

WWF SUPERSTARS: NO!

POTTER: Later. Much. Bloody wiggers.

Second Potter steps out the door he's ambushed by OJ Simpson and 
Leprechauns. 

MIHOSHI: Hey, Rock want to be on my team!

ROCK: Hmm let me think. NO!

YAK: Oh look the Rock Bottom!

CLAY: This fight is to what, the death?

J.R.: Are you kidding we would get sued to the ground?

YAK: I know all about it.

KING: Look up on the turnbuckle, hey wait where did that ring come 
from?

TAZZ: Don't look at me.

BIG SHOW: Come here!

YAK: He's going for the Show stopper off the turnbuckle!

CLAY: And who's the victim?

KIYONE: Help me!

J.R.: Uh oh.

WHAM!

EARL HEBNER: She's out! Cold that is!

STONE COLD: You pansy tulip sniffing little candy ass!

TENCHI: Oh crap.

KING: Stunner! But wait he's still conscious?

TAZZ: Look The Rock punches! He's layin' the Smackdown!

CLAY: And look Ryoko just smacked Ayeka over the turnbuckle.

ROCK: Well, thanks.

Rock holds his hand out and Ryoko takes it.

YAK: Uh oh. 

J.R.: Rock Bottom once again! He's going for the pin but she sends him 
flying with an energy shield!

KING: The Big Show is going for the Show Stopper on Mihoshi, but Washu 
comes to her aid and runs at him with a flying lariat!

TAZZ: What now? Hey wait I see the fire, and here comes the Big Red 
Machine!

KANE: .

D'VON: C'mon Buh Buh let's go for the 3-D! 

J.R.: And here comes Edge with a nice spear to Buh Buh Ray to start 
things off!

UNDERTAKER: You now belong to Deadman Inc. Now get out of my yard!

WHAM! 

MIHOSHI: Ow.

HEBNER: 8,9,10 she's out!

AYEKA: This madness has gone far enough! Lighthawk wings!

STONE COLD: What in hell's name is the light hawk wings?

BRADSHAW: Who cares? 

KING: Wow Bradshaw and Farooq just gave Ayeka a double closeline from 
hell knocking her out cold!

RYOKO: Your mine. 

RVD: Huh?

YAK: RVD is grabbed from behind and Ryoko gives him the German Suplex! 
But wait, RVD kicked out and, what he gave Ryoko a chair?

CLAY: Oh c'mon don't you watch wrestling? 

YAK: No, I'm too busy dealing with our lawsuits!

J.R.: Van Daminator!

TAZZ: Oh and Ryoko just got her face busted open by RVD! 

RVD: Here, have a nice T-shirt to go with that hat.

RVD throws the Whole Dam Show T-shirt on Ryoko's face then tosses her 
out of the ring!

KING: Oh and look RVD follows her when Kurt Angle closelines him from 
behind!

J.R.: Oh but look Y2J hit Kurt Angle with the Lionsault! 

AUSTIN: Hey It's you! 

TAZZ: Oh no Austin just knocked him out of the ring!

YAK: But wait it's not over yet Booker T is running at Austin!

BOOKER: Can you dig it sucka'?

CLAY: Look at that! Booker T is stopped in his tracks by the Stunner!

HEBNER: He's out, and so is the first quarter!

REMAINING FIGHTERS:

The Rock, Stone Cold, Y2J, RVD, Rikishi, Bradshaw, Farooq, Undertaker, 
Kane, Edge, Tenchi, Sasami, Washu, The Dudleys, Big Show, Test, Albert, 
Scotty 2 Hotty, and Harry Potter.

YAK: Harry? I thought he left.

CLAY: Well, he did, but no one in the fight ever beat him, so 
technically he's still in.

KING: Hello, I'm here with a few of the fighters who have been 
eliminated. First is Ryoko, do you think you can talk?

RYOKO: Yeah, I can talk. What do you want?

KING: Well you got busted open by RVD and your out of the fight by 
knockout. What do you have to say?

RYOKO: I got the Van Daminator! It was so cool, I got my nose broken on 
public TV! Well, I'm always rooting for Tenchi, but I do hope it comes 
down to the really good wrestlers.

AYEKA: This is not a fight, it's a street brawl! I demand a real duel 
with that awful APA!

KING: Oh, hey let's have an intermission grudge time!

Meanwhile.

POTTER: Gee, thanks for getting me out of that ho-house.

OJ: Well, I don't think I want to leave if it was a ho-house.

POTTER: Okay, here's the plan, once it comes down to the last few 
people then we.

CENSORED 

J.R.: Well here we are with the first grudge match! This one has got 
Ayeka vs. The Acolytes.

CLAY: You said it Jim, this should be fun to watch.

YAK: Short and sweet.

AYEKA: You dirty earthlings cost me the victory! Now I will not have 
Tenchi!

FAROOQ: We're fightin' over Tenchi? Man I'm out of here.

BRADSHAW: Yeah me too.

Bradshaw and Farooq walk towards the rope, but are burned by the energy 
shield.

FAROOQ: Oh c'mon lady we don't want Tenchi.

BRADSHAW: We would have been drinking and playing cards right now if we 
had known that.

AYEKA: Oh boys.

Ayeka zaps the APA's beer and card table.

ACOLYTES (Bradshaw and Farooq, or APA): Let's kick her ass!

AYEKA: Oh no.

YAK: Oh Bradshaw goes for the Fall away slam!

CLAY: And there goes Farooq jumping off the turnbuckle spraying beer 
all over the ring.

J.R.: Oh geez. Well just goes to show, don't mess with the APA's beer!

KING: Next match is Ryoko vs. RVD!

YAK: And here comes RVD!

RVD: Yep, It's me.

CLAY: And now here she is, Ryoko!

RYOKO: Yeah!

J.R.: The two competitors are circling each other. RVD looks like he's 
ready to pounce, but it looks like Ryoko is ready for him.

KING: Hey what the hell is that?

YAK: What was what?

CLAY: That cloaked figure in the shadows.

To be continued
