Renraw Muyo part 1-First Bell


by Chibi Ryoko Hakubi

disclaimer:i don't own tenchi muyo .hell ,i don't own any anime companies i
wish i did but i don't so lets get on with the fic okay, the Casumi in this
story is not Kasumi from ranma I made his character up.And the Serena in
this story is not the Serena from sailormoon this one was created by Tori S.
Sparkle is Zenaida M.'S property Neon is Melissa O.'s

Tihoshi is Tiffany O's

Sasami was bored <nothing for a 14 oops I mean 714 year old to do>.She would
go visit Washu but she didn't want to risk getting experimented on.

***BOOM***

''WASHU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!''

<Washu's blown something up,I better check it out>

Sasami ran from the steps of the shrine to the Masaki house, once she was
inside the house she went to Washu's lab, she saw that Washu had laid out
clothing for all the girls except Mihoshi and Kiyone.

''Whats the meaning of this,Miss Washu?''asked Ayeka . ''I thought it was
about time that you all went to an earth school''Washu said with an air of
importance.''Oh cool'' exclaimed Sasami.''Mom, why do we have to go to
school?''whined Ryoko.''Because,Dear daughter,you three want to win Tenchi's
heart,but he won't leave earth,so you all must learn to live on earth by
supporting yourselves until Tench decides to marry one of you,and even if he
doesn't choose one of you,you will still know how to live on earth''Washu
explained

''But Miss Was-'' ''Call me Little Washu'' she whined.''Little Washu,I know
that I could become a normal girl without going to school''began Ayeka but
Washu cut her off' ''Azusa gave me permision to send you and Sasami to
school'' ''Oh''

Ryoko couldn't wait to go to school because she knew that she would be in
Tenchi's classes,atleast she hoped so<I can win Tenchi>

''Lets check if these school uniforms fit'' said Washu handing each of them
a pink dress.

''Mommy, this is not my color''Ryoko held the dress up to herself. ''Too bad
Ginkoneko-chan you have to wear it''Washu turned around to see what Sasami
looked like in her dress.

<whoa I look beautiful>Sasami admired herself in the mirror<I'm so glad that
Washu turned my age to look 14 because I really want to be with everyone
else without being told that I'm too young>

''Okay you guys get dressed''Washu said and clapped her hands to get their
attention.

Ryoko gathered up her clothes and went phased into her uniform but forgot to
put something on. She picked up one of the objects and

held it in front of her. "What's this?"

"You don't know what a bra is?" Washu asked incredulously. "No wonder

your breasts are sagging!"

"THEY ARE NOT!"

*****The next week*****

Tenchi couldn't help but smile as Ryoko twirled beside him, almost flying
,she was so happy. He frowned. She WAS flying. "Ryoko," he said
warningly,"you're doing it again."

"Oops," Ryoko said, and dropped to the ground. They walked on for a few
minutes, and then she tripped and fell.

''This is intolerable Ryoko,if someone were too see you flying then Tenchi
would be labled as a freak''Ayeka began''Gee thanks''muttered Tenchi.Ayeka
continued''And you can't even seem to walk right,why don't you just stay
home Ryoko''

''Because,prissy princess,I want to learn,I want to be normal,but
mostly.....I want to .........GET ON YOUR NERVES AND WIN TENCHI
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!!!!''

<Oh no, why can't Ayeka and Ryoko leave Tenchi alone>Sasami thought

***

''Girls, please, don't fight over me at school because we have to live there
and I don't want to feel like we're back home again''

''OK''

<I won't fight over you>thought Sasami

***

Soon enough ,Sasami,Ryoko and Ayeka were at the secretary's desk handing
over their transcripts that Washu forged for them last night.''Okay now we
must have you take the placement exams''the secretary said.Then the
secretary glanced at Tenchi.''Mr.Masaki get to class''she said, Tenchi
looked at his watch and looked down the hall and ran like hell to his first
class.Sasami giggled.<teehee>

***

Ryoko, Ayeka, and Sasami were seated and Mr.Donitsu handed them their exams.

<This is too easy>thought Ryoko looking at the test,when she was born Washu
had put a large amount of knowledge into her head.She glanced at Ayeka,she
was chewing on her pencil.Sasami was doing as well as possible.

***

Later on inside the vice-principal's office, a frantic conversation was
going on. The tester was having a nervous breakdown, having never seen
scores like Ryoko's before. "She solved every single one of the mathematics,
chemisty, and physics questions Mr.Donitsu! Even the ones that were well
into college level!"The tester opened up the booklet and showed him her
work. "Look at this one.It takes most students twenty minutes, and usually
requires at least two extra sheets." He pointed to the lone number on the
page. "She just wrote down the answer! No work, no calculations, she just
knew it!"

"So then she was cheating."

"That's what I thought, until I noticed that on some of the questions, her
answers differed from the ones in the book. The answers in the book were
wrong, and HERS were correct! She's a genius!"

So Ryoko was made a 12th grader with Ayeka and they were in the same class
with Tenchi.Sasami was made a 9th grader.

***

It was lunchtime and Ryoko and Ayeka headed to the cafeteria,While Sasami
went to meet some of the other 9th graders and ate with them.

Ryoko opened the cafe doors Before she knew it, she found herself surrounded
by some anxious boys.

"Hi! I'm Ayeka "Ayeka said,thinking that the boys were interested in her

"What's your name?"a boy asked Ryoko,and Ayeka was taken aback

"Do you have a boyfriend?"

"Ah...uh" Ryoko stammered. She had no idea what to do. Normally she would
have just killed these jerks, but she didn't want to make a scene "Um..."

"What's your sign?"

"What are your measurements?"

"You free Saturday night?"

Then Ryoko had snapped,''ALRIGHT BACK OFF I'M TAKEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!''

The crowd seperated,''Nice going Ryoko''Ayeka whispered,actually meaning it.
''Thanx''Ryoko said .''I'm going to find some upperclass people''Ayeka said
and walked over to a bunch of snobby looking girls so Ryoko had to sit
alone.''Hello''said a girl with blue hair and hazel eyes ''hi''chorused two
other girls one with blond hair and blue eyes and the other had black hair
and black eyes.''HI!!!!!!!!!!!''exclaimed a girl with light brown skin
unlike the others,and green hair and golden eyes that looked purple if you
look at them from an angle and a darker skinned red head with brown
eyes.''Hello I'm Ryoko.Who are you guys?''Ryoko asked.The green haired one
spoke up.''I'm Princess Syiancasumi Barton,just call me Casumi.Thats Sparkle
she's a princess too,those other two are Serena and Neon and thats Tihoshi.

Casumi pointed at the other girls.<Great more royalty>Ryoko thought

<*don't be like that,I'm not snobby like other princesses*>Casumi's voice
filled Ryoko's head

''Hey,you read my mind!''Ryoko said shocked ''Yeah its a habit''said Casumi
nonchalantly.''Do you know that purple haired brat over there?''asked
Sparkle jerking her finger at Ayeka.

''She's a bitch''

''Yeah, I know,there was a government meeting and all the royals had to go
and Ms.Purple over there was claiming that SHE was a model
princess.''Sparkle spat,remembering the moment.''How can she be a model
princess if she can't even get a boyfriend or rule her kingdom!''

Ryoko smirked. Casumi tried to get the conversation off Ayeka.''Do you want
to sit with us''she asked



"Well, I was waiting for someone," she began, but then Washu's words about

friends flashed through her head, ***

"Friends?" Ryoko had said, dumbfounded, as she dressed. "What do I need
friends

for?"

Washu sighed breathily. "You can't go through life alone. Tenchi has

friends, and classmates, and people who were part of his life long before we

showed up. Did you ever think he may have had a girlfriend?" She noticed the

miserable look on Ryoko's face, and quickly corrected himself. "I doubt he

did though, Tenchi's a little clumsy around girls."

"I still don't get it."

*I keep on forgetting how sheltered she really is,* Washu thought to

herself. "Look, Ryoko, a friend is someone you can count on to help you when

you need it, and who you help when they need it." A moment of revelation

brought her the answer. "Like Sasami, but someone your own...age, as it

were. Girls who you can talk to about clothing, and your hobbies, and..."

she chuckled, "...boys."

"Boys?" Ryoko repeated.

"MM-HMM," Washu said with a conspiratorial grin. "Who else to teach you how
to

snare Tenchi than other Earth girls?"

***

and she decided it was worth a try. "But

as long as I can keep an eye out for him, I'd be glad to!"

"Him?" Sparkle echoed with a knowing smile as they moved to sit under a
tree.

"Who's 'him'?"

Ryoko got a slightly dreamy look. "Tenchi."

The three girls looked at her in surprise. "Tenchi MASAKI?"

"Yep," Ryoko responded. "Do you know him?"

"He was in our class at our old school and in our class at this one as

well," Neon responded. "But he was always such a quiet type, since he spent

so much time at his grandfather's shrine."

Casumi giggled. "He's always so nervous around the girls in class! Remember

when the our class went to the beach that one time?"

Sparkle frowned in concentration, and then joined Casumi in giggling. "Oh
yeah,

when Lou 'lost' her bikini top, and Tenchi fainted."

<Tenchi who is Tenchi*dark hair*OH YEAH >Serena looked at Ryoko'' What do
you see in him?''she asked

<What do I see in Tenchi?>Ryoko asked herself then replied in a state that
proved she was reminicing''Well......he's sweet and kind and strong but
gentle and he's so cute and he's saved my life so many times...I love him.''

,<

Sparkle sighed knowingly''I know what true love is<Jonathan>'',

''Yeah<Kamron>''Casumi dreamily said.

''HELLO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!''cried Serena

''SNAP OUT OF IT!!''yelled Neon to the three other girls

''Hey just cause you've never-''said Sparkle

''Been in love doesn't mean-'' continued Casumi

''That you can yell at us!''finished Sparkle.

Ryoko giggled<friends,I wish I had these girls for friends>*grumble*
Everyone looked at Ryoko

''I guess I'm hungry*grumble*''she said. ''Mmm....food.''cried Tihoshi and
she began running back inside to the cafeteria

''Lead the way!''Ryoko ran to catch up.Once they made it in the lunch
room,Ryoko saw Tenchi.



''Hey Ryoko''called Tenchi waving to her.Ryoko walked over to him''Hi Tenchi
I'm in your class and Ayeka is in the class with you too'' ''Thats great now
I can make sure you don't blow anything up''then Tenchi looked at Ryoko's
face

''I didn't just say that aloud did I?''Tenchi nervously asked.Ryoko
nodded.''I'm sorry Ryoko-chan gomen I didn't mean it''

Ryoko let it slide.''Okay,I'm gonna go eat with my friends'' Ryoko started
walking away.She felt an arm tug at her.





''What?!''she asked

''Wait,you have to eat lunch where I can see you''

''Tenchi,I am not a child I can eat where I want''Ryoko stated defiantly

,<Here she is, making friends, and I'm being a jerk and making it difficult
for her> Tenchi

sighed, and decided to stop his resistance.

''Okay, see ya''He said and went over to join his friends.

The girls got their lunch and ate and talked.Just then, the first bell rang,
and the six girls had to run into the

school. Ryoko caught a snippet of conversation as she ran.

"Luna tells me she feels weird energy from those girls," some girl with

two long blonde ponytails said to her tall brown haired companion.

"Luna's felt weird energy from practically everybody at this school!"

***

"Ah,Ms.Jurai,Ms.Hakubi" the teacher said. "As I told the others at the
beginning

of the day, I am Kyoti Shin, your homeroom and algebra teacher. Although,"

he chuckled, looking at the papers in front of him, "it seems that Ryoko
could

teach algebra herself." He turned to look at the classroom. "Now, to find

you a seat..."

Several of the young men in the class loudy made their suggestions for where

Ryoko could sit, and the theacher glared at them. "Kiddies," he drawled,

"control your hormones." Several of the girls in the class giggled. He

pointed to a seat that was in a predominantly female section of the class.

''Ryoko,you can sit between Tihoshi and Sparkle ,Ayeka you can sit by Neon''

Neon's mood went from happy to sad<why do I have to sit by the bitch of
purple>''WAHHH''

*******

''Ryoko,answer the problem on the board''said Mr.Shin

"The odds are 2783 to 1, Kyouju-sensei," she said immediately.

He blinked in surprise. "That's correct," he responded after glancing down

at his key. "Would you like to show us how you calculated that?"

Ryoko looked blankly at him, and felt herself begin to sweat. "Umm...I don't

know?" At the teacher's irritated look, she began to blush a little. "The

answer just sort of...comes to me."

"I see," Shin sighed. "That's what they meant," he muttered, and turned to

the board. "Well, then, pay attention Hakubi, so you can figure out HOW

we get the answer." He turned back to the board and began to write. Ryoko

focussed her attention on the board.

***

At Konton High, gym period was the last class of the day for Seniors.

Tihoshi laughed at Ryoko's shocked reaction to the gym uniform. "It's a
little

hoochi, isn't it?"

"And Ayeka has the nerve to call my normal clothing indecent!" She held up

the much-too-small piece of fabric that was the shorts. "I have sashes with

more material than this!" She paused and considered how it would look on

her. "I LIKE IT!" she declared loudly to her new friends' obvious amusement.

"I'll have to get some more. If I wear these around the house, Ayeka won't

have a chance!"



"Tee hee hee," the universe said, but no one was listening, so it might

as well have been silent.







***

The men of the Senior class were busy doing laps around the race track

behind the school. Tenchi discovered his two old friends flanking him as

they ran.

"So, Tenchi," a tall, gangly young man with short messy hair said, "I

take it you know the new cute girl...what's her name, Dante?"

The reasonably handsome guy

panted "Ryoko."

"That's it," the Dustin said. "So what's the story?"

"um..." Tenchi sighed. No matter how he said this it was going to be taken

the absolutely worst way, he just knew it. "Dustin, she's boarding at

my house with her mother, OK?"

"She's boarding at your house?" they chorused.

Dustin grinned and pounded Tenchi on the back. "Way to go, Masaki! No

wonder we didn't hear from you all summer."

"It's not like that!" Tenchi yelled.

***

***

"Damn," Tenchi cursed to Dante and Dustin as they walked out the front

doors of the school. "Where did she go, anyway? All I did was turn my back

on her for a second."

"Keeps a close eye on her," Dante commented to Dustin.

"Seems to be worried about her," the tall, gangly young man returned.

Dustin grinned at Tenchi and lightly slapped him on the back. "Oooh, you've

got it BAD."

"Will you two shut up and help me look?" Tenchi snapped. *Please don't let

her get into trouble,* he prayed. *That's all I ask.*

***

''Hey,do you want to room with us?''Tihoshi asked Ryoko.

''Okay but Ayeka has to room with us too''Ryoko replied,she had promised to
her mother that she wouldn't leave Ayeka alone and lonely.

''Thats fine with us''responded Sparkle as Casumi grinned evilly<thats just
fine>.

''I hate her I don't want her with us''Serena pouted.

''Too bad''Neon said,even though she shared the same feeling.

''Lets go to the mall!''Casumi cried out suddenly''this money is burning a
hole in my pocket''

Ryoko was amused by her friend's enthusiam.

''OH yeah Jonathan is meeting me there''

''okay lets go''



So they were off to the mall

*************

***

"OH my god," breathed Ryoko as she read the list of shops in the mall. "This

place has everything! I've got to find a good clothing store." The other

girls watched with mild amusement as she scanned the map, and Sparkle
giggled

softly.

"You'd think you've never seen a mall before, Ryoko"

"I haven't," Ryoko breathed, her attention on the map, not her companions.

"Where have you lived all your life?"Casumi demanded, an aghast tone in her

voice. "A cave?"

*No, only the latter 700 years,* Ryoko responded mentally, and smiled wryly.

"I was pretty isolated for the past," she paused as she did a quick mental

calculation, "fifteen or so years."

"That's criminal!" Serena declared. "That's got to be against some

international convention or something!" Neon and Tihoshi tried to hush her
as other

people in the mall began staring at them.

Uncomfortable under the many eyes that were on her, Ryoko tried to retaliate

by staring back. She noticed a very tall, handsome young man with a great

deal of prensence watching from a nearby vending machine. His face was the

essence of composure, but she could see that he was looking on with

amusement.

As if on cue, Sparkle let loose a resounding "JONATHAN!" and went bounding

towards the man, who took a step forward and swept up the much shorter girl

in an affectionate, if proper, embrace.

Numerous people in the mall turned away from the display of affection as
Sparkle kissed Jonathan."Four years they've been dating,"Serena said snidely
to Ryoko. "And she still blushes like that."

"If Tenchi greeted me like that," Ryoko added in Sparkle's defense, "I'd
blush too." *If Tenchi greeted me like that,* she mentally added, *I'd
suspect he'd been possessed."

Serena and Tihoshi were drinking their sodas while Sparkle sat in Jonathan's
lap.

"That's it," Tihoshi decided, and made patting motions with her hands. "You
guys, STAY HERE," she ordered, ''We're

are going to go look around for a while before the sugar around here rots my
teeth."





***

It had been a good afternoon, in Ryoko's opinion. In fact, it had been

beyond good. Words like fantastic, heavenly, and perfect came to her mind.

She had made FRIENDS. Real ones. She had pinched herself dozens to times

on the way home to convince herself it wasn't a dream, that she really had

met her friend's boyfriend (whom she had to admit was cute,< but nothing

compared to Tenchi>), that she really had spent hours in a department store

looking at clothes and chatting, that she really had the time of her life.

Ryoko made her way to the Masaki household to get her things so she and
Ayeka could move into the dorm(yes that high school has dorms but only for
the 12th graders).



''Hi everyone''she called happily.

''Hi Ryoko how was your day''Sasami chirped as Ryoko happily picked her up
and swung her around

and then put her down.''Tell me about your day first''Ryoko said

''Well I met these cute boys named Duo and Heero and
Gohan..................''



to be continued