The Disclaimer:
I do not own any of these characters, none of them! Pioneer and Tecmo
own them! So please don't sue me! Thanks!

WARNING!!
If you don't have the game "Dead or Alive 2",don't read this!! Thanks!!

by:Autumn Clonts

Return of Darkness

Chapter one: Ayane's Arrival

"Where did she go?!" Ryoko shouted angrily as she flew down the hall
way. She blasted a couple of things on her way."Where did she go with my
hair gel?!" "AYEKA!!!!!" Ryoko slammed Ayeka's bedroom door to the floor
with a crash.
"AYEKA!!!!!!Give me back my hair gel!!!!!!! Or else!!!!!!!" Ryoko cried
as loud as she possibly
could.There was a moment of silence. Ryoko looked aound for a moment to
check and see if anybody was looking, she then cried, "OR ELSE
THIS,FIRST CROWN PRINCESS OF JURAI!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" She stuck her hand up in
the air and an orange glow started to form.
"AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Ryoko cried as she powered up. She
waited until Ayeka saw her. She was sitting in the corner.It was pretty
dark in that lonesome corner. "WHATS WRONG PRINCESS???!!! CAT GOT YOUR
TONGUE???!!!" Ayeka opened her eyes. They seemed watery. She slowly
turned to face her. Ryoko's energy ball lowered its energy as she began
to slump and stare at Ayeka.Ayeka's hair looked just like Ryoko's,
but......purple. Ayeka put her hands around her  spickey  hair. Ryoko
burst out laughing, "HAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You look like a purple-haired porcipine!!!!!!!!!!!!!" "YOU,YOU, YOU GOT
ME INTO THIS MESS!!!!"Ayeka cried as she toyed with her hair.A fight
began....(duh)

Well,thats the first part. Hope you liked it. Please e-mail me for any
mistakes! I'm going to take a break....(phew)......


