Disclaimer:  All characters portrayed in this story are owned by their
respective creators and companies.  I don't own any of them.  Please don't
sue me.

This story takes place after volume 38 of the Ranma manga.  It draws ideas
from the TV and OAV of both series.  So, Kiyone is in this story.

This is a sequel to Sailor Moon R 1/2 and A Goddess's Kiss.  This is part
three of my crossover series, Life and Times.

C & C welcome.  Flames not.

A Ranma and Tenchi Muyo crossover

Ranma Muyo in Love!

By

Donny Cheng

 He's coming.  He's coming.  Ranma was coming.  Tenchi could not think of
anything else as he dirtied up his room a bit.  He couldn't have his room
looking too neat.  After finishing with his room he went downstairs to find
what else he could make a mess of.  Looking around, Tenchi could not hide
his horror.  The entire living room was clean.  Sasami was just too much of
a neatness freak.  What was worse, the aforementioned girl was now in the
kitchen cooking up a storm.  He would have to have a word with that girl.
Maybe he could get Ryoko to help him out.  She certainly had no trouble in
causing havoc everywhere she went.

   * * * * *

 Ranma paused in his trek up the stairs.  He looked around him in awe of
his surroundings.  Everything was just as he remembered it.  The temple had
not changed much in it's long history.

 <SNAP>

 The sound of a twig snapping alerted Ranma's attention.  His danger sense
warned him of an upcoming attack.  In a flash a figure leapt out of the
dense foliage around.  He was barely able to dodge the bokken that was
swung his way.  With a speed gained through training, Ranma managed to
evade the next flurry of strikes.  Steadily he cut the distance between him
and his attacker.  Once he was near enough, he quickly lets loose his
katchu tenshin amaguriken.  Amazingly, his opponent was fast enough to
dodge most of his punches and use the sword to block the rest.  Ranma's
hands hurt from all the times his fists connected with the bokken.  He let
his guard down smiled at his attacker.  "So, did I pass your test?"

 Yoshu smiled at the young martial artist.  "I almost had you that time.
Didn't your father and I always warn you to expect the unexpected?  You've
improved a lot in two years.  I see that you've learned something from my
lectures.  Lessen the distance advantage by getting close to a sword
wielding opponent."

 "I don't think that I should take all the credit.  I think age was a major
factor.  A touch of arthritis in the bones of an old man ain't that
uncommon."  Ranma taunted the older man.  Despite his own words, Ranma felt
his pride well up at the complement.  Tenchi's grandfather rarely awarded
praise to anyone.

 Yoshu bopped Ranma on the head affectionately.  "Old?  I'll have you know
that I was holding back.  Enough of this talk.  Tenchi is waiting for us
inside."  He led Ranma up the stairs to see his grandson.  Yes, Yoshu
thought.  Ranma had indeed improved very much.  Without even looking he
knew that there were a few dents on his sword from Ranma's attacks.

   * * * * *

 Ranma whistled in disbelief.  The house looked like it had been turned
upside down and shook a few times.  Tenchi and his father still lived like
slobs.  Ranma honestly didn't know how Tenchi could have survived without
him.  He felt his brotherly instincts start to kick in.  He unconsciously
started to pick up a few articles of scrap off the floor and put in them in
the garbage.  It was ironic in a way.  He would never do any cleaning
around the Tendo household and let any sign of unmanliness emerge.  However
with Tenchi, Ranma was more open in showing his caring side.

 "Ranma!"  Tenchi shouted out at seeing his cousin enter the house.  He ran
up and hugged Ranma.

 Ranma grinned as he hugged Tenchi back.  It was then that he felt six
pairs of female eyes staring at him and Tenchi.  Both him and Tenchi
quickly let go of each other.

 "It's not what you think!"  Both of them yell out simultaneously.

 Tenchi blushed embarrassingly as he looked at the girls that surrounded
the two boys.  "I guess I should introduce you to my distant cousin.  This
is Saotome Ranma.  Ranma, I would like you to meet Ryoko, Ayeka, Washu,
Sasami, Mishosi, and Kiyone."  Tenchi felt something rub against his leg.
"Oh!  And this is Ryo-ohki."  Uh oh!  Huge mistake.  Tenchi quickly
realized that the cute cabbit looked like a cat to some people.

 "Arrrgh!"  Without second glance, Ranma was out the door.

 The girls stared at the fleeing boy in wonder.  Ayeka was the first to
speak.  "Well, how do you like that?  That was very impolite.  It's not
like we have horns growing out of our heads."

 Tenchi looked at the cabbit in horror.  "No!  No!  You don't understand.
Ranma is extremely afraid of cats.  Apparently Ryo-ohki resembles enough of
one to activate his phobia.  I can't have him leave just when he got here.
I've got to go after him.  You girls have to keep Ryo-ohki hidden when I
bring Ranma back here."  Tenchi immediately ran after his cousin.

   * * * * *

 The girls sat around in the living room waiting for Tenchi to return.
Sasami was pouting.  "I can't believe that Tenchi wants us to hide
Ryo-ohki.  How important could Ranma be?  We have to dirty the house and
hide Ryo-ohki just for him?

 Tenchi's father, Nobuyuki, looked at Sasami sadly.  "Actually, Ranma is
very important to Tenchi.  I suspect that the same is true for Ranma of
Tenchi.  You see, Ranma started training in art of fighting at a very young
age.  He grew up very isolated.  Meanwhile, Tenchi always spent his summer
and most of his holidays at the temple.  While Tenchi has many school
friends, none of them are very close due to the small amount of time he
spends with them.  Ranma's father, Genma, is a cousin of mine, making Ranma
and Tenchi distant cousins.  Genma is not known for having money so they
end up staying with us whenever they are in the neighborhood.  Ranma and
Tenchi practically grew up with each other and they think of each other as
a brother.  Ranma is very protective of Tenchi for some reason.  This is
the reason that Tenchi makes our house look like it's a wreck.  I think my
son secretly believes that Ranma wouldn't visit him anymore if he thought
that Tenchi could take care of himself."

 "Actually, I think that I might know the reason."  Ryoko's face actually
looked thoughtful as she remembered what happened all those years ago.

   * * * * *

**flashback**

 Tenchi was drawn to the cave.  His grandfather told him repeatedly that a
monster lived within.  Despite this, Tenchi continued to go near the cave
and play by it every chance he got.

 A small boy wearing a white gi ran up to Tenchi.  "What are you doing here
Tenchi?"

 "Oh nothing.  I just like to hang around here.  I feel like someone is
watching me."

 Ranma look around himself.  "You know what?  I do too.  It's like there
are eyes in the air."

 Tenchi giggled at the thought of eyes hovering around him.  "Anyway, what
do you want to do?  I'm bored."

 Ranma scrunched up his eyes.  Apparently he was deep in thought.  All of a
sudden he leapt at Tenchi and wrestled him to the ground.  "Tag!  You're
it."

 Tenchi was indignant as he got up.  "Hey!  No fair.  I get a redo."

 "Nyaa!  Nyaa!  You can't catch me!"  Ranma stuck out his tongue and ran
off with Tenchi in pursuit.

 Ryoko laughed her head off from her position in the air.  That little boy,
Tenchi, had come again.  This time he brought a friend with him.  Both boys
were just so cute that she wanted to cuddle them both up.

   * * * * *

 "Why!  Why!  Why!"  Ranma cried out.  "Why did this have to happen to
Tenchi?"

 Ryoko looked at the young boy sadly.  She had seen everything.  Tenchi had
come up to the cave when he heard the news of his mother's death.  Shortly
after Ranma had come and offered a shoulder for Tenchi to cry on.  Tenchi
was then brought back to the house when he tired out.  Ranma stayed behind
to curse Tenchi's ill luck.

 Ranma clenched his fist in anger.  He did not want to ever see Tenchi in
such a state again.  "As long as I'm here, Tenchi will always have someone
to take care of him."

 Ryoko heard Ranma's oath and nodded in agreement.

**end flashback**

   * * * * *

 Ayeka was clearly moved as Ryoko finished her story.  "Tenchi-sama has had
such a hard life.  It's amazing that someone like you could tell such a
story."

 Ryoko glared daggers at Ayeka.  "What in the hell is that supposed to
mean?"  Both girls immediately started bickering.

 Sasami sighed to herself.  Those two will never change.  In her heart, she
knew that both girls meant well and arguing was their only way of
complimenting each other.  Sasami looked at Ryo-ohki.  "I'm sorry.  You're
going to have to hide outside when Tenchi brings Ranma back."

 Ryo-ohki nodded sadly in understanding.  She liked making new friends and
it didn't look like she would this time.

 Mihoshi was bawling her eyes out after hearing Ryoko's story.  "That was
so sad."  She hugged Kiyone in comfort.

 "There, there.  Don't cry, Mihoshi."  Kiyone tried to comfort Mishoshi.
In truth, she was trying to make Mishoshi loosen her death grip.  "It looks
like we've got to leave.  Mihoshi is acting up again.  Besides, we're late
for patrols."  Kiyone tried to do her best to drag Mishoshi to their ship.

 Washu looked thoughtfully at her computer.  The sensors she placed all
around the temple area had been blazing ever since Ranma had stepped in.
There was something very strange about the boy.  The computer calculated
out that Ranma had emitted energy readings above that of a normal human by
a hundred fold when he saw the cabbit.  Also, Ranma happened to be running
at a hundred kilometers per hour at the time.  He was not a normal human.
Washu's eyes twinkled at the thought of having another guinea pig.

   * * * * *

 Ranma rubbed the back of his head sheepishly as he and Tenchi walked back
to the temple.  "I guess I overreacted a bit there."  He shuddered as he
remembered the cat-like creature.

 "Don't worry about it.  I should have remembered about your fear of cats.
I told the girls to hide Ryo-ohki, so you don't have to worry."

 Ranma grimaced.  He hated to be reminded of his weakness and of girls.  He
came on this vacation not to only visit Tenchi, but to get away from his
four suitors.  However, looking at those girls with Tenchi brought a smile
to his face.  "So, who were those girls at your house?  They don't look
like any of our relatives, so they must be your girl friends.

 "Uh..."  Tenchi did not know what to say.  Ranma would never believe it if
he said that they were all intergalactic star travelers from different
planets.  Besides, it wasn't exactly true that they weren't his 'girl
friends'.  Nearly each girl had made a pass at him more that a few times.

 Ranma took Tenchi's lack of response for an affirmative.  He also took
note of Tenchis's exasperated sigh.  "I guess with so many girls after you
they tend fight a lot.  I think this problem with women runs in the
family."

 Tenchi stared incredulously at Ranma.  "You mean, you too!?"

 Ranma nodded.  "Four, maybe more."

 Both teens sank their heads in despair with one thought on their minds.
WHY ME!?

    * * * * *

 Ranma breathed a sigh of relief as he entered the room.  No sign of the
cabbit anywhere.  "So, Tenchi, have you made plans for dinner yet?  Is your
dad cooking again?"  Ranma made a face.  He could never stand his father
and Tenchi's father's cooking.

 Actually, it was Sasami that usually did the cooking these days.  However,
Tenchi had specifically asked her not to plan anything for dinner tonight.
"No, we haven't made dinner yet."

 "Then I'll have to help with dinner tonight."  Ranma grumbled as if he did
not like the idea at all.

 Who did he think he was?  Ayeka thought to herself.  Complaining about
this and that.  It was then that she caught a ghost of a smile forming on
Ranma's lips.  His eyes seemed to shine.  Looking at him now, Ayeka could
tell he was looking forward to cooking very much.  Maybe she misjudged him.

 Ranma brightened.  Though he almost never did any cooking at the Tendo
Dojo, he still enjoyed it very much.  With Akane waiting to call him
pervert at the slightest move, cooking just wasn't worth it.  It was almost
impossible to cook food everybody loved and not like cooking at the same
time.  Ranma did all of the cooking for his father during their ten-year
training trip.  He also did most of the cooking when he usually visited
Tenchi.  He wanted to make sure his cousin ate right once in a while.  "But
before we eat, how about a little sparring practice, Tenchi?"

 Washu smiled as she heard this.  This was a chance for her to scan both
Ranma and Tenchi for information.

   * * * * *

 "Why are they doing this?  It's obvious that Tenchi will win.  So what if
he can't summon the Wings of Light Hawk unless there's a strong enough
threat.  His Tenchi-ken should still make him one of the best fighters on
this backwater planet."  Ryoko looked at the two fighters with a bored
expression.

 For once, Ayeka agreed with Ryoko.  "Jurai's fighting techniques have
thousands of years of history behind them.  There is no way that this could
be an even match."

 Yoshu looked at them with a smile.  "This so called backwater planet also
has much history in it's fighting techniques.  In fact, this planet has the
record of being one of the planets with the most battles in such a short
span of time.  They've had a lot of chance to perfect the art of fighting.
Do not take Ranma lightly.  He has trained since he was but a child.  He is
probably among the top ten in the world when it comes to fighting."

 Everyone quieted down as the match began.  What happened caught everyone
by surprise.  Ranma moved so fast that he seemed to blur from sight.
Tenchi had hard enough time trying to even touch him.

 "Their battles always have Tenchi end up trying to just touch Ranma."
Yoshu explained to the dumbstruck girls.  However, Yoshu himself was
surprised at Ranma's speed.  His speed was not as fast as this a little
over a year ago.  It was like Ranma was a totally different person.  He
must have had hundreds of fights to get this good so fast.

 In the end, both boys got tired of the monotony of the fight.  They ended
up wrestling each other to the ground and going into an all out brawl.
After they had seriously caused a few bruises to each other they both got
up and grinned.

 Yoshu shook his head in exasperation.  "Of course, the end of their
battles are also always the same.  They end up beating each other up.
Boys.  Who can understand them?"  He got up to and left for the house in
disgust.  The girls paused to give the boys an appreciative glance before
going in themselves.

 Washu stayed behind staring at her computer.  A normal earthling could
take on a person trained by Yoshu and win?  How was this possible?  Yoshu
was probably the best user of the Tenchi-ken in the universe.  True, Tenchi
had not used his full power.  At his full power, he could resist the pull
of a black hole, destroy star ships, and defeat power hungry villains by
the likes of Kagato.  However, he shouldn't need to use that sort of power
against a human.  It was getting most interesting.

   * * * * *

 "So, you're going to help me cook?"  Ranma asked the little girl.  That
was sweet of her.

 "I like helping out with dinner.  Tenchi and his father don't cook very
well."  Sasami made face at the very thought.

 Ranma nodded in understanding.  "That's why I always try to cook when I
visit Tenchi.  I've been cooking for him for a long time."  Ranma paused as
he remembered the night he started this habit.

 Looking at Ranma's sad face, Sasami could tell that he was thinking of the
past and probably of Tenchi's mother.  Ranma sure cared about Tenchi.
Sasami didn't like to see anyone sad.  It was best that she try to get his
mind on something else.  "Why don't we start with the salad first?"

 Ranma shook his head as if the forget the painful memories.  "That's a
great place to start.  Hey Sasami, watch this."  He gathered a pile of
vegetables in his arms and threw them all up into the air.  He then grabbed
a knife and swiped a few times at the falling vegetables.  In the next
moment, they all fell down in a neat arrangement on the salad bowl.

 "Wow!"  Sasami couldn't believe her eyes.  Ranma was very good.

 "It was nothing."  Ranma replied modestly.  "Why don't you toss the
salad?  I'll see what we have in the fridge that we can use for tonight's
dinner."

 "Okay!"  Sasami was enthusiastic.  She wanted to see what else Ranma could
do.

   * * * * *

 "Ta da!"  Ranma presented dramatically at the food.

 "It looks good Ranma."  Tenchi said as he looked over the offerings.

 "Well I did have this cute little helper with me.  She did all of the real
work."  Ranma nodded at Sasami.

 Sasami blushed red.  Ranma could be such a tease.

 "Look at all the food!"  Ryoko exclaimed as she materialized out of
nowhere and floated to her seat.

 Everybody froze.

 Ranma was the first to speak.  "Did she just come out of nowhere and fly
to the table?"

 "Y-yes."  Tenchi stammered out.

 "Cool.  Is that some sort of martial arts move you could teach me how to
do?"

 Tenchi stared at his cousin.  Ranma hadn't fazed out at all by Ryoko's
actions.  He guessed that Ranma was more opened minded to new experiences
than he thought.

 It was then that Washu came storming through.  She came to stop in front
of Ranma and stared at him intently with some sort of glasses.  "I can't
understand it.  My computer says that there's an anomaly around you, yet I
can't find anything.  Wait a minute, my glasses are picking up something.
I've found it!"  Without a second word she picked up glass of water from
the dinner table and splashed Ranma.  "Aha!  I am the greatest genius in
the universe.  You can't hide anything from me.  Hahaha!"

 Everybody else just stared at the drenched and now very female Ranma.

 "I can explain.  Sorry about this."  Ranma looked at Tenchi and his
friends embarrassingly.

   * * * * *

 What a day, Ranma thought, as he plopped himself on the bed of the room
Tenchi had assigned him.  After he told the others of his curse, Tenchi had
told him about the story of how all the girls came live there.  Two
princesses, two galactic police, a space pirate, a super genius, and a
shape-changing cabbit.  Almost all of them in some way or another in love
with Tenchi.  If Ranma hadn't had weird enough adventures and enough
suitors himself, he would never have believed any of it.  It looked like
Tenchi could take care of himself after all.  Though he was sad that he was
no longer needed, he was at the same time happy at Tenchi's increasing
independence.  That didn't mean that he wouldn't visit Tenchi anymore.  He
cared about his cousin and wished to be near him as much as possible.
Ranma went to sleep thinking of Tenchi.

   * * * * *

 Ryo-ohki stealthily crept towards Ranma's room.  She couldn't stand the
idea of someone hating her.  She had to make Ranma her friend.  It took two
tries for her to phase through to door to Ranma's room.  She smiled as she
looked at the sleeping face of Ranma.  With a leap she landed on his bed.

 "Arrgh!"

   * * * * *

 Tenchi woke up with a start.  What was that noise?  He heard a faint
meowing.  Oh, it's just Ryo-ohki.  He went back to sleep thinking of Ranma.

   * * * * *

 "Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow..."  Singing could be heard throughout the
night.  Strangely, only one of the two singers resembled anything like a
cat at all.

   * * * * *

Way in the future...

 "Stop!"  Tsunami shouted in her most authoritative voice.

 Ryoko continued on her way ignoring Tsunami.  She had more important
things to take care about.

 "You're going to see HIM again, aren't you!"  It was an accusation, not a
question.

 "So what if I am.  Ayeka is coming back from her gig as ambassador to
earth.  She going to expect a lot of attention from Tenchi and he will give
it to her.  I don't like seeing them getting close."  Ryoko then reached
the waiting Ryo-ohki.  "Are you ready?"

 Ryo-ohki nodded happily.

 Ryoko smiled.  "You remember his scent don't you?  Mother's already left
for earth.  Let's find Ranma before she does.  The last place Ranma was
spotted was at Neo-Tokyo."

 Ryo-ohki shape shifted into the spaceship with Ryoko getting on board.  In
a second they were both gone.

 Tsunami glared at the retreating spaceship.  Being a mistress to Tenchi
gave Ryoko and Washu more freedom than being his wife ever could.  Ryoko
did have a point though.  Her sister was going to be taking all of Tenchi's
time for the next little while.  Maybe a little distraction would make the
time go faster.  She then motioned to one of her personal guards.  "I want
you to put a warrant for the arrest of the earthling Saotome Ranma."

 Her guard tried his best to not give an exasperated sigh.  "What's the
charge this time your highness?"

 "Indecent exposure in front of royalty."

 "Do we have any proof."

 No, but I will when you bring him to my quarters, Tsunami thought wickedly
to herself.

   * * * * *

The End. (maybe)

