~~~~~Notes~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
~~~~~~~~~
Here it is part three of Sasami's love I highly recommend that you read 
the first two parts first so get ready for here it is

Sasami's
Love
Part 3

	Once they finished their meal Sasami showed Trunks around the 
inside of the house. She showed him where to go and where not to go. 
Finally she got to his room he walked in looked around, " It's perfect 
thanks Sasami," he kissed her on the cheek. After all his stuff was 
moved in which took several trips home and back. " Uh.Trunks," " What 
is it um.lets see here oh yeah Washu. I mean Little Washu," Washu 
smiled, " That's right well, I need to do a checkup on you do you 
mind," " Why? Do you have to," " For your information, YES!" so Trunks 
followed her to the lab, " Now first you have to strip," now Trunks 
wasn't to pleased at this, " Ah. is .this some kind of a .a joke?" "No 
joke, now just do it," so he did he got on the little gizmos as she 
went away. She examined his muscles and saw they were different than 
normal, " Now this is odd your muscles are 92% larger than the average 
human why is that?" " Well uh can you keep this secret to yourself," 
"Sure," Washu smiled, " Well my dad was a saijin so he married my mom 
who was an earthling so that made me half saijin and half human," " 
And," " Well every thousand years it was said a Super Saijin was born 
it ended up proven wrong but I'm a Super Saijin." " Oh I see why don't 
you show me your Super Saijin form so I can study it," " Well uh ok," 
said Trunks, " but you have to let me off this thing." " Well I guess, 
alright you can," Trunks got off and balled his fists up tried to relax 
and let out a long yell of pain. First his body glowed than his hair 
rose and turned blond his arms expanded followed by his legs than his 
chest and he grew a little taller. Washu watched in awe, " Wow," 
immediately she started research. After five long hours he was 
released. Sasami ran up to him, " Are you alright we heard you scream 
and I got worried," " Yeah I'm ok," " Oh good," She hugged him and this 
time he let her tongue explore his mouth she closed her eyes and fell 
into a dream world, " Oh, Sasami," called Aeka called, " Where are you 
Sasami," she looked around she called again but Sasami didn't care she 
was not about to leave this position so early. " Sasami where are you I 
want to know right now I have to ask you a question huh what," Aeka saw 
them, " I guess I'll leave you two alone," she whispered. She thought 
oh how wonderful it would be when Tenchi and I get married and do that 
all the time. She collapsed on the couch in her dream world. At this 
time Rhyoko had woken up she walked down stairs to see Tenchi when she 
saw Sasami and Trunks making out right there. Wow I can't wait till 
Tenchi comes and scoops me up and does that to me she thought. She to 
fell on top of Aeka in her dreamland. Finally Sasami let go. " Thank 
you Trunks that brightened up my day," she smiled and hugged him 
tightly and went back to the kitchen to clean up. " Meow," Rhyo-oki 
said, " Your hungry um. oh great Tenchi's gone hmm I got it. Trunks 
could you go to the field and get some carrots?" " Sure be right back," 
he disappeared and reappeared in the field. He picked several carrots 
after getting forty-five he figured he had enough so he disappeared and 
reappeared at the house " Here you are what the what is that," " Oh her 
name is Rhyo-oki she's my pet and she loves carrots."	Sasami giggled. 
Rhyo-oki took one look at him then immediately the carrots and jumped 
for joy, " Meow meow meow," she pleaded she jumped in the basket and 
started nibbling. Five minutes later they were all gone Rhyo-oki looked 
up and meowed in happiness she jumped on Trunks' head and sat down. 
Trunks just sat down at the T.V. and watched a movie. Sasami finished 
came out and sat by Trunks and rested her head on his big solid chest. 
She ended up falling asleep Trunks softly kissed her on the Gemini (her 
forehead for those illiterate to the Pretty Sammy series) and fell 
asleep to. When he woke up Sasami was gone.





Notes
	Well there you have it part three sorry to leave you hanging like 
that actually I'm not sorry for it this makes you want to read the next 
part. < Trey leans back in his chair away from the keyboard (I'm Trey 
for all yall dumbos) and starts to do a really evil laugh, " 
MWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA,"> I hope the first to parts weren't to boring 
for comments and suggestions e-mail me at rosesfl@juno.com. Next part 
is coming soon, "thank you all and. wait some weird is coming over me I 
I've to say.. I. I'm. sorr.sorry for.for.for all. th.. The freakin off-
color at the. end. =C well that's all out till next time thanks good 
night peace out and God protect you." 
Notes


   	  
