~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ notes ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
		This story believe it or not started at a chat room at 
www.ttmp.com (the tenchi muyo project) This is a story of Sasami (duh) 
with a little twist.


Sasami's
   Love

	It all started one normal day at the Masaki's household (very 
hectic.) " BREAKFAST IS READY," yelled Sasami. Rhyoko was the first one 
there. She just gobbled her plate down got a second third then a fourth 
helping before anyone got there and she waited for Tenchi. " Oh hi 
Tenchi," " Hi Rhyoko," " Come over and sit by me Tenchi," " No Rhyoko I 
think that because Tenchi is from the loyal family of Jurai he should 
sit by me," " Oh is that so," said Rhyoko rising in the air. " Well I 
think your crappy little loyalty should eat this right up," with that 
Rhyoko shot a huge blast. " Azaka Kamadake," " Yes maam," " Protect me 
from this blast," " Will do Princess Aeka," a giant force field 
surrounded Aeka than. BBBBBOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMM!!!!! "Hahahahahaha 
looks like your out of tricks Rhyoko," said a laughing Aeka, " You 
think so than," " Yes I do because you cannot get through my force 
field," Rhyoko grabbed Tenchi and told him to make the light hawk wings 
of course he said, " No." Rhyoko rose up and drew her sword, " Aeka 
lets continue our fight," screamed Rhyoko she flew down at max speed 
and slung. Since the guardians had left Rhyoko wasn't stopped. There 
was a loud crack. Time froze and everything happened in very slow 
motion. Then you could hear a soft clank. "AAAAAHHHHHHHH," screamed 
Aeka, " you are dead now you have ridden me of what has taken my whole 
life to do you have cut my.." Aeka looked down at the chopped of two 
long purple ponytails wept and ran to Washu's lab. She banged on the 
door and ran in. "Oh well lets continue to eat." Said Rhyoko and they 
did.

	"Mom your right I'll go back and save a already peaceful time 
line from 17 and 18." " Well be careful than son." The young man 
entered a capsule rose up waved goodbye then vanished. " Yes take 
care."

	" I'm going to find my silly little cabbit she's run off again." 
" Ok Sasami," said Tenchi, " but stay safe" " Oh I will." So she left 
in search for her cabbit. " Where are you Rhyo-oki," yelled Sasami, " 
where are you?" She looked along a mountainside. She neared it looked 
around and something strange happened she tripped on a twig and fell 
down the mountainside which was at least 100 feet tall and at the 
bottom was rocks that if you had any guts left on the way down you'd be 
rid of what was left. " AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH HHHHHHEEEEELLLLLPPPPP." Upon 
hearing this, the young man who just finished his job turned and 
listened. Then he was positive where it came from he flew as fast as he 
could. Right at the last second he caught her. " Whew are you alright," 
Sasami was speechless, " hello anyone home in there," " Yes I'm." 
"You're what?" " I'm alright thank you for . saving me." "Oh no problem 
lets get you down." He lowered her down and she stood up, " So what's 
your name." "Well," "Well what," " I sort of can't tell you," " Why 
not," " I can't tell you that either," " You're not making since why 
can't you," " I can't tell you that either." He said, " I'm sorry," " 
So you save me then I ask you're name and you won't tell me is it cause 
you have a girl friend because you won't have one if you act like 
that." " No I don't," the young man blushed. " Well, then at least take 
this for a thank you." She got on her tiptoes and gave him a short but 
sweet kiss. Right when she drew back he said, " My name is Trunks I 
came from the future that's why I couldn't answer your question," " Oh 
well my name's Sasami." " That's a cute name," " Well, it takes one to 
know one," " Trunks blushed. " Are you serious about never having a 
girl friend?" " Yes," " Well I've never had a relationship myself." 
Trunks slowly leaned over and with all the love, passion, warmness, 
feeling, and care he kissed her they floated in the air in the middle 
of the kiss and Trunks flew her around.

		

Notes

	How did you like the first part of my story this is the second 
fan fic I've ever made if you have any questions comments email me at 
rosesfl@juno.com. Part two is coming shortly and I mean shortly.
 		                    			

	

