LEGENDS:
PROLOUGE:
PART 1
By BGlanders@aol.com

     The Great Plain Of Reality.  A place where all dimensional roads 
cross and intermingle.  A Plain so vast that the beings assigned to 
watch and protect it were forced at the dawn of time to split it into 
ten sections.  Nine of these sections were given to the Guardians, 
beings of emense power whose job it was to make sure everything was 
smooth in the great 'quilt of reality'.  In the center of the nine 
sections, or 'quadraints' as they had become to be known, was the High 
Plain.  This was where the Cosmic beings had originated from, and this 
Quadraint had a ruler as well, the High Guardian known only as Myst.  
     
     Myst was the equlivelent to a foreman in a factory, and one day 
this foreman decided to call one of his 'workers' into his 'office'.  A 
young looking pale man in a black three-piece suit with hair to amtch 
entered a small, cubicle looking office, at the head of which there was 
a desk with a being in grey sitting behind it.  The office was an 
illusion of course; nothing was real on the Great Plain of Reality.  
Reality itself was something that these ten beings molded and toyed with 
at their leisure, so for them, nothing was true and real for those who 
were beyond reality.  Even their forms were their own choosing; Myst was 
a being covered with a grey cloak.  His face was hidden by a grey hood 
that seemed to be filled with nothing more than a void.  All in all, he 
seemed pretty spooky.
     
     "Welcome Simon, have a seat.  Now Simon, I've called you into my 
office for a very special reason.  I have been reviewing the status of 
your quadraint, and I am wondering why you haven't interviend yet."  
Simon sat back and took this all in with a smile.  He had noticed the 
subtile signs of an upcoming rift in his Plain, but had paid it no heed 
yet.  After all, his servants had been able to handle the others just 
fine on their own.  "Well boss, I was just leaving it up to my agents in 
the field, so to speak.  They've never failed me before."  Myst nodded 
and motioned for Simon not to talk anymore.  "Simon, I've taken the 
liberty of glancing into the future, would you care to see it?"  That 
last comment caught Simon's attention.  It had been ordained law eons 
ago that as the nine Guardians were allowed to travel into countless 
parallel worlds, they were never allowed to exercise their powers over 
time.  That privilage was reserved for Myst alone, as he was the only 
one with the disapline to keep his powers in check.
     
     Myst gestured, and the office melted away.  In its place formed a 
field of wheat streching as far as the eye could see in eery direction.  
In the center of the endless wheat stood a door.  Slowly, the wheat 
started to sway in the wind.  At first it was a picture of a nice summer 
day, but then the wind picked up and started to tear through the wheat 
at a phenominal pace.  Soon, a twister appeared in the middle of the 
field, destroying the wheat and tearing it to shreds.  The twister grew 
to a titanic size, the once-blue sky now black and oily.  Finally all 
that was left were the two men, the twister, the door, and an endless 
expanse of torn-up dirt. Simon nodded in understanding at what he had 
seen, Myst silently looked on.  

     With a gesture, the image vanished and the office returned.  Myst 
and Simon took their seats and continued on.  "Well Simon, I belive that 
you have your work cut out for you.  Now the only question is how do you 
handle this?"  Simon simply smiled.  "Don't worry, no matter how bad 
this may seem, I am confident that I can handle this on my own.  By the 
way, how long do I have?"  Myst checked a desk calander.  "I would say 
about a week, give or take a day.  Sucseed, and you will get that 
holiday you keep applying for.  Fail, and one-ninth of total reality 
will be destroyed, mabye more."  Simon nodded and left, not bothering to 
excuse himself from Myst's presence.  In an instant, Simon found himself 
in his wheat field.  It was always so calm there; the wind never rustled 
the stalks, the sun always shone in a pure blue sky.  Near Simon, a 
single stalk swayed slightly in the wind.  Simon shuddered and stepped 
through the out-of-place door that stood among the endless wheat.

************************************************************************

     Yosho was enjoying another typical day.  As no one was paying a 
visit to the Shrine office and Tenchi didn't have practice, Yosho was 
engaged in a deep and peaceful medatation.  His tea was warm and 
soothing, and the gentle breeze floating through the Shrine door felt 
good against his 'aged skin'.  As he sipped his tea, he happened to 
catch a glance at the reflection in his cup.  It was Tsunami.

     "And what do I owe the pleasure of this visit?" Yosho asked without 
skipping a beat.  Tsunami simply pointed toward the far row of books in 
the corner on a dusty shelf Yosho hadn't even glanced at for several 
months.  Sitting there was an acient book that Yosho was sure he had 
never seen before.  "Hmm, a present?"  Yosho strolled over to the 
previously unoticed volume and read the cover.  It was printed in an 
acient version of the royal Jurian high speech.  Yosho immedately picked 
up the book and started reading, intriuged at the new finding and 
wondering why this book was importiant enough for Tsunami to drop here.

     As Yosho read, he forgot about his tea and the time for that 
matter.  He read late into the evening and did not return to the house 
until  11 that night.  As he walked in the door, Washu was there waiting 
for him.  "She visited you too?"  She asked in a tone that sugested 
these events seemed like elements in an experiment rather than 
situations in life.  Of course, with Washu, life itself was on 
continuous expierement.  Yosho nodded and handed the book over to her.  
She took one glance and said, "I've read this before.  I found it when I 
was cleaning out my files concerning Juraian legends.  If Tsunami 
thought it was importiant enough to bring to our attention, the 
something has to be up."

Excerpts from the Jurian Cronicles, volume 124
Compiled by court historian Nabuki

     Emperor Jurai Kodansha was born in the Royal year 137.  He was the 
only son and first crown prince to the throne in over three thousand 
years.  His father, Jurai Shirow had ruled the Jurain empire with a lax 
and easily brushed aside hand, to the point that the royal council made 
most of the chief decisions concerning the royal empire.  His death 
occoured in the Royal year 161, forcing Kodansha into the position of 
Emperor at the age of 24.  Kodansha, unlike his father, had taken a 
special intrest in the politics of the court at an early age.  When his 
father died, Kodansha lept into the role of ruler of the galaxy.  In a 
matter of months he was able to regain the people's faith in a strong, 
Jurian controlled government and in the Royal year 165, he sucessfully 
disolved the royal council and assumed complete control of the political 
duties of the court.
     
     As the years passed, Kodansha expanded the Jurian empire by tweleve 
planets; a record for one administration.  The Galaxy Police, an 
orginazation that had previously worked independant of any royal 
interference, now welcomed the introduction of Jurian battleships to the 
GP fleet.  More and more, the Jurian empire was establishing itself as a 
firm pedistol for the universe to safely be set upon.  

     In the Royal year 322, the citizens of the Jurian empire grew 
concerned about the Emperor's bachlorhood.  Many began to fear that he 
would die without producing a sucessor to the throne, and therefore 
throw the kingdom into chaos.  To satisfy the concerns of his subjects, 
Kodansha took his first cousin, the Jurain dutchess Jurai Matoko, as his 
consort.  Lady Makoto produced three children; Azua and Masaki.  Azua 
was named the First Crowned Prince of Jurai, and showed the same intrest 
in politics that his father possesed.  Masaki was more concerned with 
traditions and social matters than anything else.  Both were obsessed 
with their own respective areas of court and studied their areas with an 
obsession.  It was everything a Jurian Emperor could ask for in two kids.

     Lady Matoko produced a third child, but not by Kodansha.  As 
Kodansha had been heavily involved with off-world political matters, 
mainly sealing the courts alliance with the one time rival GP.  One one 
of his many leaves, Kodansha had parted on bitter terms with Lady Matoko 
over an outburst she had made in court.  Even though Lady Matoko knew 
that Kodansha had spoken in haste, she still felt slightly betrayed and 
hurt, viewing her husband's dealings with the GP as an excuse to escape 
their crumbling marrige.  As a release, Lady Matoko took an ambassador 
from the Terran system to her chambers for one night.  That one night of 
release left Lady Matoko with a daughter.  When confronted with his 
wife's guilt-induced confession, Kodansha forgave her and attempted to 
re-construct their relationship.  As punishment for the seduction of a 
Jurian noble however, the Terran ambassador was slain and the Terran 
system was declared off-limits to all under Jurian rule.

     Kodansha claimed the daughter as his own and announced the birth to 
an overjoyed court.  Lady Matoko promised that the secret of her betrayl 
would never go beyond their knowing, and the child would be declared the 
Second Crown Princess of Jurai.  Because of the peace and new-found love 
that she had brought the Emperor and his wife, Lady Matoko named her 
bastard daughter Serenity.

     Lady Matoko kept one record of the events forementioned in her 
diary, which she wrote in till the day she died.  In the Royal year 
1256, Emperor Kodansha and Lady Matoko died abord the Jurian battle 
crusier Yamoto.  The cause was a hull breach during a temperal flux, 
causing the ship to atomize as it passed through an ionic storm.  Azua, 
now of age, assumed the throne with the Lady Masaki at his side.  Lady 
Serenity became Chief Supervisor of the Royal Armada, as she had taken a 
special intrest in tactics and commanding since she was a child.  

************************************************************************

     Raye was in deep medatation when the fire before her suddenly 
roared to life.  Suprised by such a strong reaction, she probed, pushing 
the fire with every ounce of her phsyce.  Finally, an image appeared 
amongst the flames.  A pale man with short black hair dressed in a black 
Armani stood before her, his eyes seemed to be drilling into her own.  
As Raye tried to break the link, the man reached out with his mind, 
grasping the link Raye had forged and forcing her to remain.  A battle 
of wills ensued, and while Raye's will was tempered with years of 
training and medatation, her opponent's will was infinetly more 
powerful.  As the intensity of the link increased to a near unbearable 
level, Raye screamed in pain and anguish.  Finally, the man let her mind 
go, but not before showing her an image.  The image of a tornado 
consuming a field.  A tornado that consumed all.

************************************************************************

For months, I've wondered why there were no Tenchi Muyo/Sailor Moon 
crossovers.  Wether it was because the idea seems too far fetched or 
mabye some Tenchi fans can't visualize the possibility.  I don't know, 
and frankly I don't care, 'cause I'm the one that's doing it.  This 
story is going to take awhile, ahd I don't have a spell checker so 
welcome to typo-demon hell.  I promise that in chapter one there will be 
a greater involvement with the Senshi and the other TM characters.  For 
now, I had to get all the boring crap out of the way.  I'm still new at 
this whole Fan Fic thing so don't be too harsh on me.  Washu, Yosho, 
Masaki, Azua, Tsunami, Jurai, and everything Tenchi belongs to AIC and 
Pioneer.  Raye and the Senshi belong to that company in Japan and 
(shudder) DiC.  Simon, Myst, the Great Plain of Reality and every other 
corny thing you read in here is MINE.  
All C&C should go to BGlanders@aol.com
