Disclaimer:
The characters Tenchi, Washu, Ryo-Ohki, Ryoko, Ayeka, Yosho, Kagato, Yagami, 
Noboyuki, and any other name I missed that are not the property of someone else 
are property of AIC and Pioneer.  Gohan, Vegeta, Trunks, Bulma, and Debura are 
property of FUNimation and Pioneer.  Killer, and Dr. S are property of The Fish.  
All the characters in this fanfic are property of there respective owners the 
story is solely from my imagination any similarities between this and any other 
story is purely coincidence.  E-mail me with any comments (thebigfish60@hotmail.com) 
and be sure to check out my web site at www.sidescan.multiservers.com Enjoy.


Chapter 1 New Arrivals

The day was just beginning at the Masaki house.  The sun was rising over the 
hills and birds were chirping.  Tenchi was already out in the field working Ryo-
Ohki was with him happily munching on a carrot.

"Sure is turning out to be a beautiful day," Tenchi thought

Ryoko teleports to Tenchi hugging him.

"How long has it been Tenchi?" Ryoko said

"How long since what?"

"How long since you let me out of that cave?"

"About 5 years"

"Seams just like yesterday.  I hope it is like this forever so calm and peaceful 
just you and me.  Everyday like a dream, except for Ayeka."

***************************

Meanwhile in another dimension and time at Capsule Corp. headquarters Vegeta was 
already up in the gravity training room working at 200X gravity.  He charged up 
to Super Sayian and began to glow golden.  Trunks now 14 years old matched his 
father's move.

"I see you have gotten a lot stronger son, but not strong enough" Said Vegeta

Vegeta leaped into the air ramming right into Trunks catching him off guard.  He 
fell onto the floor.

"No fair dad you gave me no warning," said Trunks

"A true warrior is always ready"

"Take this dad," said trunks

Trunks summoned a large energy beam and directed it toward Vegeta he easily 
blocked it.

"Pretty good but not good enough," said Vegeta as he fired off his own blast.

Trunks barley moved out of the way in time.  The energy beam passed by him 
hitting the wall of the gravity training room.  The room was destroyed in a 
large flash.  Bulma saw it through the window and sighed "Vegeta."  

*************************

Back at the Masaki house Sasami was in the kitchen just finishing making 
breakfast.

"Breakfast time," yelled Sasami walking into the dining room "hmm where is 
everyone?"

"Tenchi is out in the field," said Ryoko from the couch while watching a soap 
opera on TV

"I will go get him for you Sasami," said Noboyuki walking towards the door.

"Don't bother ill get him," said Ryoko teleporting out of sight.  "Tenchi were 
are you? I know you're out here."  That's strange where did he go? Thought Ryoko 
flying into the air to get a better view of the field.  O there he is lying down 
no wonder I did not see him.  "Tenchi wake up breakfast is ready," said Ryoko 
but he did not move.  "Tenchi wake up," said Ryoko now with a little hint of 
concern creeping into her voice.  Tenchi still did not move.  

**************************

We now go into Tenchi's head

"Where am I" said Tenchi while floating through blackness  "Ryoko, Dad, anyone" 
Suddenly the blackness changed to a view of outer space.  There was a voice in 
the background saying something that he could not quiet make out.  "Hello, speak 
louder I cant hear you" Soon the scene changed from a view of outer space to a 
planet that looked like earth.  He was on a beach the wind blowing slightly.  It 
was sunny and warm "this seams familiar," said Tenchi to himself.  Suddenly 
Ryoko was standing next to him staring at the sky wearing her battle uniform.  
"There you are Ryoko what is this place?"  Ryoko continued staring at the sky 
not saying anything as if she did not hear Tenchi.  A great black could passed 
over and completely blocking out the sun.  Leaving only an eerie glow like one 
would expect during a solar eclipse on earth.  Tenchi heard the same voice he 
heard earlier but still could not quite make it out.  Suddenly everything 
went black.


***************************

Back in the field

"Tenchi wake up," said Ryoko shaking him "It's me." Tenchi jumped up expecting 
to be back on the strange planet with the Ryoko that could not hear him.  
Instead he was back in his field and Ryoko was there with a worried look on here 
face "Are you ok Tenchi?"

"You can hear me?"

"Well of course silly," said Ryoko "Are you ok?".

"I am fine"

"In that case breakfast is ready lets go," Said Ryoko grabbing Tenchi and 
teleporting him back to the house.

***************************

Meanwhile back at Capsule Corp.  Since the gravity training room was destroyed 
and would take some time to fix Vegeta was eating tons of food (if a Sayian is 
not fighting they are eating). As Vegeta is stuffing his face with bowl after 
bold of rice and egg rolls Bulma walks into the room.

"You know Vegeta you should be more careful.  That gravity training room is not 
an easy thing to fix," said Bulma

"Then you should build it stronger," said Vegeta between bites

"By the way I thought you would like to know Goku will be back from the dead for 
one day a week from tomorrow."

"So Kakorat is coming back." Said Vegeta calling Goku by his Sayian name.  "In 
that case I will challenge him to a duel to prove I am the strongest once and 
for all.  I better start training," said Vegeta getting up to go to the gravity 
room.

"Have you forgotten all ready?  You destroyed the gravity room it will not be 
fixed for at least 4 days," said Bulma

"Great how am I supposed to train?"

"Well you could always spar with Gohan he is after all a Super Sayian like you," 
said Bulma

"I guess he is my only choice," said Vegeta as he flew out of the room.  The 
wind he caused knocking the dishes on the ground and scattering all of the loose 
objects in the house.

"I sure with he would be more careful in the house" sighed Bulma

Vegeta was flying through the air at a very high rate of speed thinking," so you 
are coming back Kakorat.  I have waited for this moment ever since that weakling 
Majin Buu interrupted our battle 5 years ago.  Ahh there is Gohan's house."

"Vegeta nice to see you.  When was the last time we were together?  O yes I 
remember it was when we fought Majin Buu"

"Enough talk Gohan I have come here to ask you to spar with me so I will be in 
top shape when you monkey of a father comes back from the dead.  I plan on 
challenging to a duel," said Vegeta

"My dad a Monkey?  You come here insulting my dad and asking me for a favor?  
You sure now how to ask someone for a favor Vegeta," said Gohan.

"If you don't want to spar just say so.  I understand that a weakling like 
yourself would be afraid of me," said Vegeta getting ready to leave.

"Weak eh?  Ill show you who is weak I accept I will meat you tomorrow in the 
desert.  The same place where the cell games were held.  You remember the spot?"

"I remember just make sure you show up," said Vegeta as he left

"Well that was a strange visit," said Gohan "I guess some people never change"

**************************

Back at the Masaki house the day passed by uneventful just as Tenchi likes it to 
be just peace and quiet.  After Breakfast Tenchi spent the day working at his 
grandpa's shrine and his dad left for work (grumbling about the long commute 
like usual).  About mid afternoon Ryoko decided to go see Tenchi at the shrine.

"Tenchi.  Where are you?" said Ryoko walking around the shrine.

"Over here Ryoko," called Tenchi.  Ryoko turned to where Tenchi was calling from 
she was shocked to see Tenchi in the cave where she had been imprisoned for the 
past 700 years.

"What are you doing near that offal place Tenchi?"  said Ryoko a little tear 
running down her face.  Tenchi noticing the tear and hugged her, Ryoko's heart 
leapt for joy "he does love me" she thought.

"What are you crying about?"

"It's just that horrible place, it was so dark and cold in that cave," said 
Ryoko

"You wont have to think about this place any more Ryoko," said Tenchi "Grandpa 
and I decided to blow the cave up so that you will never have to see it again" 

"You mean it Tenchi?  I will help then what can I do?"

"Well all you need to do is light the fuse at the entrance of the cave then 
stand back and watch," said Tenchi.  Ryoko teleported to the entrance of the 
cave an energy ball ready in her hand to light the fuse.  She lit the fuse and 
then stood back watching as the flame followed the small wire deep into the cave 
and disappeared.  Soon there was great explosion that shock the ground.  A 
cloud of dust came from the cave entrance and covered Tenchi and Ryoko blinding 
them temporally.  When they could see again the cave was no more.

"Tenchi this makes me so happy" said Ryoko hugging Tenchi.  A sweat drop forming 
on the back of Tenchi's head.  Then Ryoko noticed she was all dirty.  She looked 
just like she did after the explosion at Tenchi's school when she first met him.  
"Tenchi lets go take a bath.  What do you say you wash my back and Ill wash 
yours." Tenchi turned red.

"Ryoko."

Hours passed and we see Tenchi, Ryoko, Noboyuki, Washu, Kiyone, Mihoshi, and 
Yosho at the dinner table.

"This sure is good food tonight," said Tenchi between bites

"Yes this really is good," said Kiyone

"Well I am tired I think I will go to bed now good night everyone," said Tenchi

Tenchi went up to his room and quickly fell asleep.  But the dreams he had were 
not happy dreams they were nightmares.  He was back on the strange planet that 
he had dreamed about when he fell asleep in the field.  One again Ryoko appeared 
next to him on the beach still she could not hear him.  Again the sky turned 
dark but this time the dream did not end here.  Tenchi looked up and noticed 
that it was a giant ship blocking all the light from the sun.  And this time he 
could understand the voice it was Kagato.

"Well hello again Ryoko.  Good to see you I bet you thought I was dead.  No 
matter you never were very good at thinking.  This time I am not here to take 
you back I am here to destroy you all.  I hope you like my new toy.  I might add 
he does a better job than you ever did Ryoko" with this Kagato left.  Soon 
Tenchi heard a sound like he had never heard before he could only describe it as 
what he envisioned a banshee to sound like.  As the sound drew louder he saw a 
man riding what he recognized from ancient history class as a flaming chariot.  
It came down from the sky right toward them.  The banshee sound was coming from 
a group of wailing souls.  Then he heard a voice "I am Debura all who disobey me 
shall die."  At this moment Ryoko drew here energy sword and charged the 
Oncoming forces.  Tenchi cried out in terror.

"Tenchi its ok you just having a bad dream," said Ryoko shaking him lightly.  
"Tenchi wake up" Tenchi looked around and noticed he was back in his room Ryoko 
was there shaking him trying to get him to wake up.  Ayeka was standing next to 
Ryoko.

************************

Latter the next day Tenchi was talking with his grandpa at the shrine  "So you 
say they were chanting the name Debura," said Yosho "that is very strange.  I 
seam to recall that name from somewhere" Yosho picked up a book on his desk and 
opened it.  "Ah yes I thought so Debura king of the Demon world."

"Kind of the demon world.  What was he doing in my dream?"

"Let me finish Tenchi there is more.  The ancient ledged says the Debura was the 
most evil and powerful being in the universe.  He destroyed everything and 
everyone who stood in his way.  He commanded the army of demons.  It says hear 
that about 40,000 years ago he suddenly disappeared never to be hear from 
again."  

"But grandpa Kagato was there also.  Is it possible that he brought this demon 
back to life?" said Tenchi.

"I don't know"

*************************

Back at Capsule Corp in another dimension and time Vegeta was just leaving
to go and spar with Gohan.  Gohan was already waiting for Vegeta at the spot.  
As Vegeta neared the chosen area he could feel Gohan's energy.

"I see you are stronger now than when we last meet," said Vegeta

"Well I have been training a little since Buu," said Gohan

Then they started fighting.  Vegeta started by transforming into a golden 
glowing Super Sayian little rocks all around him floated into the air.  Gohan 
also charged up to Super Sayian level.  Vegeta was the first one to throw an 
energy blast.  Gohan moved out of the way and the blast hit a mountain 
completely destroying it. Gohan then charged Vegeta using the Kayoken attack, 
which he had just learned.  Vegeta blocked the attack and countered with a fist 
aimed at Gohan's face.  This went on for quiet a few hours neither side getting 
even one hit on the other.

"Not bad Gohan looks like I will have to step it up a notch," said Vegeta as he 
powered up even more.  He was not glowing a lighter yellow and bigger rocks were 
rising into the air.

*************************

Back at the Masaki house Tenchi was worried  "What are these dreams I have been 
having?  I have never even been to this place I keep dreaming about, and why is 
this Debura guy in my dreams I had never even heard of him until grandpa told me 
about him"

"It's ok Tenchi," said Ryoko "I will always protect you."

"Ryoko that reminds me.  First let me say I am sorry for not doing this sooner 
but it kind of slipped my mind.  I have something of yours that I would like to 
return to you before I never get the chance"

"Oh what is it you want to give me?"  Tenchi walked to his closet and got sword 
Tenchi from the shelf that he kept it on.  "Sword Tenchi?  Why do you want to 
give me that?"

"Not the sword Ryoko.  Ryoko I want to return your other two gems to you.  I 
know I can trust you and I want you to have them back."

"Really you want to give me back my full power," said Ryoko very happy now.

"Yes I want you to have them," said Tenchi pointing the sword at Ryoko 
concentrating on the gems.  Soon the gems began to glow.  Then one appeared on 
Ryoko's right arm and after it the 3rd at the base of her neck.

"I feel whole again.  Lets celebrate first thing tomorrow let's go to the beach"

"The beach?  Why do you want to go there?" asked Tenchi

"Well I have never been to the beach before, and when I saw it on the travel 
show I thought it looked like a wonderful place to go see."

"Ok the beach it is.  I will see you tomorrow Ryoko, now I have to go to the 
shrine."

****************************

Early the next day Ryoko was up getting ready to go to the beach.  At 6:30 she 
woke Tenchi up.  Ryoko teleported them to the bus stop and then they waited.  
Soon there 2 
hours bus trip would start to get to the beach.

"Tenchi I am so excited going to the beach just you and me," said Ryoko

Ya just you and me Tenchi thought.  "That reminds me how did you ever get Ayeka 
to let you go with me by yourself Ryoko?"

"Don't you worry about that Tenchi," said Ryoko.

On the bus Tenchi fell asleep but this time the nightmare did not come back.  He 
awoke to Ryoko shaking him excitedly.

"We are here Tenchi"

"How long was I asleep?" 

"About 1.5 hours." said Ryoko looking out the bus window.  "This will be the 
perfect place to get Tenchi to finally realize he loves me," thought Ryoko, 
until she noticed Ayeka outside "What is she doing here?" said Ryoko angrily.

"Thought you could take Tenchi to the beach all by your self did you?" said 
Ayeka anger rising in her voice.

*******************************

In another dimension at the University of California Los Angles in the United 
States a brilliant student Dr. S was working late.  At the age of 20 he was the 
youngest person ever to be allowed in the university AAA+ level top-secret lab.  
Only a few people in the world even knew it existed.  This lab is the place 
where science fiction becomes reality.  He was working on a project code named 
"Bank Robber."  He was trying to use dark matter to dematerialize a person so 
they could move through any object and yet at the same time touch any object 
that they wanted touch.  "Looks like another long night," thought Dr. S "If only 
I could get this to work" He was working late into the night for the 3rd day 
straight when finally success.  "I've done it," he exclaimed to no one in 
particular "look at me, it works."  He seamed normal but he was not, not anymore 
that is.  "Now to test it" Dr. S reached over to touch the wall and instead of 
his hand stopping when it reached the wall it dematerialized fading out like a 
cheap hologram, and passed easily through the wall.  Next he tried to walk 
though the wall and again success.  Dr. S was now able to travel through any 
object that he wanted.  "This really is amazing," he thought.  "Imagine what 
power I have.  Think of the possibilities opened up to me by being able to walk 
through walls.  I am glad I decided to test the experiment on myself instead of 
someone else."  The next test was to see if he could still touch items he wanted 
t touch.  What good would his new power have if he could no longer pick stuff 
up?  Dr. S walked over to a book sitting on the shelf he concentrated on picking 
it up.  Success once again.  With his new abilities he realized he was virtually 
invincible.  Know only if he could figure out a way to live forever.  As he sat 
back in his chair to contemplate ways to make himself live forever the room 
began to distort.  It looked like an object looks when intense heat is coming 
off of it.  Things began to blur before him and then what looked like a black 
hole opened up right next to Dr. S pulling him in.  

********************************

Mean while back at the beach Tenchi was lying on a towel on the sandy beach.  
Ryoko walked over to him wearing a blue bikini with a bottle in her hand and a 
mischievous look on her face.

"You should put sunscreen on Tenchi.  Too much sun is not good for you.  Roll 
over and I will put it on your back for you."  Tenchi blushed at the thought of 
it but rolled over anyway.  Ryoko squirted some sunscreen on his back and began 
massaging it into Tenchi's back.

"That sure feels good Ryoko," Tenchi said.

You know Tenchi if you would let me I would make you feel good all the time," 
said Ryoko at the same time grabbing his butt.  Tenchi quickly jumped up.

"Ryoko," he said his face all red.

"You don't want me to make you feel good?" asked Ryoko a hurt loon in her eyes.

"No it's just... well I mean... Let me help you put sunscreen on your back you 
don't want 
to get a sun burn you know."

"Ok" she said happily.  "He is finally starting to show his love for me," she 
thought.  Tenchi just started to apply the lotion to Ryoko's back when Ayeka 
walked over.

"Lord Tenchi what are you doing" she shirked.

"I was well... I was helping Ryoko put sunscreen on her back.  The sun is very 
dangerous you know."  Ryoko simply looked at Ayeka with an expression that said 
see his loves me.  Soon Ayeka's logs began to form around her.  Ryoko jumped up 
an energy sword forming in her hand.

"O boy" Tenchi thought.  At this instant there was a great flash in the sky.  
Ryoko and Ayeka forgot about there argument and looked up at the sky.  Other 
people on the beach who had been watching Ayeka and Ryoko get ready to fight 
were frightened and ran.  

*****************************

At the same time in another dimension in the desert Gohan and Vegeta were really 
starting to go at it.  Vegeta launched an energy blast right at Gohan.  Gohan 
blocked it but was pushed into a rock wall.  Vegeta then began firing smaller 
energy blasts very rapidly.

"Having fun yet Gohan?"  Vegeta laughed clearly enjoying it himself.  Suddenly 
Gohan escaped the attack using the instant transmission technique he just 
learned.  Gohan transmitted behind Vegeta delivering a kick right to his back.  
Vegeta charged an energy blast in his hand ready to throw at Gohan when every 
thing became blurry and he and Gohan were pulled into a black hole.  

*****************************

Back at the Beach Tenchi was horrified he realized this was his nightmare come 
true.  Once again he heard the voice of Kagato.  Ryoko quickly changed to battle 
gear, as did Ayeka.  Tenchi brought out sword Tenchi; everyone was ready for a 
fight.  Then he saw Debura riding his flaming chariot this time however there 
was another being with him.  Debura looked at Tenchi, Ayeka, and Ryoko and 
laughed.

"Fools you are no match for me."  With this he threw an energy blast at Ayeka 
hitting her right as she got her protective shield up.  The shield worked for a 
little while absorbing most of the impact but then it failed Debura was too 
powerful.  Ayeka was flung down the beach and knocked unconscious.

"Don't worry I'll protect you," Ryoko said to Tenchi while drawing her energy 
sword.  Debura looked at her a laughed

"Not worth my time."  He then turned to his companion who up to this point had 
said nothing and said "Killer advance on them."

Gladly," said Killer a smirk on his face.  First he attacked Ryoko throwing a 
large energy blast at there.  She blocked it but was stunned.  Tenchi created 
his light hawk wings and charged Killer.

"Leave her alone." He yelled.  With sword Tenchi he swung at Killer sure it 
would kill him but it did not even hurt him.

"Is that the best you can do" he sneered shoving Tenchi into the sand so only 
his head stuck up, he was helpless.  Then Ryoko came to and through a plasma 
blast hitting and hurting the unsuspecting Killer.  He turned away from Tenchi 
to see who had hurt him his eyes now burning red.  He ran to Ryoko so fast no 
one could even see him move.  He punched her in the stomach knocking her on the 
ground.  He then took out a mean looking sword  "Time to finish you off," Killer 
said.  Tenchi tried to free himself from the sand but he was stuck he was 
powerless to help Ryoko.  Then a large beam of energy whizzed by Tenchi's head 
wiping up the sand and stinging Tenchi's face.  The energy beam traveled like 
lightning directly to the unsuspecting Killer killing him instantly.  At the 
source of the energy blast stood Vegeta with a confused look on his face.  Next 
to him stood Gohan equally bewildered.

"Where are we?" said Vegeta

"I don't know," stammered Gohan Tenchi noticed that the wind from the energy 
bean had freed him from the sand.  He got up and ran toward Ryoko shouting her 
name. 

"Ryoko, Ryoko can you hear me?" called Tenchi.  Debura was outraged that his 
minion had been killed.  He was about to attack when he sensed the new comers 
power.  He thought better of attacking and slipped away.

"Ryoko," cried Tenchi "Don't die."

"Maybe that boy over there knows where we are," said Vegeta while walking over 
to Tenchi.  "You their boy tell me where we are," demanded Vegeta.  Tenchi 
ignored him still holding Ryoko.  "You dare defy me boy," said Vegeta forming an 
energy blast in his hand.  "You want to share the same fate as that weakling who 
was attacking that girl you are holding?"

"Vegeta lay off him," intervened Gohan "cant you see he was being attacked."

"Humph," snorted Vegeta.  Then Tenchi realized he had forgot about Ayeka.

"Could you check on the girl who was knocked out down the beach?" asked Tenchi.

"Not until you tell me..." started Vegeta

"No problem," said Gohan cutting Vegeta off.  He then used his instant 
transmission found Ayeka and came back in a split second.  Tenchi saw she was 
alive and gave a sigh of relief.

"Now where are we" demanded Vegeta again.

"This is a beach in Japan," said Tenchi "my name is Tenchi Masaki."

"I'm Gohan and this is Vegeta."

"Could you help me bring these friends of mine back to my house?" asked Tenchi

"Sure" said Gohan

"You can do as you please Gohan.  I am leaving," said Vegeta as he flew away.

Tenchi burst through the front door of his house with Ryoko Gohan followed 
carrying Ayeka.  "Sasami, Washu, dad help Ryoko and Ayeka are hurt," yelled 
Tenchi.

"I might be able to help," said Gohan reaching into his pocket retrieving a 
Sensu bean.

****************************

At the same time in Washu's lab Dr. S materialized "how did I get here?" he 
thought  "Where is here?"  Washu thought she heard a noise and turned to see 
what it was.

"Who are you?" asked Washu seeing the stranger.  "How did you get in here?"

"I... I am not sure how I got here but my name is Dr. S."

"Interesting" said Washu walking around the stranger.  "You did not come through 
the door in the house.  Do I know you?"

"No I don't think so."  Washu reached out to touch the stranger and her hand 
went right through him.  

"Hmm very interesting," said Washu.  Then she heard Tenchi and rushed out of the 
lab to see what was wrong Dr. S followed.  Just as Washu stepped into the living 
room where everyone was Tenchi gave Ryoko the Sensu bean.  Ryoko instantly felt 
better.  Tenchi then gave one to Ayeka it instantly cured her also.

"You ok Ryoko?" asked Tenchi

"I'm fine Tenchi"

"What was that you gave them Tenchi?  I have never seen anything quite like 
that," said Washu.

"It was a Sensu bean Gohan here gave it to me"

"Another new comer ehh?  Do you have any more of those beans I want to analyze 
it."

"Umm ok.  But who are you? Asked Gohan

"I am the greatest scientific genius in the universe.  You can call me Little 
Washu and who might you be?"

"My names Gohan"

"I think we need to sit down and straighten out who all these new people are," 
said Tenchi.  

**********************

About 2 hours later everyone's story was done.

"Let me get this straight you Gohan were pulled here with your friend through 
what looked like a black hole, and the same thing happened to you Dr. S.  Gohan 
you are a fighter a very powerful one who is half Sayian (what ever that is) and 
Dr. S you are a student from UCLA you discovered a way to dematerialize yourself 
so you could pass through anything, and now by a strange turn of events you both 
are stuck here.  Is that right?" asked Washu.

"Yes," said Gohan and Dr. S at the same time

"Except you forgot my friend Vegeta," said Gohan  "He is about as strong as me 
maybe stronger but he has a bad temper I am not sure where he went."

"Well I just want to thank you for helping me and Ryoko and Ayeka back at the 
beach please stay with us till you can figure out how to get back home.  As for 
you Dr. S you may also stay with us," said Tenchi.

"Well now Tenchi you say Kagato is back?  And that he brought with him a man 
called Debura," said Washu

"Yes that is right"

"In that case I think having these two people around could be really helpful.  
You will help us wont you Gohan and Dr. S?" asked Washu.

"Sure Ill help if you help me get home," said Gohan

"Ill help too," said Dr. S "but I can not go home if I ever return I will be 
turned into one big experiment."

"Well ok then it's settled" said Washu leaving for her lab.  "I will analyze 
these Sensu beans and see if I can copy them."

"Well looks like I we have some more guests" said Yosho in his normal calm.

"Umm Washu," said Dr. S

"Yes," said Washu turning to look at Dr. S "what do you want."

"I would be very grateful if you would allow me to enter your lab and help you.  
I am a brilliant scientist after all."

"Well let's see what you can do.  Come on in," said Washu stepping out of the 
doorway holding the door for Dr. S to follow.

"How did you create this separate dimension to put you lab in?" asked Dr. S

"It's quite simple really...." said Washu her voice trailing off as she entered 
her lab Dr. S following right behind.

"Well now what?" said Gohan running his hand through his hair.  "I have never 
been in another dimension before."

"Well I have to the shrine" said Tenchi walking out the door.

"I have to go get back to cooking" said Sasami

"I'm feeling much better now.  Ill go with you Tenchi," said Ryoko teleporting 
after him.

"I am going for a walk," said Ayeka.  Gohan, Kiyone, and Mihoshi were the only 
ones left in the room.

"I wonder what is on TV?" said Mihoshi sitting on the couch.

"I better go report to section chief about this whole incident today" said 
Kiyone walking out the door.

*************** To be Continued ***************