Glossary for the Tenchi Muyo series: Strange Days and Possibilities Are 
Endless

Several of my prereaders suggested I should compile a glossary to help 
readers with my story since I use so my Nihongo words and idioms. As more 
stories are written for this series I will update the glossary although I 
will try to limit the number of new words I add. To understand my reasons 
for using them just read the notes at the end of Book One.
Again, I would like to thank Lita Eagle, BGlanders, Kuuta Kutani, Achariyth, 
Sasami-chan, Donald Dortmund and Fuzzy Bunny, for their help as my 
prereaders.

WORDS:

A

Aaaa
Ohhh, a Standard Nihongo exclamation.

Adana
Nickname. Nihonjin love giving nicknames to persons, places or things.

Ai
Love. The word corresponds to the luminous Greek term agape. Most Nihonjin 
avoid using this word because of its very force might make the talker sound 
aggressive or rash.

Ai shite'ru yo
I love you! This is the strongest Nihongo expression to tell someone you 
love him/her.

Ai suru
To Love. Standard slang to describe love between couples.

Aidoru
Idol singer

Akachan
The affectionate word for baby or child.

Akapori
Red Police, policewoman. Can have sexist overtones depending on the speaker.

Akurei
Demon.

Amerikajin kakus
American detectives.

Anata
Darling when used by a female for her husband or lover.

Anata no
Your.

Anozoki-ma
Peeping demon, standard slang for a specific hentai.

Aobuta
Big pig officer, Yakuza slang for a police officer.

Ara
Oh, standard exclamation.

Arigatai
Thank goodness! Standard Nihongo exclamation.

Arigato
Thanks.

Asoke
This is the number one Nihongo slang word, used by both sexes and by all 
ages, for describing either female or male private parts. Kanojo no asoke 
(her over there) can mean her thing (the whole sex organ or just her pussy) 
while kare no asoke (his over there) can mean his thing (his penis, his 
testicles or both). This word and its slang use pops up in subtitled anime a 
lot.

Atashi warui
I'm at fault. As spoken by a female person.

Ayame
Iris, in many Tenchi fanfic stories and artwork done by AIC artists and 
fans, Ayeka is associated with the purple iris.

Aza
A black eye.

B

Baka
Stupid

Baka wa
Silly, as a female would say it.

Bakemono
Monster. Ayeka used this word as an insult to Ryoko. The word's literally 
meaning is a creature so stupid that it is dangerous.

Bai-bai
Bye-bye. Nihongo-Amerika slang usually used by children or when someone is 
talking to a child or is trying to sound cute.

Bajin
Virgin, girl or young woman.

Beigun
United States' armed forces.

Beikoku
United States.

Benjo
Toilet. In a Nihonjin house, the benjo is in a separate room from the rest 
of the furo.

Bitamin esu
Vitamin S. High school slang of sperm

Boifurendo
Amerika-Nihongo slang for boyfriend.

Bokken
Wooden Sword, usually a katana length piece of hardened wood used in 
practicing kendo (Nihonjin sword sport). Sometimes the bokken will have a 
rod of lead as its core to add weight to the wooden blade.

Boku no kanojo
My she, Standard Nihongo slang used to describe someone as your girlfriend.

Boku warui
I'm at fault. This is the male form of a standard exclamation.

C

Chabudai
Low Table. Used as a dinner table in most anime series although Western 
style tables are starting to be used in most upper and middle class homes.

Chibi
Kid, kiddo, derogatory word for a child (now I know the pun behind Chibi 
Usa)

Chichi kurushii
Pretty Boobs. Standard slang word to denote a male's esteem and appreciation 
for a woman's physical attractions.

-Chan
Little, an affectionate honorific for a child, animal or a love one although 
those close to each other will sometimes forgo using honorifics to denote 
relationships. Ayeka, Azusa, and Katsuhito don't use honorifics for family 
members. Ryoko and Tenchi don't use honorifics for each other nor does 
Mihoshi and Kiyone.

Chikan
Pervert. This is the most negative slang word for pervert, used mostly by 
females. There is nothing playful or cute about this word.

Chikusho
Damn, standard exclamation.

Chinhoko
Life-giving sword. The word is standard street slang.

Chijo
Standard slang for a female pervert.

Chima
Crazy Demon.

Chitsu
Formal Nihongo word for a vagina.

Choshoku
Breakfast.

D

Daisuki
Really Like. Standard slang. Most will use this indirect way to say they 
love someone.

Damare
Be quiet

Dankon
Male root. Standard slang for penis.



Darashinai onna
Woman of loose morals. Standard Nihongo slang. Ayeka used this phase in 
episode 7 (Night of the Carnival).

Dare mo
No one. Standard exclamation.

Deka
Standard slang for the police.

Dekashita
Well done. Standard exclamation.

Dekachin
Osaka dialect slang for large, well-proportioned male sex organ

Dewa
Well . . . Standard exclamation.

Dewa mata
See you later! Standard Nihongo parting phrase.

Do itashimashite
My pleasure. Standard Nihongo reply.

Do shimashita
What happened? Standard Nihongo question.

Doka gai ka
What's wrong? Standard Nihongo exclamation.

Doka shimashita ka
Is anything wrong? Standard Nihongo exclamation.

Domo arigato
Thank you very much.

Domo arigato gozaimasu
Thank you very, very much.

-dono
Honorific used to show respect or closeness but not love.

Dobutsu
Animal

Dokufu
Femme fatale. Yakuza slang word.

Donata
Who

Dotei
Virginity. Usually used to denote male virginity.

Dozo
Please.

Dozo yoroshiku
Nice to meet you. Standard greeting.

E

Ee
Yes.

Efu emu
Piece of ass. Nihongo slang for girlfriend or lover.

Eigo
English.

Esu efu
Sex friend. High school slang for lover.

Etchi Na Koto Suruna! Kya!
Kya! Don't be gross! Standard exclamation.

Eteko
Apes. Yakuza slang for the police.

Etto
Let me see. Standard exclamation.

F

Fuhai
Decay.

Fundoshi
Loincloth. Nowadays only sumo wrestlers and very traditional priests wear 
them. Most Nihonjin men wear Western style boxers and jockey shorts while 
the women wear Western style panties and bra. In fact, women don't dare hang 
their washed underwear outside to dry because of the extra ordinary number 
panty raiders that exist in Nihon. Many a gaijin female tourist has lost her 
unmentionables to these perverts (even from tall hotel apartments) and 
getting replacements is a real bear (cup and panty sizes in Nihon run on the 
small side).

G

Gaijin
Standard slang used to describe a Western foreigner.

Gaki
Brat. Standard slang.

Garufurendo
Nihongo-Amerika slang for a girlfriend.

Gei
Gay.

Genkan
Entryway, where people take off and put on their shoes.

Geta
Wooden sandals.

Gimu
Duty.

Gohan desu
Meal is ready. "With these words the Japanese family is summoned to the 
dinner table. So basic is rice to the traditional Japanese the gohan, 
'cooked rice', also means 'meal' ("Cooking with Japanese Foods" by Jan and 
John Belleme)."

Gomen nasai
I'm sorry.

Gomon
Lamp and chair treatment, police torture. While the Nihon police are polite 
and helpful to the average Nihonjin and to gaijins, you don't want to get on 
their bad side. The techniques used to extract information from suspects are 
very similar to those used by American police in the 1930s to the 1940s. A 
suspect can be held for any length of time and will only be released if the 
evidence is very weak or you have a very good lawyer. Once the police decide 
you are guilty of the crime, a trial before a judge is really a formality 
since it is very rare for him to go against the police (think kangaroo 
court). So it is not unusual for a criminal to confess his crime just to 
avoid the police torture. In fact, just like in the United States the Nihon 
police have to deal with people willing to confess to any crime. If you want 
to see an anime series that deal with the Nihon police on a professional and 
personal level (with a great dose of humor), get "You're Under Arrest" (OAV 
is available in most stores and the TV series and the movie can be found as 
fan subs).

Goseiko o
Good Luck! Standard Nihongo exclamation.

Goshinsetsu o makoto ni arigato
Thank you very much for your time.

Gu
Good. Standard exclamation.

Gyoza
Potstickers.

H

Haha
A child's affectionate word for mother.

Hamoru
Twin orgasm, this Nihongo slang word is an idiom from the show business 
world, where its used to describe a successful duet between a male and a 
female singer.

Hentai
Pervert.

Hai
Yes

Hime(s)
Princess(es). In Yakuza slang, it is a derogatory term for a female police 
officer.

Himusuko
Great-grandson

Hojus
Precious gems. Priest slang for testicles.

Honto honto
Very true. In Nihongo, saying a word twice is meant to show emphasis.

Honto ni
Truly

Honto ni, bishojo
Truly, a beautiful girl. Here one of the Clamp girls is commenting about 
MacClean looking and acting like a beautiful girl from a boy's doujinshi 
manga, specially boy's yaoi (same sex lemons). Unlike girl's yaoi, where 
both partners are male, boy's yaoi have the partner as females, one with a 
tomboyish personality while the other has a passive, effeminate personality. 
During the 1990's, both types of stories have moved into mainstream manga 
but some of the best ones can still be found in the doujinshi conventions. 
Some of the yaoi influence can be seen in manga artist/writers who started 
in doujinshi (Clamp and others) and has leaked into anime (Cardcaptor 
Sakura, Sailor Moon and others).

Hotaru
Firefly. Fireflies are identified with the human spirit and are looked upon 
by the Nihonjin as the spirits of the dead visiting the living, especially 
during the Festival of the Dead in August.

I

Ibokyodai
Half-brother.

Ii wa
Okay

Ii ne
Alright.

Ii zo
Okay then, as a male speaker would say it.

Iie
No.

Iie wa yo
Oh no! Standard Nihongo exclamation.

Ikasu
Neat! Standard Nihongo exclamation.

Ikibari
A lively needle, derogatory Nihongo slang for an underdeveloped penis.

Ima
Now

Imo
Potato, Nihongo slang for hick (for generations the potato has been a symbol 
of the hick in Nihon).

Imoto
Younger sister.

Inazuke
Fiancé.

Iro Otoko
Sexy man, originally a medieval Nihongo slang for a man who worked or 
frequented 'the city of sex', its now a popular word for an attractive young 
man.

Itadakimasu
I shall eat. Expression given just before someone starts to eat.

Itoko
Cousin.

Itoshii
Beloved

J

Ja'akuna
Wicked

Ja'akuna otoko
Wicked man.

Jieitai
JSDP. Japanese Self-Defense Force.

Jiichan
Affectionate word for grandfather.

Jiisan
Standard word for grandfather but can also mean old man.

Jinkoro
Police. Standard slang

Jodan
Joke, humor,

Juncho desu
Fine! Standard Nihongo exclamation.

K

Kaibutsu
Wicked creature, monster.

Kakko no ii
Well shaped.

Kanojo no
My she. Standard, indirect slang used by a male to call their girlfriend.

Karasugai
Nihongo slang for very dense public hair. Some of the oldest taboo words in 
Nihongo slang come from the shellfish group (karasugai normally means 
fresh-water mussel shell).

Kawaii
Cute.

Kaugaru
Cowgirl

Kazoku
Family.

Ke
Fur. Also a popular slang word for pubic hair.

Keisatsu
Police.

Keisatsukan
Police officer

Kemomo
Hair peach, Yakuza slang for a vagina.

Ketsu
Standard slang for ass

Ketsu-nuke jan
Assless jerk. Standard Nihongo slang.

Ki
Depending on the kanji used it can mean spirit or tree. When I first notice 
this, it made me wonder if the use of the Space Trees as sentient beings 
created by Tsunami-megami (a Kimi: Spirit of the Tree) matches up with the 
word for the human spirit (ki).

Kirei (na)
Pretty

Kitsune
Like in English, a sly person is known as a fox in standard slang.

Kine
Pounder, Nihongo slang for a huge penis.

Kintama
Standard slang for testicles. Full meaning is golden balls.

Kinodoku
I'm sorry for using your time, standard Nihongo apology.

Kimi
Depending on the speaker it can mean either you or God.

Kimi kirei wa yo!
You're beautiful! Standard exclamation as spoken by a female or someone 
trying to sound effeminate.

Kirei na
Beautiful.

Koban
A police box.

Kobanwa, otetsudai shimasho ka
Good evening, may I help you? Standard Nihongo greeting.

Kochan
Affectionate word for child.

Kochikan
Pedophile

Kodomo
Child

Kogo
Empress

Koibito
Beloved person. Standard slang used to call someone your sweetheart.

Kojiin
Orphanage.

Kokoro
Heart

Komatta na
Oh darn! Standard exclamation.

Konnichiwa
Good morning, good afternoon, good day.

Kore
When combined with a hand expression, it can mean either a male lover (fist 
with the thumb up and the nail facing away from the speaker) or a female 
lover (fist with the little finger up and the nail facing the speaker); used 
a lot in Nihon anime.

Kuni
Land.

Kuso
Shit. This word is a common Nihongo expletive

Kya
Oh! Standard exclamation.

Kya iie zo
Oh no! Standard Nihongo exclamation.

Kyuri
Cucumber, Nihongo slang for a penis.

M

Maa
Well. It is also used as a soothing sound to calm and comfort someone.

Mago
Grandchild

Magomusume
Granddaughter

Magomusuko
Grandson

Manzuri
Ten-thousand-rubs, most used Nihongo slang word for female masturbation.

Masaka
Jeez. Standard exclamation.

Mechakucha gu
Fucked-up good, Nihongo slang expression.

Mei
Nieces.

Meiyo
Honor

-Megami
Goddess. Honorific usually used to show respect to Tsunami.

Mekake
Concubine, in Nihon, it was normal for male lords to have more than one 
wife. The lord would have a wife-of-record while the others would be 
considered his concubines. While the wife was usually of the same caste as 
her lord, a concubine could come from any caste. When Ayeka used mekake to 
describe the relationship between the space pirate husbands and their Jurain 
wives, it means the men didn't treat the women as wives.

Mo
No.

Mochi
Nihonjin rice cake. These rice cakes can come in many favors.

Mono
Thing. Standard slang, to indirectly refer to a male's or a female's 
genitalia.


Moshi-moshi
Greetings. Used when answering a telephone.

Mujin no
Wild. Standard slang for a wild person.

Mune saiko wa yo
First class tits! Although mune can be used to describe any part of the 
chest, in Nihongo slang it is used to call female breasts as tits.

Musuko
Son.

Musume
Daughter.

Myoji
Surname.

N

Na
C'mon. Level one masculine particle.

Naku
Howl, Nihongo slang for a male orgasm.

Nama enso
Raw performance. Indirect standard slang for fellatio without a condom (more 
expensive since the onset of AIDS).

Nani
What

Nanto
How?

Nauii
Groovy. Trendy slang for good.

Naze no
Why? As it would be spoken by either gender.

Naze wa yo
Why? As it would be spoken by a female.

Nazukeoya
Godmother. The position of godparent(s) is found in most societies and its 
rights and responsibilities are usually the same: to be a parent to the 
godchild should both biological parents be unable to fulfill those duties 
because of other obligations. A bond of love can develop between the 
godparent(s) and the godchild with the godchild treating him/her as a third 
parent while the godparent will look upon him/her as a daughter/son.

Nazukrgo
Godchild.

Neechan
Affectionate word for sister (used a lot by Sasami for Ryoko, Mihoshi, Washu 
and Scully).

Neko
Cat, used extensively in standard slang for women and in gay slang for 
passive, effeminate partner.

Ne ne!
Ohhh! Standard exclamation used by females or someone trying to sound 
effeminate.

Netachi
This is Gay slang for someone who acts masculine but is really effeminate.

Nezumi
Mouse

Nigeru
Run away.

Nikkunemu
Nickname, Nihonjin love giving nicknames to persons, places or things.

Nihonjin
People, culture of Nihon.

Niisan
Brother.

Niichan
Affectionate word for brother (used a lot by Sasami for Tenchi).

Ninjin(s)
Carrot(s).

Notarin
Brainless, Nihongo slang for calling someone stupid.

Nozarubo
Field-monkey priest, Yakuza slang for the chief of police.

Nureta asoke
A wet over there. Indirect slang for a wet pussy, asoke is used a lot in 
anime.

Nyuji
Baby

O

Obasama
Very formal word for grandmother

Obasan
Formal word for grandmother

Odoriko
Danseuses, Yakuza slang for the toughest thugs.

Ofukuro gyaru
Mom girl, Nihongo slang for a girl who is assertive, who likes to fix, 
organize, arrange and mother everyone and everything in sight.

Ohayo
Good morning.

Oi
Depending on the kanji used it can mean nephew or the exclamation, Oh!

Oi, kore wa nan desu ka?
Oh, What's this? Standard Nihongo exclamation.

Oi ni
Very. Standard exclamation.

Ojisan
Formal word for uncle.

Ojiisama
Very formal word for grandfather.

Ojiisan
Formal word for grandfather.

Ojisama
Prince

Ojosan
Young girl, someone else's daughter.

Okachan
Affectionate word for mother.

Okasama
Very formal word for mother.

Okasan
Mother.

Oke
Okay. Nihongo-Amerika slang for agreement.

Okii Chichi
Big tits, breast fixation is a recent phenomenon caused by Nihon's 
Westernization. Before the last world war no one (except for a visiting 
gaijin) paid any attention to topless farm girls working in the rice fields.

Okusan
Wife.

Ome
Hey! Standard Nihongo exclamation.

Omeko
Vagina, standard Nihongo slang.

Onee
Sister. With onee-san it is used in gay slang as a cute or girlish form of 
address.

Oneesama
Very formal word for sister (Sasami uses it as a nickname for Ayeka).

Ongakukashu
Musician-singer.

Onna
Woman. When I saw how similar onna and oni were I couldn't resist using 
them.

Oni
Demon. Standard slang to describe women (women are sometimes described as 
having horns).

Oniisama
Very formal word for brother.

Oniisan
Formal word for brother

Ototo
Younger brother

Otouchan
The affectionate word for father.

Otousan
Formal word for father.

Otousama
Very formal word for father.

Otto
Husband

Oujosama
Very formal word for princess.

Oya, Maa
Oh, my! Standard exclamation.

Oyasumi
Goodnight.

Oyasumi, redi, soredewa nochihodo
Goodnight, ladies, see you later. Standard Nihongo parting.

P

Petto
Pet

Pinku rozu-chan
Little pink rose. Nihongo-Amerika high school slang for a little virgin.

R

Raba
Amerika-Nihongo slang used exclusively for male lovers (should be used only 
when speaker is sure his listeners know what he means since the word can 
also be used to mean a condom, a rubber).

Rabujusu
Love juice. Nihongo-Amerika slang for sperm.

Ragiri
Penis cut. Nihongo slang for a sex-change operation.

Ryosei
Both sexes. Formal Nihongo word for a hermaphrodite.

Ryoshin
Parents.

Ryu
Dragon (tatsu can also be used).

S

-Sama
Mr. Miss. or Mrs., honorific to a very formal relationship.

-San
Mr. Miss. or Mrs., honorific to show a normal relationship.

Sarariman
Salary-man, name given to white-collar workers in Nihon.

Satooya
Foster parent, this is not an unusual practice among the noble houses of 
Nihon and the West.

Satsujin hannin
Murderer.

Sawari-ma
Touch-Devil. Standard slang for a specific hentai.

Sayonara
Goodbye

Segare
My son.

Sencha
Nihon green tea.

Seppuku
Ritual suicide.

Shinjare'kka yo
Man! Unbelievable! Standard Nihongo exclamation.

Shinjinnai
I don't believe it. Standard Nihongo exclamation.

Shinkai
A new shell, Nihongo slang for a virgin.

Shinshi
Gentlemen.

Shitei
Children

Shojo
Girl.

Shonen
Boy.

Shukujo
Noblewoman

Subarashii
Magnificent, wonderful, standard Nihongo exclamation.

Suge gu
Totally awesome. Standard slang.

Suke
Bitch. Standard derogatory slang for a woman.

Suri
Standard slang for a pickpocket.

T

Tadshii
Correct. Standard exclamation.

Tachiyaku
Masculine homosexual, this Nihongo slang word comes from the Kabuki theater 
where its used to describe the dynamic male role, the samurai with his 
katana ready for action.

Teme
Yo Asshole! The most extreme masculine word for you, it is considered 
especially violent when used to call out to someone.

Teppo
Gun, just like in America a rough Nihongo male will use more aggressive 
stick slang words to describe his penis.

-Tono
Honorific used when addressing a superior or master.

Tora-onna
Tigress

Torii
Sacred Gate. Marks the boundary between the normal world and the sacred 
world.

Tsukami
Gripper, Standard slang for a pickpocket.

Tsunbi
Virgin.

Tsuriouto
Tourist.

U

Uaa
Wow. Standard exclamation.

Un
Yes or that's right. Standard exclamation.

Uso
Fib

W

Wa
I. Also the female particle for right in its strongest form.

Wakai josei
Young women

Watashi no kare
My she, standard, indirect slang used by a female to call their boyfriend.

Y

Ya da atashi!
No Way! A Standard exclamation.

Yachigari
Twat kid, Yakuza slang for a pre-teen girl.

Yaappii
Yippee, Yeah. Standard exclamation.

Yakichi
Dwarfs, a derogatory Yakuza slang word for pickpockets (pickpockets are 
looked upon by the elitist criminals as the bottom feeders of crime).

Yakisoba
Noodles.

Yancha
Naughty. Standard slang.

Yanchashojo
Naughty girl. Standard slang.

Yatta
Cool!

Yatsu
Guy. Standard slang.

Yokereba
If you like. Standard Nihongo phase.

Yubizeme
Finger attack, depending on the situation this Nihongo slang word can either 
mean a woman fingering a man's anus or a man fingering a woman's vagina.

Yukata
A lightweight kimono.

Yuki na kirimanjaro
Can mean either the cum of a young vagina or the cum of a virgin. This 
Nihongo slang word is an upbeat pun from the name of the African mountain, 
Kilimanjaro (Kiri > cut, man > vagina, with jaro left on to clinch the 
naughty word game).

Yushoku
Dinner

Z

-Zoku
Family.

IDIOMS:

A real dancer
A reckless person.

Adding a tail and fins to his story
To exaggerate.

Belly boiling over
To be angry.

Break a bone
To make an extra effort.

Breathing hard through their noses
To be keyed up.

Don't hurt your heart
To worry

Don't return my words to me
To talk back.

Don't spread your mind
To worry.

Doesn't like it boiled or grilled.
Hide's his intentions.

Drawing a dream in my mind
To imagine.

Earn a star
To win, to gain favor.

End in smoke
To waste, to dissipate.

Eye of ocha
A playful, mischievous child.

Face to lose color
To lose composure.

Feelings for their work
To enjoy your work.

Feel the sunshine instead of the rain
To prefer praise.

Find the end of the thread
To find the solution of a problem.

Flipped out
To have an orgasm.

Flesh and bones aren't as strong as they use to be
To be old, without youth.

Free your mind of that doubt
To trust.

Heard water sprinkle
So quiet you can hear a pin drop.

Her sorrow has torn asunder her intestines
Heartbroken.

His body is scorched
To be consumed with love for another.

Hoist an innocent for a blood festival
To make someone a scapegoat.

I can do it before choshoku
Very easy to do.

I erect a vow to you
To make a vow.

I grind my mind
To rack one's mind.

I knew not the world enough
Naïve.

I'm an akurei in heaven
Perverse person.

I'm eager with vigor
To be rash

I make your eyes grow dizzy
To be dazzled by something.

I sigh with a blue breath
To be suffering.

It takes a strong man to cross a dangerous bridge
To take risks.

It's your eighteenth skill level
One's forte.

I was so much a tigress
To get roaring drunk.

Keep our appetites from advancing our weight
To have a big appetite.

Knees have always mingled
To have an intimate talk. To be intimate like mother-to-daughter or 
sister-to-sister.

Leave it thin
To feel uneasy (One's heart is thin).

Leave my hips
To be scared stiff.

Like flipping my palm
Easily.

Make my heart jump
To get excited.

Merit in his liver
Like in the West, the liver was where one's soul reside before the influence 
of the Romance period shifted it to the heart. The same has happened in 
Nihon.

My hand loses contact
To lose courage.

My legs are so thin
To be inexperienced, a fish-out-of-water.

My mouth will be enriched by your food
To be a gourmet.

My oil is low
To be exhausted.

Need to distribute all our eyes
To watch carefully.

No scales covering my eyes
To see the light.

Pain in my chest
To be worried about something.

Place needles in my words
Nasty tone.

Polish your martial arms
To polish one's skill.

Putting your heart into something
Putting your heart into your thoughts
To be thoughtful.

Rain of blood
Destruction, death.

Ripples in the water
To create a stir.

Show the legs of my horse
To reveal one's thoughts, plans.

Someone under false gilding
To disguise one's true intentions or nature, flying under false colors.

Stretching my attention to its fullest
To be fully alert.

Swallow the tune of the words
To learn another language's words.

Tears of blood
Tears of anguish.

Time to leave dream's streets
Time to wake up.

The head I held up high was brought low
To be humble.

To pick up my hips
To take action.

To steal my eyes
To be blind or unable to see.

To wrap herself in smoke
To be evasive

Unsealed ears can hear
Where spies can hear.

Using your mouth wrongly
To say something nasty.

Your quick hands
A lady-killer or a make-out artist with a quick technique.

You're exposing your shame
To make a spectacle of oneself.

Water Bubble
To go down the drain.

Words of thorns
Harsh language

TITLES:

Aka Dokutsu
Red Cavern, a name that could easily be found in any Nihongo red-light 
district since it is also slang for a menstruating vagina.

Aka-san
Miss Red. Ryoko's nickname for Scully. Aka is also standard slang for 
menstruation.

Akakani
Red Crab. The name of Seto's Tree.

Akaruime
Brighteyes. Katsuhito's nickname for Achika and Sasami.

Akurei no hakai
Demon of Destruction. Title given to Ryoko in the True Tenchi Novels for her 
career as a space pirate. Originally I created this title for Ryoko before I 
found out about it in TTN.

Aoi Ai
Blue Love, a fairly common name for a brothel in any Nihongo red-light 
district.

Ayame
Ayeka uses the name as an alias and Tatsu uses it as a nickname for her.

Aza Productions
Black Eye Productions is one of the major media studios on Jurai. Most of 
its success is built on finding successes shows in small regional markets 
and selling them to Jurain and Galactic channels.

Buchou
Leader, the Nihongo word for a head of a business, a club or any organized 
body.

Cho-Ai Okori (Super-Love Dance)
A Pretty Sami's attack spell.

Diebaga
An alien food. Don't ask me what it is, I just made it up for the series.

Futatsu Kaga
Two Shadows. Name given to Ryoko and Handover by the Galaxy Police.

Ginga Yunion
The Galactic Union. According to the True Tenchi Novels, at the time of 
Ryoko's attack on Jurai, relations between Jurai and the Galactic Union were 
poor due to a cold war relationship between Jurai and Seniwa, another member 
of the Union. By the time of the Tenchi OVA, this political climate seemed 
to have changed because Jurai is now the major economic power within the 
Union.

Gohei
The gohei is a dark-lacquered pole with lightening-shaped streamers attached 
to the top of it. The gohei represents the tree the Kami resides in after 
he/she has been asked to join the worshippers. The streamers represent the 
power of the Kami. When the guji uses the gohei, he/she is bringing forth 
the power of Kami to perform its function much as the wine and the bread in 
a Christian ceremony is transformed into the blood and body of Christ.

Guji
Chief priest at a Shinto shrine.

Haiden
Hall of worship. Depending on when a Shinto shrine is built, the haiden and 
the honden can either be two separate buildings or combined as one. If the 
haiden and the honden are combined, a part of the room is partitioned from 
the rest of the room. The haiden is usually a very plain room with the floor 
covered with tatami mats (hemp-fiber mats) and a modest size altar in front 
with the gohei (a dark lacquered pole) next to it. The simpleness of the 
room is meant to emphasis the ceremonies performed in the hall and the 
participants. This doesn't mean that Shinto rituals can only be performed at 
a Shinto shrine. Every shrine has a portable altar and a priest, whose 
responsibility is to go to appointments to bless sites, weddings (if the 
couple want to do the wedding at home, wedding hall or some natural place) 
and other functions.

Himawari
Sunflower is Mihoshi's nickname.

Honden Hall
Hall of the Kami, this is where the sacred items of the shrine are kept. 
These sacred items are usually a sword, a mirror and/or a necklace but they 
are some different ones too. It's been hinted by the chief priest at the 
Nagasaki Suwa-jinja that one of the shrine's sacred item is from the first 
Catholic Church built there in the 17th Century, which would be unique since 
Shinto Shrine's tend to borrow from already existing customs, rituals and 
sacred items in an attempt to entice those who follow them. Most rural 
Shinto Shrines still have a sacred tree or some natural landscape where the 
Kami is suppose to reside too (some of them can still be found at the urban 
shrines but they are harder to discover). Only Shinto priests are allowed 
into this room.

Honoo-chan
Little flame. Katsuhito's nickname for Scully.

-isha
Doctor

Inkushimi
Inkspot. Achika's nickname for Nobuyuki.

Isekiwari
Ruin Breaker is a nickname given to Kagato.

Jigoku
Buddhist Hell, where all demons come from and where very wicked people will 
end up in.

Juraigo
Language of Jurai.

-jinja
Shinto Shrine.

Joshu
Assistant.

Juraijin
People or culture of Jurai.

Kaishaku
This title denotes a person who is responsible for beheading a person 
commenting seppuku. It is usually someone that is trusted by the person 
commenting seppuku, even an honorable enemy.

Kaizoku Hoten
The Pirate Code. You wouldn't think this was possible but pirate groups also 
had code of behavior for its members. The code was usually voted on by the 
members and enforced by an elected council. Such a code covered the way loot 
was divided among members, the compensation for crippled members, the 
protection of family members, the member's behavior during combat (the 
non-killing of defenseless or unresisting people) and a list of prohibited 
targets (the most well known Pirate Code was the one enforced by Jean 
Laffete).

Kawatta-san
Mr. Weird. Nickname given to Anthony MacClean.

Keibu Saisho Kaikyu
Detective First Class

Ki-chan
Sapling, Ryoko's nickname for Handover.

Kishi Jurai
Knight of Jurai. An organization developed by Tsunami-megami for those who 
can't be bondmates but want to serve her and Jurai. Bodyguards, agents and 
specialists come from this body.

Ko-Oh-Yoku
Lighthawk Wings, in most of the reference material I've seen (Tenchi 101 on 
the Tenchi OAV DVD and GOO Tenchi Muyo RPG and Resource Book), the lighthawk 
wings are the manifestation of the Kami's aura. First-generation and 
second-generation treeships and their bondmates can manifest lighthawk wings 
on their own while it takes several third generation ships and their 
bondmates to do it together. The source of this ability is most likely 
Tsunami but this isn't true for Ryoko and it might not be true for Tenchi. 
Ryoko is suppose to be able to manifest lighthawk wings when she possesses 
all three of Washu's Gems. Tenchi has an internal ability to create three 
lighthawk wings but how he was born with this power is unknown.

Kotei Jurai
Emperor of Jurai.

Murasaki-san
Miss. Purple. Ryoko's nickname for Ayeka.

Nakodo Oken Jurai Kon'in
Matchmaker of Royal Jurai Weddings, this is the title and position held by 
Ayeka-Tatsu at the end of Teardrops of Startica. The position of matchmaker 
is of extreme importance in most societies until just the last forty years. 
Still, in some places like Nihon, a person will go to a matchmaker to 
arrange meetings with individuals of the opposite sex. Used as a way to 
break-the-ice, it can led to dates between two persons but not necessary to 
marriage. It is not uncommon for a person go through several meetings before 
finding the right mate. Mostly young people trust in love to find their 
soulmate but it is not unusual to have a matchmaker involved in the marriage 
ceremony and the reception.

Neko-onna
Catwoman. Nickname for Ryoko.

Niji-dono
Rainbow. Mihoshi's family nickname for Seto.

Ninjin-chan
Little Carrot. Scully's Nihongo nickname.

Oken Iinkai Jurai
Royal Council of Jurai

Oken Uchu Akademi
Royal Space Academy. Originally founded by Jurai, the academy remained under 
their control until Washu became chairman. Washu made the academy 
independent of Jurai's direct influence, expanded its physical form to cover 
several planets and changed its title to Ginga Akademi (Galaxy Academy). 
Washu was still its chairman when she disappeared.

Oni Hime Jurai
Demon Princess of Jurai, Seto's unofficial Jurain title.

Onna Jurai
Women of Jurai, a title used to describe those women who married the 
invading space pirates as part of a pact between Tsunami and the space 
pirates. The invaders wanted to use Tsunami's offspring to create powerful 
ships.

Otoko Yamome
Widower

Oujo-chan
Little Princess. Ayeka's nickname used by her mother and other family 
members as well as by Ryoko.

Oujosama no Jurai
Princess of Jurai is Sasami's official title.

Ryokoakurei
Demon Ryoko. Title for Ryoko in local legends.

Saishono Kantai
First Navy, this fleet's responsibility is to protect Jurai.

Saishono Ki Jurai
First Tree of Jurai, one of Tsunami's many titles.

Saishono Kishi Jurai
First Knight of Jurai. Title given to Horosha by the bondmates. It's 
considered a great loss of face for anyone else to use this title.

Saishono Oujosama Jurai
First Princess of Jurai. Title given to the eldest daughter of the Emperor, 
currently held by Masaki Ayeka Jurai.

Seijingi
This is a childhood ritual performed between a Juraijin child's fourth to 
eighth birthday. If the child has the ability to be a bondmate, Tsunami will 
appear. For those who are lucky, this is usually the first meeting a person 
has with Tsunami. I created this ceremony to mirror the Shichi-Go-San with a 
little twist.

Sempai
Title for fellow students, club members and other members of a organized 
body.

Shingu-chan
Little pearl, Ayeka's nickname to Yoko.

Shinshoku
Shinto Priest.

Sobakasu
Freckles, Horosha's nickname for Sasami.

Takarazuka Revue
Founded in 1914 by Kobayashi Ishizo, the theatre produces musicals with a 
mixture a West-East styles. With an all-female cast, it creates some of the 
best musicals in Nihon (many of them based on successful manga stories and 
Western plays).

Tatami Mats
Tatami mats are hemp-fiber mats that cover many traditional Nihonjin homes. 
Most modern Nihonjin homes only have the mats in certain locations but 
originally they were used to keep the hardwood floors of most homes clean 
and unmarked. The mats were changed annually (there's a special day for you 
to do this) and even today the size of a room is measured in tatami mats 
(the average Nihonjin apartment is usually three to five tatami mats, very 
small by Western standards).

Uchu Kaizoku
Space Pirate. A title I created for Ryoko because in Nihonjin a pirate was 
more than just a raider. Pirates from China and Korea founded many of 
Nihon's noble houses and later on, Nihonjin pirates were the eyes and ears 
of the Emperor and the Shogun, which earned them a certain amount of respect 
or at least tolerance.



Uchu Kaizoku Kunshu
Space Pirate Lord. These few make up the elected pirate council that 
controls the Kaizoku Guild and enforces the Kaizoku Hoten, the Pirate Code. 
An example of an Uchu Kaizoku Kunshu is Seto.

Umeboshi
Pickled Nihon plum. Pickled vegetables are found in every Nihonjin meal. One 
of the interesting use of a umeboshi is in school kids' bentos (also called 
obento: honorable lunch box). "The indispensable ingredient is a field of 
pure, bright, white rice with a plump, red, pickled plum set in the middle, 
the inspirational rising sun of Japan." Japanese Women by Deborah Fallows, 
National Geographic, April 1990 pg. 52-83.

Versailles no Bara
The Rose of Versailles. One of the most popular girl's manga ever published, 
the story is "a tale of a young woman raised as a man in the family of the 
captain of Marie Antoinette's palace guard." This has been a hit musical 
play for the Takarazuka Revue.

Yachitoro
Bogmaster, Nihongo slang for a prostitute's john or for someone who punishes 
prostitutes for breaking the rules.

Yomotsu no Kuni
Land of Shadows, the Nihon land of the dead. All the spirits of the dead 
come here, even dead deities.

Yonnozoku
Gang of Four. The townhouse occupants' nickname for the Clamp girls (all 
four girls are very reclusive individuals, rarely making public appearances 
but because of their stories, I believe all four are big time pranksters).

Bibliography

Random House Japanese-English, English-Japanese Dictionary

Japanese Idioms

Japanese Street Slang

Japanese Slang Uncensored

The Anime Companion

See my notes for Strange Days to get a full description of these wonderful 
books.

