

Tenchi 1/2
A Tenchi Muyo!--Ranma 1/2 crossover by Saotome Tenchi @aol.com

Tenchi Muyo! is the property of Pioneer LDC and AIC.  Ranma 1/2 was created 
by Rumiko Takahashi.  
Tenchi Muyo! and Ranma 1/2 characters and situations are being used without 
permission for this not for profit fanfic. 
So please no wagering.  ^_^   

The following fanfic is inspired by the above and from the following fanfic 
writers:  
     Wade Tritscwaller, Jim Bader, D.B. Sommer, David Tai, Paul Gallegos,
     Thomas "009" Doscher, Stephen Tsai, Robert Haynie and D.F. Roeder.  
Take a bow people, you've earned it!  ^_^

The following fanfic has been dubbed for your reading pleasure.  ^_^


                                 TENCHI 1/2
                                 CHAPTER I
                           "No Need For A Fiancée"


[It is raining upon a portion of the Tokyo metropolitan area. Panning down, 
we can see through the morning haze a non-descript street. It looks like any 
street in Tokyo, save for three unusual figures running down the middle of 
it.  You would expect them to be morning joggers, but as we get closer, it 
can be seen that one of the figures is a panda!  The other figures (being 
chased by said panda) are two girls (a petit red head wearing a red Chinese 
silk shirt and black pants, and a tall, raven-haired girl wearing a teal 
Chinese silk shirt and black pants) carrying what looks like enormous 
backpacks on their backs. As the girls are running along, the panda is 
trying to attack them with precise, timed strikes.  Both girls jump up, turn 
around, and plant their feet into the panda's face, knocking it down hard.  
Standing back up, the girls turn and face the fallen panda.]

RED-HAIRED GIRL: [Getting into a combat stance, to panda]  Yo! Cut that out! 

RAVEN-HAIRED GIRL: [Also getting into a combat stance, also to panda]  I  
                    thought that we were going to go to my home first!

[As the panda gets up, they both punch the panda hard, who falls down some 
distance from them. They turn around and start to walk down the street when, 
quite unexpectedly, the panda appears behind them and knocks them forward on 
the rain-slicked surface. Maintaining their balance, they twist around and 
come to a stop at an intersection attracting the attention of quite a few 
passerbys. They both resume their combat stances as the panda approaches 
them while the raven-haired girl pulls out what looks like to be a sword 
from nowhere.]

RED-HAIRED GIRL: [To panda]  Well, it still sucks!  Your move!  

RAVEN-HAIRED GIRL:  [Brandishing sword, also to panda]  Well, I think that 
                     you're crazy to pick out his fiancée without even 
                     asking him what he thinks!

[The panda attacks the red-head, who blocks each punch, then grabs the 
panda's paw and flips it over her head to land in a heap against a wall (on 
the way, the raven-haired girl whacks the panda on the head with the 
sword).]

RED-HAIRED GIRL:  [To Panda] We're going back to China!  So suck on that old 
                    man!  [To Raven-haired girl]  Hey, you did pretty good.  
                    It looks like you're getting comfortable being a 
                    girl...urk!

[Upon hearing that, the raven-haired girl's battle aura flares, and she 
whacks the red head with her sword knocking her out.]

RAVEN-HAIRED GIRL:  [To red head]  Used to...yes!  [Whacks red head]  But 
                     comfortable?! NO!! 

[Sighing, the raven-haired girl puts her sword away and prepares to pick up 
both the packs, and the red head, when WHAM! she gets knocked unconscious by 
a simple wooden sign that says:  "An opening!"]

******************

[The Tendo School of Anything Goes Martial Arts.  Later that same day.  In 
the living room, Soun Tendo is crying over a postcard from his old friend 
Genma Saotome:  'Tendo, bringing Ranma and Tenchi from China. Saotome.'] 

SOUN TENDO:  [Tears streaming down his face]  At last he's coming!  At last 
               the pact can be fulfilled! [Raising his Voice]  Kasumi!  
               Nabiki!  Akane!  Come here!  I've got some exciting news to 
               tell you!

[When nobody shows up, he gets up and collects his errant daughters.  He 
finds Kasumi and Nabiki, but can't find Akane.  Soun sends Nabiki to find 
Akane.  She finds her in the first place she looks--the dojo.]

[The Tendo Dojo.  Akane is kneeling near the family shrine intently studying 
two bricks.]

AKANE:  [Shouting]  HIYAH!!

[She brings her hand down and smashes through them.  She sighs as she wipes 
her brow looking at a job well done (if you would call a pile of rubble a 
job well done).  She hears a camera shutter click and sees Nabiki in the 
dojo's doorway.]

NABIKI:  [Chiding tone]  There you go again, Akane.  I hope that you know 
           that this is why the boys think that you're so weird.

AKANE:  [Agitated tone]  Well I don't care what THEY think!  Why does it 
          always seem that the whole world has to revolve around THEM!

NABIKI:  [Thinks]  <If you only knew...>  [Speaks nonchalantly]  Oh, then I 
           guess that this won't interest you, anyway.  [She leaves and 
           heads towards the house.]

[Soon, Kasumi, Nabiki, and Akane are seated around the table, Akane 
seemingly more sour than her usual self, still dressed in her training gi 
from her earlier workout.  Nabiki has, for some reason, changed into a nice 
kimono.]

SOUN:  I asked you here to tell you about the fiancé that is coming to 
         visit...

KASUMI, NABIKI, AKANE:  [Together, in astonished voices]  Fiancé??? 

SOUN:  [Continuing, as if he didn't hear them] ...he is the son of a very 
         good friend of mine.  The son's name is Ranma Saotome.  If one of 
         you three girls would marry Ranma, it would unite our two schools 
         of Anything Goes Martial Arts and then you and he could carry on 
         this training hall and the Tendo family legacy would be secure.

AKANE:  [Raising her voice]  Wait a minute!  Don't we have some say in who 
          we would want to marry?

KASUMI:  [Quiet, even tone]  She's right, Father.  We've never even met 
           Ranma.

NABIKI:  [To Akane]  Kasumi does have a point, Akane, but maybe you should 
           hold your judgment until you meet him.  You never know, he could 
           be real cute.  [To Soun]  Right, Daddy?

SOUN:  [Laughs nervously, then glances at the postcard]  He'll be here any 
         minute, now.  However, recently he, his father, and his cousin 
         Tenchi Masaki, have been on a training mission.  Their last stop 
         before coming here was China.  [While he is saying this, he stands 
         up and looks out upon the yard]

NABIKI:  [Impressed]  Ooo! China!

AKANE:  [Not at all impressed]  So, they hiked all the way to China.  
          Big deal!

KASUMI:  [Pointing out the obvious]  Father, how old is this Ranma person?

NABIKI:  [Hopeful voice]  Is he cute?

KASUMI:  Younger men are so...well, young.

NABIKI:  What kind of guy is he?

SOUN:  [Laughs, turns his head toward his daughters]  I don't know.

NABIKI:  [Stern expression]  You don't know?

SOUN:  [Turns his head back]  I've never met him.

[One nervous moment of silence later...]

AKANE:  [thinking]  <I just don't believe this!  He wants to marry one of us 
          off and he's never even met the bum!>

[Just then, there can be heard sounds coming from outside the house.  Sounds 
that sound like two people arguing to a third silent person.]

VOICE:  [Yelling]  Let me down, you old fool!  I don't want anything to do 
          with this!  Now put me down!

SECOND VOICE:  [Also yelling, at the same time as the first voice]  Let me 
                go!  Why can't we go to my home first!

[The sound of the front door sliding open is heard]

KASUMI:  Sounds like we have visitors!

NABIKI:  [Getting up, excitement in her voice]  It must be Ranma!  [Heads 
           towards the front door]

SOUN:  [Also going towards the front door]  Saotome, my friend!  We've been 
waiting for you...

[Akane and Kasumi get up and start to head to the front door]

KASUMI:  [Quiet voice]  I do hope that he's older than me.

[Just then, a cry can be heard from Nabiki as both she and Soun race back 
with a panda carrying two struggling people hot on their tails.  They meet 
up with Akane and Kasumi and turn and face their visitors.]

RED-HAIRED GIRL:  [Worry in her voice]  C'mon Pop! You're scaring 'em 
                    spitless!

RAVEN-HAIRED GIRL:  [Equal worry in her voice]  Yeah!  Show some 
                      consideration for once in your life!

[The panda stops before the Tendo family]

KASUMI:  [A small amount of concern in her voice]  So, Father, is this your 
           friend?

[Soun shakes his head]

NABIKI:  [Sarcastically]  Oh, right.  So a panda just happens to drop in out 
           of nowhere and see us, is that right?

[Soun shakes his head again as the panda places his two charges onto the 
floor in front of it.  The two girls just stand there and look very 
sheepishly at the Tendos.  The dark-haired girl on the left is a head taller 
than the red head on the right.]

SOUN:  [After a minute, points towards the raven-haired girl]  You wouldn't 
         be Ran...[She shakes her head and then casually points to the red 
         head]...then you must be...

RED HAIRED GIRL:  [Sheepish, low voice]  I'm Ranma Saotome.  Sorry about 
                    this.

RAVEN HAIRED GIRL:  [Equally sheepish]  And I'm Tenchi Masaki.  What 'he' 
                     said.

SOUN:  [Slowly]  At last, you're here.  Welcome.  I'm so glad that you're 
         here.

NABIKI:  [Getting a good look at Ranma]  Ooo!  He is cute!

[Soun then embraces Ranma in a big hug.  After a few seconds, Soun realizes that 
something is definitely wrong here.  Ranma just doesn't feel right for some 
reason.  Releasing his embrace, he suddenly realizes that he's been hugging a 
girl!  He stands there in shock.]

[Nabiki, seeing that her father is in shock takes a closer look at Ranma and 
sees something she missed the first time around.  She notices that Ranma has 
breasts!  She pokes and prods Ranma to confirm her findings]

RANMA:  [GIRL, quiet, disgusted voice]  C'mon, would you stop that!

[Tenchi looks on in shock and wonders just what is wrong with this family!]

NABIKI:  [Notices that Tenchi is also a girl]  Ranma's not a boy!  He's a 
           girl!  And so is Tenchi!

SOUN:  [Hesitantly]  A g-girl?  [He then swoons and faints]

KASUMI:  [Worry in her voice]  Father!

[Later, Soun is on the floor in a makeshift bed.  Everyone is sitting next 
to him waiting for him to awaken. (left to right) Akane, Tenchi, Ranma, 
Nabiki.  The panda is sitting behind them and Kasumi is sitting near Soun's 
head]

KASUMI:  [Worried tone]  Oh, poor father!  He must be so disappointed at 
           this!

[At this time, Soun's eyes open and he just stares at the ceiling]

NABIKI:  [Disappointment in her voice]  Disappointed?  He's not the only 
           one!  [Indicates Ranma]  Look at her!  Some Fiancé! 

AKANE:  [Scolding tone]  Stop it you two!  He--she--they are our guests.  
          Show some respect, please.

[While Ranma sits there morosely, Tenchi looks over and smiles at Akane, who 
returns it.]

KASUMI:  [Now noticing that Soun is awake]  Oh, look!  Father is awake, now.

NABIKI:  [Accusing tone]  This is all your fault, Daddy!  I would think that 
           even you would know the difference between a boy and a girl!

SOUN:  I assumed that my friend Genma's son was a boy!  But I also thought 
         that Tenchi was a boy too!

NABIKI:  [Grabbing a handful of Ranma's breasts, accusing tone]  Does THIS 
           look like a boy to you?  [Squeezes]

[Tenchi is getting ready to reach over and slap Nabiki's hand when Ranma 
speaks...]

RANMA:  [GIRL, quietly]  Please, I'd wish you'd stop that.

AKANE:  [Scolding tone]  You heard her Nabiki!  Now let go!  [She does]  A 
          guest is a guest!  [Friendly tone, to Ranma.  Tenchi stands up and 
          moves out of the way]  Do you want and go and practice?  I'm 
          Akane...[Grins]...Want to be friends?

[Ranma looks at Akane, returns the grin, and silently nods her head.  Tenchi 
looks upon this and makes a decision]

TENCHI:  [GIRL, to Akane]  Mind if I tag along?

[Akane nods her head and then leads the two girls to the dojo]

*******************

[The Tendo Dojo.  Akane leads Ranma and Tenchi in.]

AKANE:  [To Ranma]  You studied Kempo, right?

RANMA:  [GIRL]  A little...

TENCHI:  [GIRL, humorous tone]  Don't be so modest.

AKANE:  [Ignoring Tenchi's remark]  Then, why don't we have a little match?  

RANMA:  [GIRL]  Huh?

AKANE:  [Laughter in her voice]  C'mon, just for fun.

[Ranma and Akane walk to the center of the room while Tenchi stays by the door.]

AKANE:  [Getting into her stance, humorous voice]  Don't worry, I won't hurt 
          you.

[While Akane says this, Ranma is just standing across from her with a 
neutral expression on her face]

[Akane then goes into a combat stance and throws a punch at Ranma!  She 
jumps straight up to avoid it, much to Akane's surprise.  Akane then comes 
back with a one-two punch-kick, which Ranma easily avoids.  Akane repeats 
this (with the same results)]

AKANE:  [Frustration starting to show]  What's the matter? Attack me!

[Tenchi is watching this with a look of slight bemusement on her face]

[Akane throws three more rapid punches, which Ranma easily avoids]

AKANE:  [Frustration building, thinks]  <Why am I missing her?  Can she be 
          reading my moves?>  [Frustration shows]  Okay!  This time for 
          real!

[Akane charges Ranma with a yell and throws a punch...and puts her fist 
through the wall.  Ranma avoids the punch by jumping over Akane at the last 
second.  Tenchi has a stupid grin on her face which she hides before Akane 
can notice.  Ranma then pokes the back of Akane's head, signaling the end of 
the match.  Akane glares at Ranma who begins to laugh and Akane joins in.]

AKANE:  [Stops laughing]  You're pretty good!  [Starts to walk off]  I'm 
          just really glad that you're a girl!  

RANMA:  [GIRL, surprised]  What?

AKANE:  It's just...I'm really glad that you're not a boy.  [She leaves the 
          dojo]

[Ranma just stands there in silence.  Tenchi walks up next to her, concern 
on her face]

TENCHI:  [GIRL]  Now, what was that all about?

*************************

[The Tendo home, at sunset.  In the living room, Soun is kneeling across 
from his old friend, Genma Saotome.  They both have tears streaming down 
their cheeks.  Nabiki walks by and stops to see who the stranger is, then 
continues on.]

SOUN:  [Emotional] So, that's it.  [Genma nods, Soun looks at the setting 
         sun]  The path of the true martial artists are fraught with many 
         untold perils.

[Upstairs at the Tendo home, Kasumi is showing Ranma and Tenchi to their 
room]

KASUMI:  Here, you both can have this room.  [Opens door and shows them in]  
          Ranma, Tenchi, would you like to freshen up and have a bath?   
          [Ranma and Tenchi protest, but give in]  Especially you, Ranma, 
          since you've been exercising.  [Kasumi hands them both a towel.]

[Later, Kasumi is in the kitchen preparing dinner when Nabiki sticks her 
head in the doorway]

NABIKI:  [Questioning voice]  Kasumi, who is that strange man sitting in the 
           living room with Daddy?

KASUMI:  [Unconcerned]  Who knows?

NABIKI:  Oh.

KASUMI:  [Remembering the bath]  Nabiki, please tell Akane that she can take 
           her bath, now.

NABIKI:  Okay.

[The Tendo bathroom.  Ranma and Tenchi are here.  Ranma has finished washing 
and is soaking in the furo, while Tenchi is only just beginning to wash.  
Minutes later, Akane enters the changing room.]

AKANE:  [Sees the discarded clothes in the hamper]  I guess that we can take 
          turns taking a bath.  [Begins to undress]

[The furo, minutes later.  Ranma and Tenchi are soaking in the warm water 
(both are boys).]

TENCHI:  [BOY]  You know that they're going to find out eventually.

RANMA:  [BOY]  I know.  Might as well go out like we are.  [Prepares to 
          stand up]

[At this time, Akane is holding her towel and is heading toward the inner 
door (conveniently ignoring the 'knock first' sign)]

RANMA:  [BOY.  Stands up just as Akane opens the inner door.  Shocked 
          expression, freezes in place]  Wha?

[Everyone is shocked into silence and remains in whatever position that they 
are currently in.  The first movement is Tenchi turning around with his face 
very red.  Akane and Ranma just stare at each other until Akane closes the 
door and gets dressed.  She exits the changing room and quietly closes the 
door.]

AKANE:  [Recovers from shock, takes a breath]  
          AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!

[Akane's shout reverberates throughout  the Tendo home startling all those 
present.  As Akane runs downstairs (still screaming) she passes Kasumi and 
Nabiki bringing out dinner, then runs into the living room, where she picks 
up the table (Genma and Soun saving their food and drink) and holds it over 
her head in a threatening manner.]

AKANE:  [Very angry]  I'll kill them!  I'll kill them both!  I'll drown them 
          in the bathtub!

KASUMI:  [Calm in spite of all the excitement]  What is it Akane?  What's 
           the matter?  What are you going to do with that?

AKANE:  [Still angry]  There's a couple of perverts in the bathroom!

NABIKI:  [Concerned]  Well, Akane, why didn't you just clobber them?

AKANE:  [Still angry]  Because I was outnumbered, is that all right?

KASUMI:  [Concerned voice]  I hope Ranma and Tenchi are all right.  I 
           thought that they were in there taking a bath right now.

[Ranma and Tenchi walk up]

RANMA:  [BOY, quiet voice]  Excuse us.  

[Everyone turns toward the two boys.  Ranma is standing on the left, Tenchi 
is on the right.  Ranma and Tenchi are wearing the same outfits the two 
girls were wearing (Ranma in red, Tenchi in teal).  Ranma and Tenchi are the 
same height.]

NABIKI:  [questioning tone]  And just who are you two?

RANMA:  [BOY, embarrassed tone]  I'm Ranma Saotome.  [Apologetic]  Sorry 
          'bout this.

TENCHI:  [BOY, embarrassed tone]  I'm Tenchi Masaki.  [Apologetic]  What he 
           said. 

[The Tendo sisters just stand in silence and stare at the bombshell that was 
just dropped on them.  Akane balances the table on her head to relieve the 
stress on her arms before eventually putting it down.]

********************************

[The Tendo home.  Later that evening.  The table has been put back and the 
Tendo sisters are sitting around it facing the yard.  Ranma, Tenchi, and 
Genma are sitting facing the table with their backs to the yard.  Soun is 
sitting on the side so that he can look at each grouping.  Akane has changed 
from her gi into a dress.]

SOUN:  I can explain everything, I think.  This is my old friend and 
         training partner...

GENMA:  [Picks up where Soun leaves off]  ...Genma Saotome.  [Indicates 
          Tenchi]  This is my nephew, Tenchi Masaki.  [Bows head, Genma 
          indicates Ranma]  And, my son...

RANMA:  [BOY, quiet voice]  Ranma.  [Gives a 'forgive me look' towards Akane 
          who just sits there with an angry expression on her face, not to 
          mention the growling.]

NABIKI:  This just keeps getting more 'interesting' by the moment.

KASUMI:  [Question directed towards Ranma and Tenchi]  Are you two really 
           those two girls that we saw earlier today?

[Tenchi looks at Ranma and nods his head.]

RANMA:  [BOY, quiet voice]  Yes, we are.

[A pregnant pause occurs.]

GENMA:  [Rising to his feet]  Well, now.  It's a long story, and I don't 
          know where to begin...

TENCHI:  [BOY, interrupts]  The beginning usually helps.

GENMA:  [Glares at Tenchi, but continues]  Well, then.  I guess we should 
          start with this!  [Reaches down and grabs Ranma and throws him 
          into the koi pond.  Tenchi gasps, but stays put.]

RANMA:  [GIRL, sits up in the pond, outraged voice]  WHAT'D YOU DO THAT 
          FOR!!

[The Tendo sisters just stare at Ranma in disbelief.]

KASUMI:  [As shocked as she can get]  Oh, my!  Now Ranma is a girl!

[Genma walks to the edge of the pond, Tenchi gets up and steps into the yard 
with a scowl on his face.]

GENMA:  [Scolding tone, towards Ranma]  I am so ashamed of you.  I can't 
          bear to see you like this.  [Ranma growls, tears streak down 
          Genma's face]  Ranma, you break your fathers' heart...oof!

[Tenchi, having had enough of Genma's rantings, leaps towards him (feet 
first) intending to kick him into the pond, when Ranma leaps over Genma and 
kicks him in!  Tenchi misses, yelps, and takes a dip.]

[Genma (in panda form) stands up with what looks like a look of resigned 
disgust upon its features.  Tenchi sits up behind the panda and silently 
berates herself for missing!  She stands up and helps Ranma with a panda 
beating.]

RANMA:  [GIRL, before the beating, anger in voice]  Who are you to talk 
          about me?  My pop's a panda!

[Soun stands next to his still shocked daughters.]

KASUMI:  [Still shocked, but recovering]  Father, you do have some strange 
           friends.

SOUN:  They weren't always like this.  It was the training in China that did 
         it to them.  [The beating still is going on.]  It happened during a 
         particular and dangerous training exercise.  Perhaps we should 
         wait few moments for them to come back to themselves.

***********************

[A quick, hot bath later.]

[The Tendo living room.  Everyone is back in their places from earlier.  
Ranma, Tenchi and Genma are back to their natural forms.  Genma continues 
his story.]

GENMA:  Yes, it all started a fateful month and a half ago.  We were on our 
          voyage to China, where we journeyed for many days and many nights.  
          We traveled to the Mt. Quanjing, Bayankala Range, Qinghai Province 
          of China, where we found what we were looking for...

[The flashback that follows is so well known that I'm just too lazy to type 
it all up.  ^_^  ]

[The only change to it is the presence of Tenchi.  He stands upon a pole 
above the Nyanniichuan waiting his turn to fight Genma.  At the time that 
Genma hits the pool and comes up as a panda, Tenchi is as shocked as Ranma 
and just stands there. Bad move.  When Genma swats Ranma, the arc would've 
carried Ranma OVER the pool, but with Tenchi just standing there, they 
collide, and both fall in.]

SOUN:  [Continuing after a very tense moment of silence]  The legendary land 
         of accursed springs.  It's true horror has been shrouded in 
         mystery...until now.

[Both Ranma and Tenchi react to the words "true horror"]

RANMA:  [BOY, angry voice]  What'd you mean "true horror"?  [Glares at 
          Genma]  This is all your fault, you old man!  Why did you have to 
          drag us to a place like that anyway?  

[Tenchi looks at Genma with an angry expression and just nods his head at 
what Ranma just said.]

GENMA:  [Stands up]  Ranma,  [grabs same]  you sound like a girl!  [Tosses 
          him into the pond.]

[Before Genma can even think, Tenchi stands up and kicks Genma into the 
yard, just missing the pond.]

TENCHI:  [BOY, angry voice]  That was uncalled for, you old man!  [Leaps 
           into yard after him.]

[Genma deflects Tenchi's assault which sends him into the pond.  Turning 
around, he looks at Ranma and Tenchi.]

GENMA:  [Scornful voice]  Were you two not prepared to lay down your lives 
          for the sake of the Art?

[Ranma and Tenchi look at each other and nod their heads in unison.]

TENCHI:  [GIRL, angry voice]  Our lives, yes...  [Leaps out of the pond]

RANMA:  [GIRL, angry voice]  But, our MANhood is another story!  [Runs at 
          Genma with a bucket of water and splashes him, turning him into 
          the panda.]

[The panda growls at Ranma and makes a threatening gesture.]

RANMA:  [GIRL, angry voice]  You just had to find that training ground now, 
          didn't you.

TENCHI:  [GIRL, angry voice, walking up next to Ranma]  It would've helped 
           if you could actually READ Chinese you old fool! 

[Backing up to the house, the panda starts to wrestle with Ranma while 
Tenchi just stands there hitting it on the head.]

SOUN:  [sympathetic voice]  How I suffer for all of you.  [Grabs a steaming 
         hot kettle and pours it over the panda while Tenchi jumps out of 
         the way.  The panda doesn't appreciate the hot water.]  When doused 
         with hot water, you return to human form.

GENMA:  [Shocked from the too hot water]  I don't think that it really needs 
          to be that HOT, thank you.

SOUN:  [Looks at Ranma]  When doused with cold water, you turn into a girl.  
         When doused with hot water...[Tries to pour hot water on Ranma, who 
         dodges it]...you turn back into a boy...

RANMA:  [GIRL, angry voice]  Hot water, not boiling hot!

[Tenchi comes over and stands next to Ranma (out of Soun's reach I might 
add)]

SOUN:  [Calm voice, to Ranma]  Well, now.  Your problem doesn't seem so 
         terrible after all.

TENCHI:  [GIRL, confused voice]  What do you mean?

SOUN:  [Looks at Tenchi, but pats Ranma on her shoulder]  I'll show you both 
         why...look, Ranma:  my oldest daughter, Kasumi.  She's 19.  My 
         middle daughter, Nabiki.  She's 17.  And my youngest daughter, 
         Akane.  She's 16.  Choose anyone you want, then she'll be your new 
         fiancée.

KASUMI:  [Thinking fast]  Oh, he'll want Akane, of course.

NABIKI:  [Agreeing completely]  I couldn't agree with you more.

AKANE:  [Outraged]  WHAT?  What the heck are you thinking?  Why would I want 
          to be even associated with her...um, him?

NABIKI:  Because you hate boys, right?

KASUMI:  Well, I guess that you're in luck, Akane, Ranma is half girl.

AKANE:  [Outraged]  Me?  Marry that pervert?  I don't think so!

[At this insult, Ranma takes a step away from Tenchi and gives Akane the 
evil eye.]

RANMA:  [GIRL, angry]  Who're you calling a pervert?

AKANE:  [Walks up to Ranma and stares her in the eyes.]  You saw me in the 
          nude, you letch!

[Tenchi was about to add something here, but saw the tempers flaring and 
thought better of it.]

RANMA:  [GIRL, angry]  Now wait a minute, here!  I believe that YOU were the 
          one who walked in on me!

TENCHI:  [GIRL, whispers to self]  Us, Ranma.  Us.

AKANE:  [still angry]  Oh, yeah?  Well it's different when a girl looks at 
          a...boy!

[Ranma was about to reply when Tenchi interrupts.]

TENCHI:  [GIRL, getting angry]  Explain to me the difference, Akane.

AKANE:  [still angry, looking at Tenchi]  YOU stay out of this!  I don't 
          have to explain anything to a pervert like you!

TENCHI:  [GIRL, angry]  How am I a pervert?  Is it because I change sexes 
           because of a stupid curse!  [Finds the kettle that Soun used 
           earlier and douses herself, restoring his true form.  BOY]  
           What's the matter, Akane?  Afraid of me or something?

[Akane just glares at Tenchi in anger.  Ranma, who has been standing and 
fuming to herself, is very annoyed that Tenchi has butted into HER argument.  
Fed up, she starts to leave the room.]

GENMA:  Ranma?  Where do you think you're going?

RANMA:  [GIRL]  I'm going back to China, [looks at Tenchi] with or without 
          you!  [looks back to Genma.]  I must find a cure for my curse.  
          Until then, there's no need for a fiancée.  [Turns and looks at 
          Akane]  By the way...you took a good look at me, or have you 
          forgotten already?  Besides, it's no BIG deal for me to see a 
          naked girl.  After all, I've seen myself plenty of times.  [Akane 
          starts to growl in anger]  And, I'm better built, to boot.

[At this final insult, Akane explodes and grabs the table and smacks Ranma 
with it, knocking her out.  Tenchi, watching in shock, just shakes his 
head.]

GENMA:  [Viewing the carnage]  Now, THAT he had coming.

********************

[It is later in the night.  In Ranma's and Tenchi's room, Tenchi (boy), 
Kasumi and Nabiki sit around Ranma waiting for her to wake up.  A cold 
compress is on Ranma's head.  Tenchi has been glaring off and on at the 
Tendo sisters for a while before turning to them.]

TENCHI:  [BOY]  Why?

KASUMI:  [Knows what he's referring to, kind of embarrassed]  Well, you see, 
           he's just so young.

NABIKI:  [Shrugs]  I changed my mind.  So what?

TENCHI:  [BOY]  I'm not sure that...

[Tenchi is cut off as Ranma begins to stir.  She groans and winces as she 
touches the back of her head.]

TENCHI:  [BOY, amusement in voice]  Well, Ranma, welcome back to the land of 
           the living.

[Ranma gives Tenchi the evil eye as she sits up.]

KASUMI:  [Friendly concern in her voice]  Are you okay?  Please, don't think 
           too badly of Akane.  She's a very nice girl, but she's just a bit 
           high spirited.

NABIKI:  [Disbelief in her voice]  Oh, good, Kasumi.  Like that would 
           explain just about everything.

[Ranma just stares at them wondering just what is going on here.]

TENCHI:  [BOY,  amusement in voice]  So, Ranma.  How was your meal this 
           time?

NABIKI:  What do you mean?

TENCHI:  [BOY]  I mean that Ranma had what is considered a delicacy in the 
           male half of the Saotome family...

RANMA:  [GIRL, warning tone]  Don't you dare...

TENCHI:  [BOY, teasing voice]  ...It's called "his own foot."  [Ranma gets 
           up and leaves the room in a huff.]

KASUMI:  [Confused]  I'm not sure I get it...

TENCHI:  [BOY]  It's an expression, Kasumi.  Sometimes Ranma's mouth works 
           faster than his brain.  When that happens, trouble usually 
           follows.  Like what Akane did to him.

KASUMI:  [Comprehension dawns]  Ahh.  

[The Tendo sisters get up and leave the room, while Tenchi starts to unpack 
his backpack.  He first pulls out a much abused photograph.  It is a picture 
of a man, his wife, and their three year old son.]

TENCHI:  [BOY, looking at photograph, thinks]  <Well, it's been awhile.  Ten 
           long years away from home.  This training journey of Uncle 
           Genma's is finally starting to look not as noble as he keeps 
           saying.  I guess that happened at Jusenkyo.  After I got this 
           curse, this whole deal just lost its appeal.  I just want to 
           finally return home, but it looks like I'm stuck here at the 
           Tendos for awhile.  [Long pause]  Ranma was right, my girl half 
           does look like my mother...>  

[He then pulls out a rough cloth from the bag, then pulls out his sword, and 
begins to polish it.]

***********************

[The Tendo living room.  Late evening.  Akane and Nabiki are kneeling at the 
table having a late snack.  Akane is visibly upset and is glaring back to 
where Ranma (boy) and Genma are sitting (they are sitting on the walkway 
facing the yard).]

NABIKI:  [To Akane]  So, you were both girls at the time, what's the big 
           deal?

AKANE:  [Angry voice, to Nabiki]  Big deal?  I finally get my interrupted 
          bath finished when who walks in on me?  [Glares at Ranma]  Stupid 
          jerk! I gave him one for!

GENMA:  [To Ranma]  So, she does have spirit, eh?  That's what makes a 
          fiancée cuter, don't you think?

RANMA:  [BOY, angry tone]  Cute is not the word I'd use...  [Glares at 
          Akane, she returns it.  After a minute of this, he turns his head 
          away.]  No, cute is definitely not the word I'd use.  [Puts his 
          hand on his cheek and yelps in pain--that's where Akane "gave him 
          one for."]

To Be Continued...

Next Up:  The first day of school...

+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+

     Well, its been a while getting here, but this one is finally done.  
It's tough following through upon inspiration.  Reading something, being 
inspired by it, and then actually writing those thoughts down takes a lot of 
time (unless you're one of those used to writing).  Well, not being used to 
writing regularly, it took me awhile to get started.  From actually putting 
down ideas, to writing rough drafts, to puzzling out the dialogue, to 
reading it over and over to catch some of my mistakes (and to put in 
improvements) took more time than I really imagined it would (the motivation 
alone was hard enough).
     But, I got it done...the first two anyway.  Don't worry, I have a total 
of 6 chapters planned for now, and I intend to at least finish that.  For 
those of you who just have to know, yes, Ryoga will show up (plus a surprise 
or two depending on how I think it would work).  
*****For those keeping score at home, yes, I do know that I'm following the 
first two Ranma anime episodes too closely...but when I set out upon this 
literary journey, I was going to do just that and hopefully get away from 
that as got more into the plot and where I wanted it to go.  Just think of 
it as the foundation for the series.*****
     The biggest inspiration for this fic came from Wade Tritscwaller's 
Ranma fanfiction site 'Altered Destinies'  (http://www.altered-
destinies.com) in which there are a number of excellent works residing 
including two that directly influenced this one:  'A Scary Thought' and 'A 
Very Scary Thought.'  


Robert Duncan
Saotome Tenchi @ aol.com

"According to the philosopher Ly Tin Wheedle, chaos is found in greatest 
abundance wherever order is being sought.  It always defeats order, because 
it is better organized."
--Terry Pratchett  "Interesting Times"

"I want to decide who lives and who dies."  
--Crow T. Robot  Mystery Science Theater 3000  

"How can such a cute girl be so awful!"  -Ryoko
"I'll show you a thing called a 'mirror' later..."  -Ayeka
  -in reference to Minagi  
--Hitoshi Okuda  "No Need For Tenchi!" Viz Graphic Novel #1

First completed 11/21/2000
Revised (new format) :1/9/2001
Revised and converted to html format:  1/29/2001
Revised and new text version created:  2/8/2001
