Tenchi-Muyo (OAV): Tenchi's Cousin

Chapter 4


	Fade in to the Masaki Shrine, days later. KENJI and YOUSHO are there,
standing on the shrine steps. KENJI is curious, while YOUSHO seems a bit
concerned, or perhaps embarrased. KENJI fidgets for a minute, and then
WASHU-CHAN comes up the shrine stairs, complaining.

		WASHU-CHAN
	Why do I have to walk up the stairs instead of just opening a portal
anyway, Lord Katsuhito?

		YOUSHO
	Because we came here to talk to my second grandson here, and your
sudden entrances and exits seem to make him nervous. (to KENJI) Now that
Washu-san is here-

	WASHU pulls out a *large* gun from nowhere.

		WASHU-CHAN
	Haven't I made it clear that you people are *not* to stop calling me
Washu-*CHAN*? WORKS THE SLIDE, AIMS AT YOUSHO

	KENJI sweatdrops, YOUSHO simply ignores her.

		YOUSHO
	Ahem. (Glances at WASHU-CHAN, who puts the gun away into wherever she
got it from) Now that that's done.. Grandson, I have some news for you,
and I fear you will not like it much.

		KENJI
	KEEPS GLANCING AT WASHU Okay, sure. Tell me quick and we *two* can go
discuss it in a safer location.

		YOUSHO
	You are aware that you posess powers which you refer to as 'chi'
abilities? The ones that you said were responsible for your success on
the underground fight circuit?

		KENJI
	Yes, so what about it? (Looks at WASHU, thinks for a moment) Oh
Kami-sama. You aren't saying that I'm killing myself by drawing so much
*chi*, are you? Chun Li-sensei mentioned that was possible-

		YOUSHO
	LAUGHS No, no, nothing so dire. You simply are not what you believe
yourself to be.

		KENJI
	RELIEVED, BUT UNEASY Excuse me?

		YOUSHO
	You know you are of the blood of Jurai, true? Those of us who possess
the royal blood of Jurai can call upon all the powers you have shown,
and more.

YOUSHO generates a sword of Jurai Power in his hand, and presents it to
KENJI with a flourish.

		YOUSHO
	Voila.

		KENJI
	Hold it. You're saying I can do all this just because of my family
line?! I don't buy it! All my powers are the same kind as other Earth
warriors use, I don't (GLANCES AT SWORD) create energy blades or
anything like that!

		WASHU
	Actually...

		KENJI
	HARSH *What!*

		WASHU
	I am bonded to my daughter just as she is bonded with Ryo-Oh-Ki...

		KENJI
	Yeah, yeah, you explained about that when I arrived. So what!?!

		WASHU
	Well, I thought when I detected her starting to fight with you that it
would be a good opportunity to research your spiritual power! So, being
the greatest genius in the universe, I quickly set up a series of remote
measuring grids and scan resonators, and-

		YOUSHO
	Washu... we don't need to know the technical details..

KENJI looks gratefully at YOUSHO.

		WASHU
	ANNOYED Well, anyway, I got a lot of good readings of your powers. I
even managed a waveform analysis like I have with Tenchi's readings, and
his grandfather's, so I could do a comparative analysis and try to
fathom if there was a spiritual component to the Light Hawk Wings! (SEES
ANNOYED GLANCE FROM YOUSHO) Um... Here's what I found.

	WASHU sets up her little 'air computer' and then enlarges it so
everyone can see. YOUSHO and (grudgingly) KENJI gather around to look.
The screen shows a 3-D pattern of waves like a curtain rippling in the
breeze. The pattern goes through a number of ripples, then flaps
violently twice.

		KENJI
	What was that? The pattern flapped, but it also got.. more defined, I
suppose, for a few seconds.

		WASHU
	PLEASED Oh that? That was when you blasted Ryoko twice with your
smaller energy spheres. I got excellent readings through her there,
that's why the pattern resolution impro-

		KENJI
	INCENSED YOU USED *HER* to scan that!?! After all she's been through,
you'd use your own daughter that way!?

		WASHU
	That reminds me.. not long after her fight with you, she got very
agitated and immediately after that, very frightened, and then-

		KENJI
	SWEATDROPS, SPEAKS HURRIEDLY 
Iiii think we're getting off topic! What about my pattern Washu-chan?

	YOUSHO looks at KENJI oddly.

		WASHU
	Well, to make a long story short, here's *your* pattern-
(she shrinks the on-screen 'window' to cover the right half of the
screen)
-and here's Ayeka's from when she projected her forcefield.
(The left 'window' displays a similar pattern, artificially flat in the
peaks and valleys but still the same kind of movement pattern.)
So you see?

		KENJI
	Well... no. The two look similar, but hers is all cut off at the high
and low spots.

		WASHU
	Ah ha, but that's because she uses artificial aids to draw her powers
out, like her crown or her battle armour. It makes it easier to use the
power, but it limits it at the same time - hence the flattened pattern.
Here's what her pattern would be like unhindered.
(AYEKA's pattern balloons out in the flat spots. It remains less intense
than KENJI's, but the similarity is obvious.)
	There! Proof positive!

		KENJI
	I don't get it! Chun-sensei was _sure_ it was *chi*... I just can't
believe she was mistaken!

		YOUSHO
	Actually...

		KENJI
	WEARY There's that _word_ again...

		YOUSHO
	Earth is quite possibly a lost Juraian colony. Everyone on the planet
may have some Jurai blood in them, diluted by more local DNA or
adaptations to the Earth's environment. You are simply descended from
Jurai much more recently than most Earth people, and thus you have
something of an... unfair advantage.

	KENJI snaps at this suggestion.

		KENJI
	SCREAMS AT YOUSHO I DO NOT CHEAT! I FIGHT AS FAIRLY AS ANYONE! I HAVE
NO 'UNFAIR ADVANTAGE!' I EARNED MY SKILLS, MY VICTORIES! YOU'RE LYING,
DAMN YOU!

	KENJI swings his fist at YOUSHO, who blurs out of the way and reappears
behind KENJI. WASHU, it sould be noted, vanishes back to her lab as soon
as the hostilities begin. KENJI notices YOUSHO behind him and spins with
a wheel kick that would take the top off a fair-size tree, his foot
glowing blue. YOUSHO squats, letting the foot pass harmlessly overhead,
and taps KENJI's knee with his bokken. This being the leg KENJI is
standing on, he immediately falls on his rear. KENJI flips to his feet
and lashes out at YOUSHO with the Lightning Kick, and YOUSHO's hands
become a blur as he deflects each kick as it comes in. As the kicks are
coming five or six to the second, this is somewhat impressive. Soon,
YOUSHO finds an opening, and pokes KENJI in the head with the bokken,
sending him arse-over-teakettle. KENJI pops up to see YOUSHO standing
not ten feet away, and his already-angry face twists into absolute
frustrated rage. He pulls both hands back by his sides, and YOUSHO
mimics the move.

		KENJI
	HAWWW--**SHIN--KI-KO-SHO!!**

		YOUSHO
	Haahhh... HYOUUU!

	Twin balls of blue energy erupt from the cupped hands of the
combatants, KENJI's actually being slightly smaller despite his anger.
(Nevertheless, it's almost fifteen feet across.) The two globes meet and
struggle along a more-or-less straight line directly between the
fighters. As seconds tick by, it becomes obvious that YOUSHO's globe is
winning - KENJI's is starting to shrink, and moments later KENJI gets
blasted by YOUSHO's power, sending him flying. He hits the ground on the
far side of the shrine grounds. As he tries to struggle to his feet, he
sees YOUSHO's sandals in front of his face, and sighs.

		YOUSHO
	Feel better now?

		KENJI
	Yes and no. SHAKES HEAD You're incredible! You've got a stronger *chi*
- sorry, Jurai Power, I can't really argue that after what you did -
than me, and not even Chun-sensei could block the Lightning Kick that
way! You could be a Grand Master! GETS UP

		YOUSHO
	MODEST Well, I've had centuries more than you to learn the tricks of
the trade, so to speak. So is there a point to this, or are you just
flattering an old man?

		KENJI
	Baka-jiji! (Old fool!) It's only flattery if it's a lie! And yes, there
is a point to this. Chun-sensei took my training as far as she was able
and told me to work at it myself - but I've just been shown *how* far I
could improve. Could you train me? Not just in Kendo (swordsmanship) but
the power, the other martial arts, all of it?

		YOUSHO
	MOCK FROWN I'll be a harsh taskmaster! Are you sure this is what you
want? According to Ayeka, you seem to have a low opinion of the Juraian
nobility. The training you want would include teaching about Juraian
customs.

		KENJI
	MOCK SERIOUS I suppose I *could* live with that...

	YOUSHO whaps KENJI over the head with his bokken, just as he often does
to TENCHI.

		YOUSHO
	Don't get insolent, boy!

		KENJI
	MOCK SERIOUS Hai, Sensei-Ojisan-Yousho-sama! (Yes,
Sensei-Grandfather-Yousho, sir!)

	YOUSHO bops KENJI again as they walk off.

END CHAPTER 4