Jaiq:  For starters, I don't own Tenchi and therefore have no right to do
this.  Also I have no right to use Robert A. Heinlien, or his book "GLORY
ROAD".  But you can't stop me.  This is a "what if"/cross over involving
(for
those of you who read the book) the part where he first meets Star.  Most of
this was writen by Mr. Heinlein himself.  By the by everybody is BUTT NAKED!
So be warned!

()_X()_X()_X()_X()_X()_X()_X()_X()_X()_X()_X()_X()_X()_X()_X()_X()_X()_X()_X
(all the black eyes I deserve)

     Three days later I was sitting on Grotto Beach, leaning against a rock
and working the crossword puzzle, when suddenly I got cross-eyed trying not
to stare at the most stare-able woman I have ever seen in my life.
     Woman, girl--I couldn't be sure. At first glance I thought she was
eighteen, maybe twenty; later when I was able to look her square in her she
still looked eighteen but could have been forty.  Or a hundred and forty.
She had the agelessness of perfect beauty. Like Helen of Troy, or Cleopatra.
It seemed possible that she was Helen of Troy but I knew she wasn't
Cleopatra
because she was not a redhead; she was a natural blonde.  She was a tawny
toast color all over without a hint of bikini marks and her hair was the
same
shade two tones lighter.  It flowed, unconfined, in graceful waves down her
back and seemed never to have been cut.
(Come to think of it, this could be Mihoshi. ^_^ --Jaiq)
     She was tall, not much shorter than I am, and not too much lighter in
weight.  Not fat, not fat at all save for that graceful padding that
smoothes
the feminine form, shading the muscles underneath--I was sure there were
muscles underneath; she carried herself with the relaxed power of a lioness.
     Her shoulders were broad for a woman, as broad as her very female hips;
her waist might have seemed thick on a lesser woman, on her it was
deliciously slender.  Her belly did not sag at all but carried the lovely
doubly-domed curve of perfect muscle tone.  Her breasts--only her big rib
cage could carry such large ones without appearing too much of a good thing.
They jutted firmly out and moved only a triffle when she moved, and they
were
crowned with rosy brown coinfections that were frankly nipples, womanly and
virginal.
     Her navel was that jewel the Persian poets praised.
     Her leggs were long for her height; her hands and feet were not small
but were slender, graceful.  She was graceful in all ways; it was impossible
to think of her in a pose ungraceful.  Yet she was so lithe and limber that,
like a cat, she could have twisted herself into any position.
     Her face-- How do you describe perfect beautyexcept to say that when
you
see it you can't mistake it?  Her lips were full and her mouth rather wide.
It was faintly curved in the ghost of a smile even when her features were at
rest.  Her lips were red but if she was wearing makup of any sort it had
been
applied so skillfuly that I could not detect it-- and that alone would have
made her stand out, for that year all other females were wearing
"Continental"  makeup, as artificial as a corset and as bold as a doxy's
smile.
     Her nose was straight and large enough for her face, no button.  Her
eyes--
     she caught me staring at her.
     "LORD TENCHI!  WHAT ARE YOU STARING AT THIS BLATANT SKANK FOR!" Ayeka
screamed at Tenchi, who was sitting in a pool of his own nose bleed.
     "YEAH, YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE STARING AT ME!"  Ryoko was in full battle
gear, holding him by his pony tail
     "Relax i can explain, IT'S ALL THIER FAULT!", He points at Jaiq and Mr.
Heinlein.
     "We're In trouble!", Jaiq said to Mr. Heinlien.
     "You mean you are", Mr. Heinlein smiled, "I WAS DEAD WHEN HE WROTE THIS
LADIES.  I WROTE THIS FOR AN AMERICAN SOLDIER"!
     "LET GET HIM, THE FREAKY ONE"!
     "YES!  MR. ZALE MUST PARRISH"!
     "HEINLEIN YOU SOLD ME OUT"!
                      <THE END>

()_()()_()()_()()_()()_()()_()()_()()_()()_()()_()()_()()_()()_()()_()()_()()_

()()_()()_()

Jaiq:  Well as you can see the bruises heeled nicely.  Ayeka and Ryoko
wanted
me to survive so that I can suffer more.  If you would like to remind me of
how stupid that was you can send Ryoko and Ayeka to goose20693@aol.com.  I
strongly suggest you read "GLORY ROAD" it's my second favorite book (Next to
"WHERE IS JOE MERCHANT) of all and did not deserve this.

EIGHTY-ACE
