                        I do not own the rights to this fan fic, the only
character that I have created by myself is Anya, Tenchi's wife, all the
other characters were created by someone else, I'm not positive, but I think
the tv series was created by Pioneer.  Anyway, I'm not making any money, so
please do not sue me!

*Also, as this is the 3rd part in a short 'series' if you have not read the
1st 2 parts you will be lost, and i'm not going to  review on what happened!
Now, on to the story!

        "Hmm, well, I can't say I won't miss you Sasami, but you're almost
an adult and you can make your own decisions." Tenchi said to a smiling
Sasami.  Then he looked up at the sky and frowned.  " Well,  you almost can,
but Aeka didn't believe a word I told her when I tried to explain about
Trunks.  All I understood was that she would be here in one day to talk to
you personally."
        "Gee, she's always so busy.  I wonder how she's going to find time
to come so soon."  Sasami murmured.  Tenchi grinned at her.
        " Well you know Aeka.  By the way, have you told Trunks about her?"
        Just as Sasami was shaking her head she heard Trunks's voice behind
her.
        "What about your sister Sasami?" Before she could answer, Anya
shouted,
        " Oh, look, isn't that her ship?"
        "What?!"  Sasami looked up, " Oh, it is!"  she turned to Trunks.  "
You never told me, do you have any brother or sisters?"  she asked him
curiously.
        " Huh?"  Trunks was caught offguard.   ' How can I explain' he
thought.  ' The only brother I've ever known was Gohan, I can't tell her
about him right now.'  the memories of Gohan, his master and only
friendcaused Trunks to sober up a little.  Even though he knew that in a
different dimension Gohan was safe and well, he would never get over the
loss of him in his own time.
        " Are you ok?" Sasami broke his thoughts.  Before he could explain
there was a loud noise and a huge ship landed in front of the house.
                        ***************************************************************

        A door in the side opened and 20 or 30 guards ran out and lined up
in front of the ship.  Their uniforms all were a dark blue, with the Juraian
royal symbol on the front of the shirts.
        One man stepped forward and announced, " Her Imperial Majesty,
Empress Aeka of the Planet of Jurai."  then he stepped into line.
        Sasami smile and tears of happiness filled her eyes.
        " Yep, that's her alright!  Aeka could never resist a grand
entrance!" she laughed and, beside her, Trunks's mouth dropped  in
disbelief.
        " Are you trying to tell me that your sister is the Empress of your
planet!?  But that means you're a-"
        " Princess Sasami!" a cloaked figure stepped out of the ship.
        " Aeka!  Oh I've missed you!"  Sasami ran up to Aeka and they
hugged.
        " Have you enjoyed your stay at Earth Sasami?" Aeka asked her
sister; Sasami nodded.
        A few feet behind her, Tenchi cleared his throat.  " Huh?" Aeka
looked at him, a smile slowly dawning on her face.  Tenchi was grinning.
        " Welcome back Miss Aeka!  It's sure been a long time since I've
seen you!" he introduced her to his wife and Aeka took  it surprisingly
well.  After introductions were made, Aeka looked from Trunks to Sasami.  "
Now then, I think you have some explaining to do Sasami."
                        *****************************************************************

        " So you see Aeka, it's not like I'm going to leave forever, but..."
Sasami blushed and looked down at the floor.  " But Trunks and I care for
each other and if he goes I don't know when I'll get to see him again."
        Aeka sighed, " And if you go Sasami, how do we know when we'll get
to see you again?"  Sasami didn't answer her.  " Well, as I'm the Empress
it's my duty to act as your gaurdian.  Sasami, you know I want you to be
happy, but as a Princess you have duties as well.  I will need time to think
about this."
        " Please Miss Aeka, but we don't have time." Trunks explained about
the Teerin Plague in his Dimension.
        Aeka nodded, " That's terrible, but I'm afraid I can't make a
decision this important in just an hour.  Why don't you go back in time and
collect this Antoy plant and by the time you get back, I'll have made my
decision?"  Trunks blinked in surprise.
         " Of course, I didn't think of that, is that ok with you Sasami?"
        " Sure, just be careful, ok?"  Sasami replied anxiously.  She looked
worried.
        ' She really cares about him.' Aeka thought to herself.   'That's
too bad, but Sasami can't go with him, and she'll hate me if I refuse to let
her.  So if he can't find this dimension again, it won't be my fault, will
it?'  She smiled to herself.
                        ************************************************************

        In another dimension, a woman named Bulma Briefs sat in her house,
listening to the news.  ' Oh no, not another report of the Plague!' She
glanced over to a picture of her son, Trunks. ' Please hurry son, people are
dying faster than you can imagine.'

                So, how was it? Part 4 will come out soon. Please, PLEASE
email me your opinions.  I greatly appreciate how many people have emailed
me about the last 2 parts, and most of the emails have been good, I hope it
stays that way! :) So please email me any questions, comments, or ideas at
Kprofse@aol.com