Tenchi Muyo! "No Need for Vampires"



	Our story begins in Japan where the boy named Tenchi Masaki is 
walking home after a rarely long day at school. He's heading home so 
that he can be with the girls for dinner. At the Masaki household, 
Sasami continues to cook up a storm of lovely food for everyone, Ryoko 
is laying on the couch drinking tea and watching television, Ayeka was 
setting up the table for dinner and Washu was in her lab continuing to 
create something fascinating. Kiyone and Mihoshi were on their way to 
the household after their routine work at the Galaxy Police. Evening 
time came and it was time for everyone to get together to eat. Sasami 
went downstairs to get Washu from her work.

Sasami: Washu, dinner's ready!

Washu: Already? Gee, how time flies when inventing something 
supernatural!

Sasami: I hope it isn't something that relates to time travel.

Washu:(smiles) Don't worry, Sasami. That project was abandoned months 
ago. That idea will never come up again.

Sasami: That's a relief. See you when you up there.

Washu: Okay.

	Sasami races back upstairs to get the food ready. Minutes later, 
Tenchi arrives home. As usual, Ryoko and Ayeka were there to greet him.

Ayeka and Ryoko: Welcome home, Tenchi!

Tenchi: Hi, girls. 

Ayeka: How was your day, Tenchi?

Tenchi: Um,...couldn't get any better.(slight chuckle)

	Ryoko appeared behind him and hugging him.

Ryoko: Don't worry, Tenchi. I'll make you feel better.

Ayeka: Get away from him! He doesn't need you to be relaxed!

Ryoko: You better hush up, Ayeka or I'll tell Tenchi who drank all the 
tea earlier today.

	Ayeka's face went completely red.

Ayeka: That's a lie! That tea was gone before I had my share!

Ryoko: I didn't have my share either! So it couldn't been me!

Tenchi: Then, who did?

	Crawling behind Ayeka was a drunk Ryo-Ohki.

Tenchi: Ryo-Ohki?

Ayeka: Huh?! You drank the tea?!

	Ayeka picked up Ryo-Ohki and Ryo-Ohki just opened its mouth long 
enough for Ayeka to have a disgust look on her face and covered her 
mouth.

Ryoko: Yep. That proves it. Ryo-Ohki drank the tea.

Tenchi: Yeah. Now, she's going to have a really bad hangover in the 
morning.

	The front door opens and in came Kiyone and Mihoshi.

Kiyone: Good evening, everyone.

Tenchi: Glad for you to come, Kiyone. How are you doing, Mihoshi?

Mihoshi: I'm starving! When could we eat?!

Kiyone:(thinking) She never fails to amaze me.

	After settling in, everyone was at the table and ate some 
delicious food that Sasami whipped up. Ryo-Ohki was on the couch 
resting since Ryo-Ohki drank all the tea.

Tenchi: You really out did yourself this time, Sasami.

Sasami:(giggles) Thanks, Tenchi.

Ryoko:(upset) Would have some tea to wash it down if Ryo-Ohki hadn't 
drank all of it!

Ayeka: Go right ahead, Ryoko. Blame it on Ryo-Ohki when you should be 
the one to blame.

Ryoko: What are you babbling about? How could it be my fault?!

Ayeka: Isn't it obvious? The only person in this house who drinks tea 
is mostly you!

Mihoshi: I drink tea, too.

Kiyone: That's for sure.

Ayeka: But, Mihoshi wasn't here at all. So, therefore, Ryoko is to 
blame!

Ryoko: Boy, you really want me to get in trouble, do you? Is it because 
you want Tenchi all to yourself?

Ayeka:(blushes) That's....that's a lie! You can't prove that!

Ryoko: Please! You got "seducing Tenchi" written all over your face.

Ayeka: How dare you say that to me, Ryoko!

	Then, out of nowhere, a blipping noise was heard and both girls 
stopped agruing.

Tenchi: What's that?

	Washu takes out a device out of her pocket.

Washu: It's my sensor machine! It sensed something outside! I have to 
go back to my lab!

	Washu got up and hurried off to the lab. Everyone else agreed on 
one another and followed her to the lab. Once arriving there, Washu was 
scanning the area near the household and the Masaki Shrine to see if 
there is an intruder in the area.

Tenchi: Find anything, little Washu?

Washu: Still searching.	

	Then, a blipping noise sounded indicating that it found its 
target.

Washu: Bingo! The intruder is heading towards here and fast!

Sasami: What could it be?!

Ryoko: Whatever it is, it won't get Tenchi without a fight! Come on!

	Tenchi and company hurried off to get in front of the house to 
meet the intruder who is approaching the household. Then, they see 
someone heading towards them and appeared to be running. It took some 
time before the intruder made it towards the light so that everyone 
could see. The individual saw them and stopped in his tracks. Tenchi 
and the rest were in complete shock as the intruder that they see 
before them was their friend they made several months ago. The person 
who has the power of a HellSpawn and who loved Washu with his heart. It 
was non other than Dennis Mitchell.

Washu: Could....could it be?

Tenchi: Dennis, is that you?

Dennis:(breathes hard) Tenchi,...get everyone together and get Ryo-Ohki 
as well.

Tenchi: Why? What's going on?

Dennis: No time to explain! We must do it now!

Ryoko: How come? Is another hunter following you?

Dennis: Not this time. Something else is coming and I don't want you to 
be caught by it.

Washu: Listen, everyone! He can tell us the rest after we get the heck 
out of here!

	Realizing that they didn't have a choice, the gang agreed and 
gotten Ryo-Ohki who was still recovering from the tea. They stepped 
back out of the house and rejoined Dennis.

Washu: Now, what?

Dennis: We need the spaceship of Ryo-Ohki.

Ryoko: Don't say another word. Go, Ryo-Ohki!

	Ryo-Ohki jumps off Ryoko's shoulder and transformed into the 
spaceship. It teleported everyone off the ground and into the bridge.

Dennis: Good. Ryo-Ohki, get us into outer space and fast!

	Ryo-Ohki heard him and zoomed out of the sky and heads for outer 
space. Minutes later, they arrive as they look down at planet Earth.

Dennis:(sighs) That was close.

Ryoko: Alright, Dennis. We done everything that you told us to do. Now, 
we want an explanation.

Dennis: Well, hello to you too, Ryoko.

Tenchi: Don't listen to Ryoko. She's abit upset since Ryo-Ohki drank 
her tea.

Dennis: Her tea? That's something new to me.

Washu: It's good to see you again, Dennis.

Dennis:(smiles) Likewise, little Washu.

Washu: You remembered!

Dennis: Well, if I didn't say it, you would've been upset.

Ayeka: Nice to see you, Dennis.

Dennis: Princess Ayeka of Jurai and little Sasami. That face of yours 
could light up the whole world.

Sasami:(blushes) That's so nice of you to say.

Dennis: Kiyone and Mihoshi, greetings. Still fighting those criminals?

Kiyone: Yeah. Mihoshi sometimes fall behind schedule, but we manage to 
get the job done.

Dennis: Glad to hear it.

Tenchi: If we are done getting to know ourselves, we would like to know 
why we had to leave home and in a hurry.

Dennis: Well, what I'm about to tell you is rather hard for me to 
explain. Even I don't understand it myself. A couple of weeks ago, 
there has been some reports relating to people being found dead and 
surprisingly drained of blood. The officers and the FBI couldn't figure 
out who could be the culprit in this situation. At that time, I was in 
Los Angeles, California doing some site seeing. I had to check the 
bodies myself to see if I can figure out what happened to these victims 
and probably solve the puzzle. I went to the morgue to look at the 
bodies to do my part. Using my HellSpawn powers, I was able to sneak 
through the security without being noticed. But, when I arrived at the 
room where the bodies were, I heard noises. I thought everyone was gone 
and went home. I peeked through the door window and the next thing I 
saw were three people eating away what was left of the dead bodies.

Ayeka: Eating the bodies?

Ryoko: That's totally sick!

Dennis: That's not even the bad news. I broke in to stop these people 
from doing what they were doing. I pulled one away and it attacked me 
on my arm with its fangs.

Tenchi: It had fangs?

Dennis: Yes. The other two saw me and attacked me from all around. I 
used my chains to get them off of me and held them against the wall. 
But, I looked at these people and besides of them being vampires, they 
had no eyeballs whatsoever.

Washu: How could they see what they were eating if they didn't have 
eyes?

Dennis: That puzzled me till this day. One of the vampires gotten loose 
from my chains and went to attack me from behind. However, I didn't 
have a choice, I unleashed one of my chains to cut its head off killing 
him. The other one got away, but the one was still in my grasp for the 
moment.

Tenchi: So, what happened?

Dennis: If I was correct, there ought to be a ring leader from where 
those three came from. So I told the one in my hands to give his boss a 
message. "Don't do this again or they will have to deal with me!" 
Afterwards, he left and Ileft soon after.

Ryoko: You failed to mention about why we had to leave in a hurry.

Dennis: I was getting to that. This gang of vampires were spreading 
wildly and I don't know on how to stop it. From what I know, people are 
joining a group or a cult and the next thing I know was that more 
vampires are appearing. They have gone to different countries, 
different continents, different cities searching for people to join 
their gang. I tried to keep up with them, but I was one step behind. I 
looked over the map of where they would strike next. That's when I 
found out that they were going to your house next. I had to save you 
all before you were captured by the vampires.

Ryoko: Okay. That explains it.

Tenchi: So, are these vampires at my house right now?

Dennis: At this second, probably so. But, they will move on if they 
don't find anyone.

Washu: What happens if they do capture you?

Dennis: Two things: You join them or die.

Mihoshi:(crying waterfall-like) This sounds like a scary horror movie.

Kiyone: It is except you can't use wooden stakes or sunlight, right?

Dennis: Sunlight might be still useful, but its very slim.

Ayeka: What should we do now? We can't stay up here forever.

Dennis: You're right. We should descend until we are over the Masaki 
Shrine. We should be safe from that point.

Ryoko: Okay. You heard the man, Ryo-Ohki. Let's head home.

	Ryo-Ohki heard the command and headed back to Tenchi's home. It 
was still a crisp and clear night as Ryo-Ohki arrived at the Masaki 
Shrine minutes later.

Dennis: I need to head to your house alone. I'll check the place out 
and see if it's clear to go back in the house.

Washu: Wait! Take this.

	Gives Dennis a walkie-talkie.

Washu: We need to communicate somehow, right?

Dennis: Always thinking up new inventions, aren't you?

Washu: Well, I do try my best.

	Ryo-Ohki teleports Dennis off the spaceship and on the ground in 
front of the Masaki Shrine. Dennis checked around to see if it was 
clear. It was and headed to the Masaki household. When he was walking 
towards the house, the lights were still on and it appeared that there 
was no one in the area. That was something Dennis was afraid of as the 
wind blew abit. Then, Dennis sensed something as he turns around, but 
sees nothing behind him. As he turned around to face the house, he saw 
someone standing by the doorway of the house. An individual with black 
sunglasses, a dark overcoat, and blonde hair. He turned his attention 
to Dennis as Dennis prepared himself by going into his HellSpawn armor.

Dennis: Who are you?

Man: I'm the boss that you were referring to.

Dennis: You're the ringmaster of this vampire clan?

Man: Indeed. Before we continue, allow me to introduce myself. My name 
is Simon Pure and I lead the glorious group there is on Earth: The 
Kingdom.

Dennis: The Kingdom? 

Simon: Yes. We are a band of vampires that prowl through the night 
looking for anything that gives us pleasure. In return, we are given 
more servants to help us in the conquest of destroying the living.

Dennis: What's your deal with the living? What have we ever done to 
you?

Simon: It's not a matter of who started it, it's just simply religion 
business and that's something you wouldn't understand. 

Dennis: You're telling me that there is a higher boss other than 
yourself?

Simon: God is the boss I follow. He tells me what to do and I shall 
follow.

Dennis: Whatever you or your boss is planning on doing, I won't allow 
you to continue in this ridiculous persuit for glory!

Simon:(growls) Ridiculous?!?! How dare you call it that?! Stuff like 
that will get you killed!!

Dennis: I don't think that you can kill me!

Simon: And why's that?

Dennis: Have you ever heard of a HellSpawn?

Simon: Not at all. But, somehow, you are one, correct?

Dennis: Yep. So far, I've gotten used to these powers and to tell you 
the truth, you don't even stand a chance.

Simon: Is that so? Care to have a warm-up?

	Simon stepped down and took out his sword.

Dennis: I hope you know on how to use that sword.

Simon:(smiles) Ask me that question after I slice you into a thousand 
pieces!

	Simon went on the attack and Dennis was ready for him. Simon went 
past Dennis only to be wrapped up in Dennis's red cloak. He sliced 
through it with his sword and took a swip across the back of Dennis. 
Green ooze started to come out as Dennis falls to the ground.

Simon: Let's see what else you can do.

	Simon jumps up and has the sword go into the shoulder blade area 
of Dennis as it goes through him and hits the ground. Dennis was 
clutching his arm after Simon pulled the sword out. 

Simon: Now, care to find out more about me and my sword or what?

Dennis: I haven't even started yet!

	Dennis uses the chain to wrap the wrist and hand of Simon Pure. 
He starts to wrap him up in it until he couldn't get free. Dennis went 
ahead to give Simon a couple of punches to the face. One shot to the 
head knocks off the sunglasses off Simon's face. Dennis saw no eyeballs 
in Simon's head exactly like the ones he saw in the morgue.

Dennis: What is it with you and having no eyeballs?

Simon: That's part of a ritual the new members have to go through. In 
order to become one of us, your eyes will be taken from you.

Dennis: If I was a new member, I would want my money back.

	Then, Dennis swung Simon around and around until he drove him 
into the ground hard.

Dennis: Now, I hope you leave and never to return here.

Simon:(chuckles) You haven't defeated me yet, HellSpawn. Not by a long 
shot!

Dennis: Believe me, that wasn't a defeat. If it was, you would be dead 
right now.

Simon: I just thought up something while I was in the air spinning.

	Simon picks up his sunglasses and puts them back on.

Simon:(smiles) I have been thinking. What is your purpose being here? 
Is it because you were looking for me or is it because you know someone 
here?

Dennis: That is none of your business.

Simon: As I figured. You do know someone here and you gotten here 
before we did and gotten them out before we arrived here to pick up 
more members.

Dennis: The thought has crossed my mind.

Simon: That's fine with me. Because one person less doesn't mean that 
the Kingdom will fall. We shall continue to rise and grow until we are 
victorious. Although, you shall not see that day.(snaps fingers)

	Then, coming out of the shadows were the followers of The 
Kingdom. They surrounded Dennis as Simon smiles on.

Simon: Any last words before my followers tear you to shreds?

Ryoko: I have some words.

Simon: Huh?

Ryoko: Get off our property or you shall face the space pirate, Ryoko!

Simon: What is this?

Kiyone: Freeze! This is the Galaxy Police and you are under arrest!

Simon:(chuckles) You got to be kidding me? Is this the people you were 
protecting, HellSpawn?

Washu: He has a name, four-eyes and his name is Dennis Mitchell!

Tenchi: Whoever you are, you best be leaving now.

Simon: I won't forget this night, HellSpawn. If you want to fight me 
again, you just got to find me and my base. Although, you won't find it 
until it's too late!(laughing)

	Then, Simon, with his followers, heads off into the shadows of 
the forest and disappears without a trace.

Washu: Dennis, are you alright?

Dennis: Yeah. I was injured in the battle. But, don't worry. My powers 
will slowly heal the wound in a couple of hours.

Ryoko: Who was that guy?

Tenchi: I think we had enough for one night, Ryoko. Dennis may want 
some rest.

Ayeka: Tenchi's right. We have plenty of time for Dennis to explain 
tonight's altercation.

	Tenchi and the rest heads home and rest for the night after a 
weird way to end the night. Morning came and Dennis exited out of 
Washu's lab and heads for the kitchen.

Sasami: Huh? Morning, Dennis.

Dennis: Morning, Sasami.

Sasami: How's your arm?

Dennis: Well, the pain is gone, but it will take some time before I be 
back to normal. Cooking up some food, I see.

Sasami: You know me. I can't imagine if Tenchi or the rest didn't have 
me around to cook. They would probably be starving for weeks.

Dennis: Especially Ryoko. By the way, has everything stayed the same 
after I left the first time I came here or what?

Sasami: After your first visit here, there was some strange events 
where we were involved. At some point, I would wish that you were with 
us because I had a feeling that you would help us with the problems 
that we had.

Dennis: I may not been there physically, but I was with you all the 
time in your hearts.

Sasami:(blushes) That's true. We had times when we would give up, but 
stood together and fought off the troubles as one.

Dennis:(smiles) I'm glad to here that.

	Tenchi walks in.

Tenchi: Morning, Dennis.

Dennis: Good morning. 

Tenchi: Did you sleep well?

Dennis: Um,....at some point I was. However, I kept waking up and 
finding Washu all over me.

Tenchi:(raindrop over his head) You don't say.

Dennis: But, she had a smile that makes me happy and reminds me that 
was the reason why I love her.

Tenchi: Washu has missed you, too. She would probably pray for you to 
return so that she can be with you again.

Dennis: She must've prayed hard because I'm here.

Sasami: Okay, you two. I need some time to cook up breakfast.

Tenchi: We'll be outside waiting.

	Dennis and Tenchi left Sasami in the kitchen to let her do her 
business cooking breakfast. They headed for the living room so that 
they could wait.

Tenchi: When are you going to explain about last night altercation with 
those vampires?

Dennis: Probably at breakfast. By then, we need to come up with a plan 
to find this hideout that this group is at. Once we find it, we have to 
figure out how to destroy it before it corrupts the Earth.

	Tenchi understood Dennis's situation and waited till breakfast. 
Minutes later, breakfast was setup as everyone was slowly getting to 
the table to eat breakfast. Dennis finished his breakfast so that he 
could tell everyone the situation.

Dennis: I know you guys are still abit puzzled about last night and I 
don't blame you. From what I could understand, this is some work of a 
group called The Kingdom. It's a group of vampires that hunt in the 
night and get new members everyday. This group is growing by the hour.

Tenchi: Who was that guy with the sword?

Dennis: His name is Simon Pure. He's the leader of the whole group. He 
takes orders from a higher boss and he claims that its God or 
something. 

Kiyone: What is he planning to do now?

Dennis: He still plans on getting everyone in the world to join. That's 
why he came here. He was probably going to capture you all and take you 
back to the base so that you could become vampires.

Ryoko: Have you forgotten that we can take on these flying freaks?

Dennis: I haven't forgotten of what you are capable of doing, Ryoko. 
But, I doubt your space pirate expertise would save everyone in this 
house against The Kingdom. They would probably kill since you stood in 
their way of capturing Tenchi and the rest.

Ayeka: What would happen if they do capture us?

Dennis: If you are relating to what they would do to you when your in 
their base, I don't know. 

Washu: What's our next move?

Dennis: We got to find their base and more information about this 
Kingdom. When we do get both, we will have to attack Simon Pure as soon 
as possible.

Tenchi: But, how do we get information and finding the base?

Dennis: Well, that's another thing. You see, a few months back, I have 
visited the land of Cairo, Egypt. When I was there, my powers begin to 
start tingling. I didn't know what it was, but I went in the nearby 
town where it began to become more louder in my mind telling me that 
I'm getting close, but didn't know what. That's when I came across a 
door and I knock three times. An old man opens the door and he had a 
shocked look on his face when he made eye contact with mine. He knew 
right there, even when I didn't say anything, that I was a HellSpawn.

Kiyone: How did he know?

Dennis: I told him that I was and he goes off saying that I was sent to 
kill him by a being known as Malebolgia. I told him that I didn't know 
a person named Malebolgia. So, he calmed down and explained to me 
everything especially the part where he was a demon in disguise.

Ryoko:(shocked) A....demon in disguise?

Dennis:(scratches the back of his head) Apparently, he's on Earth to 
view the living. Being the demon that he is, he made up a human 
disguise hoping that no one would find him.

Washu: That is until he met you.

Dennis: Yes.

Tenchi: So, it we go to this guy, he would help us?

Dennis: At this time, he's our only option to go for. We don't have 
anything else to do at the moment.

Ryoko: Great. A pack of vampires roaming the Earth and a demon hiding 
in Egypt. Perfect.

Washu: This is no joke, Ryoko. The fate of the world is in danger and I 
believe that we are the only ones to stop this Simon Pure and his band 
of freaks, right?!

Dennis:(raindrop over his head) Right.

Tenchi: Then, it's settled. We shall meet this guy in Egypt and figure 
out how to stop Simon!

	Everyone agreed, although Ryoko didn't like the idea, that the 
next move was to go to Cairo, Egypt to meet a friend of Dennis who can 
give us information about Simon Pure, The Kingdom, and their purpose on 
Earth. Meanwhile, in Cairo, Egypt, the demon who is disguised as an 
middle aged man hears a couple of knocks at the door. Unaware that when 
he opened his door, the person standing in front of him was Simon Pure 
himself.

Simon: Hello, Galcian.

Galcian: Huh? Who are you?

Simon: Just a friend. But, that would have to wait for the moment. I 
was curious. How can a demon walk among the living and not be noticed?

Galcian: How did you know?

	Simon closes the door behind him.

Simon: I can smell it.

Galcian: You are a vampire, aren't you?

Simon: Simon Pure at your service. A demon can hide from humans, but 
not from us vampires.

Galcian: What do you want?

Simon: Have you been watching any reports or reading the news lately?

Galcian: Nope. Can't say I have. If you are referring if I have 
followed up on the current events, I haven't.

Simon: That's too bad. I thought all demons could sense things. Things 
that are evil and are lurking about in the world hunting humans down 
like prey.

Galcian: Sometimes I do get weird feelings. However, I do not get 
myself involved in them because it's not my business.

Simon: I see. 

Galcian: Well, if you are done, you can leave me in peace.

Simon: Just one more bit of information, my dear, Galcian. Have or do 
you know anything about a specific being known as a HellSpawn?

Galcian:(gasped) A...HellSpawn?!

Simon: Hmm. Something tells me that you know about it.

Galcian:(sweating bullets) No. I...I...don't!

Simon: You lying!! 

	Simon goes forward to grab Galcian by the throat and held him 
against the wall.

Simon: Do you know of a HellSpawn named Dennis Mitchell?!

Galcian:(gasping for air) I...I think...I do.

Simon: Will you talk or what?

	Galcian shook his head and Simon released his hold.

Simon: Start talking.

Galcian: I only know this and this is the truth. As far as I can say, 
this individual wasn't possessed by this power. He actually found it 
while searching for treasure. A crystal that contains the powers of a 
HellSpawn and he found it. He spoke the language of the ancients to not 
only release the powers, but to bestow those powers to him and only 
him. HellSpawns, if I'm correct, can use weapons such as chains and... 
and cape, I think.

Simon: I figured that out already.

Galcian: Huh? You met him?

Simon: Just once. But, I tell you this. Next time we meet, he shall 
fall by my hands!

Galcian: I told you everything that I know. Can you leave now?

Simon:(chuckles) You done well, Galcian. I didn't expect a demon to 
fall to the hands of me so easy. 

	Simon walks towards the door, but stops.

Simon: Did you say that you wanted to be left in peace?

Galcian: Ye...Yes.

Simon: Then, allow me to grant it for you!

	In quick action, Simon unleashed his sword and attacked Galcian 
by cutting his head off his body. The head fell and lands on the coffee 
table as Simon places his sword back into place and leaves the home of 
Galcian. Back in Japan, Dennis waits for Tenchi and the girls to get 
themselves ready to go.

Dennis:(thinking) We have to move it before Simon claims more victims.

Washu: What are you thinking?

Dennis: Ah,....little Washu?! You surprised me!

Washu: Sorry about that.(smiles) I just couldn't resist!

Dennis:(sighs) I had a feeling.

	Washu hugs him around the waist.

Washu: It's going to be like old times, right?

Dennis: In a way, yes. But, what we are about to face is even more 
dangerous than fighting a hunter from Heaven. Facing vampires is like a 
complete different game.

Washu: Tenchi and the others will do their part to help you. As will I.

Dennis:(worried look) I had a feeling you would say that. You got to 
promise me that you watch what you are doing, okay? I don't want to 
lose you in any way.

Washu: Huh?(blushes) You...you're worried about my safety?

Dennis:(slight smile) Yes. I just don't want anything to happen to you. 
If I lose you, I just don't know what I'm going to do with myself.

Washu: Well, then. I promise.

Dennis: Thank you.

Tenchi: We're ready!

Dennis: Alright! We need Ryo-Ohki and we will be on our way to Egypt.

Ryoko: You heard him, Ryo-Ohki! Go!

	Ryo-Ohki jumps into the air and transforms into the spaceship. 
Ryo-Ohki teleports everyone on board and Ryoko set in the coordinates. 
Once that was done, they were on their way to Cairo, Egypt. It took 
some time to get from Japan to Egypt, but it was worth the trip. 

Dennis: Okay. Cairo should be a couple of miles ahead. 

Ryoko: Don't worry. I'll find a good parking spot.

Ayeka: There aren't any parking lots, Ryoko! This is Egypt, not Las 
Vegas!

Ryoko: So, sue me! Where should we go, Dennis?

Dennis: Go to the outer skirts of the desert. It might be far from the 
city, but we don't want the natives to think there are UFO's, right?

Tenchi: Right. We might as well go on foot.

	Ryoko picked out a good spot to land as Ryo-Ohki got to the place 
in no time. Once everyone was off, she reverted back to cabbit form and 
the gang soon were walking towards the city of Cairo, Egypt. The 
weather was primitively hot and the girls were trying to stay cool by 
having a block of ice on their heads. After walking through the desert, 
they enter the city and look upon the marketing that is happening 
within the city.

Ryoko: It's amazing how these people can shop for food and still not be 
aching from this sun.

Dennis: These people are used to the sun. They either have two options: 
stay home to stay cool and not have anything to eat or have the burden 
of the sun on you so that you can live another day. What would you 
prefer?

Ayeka: Get some food, of course! Who can live without it?

Ryoko: I've been in worst cases than what they went through.

Washu: Oh, hush up! The only worst cases that you been in was being in 
in corner for being a such a brat!

	Ryoko was shocked as her face went completely red of 
embarassment.

Dennis:(chuckles) Good one, little Washu.

Washu: I didn't have to do it, but what type a mother would I be?

	Ryoko was steaming mad as she was melting the ice cube on her 
head.

Ryoko:(thinking) A dead one!!

Dennis: Alright, guys. We still have to look for my friend and figure 
out what to do with this Simon guy.

	Dennis lead the way as they were going through the crowds to 
reach the house. Minutes later, they made it to the doorway as they are 
about witness something shocking. Dennis knocks at the door three 
times, but no answer.

Dennis: That's strange. He said that he wouldn't be leaving his house 
unless it was an emergency.

Tenchi: Check the door.

	Dennis did as he twist the knob and the door creaked opened.

Dennis: Something is up. He never leaves his door unlocked. 

	The gang walk into the house carefully thinking that someone 
could be in the house. As they walked towards the living room, they 
finally saw something on the ground. But, they were shocked as they 
looked up from the ground to the coffee table and see a head on it. 
Mihoshi faints on the ground as everyone else stood there with their 
eyes bugged out except Dennis. 

Dennis: Oh, no!

Tenchi: What happened here?! 

Ayeka: My best guess is that someone came here before we got here.

Dennis: But, who?

Galcian: It was Simon Pure.

	Everyone was stunned and look to see the head moving and his 
eyelids opened. The girls screamed as Dennis and Tenchi tried to cover 
all of their mouths hoping not to draw a crowd from outside.

Galcian: Is that you, Dennis?

Dennis: Yes, old friend. I wish I was here to stop Simon. What did he 
want from you?

Galcian: Nothing. Just some information that he had to choke me to get 
it out.

Dennis: What information?

Galcian: To be honest, it was mostly about you.

Washu: Uh,....aren't you going to introduce us?

Dennis: Huh? Oh! Sorry. Galcian, these are my friends from Japan that I 
told you about.

Galcian: Nice to meet you. Hey, I see five! You said six girls.

Dennis: Huh? Where is Mihoshi?

Kiyone:(groans) She fainted.(picks her up) She needs to lay down.

Galcian: Put her on the couch.

	Kiyone places the fainted Mihoshi on the couch.

Dennis:(clears throat) Galcian, meet Tenchi, Princess Ayeka and Sasami 
from Jurai, Ryoko, Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Washu. But, she would like it 
if you call her "little" Washu.

Galcian:(raises an eyebrow) Little Washu?

Washu: You got a problem with that, pal?!

Galcian: Uh,...no! I think that's a nice nickname, I think.

Tenchi: Mr. Galcian, what did Simon wanted to know about Dennis?

Galcian: Basically, he wanted to know more about the Dennis as the 
warrior HellSpawn. However, all I know was the story that Dennis told 
me when he got the power from the crystal those many years ago.

Ryoko: Dennis already told us that story as well.

Dennis: Did Simon mentioned about what he was doing or what he will be 
planning on doing anytime soon?

Galcian: Well, he didn't say anything the whole time he was here. For a 
moment, I used my powers that not even he could sense. I read his mind 
and see if I could find any specific reason why he's on this planet.

Dennis: What have you found out?

Galcian: Simon Pure is the leader of this vampire cult group called The 
Kingdom. Their base is located in New York City by the harbor port. 

Ryoko: In New York City?! How can he travel from here to there?!

Dennis: Remember, he's a vampire, Ryoko. They can possibly do anything 
with that kind of power. 

Ayeka: But, it rarely seems possible for them to get from Cairo to New 
York in a short amount of time.

Galcian: These vampires are not your normal vampires. Anything you see 
on T.V. or in movies, forget about it! That stuff is fake and this is 
real! They are killers and do not plan on stopping now!

Dennis: Speaking of which, what are they planning to do now?

Galcian: They want to do something called The Cleansing.

Tenchi: The Cleansing?

Galcian: Yes. In one night, they will attack the most largest populated 
area there is on Earth and take the humans by storm.

Sasami: What do they plan to do when they get the humans?

Galcian: They won't get any human, they will get humans that have a "S" 
marked on their forehead indicating that those people did some sins in 
their lifetime.

Dennis: Where could they be when they do this Cleansing stuff?

Galcian: Since their base is in New York City, chances are that's where 
its going to be.

Tenchi: When?

Galcian: Hmm....I don't think I gotten that information. Simon probably 
cut my head off in the process of receiving more information.

Dennis: This Simon Pure guy plans to get rid all the people who did 
some sins in their life. We got to stop him before he does something 
like that.

Washu: What are you planning to do, Dennis?

Dennis: We have to strike their base and invade their territory!

Ryoko: That sounds suicide, if you ask me.

Galcian: I have to agree with the lady, Dennis. It does sound far too 
dangerous. You are probably taking this Simon Pure guy too lightly.

Dennis: I haven't. I just don't think he can measure up to me. I can 
take him.

Tenchi: What's the next move, Dennis?

Dennis: Since we finally know what Simon is planning on, we have to 
head to his lair and stop him and The Kingdom before they do their 
business. Let's head back to the ship and make up a plan on how and 
where we should strike Simon's lair.

Washu: Do you think this is a wise move, Dennis?

Dennis:(sighs) What other option do we have? Besides, The Cleansing 
that The Kingdom will be doing, it's probably going to happen tonight. 

Ayeka: He's right about that.

Washu: Okay. I'm with you.

Dennis: Right. Thanks, Galcian. 

Galcian: Don't mention it.

Dennis: Um,...by the way, are you....okay in that situation?

Galcian: What? This? I'm fine! You just go and do your business.

Dennis: Okay. Let's go!

	Dennis gotten everyone together and rallied back to the spaceship 
while Mihoshi had to be carried by Kiyone since she hasn't recovered 
yet. Once back on the ship, they dicuss on the certain matter at hand.

Tenchi: Okay. Here's what we know. The Kingdom is planning to do a 
ritual thing that will happen at night. The base is in New York City by 
the harbor port. Do you think we can find his base by the harbor?

Dennis: I doubt it. He's going to hide the base from the people's view. 
Once we get there, I have to find it by using my powers.

Ryoko: That sounds simple, yet it ain't.

Washu: Do you think Simon will be expecting us?

Dennis: I don't think so. He's probably out looking for more people to 
join his gang. 

Tenchi: So, when do we move out?

Dennis: Right now. We could attack their base fast and easy. They won't 
know what hit them until it's too late. 

Ryoko: Okay. Next up, New York! Go, Ryo-Ohki!

	Ryo-Ohki lifted off the desert and headed for the next 
designation. Evening time was coming around and the sky was turning 
black as night was approaching. It took some time to get to the 
wonderful city of New York. They headed for the harbor as that's where 
The Kingdom's hideout is. 

Ryoko: Two more minutes before arrival.

Dennis: Okay. Sasami?

Sasami: Yes?

Dennis: I need you to stay here, okay?

Sasami: But, I wanted to go with you.

Tenchi: It's too dangerous, Sasami. You could get hurt or worse.

Sasami: Do you agree with them, Ayeka?

Ayeka: Yes, sis. Besides, you stay here with Ryo-Ohki and we'll contact 
you if we need help.

Dennis: Good idea. Is that okay with you, Sasami?

Sasami: I'll do it.

Dennis:(smiles) Good girl.

Ryoko: We're here!

	They finally arrived as Ryo-Ohki teleported everyone off except 
Sasami and places them on the port. All they could see were warehouses 
and lookout towers, but no hideout of The Kingdom in site.

Ayeka: This is like finding a needle in a haystack.

Dennis: Only if the needle is sticking out of the haystack.

Tenchi: What do you mean?

Dennis: Stand back.

	Dennis concentrated to unleashing his HellSpawn armor and putting 
it on. He covers his head as well with eyes glowing green brighter and 
brighter. He was looking for the lair through the fog until he finally 
spot something up ahead.

Dennis: I think I found it.

Ryoko: Where?

Dennis: Up ahead behind that warehouse.

Kiyone: But, it's just fog.

Dennis: Remember, I said that Simon would plan to hide the base so that 
the people won't notice. 

Tenchi: Okay. So, we found it. But, how do we get in?

Dennis: Leave that to me.

	Dennis headed in the direction that the base was at. Until he was 
close enough, he summoned his strength to fire a big blast towards the 
base. He made contact and the gang finally saw something in the fog.

Ryoko:(smiles) Looks like we hit the jackpot!

Dennis: That should do it. Let's look for a entrance, shall we?

	Tenchi and company were on the move as they were heading towards 
the base of The Kingdom that looks like a Citadel. Inside, Simon was in 
his chambers mediating until he heard a knock at the door.

Simon: Who is it?

Vampire #1: Sir, we had some vibrations a few moments ago.

Simon: What vibrations?

Vampire #1: I don't know. It came from outside.

Simon: It's impossible for anyone to find this place! I hid it to keep 
it safe.

Vampire #1: Well, someone found it.

	Simon was upset as he puts on his trenchcoat, grabs his sword, 
and follows his vampire follower to find out what the problem is. 
Meanwhile, Dennis carefully scans the area so that they can sneak in.

Mihoshi: This place is crawling with vampires! We can't get in let 
alone getting out later on!

Dennis: We can't turn back now, Mihoshi. This is it.

Tenchi: Do you think Simon heard that blast earlier?

Dennis: If he did, that would be his wake-up call. 

Ryoko: I see an opening.

Dennis: Okay. Follow me.

	They take a path which goes down into the heart of the base. 
Minutes later, they walk into a big, empty circular room. As they look 
over the place, Simon was outside the base looking for anything that 
symbolizes a vibration attack.

Simon: Where is it? 

Vampire #1: Over there!

	Simon saw smoke coming from the side of the Citadel. Burnt marks 
were left there as well.

Vampire #1: Where could something like a blast come from?

Simon: Hmm....I don't know where, but I believe it was done by a 
individual.

Vampire #1: Who?

Simon:(snears) The HellSpawn! He must be here! 

Vampire #1: What?! What could he be here for?

Simon: I'm going to find out sooner or later. Right now, we need to 
gather everyone and find this HellSpawn before he ruins our plan.

	Simon now knows who did the attacks as he rushes back into his 
base. Elsewhere, Tenchi and company look over the site that they are 
in.

Tenchi: What could this room be for?

Dennis: Probably a gathering room where they have their meetings. 

Ryoko: It has to be. There's a strange design on the floor.

	Dennis looks at the floor and sees what Ryoko was talking about.

Dennis: It must be a symbol of their cult gang. 

Kiyone: This place is huge! How could Simon hide something like this?

Dennis: Don't know. But, we have to destroy it before The Kingdom 
continue to reign on this planet.

	Something flashes by and Mihoshi caught it out the corner of her 
eye and she was shaking from head to toe.

Mihoshi: Ki...Kiyone?

Kiyone: Huh? What is it?

Mihoshi: I....I....I....I....

Kiyone: Spit it out, Mihoshi!!

Mihoshi: I saw something behind that pillar!!!

Dennis: What?! 

	More movement came from all around as Dennis was beginning to 
understand what Mihoshi was talking about.

Dennis: There is something weird going on and it's in this room.

Ryoko: We might have company and they aren't too happy.

Tenchi: Like they ever were.

	Soon, vampires appear and surround the gang as they look on with 
their fangs showing.

Dennis: Everyone, stay together! We can take these guys!

Tenchi: Easier said than done, Dennis!

	Then, the vampires began their attack onto Tenchi and company. 
Dennis uses his HellSpawn chains to stop some vampires coming his way. 
Ryoko blasts some away using her powers as well. Ayeka was using her 
Jurai Shield to protect herself from the vampires. Tenchi uses the 
Jurai sword named Tenchi and uses it against the oncoming vampires. 
Kiyone was firing away with her Galaxy Police gun and so was Mihoshi, 
who was firing everywhere and nearly missing everyone. Washu stood 
behind Dennis so that she won't get attacked. The vampires noticed it 
and decided up a plan. The chains was grabbing one of the followers and 
two others grabbed the chains and pulled Dennis away from the gang 
leaving Washu out in the open. Washu was shocked as she sees a vampire 
in the air and heading in her direction with its fangs exposed. Dennis 
saw it and was upset as he uses his chains to slice the other vampires 
from the waist down to get rid of them and runs to save Washu. He uses 
his cape to grab her and to get her out of the way. The vampire lands 
on the ground missing her and looks on to plan to go after her. 
However, what he saw next was the head of the chain coming his way and 
it viciously goes through its head like a bullet shot. It died 
instantly as it falls to the ground. Washu was safe as she was in the 
arms of Dennis. High above the fight and standing on a ledge, Simon 
Pure was looking on as he saw the events that occured.

Simon:(thinking) Hmm. This HellSpawn is something else. He uses his 
powers to help his friends, mostly to that pink haired woman. Its like 
he's in love with her. If that's true, then I may have found out his 
weakness.(chuckles) That gives me the idea and this HellSpawn will fall 
at my feet!

	Dennis and the rest were getting rid of the last couple of the 
vampires in the area.

Ryoko:(breathes heavily) About time we got rid of them! There were 
tough.

Tenchi: No kidding. They don't know when to quit!

Dennis: At least we gotten rid of them.

Simon: On the contrary, my dear, HellSpawn....

	Everyone looks on to see Simon Pure coming out of the shadows.

Simon: ....you just barely fought the front line of The Kingdom. Allow 
me to show you the The Kingdom itself!(snaps fingers)

	Then, the whole area around and above them were filled with The 
Kingdom followers. 

Ryoko: We need a miracle!

Simon:(smiles) You don't need a miracle, my dear. You don't have to 
fight all of my followers. All you have to do is one thing.

Dennis: And that is?

Simon: Well, you just give me your woman and I'll might let you leave 
here with your lives!

Ayeka: His woman?

Ryoko: He's referring to Washu.

Dennis: Huh?! No chance! I'm not giving you Washu!

Simon: If you don't, then my army will have you for the main course.

Tenchi: Whoa! He planned this while we were fighting earlier.

Kiyone: Why is he doing this and what does he want with Washu?

Dennis: You're guess is as good as mine, Kiyone.

Washu: What do you want to do with me?

Simon: That will remain classified, Washu. But, in time, you will 
become one of us!

Ryoko: Huh?!

Ayeka:(shocked) One...of you?!

Dennis:(shakes his head) No. No. I won't let you do this!

Tenchi: Dennis, we can't do this while the odds is a million to one!

Dennis: Never tell me the odds, Tenchi! 

Simon: So, what is it going to be, HellSpawn? Your woman or your lives?

Dennis:(growls) How about if I just rip you stinkin' head off!!

Washu: Dennis, don't.

Dennis: Huh?

Washu: We can't afford anymore bloodshed even if it means to keep me 
safe. 

Dennis: Washu, you're not....but, you can't....

Washu: I'm sorry.(teary eyes) But, I don't want you to do this for me.

Ryoko: Washu, don't be foolish! We can't let you do this! He's a 
vampire, for crying out loud!!

Tenchi: Are you sure, little Washu? This might be a mistake.

Washu:(sighs) If it is, then I won't mind because as long as I have the 
love of Dennis, there's nothing else that matters.

	Dennis was beginning to cry which he was trying to hold it back. 
Washu saw it and places her hand on his face.

Washu: Don't worry. As long as you are alive, there is hope. Remember 
that, okay?

Dennis: Yeah.

Washu: Take care.

	Washu begins to head for Simon as Dennis was struggling to not 
look over at Washu with Simon.

Simon: You're going to love it here, my dear.

	Washu slaps Simon Pure right across the face.

Washu: I'm no ones "dear", you sick freak!

	Simon touches his face after the slap from Washu and chuckles.

Simon:(smiles) When we are done with you, you're going to love me!

	Two vampires came from behind and grabbed Washu taking her 
somewhere in the base. Simon was about follow as well, but....

Dennis: Simon!!!!

Simon: Hmm?

Dennis: Remember this!! If you dare touch Washu in any way, I swear 
that the next time we meet,...(eyes glowing bright green)...I'm going 
to tear you into shreds!!!!

Simon:(smiles) I'm looking forward to it, HellSpawn!!

	Simon goes off as two big doors close up behind him. Dennis knows 
that they are free for now, but that doesn't change the fact that Washu 
is being held by Simon Pure and Dennis is furious as ever. They went 
back to Ryo-Ohki minutes later and left to head back home in Japan. 
During the trip back home, everyone on the ship was rather upset after 
what went down at the base of The Kingdom. They were taking this 
seriously, but the ones that were taking this very seriously were 
Dennis and Ryoko.

Tenchi: It don't take a regular man to figure out how Dennis is doing.

Ayeka: Try to imagine if I were taken by that Simon character. You 
would act the same way as well.

Tenchi: Yeah. But, my feelings or my anger that I would have is nothing 
compared to Dennis. He's probably at the point where he could explode 
at any moment.

Sasami: Is he going to be alright?

Ayeka: It may take some time for him to get back to normal, Sasami. 

Kiyone: This is happening way too fast. I mean, don't you think that 
Washu should've thought about fighting those vampires instead of giving 
herself to Simon?

Ryoko: Washu did what is right even if it didn't look right! You know 
that we wouldn't survive in there, Kiyone. Not even for a minute. Those 
animals would rip us apart with their fangs! 

Tenchi: That's right. It would be impossible to leave out of there in 
one piece.

Ayeka: The real question right now is: What does he want with Washu?

Dennis: If I'm correct, he's probably playing mind games with me! 

Tenchi: Mind games?

Dennis: Yes. But, he should know that I'm the wrong person from him to 
play mind games with!

Kiyone: If this is just a game, what does he want with Washu?

Dennis: I don't have a clue.

	Dennis leaves the group to ponder with his thoughts alone.

Tenchi: I think we should leave him for the moment. He's been through 
enough for one night.

Ryoko:(thinking) So have I.

	Ryo-Ohki arrived back at Tenchi's household and everyone went in 
to sleep for the night. Meanwhile, Washu was tied up in a chair and in 
a room with vampires at guard.

Washu: Hey! What do I do to get some food around here?!

Simon: You won't have to worry about food, my dear.

	Simon walks in from the left side of the room.

Simon: Because once you become one of us, you can go out and hunt down 
all the food that you want.

Washu: Like I said, four-eyes! I'm not joining your little gang and I'm 
not anyone's "dear"!

Simon: You do realize that what you are doing is futile. One way or 
another, the blood of our race will flow through you and you shall love 
me with your grace.

Washu: I would rather throw up on you than to worship you.

	Simon became upset as he grabs Washu's throat and took off his 
sunglasses exposing his sockets with no eyeballs.

Simon: Don't even try to test my patience, my dear! Because I maybe 
cilivized on the outside, but I'm a beast ready to tear something in 
pieces on the inside! So, you better show me some goddamn respect!!!!

	He releases his hold on Washu's throat as Washu had a scared look 
on her face after hearing what Simon had to say. Simon puts on his 
sunglasses and turns around to see a follower bringing in a golden cup.

Simon: As much as I would rather to enjoy taking your eyeballs out of 
your sockets, I would rather do this little business my way. 

Washu: What's in that thing?

Simon: I humbly picked one of my followers to happily donate his entire 
blood into this cup. Unfortunately, he died in the process. Anyway, 
there is two ways for you to become one of us. Either you go through 
our ritual or drink this cup of blood. The process may take a couple of 
hours, but it will be worth it.

Washu: I'm not drinking anything! I'm still too young to drink.

Simon:(chuckles) A fiesty one, aren't you? Hold her!

	Two vampire guards hold her head as Simon came forward with the 
cup.

Simon: When you become one of us, you will want more of this and 
believe me, there's plenty more where this came from. Open her mouth.

	They forcefully opened her mouth and when it was wide enough, 
Simon poured the entire cup of blood into Washu's mouth. They closed 
her mouth and Washu shallowed all the vampire's blood. In seconds, 
Washu felt abit weird as she slowly closed her eyes and went to sleep.

Vampire #2: What now, boss?

Simon: We should put her in my room. I have a table which will hold her 
in place. Once the blood takes its course, she will wake from her 
slumber and become my new servant and assistant to lead The Kingdom 
into the night of The Cleansing.

	Washu appeared to be in trouble as she will become, either she 
likes it or not, a vampire of The Kingdom. Back at the Tenchi 
household, it was morning and Tenchi goes to the living room to watch 
T.V., but only to see Dennis standing by the door window looking 
outside. 

Tenchi: Dennis?! You stayed up all night?!

Dennis: What else could I do last night? My mind was at its breaking 
point and resting was the least of my worries at the moment.

Tenchi: Listen, I may not have the feelings like you do towards Washu, 
but you have to understand that, right now, there is nothing we can do. 

Dennis: Maybe. But, we can't just give up on Washu!

Tenchi: No one's giving up! It's just suicide if we go back there and 
try to rescue her without a plan.

Dennis: If you have any ideas, Tenchi, let me know, okay?

Tenchi: But,....(sighs)

	Tenchi walked to the kitchen as Dennis was focusing his sites on 
outside for the morning. Ryoko came downstairs and saw Dennis in the 
room.

Ryoko: Morning, Dennis.

Dennis: Morning.

Ryoko: Well, I see someone got off the wrong side of the bed this 
morning.

Dennis: For your information, I didn't sleep.

Ryoko: Huh? You didn't sleep?! But, weren't you tired last night?

Dennis: You ask me that? I figured you would understand my reason for 
not sleeping by now.

Ryoko: What are you....? Oh. Okay, now I do. Listen, I'm angry inside, 
you know! Don't you think I'm at least abit angry when they took Washu 
away from us?! 

Dennis: I know you are, Ryoko. I never said you didn't.

Ryoko: You didn't have to. Your body language speaks for itself. 

Dennis:(sighs) What exactly do you want me to do, Ryoko?! I'm nowhere 
near in the state of mind to think up a plan! Right now, my mind is set 
on taking Simon's stinkin' head off right off his shoulders!

Ryoko: You have to put that aside until we rescue Washu from Simon. 
That should be the first priority.

Dennis:(silent for a moment) I'll be walking in the woods if you need 
me.

	Dennis opens the door and closes it behind him as he heads for 
the forest. Ryoko was confused and upset of Dennis's actions, but she 
can't blame him for acting that way. The feelings he had towards Washu 
must've been very deep if he's acting this way. Tenchi and the rest 
were eating the breakfast that Sasami cooked up.

Ayeka: I wonder where's Dennis?

Ryoko: He had to blow some steam so he left.

Tenchi: He's still upset, is he?

Ryoko: Yeah. I wish he could stop mopping and think up something 
because what he's doing isn't going to bring Washu back!

Kiyone: To be honest, I thought you would be acting that way, Ryoko.

Ryoko: Well, that's true. If it was Tenchi being held by Simon, I would 
be acting the way Dennis is right now.

Tenchi: I suppose we should let him be alone for awhile until we think 
of something that will save Washu.

	Sasami places the chopsticks down.

Sasami: Excuse me, everyone.

	Sasami got up and left the table. Everyone was surprised by this 
and wondered what was that all about. Sasami left the house and went to 
find Dennis in the forest. It was far-fetched in her mind, but she had 
to do something to get Dennis back to normal. She was looking high and 
low for Dennis until she thought up one last place that Dennis could 
be. Minutes later, she found him standing by the lake and looking 
forward at the tree in the middle.

Sasami: There you are!

Dennis: Huh?! Sasami, what are you doing here?

Sasami: Came to get you, silly. You're missing a wonderful breakfast.

Dennis:(sighs) I'm not hungry.

Sasami: Come on, Dennis. I....want you to come back. You're not leaving 
us, are you?

Dennis: Leaving? I ain't going anywhere, Sasami.

Sasami: But, you're acting strangely lately and I'm worried that you 
may leave us again.

Dennis: No, Sasami. I'm not leaving. It's just....well, it's rather 
hard for me to explain.

Sasami:(sniffles) How come?

Dennis: Because I have certain things that I want to keep bottled up 
inside me and I have a feeling that if I open this bottle, I'll end up 
hurting you or the rest.

Sasami: I know that you love Washu very much, Dennis. I love her, too. 
I miss her and so does everyone else. We can't abandon one another 
right now. If we do, Washu's sacrifice would be in vain.

	Dennis clutching his left hand.

Dennis: I don't want to lose her! I don't want to lose her just like I 
lost the last person that I fell in love! How can I go on in my life 
knowing that the person I love ain't in danger from people who are 
evil?!?!

Tsunami: You forgot one thing, Dennis. Friendship is the key to heal 
the wounds that each person has suffered.

Dennis: Huh? Tsu...Tsunami?

	A ghostly woman appears above the lake and in front of Dennis. It 
was the other part of Sasami, Tsunami.

Tsunami: It's nice to see you, Dennis. It's been awhile. 

Dennis: Yes. But, I doubt that you can help me in this time of need.

Tsunami: It's never too late, Dennis. You know that better than anyone 
else. You beaten that heroine from Heaven, remember? 

Dennis: I do. I recall you saying that it was friendship that gotten me 
through that battle.

Tsunami: Exactly and right now, looks like friendship is needed again 
in this dreaded hour.

Dennis: You're right about that. But, I don't want anyone else to get 
in the same situation like the last time.

Tsunami: You have to look deep within yourself and believe that you can 
win in battles that may seem to be on the brink. In time, it will be 
your decision and yours alone when that situation arises.

Dennis: Hmm. Let me ask you this, Tsunami. Is there any chance of us to 
survive in the events to come?

Tsunami: I'm afraid I don't know the answer to that, Dennis. But, you 
have to do what is necessary in order to come out on top. If you want 
to succeed, you have to think clear. Otherwise, nothing will come out 
the way you planned it. 

Dennis: Yes. I'm beginning to understand now. 

Tsunami: If that is true, then you know what to do now.

Dennis:(smiles) I do. Thanks, Tsunami! You're definitely the person I 
needed to hear!

Tsunami: You're welcome.

Dennis: Ready to go, Sasami?

Sasami:(giggles) Yep!

	Dennis took Sasami's hand as they were heading back to Tenchi's 
household and Tsunami disappeared from the lake. Minutes later, Dennis 
and Sasami made it back and the rest were waiting in the living room.

Sasami: We're back!

Ayeka: Sasami, where have you...?! Oh, Dennis.

Dennis: Hey, everyone.

Tenchi: Are you okay, Dennis?

Dennis: Before I answer that question, I have something to say to all 
of you. I apologize for my actions lately and I have to blame it on 
myself. I wasn't thinking clearly and it totally threw my state of mind 
into a tailspin. Now, thanks to some kind words from an old friend, I'm 
back to my old self again so now, I'm fine.

Ryoko: Well, I'm glad to hear that.

Ayeka: Me, too.

Kiyone: We will help you anyway we can, Dennis.

Mihoshi: That goes for me, too.

Dennis: Thank you. Now, what we need to do know is to figure out what 
to do since Simon hasn't planned on doing The Cleansing yet. We may 
need to head back to Cairo and talk to Galcian. He would probably think 
of something at this time.

Tenchi: That might be the only option we may have to take.

Ayeka: We should take that option now while we still have a chance to 
save Washu!

Ryoko: Then, it's agreed. Let's go!

	Tenchi and company finally agreed and boarded Ryo-Ohki as they 
headed back to Cairo, Egypt to speak to Dennis's friend, Galcian. As it 
was growing closer to evening, Simon awaits by his door as Washu began 
to show signs of waking up. 

Washu:(groans) What....was in that....drink?

Simon: So, you're awake. How was your beauty sleep?

Washu: Why do I feel groggy?

Simon: Your body system is slowly adjusting to the blood I gave you 
last night. You're becoming one of us. 

Washu: One of you?! I would rather die before I become one of you!

Simon: You may say that now, but in a matter of hours, your mind will 
be filled with vengefulness and vampire instincts. You will be an 
animal just waiting to be unleashed! As you can see in that mirror next 
to you, you are having some new dental work.

Washu: Huh?

	Washu looks at the desk mirror and sees fangs in her mouth.

Washu: Oh, no! It's really happening!

Simon:(smiles) Yes. Be prepared, my dear. The next time I see you, you 
better have an appetite because we will go hunting together tonight.

Washu: Tell me this, Simon! Is there a cure to this?

Simon:(laughing) A cure?! My dear, the only cure is exposing yourself 
to the sunlight! There's your cure! 

	As Washu watches Simon Pure leaving his quarters laughing away, 
she couldn't believe what she heard of how to rid herself of the 
infection of being a vampire.

Washu:(thinking) Dennis, please hurry. I don't know how much longer I 
can hold out.

	Meanwhile, Simon heads for the top of the roof on the warehouse 
as he looks on at New York City's lights. 

Simon:(thinking) Soon I will lead my army to wipe out the human race! 
The Cleansing is coming soon and not even this HellSpawn can stop me! 
(smiles)

	Elsewhere, Ryo-Ohki was finally reaching Cairo, Egypt and landing 
on the sand far away from the city. The gang went into the city and 
headed for Galcian's home. 

Dennis: Galcian, it's me.

Galican: Come on in!

	They enter the house and sees Galcian's head facing the T.V. with 
a Yankees cap on.

Dennis: What are you doing?

Galcian: What do you mean? 

Ryoko: What's with the cap?

Galcian: Oh, this. Well, I have to keep up with my baseball games. I 
maybe headless, but that doesn't mean I can't watch T.V.!

Kiyone: I'm not going to ask how he flips the channels.

Galcian: What brings you guys here? Did you get rid of Simon and The 
Kingdom?

Tenchi: Not exactly.

Galcian: Then, what?

Ryoko: Simon defeated us, but at least we left without being eaten.

Dennis: Not only that, he has Washu in his possession.

Galcian: Washu? Oh, you mean "little" Washu?

Ayeka: Yes. He took her when we were surrounded by the vampires. For 
some reason, Simon would release us if we give him Washu.

Galcian: Well, why in sam hill does he want Washu for?

Ryoko: We don't know. It boggles our minds right now.

Dennis: To my best guest, he's playing mind games with me. He wants to 
torture me before the next time I face him.

Galcian: That can't be the only reason. 

Tenchi: That's what we could come up with, sir.

Kiyone: Can you think up a reason why he took her?

Galcian: Hmm. Did he say anything about having her become one of the 
members of The Kingdom?

Tenchi: I don't recall that.

Ayeka: Me neither.

Dennis: He better not harm her! I warned him if he did, I will rip his 
head off personally!

Galcian: Are you planning to rescue her from Simon?

Ryoko: Of course, we are! Washu said to rescue her the next time we go 
back there!

Galcian: Then, you do have a plan, right?

	Everyone was silent for a moment.

Tenchi: Not really. 

Galcian: Then, I guess you have to stay here until we come up with 
something that can save "little" Washu.

	Galcian was right about that as everyone had no choice but to 
stay put until someone comes up with a plan to go rescue Washu from 
Simon's grasp. Back at the Citadel, Washu was trying to get herself 
free from the ropes. 

Simon: Are those ropes too tight for you?

Washu: Huh?

	Simon walks in with his sword in hand.

Simon: Here. Allow me.

	With quick action, he slices the ropes that held Washu with his 
sword.

Washu: Why are you doing this?

Simon: I wanted you to come with me for a moment. I would like to talk 
to you.

Washu: What if I don't?

Simon: Well, I might as well kill you where you stand. How's that?

Washu:(sighs) At least I had some choices to choose from. 

	Washu went with Simon as he takes her around the base where The 
Kingdom lives.

Simon: I have to say, Washu, that you have caught my attention the 
other night.

Washu: What did I do that caught your attention?

Simon: You did nothing! Absolute nothing! You stood around and did 
nothing to help your friends. Everyone fought the followers of The 
Kingdom except you. Why?

Washu: Well, is it because I'm not a fighting type?!

Simon: Maybe. In my mind, I could hear your plea of help.

Washu: I wanted Dennis to save me.

Simon: Not that plea! I mean that you wanted to be driven out of that 
group and into ours. Become one of us, my dear, and you can have all 
the fighting experience that you can ever imagine.

Washu:(raises an eyebrow) You're full of it, you know that.

Simon: What?! How dare you say that?! 

Washu: Give me a break! Why do I need fighting skills when I use only 
one part of my body and that's my brain. I'm the greatest scientist in 
the universe and I don't need fighting experience for that.

Simon: So you say, but if you want to survive on this planet, Washu, 
you better start putting your fist up and defending yourself. 

Washu: Listen, Simon! I'm not going to stand around and listen to this, 
okay? When Dennis shows up, we will see if you can....huh?

	All of a sudden, Washu drops to her knees while clutching her 
stomach.

Washu:(groaning to the pain) My....stomach! What's happening?!

Simon: That blood is boiling inside of you and its time for it to fully 
turn you into us. 

Washu: You....are going to....pay for....this!!

Simon: I sincerely doubt it. Embrace the pain, my dear. Don't fight it! 
The more you struggle, the more it will hurt. Let the blood make you 
one of us!!

	Washu was screaming of agonizing pain as she feels this unearthly 
feeling growing inside of her. She clutches her head knowing that it 
was getting inside of her head and changing her into a different mood. 
Her eyes were changing color as it was changing from green to bloody 
red. She was crawling on the floor still feeling the changing. As Simon 
looked on, Washu stopped and gotten back on her feet. She looks up at 
Simon and smiles devilishly with her fangs showing.

Simon:(smiles) At last! You have become one of us, Washu! You're a part 
of the family!

Washu: I must say that it feels pretty good. Now, what do you want to 
do know, Simon?

Simon: First things first, my dear. I do believe I have something 
picked out for you when the time came around and I want to see you in 
it.

	Washu's transformation into a vampire has been complete and Simon 
Pure was already making her feel right at home. Meanwhile, Dennis and 
the rest were still thinking up a plan to get Washu back.

Ayeka: This is hopeless. If we don't think up something, all hope is 
lost!

Tenchi: I know, Ayeka. But, what can we do against an army of vampires?

Ryoko: I guess ramming Ryo-Ohki into the base is out of the question.

Dennis: I don't think that would work at all, Ryoko. 

Galcian: Dennis, have you done the teleportation move?

Dennis: The teleportation move? What's that?

Galcian: Well, legends tell of a move that a HellSpawn uses to get to 
places in a matter of seconds. It uses its cape to take them through a 
tunnel of fire and sends you to the place where you recommended to be.

Dennis: For real? That might work. Can it work with multiple people?

Galcian: Not a whole lot. Doing this move will take a whole lot of 
power out of you.

Tenchi: What do you mean out of power? This technique takes the energy 
out of Dennis?

Galican: Yep. Use the teleportation move rarely so that you won't lose 
all your energy. 

Dennis: Right. So, if I can't bring a party of five on this trip, how 
many people can come?

Galcian: One. That's all.

Dennis: Great.

Kiyone: Wait a minute. I have a great idea.

Tenchi: What is it, Kiyone?

Kiyone: That teleportation move just completed my whole idea. If Dennis 
can go into the base of The Kingdom, he can find out where is Washu 
being held and return here so that no one will know. How about that?

Galcian: It's a little rough around the edges, but I believe that may 
work. What do you say, Dennis?

Dennis: I'm willing to try anything right now. 

Tenchi: Okay. So, it's settled. Before the night is over, we have to 
know where is Washu being held and is she okay. 

Kiyone: But, who goes with Dennis?

Tenchi: I should. 

Ryoko: No. I will. 

Tenchi: Ryoko, are you sure?

Ryoko: I have never been so sure in my life, Tenchi.

Ayeka: Don't worry, Tenchi. I'm sure Ryoko can take care of herself.

Ryoko: Ayeka, I'm going to say this once. Lay off the insults until 
Washu returns home, understood?

	Ayeka looked at Ryoko who has a stare that could kill people. 
Ayeka knew what Ryoko was talking about.

Ayeka: Yes, I do.

Ryoko: Fine. Ready when you are, Dennis.

Dennis: Right. 

	Dennis unleashed his HellSpawn armor and unravel his cape. He 
cleared his mind so that he can pinpoint a perfect place for them to 
teleport to. Once he got it, the cape wrapped him and Ryoko as a circle 
opens up underneath them and green smoke covers them up as they 
disappeared and gone into the tunnel that is taking them to place were 
Dennis was thinking of. It took a couple of minutes for them to finally 
reach there and the place where they are in was the Citadel.

Ryoko: Are we here?

Dennis: It appears to be. I can sense some bad karma from all around 
us.

Ryoko: Where should go first?

Dennis: We need to get the exact location of where Washu is at. But, we 
need a martyr.

Ryoko: That was exactly what I was thinking.

	Dennis and Ryoko headed off in search of Washu. Some hallways 
lead to nowhere as they were looking for a way to get some information. 
Then, Ryoko spotted someone walking out of the corner of her eye.

Ryoko: Dennis, found one!

Dennis: Lead the way.

	Ryoko lead the charge in the direction where Ryoko saw a vampire. 
They found him and quietly gotten into a hallway before the vampire 
felt something and turned around to see what it was. He saw nothing 
behind him, but once he turned back around, the chains were above him 
and wrapped him up. It took him into the hallway where Ryoko and Dennis 
are and he was scared when he saw the HellSpawn.

Dennis: One scream and your head goes off, got it?

	The vampire shook his head.

Dennis: Good. Now, I want information and I need it now. If I don't get 
it, Ryoko here will damage your body until there is nothing left. I'm 
going to remove my chain from your mouth and you better not do anything 
stupid.

	Dennis did removed the chain which was covering his mouth.

Ryoko: What's your name, freak?

Steven:(shaking) Ste....Steven!!

Dennis: Okay, Steven. I want to know if you ever heard of a woman named 
Washu. Does the name ring a bell?

Steven: No! No! I don't! 

Dennis:(eyes glowing green) You're lying!!!

	Dennis tightens the grip of the chains around Steven's neck.

Ryoko: Do you have a better answer now?

Steven: Okay! Okay! I do! I do!! I tell!!

	The chains releases some of its grip.

Dennis: Spill it!

Steven: I was....passing through the room where this Washu woman is at. 
Simon didn't want any chances of the event that took place here a 
couple of nights ago, so he placed her in his chambers.

Dennis: What?!?! Where is his chambers?!?!

Steven: It's five floors....no! Six floors up and to the right!! I 
swear! 

Dennis:(sighs) Six floors and to the right?

Steven: Yes!!

Dennis: Okay.

	Dennis released the grip on Steven's neck.

Dennis: Let's go!

Ryoko: Right. But, one more thing.

	Quickly, Ryoko formed a sword with her energy and sliced the head 
off from the body.

Ryoko: We don't want him to warn the others, right?

Dennis: Good call.

	Dennis used his chains to grapple the walls and climbed them with 
Ryoko holding on. Once they arrive on the six floor, they raced to the 
room which was on the right as Steven said. They saw two doors that 
maybe look like the room where Washu is. They checked to see if the 
coast is clear and when it was, they broke the door down and entered 
the room. In front of them was Washu in a chair facing the wall.

Dennis: Washu! It's me!

Ryoko: Come on, Washu. We got to get out of here!

	Washu stood silent.

Ryoko: Washu, did you hear me?!?! 

Dennis: Hmm.

	Dennis walked forward to the chair and placed his hands on 
Washu's shoulders. But, when he looked forward, something shocked him 
as he was looking at the mirror and saw nothing but himself! There was 
no reflection of Washu whatsoever.

Dennis: What is this?! 

Washu:(chuckles) I'm glad that you finally came to rescue me. But, it 
was all for nothing, you fool!

	Dennis backed off as Washu stood up and was in her adult form 
wearing a black leather dress and long elbow sleeves. A black necklace 
and earrings to match as well. 

Ryoko: Dennis, what is going on?!

Dennis: I don't know!

Simon: Perhaps I should explain.

	Dennis and Ryoko turned around and sees Simon at the doorway with 
his followers behind him.

Simon: It's rather simple for you to understand, HellSpawn.

Ryoko: What is the meaning of this?! 

Simon: My meaning is none of your business! What I do around here is 
none of your concern, but since the HellSpawn has arrived, I might tell 
anyways. You see, I wanted to have Washu for my own and what made it 
possible was you and your pathetic band of friends that night.

Ryoko: What are you talking about?! If you are referring to that night 
when we attacked your clan, what does this have to do with us?

Simon: I watched and I noticed Washu unarmed and weak from the rest. 
She stood around doing nothing! I wanted to help her, make her strong 
so that she doesn't have to stand around and be nothing! 

Ryoko: Washu was fine being what she always been and that was a great 
scientist. Who gave you the right to decide what she can and cannot 
do?!

Simon: I can answer that rather simple question for you. Washu forced 
me to do what I didn't wanted to do. I forced her to drink a cup of 
blood from one of my fellow members of The Kingdom.

Ryoko: You what?! 

Simon:(smiles) After that was done, it was only a matter of time before 
Washu was finally in complete control of the blood and she has finally 
become one of us.

	Washu was heading towards Simon as she passes Dennis who is 
holding back all his anger and frustration while clutching both hands.

Simon: Since I have her by my side, The Cleansing shall commence.

Dennis:(shouts) SIMON!!!!

Simon: Huh?
 
Dennis:(angrily) I warned you to NOT touch Washu!!! But, you didn't 
listen!!! Now, you shall feel MY wrath!!!!! You shall pay for what you 
did to Washu and I will never forgive you for doing it!!!!

Simon: Don't be saying nothing if you aren't going to back it up, 
Dennis.

Dennis: Believe me, I will show you what I can do!!!!

Ryoko: Dennis, we can't do this! We are outnumbered and our plan is out 
the window. We have to retreat!!

Dennis: I will not retreat! Not now!

Ryoko: We can't get Washu now! She's totally on Simon's side and unless 
we have the rest of the gang, we don't stand a chance. Remember what 
your old friend said to you.

	Dennis realized what Ryoko meant and calmed down. He unleashed 
his armor and cape to wrap him and Ryoko up so that they can return 
back home.

Dennis: Simon, remember this and remember it well. After all of this is 
done, I shall have you for myself and when I win, I will have the 
privilege of cutting off your head!!

Simon: Keep dreaming, HellSpawn. 

Dennis: Yes, but in this dream, you die!

	Soon, Dennis and Ryoko disappeared into the tunnel to head back 
to Galcian's home. 

Washu: What now, Simon?

Simon: We should double our security. We don't want him or anyone else 
entering in here. Next, I shall plan on when we should start The 
Cleansing.

	Simon left to do his business as Washu follows him. Minutes 
later, Dennis and Ryoko returned to Galcian's home.

Galcian: You're back!

Tenchi: Dennis, did you....?

	Tenchi stopped in his tracks realizing that Washu wasn't with 
them.

Tenchi: I guess it wasn't a success.

Ryoko: You're not too far off the truth there, Tenchi.

Ayeka: What happened?

Dennis: Simon. It was all Simon Pure!

Galcian: What did he do?

Ryoko: For some reason, he somehow turned Washu against us and she's 
with the enemy!

Kiyone: What?! Washu wouldn't do that!

Ryoko: It wasn't her choice, Kiyone. Simon forced her to drink some 
blood of a vampire so that she can be one.

Ayeka: So, Washu is a vampire?

Dennis: Yes. 

Tenchi: What should we do now?

Ryoko: Nothing. We need to rest and come up with a better plan.

Galcian: Hold on! What about The Cleansing?

Dennis: I don't know. Simon didn't mention it while we were there.

Galcian: It's important that we know when it's going to happen. If we 
don't, hundreds of people will become a victim to The Kingdom.

Tenchi: But, how do we find out?

Galcian: I'll try to do something on my part. The rest of you can't 
help.

Dennis: What are you planning to do?

Galcian: If I have the strength, I'm going to telepathically try to 
read one of the followers of The Kingdom. With some luck, I will have 
some information about when and where The Cleansing would be at.

Ryoko: How long will it take?

Galcian: A few hours, but I need complete silence. 

Dennis: So you shall, my friend. Tenchi, go back home and get some 
rest. I'll stay here and wait for Galcian to get the information. When 
he does, I shall return to your home.

Ryoko: I'm staying, too.

Dennis: No. I'm okay. You need to rest, Ryoko. 

Ryoko: Are you sure?

Dennis: Believe me. You will need all the strength when the time is 
right.

Tenchi: Alright, Dennis. We will leave and await your return.

	Tenchi and the rest left Dennis with Galcian as they headed back 
home in Japan. Dennis knows that it will be a long night ahead of him, 
but he needs to know on when The Cleansing will strike. It could be his 
one and only chance of getting back Washu. Meanwhile, Simon was in his 
mediation chamber with his sword in hand. Washu was with him smiling as 
she watches him calm himself down before the storm. Minutes later, a 
knock was heard and Washu opened it.

Washu: What is it?

Vampire #1: Tell Simon that the clan is together and awaiting his 
speech.

Washu: Okay.

	Washu closes the door and walks towards Simon.

Washu: My dear, your clan is waiting for your presence.

	Simon stood up firm as he places his sunglasses on.

Simon: It begins.

	Simon and Washu headed out and went to a pillar that was 
connected to the hallway. It was high above the floor which was filled 
with followers of The Kingdom. It brought a smile to Simon Pure's face.

Simon: Fellow members of The Kingdom, lend me your ears!! I have been 
told by our God that the time is now! Tomorrow night in the crowded 
streets of New York City, the people that walks among those streets 
shall become our prey as we feast upon their lives!!! Remember to look 
for the "S" on their foreheads indicating that they have sinned once in 
their lifetime. It shouldn't be a problem to find one considering that 
everyone in that city has sinned once in their lifetime!(chuckles) So, 
gather your strength and rest well because tomorrow night will become 
The Kingdom's night and we shall take our rightful place on this 
planet!!!

	The Kingdom followers cheered and shouted for their humble 
leader, Simon Pure. But, little did any of them know that their minds 
have become a homing beacon in which Galcian was able to hear and 
collected the information regarding the night when The Cleansing will 
begin. 

Galcian: Oh, dear.

Dennis: What is it?

Galcian: Simon has told his clan that The Cleansing will begin tomorrow 
night!

Dennis: What?! They are planning on going through with this?!

Galcian: It appears to be. We have to strike now before tomorrow night 
comes.

Dennis: How can we stop a situation like this? What does he plan to do 
that night?

Galcian: Feast upon the mortals in the nearest city. 

Dennis: Not just any mortal, right?

Galcian: Only the ones who has an "S" on their forehead showing that 
the person has committed a sin.

Dennis: Hmm.

	Dennis had to think it over of what Galcian spoke about until he 
thought up something that he may consider a good idea.

Dennis: Galcian, I may have an idea!!

Galcian: Don't keep me in suspense, boy! Spit it out!

Dennis: That information about going after people with an "S" gave me 
an idea. I can go to New York and probably use my powers to disguise 
the "S" on the people's foreheads so that they can't be attacked by 
Simon and The Kingdom.

Galcian: Wait. I'm beginning to understand. So, if you do that, the 
people will still be alive even though they do have committed a sin.

Dennis: Exactly. When that is done, Simon will be upset. Once he thinks 
about it, he will only come up with one reason: Me. 

Galcian: That means that he's going after you instead.

Dennis: Probably, but at least he will be away from civilians. Is he 
going to have the whole clan with him?

Galcian: He wants everyone to savor the moment tomorrow night, so he 
probably will. Why?

Dennis: We need to finish this tomorrow night between me and him. We 
need to find a way to get rid of The Kingdom and their base.

Galcian: I might have a way, Dennis. Check my bookshelf and grab the 
red book on the left.

	Dennis goes over to the bookshelf near the kitchen and grabbed 
the book Galcian told him to get.

Dennis: Okay. Now what?

Galcian: Now, turn to page 645.

	Dennis flipped through the book to go to the page.

Dennis: Got it!

Galcian: Okay. On that page shows a design. A design that is a doorway 
to Hell.

Dennis: What do you mean?

Galcian: Simon will probably have a different design in The Citadel, 
but he doesn't know the full version of it. If you draw the design in 
the book over the design at The Citadel, that will open a door and 
release a power that will wipe out every vampire in site!

Dennis: Wipe all of them out? But, what about Washu?

Galcian: If you need to cure her, you have to get her out of the way 
before the power that was released hits her.

Dennis: Right. 

Galcian: Dawn is coming up soon. My best advice is that you get some 
rest to regain your power before heading back home to Tenchi and the 
rest.

Dennis: Good idea. 

Galcian: You can keep the book. You'll need it.

Dennis: Okay. 

	Dennis went to rest on the couch so that he can be prepared for 
what is about to come later in the day. Back at Tenchi's household, 
everyone was up for breakfast, but still were waiting for Dennis's 
return from Galcian.

Sasami: I wonder if Dennis is coming back?

Tenchi: Don't worry, Sasami. Dennis said he will return when he gets 
done with Galcian. 

Ryoko: He better. I don't want Washu being in the clutches of that 
vampire!

	Then, a sudden burst of green flames opened up and out came 
Dennis from the tunnel. He lands on the floor feeling abit weak from 
going through the teleportation.

Dennis: Hey, guys.

Kiyone: Dennis, are you alright?

Dennis: Never better.

	He gets up and cleans himself off.

Dennis: Now, to business.

	Dennis sat down with the rest while they were eating breakfast. A 
couple of minutes past as Dennis explained to the rest of what he and 
Galcian spoke of concerning the actions that they must take in order to 
stop The Cleansing that is being lead by Simon Pure.

Ayeka: The Cleansing is going to happen tonight?

Dennis: Yep. They are going to attack New York City since it has 
thousands of people at night.

Ryoko: And most of those people probably committed a sin, too.

Kiyone: Okay. So, how do we stop a band vampires from attacking the 
people tonight?

Dennis: "We" don't have to do anything. I'm going to New York City and 
use my powers to camouflage the sins that the some people may have 
done. If it works, when Simon and The Kingdom make their way to the 
city to look for food, they won't see any "S" on their foreheads.

Tenchi: Will it work?

Dennis: Yes. If it does, chances are they are going to put two and two 
together and they are going to come up with me in the problem.

Ryoko: Wait. So, you are just going to save the people and have Simon 
and The Kingdom go face you?

Dennis: Probably.

Ayeka: That's impossible! Even for a HellSpawn, you can't take that 
much punishment!!

Dennis: Maybe not, but at least I'm going to save millions of people 
falling prey to The Kingdom!

Tenchi: There's something missing in this whole plan of yours, Dennis. 
If you are going to do that, what will we do?

Dennis: Simple. You take this book and head into The Citadel. There's a 
good chance that there would be no one left behind to guard it. Head 
into the center of the place and locate the design on the floor that I 
shown you in the book. Once you find it, trace the counterpart design 
on top of it with a marker. You got to work fast when doing this 
because I don't know how long I can hold them off before they return 
home.

Ryoko: And once the design is drawn, a door opens up and a powerful 
blast will wipe out the vampires for good?

Dennis: Indefinitely.

Sasami: But, what about Washu? She's a vampire, too, right?

Tenchi: That's right. Washu is a vampire as well. If this power hits 
her,....

Ryoko: Don't even say it, Tenchi! I don't want to hear it! Tell me 
there's a way to save her from that blast, Dennis?

Dennis: Galcian told me that I have to save her before the blast hits 
her. I can shield her from it until it passes by, so there's nothing to 
worry about as long as I have her in my sights before the blast comes.

Mihoshi: When are we going to do this plan?

Ryoko: Dennis, since you have to make the people's sins disappear for 
the time being, you should leave here two hours before nightfall. 

Dennis: Right.

Ryoko: Once that is done, we shall head back to The Citadel and draw 
this door before Simon have his feast on someone else.

Tenchi: Will you sense this blast coming your way, Dennis?

Dennis: Unless I'm knocked out by Simon, yes.

Tenchi: Well, that's a relief.

Kiyone: Listen, we got a good 7 hours to prepare ourselves for tonight. 
Once night falls, there is no turning back.

Ryoko: Couldn't said it better myself, Kiyone.

Dennis: Then, it's settled.

	After a long discussion on tonight's event, Tenchi and company 
now know their part in this plan to stop Simon Pure from releasing his 
minions upon New York City. Back at The Citadel, Simon mediates in his 
chambers as Washu passes his room.

Vampire #1: Mistress, where are you going?

Washu: Shh. I'm going out.

Vampire #1: But, you'll melt!!

Washu: Don't worry. This clothing I will be wearing will protect me 
from ten thousand sunlights! Don't forget, my fellow clan member, I'm 
the greatest scientist in the universe.

Vampire #1: Oh, how silly. But, how long will you be gone? Simon will 
be ready when night falls.

Washu: There is nothing to worry about. I shall be here with Simon when 
he cast The Kingdom upon the world and devour each and every last human 
beings on this planet!

	Washu left The Citadel and heads out to do whatever she has in 
mind. Meanwhile at the Tenchi Household, everyone was doing their daily 
chores around the house, but they won't forget what is at hand later 
that day. Ryoko was drinking tea while laying on the rooftop and Dennis 
was at the Masaki Shrine gazing at the sky and the view of the trees 
near and far from his position.

Dennis:(thinking) I'll get you back, Washu. That's a promise.

Washu: Hello, dear.

Dennis: Huh?! What the..?!

	Dennis turns around to see Washu appearing out of the shadows of 
the Shrine. 

Dennis: Washu?!?!

Washu:(smiles) What? No hugs? I thought you will be glad to see me.

Dennis: I'll be happy if you aren't a vampire and back to normal.

Washu: Fat chance of that happening, HellSpawn.

Dennis: What is it that you want?

Washu: I'm just telling you this. Stay out of The Kingdom's way or you 
shall pay the ultimate price.

	At the household, Ryoko senses something and disappears as she 
goes off to see what she felt.

Dennis: What makes you think that I'm just going to stand by and watch 
Simon and his stupid gang take over this planet?

Washu: Because I know deep inside you that you can't beat Simon. Not 
even in a one on one match.

Dennis:(sighs) There's one thing that you are wrong about, Washu.

Washu:(raises an eyebrow) Oh, really? Enlighten me.

Dennis:(smiles) When I face Simon, he can watch as I rip his stinkin' 
head off and make sure that he doesn't live to see another night!

	Just then, Ryoko appeared behind Dennis.

Ryoko:(gasped) Mother.

Washu: Hello, Ryoko. I see you are in good health.

Ryoko: Whatever you are doing, it stops right here.

Washu: I wasn't doing anything, Ryoko. I was delivering a message to 
the HellSpawn.

Ryoko: From Simon?

Washu: No. From yours truly.(chuckles)

Ryoko: Well, reply this message to Simon. Tell him that we are....

Dennis: Ryoko!

Ryoko: Huh?

	Dennis shook his head telling her to stay quiet.

Washu: Hmm. I wonder what you fools are thinking right now? Doesn't 
matter because it won't do you any good if it revolves around tonight's 
feast.

Dennis: You can guarantee this, Washu. Tonight will be the last night 
that The Kingdom will see a clear moonlight ever again.

Washu: I doubt it. Farewell.

	Washu smiles on as she heads into the shadows and disappears in 
front of Dennis and Ryoko.

Ryoko: We got to make sure that no one survives tonight. Right, Dennis?

Dennis: Agreed and to get Washu back to normal.

	Dennis and Ryoko headed back to the house so that they could 
explain what went down a few minutes ago. After they returned and 
explained the whole situation, they were still agreeing to do what they 
needed to do that night.

Tenchi: Should we go see Galcian before we move out tonight?

Dennis: There's no need. Whatever he and I discussed the other day was 
all that we needed to know. What happens here and now is up to us. 
That's all there is to it.

Kiyone: We got less than 3 hours left. Should you be leaving now, 
Dennis?

Dennis: Shortly. I just need to relax and regain my strength and 
prepare myself for the task at hand.

	Dennis got up and headed for Washu's lab. Everyone was puzzled by 
it, but they understand that Dennis needed to be alone until he gets 
his full concentration for what he's about to do. 

Ayeka: I hope that everything will go alright for us.

Ryoko: It better. We are the only people left to stop this terror from 
starting.

Kiyone: But, do you think Dennis can hold off those vampires all by 
himself?

Ryoko: He may not get through the fight without a scratch, but at least 
he's fighting for the people and his friends. 

Sasami: I believe Dennis can do it. He's probably the only one who can.

Tenchi: We should prepare ourselves as well for tonight. Once Dennis 
leaves, we head to The Citadel and await for the right moment to move 
in.

Ryoko: Right. 

	The plan is set and night was coming in less than 2 hours and 30 
minutes away and The Kingdom followers were waiting to head out and 
attack the people in the name of God. Simon walks out of his chambers 
as he is prepared for tonight as well.

Simon:(thinking) Tonight will be out glorious night as we will devour 
every mortal on this planet who has sinned! This is our night and there 
will be no one to stop us!!

	Back at Tenchi's household, everyone was getting things together 
as the time was under 2 hours. Dennis emerged out of Washu's lab and 
everyone saw him.

Tenchi: Dennis, are you ready?

Dennis: Yeah. I'm leaving. You all know your part, right?

Everyone: Right!

Dennis: Good. Let's finish this once and for all!

	Dennis unleashed his HellSpawn armor and cape and used his powers 
to teleport him to New York City. Ryo-Ohki got outside and transformed 
to the spaceship. She teleported everyone on board and they were 
heading to the Citadel. Minutes later in New York City, Dennis arrived 
on top a building as he looks on at the lights being on in this city. 
He starts to concentrate his energy as his hand began to glow green. 
His eyes turned green as well and looked upon the sky as it was filled 
with dark clouds. A fog was befalling towards the streets of New York 
and gave Dennis an idea. He use his powers to put the energy of his 
into the fog and have it spread upon the city so that it can save them 
from being attacked by Simon and The Kingdom. Once it was done, Dennis 
teleported himself out of New York as his part in this plan was done. 
Once the time was up, The Kingdom and Simon Pure with Washu by his side 
appeared on countless rooftops looking down at the people who were 
about to become prey to these vampires.

Simon: Look at them. They have no idea what will happen in a few 
seconds.

Washu: Once we get done with this area, we will search throughout the 
whole world for more sinners!

Simon: You are correct, my dear. Now, let us commence on our night of 
glory.

	Simon gave the signal and every member of The Kingdom fell to the 
grounds and surprised everybody on the streets. They scurried to find 
shelter before they attacked them. Simon unleashed his sword when he 
saw his prey to devour. He chased him down and grabbed him by the neck, 
but once he turned around to see his scared look on his face, Simon's 
face was shocked to see no "S" on his forehead.

Simon: What the hell?!?! This fool never committed a sin?! 

	Simon tosses the person away and went after another. He looked at 
the forehead of the young lady and to his surprise, again there was no 
"S" on the forehead.

Simon: Another one?!?! Impossible!!

Washu: Simon! I'm being told by the others that no one that they have 
captured has no "S" either!

Simon: How can it be?!?! Someone in this wretched town must have 
committed a sin somewhere in their life!!!

Washu: Something is wrong, Simon. What you are saying is true, but for 
some reason, these mortals have no "S" on their forehead!

Simon: I don't understand!! How can this be possible?!?! 

Washu: This makes no sense to me neither. But, there has to be a.....

	Washu thought up something the very next minute.

Washu:(upset look) Of course!!

Simon: What?!

Washu: How could I be so blind!! 

Simon: Tell me!!

Washu: The reason why we have no luck finding a sinner is because the 
HellSpawn did this!

Simon: The HellSpawn?!?!(growls) How dare he do this to us!! He shall 
pay the ultimate price!!!

Washu: And so he shall, Simon. I think I know where he is.

Simon: Then, lead on, my dear. Lead on to the treacherous HellSpawn!!

	Simon was furious as he has ever been. With the denial of The 
Cleansing, Simon now hunts a different prey: Dennis Mitchell, the 
HellSpawn. Dennis was back in Japan and standing by the lake in front 
of Tenchi's household. As he stands there gazing at the moon, he has a 
green "S" marked on his forehead.

Dennis:(thinking) Come and get me, you S.O.B.'s! I'm here waiting for 
you!

	Back in New York, Ryo-Ohki approached The Citadel with extreme 
caution.

Ryoko: We're here! 

Tenchi: The place better be abandoned.

Ayeka: It should be. Dennis said that Simon would take all of his 
followers with him.

Kiyone: Even if they were some left, they wouldn't leave it this 
unprotected.

Ryoko: Enough chit-chat. Let's head on in.

	Ryo-Ohki teleported everyone off at the base of the Citadel. They 
sneakily went in without anyone or anything noticing them. It appears 
that the second half of Dennis's plan was now beginning as Tenchi and 
company head their way to the Citadel's center. Back at Tenchi's 
household, Dennis continues to stand and wait for Simon and The Kingdom 
to appear. Little did he know that they are there and in the shadows of 
the forest. Dennis sensed something as he turns around and saw Simon 
Pure and Washu standing their grounds and were angry as ever.

Dennis: What took you?

Simon: You have a lot of nerve messing with me, HellSpawn!!

Dennis: Well, you started it by taking Washu away from me. I say we are 
pretty even.

Simon: No!! We are not even! Not by a long shot!!

Washu: Yes. Simon here will do his best of cutting you down to size!!

Dennis: I sincerely doubt that.

Simon: I see you bear the "S" on your forehead. Why shouldn't you? 
After what you did to me and The Kingdom, you should bear the mark of a 
sinner!!

Dennis: As long as it brings you to me, that's fine with me.

Washu:(smiles devishily) What makes you think that we came here alone?

Dennis: Huh?

Simon: First, I shall send my unhappy feasters upon you since you are 
the one who broken their dreams of devouring human flesh!(snaps 
fingers)

	Soon, hordes of followers came out of the forest from all around 
as they all headed for Dennis.

Dennis:(smiles) Simon, let me show you why you shouldn't mess with me!

	Dennis covered his head up in his HellSpawn mask as he prepares 
for the onslaught of attacks from The Kingdom. He concentrated all of 
his power from within as he is surrounding himself in green aura. Then, 
he unleashed it towards the attackers. Almost every single one falls 
prey to the blinding light from the HellSpawn. More continue to move 
forward to Dennis's position as he was prepared for their arrival. He 
unleashed his chains and uses his cape to fight against his foes. Foes 
who are driven to a frenzy for the scent of blood and taste of sin. 
But, standing against them was a warrior who is the last line of 
defense between the murderous pack and the world they would slaughter.

Simon: He is definitely improved since the last time I saw him fight. 

Washu: Something tells me that you pushed him too far, Simon.

Simon: Bah! I have done nothing.(growls) Kill him!! He has dared to 
meddle with our night of glory! Make an example out of him!! 

	Dennis broken off the attack as he gotten himself out from a pile 
of vampires.

Dennis: You wanted a sinner, Simon! Here I am! See if you can take me!

	Back at the Citadel, Tenchi and the rest finally arrived at the 
center of the Citadel.

Tenchi: So far, so good. 

Ryoko: Is this the symbol?

Sasami: According to the picture in the book, it's a match.

Ayeka: So, all we have to do is draw the opposite design over this?

Ryoko: That's all we have to do. Everyone grab a marker and pick a 
section you want to draw. We have to do this right and get it done 
fast!

	Everyone agreed as they are now doing the next plan to stop The 
Kingdom once and for all. Back at Tenchi's household, Dennis was 
holding his own as he fights off the band of vampires. But, after he 
knocks two down, ten more would come at him and bring him down to the 
ground. Simon looks on at his followers of The Kingdom with pride 
knowing that Dennis must pay for his interference. 

Washu:(smiles) It won't be long now, Simon.

Simon: Yes. 

	As the vampires continue to gnaw at the HellSpawn, Dennis 
struggles against the countless assailants, one being against hundreds. 
That's when he went for his trump card. He uses his power to call upon 
the creatures of the night. Legions of bats blacken the sky as they 
attack the vampires. In the end, they will prove little more than a 
distraction, but it will be enough. Back at the Citadel, the gang were 
almost complete with the design drawing. 

Ryoko: Mihoshi, hurry it up!! We don't have time for neatness!

Mihoshi: I can't help it!! Sometimes I'm not the type of person to rush 
through things.

Kiyone: Not when you have the whole entire world resting on your 
shoulders!

Ayeka: I'm done!

Tenchi: Same here!

Ryoko: Okay. Sasami?

Sasami: Finish!

Ryoko(thinking) That leaves Kiyone and Mihoshi.

Kiyone: Through over here!

Ryoko: Mihoshi!

Mihoshi: Just a few more seconds.

	Out of nowhere, a hand grabbed on to Mihoshi's ankle.

Mihoshi: Huh? Wh-wh-wh-wh-who's there?

Vampire Guard: Intruders!!!!

Mihoshi:(screams) Kiyone!!!!

Kiyone: Uh-oh!!

Ryoko: Great! 

	Back at the battlefield, Dennis finally releashed his chains to 
push away the vampires that were left on him.

Dennis: Enough!! This is between you and me, Simon Pure!! Face me like 
a man!!

	Simon unleashed his sword and with his other free hand he took 
off his sunglasses and crushed them.

Simon: It will be my honor!!!

	Simon went forward to attack Dennis with his sword. The sword 
came within inches of cutting Dennis's head off, but Dennis was able to 
fight back. The sword was slicing the back and arms of Dennis as green 
blood came out.

Simon: I am the fury of Heaven, HellSpawn!!! God's own wrath!! I shall 
not be denied!! I am the light! The hot, righteous flame of glory and 
my judgment is FINAL!!!!

	Then, he drove his sword within Dennis's right shoulder.

Dennis: Shut up!!

	Dennis ignored the pain and used his chains to wrap up Simon. He 
uses the other free chains to pull out the sword and throw it away.

Dennis: This is my world!! The only judgment that counts around here is 
mine! 

	He places his hand on Simon's forehead.

Dennis: Understand this, Simon. You are no hero nor a savior. You are a 
killer in martyr's clothing! You lead an army of fools, blindly loyal 
to your own mad cause! 

	He uses his powers and somehow caused Simon to scream out in 
pain. He drops Simon from his grasp and steps back.

Dennis:(sighs) I do hope you trained your servants well.

	Simon was getting up slowly from his attack from Dennis. But, 
what was left from Dennis that was on him was a mark. A mark of an "S" 
and The Kingdom followers soon turned all of their attention to Simon 
Pure. Back at the Citadel, Tenchi and company were found by the guards 
of the Citadel.

Ryoko: We don't have time for this.

Ayeka: Agreed. 

	Ayeka uses her Jurai power to shield everyone from the guards.

Kiyone: Hurry up, Mihoshi!!

Mihoshi: I can't!! I lost the marker!!

Kiyone: What?!?!

Ryoko: You got to be kidding me.

Sasami: I see it!

	Sasami found the marker, but it was outside the Jurai Shield.

Kiyone: I'm going out there! Ryoko, cover me!

Ryoko: My pleasure.

	Kiyone jumped through the shield as she gets the marker. Some of 
the guards turned their attention to Kiyone and go after her. Ryoko 
fired her energy blasts at the vampires before they could reach Kiyone. 
Kiyone got the marker and raced to get back into the shield. She made 
it and gave it to Mihoshi. Back at the battlefield, the followers of 
The Kingdom attacked Simon Pure since he had a mark on his forehead. He 
was dead and now everyone who killed him had an "S" on their foreheads 
which caused more vampires to turn their attention to one another. 
While that was going on, Mihoshi was finishing up the last fill in and 
the design was complete. Everyone gotten off the circle and headed out 
of the Citadel as rumbling noises were occuring and a bright light 
begins to rise from the floor of the design. The Citadel was exploding 
from the inside and the vampires that were in there were disintegrated 
by the blast. At the battlefield, Dennis sensed the situation from New 
York and knew it was time for his final phase of the plan. He 
surrounded the last bit of vampires left in a circle of green flames 
insuring that none of them would get away for what is about to come 
their way.

Dennis: That should do it. Hmm?

Washu: Have you forgotten me already, HellSpawn?

Dennis: No. But, I assure you, I will save you from this accursed form.

	Dennis uses his cape to wrap Washu in it. He brought her closer 
to him as the power that came out of the Citadel was heading to their 
location. He protected Washu as hard as he can when the blast hits the 
last of The Kingdom followers and turning them into rubble in seconds. 
Tenchi and the gang look back to see the Citadel go up in flames, like 
a candle. They now know that their job was finally done.

Ryoko:(sighs) It's over!

Tenchi: It looks that way.

Ayeka: I wonder if Dennis is alright?

Ryoko: I think he is. He would do anything to bring back Washu. 

Kiyone: But, where is Dennis? He didn't stay in New York.

Tenchi: Hmm. I probably have a good guess where I think he is.

Ryoko: Me too. Go, Ryo-Ohki!

	Ryo-Ohki went into turbo and zoomed through the sky like 
lightning. In minutes, they arrived back at Tenchi's household and they 
see what went down hours ago. They gotten off the spaceship and looked 
to see if there were any survivors. They couldn't spot Dennis or Washu 
anywhere in the area.

Ayeka: Where could he be? 

Sasami: I hope he didn't get hurt from that blast.

Tenchi: I don't think so. But, then again, I'm not sure.

Ryoko:(thinking) I'm just hoping if Washu made through this mess.

Kiyone: Hmm? Look!!

	Kiyone spotted something and everyone look to see what Kiyone 
saw. In front of the house was a rock, but it was moving. Soon, it was 
somehow disappearing and getting up from the ground was Dennis carrying 
Washu in his arms.

Tenchi: Dennis?!?!

Dennis:(slight smile) Hey, guys. Glad you made it back.

	Everyone went over to see if Dennis was fine.

Ayeka: You really scared us there for awhile.

Dennis: Sorry. But, I had to wait and make sure that the blast didn't 
hit Washu.

Sasami: How is Washu?

Dennis: Right now, she's out of it. But, we need to tie her down when 
she regains consciousness.

Tenchi: Why?

Dennis: Even though Simon and The Kingdom is gone, she still have 
vampire blood running through her veins. 

Ryoko: But, how can we cure her?

Dennis: I might have a way. Let's get inside.

	They headed inside the house and did what Dennis said to do. They 
have Washu tied up in a chair and awaited for Washu to wake up. Slowly, 
she was and when she focused on what was ahead of her, she began to 
snarl as the sees Tenchi and the rest.

Washu: Infidels!!! Get away from me!!!

Kiyone: Boy! Talk about being grouchy when waking up!

Ayeka: What should we do now?

Dennis: Not "we", Ayeka. I.

Ayeka: Huh?

Ryoko: What do you plan on doing?

Dennis: I maybe a bit weak from the battle earlier, but....I will do 
anything I can to save Washu and bring her back to normal!

Washu: Don't you dare touch me, HellSpawn!! God shall rain on you with 
his destruction and justice!!! You shall be taken away from this world 
like a worm....(mumbling)

	Ryoko stuffed a sock into Washu's mouth.

Ryoko: I guess you wanted me to do that, didn't you?

Dennis:(slight chuckles) Thanks.

	Dennis approached Washu as he stares into her eyes. With bloody 
red eyes gazing right back at him, he knows that he has to do this or 
he won't get the Washu that he loves so much back. He places his right 
hand on top of her head and forehead and closes his eyes. Everyone 
stood back not knowing what Dennis was about to do. Then, Dennis right 
hand begins to glow green as it was doing something to Washu. In a 
instant, Dennis released his power so that he can make Washu better and 
drive the vampire blood within her gone. Washu was screaming while 
having the sock in her mouth. After a cruel two minutes, Dennis stopped 
as he took his hand off Washu, fell to the ground face first and 
Washu's head slumped downward like she was out.

Tenchi: Dennis?

Ryoko: Dennis is out cold. It took a lot out of him in order to cure 
Washu.

Ayeka: But, how do we know that Washu is cured?

Tenchi: We'll worry about that later. Let's take them both down to 
Washu's lab and put them on a table so that they rest.

Ryoko: Good idea.

	Ryoko picked Dennis up as Kiyone and Mihoshi untied Washu and 
grabbed her body as well. They headed for Washu's lab hoping that they 
would rest there until morning. Everyone else headed for bed knowing 
that there was nothing else for them to do at the moment except waiting  
and see if Washu is better and if Dennis will be alright since he used 
most of his power to cure Washu. Morning came and the sun rose up from 
the sky and shining its light towards Tenchi's home. Back in the lab, 
Washu begins to show signs of movement. She opened her eyes slowly as 
she focus her sights on what was above her. 

Washu:(groans) Oh,....my head. Where....where am I?

	She looks around and realize that she was back in her lab.

Washu: I'm home? But, how did I...?(gasped)

	Washu looked over to her left and sees Dennis lying on the table.

Washu: Oh, no!! Dennis!! Please, be alive! Wake up!!

	She shakes his body trying to get him up. Dennis was moving his 
head back and forth trying to shake a few cobwebs out of his head. 

Dennis:(groans) Boy. These powers certainly have its limits.

	Washu begins to get teary eyed and started crying.

Washu: Hello, Dennis.

Dennis: Huh? Washu! 

	He hugs her while still on the table.

Washu: I missed you so much!!

Dennis: So have I, little Washu!

Washu:(smiles) It's good to hear that from you again.

	Then, the door opens and Tenchi with the rest came downstairs.

Tenchi: Hey! They are awake!!

Dennis: Morning, Tenchi!

Ryoko: Mom!

Washu: Hello, child. 

Ryoko: I thought we lost you.

Washu: You can't get rid of me that easily.

	Ryoko hugs Washu and Washu was gasping for air.

Washu:(gasping for air) Ry..o..ko..., re..le..as..e me!

Ryoko: Oh, sorry.

Sasami: She really missed you, Washu.(giggles)

Washu: Yes. I can tell!

Dennis: But, I missed you awhole lot more, little Washu.

Washu: I can believe that.

Sasami: Say, why don't we eat breakfast for this happy occasion!

Everyone: Yeah!

	They headed upstairs as they awaited Sasami's greatest breakfast 
ever for this special occasion. Minutes later, they were eating and 
talking over what has happened in the last couple of days and Washu 
couldn't believe it even after she heard the entire story.

Washu: So, you all are saying that I was with that freak?!

Ryoko: Yep. Had your arms around him, too.

Washu: You can't prove that, Ryoko!!

Tenchi: Ryoko was kidding on that one, Washu.

Ayeka: But, you don't need proof for this one, Washu. You can't deny 
the fact that Dennis risked everything, including his life, to not only 
stop this treacherous thing to happen, but to save you as well.

Washu:(smiles) That's true. Dennis's heart is definitely made of gold 
and I'm the lucky one to have found him and have him for myself.

	Dennis was red in the face at the moment.

Sasami: He even used his powers to cure you, too.

Washu: He didn't have to do that. I'm sure that one of my inventions 
could've cured me.

Ryoko: I doubt it. All of your inventions has gone up in smoke in the 
last couple of weeks.

Washu: That maybe true, but you can't deny that I'm the greatest 
scientist in the universe and I won't stop until I created something 
that will help mankind!!

Sasami: Until that happens, try to keep the house in one piece.

	Everyone laughed after that and continued their conversation 
throughout the morning. Later, the girls were doing their chores as 
usual around the house. Ryoko was hanging up clothes on the clothesline 
when she noticed Dennis by the lake side. She got done and walked over 
to see what was Dennis doing.

Ryoko: Dennis?

Dennis: Huh? oh, it's you.

Ryoko: Anything wrong?

Dennis: No. Why?

Ryoko: Well, I saw you gazing into the sky and I wondered if you have 
something on your mind that is bothering you.

Dennis: Nothing's bothering me at the moment, Ryoko. With everything 
done, it feels so good to relieve my anger and frustration that I had 
in the last couple of days.

Ryoko: Did you take a relaxing bath in the sauna?

Dennis: I really didn't thought about that, but I'll try it some time 
today.

Ryoko: Right. Since we are on the subject, I have something on my mind 
that has been bothering me since last night.

Dennis: What is it?

Ryoko: Ever since Washu was taken by Simon, I was about to go complete 
nuts! I couldn't even consider of thinking that Washu could become one 
of them let alone being killed by them!

Dennis: What are you saying?

Ryoko: I don't know if I have to face this situation again, but what I 
do know is this. I can't live without Washu. She's a part of me that 
can never let go. If something happens to her, my life and my existence 
don't mean a thing.

Dennis: Washu's your mother, Ryoko. A lot of children sometimes worry 
what would happen if one of their parents dies unexpectedly. They 
wouldn't know how to live without asking one of their parents for 
advice. They would be left alone in the world searching answers from 
that special person who could help them, but they aren't there. Kids 
don't stop living if something happens to their parents. They gather 
their strength up and do whatever it takes to live on in their lives 
knowing that's what your mom or your dad would have wanted you to do. 
They will be proud of you even though they aren't with you. So, you 
can't say that your life doesn't mean anything, Ryoko. Because it does 
mean something and you can do whatever you can with your life as long 
as you remember the people that took care of you when you were born.

Ryoko:(sniffles) That's a nice speech there, Dennis. I never knew you 
had it in you.

Dennis:(scrathes his head) Really? I just made it up along the way.

Ryoko:(smiles) Since you helped me clear that up, I want to say thank 
you.

Dennis: For what?

Ryoko: For saving my mom, Dennis. You know as much as I do that if she 
died, I would lost my mother and you would have lost your true love.

Dennis:(sighs) You're right. For that, you're welcome.

	Ryoko went over to hug Dennis and was crying with her eyes 
closed. Dennis hugged her back knowing that he cares for her and for 
Washu. Washu was at the doorway smiling at the scene of Ryoko and 
Dennis. Everyone saw what Washu was staring at, but Washu cleared the 
area knowing that they needed some time alone for awhile. Later in the 
day, Dennis took Ryoko's advice and took a relaxing sauna bath. While 
resting, the door opens up and in comes Washu in her bathing suit.

Washu: Mind if I join you?

Dennis: Uh,....no-not at all, little Washu.

	Washu steps into the sauna.

Dennis: So, what brings you in here?

Washu: What? You can't allow girls in here with you to relax as well?

Dennis: Huh? No, no! That's not what I meant! I mean...

	Dennis saw Washu smiling and giggling away.

Dennis: Oh. Ha, ha. Very funny.

Washu: I know. I just couldn't help myself. Actually, what brought me 
here is that I wanted to say that I saw you earlier hugging Ryoko.

Dennis: You did? 

Washu: Mm-hmm.

Dennis: Well, you see....I can explain.

Washu: No need. I understand perfectly. 

Dennis: You do?

Washu: Ryoko told me everything. I'm glad you told her that she could 
do whatever she could with her life as long as you keep the ones that 
she loves happy even if they aren't there.

Dennis: I had to clear her mind up. Otherwise, she wouldn't be her 
normal space pirate self.

Washu: That's true. This house wouldn't be the same without that Ryoko.

Dennis: At least you understood what happened earlier. I thought you 
would be jealous or something.

Washu: Trust me. If it was what I thought it was, I would torture you 
until you become total obedient to me!!

Dennis:(slight chuckle) Well, at least you were honest to express your 
feelings.

Washu: And don't you forget it.

Dennis: You know, Washu. Since you are in here, I just wanted to say 
this and say it at the perfect time.

Washu: What is it?

Dennis: As much as I want to stay here, I can't. So, tonight, I'm 
leaving.

Washu: What?!?! What do you mean?! You can't leave me again!

Dennis: I know. But, I can't even think if something comes up and tries 
to take you away or worse. 

Washu: That won't happen because I'll be left behind and I'll be in my 
lab the whole time.

Dennis: No, Washu. I have to do this in order to keep everyone safe 
from whatever may come at the doorstep again.

	Washu swims over to Dennis's position.

Washu: Please, you can't leave me and the rest!! You became like a part 
of the family and we don't know what we would do without you!!

Dennis: I'm pretty sure that you would do okay without me, Washu.

Washu: But, you can't...!

Dennis: I'm sorry.

Washu: But, Dennis! I love you!!

Dennis: Huh?

Washu: And I want to be your wife!!!

Dennis: Washu, you can't be serious about us getting married.

Washu: I have never been so serious in my life, Dennis!! I want you to 
be my husband and be a father to Ryoko!!

Dennis: I...I...don't....I don't know if it's going to work.

Washu: It can and it will. Give it a chance, please?

Dennis: I'm sorry. But, I can't.

	Dennis gets out of the sauna and grabbed his towel.

Washu: Dennis, you can't leave.

Dennis: I'm sorry, Washu. I do love you very much, but I haven't even 
considered of taking that step yet. 

	Dennis opens the door and heads back to the lab to get into his 
clothes leaving Washu in the sauna crying on the ledge of the tub. 
Later in the day, Washu was in her lab sitting by her station totally 
upset, not even working on her inventions. Everyone was at the table 
for dinner, but they were missing two people.

Sasami: Where's Washu?

Tenchi: And Dennis.

Ayeka: Are they still in the lab?

Ryoko: I'll call her up.

	Ryoko went to the door that leads to Washu's lab. She opens it 
and sticks her head through the doorway.

Ryoko:(screams) Washu!!! Time to eat and bring Dennis with you!!!!

	Shortly after that, Washu did come upstairs, but very slowly.

Tenchi: Washu, what's the matter?

Washu: I'm sorry, everyone. But, I'm not eating.

Sasami: You don't feel good?

Ryoko: Where's Dennis? Was he with you?

Washu: Earlier, but I don't know where he is. 

Kiyone: Did he leave you?

Ryoko: I don't think so, right?

Washu:(thinking) I was that was true.

Ryoko: He's still here, right?

Washu: Not in my lab. He's....

	Just before Washu could finish, the front door opens up and 
Dennis enters the household.

Tenchi: Dennis?

Washu: Huh?

Dennis: Hi. Um,....I'm sorry for what's going on, everyone. It's just 
that I had to clear things up and make a decision that I guess will 
make me happy in my life. 

	He walks over to where Washu is and falls to one knee.

Dennis: Washu, I'm deeply sorry for the way I acted earlier and I'll 
make it up to you whenever is possible. But, if I'm going to do this, 
then I'm going to do this right.

	He digs into his pocket and pulls out a small case. He opens it 
in front of Washu and inside was a sparkly diamond ring.

Dennis: I thought about what you said and I guess I should try and see 
what happens. So, Washu,...(slight chuckle and smiles)...greatest 
scientist in the universe, would you be my wife?

	Washu was speechless as she looks at the diamond. She then turns 
her attention to behind her and she sees everyone's mouth wide open and 
in total shock of what was going down. She smiled and reverted her 
attention towards Dennis and begins to cry happily.

Washu: Yes! Yes, I will!!

	They both smiled and embraced in happy gratitude.

Ayeka: I don't believe it!

Tenchi: Washu and Dennis getting married?!?!

Sasami: Ain't this a happy moment or what?

Mihoshi: I get first dib on being Washu's bridesmaids!!

Kiyone: Who said that you are going to this wedding?!

Ryoko: Well, I'll be.

Tenchi: It looks like you got a father figure to look up to, Ryoko.

Ryoko: It sure does, Tenchi. It sure does.

	Ryoko watches as Dennis and Washu continue to hug one another. 
Ryoko shows a little smile knowing that in the first time of her life 
she has not only a mother, but a father to look up to. After the 
shocking proposal that Dennis made to Washu, a month later, they got 
married for sure. Dennis and Washu were now a happy couple and things 
couldn't get any better for those two love birds and Dennis was fitting 
in nicely as being the father that Ryoko never had.





THE END
