Dark Energy Trilogy
By William Benjamin Grilliette (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

All material of or relating to *Tenchi Muyo!* are copyrighted by Pioneer LD and AIC.
All material of or relating to *Men in Black* are copyrighted by Marvel/Malibu Comics and
	Columbia/Tristar Pictures.
All material of or relating to "Evil Pii" or "Nerti Ro" is property of William Benjamin
	Grilliette.
All material of or relating to "Angelbane duSoleil", "Cassandra duSoleil", or "Katiara duSoleil"
	is property of Jeffrey Williams.
More information about cast, plot, and story is available at http://evilpii.dorm4.org/.

Part 3:  Tenchi Muyo! / Men in Black: Inheritance
By William Benjamin Grilliette  (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Act 8

Scene 1

{Screams and explosions echo through the streets of Manhattan in the deep of a starry night of
the new moon.  The roads near the Triborough Bridge and Tunnel Authority's concrete block of a
building lack the lighting of downtown from the destruction of various power stations in the
combat against the dark goddess's power two days before.  In the dim light from the sky, a lone
figure rockets towards the secret residence of the MiB before stopping and landing on the steps
into the building.  The being is the Princess Ayeka, but her beauty has been marred from battle
and evil possession, Dark Ayeka.  The once rose-colored combat uniform provided by Washu has been
corrupted, changed to a pitch darker than volcanic obsidian.  The ring that encircled her right
arm has been shredded and now limps in the wind, pulled by the motions of her arm and momentum of
her walk.  Worse yet, various areas of the uniform have been ripped or cut, revealing her soft
skin which has been further maimed by scorches and incisions.  Her noble blood has caked and
dried at these locations, darkening her persona all the more.  Through some of the damaged areas
of her battlesuit, some of her cleavage is seen, but her face does not reflect her usual modesty.
Her eyes are locked in a sadistic glare directed forward at her objective, her crimson irises
washed away of that beautiful color in favor of the controlled slate grey.  Across her right
cheek, five bloodless cuts mark where Ryoshu-Tokimi's clawed glove left its impression while the
shadow of Kagato blankets her own natural power.  The black Mark of Rage flares out around her
chinline, bearing four blades over the gentle texture of her face.  On her brow, thorns threaten
to jab into her flesh from the grey tiara Key as the bladed crest stands centered on the ominous
regality of the female crown.  The violet hair is disheveled and matted from her blood and sweat,
leaving the only untouched part of her the golden bands about her wrists and ankles.  The
princess slows as her feet start tapping against the ground in a fast walk, gradually becoming a
steady pace after she leaves the air.  While her steps take her closer to the concrete building,
a deep male voice mixes and speaks alongside with her own in a few words.}

Dark Ayeka:  Nagi... prophesied Bastard of Light and Darkness... your death knell has tolled...

{A grin crosses her lips as the sharp crest on her tiara grows black as its edges begin to burn a
flaming red.  She raises her hands together before her, allowing the bloody energy to travel
along her arms to gather between her palms.  This mass of power explodes from her hands in a
flash of black and red, enveloping the door to the Triborough building in darkness.  Within the
MiB complex, the explosion rocks all from the walls to the floors and ceilings, shattering the
glass walls upon many of the MiB agents within the structure.  These run from the falling
transparent blades, covering themselves with their jackets and arms.  >From behind his desk, Zed
shoots to his feet, knocking his rolling chair back towards the wall of monitors that form his
backdrop.  He spins around to these displays to see Dark Ayeka's silhouette through the dust of
the aboveground explosion.  His eyes narrow when a sharp gem on her forehead shines a bloody red
before darkness envelops the screen, followed shortly by static.  Another shockwave ripples
throughout the complex, causing Zed to steady himself with a hand on his desk as young agent K
unsteadily steps into the room wearing his uniform black suit.  The chief glances back over his
shoulder and questions the subordinate.}

Zed:  Are they here?

{K nods and pulls himself to his feet using the door's frame.}

K:  I brought them, sir.

{The zealous agent hurries inside followed by five more persons:  Washu Hakubi, Azaka Juraiko,
Kamidake Juraiko, Nerti Ro, and Cassandra duSoleil.  Washu wears her green Science Academy (SA)
jacket and uniform while Nerti is close behind her bearing the white and red armor that has grown
to be her trademark.  Cassandra follows while her chain mail clinks against the great axe
strapped to her back as the two knights' white gi and hakama armor flow with their movements.
Once in the chamber, the building shakes again with another quake from above, testing the
stability of each person in the environs.  On the streets, Dark Ayeka has not ceased her progress
towards her objective, but it has changed.  The concrete structure that was before her is now a
pile of stones, shattered and broken from the fierce waves of darkness she has been releasing.
The foundation has likewise been dealt a serious blow, opening its hidden elevator shaft to the
open air.  The grin on her face remains while she steps out into the empty gap over the jagged
rip in the ground, hovering in the vapor of the wreckage before lowering herself slowly into the
hole.  Along the path she traversed, a trail of red drops leads to and stops at the hole she has
just entered.  Those within Zed's chambers right themselves and listen while he hurriedly
describes their situation.}

Zed:  Any of you that can fight, we need you to restrain Princess Ayeka!

{With those words, the group who have come into his presence gasp in surprise at his request.
The aged man continues.}

Zed:  She is systematically demolishing this building as well as revealing our existance to the
	outside world!  Whatever that being was that is controlling her has taken her mind for
	certain, and from what she did to Ryoko, she won't have any compassion for us!  I don't
	care about the means or the force, but I want this woman stopped before I'm forced to put
	Code Thirteen into effect!!

{Washu looks back at the chief agent, shocked at his words.}

Washu:  You want us to stop her, or you'll destroy this building and everyone in it?!  Who the
	hell do you think you are, ordering us to harm the princess of Jurai to keep your
	confidentiality?!  You can't order us at all!!

{The man glares back at the short woman in his rebuke.}

Zed:  If we fall, Earth falls.  If Earth falls, Jurai falls.  You can do the math, professor.
	Ayeka has joined the enemy, willingly or not, and has to be dealt with!  I don't care about
	her!  I care about this installation and...!!

{Kamidake takes a step forward and yells his answer over the noise and into Zed's face.}

Kamidake:  No!!

{Solid and firm in his resolve, the red knight glares deep into the American's cold eyes while he
tells his view.}

Kamidake:  She is the princess of Jurai and, therefore, a blood relation to all Jurai!  As a
	knight, I will have no part of a mission to harm or injure her!  Another way must exist to
	free her from the entity controlling her!!

{Zed scowls at this monologue when the blonde Pentinian woman steps forward also and speaks
whole-heartedly.}

Nerti:  I agree with Sir Juraiko.

{The chief agent looks at the young woman incredulously while she explains.}

Nerti:  I know what it's like to be under someone else's control.  I understand what's happened
	to Ayeka, and I won't be a party to this either.  No one deserves to be abandoned like
	that.

{He glances around the room at the other faces in the room to only find a similar stoic refusal
to confront someone for whom they care deeply reflected equally by Washu, Azaka, and Cassandra.
As the tension starts to mount between them all, the air shimmers before four other people appear
in the room:  Yosho, J, Pii, and Angelbane.  The Juraian is sheathed in the clothes of a Shinto
priest while J is in his uniform black suit.  Pii's red armor and Angelbane's plate mail shine in
the flickering light surrounding them.  In the crown prince's hands, he holds close the five Keys
of the Jurai Power, which draw the gazes of the two knights and the small medieval woman.  The
elder of the knights winces at the sight while younger grips his fist in anger towards the
situation.  Cassandra blinks and sighs sadly as she takes her place at her husband's side,
clinging to him while he wraps his arm and cape protectively around her.  Nerti rushes to Pii's
side and takes his hand gently after examining him for injury.  K turns to J and asks him about
his experience.}

K:  What happened?

{J shakes his head quietly.}

J:  That goddess bitch got her and told her to come here.

{Zed now calls for an answer of his own.}

Zed:  For what?

{Pii places his free hand on Nerti's and draws her close as he answers him solemnly.}

Pii:  To kill Nagi.

{Kamidake's eyes widen aghast with this news while Azaka's gaze shoots to his young partner.  The
room grows still with these words as shock fills the hearers before Tenchi's grandfather hastily
turns to Azaka and Kamidake.  He goes to the two knights and extends his arms, holding the Keys
with a grave expression across his face.}

Yosho:  We have little time.  We need to contain Ayeka, but not harm her.  The creature inside of
	her is doing enough damage as is.

{The elder knight nods and takes his blue staff from the pile of Keys, the headpiece shimmering
to accept its true owner once more.  The fiery young Juraian glances from his waiting staff and
into the eyes of the true ruler of his world.  Yosho's gaze pleads Kamidake while the knight's
oath repeats in his mind again and again, the pledge he made aeons ago.}

Kamidake:  By this crimson staff... I pledge my life to protect you, King of Jurai...  the lands
	you rule... and the people within your borders...

{He closes his eyes and reaches for his staff.}

Kamidake:  Why must people be last... even a princess of our world...?

{He closes his eyes and wraps his fingers around the pole while the crown of the weapon shines a
bright ruby, recognizing the one who wields its power.  The young man takes a breath and steps
back, resigning himself to what he must do.  Yosho takes the tiara Key and conceals it behind his
robes before turning to Pii with some urgency.}

Yosho:  You're the fastest here.  Can you take Nagi's Key to her with the information of what's
	happened?

{Nerti releases her love as he steps forward to the prince and reaches for the Jurai device with
a nod.}

Pii:  Yes, sir.

{Time seems to slow as Pii's hand reaches for the hairband Key.  When he grips the hairband, a
hot blue lightning shoots from it and burns his palm and fingers, causing him to recoil back
suddenly from the pain.  The blonde woman comes to his aid and examines the wound, confused along
with Yosho and the others around.  Angelbane watches this quietly while his thoughts return the
truth.}

Angelbane:  Nerti was not the only one changed by Tokimi...

{Washu comes to them and questions them both as haste returns to the situation.}

Washu:  What happened here?

{The grandfather shakes his head hurriedly.}

Yosho:  We'll find out later.

{He turns to Kamidake and extends the hairband Key to the red knight.}

Yosho:  Can you hurry to Nagi with this?

{The soldier hesitates as he internalizes what has happened but then nods and takes the hairband
from the prince.  He turns and then dashes into the distance, down the stairs towards the medical
ward while J hurries across the swaying catwalks, now damaged from the vibrations.  At his
destination, J accesses the glossy black panel mounted on the wall as K joins him.  The two
rapidly enter commands into the touchscreens whereupon two weapons materialize before the agents:
two series-four deatomizers.  Each taking a weapon, both turn back to the others when J nods back
to the crown prince of Jurai.}

J:  We'll use warning shots to coax her towards you guys.  Think you can catch her without
	hurting her?

{With this, Yosho holds the Tenchiken Key at his side while the blue blade appears at his
command.  Azaka grips his staff with both hands while an azure aura surrounds the weapon's
exterior.  Pii draws the hilt of his blade from his left gauntlet before the metal sword extends
along with his wings.  Nerti also pulls the core of her scythe as it appears with the shine of
the lights onto the dull inscription in the blade.  Angelbane simply nods while Cassandra easily
heaves the great axe into her hands at the ready.  Washu nods and steps towards the others with
an idea forming.}

Washu:  If you all can hold her in one place for long enough, I can gather enough of my power
	into a shield generator to restrain her without harm.

{The others agree with the plan when a spite-filled laugh echos throughout the entire hall,
attracting everyone's attention to the elevator's shutters.  All recognize it as the princess's
voice even before her words mixed with the dark presence inside her call to them.}

Dark Ayeka:  All are assembled onstage except the precious star of the night...  the Bastard of
	Jurai...

{Washu and Zed meet behind the other eight as they all form a front facing the elevator shutters.
The Ryoan professor materializes her phantom laptop and hurriedly enters codes which create a
small gateway of light near her hand.  Zed's anxious gaze shoots between Washu's hasty yet
deliberate motions and the action near the lift.  The shutters open normally, save the lack of
artificial light within what would normally be the car.  Stillness builds in the tension before a
sanguine glow exposes the bladed crest of the thorn tiara, as well as the visage of its owner.
With slow and planned steps, the dark Juraian exits the shadows into the flickering light of the
INS division of the MiB, opposite those gathered around Zed's central office.  When the light
strikes her form, gasps arise from Nerti and Cassandra while the horrified words of the blue
knight exemplify their expressions of sadness and astonishment at the princess's condition.}

Azaka:  Oh my God...!!

{Dark Ayeka grins at his words.}

Dark Ayeka:  Is there something you see that you do not appreciate, my dear knight?

{A light chuckle escapes her lips as she glances about the room at all those in attendance of
this event.  First, her eyes fall upon the two MiB agents before a larger smile graces her face
at the sight of Pii and Nerti side-by-side to her left.  The evil within the princess analyzes
the situation favorably through her thoughts.}

Dark Ayeka:  Two easily done...  The next two... they will be harmed but only temporarily
	incapacitated...  leaving four...  who care for the princess far too much to attack...

{The Juraian royal darts up through the air before coming to rest on the catwalk nearby J and K
while she cups her hands together, summoning a ruby sphere of power between them.  Pii yells out
to the other two Terrans as Dark Ayeka's eyes glance with a grin to the bounty hunter.}

Pii:  J!  K!  Duck!!

{Shaking her head, she aims her blast at Pii and rockets it forward towards him while the two MiB
agents raise their weapons to aim at Dark Ayeka's feet as obsidian cylinders appear around the
two men.  The young man in red armor shoots into the air as Nerti rolls to the side while J and K
start to run out of the cylinders when the floating objects generate a black cage of lightning.
The agents scream out in pain before they cringe and fall to the ground.  The energy sent at Pii
arcs its path and follows him faster than he can escape.  On impact, Dark Ayeka's power envelops
him within a cloud of blue and red sparks as he is knocked into a spin.  He lands hard on another
panel of the catwalk while Nerti calls out to him, her concern heard in her plea.}

Nerti:  Will!!

{Dark Ayeka now turns to the blonde woman, stalking towards the girl ominously with the soft
steps of her feet against the coarse metal.}

Dark Ayeka:  And now for you, Daughter of Aelins.

{Nerti turns to the princess and starts to back away while taking a defensive stance.  Angelbane
starts towards Nerti when a heavenly voice enters his mind, stopping him.}

Voice:  Let Princess Ayeka pass...  I will deal with her...

{Cassandra also edges for Dark Ayeka and Nerti when her husband grabs her shoulder and stops her.
The raven-haired woman looks back at the man she loves confused while Yosho and Azaka dash
towards Nerti's position.  Behind the eternal man and his wife, Washu's fiery hair levitates as
does her body from the ground slightly while a crimson aura surrounds her.  Zed kneels before her
aiming a pistol grip device bearing a parabolic dish toward Dark Ayeka.  On the device is a
horizontal bar that seems to be of crystalline-organic origin spiking out perpendicular to the
handle Zed holds.  The Ryoan scientist's arms extend out horizontally from her shoulders while
the energy she collects increases.  The princess pays the girl no attention as she stares coldly
at Nerti with the two legendary Juraians.  The blonde's breathing slows some when her mind
recalls a familiar voice speaking to her, explaining what needs to be done, her teacher Oniko.}

Oniko:  Fire can be rageful and destructive, but it can also be calm and fluid...  You must be
	the same as both, Nerti...

{Unconsciously, Nerti lips the next few words under her breath while gripping her scythe firmly.}

Nerti:  Wait for my opponent and move with her...

{The princess's eyes narrow when she summons her black logs back around herself as the thorn
tiara grimmers bloody red.  At this, each block begins to shine along with the crown's bladed
crest before angling their tops directly towards Nerti.  Dark Ayeka raises her hand vertically
and then drops it to point her index finger at her enemy.  In response, the formation of wood
around her send a barrage of beams at the young woman in white armor.  To this, Nerti spins on
her left foot to her left, side-stepping the pin-point accurate barrage while lowering her scythe
into an alternate battle stance.  She speaks again her sensei's words as her legs launch her at
Dark Ayeka before her tail of golden hair can finish its turn.}

Nerti:  Then burn their hand!

{She draws the scythe's staff close, preparing the blade-less end for contact with Dark Ayeka's
crown.  Her feet land close to the princess and take one step more as she spins the pole at the
tiara.  The Juraian, however, takes a deep step back and leans backward, allowing the scythe to
hit only air.  The regal hair wraps around her as Dark Ayeka turns a complete revolution while an
aura of crimson appears around her right fist.  With the force of the spin, she lands the back of
her fist against Nerti's lumbar hard, sending the woman in white to the ground hard and in great
pain.  The red power in the princess's hand envelops Nerti in a way identical to Pii, a cloud of
colored lightning.  The princess recovers to her standing position to face Yosho and Azaka who
hold their Keys ready.  Then, a crimson flash comes from Dark Ayeka's right, pulling her
attention away from the two before her.  A red sphere appears around the dark Juraian as she
glares back towards the source of this field, Zed's pistol device, fed energy from Washu's small
hands focusing her strength into the crystalline poles on the weapon.  The Ryoan girl's face is
clinched in concentration as the red aura around her is sent away to Zed when the thorns on Dark
Ayeka's tiara spark between themselves with the corrupted Jurai energy.  The blade crest explodes
into a black fire with the princess's anger, the wood cylinders around her resonating to the
blaze on her forehead.  A second field appears within Washu's and expands from the Juraian to
meet the first in a gnashing of crimson and azure.  Low tone words escape from Dark Ayeka's lips
as Washu begins to struggle, and her device to overheat, scalding Zed's hands.}

Dark Ayeka:  Surrender, Ryoan...  You are not my quarry, but I will not hesitate to eliminate you
	if you resist as well...

{The green eyes of the professor gaze back at the slate grey of the princess while her head
shakes, denying the Juraian's offer.  Dark Ayeka replies in a sadistic grin while extending her
arms, fanning her fingers towards the two conflicting shields.  The dark Jurai field continues to
expand, causing cracks and fissures in the Ryoan energy around it.  In the following seconds, the
device in Zed's hands begins to glow red before he tosses it to the side, too hot for his hands
to contain while Washu's aura fades as does her exhausted consciousness.  She collapses behind
Zed as the shield around Dark Ayeka shatters into ruby filaments before the dark Jurai shield
vanishes along with Dark Ayeka's black blocks.  The obsidian fire on her blade crest, however,
does not extinguish as her gaze turns back to Yosho and Azaka.  She now questions their resolve.}

Dark Ayeka:  Do you persist, or shall I continue my mission to murder the bastard child Nagi?

{Before the prince or knight can answer, Angelbane's voice calls out to the black royal with his
reply for them all.}

Angelbane:  No, we do not persist!

{The Juraians dart their gaze to the man of legend, shocked by his words while his wife is aghast
by him.  The flame flickers away from the tiara's crest as she turns from Yosho and Azaka with a
nod and a smile to Angelbane.}

Dark Ayeka:  You always were sensible, duSoleil.

{She jumps from the scaffold and lands in a sprinter's stance on the ground before standing and
following her path towards the medical ward.  Yosho calls to Angelbane with both confusion and
amazement at the man's decision.}

Yosho:  Why did you let her go?

{Azaka nods with a similar impression written in his face.}

Azaka:  From what has just happened, I do not believe that Nagi and Kamidake can hold her below
	on their own.

{The legendary savior of Princess Achi all those aeons ago shakes his head with a small smile.}

Angelbane:  They are not alone.

{Both blink before they hear the same voice as Angelbane did before speaking to them.  Cassandra
glances up as it speaks to her as well with kind and soft words.}

Voice:  Lady Nagi and Sir Kamidake will be safe...  I ask that you care for the wounded there...
	Please...

{The astonished look fades from Yosho's face as he nods, realizing the truth while Azaka turns
to Angelbane in awe but with enough strength of mind to question him.}

Azaka:  She...  she has returned...?

{The man nods as the scene fades to Dark Ayeka walking slowly through the corridors of MiB HQ.
Periodically, she would pass an MiB agent or two, but with only a glimpse of Dark Ayeka, the
Terrans duck into other chambers and hallways to avoid her presence.  This does not change the
grave expression on her face, nor the trail of blood that follows her.  The color of her skin has
slowly turned to a deathly pale white since her first incursion into the complex, but she has not
seemed to notice even this in the least.  Soon, the grey walls turn white as she enters the MiB's
version of a hospital, passing by the doors with the names "Masaki, Tenchi" and "Jurai, Sasami"
printed nearby as well as "Makibi, Kiyone".  The princess then stops with a grin appearing on her
face when a young woman's silhouette steps out of a bed chamber.}

Dark Ayeka:  There you are, bastard of Jurai.

{From the shadow's hand, a violet energy blade extends from the hairband Key wrapped around her
palm, lighting her features and exposing her true identity as Nagi.  However, her hair is soft
and fluid like the waves of the ocean while the black mark exists on both sides of her face.
Though not in the kimono in which she fought Jezibel, this Nagi has been changed by the Jurai
Power. The crimson eyes gaze back at Dark Ayeka as she answers softly.}

Nagi:  Yes, I am the Bastard of Light and Dark.

{From Nagi's side, a male figure steps out highlighted by the light of her blade before the
headpiece of his staff shines a brilliant ruby, creating a colorful contrast against his armor as
a Juraian knight.  Kamidake gazes back at the princess quietly before he announces himself as
well.}

Kamidake:  And, I am one of the royal knights, sworn to protect her.

{Nagi glances at Kamidake wryly with a sigh before focusing on Dark Ayeka again.  The injured
Juraian shakes her head and only grins at the two of them.}

Dark Ayeka:  Do you truly believe that your number matters?  Even if Ayeka is killed, it does not
	matter as long as my mission is completed with your death, Nagi.

{Both of the warriors of Jurai shake their heads before Nagi answers Dark Ayeka by stepping into
the artificial light of a hallway desk, allowing her cape and bounty hunter equipment be seen.
Nagi is serious in her words as she speaks to the corrupted being.}

Nagi:  What about Sasami?  Ayeka, I know you can hear me behind this creature.  Tell me.  What
	will happen to Sasami if you die?

{As the bounty hunter speaks, tears appear and begin to roll down Dark Ayeka's face while that
same visage does not change from its cold expression.}

Nagi:  Who will care for her with both of your parents dead and buried on Jurai?  I am willing,
	but I am not a woman able to care for her.  However, you are.

{With this, the red knight steps forward at the side of the mixed-blood woman when he joins her
words.}

Kamidake:  I am also willing to care for Princess Sasami, but I am a knight and cannot devote the
	necessary time to her.  She is your blood, princess, and she needs you.

{Nagi's eyes narrow into a glare deep into the grey eyes of the possessed princess.}

Nagi:  I swear to you.  If you die, not only will you pass from this world, but part of your
	sister will too.  You are the dearest person in her life, and she would be devastated to
	lose you.  For that reason, I will not fight you.

{The violet blade vanishes as the hairband Key unwraps from her hand.  Dark Ayeka's wet eyes
blink in confusion as the glow from Kamidake's staff also fades away before he lowers the device
from an offensive posture.}

Kamidake:  Nor will I.  Such a battle is not worth the cost it would entail.

{The regal-haired woman scoffs with a sadistic grin while the tears flowing from her eyes have
not stopped.  While the male part of her voice has not changed, the original Ayeka remaining
within Dark Ayeka's vocal starts to tense in emotions, mixed and intense.}

Dark Ayeka:  Then, you make your death far too easy, prophesied assassin!

{The possessed woman raises her hand towards Nagi's face, which shows no fear of this.  The
bladed crest of the dark tiara glows a brilliant crimson before it suddenly falls silent.  Dark
Ayeka pulls her hand back and glances at her palms in confusion while Nagi and Kamidake can only
grin at her situation.}

Dark Ayeka:  What?!  Where is the Jurai Power?!  Why has it left me?!

{Another female voice calls to the twisted being from behind, answering the rhetorical
questions.}

Woman:  Because Ayeka does not wish you to use it any longer.

{The dark Juraian spins around with a rageful gaze when she is struck back to amazement when the
adult Sasami steps slowly and regally towards her.  The white robes of the Jurai royal family
compliment Sasami's natural beauty and kindness, even towards the corrupted form of her sister.
Her voice continues seriously to the evil being within Ayeka's body.}

Sasami:  Nor do I.

{The bloodstained lips open slightly in awe of the beauty and splendor within Sasami which exudes
a light of its own.  On the blackened Juraian's breath, a name comes forth for the personage
before her.}

Dark Ayeka:  Tsunami...!!

{Sasami nods, accepting her true name as she lifts her hand to the thorned crown of her sister.
Lightly, she takes the corrupted Key and removes it gently from Dark Ayeka's forehead and sets it
on the nearby desk.  Nagi and Kamidake only watch in silence as Tsunami turns to the crown
princess.  With the tiara gone, an emerald symbol appears on Dark Ayeka's forehead, two chevrons
pointing downward.  The white Juraian only nods as she sets the two emerald ovals of her head
against this marking.  Dark Ayeka pulls her head backward, tightly closing her eyes in what could
be pain, though no other part of her body tightens at this.  Tsunami closes her eyes as all
shifts to a different scene, one in the fields of Jurai outside the palace itself.  Tsunami walks
through this field, allowing the flowering plants to brush gently past her while the majesty of
the world surrounds her.  Her eyes are closed, and her expression is passive while her voice
echos in the distance without her lips moving.}

Tsunami:  I have known your torment, my sister...  For that time, I was unable to help you...

{The regal step of the white lady now crunches against burnt floral matter as she enters an area
scorched by a grand fire.  Her voice continues as she walks, but after she passes, the destroyed
life seems reverse in time, revitalizing and extending their petals to the heavens once more.}

Tsunami:  Ever since Illirg touched your heart that day, you have had this second presence
	growing inside you... altering who you are... taking from you for itself...

{Tsunami's eyes now open to behold what is at the center of this burnt disc she has entered, a
bladed cross similar to the crest of the dark tiara.  Tied to it is Ayeka, the true Ayeka wearing
her rosy combat uniform though still wounded severely from her lone battle.  Her regal hair flows
with the gentle breeze, free of the tiara Key that had bound it both in light and darkness.  Her
eyes are closed while her head hangs over her chest, unable to see her sister's approach nor the
black bindings around her wrists and ankles.  Seeing Ayeka tied like this, Tsunami's eyes fill
with tears while the expression of sadness is found both in her face and her voice as she now
speaks with her lips.}

Tsunami:  Stoicly, you concealed this from us all... even me...  For that, you are to be
	commended as the Juraian with the strongest will... but you no longer need to carry this
	burden...  Its time has passed, and its mark has been left with you forever...

{With this, the male voice that has been mixed with Ayeka's speaks alone to Tsunami, rebuking her
words.}

Male:  What if she wants this?  What if she wants this burden unto her death?

{At these words, the regal woman in white stops as a black fluid bursts from the ground between
her and Ayeka.  Gradually, this oil gathers together, seeming to burn like an obsidian fire
before it begins to shape itself.  The blaze starts from its base, simulating itself into the
outline of a humanoid male.  Once this form has been established, the shadow covering its hands
and face pull away to reveal a white substance, solid and firm like porcelain.  The white gloves
have a claw-like curvature near the tips while the mask moves with his thoughts, showing emotion
but not making oral movements to form the words he speaks.  However, some of the black fire
around this facemask still flare, particularly over the left eye of the mask, like strands of
flaming hair.  He pulls his feet free from their planted state within the ground and takes two
steps towards her.  Tsunami's eyes narrow at the young man of shadow before her before she says
his name.}

Tsunami:  Kain...

{He then quickly adds with a slight grin.}

Kain II:  The second.  I am Mother's second son... Aunt Tsunami.

{She nods.}

Tsunami:  I assumed.  You were born from Ayeka's emotional turmoil, like your elder brother.

{He nods and replies.}

Kain II:  That is true.  However, Lord duSoleil's son could not compete with the princess in
	respect to all the thoughts and doubts streaming through her mind.

{His grin grows.}

Kain II:  It was delicious.

{Tsunami closes her eyes, restraining her reaction to his description.}

Tsunami:  I further assume that Sister had Ms Ro implant you into Illirg for the specific purpose
	of merging with Ayeka.

Kain II:  You know Mother very well.  Of course, you should as her sister for the past aeons.

{Kain II now blinks and gaze back at his aunt seriously with his request.}

Kain II:  However, I require you to stop restricting Ayeka's Jurai Power so I can complete my
	mission in killing the bastard child.  Otherwise, I will have to engage you myself, here in
	her mind.

{The white woman opens her eyes slightly towards her nephew, a pleased smile gracing her lips.}

Tsunami:  I am not restricting her power.  She is.

{She motions toward Ayeka hanging from the cross when a scowl grows across Kain II's face as he
shakes his head, denying that concept.}

Kain II:  Ayeka of Jurai is broken, desiring death for what I have done through her as well as
	the futility of loving Masaki Tenchi.  She has no control of herself or her Jurai Power any
	longer.  Mother and I personally severed those ties.

{The regal woman shakes her head while her eyes glance back to the woman on the cross, noting two
crimson eyes gazing back weakly.}

Tsunami:  What God has done, no one can tear assunder.  Neither you nor Sister can separate Ayeka
	from who and what she is.

{The black being bares his teeth and opens his clawed hands in a threatening fashion as Tsunami
stands passively watching both Kain II and Ayeka behind him.}

Kain II:  I grow tired of this, Aunt Tsunami...  Release the block on her power, or I will attack
	you...

{From behind Kain II, Ayeka's soft voice calls his attention.}

Ayeka:  Stay your hand...

{His eyes open wide with shock as he turns to see Ayeka raising her head with little strength and
difficult breathing.  She explains to him the truth.}

Ayeka:  I couldn't let you harm those... willing to keep Sasami safe...

{His sneer tells of his distaste of the princess's words and even her presence as he replies to
her.}

Kain II:  You stopped me because you were worried about the husk Tsunami inhabits?!  You are a
	romantic fool!

{He turns from her and walks towards Tsunami, raising a clawed hand to strike her.  Ayeka's eyes
widen as she starts to pull at the black bindings at her wrists and ankles.}

Kain II:  If that is the case, I will eliminate this damned face for you!!

{Ayeka screams out to Kain II, pleading to him.}

Ayeka:  No!!  Stop!!

{Unseen to Ayeka or Kain II, three white blades appear and expand at the bindings on the
princess, cutting them halfway through before vanishing.  Tsunami's eyes close as her head bows
to accept her fate when Ayeka's hands grip into tight fists, her nails digging into her flesh
with a tragic scream.}

Ayeka:  Stop it now!!

{Around Ayeka, a column of white light shoots down and expands about her, not unlike Tenchi's
confrontation with Ryoshu-Tokimi.  However, this cylinder only extends to the edges of her cross,
burning away the bindings at her hands and feet.  Kain II lowers his claws and spins around to
fall into an awe seeing at the glory surrounding the princess.  She floats in the white power as
her arms falls to her sides, her eyes burning in rage at the black being.  The bowl-style of her
hair separates and spikes behind her head while the two tails before her ears are blown behind
her to merge with the hair there.  The bindings on her twin tails burn away, allowing all her
hair to fly freely behind her.  A flash of blue envelops the white power, blinding Kain II for a
moment before his eyes can readjust to the intensity.  He then takes a step back at what he sees,
the regal hair of Ayeka now flowing as the seas, azure like Tsunami's.  Tsunami steps to
Kain II's side and watches the beauty before her, speaking to her puerile nephew gravely.}

Tsunami:  Ayeka is of Princess Achi's lineage the same as Sasami is, as Achika Masaki was.  You
	have overestimated yourself.  I am sorry, Kain.

{Kain II looks closer at Ayeka's face to see the double-chevron symbol glowing a brilliant
emerald.  She raises her hands before her as the blue power around her begins to funnel into an
orb between her hands.  The black humanoid glares at the woman as he leaps into the air and
summons an amount of his black fire to create a broadsword identical to Nerti's and Leon's.  As
he flies at Ayeka, his voice yells out to her.}

Kain II:  You are mine!!  You belong to me, Juraian!!

{Ayeka unleashes the power she has gathered through Kain II's body, ripping the majority of his
torso into purple ooze.  He falls and crashes to the ground in a heap while the princess takes a
couple deep breaths before her eyes close.  The great power surrounding her vanishes as she then
falls from the air while the bladed cross disappears as well.  Tsunami runs to Ayeka and catches
her in her arms, holding her close before lowering her to the ground below.  The gentle hand
clothed in pure white smooths her sister's new azure hair away from her eyes when Kain II's voice
weakly speaks to Tsunami.}

Kain II:  You will let me die then...  your own blood...?

{The woman in white closes her eyes and answers him quietly.}

Tsunami:  No...  I would not let you die... though you would not die here...  You would
	reassimilate yourself into her consciousness...

{Her eyes then open coldly to see the crumpled mess of Kain II.}

Tsunami:  I will not allow you to harm Ayeka or anyone else here...  I send you home...

{With those words, the black creature is surrounded by white light that dissolves, leaving the
ground clean of his existence.  She sighs softly and shakes her head before she hears a painful
sigh from within her arms.  Tsunami turns back to Ayeka to see the blue-haired woman open her
eyes weakly.  The stronger of the two smiles at the woman in her arms when Ayeka's eyes finally
are able to focus on the face before her.  She narrows her gaze in confusion while bringing her
hand up towards Tsunami's face.}

Ayeka:  Sasami...?  You...  you've changed...  You're... older...

{The unhurt woman nods and takes the dangling hand in her own with a firm grip while tears start
to roll down her face as the contained emotions begin to surface.}

Tsunami:  I have...  and so have you, my sister...  I am proud of you...  The nightmare is
	over...

{Ayeka's tearstreaked face is dry of fresh tears from those she has already shed as she now
questions her sister on one more topic.}

Ayeka:  And, Ryoko...?  Is she...?

{Tsunami shakes her head and answers.}

Tsunami:  No, she is alive and safe...  Do not worry...  You are the one who needs to heal now...

{The crown princess shivers and cringes as her hair fades from the powerful blue to the regal
violet once more.  Tsunami smiles at her sister as she stands and begins to carry Ayeka away from
the burnt region towards the Jurai Palace in this mindscape.  In reality, the battlesuit on
Ayeka's body fades away to reveal the pink kimono shredded from the conflict.  The symbol on her
forehead fades away as she collapses into her sister's arms, no power left to stand.  Kamidake
dashes to their side while Nagi simply watches silently, the second black mark fading away from
her face as her hair sharpens back to Ryoan stature.  The knight whispers a question to the regal
in white.}

Kamidake:  May I take her...?

{Tsunami shakes her head and replies softly.}

Tsunami:  No, she is my sister...  I will carry her...

{She starts to walk into a medical room when Nagi calls to her respectfully.}

Nagi:  Lady Tsunami...

{She looks back to the young woman to see the grave expression on her face.}

Nagi:  What happened here?  Who are you, the little princess I held in my arms or someone else?

{Tsunami sighs and then answers.}

Tsunami:  I will explain it all.  Please gather everyone.

{The bounty hunter nods when Kamidake asks one more question, glancing at the dark Key on the
counter.}

Kamidake:  And this?

{The regal woman glares at the object in her answer.}

Tsunami:  Do not touch it.  I will tend to it.

{After those words, Tsunami takes Ayeka into the room, leaving Nagi and Kamidake to ponder the
thorn-encrusted Key with the bladed crest, Ayeka's prison.}

End Scene 1

Scene 2

{The color difference between the white bandages and Princess Ayeka's pale skin is a meager one.
Although her wounds have been cleaned and dressed, the blood loss from her injuries and being
forced to proceed into MiB HQ in such a condition has taken its toll.  The regal violet hair lays
around her face as a halo of royalty, clean and combed straight while her bangs fall across the
bare skin of her forehead.  Her breathing is slow but steady as she lies on a bed with various
medical monitors wired at her bedside.  Also at her bedside, the now mysterious woman Tsunami
sits with her hands clasped, pressed against her forehead.  Trails cross her cheeks where her
tears have fallen for her sister, the fluid making its mark on her dress kimono as well.  The
azure tresses fall around her face, hiding the sorrow she feels now for not only Ayeka, but all
who have fallen against their opponent.  Her regal ear catches the click of the door's lock,
drawing her head up to assert her attention to the one entering the room.  The door opens slowly,
revealing the blue and grey of a Galaxy Police (GP) uniform along with a flash of curly blonde
hair, Mihoshi Kuramitsu's trademark ponytail tied with her red ribbon.  Tsunami smiles to the
blonde as she quietly walks into the room, followed by another figure.  Wearing an identical GP
uniform, the teal-tressed first-class detective enters with a solemn and kind expression, Kiyone
Makibi.  Her jacket is left open, revealing her black undershirt while her left arm is outside
the coat in a cloth sling.  White bandages similar to those on Ayeka bind Kiyone's upper arm,
protecting the wound Ryoshu-Tokimi's blade inflicted from infection.  Mihoshi kneels next to
Tsunami while Kiyone glances over to Ayeka's motionless form while the tones from the pulse
monitor break the silence of the room.  The teal woman turns to Tsunami with a sigh as she
reflectfully speaks to the royal.}

Kiyone:  I'm sorry about Ayeka...  Is there any...?

{Tsunami shakes her head and replies to one who had watched over her many times in the past.}

Tsunami:  There is nothing for which to be sorry...  Little could be done to have prevented
	this...  any of it...

{Kiyone looks back to the violet princess once more, gravely.}

Kiyone:  How is she...?

Tsunami:  Like you, she lost a good deal of her blood...

{Her countenance grows grim as she continues, glancing towards the floor.}

Tsunami:  However, the worst injuries were those within her being...  She will never be the whole
	woman she was...

{Mihoshi takes Tsunami's hands and shows her support with her hopeful voice.}

Mihoshi:  But, she's still Ayeka...  She's a strong person...  She'll pull through okay....

{The blue-haired princess looks up to Mihoshi's soft smile and nods with a small grin of her
own.}

Tsunami:  You are right...  I am sorry for my doubt...

{Kiyone pats Tsunami's shoulder with her right hand, a motherly smile gracing her face.}

Kiyone:  It's alright...  We're all worried about her...  I'm sure Tenchi and Ryoko would be here
	with you if they could...

{The Juraian royal nods.}

Tsunami:  They are...

{She looks back to Kiyone with a question.}

Tsunami:  How are they...?

Kiyone:  Tenchi's burn is almost healed, but he's still too weak to wake up from his coma.  Ryoko
	is...

{The officer closes her eyes and stops when Mihoshi continues gently for her partner.}

Mihoshi:  Washu said the Jurai Power from Ayeka has saturated Ryoko's entire body...  but it has
	also fractured her spine...  She... may be paralyzed when she wakes up...  if she does...

{Kiyone then opens her eyes and proceeds with the end of Ryoko's situation.}

Kiyone:  Washu is still surprised Ryoko isn't dead.  She attributes it to Ryoko's proximity to
	Tenchi during his transformation.  She might have been affected in some way.

{Tsunami is silent as she gazes at the opposite wall in silence from the detective's words.  She
closes her eyes and stands with a few soft words to the partners in a serious tone, much like
Ayeka.}

Tsunami:  I have let you wait far too long... all of you...

{Mihoshi stands on one side of the Juraian while Kiyone flanks the other when Tsunami's eyes open
with a quiet determination in her gaze.}

Tsunami:  I will tell you...  everything...

{The officers nod when the room's door opens without their assistance, causing Mihoshi and Kiyone
to both blink in surprise at the event.  The blue-haired woman takes one last sight of her sister
before wiping her eyes and exiting the room with the GP representatives close behind.  In the
same corridor where Dark Ayeka was stopped by Nagi and Kamidake, Tsunami glances toward the
counter, supporting the thorn tiara that channelled her sister's corrupted Jurai Power.  She
stops, blocking GP officers' path as the back of her mind hears unspoken words.  Seemingly no
louder than a whisper within her consciousness, the second princess of Jurai listens to soft
voices calling to her as she gazes at the dark Key laying on the counter.  A glare is seen in her
gaze as she quickly takes the grey, organic device gently to prevent it from spiking her hand.
However, arcs of black lightning shoot from the Key into her hand.  She does not wince at this
while she puts it behind her cloak.  Kiyone watches this silently, remembering all that happened
with Ayeka before.  Mihoshi is taken aback by the Key, and Tsunami's ability to withstand its
energy.  Tsunami only closes her eyes and continues through the corridor, drawing the detectives
behind her.}

{Away from these three in the filled hall of the INS department of the complex, the chamber is
empty of agents, save a select four standing on the walkway to Zed's office overlooking the
entirity of the chamber.  Here, J and L stand together whispering softly to each other while
leaning on the railing flanked by Zed and young K.  The latter two of this group wait
impatiently, watching the medward's doorway.  Directly below them, Washu leans against the column
holding Zed's office in place, letting it support her weight.  Next to the professor, Pii holds
Nerti close in his arms, supporting her silently as her head is bowed with eyes closed in
thought.  A short distance away, Nagi waits in a chair with folded arms and closed eyes while
Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki sit, one on each shoulder watching the procedings quietly and attentively.
Partially hidden by her spiked hair, the hairband Key rests, its crest silent for now.  Behind
her, Yosho stands also with arms folded with a calm expression while Azaka and Kamidake each have
a place on either side of two higher royals.  Both knights hold their staves at a passive
position but look preoccupied, contemplating deeply old memories and thoughts.  To the side of
the Jurai royalty, Nobuyuki glances around at the faces present, noting the solemnity filling the
souls of each person for those fallen, and the task to yet undertake.  His eyes fall upon a dark
corner of the chamber, where two figures reside isolated from the rest.  He nods and focuses back
into the main chamber after recognizing them as Angelbane and his wife Cassandra, watching the
event without interfering.}

{All raise their eyes to the corridor towards the rooms of healing as Tsunami and her GP escort
enter the vast chamber.  The second princess stops and bows to both Kiyone and Mihoshi before
those two continue forward to join Washu, Pii, and Nerti around the pillar of Zed's office, the
officers standing side by side next to the SA representatives.  Tsunami then turns and walks
silently to a position directly beneath the massive display within the room.  When she turns and
faces the those here to listen to her words, Yosho and the two knights willingly drop to one knee
and bow their heads towards her.  Nagi watches this quietly, analyzing the princess's movements
and finding them so similar to Ayeka's and yet with Sasami's former kindness and charm.  In the
bounty hunter's mind, she can be seen wrestling with the image of the young girl she held on
Jurai and the woman standing before them all.  Tsunami raises her hand to Yosho and the knights
with a few words, soft and firm.}

Tsunami:  Please rise.  Do not kneel before me.  I am not worthy of such honor.

{Kamidake's voice replies to the azure-haired woman respectfully, almost reverently.}

Kamidake:  But, you are, my lady.  You are she who enabled us to save young Princess Achi.  You
	are she who created the Keys.

{Azaka joins him in a similar tone of awe and alliegence.}

Azaka:  Lady Tsunami, the source of Jurai, we both remember your presence.  Please allow us to
	bow before you at least in remembrance of what you have given to us all.

{After hearing their reasons, Tsunami's eyes fall upon Yosho, who lifts his gaze to her softly.
Through his deep violet eyes, she can see that even the true leader of Jurai concurs with the
knights on this fact.  She nods and accepts their decision.}

Tsunami:  Very well... since I cannot prevent you from this gesture...

{The prince and his companions bow their heads once more before rising to their feet again.  Zed
eyes Tsunami with confusion when he now questions her.}

Zed:  "The source of Jurai"... "she who created the Keys"...?  From what I've read on the Keys,
	you'd have to be several aeons old, "Tsunami", but the girl Sasami Jurai was born on the
	twentieth of December 1987.

{She nods and agrees.}

Tsunami:  You are correct.  Sasami was born then... and yet, she was not...

{Her gaze grows solemn and regretful as she begins to remember the truth of her existance while
confused whispers begin to float around the room between the attendants.  Zed folds his arms and
asks the princess directly.}

Zed:  Who are you, "Tsunami"?  More importantly, what are you?

{She closes her eyes and bows her head slightly as she replies with some shame in her voice.}

Tsunami:  I am Tsunami, goddess of the Jurai Power, sister to Tokimi...

{Eyes widen while gasps escape the lips of many hearers.  The two knights blink in surprise with
slightly open mouths as Nobuyuki shakes his head in disbelief.  Yosho is silent, listening to the
newly-discovered goddess's words while Washu and the GP officers as well as the MiB agents are
struck hard by this fact.  Pii and Nerti are also taken aback by this revelation when Nagi shoots
up from her seat, almost tossing the cabbits from her shoulders.  She shakes her head in denial
of Tsunami's words, the memories of the young princess still fresh within her mind.}

Nagi:  I can't accept that!  You are nothing like the creature possessing my mother!

{The princess's eyes open to gaze upon Nagi's defiant form when her words come slowly and
bluntly.}

Tsunami:  Just as you are nothing like Ryoko...  or Sasami was nothing like Ayeka...

{The bounty hunter is slapped in the face with these words as she continues, to all including
Nagi.}

Tsunami:  Tokimi is my elder sister, the first born, just as Ryoko is your elder sister, Nagi.
	There was once a time when she was not the way she is now, aeons ago when Ryua and Jurai
	were still in their infancy.

{The child of both worlds falls silent as her gaze drops from Tsunami when L steps forward and
asks her question.}

L:  You and Tokimi are the same kind of being...?  You called yourself a goddess, but you reside
	in a Juraian form, and her in a Ryoan.  What exactly...?

{The origin of Jurai shakes her head and replies to L's incomplete question while Nagi retakes
her seat.}

Tsunami:  We are not truly divine.  She and I rank above the races of the universe, but we are
	nothing to the angelic and the true Divine.  As with the rest of the universe, we are only
	part of Creation.  While I embody and control the Jurai energies, my sister does likewise
	with the crimson power called NVO.

{The female agent nods when Nerti hesitantly asks her own question of the goddess.}

Nerti:  Does that mean that the energy inside me...?

{The Juraian princess nods slowly and regretfully towards the blonde young woman.}

Tsunami:  Through the power in your body, she can manipulate you on a very basic level...  and I
	am very sorry that you were brought into this, Ms Ro.  If there was a way to reverse this
	without changing fate, I would gladly do it.

{The girl nods her head as Pii's arms hold her closer to support her while he answers for what
she feels.}

Pii:  We understand, Lady Tsunami...  Thank you for that...

{Washu steps forward with her query about all that has transpired.}

Washu:  What about the powers that the Ryoan race has?  After all, Ryoko's powers were drained by
	Tokimi inside that plantoid mass three days ago.  Even before that, Hotsuma seemed to
	summon the NVO energy on Ryua by taking on a different form, as did Seia on Jurai six
	months ago.  Obviously, Ryoans like myself and Ryoko are not Nerti, but I have noticed that
	Ryoan power and the NVO energy have presented similar properties:  opposition to the Jurai
	Power, red and black coloration, telepathy,...  On a base level, they are the same.

{The kind goddess's gaze drops for a moment in thought before she looks back up to Washu, as well
as everyone there, with a quiet expression of regret.  She nods.}

Tsunami:  You are right.  However, to understand that is to know the history of the Juraian and
	Ryoan races from their infancy... and the youth of both Tokimi and myself...

{J calls to Tsunami respectfully.}

J:  If it'll help, I'll listen, Lady Tsunami.

{Yosho agrees.}

Yosho:  I know much of the history of Jurai, but you know more secrets than any historian.  If
	you are willing to share those truths, we are willing to hear you.

{Washu also concurs.}

Washu:  Much of Ryua's history has been lost in war and piracy.  To hear it from a real witness
	and recorded again is something my world needs.

{She glances around the room at the Juraians, the GP, the MiB, Nobuyuki, Washu, Pii, and Nerti,
seeing a universal desire to know the truth before her eyes stop on Angelbane and Cassandra
watching solemnly quiet.  He blinks for a moment with a sigh before he shakes his head while his
wife holds her hands over her heart.  His hands raise and wraps around hers gently, supportively
as Tsunami agrees with his choice.}

Tsunami:  Very well, I will tell the history.

{Tsunami takes a breath to collect herself before she begins the explanation of the past.}

Tsunami:  Many millennia before the origin of any ancient civilization, my sister Tokimi was
	created.  Our Creator imparted her the knowledge of the dark power and its properties with
	the purpose in mind to not only control the energy but teach its use to her followers, and
	myself as well.

{Mihoshi's soft voice asks a curious question at this description.}

Mihoshi:  She was to be your teacher?  But, you got the Jurai Power, not the NVO energy.

{The goddess nods and continues.}

Tsunami:  You are correct, but the two are amazingly similar.  Though they are opposites, the two
	powers operate in a similar fashion, and it was her responsibility to educate me.  I was
	created shortly after her training was complete, and she did indeed teach me as she was
	instructed.  Soon, we were equally proficient in our respective abilities, and the Light
	and Darkness were bestowed upon us by our Creator with a particular objective.

{Kiyone now asks for clarification on a topic.}

Kiyone: So, you learned to use the energies before you ever had them?

Tsunami:  Yes, much like an officer would learn the law before they enforce it.  We both knew
	what to expect from what we now possess.

{Washu questions the princess to continue the tale.}

Washu:  But, what was the objective the two of you had?

{Tsunami closes her eyes and bows her head in reverence.}

Tsunami:  With the powers she and I were given, we were to bring order to this galaxy through the
	two primary pirate guilds that had taken hold of the various systems of these stars.

{With those words, Azaka steps forward to interject his knowledge of this topic.}

Azaka:  One of those was from the Jurai system.   Was it not?

{She nods and acknowledges him.}

Tsunami:  Very much so.

{She then turns to Washu and kindly speaks with emphasis to her.}

Tsunami:  The other was from the Ryua system.  Though similar in scope and influence, they had a
	few striking differences.  The Juraian guild was led by a strong family who had adapted
	trees and plants into starships and various other forms of organic technology.  The Ryoan
	guild was more chaotic, ruled by a group of warring factions who had domesticated a wild
	creature with crystalline properties.

{Yosho nods as he scratches first Ryo-Ohki and then Ken-Ohki's small heads.  Each purrs quietly
in reply for the attention as he expands on Tsunami's words.}

Yosho:  Those would be the ancestors of these two, the cabbit race native to Ryua itself.

Tsunami:  Yes, they were, and it was through the trees and the cabbits that Sister and I would
	behold ourselves to each guild.

{Within Tsunami's memory and the imaginations of her listeners, all see the plains of Jurai
surrounding one grand tree standing kilometers tall.  Around this tree, ancient Juraians, dressed
much more plain and humble than the present Royal Family, stand in awe as the great tree's leaves
project radiant beams of light into the ground below them, creating a cone of energy about them.}

Tsunami:  Through the oldest tree of the Jurai world, I manifested myself before the dominant
	family of the Juraian guild.  Seeing their honor and wisdom from their fraternal loyalty, I
	bestowed the Jurai Power upon them and bonded them to the trees that were the core of their
	beliefs and technology.

{Ten shields of light appear encircling the cone of Jurai Power as the image of a woman of pure
light appears at the peak of the cone.  Her arms are outstretched at a low angle, welcoming those
she has brought into her power as if part of her family.  Washu's voice enters and affirms her
interpretation.}

Washu:  That was the origin of the Jurai Royal Family and the treeships they are linked with.
	Wasn't it?  "The power of light borne of the tree".

Tsunami:  Yes, that is how many poets of the following eras termed that moment in Jurai's
	history.

L:  But, what about the Ryoan guild?  They don't have the NVO energy of Tokimi or Kain so what
	did Tokimi do that you didn't?

{The scene shifts to the industrial streets of Ryua, dark and lonely in the shadowy night
illuminated only by the diffuse light from a moon partially hidden behind massive cumulus clouds.
Among the grand, crystalline buildings of ancient Ryua, one palatial structure crowns the
headpiece of the world.  This ornate pyramid of purity towers above the surrounding complexes
while within, one central gallery contains statues of previous Ryoan leaders and historical
figures encircling a great, circular table.  Around this table, the heads of each faction of the
guild meet and discuss matters of state while a small, symbolic flame burns at the center of the
table.  On the shoulder of each representative, a cabbit sits quietly, awaiting a command from
its master to act on his behalf.  Without warning, the ceremonial flame explodes into a blaze as
tall as a man, drawing the attention of all present.  Some members stand and draw metal swords
while others are petrified in awe of the event.  From the fire, a woman of light steps forward,
speaking softly to placate the pirates of the world.}

Tsunami:  Sister believed in our Creator's plan, but she did not trust the mortal will to use the
	great power we possessed wisely.  To that end, she channelled her energies through the
	crystal forms of all the Ohki within the guild's leadership to diminish the power from the
	darkness she truly controlled to the energies that the Ryoans now possess.

{Following the woman's words, the Ryoan leaders lower their guard as their cabbits close their
eyes and levitate from the shoulders of their masters.  Each transforms into a rhomboid crystal
when beams of light similar to those from Jurai are sent from the woman of light into the
crystals.  The energy reflects about the interior of the prisms before it is spread outward,
enveloping the room in a bright white light.  Outside, the light continues to extend from the
palatial building in an ever-widening disk, covering the entire world.  >From space, fifteen
shields of light appear around Ryua, sealing the Ryoan race to the woman who had given them her
power.  Hearing this, Nobuyuki's voice now asks a question that bothers him.}

Nobuyuki:  It sounds like Tokimi was really wise then, but what happened to change her into who
	she is now?

{The situation changes to a small planetary system surrounding a blue star with notable Juraian
defense satellites guarding each habitable world.  Shipping lanes through the planetary system
flow unhindered via mechanical and Jurai vessels as they would ordinarily while Tsunami continues
in a quiet and solemn tone.}

Tsunami:  Even I do not know that.  For several aeons, she and I communicated on a regular basis
	as the two pirate guilds grew into two great empires.  Then, she suddenly turned inward,
	speaking to no one save her strongest supporters on Ryua.  Slowly, she and I seemed to grow
	apart, no matter the effort I set in attempts to stay in contact.  She was melancholy,
	depressed...  My sister was never this way.  Her joy was in Ryoan Empire she was nurturing,
	as the Jurai Empire was to me, but at that time, her people did not bring her happiness
	anymore.

{Crimson rays of light shoot through the shipping lanes from an outside source, ripping through
the hulls of the vessels and even the shield systems of the Jurai ships.  Few ships are disabled
but are rocked by the explosions of the greater number which were destroyed from their sustained
damage.  Gradually, the attackers reveal themselves from all sides surrounding the convoy, Ohki
ships with their primary weapon arrays aimed directly at their prey.  Other Ohki fighters streak
past the ambush headed for the Jurai-protected worlds and begin to savagely attack the defense
grids before continuing to the planets.}

Tsunami:  It was during this dark time that the Ryoan Empire and Jurai Empire claimed the same
	outlying systems, spurring tension, but soon enough, a total war known as the Ryo-Jurai
	War.  Casualities on both sides were great and tragic.  I tried many times to locate Tokimi
	and stop this war, but she was nowhere to be found.  I watched as the civilizations we had
	created and raised from their infancy tore one another apart because of their differences.

{Kiyone asks an important question with an odd surprise in her voice.}

Kiyone:  Couldn't you intervene and end it?

Tsunami:  If I had the choice, I would have ended it with the first shot, but that would put me
	into conflict with my sister.  When we were younger, she and I made a pact to never fight
	each other.  To do so would leave irreversible effects on not only Jurai and Ryua, but the
	universe itself.  I could not allow that to happen.

{Azaka speaks words of support for the young princess.}

Azaka:  As a survivor of that war, Lady Tsunami, I saw that horror, but I would rather have those
	memories of death and devastation than to lose the entire universe.

{Kamidake agrees with his partner.}

Kamidake:  I too had many friends and family lost in that war, but at least their ideal lives on,
	as well as the universe.

{Washu then questions Tsunami again on another point.}

Washu:  I can understand that, but you said that Tokimi is your sister, and apparently your only
	sister.

{Tsunami hums her affirmative response before the professor continues.}

Washu:  Then, why do the holy writings on Ryua say that Tokimi is the eldest of three?

{The azure princess sighs and seems to decide a serious matter within herself.}

Tsunami:  It does because the Holy Chronicle of Jurai states the same issue, in the Angel of Fire
	prophecy.

{The Ryo-Jurai War is left behind to resume action in the throne room of the Jurai King.  The
carved walls of the chamber still have scaffolding where the great carvers of Jurai antiquity
have yet to complete the entire floral mural encircling the throne itself.  The trees that
support the ceiling and beautify the room are green and fresh, releasing a pleasing scent to the
air.}

Tsunami:  Before the war, Jurai was ruled by the Holy Council, which is made up of members from
	the Jurai Royal Family.  However, during the Ryo-Jurai War, this committee system was too
	tedious.  Thus, after the war, the first Jurai King was set upon the throne to rule the
	Empire while the Council was kept as a legislative branch along with the king.  He was a
	strong man and well-tempered, a born ruler.  Not unlike you, Mr Masaki, his wife died young
	giving birth to their daughter, Achi.

{The huge doors that seal this royal chamber from the rest of the palace open, allowing a young
girl in her mid-teens run into the throne room towards the seat of leadership.  Her traditionally
stitched and embroidered kimono is loose-fitting but very kind to her carefree expression while
her long silvery-blue hair flows in a trail behind her.  Said hair is set in a single long
ponytail starting from the top-back of her head and extending close to her heals even as she
dashes along.  She giggles while her pinkish eyes focus on the man on the throne, her father the
first Jurai King.  The king himself bears a deep violet hair which extends to his shoulders and
almost appears black at the edges from the shadows cast by the interior lighting.  His
clean-shaven face smiles while his regal purple eyes focus on his daughter, coming to meet him.
Though his attire is what would become the tradition for his successors, he is highly decorated
in a military sense from the myriad of pins across his chest and shoulders.  As Lady Achi passes
the base of the steps to the throne, she waves to two men standing there, one with black hair and
a beard, the other with fiery red hair.  Both wear the same gi and hakama armor that they today
as the two legendary knights, Azaka and Kamidake.  Jurai King the First stands from the throne
and opens his arms as his daughter reaches him and wraps her arms around him.  The two hold each
other in this kind embrace for a moment while the knights smile at the closeness of the small
family.}

Tsunami:  The two greatest warriors of the age became his knights, the same two who live today,
	Azaka Juraiko and Kamidake Juraiko.  Under the King's rule, the Empire grew and integrated
	the Ryoan territories into itself peacefully.  However as a part of the peace, the Ryoan
	people were required to take the sinium salt injection to prevent the manifestation of
	their dark powers.  There were those rogues that escaped this stipulation or found ways to
	legally subvert it, those who became the pirates and priests of the modern age.

Kamidake:  Princess Achi was a kind young girl, very loving and open to people.  I saw much of
	her in you, Lady Tsunami, when you were still Princess Sasami.

{Some of the mild embarassment and flattery can be heard in Tsunami's response.}

Tsunami:  Thank you...

Azaka:  And, I can still remember her dancing in the halls without care to rank and privelige.
	Many would not know she was the princess until someone mentioned it, which made her a warm
	and loving successor to her father.

{The goddess concurs before she continues.}

Tsunami:  Yes, but this blissful time was the setting for Liaens's first appearance in this
	universe.

{The happy scene fades to Lady Achi combing her unbound hair before a body-length mirror in her
chambers.  Decorated with flowers and small plants as well as paintings from several artisans,
the room is still and radiant from the light entering from her window.  She hums a soft tune to
herself, focusing on making her hair straight and parallel.  On her nightstand by her canopy bed
which has its sheets smoothed and straightened from the previous night of sleep, a small diary
lies open to the wind to flip its pages.  Next to it, a hand-copied manuscript of the Holy
Chronicle of Jurai rests while a capped pen is on pages in the princess's own handwriting, a
translation and interpretation from the older proper dialect to the common speech.}

Tsunami:  Even at her young age, Lady Achi was a scholar of the holy writings and had dedicated
	herself to the study and translation of the books into the language of the common people
	for their edification.  On a morning following a long rest after finishing her commentary
	on the genesis of the Jurai, she was taken from her chambers.

{A breeze shoots through the room, a cold wind that causes Lady Achi to hold her arms and shiver.
She glances into her mirror to see a shadow in her window, a human figure perched like a bird on
the sill.  She spins around when that shadow flies at her, scaring her enough to scream.  Cut to
the throne room once more, where Jurai King the First sits on the palatial chair with tears of
sorrow and rage rolling down his torn expression.  Standing on the steps before him, Azaka and
Kamidake mirror his emotions in their own individual manners:  Azaka stoic save his sad eyes and
Kamidake's open frustration and desire to act.  In the King's hand, a letter written in Juraiji
explains the details of the terms and ransom for the girl's life, as well as the time limit to
comply.}

Tsunami:  The man named Liaens, then only a young man without the mechanical enhancements he
	possessed during the Reunion, was from the planet Prora in another universe, Dimension
	2718.  He was haughty and pompous from leading the campaign to conquer his own world not
	long before he was hired to take Princess Achi.  His power nearly matched that of the King
	and the knights combined, but with the princess as his captive, they could not move against
	him.  I could not allow his only child to be lost in this way.

{Before the King and the knights, a bar of white light appears and widens into a rectangular
doorway of brightness.  From this, a female figure of light steps forward surrounded by ten
shields of white.  All three men are forced to block the brilliance with their hands to retain
their vision against the woman of light.  She speaks to them softly without visible lip movement,
calming  them and explaining her plan.  Azaka's voice recalls the incident.}

Azaka:  You were the woman of light who gave us the Keys to the Jurai Power, with which we fought
	Liaens.

Tsunami:  Yes, I was.  I created the five Keys from the divine part of my nature.

{The vision of white extends her hands to the men before her palm up while two of the ten shields
around her float to those palms.  She grips the shields as the energy of her body flows into it,
changing their shape into that of two staves.  When the light dims, the staff of crimson and the
staff of azure now exist in her hands.  She beckons the knights, handing the weapons to the two
to use in the coming conflict.  Both knights bow in thanks to the glorious woman before she
summons the King himself.  When he approaches, two more shields float to her palms which she
similarly transforms them as well, but into two small Keys:  Ayeka's tiara and Nagi's hairband.
She gives these to the King who thanks her graciously before he positions the two Keys on his
clothes.  The tiara Key is placed against his left arm and then allowed to wrap around it as a
ring while the hairband is used similarly to make a ring around his right arm.  The two begin to
glow a bright emerald as the King summons his Jurai Power, the black Mark of Rage growing across
his cheeks.  His garments shine and change to a white combat gi much like those used by the
knights.  Behind him, Azaka and Kamidake summon their power, energizing the staves and causing
the Keys to react by spinning their headpieces with an aura glowing around in the respective
color of each.  Now, Washu asks another question of the second princess.}

Washu:  That explains the innate Jurai Power of the five Keys, but why did you give the Tenchiken
	sword the ability to change forms into the Light Hawk Sword?  Why not give that ability to
	all three Keys?

{From the remaining six shields of white floating around the woman of light, three gather
directly before her.  The three approach one another, sparks of energy shooting between them as
they also orient themselves parallel to one another.  The bright figure raises her hands at the
sides of the outer two shields and slowly brings them towards each other around the three objects
of power.  Her hands grip around the forming Key, fusing the three into one that then radically
changes shape into a brilliant outline of the Light Hawk Sword.  Tsunami continues her memory of
this event.}

Tsunami:  Liaens was a powerful man even in that era, and the King realized this.  He wanted to
	ensure that they would rescue his daughter and that Liaens would never threaten his family
	again.  The Light Hawk Sword was not designed for one person to wield alone.  I originally
	intended the King with his knights to use their combined strength to transform the blade if
	necessary to equal Liaens's strength.  In the end, the secondary form never had a chance to
	be used.

{The illuminating blade then collapses upon itself and appears as a katana's hilt in the woman's
hand.  The grip dims to be identified as the Tenchiken Key, which the higher being extends to the
King.  The sword lies across her hands silent as she kneels before the ruler of Jurai, bowing her
head in respect.  He nods and take the Key when it reacts to his power, shining emerald with the
other Keys on his combat uniform.  The blue katana's blade appears from the hilt as a test of its
use before the leader of the planet bows in thanks to the creator of the Keys, Tsunami.  Yosho
speaks to complete the legendary history that the goddess has set forth before them.}

Yosho:  Even before the Keys were formed, Azaka and Kamidake were known from the Ryo-Jurai War as
	the warriors capable of smashing stars, and Jurai King the First was even stronger.  The
	Keys amplified their strength several fold, yet Liaens was a match for them combined.

{Azaka speaks up and joins Yosho in this part of history.}

Azaka:  Most assuredly, had we not had the Keys, Liaens could have killed the Jurai lineage
	before it had even started.  Even with them, the battle did not fair well for us.

{In the winds of time past, those listening can image the Sacred Place of Jurai looming around
the huge tree deep within the ground.  Silence envelops the chamber such that not even a gust of
wind is heard.  The stillness of the stumps of the trees harvested from this holy location
surround the grand plant in the center as a dual omen of death and life to visitors.  At the
great tree, a smaller tree stands between its roots with a seal pattern engraved into the stone
of the floor, spiralling out towards two wooden chambers connected via smaller wooden veins to
the enormous flora.  To the sides of the smaller tree, the lifeless cylindrical bodies of the two
Guardians rest on disk-like devices connected to the seemingly normal tree.  At the chamber
closest to the blue guardian, the King kneels next to the capsule holding Azaka's hand, sheathed
in his white uniform but also his own blood.  Tears can be seen in the leader's eyes as he looks
back at his ally for so many years, battered and bleeding from his wounds.  The white gi and
hakama of the knight is shredded and darkened from the crimson, life-giving fluid of the knight's
veins.  At his side is the blue staff Key lying silent next to its dying master.  This younger
version of Azaka nods his head along with the King before they release hands.  As the ruler
stands, he watches a rotary seal close around Azaka, exposing the blue Juraiji marking his place
of rest, the same name written on the blue guardian.  Now standing, the injuries sustained by the
King can be seen:  the torn and ripped clothes, the cuts and bruises, and his left arm hanging in
a sling made from a torn piece of his gi.  He walks past the tree and guardians to arrive at the
other chamber while his stride now has a distinctive limp.  He takes a knee next to the resting
place of the red knight Kamidake, who looks back at his liege with his difficult breathing and
pain all too obvious.  Blood is caked across the right side of his face, closing his right eye
while his left hand attempts to hold the rest of his life from draining from the section of flesh
torn away around his left kidney.  A ruby flow trails down from the edge of the knight's lips as
he coughs, the internal wounds much more severe than what is shown in his form alone.  Kamidake
raises his hand to Jurai King the First while the King takes his hand and grips firmly and
supportively to the young warrior.  Kamidake's voice remembers this moment well.}

Kamidake:  Both of us were near death.  The only viable option was to be put into statis while
	our bodies heal.  Our personalities would be copied to the two Guardians, which continued
	our work until Lord Yosho revived us in this age.

{The liege of all Jurai releases Kamidake's hand as he turns and limps toward his position before
the stairs leading away from the Sacred Place.  The capsule for the red knight seals the young
man under the red Juraiji of his own name, the same written on the red Guardian next to the
central tree.  The King faces the small tree and closes his eyes while outstretching viable arm.
A subtle white aura surrounds his body as he begins to summon the Jurai Power, given to his
ancestors by Tsunami.  The two small Keys attached at his shoulders glow synchronously with his
power while the Tenchiken levitates from beneath his robes to float before him.  An orb of pure
white light appears at the sword hilt and is sent into the tree, activating the organic
apparatus.  The carvings on the floor ignite into an emerald luminance, highlighting the entire
environment with its color.  Meanwhile, the King's leg is noticably shaking from the exertion of
this act when the bones of his lower leg snap, dropping his weight onto the ground in supreme
pain.  He loses the white aura and grabs his leg, holding back the scream of agony with a
teeth-gritting growl while the Keys fall silent.  The sword falls from the air and lands next to
the wounded King.  The present Kamidake completes the story of Liaens with his memory.}

Kamidake:  However, the King was also badly injured and never recovered enough to release us, nor
	did any of his descendents have the power to do so.  Azaka and I waited until we were
	needed again to be brought back from the Hades of eternal sleep by you, Lord Yosho.  Our
	mechanical namesakes honored our memory, keeping with them all our knowledge and experience
	until the need came again for warriors.

{The King is levitated from the ground in a gentle force shield while he looks up from his pain
to see the two wooden cylinders watching him from their colored main cameras.  Together, the two
carry their liege away from their true bodies' resting place.  Pii's question is heard concerning
the source of his and Nerti's involvement in this history.}

Pii:  What about Liaens?  How did he survive his wounds?

Tsunami:  As I stated, he and his followers conquered their homeworld of Prora 2718.  When Jurai
	King the First was about to finish Liaens, the Proran dictator first used his invisibility
	technology to slip away to an escape vessel and return to his world.  Once there, I cannot
	tell you what happened to him.  My sight only extends through this universe, not into
	others.

Pii:  He mentioned once fighting an "Aelins" on his world for control.  Does she have any
	relation to Nerti's mother?

Tsunami:  I could only speculate on any ancestry from the woman Liaens fought to conquer Prora,
	but it is not impossible for a connection to exist.

{Mihoshi speaks aloud next to advance the path to the prophecy.}

Mihoshi:  What about Princess Achi?  How'd she get away and write the Angel of Fire prophecy?

{Years after the incident with Liaens, the Jurai throne room has been completed and sparkles in
the glory of the original dynasty of the planet.  A new emperor sits upon the throne wearing the
hairband and tiara Keys as rings around his shoulders with the Tenchiken Key poking its hilt from
his kimono.  At his side, the grown Lady Achi is seated quietly by her husband's side and is
dressed in the finery of the empress of the world.  However beneath the gems and quality cloth,
her eyes are no longer those of the carefree child, but a wise young woman, thoughtful and
discerning.  Tsunami explains Lady Achi's new situation.}

Tsunami:  While her father and the knights faced Liaens, I called upon an old colleague to
	actually find and return Achi home, Angelbane duSoleil.  However, her kidnapping and
	captivity left lasting scars on her, and another effect that was unprecidented.  Her
	control of the Jurai Power had increased dramatically.  Through this major change, she was
	given the skill to foresee the far future, and she used her literacy of the Holy Chronicle
	to understand her visions.  While she wrote many prophecies that all became truth, those
	surrounding the Angel of Fire are the most well-known.

{Before the emperor and his wife, several Juraians dressed similarly to Shinto priests approach
the royal couple when Lady Achi stands and extends her hand toward them.  She begins to orate to
them while Tsunami explains.}

Tsunami:  Early in her prophesying, she came under attack from the Juraian priesthood, claiming
	her words to be heretical and possibly demonic in the association between the Light and
	Darkness.  Yet, her troubled soul and memories of her kidnapping left her with a new
	courage, and she faced all opponents with her rhetoric and knowledge of history and
	religion.  When all was finished, Princess Achi was hailed as not only the first empress of
	Jurai and an undeniable political figure, but a saint and oracle.

{L questions the goddess about Lady Achi.}

L:  Do you know why her Jurai Power increased?  Was it through your intervention or something
	else?

Tsunami:  When she was held captive by Liaens, she was exposed to the NVO energy of my sister to
	keep her from escaping, much like you plan to use a Jurai field to capture Sister.  Like
	Ayeka and Kagato, the contact with the darkness forced the princess's body to react by
	producing more Jurai energy to protect herself.  As with all Jurai, the manifestations of
	the Jurai Power vary, and hers were within her telepathic faculties.  However, unlike
	others, the darkness did not invade her and take control.  The generators and fields used
	by Liaens to hold Achi were not strong enough to affect her in that way.  She was a special
	woman, as are her descendents.

{Kiyone comments on this information and then asks her own query.}

Kiyone:  That explains how she knew about the future.  Then, the third goddess being is also in
	the future?

{Tsunami agrees.}

Tsunami:  Yes, and this prophecy only heightens suspicions I have had for aeons regarding the
	solitude of Tokimi and myself, why we have little contact with other higher-dimensional
	beings.

{Zed's gruff voice now speaks to the Jurai goddess.}

Zed:  You said that this sword Key you made for the first Jurai King could only change forms if
	several people contributed their power to it.

{The younger princess of Jurai's response is uneasy, sensing Zed's direction of questioning.}

Tsunami:  Yes, I did.

Zed:  Then, how could the Jurai Emperor wield it against Kain over a hundred years ago?

{The scene of Lady Achi confronted by the Juraian priesthood fades to the same throne room aeons
later, specifically during the crisis of Kain approximately one hundred years prior to the
present.  Some age can be seen in the stone and flora surrounding the throne while the Emperor
rests himself in the regal seat, leaning forward in grave thought.  He is dressed in the regal
robes of the leader of the Juraian people while his black hair extends behind him to hang close
to his waistline.  His deep violet eyes gaze at translucent display screens, showing the details
of all the encounters with Kain since the most recent report.  Those same regal eyes also hold a
deep compassion for those lost on the many worlds destroyed by the obsidian creature rampaging
through the cosmos.  Tsunami's uneasiness is replaced by a sorrow that flows into the story she
weaves.}

Tsunami:  In the past century, the last great Jurai Emperor was the grandfather to Lord Yosho.
	He was a kind and generous ruler, but he also possessed a warrior's spirit which even
	rivaled the knights who served him in his reign.  When Kain, my sister's son, appeared to
	threaten the universe, he watched as plan after plan to stop the destruction failed.

{J's voice agrees.}

J:  Not unlike what's been happening here.

Tsunami:  Yes...  And in a moment of despiration, he made a choice that would forever change the
	destinies of his descendents...

{The Emperor lowers his head with a great sigh as he waves his hand, dissipating the displays
around him.  He forces himself to his feet and steps down the stairway to the throne to the main
floor as he raises his head to face the ceiling and opens his arms wide.  Once more as before, a
white woman of light appears before this generation's leader before he lowers his gaze to her,
unafraid of the brightness.  He says only a few words, but these are enough to take the being
aback, aghast at his request.}

Tsunami:  He asked that I take him as an avatar to defeat Kain...

{The present day room is filled with gasps of surprise in response to this revelation when
Washu's voice calls to the Jurai goddess in regard to the details of this insinuation.}

Washu:  Wouldn't that involve killing him, like Tokimi, a deceased body without a soul?

Tsunami:  No...  My presence requires no soul as well, but a living vessel...  In Sasami's case,
	I fused with her spirit at birth... so she always was I, and I was she...  With the
	Emperor, this could not be done...

{The female of energy gazes over the Emperor and can only see his dedication and unyielding
determination to end the murder.  She lowers her head and consents to his request, turning away
from him and seemingly bowing her head in a moment of silence, even a tear.  Then, her being
explodes into a shower of white filaments that gather around the Emperor who stands resolute.
The particles combine into an aura around the ruler and increase in light intensity to blind any
normal person.}

Tsunami:  I entered into the Emperor's body and coexisted with his spirit, allowing him access to
	the energies I possess... all of them...

{The power dims to show the Emperor now wearing the white gi and hakama for combat while the
three diamond insignia glow emerald on his forehead.  The Tenchiken hilt floats from within his
gi to float in the air before him while the hairband and tiara Keys fly to its side.  The two
curved Keys attach to his clothes as rings around his arms as the Master Key rotates about its
length axis.  The vines of the hilt unravel and flare out to the sides as a star about the violet
crest, revealing the secondary hilt.  The vines then encircle the crest and extend upward,
forming the core of the new blade.  This new style shines brightly as a white, metal blade washes
over the vines down to the hilt, where the two sepal leaf formations flip up to complete the
hilt.  The Emperor takes the sword in his hands while the Jurai Power around him subsides,
unveiling the warrior who would defeat Kain and seal him away.  The past fades away to the
present in MiB HQ where all present have heard Tsunami's stories of the past, letting that
knowledge affect their views of all that has happened.  In their varied groups, each person
continues to listen to the goddess speak to them all.  Tsunami herself has bowed her head while
some tears roll down her face, and her voice waivers with her emotional turmoil over both her
choice and the Emperor's in the previous age.}

Tsunami:  When we confronted Kain, the Emperor and I disagreed...  He wanted to kill... I wanted
	to contain...  In that conflict... the Emperor attempted to channel my power through his
	body and into his attacks...  killing him...  Kain was sealed away at the expense of the
	current ruler of the people I love...

{Yosho begins to walk toward Tsunami while taking the story from where she stopped.}

Yosho:  After that battle, the three Keys entrusted to the Jurai Emperor's bloodline were
	separated into the branch families, afraid that the power of the three was what killed him.
	One was given to Ayeka's family, one to Nagi's.  Only the sword remained with the ruling
	line... until I left Jurai after Kagato's defeat... when Ayeka's grandfather took the
	throne in my place...

{Kiyone also leaves her position to step towards Tsunami slowly with her compassionate voice
adding to Yosho's.}

Kiyone:  The Emperor's death was recorded as one of the most tragic events in Jurai's history,
	changing many Juraian's attitudes towards interaction with the other governments in the
	galaxy...

{L's soft spoken words carry down to Tsunami.}

L:  And in this age, you were born again as Sasami Jurai, living her young life in secret and
	watching the prophecies of Achi come true...

{The goddess shakes her head remembering all those aeons of conflict, unable to resolve them all
with a simple answer.}

Tsunami:  I don't know where could I have acted...  So much of this history didn't have to
	happen...

{Yosho and Kiyone reach the princess's side and stand with her as the prince reaches up to the
azure-haired woman's eyes and wipes away her tears.  The GP detective rests her healthy hand on
Tsunami's shoulder supportively, causing the eternal woman to look up from her doubts.  She sees
not only the two with her, but all in the chamber gazing upon her with not disdain or anger, but
compassion and reverence for all she as endured for the past millennia.  Then, her gaze falls
onto Nagi who has her eyes closed and head bowed in thought.  Tsunami calls out to the female
bounty hunter.}

Tsunami:  Nagi...?

{All eyes turn to Nagi when her response comes quietly but also with a quantity of deep emotion
from her soul, confused and disillusioned.}

Nagi:  Why Sasami?  Why did you choose that innocent girl for this life?

{The crimson eyes open from behind the purple stands of hair to gaze back at the origin of half
of her being.  The goddess nods solemnly and answers.}

Tsunami:  She, like Ayeka and Yosho, is a descendent of Princess Achi.  Also, I saw her when so
	many of you went back to 1970 to face Kain, and in her, I saw myself looking back.  I could
	no longer ignore the future that was coming to pass.

{The hard eyes do not yield from the reply when the next question comes.}

Nagi:  And, my mother?  Why did Tokimi take her?

{The princess sighs and shakes her head sadly with her answer.}

Tsunami:  That I do not know.  I do not know your mother's lineage well enough or my sister's
	reasons for why she would assimilate into her.  That is the truth.

{With that answer, Nagi stands and turns to a nearby doorway while closing her eyes once more.
Tsunami's expression turns solemn for the young woman when the next question comes from her.}

Nagi:  Does your sister want to kill me?

{The goddess's eyes close slowly before she answers in the silence of the room.}

Tsunami:  Yes...

{Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki hop from the bounty hunter's shoulders as she folds her arms and leaves
the room.  The two cabbits sadly watch the lonely woman go alone into the shadows of the MiB
corridors before Kamidake starts after her, his expression soft and focused on the girl who had
just left.  As he vanishes after her,  Zed's gruff and insenitive voice calls down to Tsunami,
pulling her from her reflection.}

Zed:  If your sister goddess is here to kill those associated with the Angel of Fire prophecy,
	what can we do to protect them and send her back to wherever she came from?

{The goddess's eyes open slightly into the distance with a solemnity that can be felt in her
voice and her expression.}

Tsunami:  "Destroy the body, and the spirit will depart"...  If Ryoshu's body is completely
	annihilated or inundated with pure Jurai Power, Tokimi cannot hold herself to it...  She
	will have to return to the Goddess Plane, our true realm of existance...

{Mihoshi grips her hands together in hearing Tsunami's words and replies shocked by this.}

Mihoshi:  You mean we have to kill Ryoko and Nagi's mother to defeat Tokimi...?!

{The princess nods slowly when Azaka shakes his head before looking after where Nagi and Kamidake
exited.}

Azaka:  What a fate for Lady Nagi...  To lose her sister, her mother, and so much of herself in
	just the past few days...

{Nerti's soft voice arises from her place holding Pii's hands while he stays close by her side.}

Nerti:  I can relate...

{Azaka turns to the blonde woman in white to hear her sadness, and see it in her face.}

Nerti:  I lost my family, my love, and my soul in one day...  I can't say it any other way than
	it was just unreal and... almost too much pain to bear...

{Her companion nods and concurs with her.}

Pii:  That same day, I went through much of the same...  I found it hard to live after that...

{He then looks up and shakes his head to those thoughts.}

Pii:  But, I know Nagi, and I think she's strong enough to handle this.

{The scene fades from the gathering in the INS sector of MiB HQ to the medical corridor where
Nagi and Kamidake faced Dark Ayeka only hours before.  The Ryo-Jurai bounty hunter steps slowly
through this shadow-filled hallway gazing quietly at the floor with her arms folded around her.
Her mind pulls back her own words and those of others to her in regard to her being, pulling the
tension within her tighter and tighter.}

Nagi:  I swear to you.  If you die, not only will you pass from this world, but part of your
	sister will too.  You are the dearest person in her life, and she would be devastated to
	lose you...

Tsunami:  Just as you are nothing like Ryoko...  or Sasami was nothing like Ayeka...

Kamidake:  You are much more than "Nagi the Bounty Hunter"... or the "Bastard of Light and Dark".

Nagi:  Damn Tokimi... Damn Jurai...!!

Kamidake:  That is true, but it is not proper for a Juraian lady to not know how to perform a
	formal dance.

Nagi:  Do not call me "Lady"... please...

Sasami:  Where'd you get this?!  This is just like the Juraian silk robes Ayeka only wears for
	state matters!

Kamidake:  You look gorgeous, Nagi, far beyond any other I have seen...

Tensho:  Always trying to do too much... Nagi, you're just like your mother...

Nagi:  My hands are too covered in blood to offer one to her.

Ryoko:  Yeah, so am I.  Come back in one piece.

Nagi:  You never did give me enough credit, my sister Ryoko.

Kamidake:  Nagi, you still have a difficult life... don't you...?

{These and others swarm Nagi's mind when she suddenly hear Kamidake's voice speak once again, but
not within her mind.  She turns around to watch his lips speak those words with sympathy to the
woman before him.}

Kamidake:  You still have a difficult life... don't you...?

{She shuts her eyes and clinches her teeth as she spins away from him, uttering forced words
through her facade.}

Nagi:  How would you know what a difficult life is like, Kamidake?  How would you know what my
	life was like?

{The red knight takes another step closer to her and speaks softly for her only to hear.}

Kamidake:  I know...  I lost my family too...

{She slowly looks back towards him with some kindness in her gaze upon seeing his honestly caring
face.}

Kamidake:  When Azaka and I died to the ancient world... both of us lost our families... our
	entire lives up to that moment...  Azaka had a wife and child before we fought Liaens...
	My father also never had his only son return...  As I said, I checked the records...  He
	never remarried after my mother's death and mourned my apparent death in addition to
	hers...

{Her eyes close again as she sighs, attempting to release the emotions collecting with her.}

Nagi:  You were also only a couple years younger than you are now...  I was only a child...  Most
	of history has been decided by two goddesses playing chess against each other with our
	lives...  mine... Ryoko's... yours...  even little Sasami's...  Now, my mother's corpse has
	been brought into this...  I feel like I'm losing everything that I've gotten back...

{Nagi feels Kamidake's hand rest on her shoulder and grip slightly, supportively.}

Kamidake:  Who said you've lost everything...?

{With this, she tightens her lips and eyes when some tears appear in her eyes before she pulls
away from Kamidake.  She dashes into an empty room while the knight runs after her as she darts
into a room and pushes the door closed.  Kamidake slaps his hand against the door just after it
shuts with a hard impact, rattling its composition.  He then hears the click of the lock and
relents his force.  Inside, Nagi slides down into a sitting position before the door, holding
back what she feels within her soul.  Outside, Kamidake allows his hand to slide to the side so
his forearm hits the door while his head lowers to rest against his arm.  He sighs hard before
rolling along his arm so his back is against the door before sliding down to sit in front of it.
The red staff lies across his lap as he looks up into the lights when the black Mark of Rage on
his cheek vanishes from his face.  His words are soft when tears now roll down his face.}

Kamidake:  I'm sorry...  I'm sorry I can't protect you from this life...

{Inside, Nagi holds her knees close to her as a child would, trying to feel nothing from inside
her soul.  However, the tears in her eyes and the sobs in her breath will not allow her to deny
them.  She glares harshly into the distance of the room with her crimson eyes.}

Nagi:  I'm stronger than this...!  I am the most feared bounty hunter in the galaxy...!  I
	shouldn't be locked in a room crying...!!

{Her hands grip together tightly as she uses all the mental control she has developed over her
short life in an attempt to seal those emotions.  Then, she loosens her tension and rubs her hand
down her face.}

Nagi:  Who am I trying to fool...?  I don't have the strength to be who Tokimi thinks I am...  I
	was stronger before I got involved with all these people... when I was still alone...

{She closes her eyes when she hears a voice in her mind speaking to her directly and by name, the
voice of her mother calling her.}

Ryoshu:  Nagi, my daughter...

{Hearing this, Nagi's eyes flash grey for a moment before she calls back to the voice.}

Nagi:  Mother...?

{Even through the door, Kamidake hears Nagi's voice and pulls him out from his reflection.  He
only hears her voice, but upon hearing "mother" from the woman on the other side of the door, he
knocks and yells her name.}

Kamidake:  Nagi!  Nagi, what's going on?!

{She does not hear him as the maternal voice continues to summon her.}

Ryoshu:  I can show you what it is to be Ryoan again, Nagi...  I am the spirit that bore you...
	I can make you strong like you once were...

{Nagi stands and takes a few steps forward when a white ball of energy appears before her and
widens to a disk of light.  The center dims to show the building in which Ryoshu-Tokimi resides,
the severely damaged building a distance from the wreckage of the World Trade Center.  Nagi
blinks in confusion, shaking her head as her eyes as if she was dizzy or her eyes were unfocused.
Her mother's voice continues while her eyes fade from red to grey.}

Ryoshu:  I will help you forget...  make you strong again...  I'll raise you as I should have
	originally...

{Nagi's expression grows silent of doubt as she gazes into the gateway before her, lost in the
words of her mother's voice.  She then nods and walks toward the hole in space and time.  A red
line suddenly extends down the door into the room before the door falls in half along that line,
allowing Kamidake to see what is happening.  The situation hits him hard before he quickly
recovers and calls to the bounty hunter.}

Kamidake:  Nagi!!  Nagi, turn around!!

{She seems to not hear him as she passes into the gateway without turning back or speaking a
word.  He then hears Ryoshu-Tokimi's voice speaking to him from the gateway that took Nagi from
him.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  She is mine, knight.  She will be the fourth to fall, a fall caused by the very
	dark nature she carries inside her.

{The anger can be read in Kamidake's face as he glares into the glowing doorway and grips his
staff to the point of his hands starting to tremble.  The obsidian mark grows across his facial
skin once more before he locks his staff into a cocked position against his back as he jumps into
the gateway.  The dark goddess seems to smile in her voice as the portal closes.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Your love will kill you like it did Masaki, Juraiko.

End Scene 2

Scene 3

{The streets of Manhattan surrounding the demolished World Trade Center are barren of life.
Rubble fills the roads while dust and fumes wisp in the winds that blow through the empty
corridors of glass, stone, and steel.  Ryu-Oh remains entombed beneath tons of debris, the Jurai
vessel seemingly dead and only mixing with the rest of the devastation.  Nearby Ryu-Oh's resting
place, a single figure walks gradually through the war-torn landscape.  This young woman's spikes
of purple hair fly in the wind currents, as does the black cape around her shoulders.  Her
expression is solemn and longing, lost in a sea of confusion between her desires and the reality
around her.  When the dust clears for a moment, one can see the crimson in her eyes that was once
distinguished her as a descendent of the Jurai Royal Family has melted away to a slate grey, void
of identity and purpose.  Lady Nagi of Jurai seems to no longer exist in the bounty hunter, only
the girl left alone by the royals over a decade ago.  A male voice calls her name from the clouds
of dust and smoke behind her, the red knight Kamidake Juraiko.}

Kamidake:  Nagi!!

{She continues to walk forward to the familiar building where several of her allies have fallen,
Mitsuki's tomb and Ayeka's dark cocoon.  The crown princess's blood can still be seen dried black
on the ground beneath the Nagi's feet.  From the billowing vapors behind her, the white gi and
hakama of the red knight shoot out in a flat run directly for her as he calls her name.}

Kamidake:  Stop, Nagi!!

{Before he closes to a meter to her, a red pulse of light shoots from the sky to explode the
ground around the knight's feet, tossing him to the ground a distance from the impact crater.
Nagi stops and turns back to him quietly while he lifts himself to his feet again with the staff
Key he possesses.  He coughs the dust and smoke from his lungs when her subdued voice questions
him.}

Nagi:  What are you doing here...?

{His attention falls back onto the woman before him when he now notices the grey eyes gazing back
at him.  His concern is not only written in his face, but in the tones of his voice as he speaks
with her across the rim of the hole in the asphalt.}

Kamidake:  I have to stop you from going to her, Nagi.  Can't you see this is another deception
	by Tokimi to draw you out like she did Princess Ayeka?

{She shakes her head and replies to his assertion.}

Nagi:  I want to forget, Kamidake...  I want to be strong like I was before all this happened...

{He interrupts her quickly.}

Kamidake:  No, you don't!

{His feet move forward slowly as he takes the staff from an offensive posture to a relaxed one,
extending his free hand to her.}

Kamidake:  Your memories and experiences make you strong, Nagi.  If you lose them, you'll become
	the cold, soulless killer you were.  Would your mother want her daughter to be that, a pawn
	in a goddess's sick chess game?  She didn't want that for Ryoko or you.  She left you with
	your father so he could raise you as a lady, a righteous woman.  If you go to the one
	calling you, you will end up like Ayeka, a pawn to be lost at a whim.

{Nagi takes a step backward while her voice is heard to be uneasy and confused as she holds her
head.}

Nagi:  I... I don't believe you...

{Kamidake continues to approach her with kindness shown towards her.}

Kamidake:  You don't need her!  You are already a strong woman, Nagi!

{The mixed-blood woman is struck hard by this as the knight's speech turns to despiration.}

Kamidake:  You are the most real woman I've known, Lady Nagi of Jurai.  You are a superior
	warrior, a caring sister, and, though you won't admit it to me or anyone else, you are a
	gentle nurturer.  When we faced Dark Ayeka, you said you couldn't raise Princess Sasami
	because of who you are.  I don't believe that, not in the least.  You would be the best
	person for that job.  That makes you strong in a way that your mother was, stronger than
	many women.  Now, I'm here to protect that woman you conceal.  It is true that I was first
	told to protect you by your father, but... but now...

{He hesitates while Nagi's eyes blink, the irises flickering from the grey back to her natural
red.  A warmth is heard in her voice in response to his words.}

Nagi:  But...?

{Kamidake is about to answer when his hand strikes against a field surrounding Nagi, burning his
combat uniform and his skin.  He recoils, holding the hand while looking back at the bounty
hunter who blinks in surprise.  Behind her, the figure of Ryoshu-Tokimi appears above the ground
and then floats down slightly so her feet touch the scorched rock.  Her ruby and sapphire eyes
glare at the knight standing before her and Nagi while her crimson and obsidian dress flows with
the wind around her.  The white ribbon whips around her head as does the streamer crown.  She
rests a violet, clawed hand upon the bounty hunter's shoulder, causing her to react by arching
her neck back and seeming to strain with her eyes closed tightly and her teeth gnashing together.
The black mark on her face extends up her chin line and around her eye, flashing a pale green,
the same as the marks upon Ryoshu-Tokimi's face.  Kamidake steps forward again and yells towards
the goddess.}

Kamidake:  Stop it!  You're killing her!!

{The vision of Nagi's mother shakes her head and answers calmly.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  On the contrary, I am drawing her true nature to the surface.  She is half-Ryoan,
	meaning that part of her belongs to me.  I lay claim to that portion of her, and in turn,
	the entirity of her.

{Her hand releases Nagi when the child of Light and Darkness lowers her closed-eyed blank
expression for Kamidake to see.  He is left aghast to see the woman he knew apparently gone
without a fight or any resistance.}

Kamidake:  Nagi...!!

{Nagi's hand reaches to the hairband Key on her head and slips it off before dropping it to the
ground.  The red knight takes another step, reaching for Nagi as his hand hits the force shield
again, pushing him back.}

Kamidake:  No, Nagi...!!

{Ryoshu-Tokimi raises her right hand as a white arc of energy appears above that hand and expands
into a shield.  She grips it, molding it into a small arc shape as the white light of the item
fades away to allow the normal vision to see it.  Covered with thorns and spikes and bearing a
bladed crest, a dark and twisted version of Nagi's hairband now rests in Ryoshu-Tokimi's hand.
She holds this before Nagi as an offering as her words order the young woman softly and firmly.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Take this, and assume your position at my side for the destruction of the people
	who have forsaken you... weakened you...

{Nagi's hand lifts up and reaches for the dark Key when Kamidake yells back at her.}

Kamidake:  Stop!!

{Her hand stops within centimeters of the Key in response to his words, as if she is listening
to him.  He speaks to her directly and kindly, pleading with the woman he has known.}

Kamidake:  Look at yourself, Nagi.  Is this who you are, an instrument of destruction?

{Ryoshu-Tokimi's eyes lock onto the Juraian with a hateful glare while he continues to speak his
feelings.}

Kamidake:  Maybe you were once, but not since I've known you.  You've changed from the vagrabond
	bounty hunter who chased Ryoko.  You were raised as a Juraian, no matter the blood in your
	veins.

{Nagi's eyes open pure Juraian red to gaze upong Kamidake's face as tears roll down her face
while Ryoshu-Tokimi calls back to him.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Silence, knight of Jurai!

{He does not turn his gaze from Nagi as he approaches the shield surrounding her without fear.
He is focused only on her and what he feels towards her, stopping within a short distance of the
field to speak more.}

Kamidake:  I haven't told you everything I feel because I've been denying those emotions.  I
	couldn't say anything because you were Lord Tensho's daughter, a possible successor to the
	Jurai throne, but Azaka reminded me that you are your own woman.  You make your own choices
	so I ask you now.  What is your choice, life as what you are becoming or as what you were
	becoming?

{Her voice comes quietly from her lips while the black mark of her face fades away to leave her
face clean of the rageful darkness.}

Nagi:  I... I choose...  I choose to be a Juraian... the real woman you saw...

{The spikes of her hair soften out into silky strands of regal violet surrounding her head.
Looking upon her countenance, Kamidake smiles, seeing Lady Achi's face in Nagi's.  Then, her
expression turns to pain as crimson lightning arcs across her body, sapping her strength to even
stand beyond her knees.  The knight gasps and yells out to her.}

Kamidake:  Nagi!!

{Ryoshu-Tokimi slowly walks down towards Kamidake while the dark sword of Kagato appears and
forms its black blade at her unspoken command.  The twisted hairband is placed within her armored
gown with a gradual motion.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  You should have stayed quiet, knight of Jurai.  First, I will silence you, and
	then deal with the bastard child of Jurai.

{He sets himself into a defensive posture and readies to attack the dark goddess while his
expression is filled with anger and rage.}

Kamidake:  What are you doing to her?!

{Her cold, soulless face answers him.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Nothing.  The Ryoan energy in her body is warring with the Juraian side of her
	blood.  She has forsaken her mother's heritage as a weakness and chose to be a Juraian.
	Now, the side she left behind in her fight with Jezibel demands an answer from her.  No
	matter her choice, part of her can never live with the other.  However, you should be more
	concerned with your own life than hers.

{The possessed Ryoan lifts from the ground and darts at the Juraian knight when he dodges to the
side, drawing his power into the headpiece of his staff.  While the conflict between Kamidake and
Ryoshu-Tokimi begins, Nagi's mind fights through the pain as she feels the two sides of herself
fighting for control.}

Nagi:  I am Juraian...!!  I am Ryoan...!!  I wanted to forget my Juraian life to live as the
	Ryoan hunter...!!  I wanted to forsake my Ryoan heritage to be a member of the Jurai Royal
	Family...!!  I can't be both...!!

{The knight's scream is heard, drawing Nagi's attention from her inward conflict to the one
between the goddess and the Juraian.  She can see a red gash in his left arm while there is a
portion of Ryoshu-Tokimi's gown and flesh that has been burned away by his strength.  The dark
sword swings at the staff as Kamidake blocks the attack single-handedly.  However, the force of
her arms necessitates the use of his wounded arm as he goes to his knees.  Watching this, Nagi
hears Kamidake's voice echoing in her mind from all he has said to her in public and private.}

Kamidake:  You are much more than "Nagi the Bounty Hunter"... or the "Bastard of Light and Dark".
	You look gorgeous, Nagi, far beyond any other I have seen...  You've changed from the
	vagrabond bounty hunter who chased Ryoko.  You make your own choices so I ask you now.
	What is your choice?

{His question "What is your choice?" resounds as her eyes cease to flow with tears while the
Juraian Mark of Rage grows across both sides of her face once more.  Her glare of anger falls
upon Ryoshu-Tokimi when part of the crimson energy around her gradually changes to azure as the
Jurai Power starts to rise within her.  In the conflict with the goddess and the knight, the
possessed Ryoan suddenly glances to Nagi to see her stand to her feet.  She sees the crimson eyes
staring back when a celestial kimono of white trimmed with red appears around her, replacing the
combat uniform and cape.  The energy conflict about her is exstinguished by this kimono, healing
her into one person once more.  The hairband Key levitates to her hand, wrapping around it and
extending the violet katana blade which killed Jezibel.  Kamidake looks over to her to witness
this transformation with a sense of awe when both see an emerald symbol appear on her forehead, a
diamond circumscribed about a disc of ruby.  The knight whispers to himself.}

Kamidake:  The child of Light and Shadow...  So beautiful...

{Ryoshu-Tokimi questions this changed woman.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  So, Bastard of Light and Darkness, what will you do with your rediscovered
	dentity?

{Her eyes dance with a fiery desire for vengeance as her body shifts into a traditional Juraian
kendo stance, her sword directed toward the image of her mother.}

Nagi:  I ask you, demon...  Why my mother...?  Why not some nameless Ryoan...?

{The goddess replies coldly.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Two reasons:  first, convenience; second, Ryoshu was a lineal descendent of the
	riginal leader of the Ryoan pirate guild of antiquity... as you and Ryoko are also.  You
	nd she are the closest that the Ryoans have to a royal family.

Nagi:  That's all I wanted to know...

{The child of the two worlds darts into the air and flies directly at Ryoshu-Tokimi with her
kimono whipping in her wake.  The goddess vanishes before Nagi's blade comes down where she was
standing, slicing deep into the ground.  Kamidake recovers his footing and joins Nagi at her side
as she glances to his arm momentarily.}

Nagi:  You alright?

{He nods and raises his staff to a ready position.}

Kamidake:  I'll live...  Any ideas on escape?

{She motions in the affirmative when she hears the wind displaced by a teleportation behind her.
She spins around to block Ryoshu-Tokimi's black sword as Kamidake draws his staff back to jab at
the dark goddess.  Her left hand releases the blade's hilt and grabs the headpiece of the pole,
deflecting the blow.  Holding the Juraian device, the flesh of her hand starts to burn and react
with crimson arcs of power while her face shows no pain.  The eternal being speaks to them both
with some disgust in her voice.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Neither of you are any better than Ayeka.  I waste my time toying with either of
	you.

{With that, Kamidake juts the blunt end of his staff into Ryoshu-Tokimi's face, pushing her away
from the two warriors.  The knight takes a guarded position, yielding his wounded arm behind him
while Nagi extends her hand at her side.  She grimaces and grits her teeth together as both
crimson Ryoan and emerald Juraian energies gather and spark between themselves in her hand.  The
dark goddess focuses on her with shock in her face.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Light and Darkness in the same point... pair annihilation...

{The Ryo-Juraian bounty hunter pushes the powers she has collected forward towards the goddess.
The possessed Ryoan swipes with the dark sword as time gradually slows, approaching the time of
impact.  When the two meet, the ball of conflicting energies crashes through the black blade,
sending shards of the black fire in all directions while continuing into the dark goddess's
shoulder.  It rips through her, jerking Ryoshu-Tokimi's body backward in recoil.  She grabs the
shoulder and holds it tightly in actual pain while Nagi smiles as her face literally drips with
sweat as she falls to one knee.  Kamidake comes to her side and helps her back to her feet,
feeling from the slightless touch to her trembling figure that she lost a large portion of her
strength from that action.  Ryoshu-Tokimi glares back at her with words of anger calling for
Nagi.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Damned child...  How dare you injure me...!!

{Nagi sets her violet sword before her when a threat arises from her lips.}

Nagi:  I'm not done...  I have more for you, Tokimi...!!

{She places both hands on the Key's hilt when a red aura surrounds the Key and is drawn within
it.  The blade starts to flare wildly and almost uncontrollably as the symbol on her forehead
shines brightly, reflected and refracted about by the perspiration rolling across her skin.
Kamidake shakes his head and dashes to a position between Nagi and Ryoshu-Tokimi.  He raises his
staff in a blocking posture towards the dark goddess when he states his demand.}

Kamidake:  Stop this!  Just let her go, and I will take her place to die!!

{The possessed Ryoan lowers her hand to show the flesh and clothes regenerating slowly on her
shoulder.  She grins at the knight's galantry.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  You think too highly of yourself, crimson knight.  Now that she has discovered
	her true identity, she must die... like Tenchi... like Ryoko... like Ayeka..

{Kamidake glares back at her as a transparent barrier appears around both him and Nagi.  The
goddess laughs.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Your love for her will be the end of you.  Your precious Jurai's Blade technique
	will not protect you or her from me.

{He yells a cry of rageful battle when the shield around him shatters into shards that are swept
by a wind of his creation towards Ryoshu-Tokimi.  She waves her hand as her own barrier
materializes around her, deflecting each blade away.  With barely a sound, Nagi shoots into the
air above Kamidake with her sword drawn back to attack the vision of her mother.  The sword is a
blazing blade of regal violet edged by blood red as it comes down at Ryoshu-Tokimi as Nagi
screams her focused rage at the possessed woman.  Her enemy only extends her hand as a white
shield of light appears to block the Ryo-Juraian's blade, deflecting her trajectory to the side.
Kamidake dashes at the dark goddess, spinning his staff at his side gathering crimson light for a
strike.  Ryoshu-Tokimi turns to the knight when he then spins his entire body into a strike with
the red aura about his staff's headpiece.  She simply uses her hand to deflect the first attack
when he flips up the blunt end of the pole and connects against her shoulder before bringing the
headpiece against the side of her face.  Her eyes dart to the staff in surprise when he smirks at
her.}

Kamidake:  I will protect her, always.

{The red aura suddenly grows volatile and explodes next to Tokimi's face, tossing Kamidake away.
He lands against the asphalt motionless, his Juraian uniform singed and burnt as well as his
skin.  Nagi gets to her knees and sees the aftermath with a gasp at the knight's condition.  She
yells his name.}

Nagi:  Kamidake!!

{The smoke clears from around Ryoshu-Tokimi as she turns to face the Ryo-Juraian again, the
melted and scorched flesh of the undead body's face slowly attempting to remold itself.  Nagi
bares her teeth and glares pure hatred at the dark goddess as she forces herself to her weakened
stance.  Her opponent smiles behind the twisted visage.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  You feel that you are pawns in my chess game?  You are hardly that.  You are
	pieces that have been taken from the board.  You had the opportunity to be at my side, as
	Ayeka and Ryoko have been offered.  Now, I send you to join them in eternity.

{The goddess raises her free palm to face Nagi when a blast of ruby energy is deflected  from a
shield around the undead body.  She looks over her shoulder at the knight barely holding the
staff aimed in her direction.  Kamidake squints his eyes while using all his strength to keep
his trembling arm steady enough to have accuracy.  Ryoshu-Tokimi smirks when she hears a yell of
rage from in front of her.  She turns back to see Nagi's Ryo-Jurai blade cut into her shoulder
and across her chest to her heart.  The eternal being cringes in pain again before she glares
hard at the mortal woman, causing the white shield to swing into her and toss her to the ground.
The crimson and violet blade vanishes, leaving her breathing difficultly while her eyes attempt
to refocus on her enemy.  Ryoshu-Tokimi turns with her wounds bleeding a black fluid while the
regeneration takes its time to rebuild her possessed body.  She looks upon the woman at her feet
with contempt at her actions.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  I will admit that you have strength, Nagi of Jurai, but you will not succeed.  I
	will ensure that with your death.

{Nagi turns her head to the goddess with a weak glare and a bitter tongue.}

Nagi:  Then do it...!!

{The light shield floats over to hover above Nagi before sharpening itself into a blade aimed at
her heart.  Kamidake tries to force himself to raise off the ground with great pain in his body.
He calls to the child of Light and Darkness with his straining voice.}

Kamidake:  Nagi...!!

{Then, both Nagi and Kamidake vanish in waves of violet energy from above them all.  The dark
goddess looks up to see Ken-Ohki flying by and turning back towards MiB HQ at high speed.  She
touches her wounds and grimaces at the pain with a few sour words escaping her lips.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  They forced me to use my Light Hawk Wings...!  How can that be possible...?!

End Scene 3

End Act 8