Dark Energy Trilogy
By William Benjamin Grilliette (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

All material of or relating to *Tenchi Muyo!* are copyrighted by Pioneer LD and AIC.
All material of or relating to *Men in Black* are copyrighted by Marvel/Malibu Comics and
	Columbia/Tristar Pictures.
All material of or relating to "Evil Pii" or "Nerti Ro" is property of William Benjamin
	Grilliette.
All material of or relating to "Angelbane duSoleil", "Cassandra duSoleil", or "Katiara duSoleil"
	is property of Jeffrey Williams.
More information about cast, plot, and story is available at http://evilpii.dorm4.org/.

Part 3:  Tenchi Muyo! / Men in Black: Inheritance
By William Benjamin Grilliette  (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Act 9

Scene 1

{Rows of lights slide past in a hazy silence as strands of damp, soft violet hair float through
the line of sight.  Muffled voices echo in the elfin ears of Nagi Jurai as a drop of blood rolls
down from the edge of her lips while her labored breath escapes her mouth.  Shrouded in her red-
trimmed white kimono singed from combat, she lies on a gurney being pushed through the infirmary
corridor of MiB HQ by the medical staff of the organization.  Her fist grips tightly around the
hairband Key wrapped around her hand, both scorched from her epic feat of truly merging Light and
Darkness.}

{Her teeth clench together as her kimono vanishes, restoring her purple Ryoan fire uniform and
black Juraian cape and cowl.  Her hair hardens though it cannot spike through the sweat covering
it.  Half of the Mark of Rage covering her face vanishes, leaving only the mark from her birth
across her left cheek.  Pain washes across her face as she gazes up to see the faces of the MiB
personnel whom she can now hear speaking too fast for her to understand.}

{Her head turns to her left where she catches a short glimpse of fiery red hair between the
agents.  Behind that red hair, the unconscious crimson knight Kamidake Juraiko, singed and
splattered with red and black blood moreso than herself, is pushed through this corridor on a
medical bed on his back.  However, the urgency of those around him is far greater due to his far
more severe condition.  Nagi grimaces as she reaches with her hand and calls his name softly.}

Nagi:  Kamidake...!

{His face remains motionless in a dreamless sleep as he disappears among the MiB physicians when
tears arise from Nagi's eyes and roll down her face.  Another wave of internal pain grips her,
but a soft pressure emerges around her hand that draws her attention to the gentle hand clothed
in white around hers.  The crimson, feline eyes follow the white garb to its wearer's tear-filled
and sorrowful expression, Tsunami's calming pink gaze.  The bounty hunter's lips grin slightly,
hopefully, before she raises her hand bearing the Key to Tsunami's hands.  The Key releases its
owner's palm as she passes the device onto the goddess.  The source of Jurai is confused until
Nagi's weak words call to Tsunami, pleading with her voice and gaze.}

Nagi:  Finish it... please...!!

{The azure tresses swing from side to side as her head shakes, denying the young woman's request
in both her hurt expression and torn words.}

Tsunami:  But... she is my sister...!!

{Nagi's hands hold Tsunami's tighter when the pain increases while her face tightens, fighting
back the internal effects.  She pleads to the goddess of Jurai even more.}

Nagi:  For my mother... my sister... and me... please...!!

{The eternal woman is struck hard by the words before the strength in the warrior's hands fades,
allowing her to slip away into the distance.  A cold silence surrounds the goddess of Jurai in
the motionless hallway.  She holds the hairband Key with both hands against her chest while her
eyes gaze down the corridor through which its owner passed.  Saline rolls from her eyes as she
slowly closes them and nods her head forward, grimacing in an attempt to contain her emotions.
However, she soon quickly turns away and steps into a side room, shutting the door behind her.
Her royal facade fails, drawing her hands and the Key to her face while sobs consume her.  Her
spirit calls out in this sadness to her sister Tokimi, pleading for a reason.}

Tsunami:  Why, Sister...?  None of this has been necessary...!

{She raises her eyes parallel to the floor and stares between her fingers intently towards the
opposite wall as if Tokimi was there to hear her words.}

Tsunami:  What changed you...?  What happened to the kind sister who taught me of eternity...?

{Her answer is only silence while the pain in her heart only increases.  Her sad expression
cringes behind the tears as she looks to the ceiling, alone.}

Tsunami:  Why do you... ignore my tears...?

{She sighs deeply and closes her eyes, wincing as the sobs come while her tears fall upon the
scorched Key in her hands.  Each drop splashes and rolls down the organic device, washing away
the blackened areas and restoring it to a prestine state.  The goddess lowers her hands and looks
upon the revitalized item in thought when her true voice is heard from her lips, speaking not as
the goddess but as the Juraian princess who lived in the Masaki home, Sasami.}

Tsunami:  They are my family, Sister...  Nagi, Kamidake, Tenchi, Ryoko...  Ayeka...  all of
	them...

{Within Tsunami's memory, images flash of the people who cared for her in her life as Sasami
Jurai.  As the seven-year-old princess, Sasami stays close to Tenchi's side at the Masaki
Shrine's festival, both dressed in the spirit of the occasion as he escorts her around the
carnival.}

{At the pier of the northern fishing village in Kiyone's ideal world, Sasami runs up to Kiyone as
the woman gazes out into the distance contentedly before her attention turns cheerfully to the
girl.  In the modest home of Mihoshi's ideal world, the blonde GP officer hands Sasami, her
daughter in this reality, her lunch before sending her off to school and calls out to her to
watch out for traffic on the way.}

{Looking out Yagami's external window at her uncle who helped them through Jurai's borders,
Yosho's kind palm is placed on her shoulder supportively, understanding the past events.  In the
Sacred Place of Jurai, Kamidake's confident smile reassures the princess before he and Azaka both
turn and face the Jurai destroyer which had defiled the sanctity of the location.}

{After Ayeka was kidnapped, Nagi's compliments and smile within the Masaki home raises the young
girl's spirits and hope soon before the bounty hunter joined their cause to rescue her sister.
Onboard the crashed Yagami among the sounds of war outside in the battle with the Jurai Fleet
during Kagato's coup, Washu holds Sasami close and protectively while the princess sobs in fear 
for their possible fates.}

{After the battle was over, Azaka's battle spirit shines again as he confronts Sasami in a
fighting game which she has mastered and is teaching him by defeating him soundly and repeatedly.
In a train station in Tokyo 1979, Ryoko watches over young Sasami as the two of them board the
same train to distribute Washu's collectors to capture Kain.}

{In the Masaki home a week ago, ten-year-old Sasami lays in her bed split between her mortal and
immortal personas while Ayeka is at her side holding her hand and reassuring her.  Tsunami's eyes
open with a solemn conviction, though the tear between her love for these people and her eternal
sister can still be seen deep in her gaze.}

Tsunami:  I cannot let them be murdered by you...  no matter the reason...

{She takes Nagi's Key in her left hand as she extends her right.  A familiar arc seems to crack
open in spacetime and widen into a white shield of light.}

Tsunami:  I used seven Light Hawk Wings to create the five Keys.  The remaining three will join
	their kindred.

{The Light Hawk Wing collapses upon itself into a small sphere hovering above Tsunami's hand as
two other wings open and do likewise.  From Tsunami's robes, the black tiara worn by Ayeka under
Kain II's influence gravitates toward the three orbs.  The dark power held within the headpiece
sparks at Tsunami, causing her draw back slightly in pain.  However, she silently stands firm
when the dark object reaches the small globes.}

{Together, the spheres flash their color a blood crimson as the obsidian lightning from the dark
tiara is gathered and summoned into them.  Within moments, the dark energy within the dark Key is
drained, and the crown of thorns created by Tokimi falls to the ground lifelessly.  Now
shimmering with their absorbed ruby power, the two of the three spheres emanate a silvery white
shroud of energy around themselves.  Each coalesces into a silver structure around either, one an
ornate ring and the other an intricate bracelet.}

{The body of the ring is of flawless silver stands weaved into designs of bright stars and the
flora given life by their light, a lady's ring of great beauty.  The bracelet consists of three
silver vines wrapping around one another, supporting each other, and blossoming into a trio of
flowers which hold the orb itself.  The third flies over to Nagi's Key and embeds itself within
the violet crest of the Juraian device, creating a white cradle for itself and adding silver
highlights to the existing floral design of the Key.  The formations complete, all three ruby
spheres fall silent as they dim to appear as three normal, red gems.  The ring and bracelet come
to rest in her right hand while her other hand closes around the modified hairband Key.}

{She then becomes faint as her regal form collapses to one knee while sweat beads upon her face.
Her breath deepens as she shakes her head to clear her mind, reminding herself of her own
situation.}

Tsunami:  Sasami's body...  has not adjusted to the strain...  She... I... am exhausted...

{The goddess's memory recalls the recent events that led to this collapse.  In orbit around
Jurai, a white female figure of light with body-length flowing hair floats amongst the debris of
Liaens's vessel as the Jurai Fleet's ships slowly reactivate.  Even then, she seems worn from the
use of her abilities after saving Jurai from holocaust.}

{Onboard Mirei's ghost ship in the Sargasso Sea, Ayeka takes the sleeping Sasami in her arms
after her conversation via Mirei with the lost soul of Kagato.  Standing atop the Masaki house,
ten-year-old Sasami raises her arms as she is enveloped in a white light that becomes the same
woman of light who saved Jurai during the Reunion.  She outstretches her hands to the trees of
Funaho and Ryu-Oh as the two rumble the ground and arise from the soil of Earth.  Their roots and
bark begin to slowly surround them, reconstructing their ship forms once more.}

{Tsunami softly reminds herself of the mortality to which she is now bound.}

Tsunami:  Stopping Liaens... interrogating Kagato... resurrecting Funaho and Ryu-Oh... and
	maturing myself to face Kain II...  All this has been too much too quickly...

{The Juraian princess, the goddess of light, glances to the dark tiara on the ground before she
glares at the device.  She takes it from the ground and hides it within her kimono once more
along with the Nagi's hairband.}

Tsunami:  But, I cannot rest now... not until everyone is safe...

{The eternal woman summons an emerald aura around herself as she forces herself to her feet.  She
takes a deep breath while the light around her fades away, leaving her seemingly less worn before
she turns to the door gravely.}

Tsunami:  Much remains to be done...

{As she opens the door, the scene fades to her entering an occupied infirmary suite, Tenchi and
Ryoko's.  Within, all is silent save the monitoring equipment that keeps pace with both
heartbeats and vital signs of each.  At Tenchi's side, Nobuyuki has fallen asleep in a lounge
chair, waiting for his son to rouse himself from the death-like slumber.  Between Tenchi and
Ryoko's beds, a chair stands with Ryoko's fire uniform draped across the back, burned and stained
with both her own blood and his as well.}

{Tsunami closes the door behind her and goes to Ryoko's bedside and solemnly gazes on the young
Ryoan's expressionless face surrounded by limp, cyan hair which was once her fiery mane.  She
rests her hand gently on Ryoko's forehead as her apologetic words call to the young woman softly
in the stillness.}

Tsunami:  I am sorry, Ryoko...  sorry about what Ayeka did, even under Kain II's influence... but
	also for not acting sooner to prevent all of this...  I should have intervened sooner...

{Tsunami shuts her eyes and bows her head before she feels a kind warmth beneath her palm on
Ryoko's head.  She glances up as she raises that hand to find the triple-disk mark to be glowing
powerfully, signifying Ryoko as one of the prophesied Six Warriors.  Across from her, Tenchi also
has the triple-kite insignia appear and shimmer synchronously with Ryoko's.  The goddess smiles
slightly while a few tears stray down her face with her quiet words.}

Tsunami:  Indomitable spirits...  Even now as a goddess, you two still are amazing... and
	heroic...

{She sighs and kneels at Ryoko's side before she takes the silver bracelet in her hand and slips
it gently over Ryoko's wrist.  The gem flares a brilliant ruby light with the contact of the
Ryoan's skin.  Tsunami's hands clasp above the bracelet as she bows her head and closes her eyes
while an emerald aura surrounds the eternal woman.  Her words come on the wind as that power
envelops now Ryoko.}

Tsunami:  As foretold, Woman of Darkness to be of the Light, the Darkness has left you and
	replaced by the Light, given by my sister Jurai Ayeka in her attack upon you...  You, like
	the Knight Paladin Masaki Tenchi, have the Wings of the Light Hawk sealed within you...  I
	now uncase those wings through the energy given by my sister in this life...

{Above Ryoko's chest, a brightness emanates from her body as two arcs crack open in reality and
widen into the two Light Hawk Wings of her spirit.  The two wings float side by side over the
length of Ryoko's body as they descend, showering her with small filaments of light.  Tsunami's
voice continues to speak with the unconscious member of her mortal family.}

Tsunami:  Born of the ancient Ryoan bloodline, this power was yours by birthright and now heals
	your wounds...  and I bind you to the Light as you were bound to the Darkness to complete
	your destiny...

{The emerald aura passed from Tsunami around Ryoko brightens into a white shroud which completes
the Ryoan's fusion into the Jurai Power.  As the white veil of light fades away, Ryoko is left
garbed in a new fire uniform with the crimson encircling the obsidian in flaring leaves, not only
across her chest but also down her legs.  Around her neck and wrists, three golden starbursts
protect those vital areas while the black mark worn by Oniko darkens both sides of her young
face.  Where the bracelet was placed, the red gem still shines brightly with its power, encrusted
within the golden band.  The infamous cyan mane has returned in its spiked glory, even though its
owner's eyes remain closed.  Tsunami's hands release one another and grip the bed to support her
weight as she tries to catch her breath from the exertion of uniting Ryoko with Jurai's Power.
The goddess's winded words continue to speak.}

Tsunami:  Even with your true power released... and given new energy...  you are ignorant of its
	use...  It will be locked within you... until you unlock it...

{She glances up to Tenchi with a slight smile on her tired face.}

Tsunami:  One key is your love...

{She sighs and looks back to Ryoko, still with that pleased and understanding grin.}

Tsunami:  The other is your sister...

{The Juraian princess takes the hands clothed in red and black in her own soft grasp.}

Tsunami:  Rest and regain your strength...

{After those words, Ryoko's Light Hawk Wings close into oblivion while her new battlesuit fades
away to the hospital gown she was in when Tsunami first arrived.  However, the symbol on her
forehead remains, as does the original spiky nature of her hair.  Tsunami glances to Tenchi and
nods to him as she seems to give him a kind order.}

Tsunami:  Please watch over her, Tenchi...

{Almost in reply, Tenchi's chosen logo vanishes together with Ryoko's leaving them almost how she
found them, except for the Ryoan's hair and new bracelet.  Tsunami pushes herself to her feet and
takes a deep, labored breath in an attempt to regain some of her lost strength when she hears the
door seal behind her.  She closes her eyes and sighs softly before speaking to the person behind
her.}

Tsunami:  How long were you there, Ms Ro?

{Behind Tsunami, white armor protects the young figure of Nerti Ro shrouded in crimson.  Her grey
eyes are wide with awe from witnessing Tsunami's joining of the Jurai Power into Ryoko and
uncasing her Light Hawk Wings.  Also in that young gaze, a hint of recognition exists from seeing
the wings and the power fusion, leaving her uneasy in her reply to the goddess of Jurai.}

Nerti:  Only a few moments...  What were...?

{Nerti takes a few steps toward Tsunami when the black mark of her own dark power appears
painlessly across her face.  However, in the goddess's presence, a white symbol appears and glows
brightly on Nerti's forehead, a blade aimed horizontally to Nerti's right.  At this sight,
Tsunami blinks in surprise when the young woman before her stops and places her armor-clad palm
against the mark.  Feeling the heat eminating from it, fear starts to rise in Nerti's mind.}

Nerti:  What in the...?!

{Nerti spins to the mirror hanging on a nearby wall before she removes her hand and takes a step
back as she sees the insignia glowing on her skin.  A chill shoots along her spine when she
glances up to see the chosen symbols on Tenchi and Ryoko shine into existence.  She turns back
around in confusion toward Tsunami.}

Nerti:  What is this, Lady Tsunami...?!

{Tsunami walks slowly toward her as she speaks with her soothing voice.}

Tsunami:  "These six will send the Creator of all this Blackness back into her place far away,
	ushering in a new time of peace for the galaxy through this battle..."  Six Warriors chosen
	by Fate to stop my sister from her purpose in this world...  You are one of them, Nerti Ro.

{Nerti's eyes blink and gaze at the floor while the gravity of Tsunami's words finally strike
deep into her being.  The goddess places her hands on Nerti's shoulders, drawing the young
woman's attention back.}

Tsunami:  You have shown a great strength of spirit to resist my sister's summons for so long.
	Remember what Oniko taught you and that all you saw under Jezibel's power and as Liaens's
	tool.  Today, you will learn why that fate was chosen for you.

{Nerti glances down quietly in thought before she softly replies.}

Nerti:  I don't remember anything about what happened to me then...  I don't think I ever want
	to...

{The Juraian princess lifts the dark woman in white's chin and seriously corrects her.}

Tsunami:  You recognized the bonding ceremony...  Tokimi did the same to you...  You also
	remembered the techniques and philosophy by which Oniko trained you when Ayeka came here...

{The grey feline eyes widen in surprise at the goddess's knowledge of her while Tsunami
concludes.}

Tsunami:  All your torment has made you a kind woman, Nerti, but deep within you, you have the
	potential to be far more.  The battle you wage today at your love's side will reveal that
	to you and free you from that torment forever.

{The blonde woman prepares to speak when the Juraian's hand takes Nerti's gently and places the
ring forged from the goddess's Light Hawk Wing into the Pentinian's grip.  Nerti looks at the
ring in confusion while Tsunami explains.}

Tsunami:  You saw me put a bracelet like this on Ryoko's wrist.  Those shields of light that were
	floating above Ryoko were what are known as Light Hawk Wings.  Originally, they were tools
	and weapons that only my sister, myself, and those like us could use, but some chosen
	bloodlines of mortals can as well.

{The young lady looks back to the goddess, listening intently.}

Tsunami:  I used my wings to create the Jurai Keys to allow the Jurai Royal Family to further
	control the power I gave to them.  That ring, Ryoko's bracelet, and a third gem I have
	embedded in Nagi's Key were created to help those who possess the dark power to control it
	as the Jurai do through the Keys.

{The holder of the dark power shakes her head and refuses the gift humbly.}

Nerti:  I can't accept this, Lady Tsunami...  I'm just a girl from Pentinon...  not a Juraian...
	not a Ryoan...  I don't even know how to use what Tokimi gave me, let alone this ring...
	I'm not worthy of all this...

{Tsunami sighs and shakes her head.}

Tsunami:  You are so unlike your mother, Nerti.  Her pride knew no ends, but you have your
	father's humility.

{Nerti is taken aback at the reference to her true lineage.}

Nerti:  How did you...?!

{The soft skin of the goddess's finger touches against the girl's lips, silencing her questions.}

Tsunami:  Both of your parents are still part of you, Nerti, even if you deny one of them.  Never
	forget that.  The ring is yours, as is the power that resides within you.  It is your
	choice as to how to use them.

{Her finger is drawn back, allowing Nerti to nod while the black mark and white symbol fade away
from her face.  The insignia on both Tenchi and Ryoko vanish along with Nerti's when Tsunami
reminds her of her duty.}

Tsunami:  The others are waiting for you.  That is where you are needed now, not worrying whether
	or not you are worthy of the life given to you.  All are just actors given the script of
	this life, even Tokimi and myself.  However, each person can play their part as they see
	fit.

{Uneasy, the young woman nods again and replies while she slips the ring over her right ring
finger, shining brightly for a moment.}

Nerti:  I understand, Lady Tsunami...

{She somberly looks back to the Juraian princess with a heartfelt question.}

Nerti:  When this is over... can I ask you about...?

{Tsunami nods.}

Tsunami:  I will give you all the information I can about your mother, Amelia Aelins.

{Nerti smiles slightly and hopefully at the prospect.}

Nerti:  Thank you...

{She bows to the eternal being before turning to leave when Tsunami calls to her once more.}

Tsunami:  Remember also, Nerti.

{Nerti looks back to the genuine smile on the goddess's face.}

Tsunami:  The love you have for him is the same as your mother's was for your father.

{She is struck by that notion but holds her reaction within herself, answering with a simple nod
before turning into the corridor.  Once Nerti has left, Tsunami still gazes out through the
doorway, more gravely in serious thought.}

Tsunami:  That white blade symbol... It was only half of the Mark of the Negative One...  Why
	would she have only half...?

{While the goddess ponders Nerti's fate, the daughter of Aelins walks slowly through the empty
corridor, looking down at the silver ring around her finger.  Uneasy and doubtful thoughts fly
through her mind as she tries to apply reason to her situation.}

Nerti:  One of the six to challenge Tokimi herself...  I can't do that...  I can't even control
	the power inside me, let alone this ring...  I'd probably fall under her power like
	Princess Ayeka did...

{In the depths of her memory, Oniko's voice speaks to Nerti as a teacher to a student.}

Oniko:  Confidence is the wind which blows on the fire...  Too little, and the flame will fall
	silent and smolder...  Too much, and it will blow out...  You must know your limits and
	live on the peak of your skill always to improve...

{She stops in the hallway when an image appears within her consciousness of a pillared chamber
onboard Liaens's vessel from the past.  The clashing of blades echos against the stone and metal
of the room as Nerti now sees the blazing red of Oniko's fire uniform and the pearl white of her
own armor darting between the pillars.}

{On her sensei's lips, a pleased grin reflects back at the empty expression on his student as she
rams her Rho Scythe against his star spear.  The two weapons grind against each other while
Nerti's strength pushes opposite Oniko's.  Then, his joy fades into a somber silence when he
looks deep into her grey eyes, edged by Jezibel's emerald control.}

{A tear rolls down her face before the scene vanishes once more into Nerti's memory, leaving her
standing in the MiB passage with fresh tears upon her cheeks.  She closes her hand and wraps her
other hand around her fist as she pulls them to her chest.  Her head angles down slightly when a
weak yet thankful grin crosses her lips.}

Nerti:  Thank you... sensei...  I do remember...  I'm sorry...

{A gentle strength grips her shoulder, breaking her from her memory as she looks up to find the
one holding her, Will Pii.  With his visor up, she can see his brown eyes glazing back into her
feline irises with concern while his red armor reflects the dim light around them.}

Pii:  Sorry I'm late.  Nerti, are you...?

{Before he can even finish the sentence, Nerti encircles him with her arms and holds him tightly,
burying her face in his shoulder.  He places his arms around her, patting her back softly as he
whispers into her ear.}

Pii:  It's alright...  What's wrong...?

{She shakes her head before she answers him quietly.}

Nerti:  Just hold me...  Don't let go...

{His palm runs over the golden locks of her hair while his soothing words speak to her.}

Pii:  I won't...  I promise...

{The two stand together, holding one another in love's warmth, Nerti's tears dripping onto the
metal around Pii.  He eases Nerti away slightly and wipes away her tears.  He raises his hand to
softly touch her cheek as he closes the small gap between them and kisses her lips.  She closes
her eyes while the kiss envelops her, reciprocating his affection equally with her own.}

{Between them, the outside world ceases to exist when the scene fades from the isolated corridor
to Zed's briefing room high above the INS department of the complex.  Within the chamber, Zed
sits across his desk from the remaining resistance to the dark goddess's whims:  Yosho, Washu,
Kiyone, Mihoshi, Azaka, J, K, Angelbane, and Cassandra.  Although his hakama and training hide
his movements and emotions, Azaka's muscles can be seen to be tense while his gaze rageful and
angry.}

{In varied fashions, this stress is reflected in the appearance and expression of each member in
attendence.  With his arms folded, Yosho's stern gaze lays on Zed coldly while Washu's sweat-
laden brow and grease-covered clothes are a testament to her efforts.  Kiyone's arm is free of
the sling which held it as it healed, though the red visor across her eyes hides some of the
desire for revenge.  Mihoshi loyally stands at her partner's side, a similar look in her eye from
the memory of Mitsuki's death.  J and K mirror their GP counterparts', though much more visibly
anxious to act in the drumming of their fingers.  Angelbane and Cassandra stand hand in hand
silently, listening to the conversation in the room and holding back their memories on the
happenings.}

{The door opens as Pii and Nerti step inside when Zed stands from his chair and speaks with the
duo impatiently.}

Zed:  About time you two got here.

{Nerti bows apologetically and starts to explain herself.}

Nerti:  I'm sorry.  We just wanted to look in on Tenchi and Ryoko before...

{The chief agent interrupts her gruffly, to which Pii lowers his visor with a displeased
expression.}

Zed:  We don't have time for you to go off on your own to "look in on" anyone.  We have a major
	offensive to mount here, not some schoolyard spat.

{Pii steps forward preparing to release his irritated words on Zed when Yosho speaks to the old
agent, and to Pii as well.}

Yosho:  That's enough.

{All in the room turn to the rightful Juraian ruler as he looks upon the assemblage gravely.}

Yosho:  Everyone here is on edge, not only from what happened to Nagi and Kamidake, but to Ayeka
	as well.

{He turns to Nerti kindly and nods to her.}

Yosho:  I thank you for checking in on my grandson and his love, Ms Ro, but we all need you now.
	They will be alright for the time being.

{She bows respectfully to the prince as she replies.}

Nerti:  I understand, sir.

{He glances to Pii and addresses him next.}

Yosho:  And, thank you as well, Mr Pii for your friendship with Tenchi, but you should keep
	yourself calm.  We don't have time for fighting amongst ourselves.

{The young Terran nods with a sigh, realizing the wisdom in the royal's words.}

Pii:  Yes, sir.

{Then, the Juraian turns to Zed with a mild glare in his eyes towards the MiB leader.}

Yosho:  As for you, I realize that the secret of your organization is now gone, but even you
	don't have the privilege to take that anger out on any of us.  No one could have foreseen
	any of this happening, not even you.

{Displeasure crosses Zed's face in reaction to Yosho's scolding, though he is answer is silence
as he knows the truth of the prince's statements.  The Juraian then faces the rest of the group
and questions them.}

Yosho:  Are all of you ready and know your objectives?

{Kiyone and Mihoshi nod in reply, determined and focused, the flightsuits unable to hide their
want of vengeance.}

Kiyone:  Mihoshi and I are with J and K in Yagami and Mitsuki's ship, drawing Tokimi's attention
	away from Funaho.

{J agrees, as does K, in the same demeanor as their GP colleagues behind their black and white
combat uniforms.}

J:  Yeah, GP and MiB have a score to settle with her.

K:  Right.

{Azaka does not lift his gaze from the ground as he continues, the stress in his voice enough to
demonstrate his inner turmoil.}

Azaka:  While you, Lord Yosho, command Funaho, I will focus my energy to attack the dark
	goddess... as we did before.

{Yosho places his hand on Azaka's shoulder supportively, drawing the knight's attention to the
prince's solemn expression of empathy.  He whispers quietly as to not allow others to hear his
words}

Yosho:  Both Kamidake and Nagi are strong...  They will survive...  Don't lose your focus for
	their sakes...

{The blue knight nods slowly while he grimaces to hold back his vengeful desire for his partner's
and Nagi's injuries.  Washu wipes her forehead with the sleeve of her ruffed shirt beneath the
violet overshirt and adds her part in this plan.}

Washu:  While all of you keep her busy, I'll target the Jurai Cannon and await your signal to
	fire.  I've been tweeking what I could on the cannon itself to improve the power output,
	but there's nothing more that can be physically changed to generate more force.  Again,
	this beam won't finish her in one shot, but it should weaken her substantially and give you
	a window of opportunity.

{She turns to Pii and Nerti as the young Terran continues.}

Pii:  That's where Nerti and I come in.  We took the anti-NVO powercells from some of the weapon
	systems on the ships, mainly Caroki, to design a energy field to hold Tokimi prisoner until
	we can decide what to do with her.

{The young blonde woman enters and concludes the scheme.}

Nerti:  Hopefully, we can do as Lady Tsunami said and simply irradiate Ryoshu's body with Jurai
	Power to exorcise Tokimi.  Otherwise, her physical body must be completely destroyed.

{Yosho nods.}

Yosho:  Given the circumstances, either would be preferable to what would await us if she
	survived, and I believe both Ryoko and Nagi would agree that this has to be done.

{The attendants concur with him before he turns to Angelbane and speaks with him.}

Yosho:  And, if this fails...

{The eternal man quietly responds gravely to the question.}

Angelbane:  I'll intervene to challenge the weakened goddess myself.

{The prince turns to the others with a little more confidence.}

Yosho:  Let's make sure it doesn't come to that.  We haven't time to lose.  Tokimi should still
	be feeling the effects of her duel with Nagi and Kamidake.  If we act fast, we might have a
	better chance.

{J yells out and punches his fist into the air.}

J:  Then, let's go kick her ass!!

{A cry of battle arises from the group while Angelbane watches them, seemingly apart from the
situation.  His thoughts consume him as he looks at the people around him until his gaze comes to
rest on Pii and Nerti, hand in hand and set on their mission.  His previous stern words to the
young Terran float through his mind while he thinks about the near future.}

Angelbane:  One day, you will understand...  After you've suffered the losses and pain that we
	have, Will, then you will understand what I'm saying to you now.  Your youth and passion
	have always been a strength for you, but they can be blinders to you.  I fear you might
	realize this all too soon.

{He sighs as his whisper reiterates this fact.}

Angelbane:  Far too soon...

End Scene 1

Scene 2

{Silence fills the streets of Manhattan as the wind billows between the steel and glass giants
standing stoically on their foundations.  Sheets of paper and leaves are swept by those breezes
into the air and around abandoned vehicles and lightpoles   Within its tomb of the rubble from
the Twin Towers, the Jurai ship Ryu-Oh rests motionless when a figure appears on its bow.  The
robes of crimson and obsidian billow in the winds while her streamer crown and white ribbon
around her shoulders flap from the presence they surround, unaffected by the true breeze.
Ryoshu-Tokimi gazes out into the distance before her eyes narrow with a slight grin on her face.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Lambs to the slaughter...

{To her, the magnification of the scene rapidly increases until she can see the four ships
approaching her location.  Funaho leads its allies, Caroki flanked on either side by Yagami and
Mitsuki's patrolship.  Her vision then zooms directly onto Caroki and even passes through the
hull and canopy of the vessel to come to rest directly on Nerti Ro's face.  Unaware of the enemy
watching her, Nerti looks at her hands in her lap, fingering the ring given to her by Tsunami.
The possessed Ryoan's slight smile fades at the sight of the ring while her voice has lost some
of its amusement.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  So, Sister... have you chosen to attempt an alteration of fate...?

{The goddess closes her eyes and levitates from Ryu-Oh until she stops in the air at a comparable
altitude to the incoming vessels.  She opens her hands palm up, exposing viciously the regal
claws of her gauntlets.  Her right hand then sparks with black lightning at her unspoken command,
focusing that energy into a single sphere.  That hand suddenly grasps the ball of power, molding
it into the goddess's black broadsword.  Her eyes open coldly, remorselessly, the same as her
words.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  I will play your game for now...  Then, I will take what is mine...  and bring
	annihilation to your farcical scheme to replace me...

{Her posture straightens into a passive aerial stance while the scene changes to Nerti, still
gazing  at the crimson gem of the ring upon her finger.  The golden-haired woman's thoughts
repeat the words of the Jurai goddess while Nerti's far younger mind tries to apply logic to
them.}

Tsunami:  You are so unlike your mother, Nerti.  Her pride knew no ends, but you have your
	father's humility...  The love you have for him is the same as your mother's for your
	father...

{Her eyes close when Pii's voice enters her mind and asserts words similar to Tsunami's.}

Pii:  You're the daughter of the man who saved my life...  I once told you that you had his
	eyes... his strength...  You still do and always will...  She also saved his life... and
	the lives of his unit...  She was a great woman...  You should be proud of that...

{Nerti's hands close into tight fists while her emotions twist and contort within her soul,
drawing Pii's attention from the console before him.  The black visor, lit with heads-up displays
(HUDs), dims and folds away from his brown eyes as he turns to her.  Even though her eyes are
shaded by the bangs of her hair and the dimness of the lighting, he sees tears rolling down her
cheeks.  After tapping a few keys on the controls to switch the craft to autopilot, he releases
the machine and leans back into the seat of the ship with a sigh.  His voice is soft, but it
still startles her.}

Pii:  I'm sorry, Nerti...

{Her head rises, allowing light to reflect from her grey eyes as she looks towards him when he
continues.  He gazes at the ceiling of the ship, remembering somberly the path they have traveled
together.}

Pii:  I had dreamed of taking you on an adventure...

{He scoffs with a wry smile as he folds his arms.}

Pii:  I guess I shouldn't have wished so hard...  Fate's funny that way...  Flying into battle
	against a goddess in my mentor's ship with his daughter...  What would he say to that...?

{She smiles gently and angles her head to the side as she answers his question.}

Nerti:  Dad would be cheering us on... if not sitting in the gunner's seat at your side...  You
	know that better than I do...

{He looks over at her with a smile as his hands now wipe away the saline from her cheeks.}

Pii:  Yeah... like you now...

{Her hands relax and wrap around his softly with a nod.}

Nerti:  I know...  He is a part of me... but his spirit is in you...

{Their eyes close when a red light starts to flash in the cockpit, drawing them away from one
another and back to the mission.  They hear the communication system start to speak the voices of
the other crews.  This hardens Pii's features as he pulls away from her and refocuses his sight
on the ship while the visor lowers over his eyes once more.}

Pii:  Time to go to work.

{Nerti's hand cringes some and nods as she turns to the weapons system before her when she feels
a pressure on her hand.  She glances down to see Pii's hand around hers, squeezing gently in
reassurance.  Her eyes rise to his face which bears a small, content grin for her.  She grips him
back with a loving expression before they release each other and respond to the calls from the
other ships.  Before them, communication windows open to each of the three other ships:  Yosho on
Funaho, Kiyone on Yagami, and J on Mitsuki's vessel.  Pii glances over their grave faces as
Kiyone speaks.}

Kiyone:  We've sighted Tokimi over Ryu-Oh.

{Another window opens before Pii and Nerti of the Ryoan hovering over the fallen Jurai vessel.  J
frowns at the sight with distaste in his voice.}

J:  She's just floating there...

{Yosho glares coldly.}

Yosho:  She knows we're coming.

Pii:  Little point in pretending we have surprise then.

{Yosho nods as the scene changes to Funaho's bridge where he stands facing three communication
windows to the other ships.  Close at hand, Azaka holds his staff before him while Yosho calls
orders to the three ships.}

Yosho:  Caroki, hold back while Funaho takes the frontal assault.  Yagami and...

{J's voice corrects vehemently.}

J:  Just call us "Mitsuki", sir.

{Yosho nods.}

Yosho:  Both of you keep yourselves fast to avoid her.  In the atmosphere, all of our ships will
	be slower than in space, but try to draw as much of her attention as you can.

Kiyone & J:  Roger that.

{With that, the pilots before the prince each turn to their vessel and sets themselves while he
himself looks over to Azaka and nods to the knight.  Without a word, Azaka raises his staff
parallel to the ground as a blue aura surrounds him and the staff.  The Juraian prince turns to
face forward and allow his gaze to burn toward the goddess on the monitor before him.  He extends
his hand holding the Tenchiken hilt.  He releases the Key to levitate before him with a strong
azure energy surrounding it.  His eyes close while the exterior weapon systems arm themselves at
his unspoken command.}

{Outside, Yagami and the newly-named Mitsuki accelerate ahead of the other ships before Funaho
joins them.  Caroki holds back while the dark goddess also seems to not change stance or position
from the aggression of the three starships.  Funaho sets itself directly before Ryoshu-Tokimi
while Yagami and Mitsuki flank the woman on either side from behind.  Yosho's voice calls to the
goddess over an external speaker system, calling for her surrender.}

Yosho:  Goddess Tokimi, sister of Goddess Tsunami, this is Jurai Yosho of the Planet Jurai.  On
	behalf of Earth and all those you've killed in your attacks and schemes, I ask you once and
	only once.  Will you surrender?

{Winds billow the possessed Ryoan's dress and hair as her head shakes without breaking eye
contact with Funaho's bridge.  In silence, she raises her blade to her side and sets herself into
a measuring stance.  On Funaho's bridge, Yosho's eyes pop open when he calls to Azaka hastily.}

Yosho:  Now, Azaka!

{Almost at Yosho's command, Ryoshu-Tokimi jets forward at Funaho's hull with her blade aimed at
the bridge.  However, Funaho accelerates vertically while a sphere of blue energy appears just
outside of the vessel.  That ball of power explodes into a beam directed at the goddess, followed
by the weapon discharges of Funaho's own armament.  The woman vanishes in the explosion from the
rain of destruction when the two GP patrolships move forward toward the commotion.  From the
cloud of the blast, Ryoshu-Tokimi emerges uninjured and wielding her blade at Yagami and Mitsuki.
Kiyone and J both quickly change course to turn away from the incoming entity.  Yet, the
possessed Ryoan follows after Mitsuki.}

{Inside that patrolship, J and K anxiously watch the being approach their hull when a discharge
of Jurai Power flares between the ship and the enemy.  Ryoshu-Tokimi looks back to see Funaho
closing fast while Mitsuki accelerates away from her.  She gazes coldly at the Jurai ship before
darting upward to see Yagami floating overhead, firing mercilessly.  She centers herself among
the volley and throws her sword at the GP ship when it is shot away by an azure Jurai charge.
Funaho's weaponry fires perpendicular to Yagami's, but the goddess simply grins to herself and
teleports away before impact.}

{Aboard Yagami, Kiyone and Mihoshi dart their gazes from screen to screen looking for the dark
goddess when a thud is heard from the hull.  Around the duo, alarms and caution signs appear
indicating damage to the exterior hull.  Mihoshi screams while Kiyone turns to the communication
windows to the other ships and calls for aid.}

Kiyone:  She's on Yagami's hull!

{J acknowledges.}

J:  On it, Kiyo!

{Mitsuki rockets towards Yagami while on Mitsuki's bridge, K focuses his eyes directly on the
glimmering reticle highlighting Ryoshu-Tokimi's presence on Yagami's hull.  The goddess stands in
a deep gash and crater in Yagami's hull without a mark on her gown.  J adjusts their flightpath
to come in behind the other patrolship when he calls to K.}

J:  Frag her!

K:  Roger that!

{K slams his fingers into the console's buttons, igniting a green and white beam of energy
towards Ryoshu-Tokimi.  She glances back and vanishes from the ship's hull as the precision beam
shoots past Yagami without impacting the ship.  Mihoshi thanks the MiB agents as the two ships
separate again.}

Mihoshi:  Thanks, guys!

J:  No problem, but where'd she go now?

{After those words are spoken, Mitsuki is rocked by an impact of black fire on its starboard
side.  Smoke billows from the resulting hole when attention is turned to Ryoshu-Tokimi floating
in space, summoning crimson and obsidian power in both hands.  Then, a volley of shots rains on
her followed by an azure beam, which hits the shield surrounding the eternal woman.  She looks
over her shoulder to see Funaho attacking while within the ship, Yosho glares at her.}

Yosho:  You may be a goddess, but I don't believe you are invincible.

{Ryoshu-Tokimi nods as if she heard his words when her shield is buckled from behind by the
weapons of the two GP ships.  She looks back at the two ships and analyzes the situation when
Pii's voice is heard on the communication windows.}

Pii:  She's all yours, professor.

{Washu replies with some vengeance in her own voice.}

Washu:  With pleasure.

{As the sun sets on the western horizon, a bright light shines to one side of the sun itself from
the direction of Japan.  In the clearing behind MiB HQ, Washu sits within the firing chair of the
Jurai Cannon, her hands firmly holding the arming controls.  The cables running from within the
fake Triborough building fill with a shimmering blue light, pumping that power into the cannon.}

{On the targetting screens before her, Ryoshu-Tokimi floats in the crossfire provided by Funaho
and the two GP ships.  Three triangulating laser sights are focused directly on the dark goddess
while a bar graph next to the image rapidly rises until it peaks just over the top of the graph's
limits, sounding caution alarms.  Washu nods a bit and clicks the firing switch.}

{The front of the reengineered dimensional cannon explodes with a wide, coherent beam of pure
Jurai energy that enters the air and slightly arcs in its path.  The beam reaches the ships and
flies directly for Ryoshu-Tokimi, who glances at the light and grins slightly.  The artificial
Jurai Power impacts its target, sending shockwaves outward to rattle all four ships.  Each ship
ceases fire as Caroki now flies up parallel to the beam with Pii's voice heard on the
communication channel.}

Pii:  We'll deploy the shield.  Be prepared to cease fire, professor.

Washu:  Understood.

{Within Caroki, Pii and Nerti both are set on their objective, though each has a gleeful air of
victory.  However, when they reach the impact point, the image before them terrifies them and all
the others viewing their telemetry.  Yosho and Azaka gasp while the GP and MiB personnel are
taken aback at the sight.}

{On Caroki's monitors and telemetry, Ryoshu-Tokimi can be seen completely unharmed behind a
single, open Light Hawk Wing, which blocks the entirity of the Jurai Cannon's output easily.  The
possessed Ryoan is smiling with her hand outstretched to the wing when a chill shoots through
Nerti's spine as her fearfilled voice draws out the name of the energy form.}

Nerti:  A Light Hawk Wing...!!

{Washu is shocked by the image but soon rouses herself from that state.  The energy graph has
fallen substantially and continues to decrease before her hand reaches to the side of the chair
and pulls a piston control upward to its fullest.  She eyes monitors nervously as the cables
feeding the cannon now literally ignite into blue flame while the power graph skyrockets upward
again.  The machine itself starts to spark with azure lightning when the doctor calls to the two
students.}

Washu:  Deploy the shield now!!

{Quickly, Washu rolls out of the seat and levitates from the ground to dart through the air into
the MiB building as gaskets and pressure devices on the cannon burst, releasing coolant and
heated plasma.  The energy beam changes to a blinding white as the Light Hawk Wing is hit with
the pulse of higher energy.  The wing is moved back a few centimeters while Ryoshu-Tokimi simply
shakes her head with some regret in her voice.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  You have passion, Hakubi Washu...  You would have made a superior servant for my
	cause...

{From below, Caroki halts under the dark goddess as the rear section of the craft splits and
opens to reveal a dish antenna.  In the cockpit, Pii and Nerti both silently and cautiously watch
Ryoshu-Tokimi holding the Jurai Cannon off as the blonde student keys in commands to the ship.
The dish then extends a white, spherical field around the possessed woman, pulling her attention
away from the wing.}

{In the distance, an explosion rocks Manhattan as its shockwave ripples under the island, shaking
buildings and causing some structures to collapse under their own weight.  Where the Jurai Cannon
stood, ashes and torn soil remain as well as a plume of white-hot gases cooling in the air.}

{The brilliant beam vanishes as does the Light Hawk Wing while Ryoshu-Tokimi eyes the shield
around her.  She frowns slightly as she raises her hand to the field and extends her regal claws.
The violet gauntlet jabs through the energy surrounding her, igniting a shower of red and blue
sparks before she swipes those blades down and to her side.  The shield flickers and fades away
when Azaka's cobalt blue beam rams into an unseen field around the possessed Ryoan.  Her
expression turns to irritation as a sphere of black and red power manifests at her side while she
coldly calls to the Juraian vessel.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  I respect your request for surrender, Jurai Yosho.  However, I care not for such
	kindness.

{The darkness at her side shoots towards Funaho, elongating into a spear shape.  The spear
pierces the invisible shield around Funaho, leaving a small crimson hole before continuing to
smash through the ship's hull.  On the ship's bridge, the black energy shoots through the floor
at Yosho's side and embeds itself within the central tree.  The NVO energy then melts into a
fluid state and shrouds the tree in an obsidian coating.  The native Jurai Power within the
foliage sparks with blue while the oily shadow assaults it with red.  Yosho and Azaka spin around
to witness this while the various systems of the ship start to fail.  The floor tilts as Funaho
loses balance and starts to fall from the sky.  Yosho grabs the Tenchiken from the air when he
and Azaka grab onto the edges of the wall reliefs.}

{Ryoshu-Tokimi watches the Jurai ship descend when Yagami and Mitsuki open fire with results
similar to Azaka's attack.  Ryoshu-Tokimi does not even look their direction as a black
broadsword materializes next to each ship and rams deep into the respective engine section.  The
weapon fire stops as the two ships begin to drop from the air while the bridges of both ships are
filled alarms and ruddy lights, as well as the screams of their occupants.}

{The dark goddess turns to the remaining Pentinian fighter as its weapons come to bear on her.
With a pleased grin on her face, she summons her black blade to her side while underneath the
ship's canopy, Nerti's eyes slam tightly shut as she claws at the vessel's interior.  Pii spins
to the blonde girl in horror as he reaches for her, calling her name.}

Pii:  Nerti!!  What's wrong?!

{Her left arm swings up and hits Pii hands away while her body calms.  Nerti faces her companion
and opens her eyes, which have become not only bloody red but surrounded by a cobalt blue,
identical to Ryoshu-Tokimi's eyes.  The black mark of her dark energy grows into place across the
right side of her face.  His body suddenly goes ice cold in her gaze when the dull impact of the
three other ships against the ground is heard outside.  The fingers of her right hand dance
across the keys around her, causing the canopy to open and the controls around her to retract.
An obsidian and crimson aura appears around her as she levitates from the ship when Pii's voice
sounds almost in disbelief.}

Pii:  No...

{Nerti floats before Ryoshu-Tokimi when Pii's tone turns to anger as he bares his teeth and jumps
to his feet in the ship.}

Pii:  No!!

{The aura around Nerti fades away as she extends her arms willingly while Ryoshu-Tokimi draws
back her broadsword and aims it at the girl's heart.  With barely a movement, Pii's laser cannon
extends on his right gauntlet and is swung up to fire.  The beam ricochets off a shield around
the goddess, even as he twists his grip to increase the intensity.  Ryoshu-Tokimi turns her gaze
to the young Terran futily attacking her when her mind recalls the words of Achi's prophecy.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  "He is not born of this world or the next, but of one untied to the Jurai in
	anyway...  This boy of polar power and his beloved will be chosen by the Mother and Source
	of all the Darkness to be her chosen warriors for a new age... but he will become the first
	to defy her..."  Finally... the Negative One...

{The possessed Ryoan lowers her sword while Nerti drops her arms and turns to Pii as she draws
her scythe in a ready position.  She floats down before Caroki's bow and glares coldly at Pii
when he ceases fire and takes a step towards her.  She takes a swipe at him, stopping him as he
now calls to her directly.}

Pii:  Nerti...!!  Wake up...!!  I know you can still hear me...!!  Fight her out of your
	head...!!

{At those words, Ryoshu-Tokimi shakes her head at the boy as she corrects him.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  No, she cannnot.

{Pii looks up to the eternal being when his anger starts to rise deep within him from the
hardness of his gaze and the tension in his form.  The goddess begins to explain.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  From the moment she came into this life, she was mine.  Only if I had created her
	myself would she be tied more intimately to me.

{Pii bares his teeth and curses her.}

Pii:  Bullshit!!  I know about Aelins and Major Ro!  Nerti's life has nothing to do with you!!

{Ryoshu-Tokimi raises an eyebrow with a slight grin on her face.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Are you so sure...?  Do you really believe that Amelia Aelins as a simple
	mercenary and nothing more...?  Have you ever wondered why a Proran native was on a useless
	world like Pentinon... or why she was so expertly skilled...?

{Her grin grows a vile, pleased smile.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Or why her very image was hung on Liaens's wall...?

{Pii is taken aback as his memory recalls Liaens's chambers, filled with columns and a beautiful
balcony.  Amongst the works of great artisans upon the walls, one painting hangs at the top of
the balcony, one of a blonde woman with blue eyes with cross-pupils.  That image fades to Nerti's
face in uncanny similarity that uneasily silences Pii as the goddess continues.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Terra Amelia Aelins was the daughter of my high priest on Prora 2718 and her
	father's hope to succeed his position.  She was a skilled prodigy in the art of the kaiser
	blades, but I did not care about these, even though they made her my most prized warrior.

{While Ryoshu-Tokimi speaks of Nerti's lineage, activity goes unnoticed at the three fallen
ships.  Within the broken panels and frayed wires of Yagami's bridge, Kiyone's blue eyes open and
look over to Mihoshi's unconscious face, crossed with streaks of blood from a mild injury beneath
her blonde locks.  Through some pain, the teal-tressed woman unclips herself from her seat and
stands at Mihoshi's side.  She gently unbuckles her partner and taps her cheek to rouse her from
the dreamless slumber.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  I only cared about the blood in her veins, the same blood that defeated Jezibel
	Kimitan's ancestors before Liaens was even born, the blood of the Aelins family.

{On Mitsuki's bridge, J and K step through the fallen debris from the ship's crash as they reach
the closed doors behind the seats.  The two men grip the doors and start to pull the sealed doors
apart while the superficial cuts on their bodies bleed and stain their uniforms.  Sweat rolls
down into K's eyes before he wipes it away, catching a glimpse of J.  The young agent blinks and
then looks straight into J's eyes as the man now nods confidently to the rookie.  The door gives
way to the remaining ship's interior.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Daughters of that lineage have the potential to have not only the power of their
	brothers, like Liaens, and resistance to Kimitan control, but to surpass them with a golden
	energy and calm of control.  I wanted incorporate those attributes into myself.

{Within Yagami, Kiyone and Mihoshi both reach the ship's cargo bay where two battle armed mech-
suits stand.  The two GP officers both take a breath and enter the chamber while on Mitsuki, K
stands at J's side as he heaves himself into a mech-suit much like the two on Yagami.  The suit
closes around him when K gives him the thumbs-up.  With Caroki, Pii stands silently as he looks
down from Ryoshu-Tokimi to Nerti as the goddess finishes her story.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  That is why I sent Amelia Aelins to Pentinon.  She was to be the mother of my
	avatar, the perfect body for my presence.  I chose the Pentinian people for the sheer
	reason that its people are similar to the Ryoans.  Had history been different, I would have
	been the goddess of Pentinon and not Ryua.  Rente Ro himself happened to be the most
	vulnerable of the group.

{He shakes his head and denies the facts, his gaze never leaving Nerti's eyes.}

Pii:  No... that can't be true...  She isn't...  She is nothing like you...  She never was...

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  That does not matter.  Her mother bore her for me.

{Pii yells up to the goddess.}

Pii:  Then, why did Liaens have to come and get her?!  Why was she allowed to know a normal life
	before you tried to take her away from it?!

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Her mother ran away before she gave birth because she did not want her offspring
	to die.  When I take over a vessel, it must have no soul and no life of its own, like
	Ryoshu.  To become one with Aelins's child, I would have to kill that child.  For her
	treachery, Amelia Aelins executed by my new favorite, Jezibel Kimitan.

{The weapon on Pii's right hand retracts as he seats himself in the pilot's chair of Caroki
again, gazing at the controls in thought.}

Pii:  You have to kill Nerti... to take over her body...

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Yes, and I must eliminate you as well.

{His sight looks over the ship until a picture taped on the console catches his eye, one of Nerti
and her father Rente.  He holds his daughter on his shoulders, the two of them smiling brightly
with the green grass and blue sky of Pentinon as a backdrop.  Pii asks the goddess.}

Pii:  Why me...?

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  You are the sixth one prophesied by Jurai Achi to defeat me here on Earth.  As
	such, you cannot live.  To that end, I have postponed the girl's death that she might
	demonstrate her skill in murdering you.

{He does not even pay the eternal being attention as he sighs looking at the picture when Rente's
voice enters his mind.}

Rente:  Look, Will Pii.  I've known you since you were a little boy.  You've become a fine young
	man, and I know Nerti cares for you more than anyone else.  It's the truth, Will.  There's
	no one who makes Nerti feel as safe as she does around you.  That's something which is very
	rare.

{Nerti's father laughs to himself before he continues.}

Rente:  So easily distracted.  Maybe one day you'll learn a Z-10's transformational ability...

{The words "tranformational ability" echo in Pii's memory as he glances up to the goddess and
Nerti before him.  With a slight movement, he grabs the controls of the ship, and the canopy
closes while the vessel floats backward away from the goddess and her chosen avatar.  Caroki then
begins to fold and bend along previously unknown joints as it changes into a mobile suit style of
mecha.  Its fists flex their fingers for the first time in three years while the primary camera
on its head locks onto Nerti, and then Ryoshu-Tokimi.  The goddess laughs at the transformation.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Do you really believe that such a mechanical augmentation can possibly harm me,
	let alone save your precious one?

{Caroki reaches to a pistol grip on its shin and draws a pump-action beam cannon while Pii's
voice retorts the possessed Ryoan.}

Pii:  Even you have to have a limit, and I won't stop until I find it.

{Nerti sets herself to strike while her master shakes her head and issues her opinion of the
boy's passion.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Romantic fool.

{From the ground, three figures fly up before Caroki as Kiyone's voice rebukes the goddess.}

Kiyone:  Aren't we all?

{Between Caroki and Ryoshu-Tokimi, three GP mech-suits float ready to initiate combat, piloted by
Kiyone, Mihoshi, and J.  Each of the police members glare at the goddess when Pii calls to the
three of them.}

Pii:  This is my fight.  Leave while you can.

{J shakes his head and replies.}

J:  This fight belongs to all of us.

Kiyone:  We'll keep Nerti busy.  You get Tokimi.  Alright?

{Pii takes a breath and sighs hard before he requests one matter of Kiyone.}

Pii:  Kiyone...  don't hurt her...

{Kiyone simply nods.}

Kiyone:  We won't...  I promise...

Mihoshi:  Don't worry about her.  Just defeat Tokimi.

{Pii glares at the Ryoshu-Tokimi once more and takes a slow breath.}

Pii:  Understood.

{Caroki suddenly inverts and shoots down toward Earth, causing Nerti to dart after him.  However,
Kiyone and J follow while Mihoshi takes careful aim at the Rho Scythe in Nerti's hand.  Caroki
then momentarily vanishes from sight, confusing Nerti and causing her to slow enough for Kiyone
and J to overtake her.  A shimmer behind the two GP suits reveals Caroki decloaking behind them
and rocketing for the dark goddess.}

{Nerti spins around to Kiyone and J when the two open fire with their arm Gatling cannons, aimed
directly for her scythe's grip.  She lowers the weapon slightly, allowing the shots to push the
bladed side down and towards her.  With a single swipe, she cuts through the adamantine shells
surrounding the uniformed duo, exposing their clothing without cutting the flesh of either.
However, the girl then jabs the blunt end of the weapon into Kiyone's abdomen before spinning
quickly to gain force to push her pole into J's rib and shatter the bone.  The MiB agent starts
to descend, unable to control the mecha through his pain while Kiyone recovers slowly from the
gutshot.  As she checks on J, Nerti shoots upward after Caroki when Mihoshi now opens fire.}

{The Pentinian suit charges its weapon and fires on the dark goddess, the Jurai energy of the
blast ripping through the NVO shield she hides within.  However, the eternal woman dodges the
shot easily with some disgust seen through her icy gaze.  As Mihoshi fires, Nerti twirls her pole
and easily deflects the shots away from impact.    The blonde GP officer darts to the side as
Nerti rushes past her when the mechanical hand grabs the white boot of the controlled girl.
Nerti looks back while Caroki pumps its weapon to exchange fuses and quickly recharge for another
shot.  The scythe blade swings at Mihoshi's hand and slices through the Gatling cannon attached
to it, but does not touch Mihoshi's skin.  The GP officer screams but then looks in surprise that
Nerti did not harm her at all.}

{Caroki fires again when Ryoshu-Tokimi blocks with her Light Hawk Wing this time without even a
flinch at the incoming shot.  Her gaze shoots to Nerti whose body stiffens at the goddess's
command.  Nerti's left hand sparks with black energy as an energy broadsword manifests at her
side.  Shots ricochet off a shield surrounding Nerti as Kiyone flies towards her at top speed.
Caroki replaces its fuses when Nerti uses her free leg to kick Mihoshi's mechanical grip loose
before darting at Kiyone and thrusting her sword through the officer's left shoulder, and the
fuel reserve of the suit.  The GP officer yells in pain when her blonde partner turns to her and
goes to her side to help her descend.}

{Meanwhile, Caroki circles Ryoshu-Tokimi looking for a way around the Light Hawk Wing that
matches his targetting position exactly as he moves when the hand holding the weapon is cut off.
The main camera turns to see Nerti floating up before him with her scythe and sword crossed over
her chest.  Pii's voice softly speaks her name when the gun thuds against the ground below.}

Pii:  Nerti...!

{Caroki backs away from the blonde girl as its left hand raises to a scabbard that extends from
the dorsal side of the machine.  She charges the mechanical warrior and slices across its chest
with her scythe before jabbing the dark sword deep into the armor.  Pii rocks his head to the
side just as the blade trims some of his hairs short when it enters the cockpit.  Holding her
obsidian blade in place, Nerti's scythe carves through the plates of Caroki's chest area while
Pii twists himself inside to avoid the recurved weapon.  When her stroke completes, the armor
falls away, revealing Pii surrounded by Caroki's controls.  He grits his teeth as she pulls the
black sword free and readies to strike when he rapidly pulls a handle at his seat's side.}

{The equipment around him jetisons itself while he kicks out of the craft, his metal wings
extending with his personal armor's engines firing to hold him in the air again.  The Caroki
mecha cuts its engines and falls directly down, aside from the other three fallen ships.  Pii's
soft gaze never leaves Nerti's as he draws his sword and spreads the plate buckler on his left
forearm.  He shakes his head while speaking to Nerti herself.}

Pii:  You're still Nerti Ro...  You're still the girl I love...  I know you remember what I said
	to you...

{Nerti's eyes blink as her face becomes confused while images of herself in a gorgeous gown
ripple through her soul.  She can also see Pii at her side holding her hand gently and close to
himself in a white dress suit of his own.  The memory fades while Pii nods with some success seen
in his expression.}

Pii:  Come on...!  Remember that you're not her...!!  You're not her tool...!!

{The confusion in Nerti's face is replaced by pain when Ryoshu-Tokimi scolds Pii for his
interference.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Silence yourself, lest you desire to see her last few moments of life in torment.

{Pii spins toward the goddess and yells ragefully up to her, brandishing his sword.}

Pii:  She isn't your toy, you sadistic bitch!!

{He then spins to his side and blocks Nerti's scythe blade against his sword and shield.  He
watches her cold eyes focus directly on him remorselessly when the dark being above them corrects
him.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  You are right.  She is your angel of death.

{Pii tightens his grip on his sword when he breaks away from Nerti, and she follows closely after
him.  On the ground below the battle, the three GP mech-suits kneel with the young agent K
dashing toward them from the Mitsuki.  Mihoshi's armor opens as she quickly pulls herself out and
goes to Kiyone's suit and accesses its back panel to open it.  K reaches J's side and does
likewise when he hears the elder agent's groans of pain from winthin.  Mihoshi first sees the
exit wound on Kiyone's back as she eases her partner out from the metal shell and into her arms.
The teal officer's blood stains her uniform while she regains her footing outside the armor.
Mihoshi worriedly questions her condition.}

Mihoshi:  Are you alright, Kiyone?  That cut looks...

{Kiyone shakes her head with more strength than Mihoshi had anticipated.}

Kiyone:  I'm alright, Mihoshi...  She wasn't trying to kill us...

Mihoshi:  You could have fooled me!

{J's voice calls to Mihoshi.}

J:  Kiyo's right...

{Mihoshi glances to J who is supported by K as the two MiB approach their GP counterparts.}

J:  Nerti had the skill and the opportunity to kill us whenever she wanted, but she didn't do it.

{K looks over to J in question.}

K:  You mean Nerti's still inside there?

J:  Yeah, I think so.

{Kiyone looks up toward Pii and Nerti's fight in the sky.}

Kiyone:  But, I don't know how long she'll last with Tokimi controlling her like that.

Mihoshi:  Is there anything we can do?  I mean you and J are...

J:  My rib's broken.  I can't go back up there like this...

{J coughs as a trickle of blood rolls down from the corner of his mouth when Kiyone glances at
her own wound.}

Kiyone:  My shoulder's shot, just like my power armor.  Also, that was just Nerti fighting us.
	Tokimi barely moved.  If she became involved, we wouldn't survive.

K:  What about Pii and Nerti up there?  We can't just leave them to kill each other!

{A wise voice calls from behind them, Yosho's voice.}

Yosho:  No, we can't.

{The MiB and GP personnel turn to see Yosho and Azaka slowly walk to join the group.  The Juraian
prince has some scrapes and tears across his priest's garb while he bears a few bruises and cuts
from the crash.  The knight at his side seems in similar condition while the blue staff Key is
undamaged from the ordeal.  The Juraian royal looks across the faces of the group gravely before
he softly, and regretfully, speaks his plan.}

Yosho:  However, there is little any of us can do against this enemy.

{All of the MiB and GP are taken aback in shock by Yosho's words of defeat before Azaka steps
forward and explains.}

Azaka:  As much as I desire to see my own retribution on the dark goddess, I must agree with Lord
	Yosho.  We are too few and without the weapons to fight her.

Yosho:  Remember that Lord duSoleil is set to attack in the event of our attack's failure.  He
	should intervene shortly to rescue both Will Pii and Nerti Ro.  Then, we can regroup and
	plan...

{Yosho is cut short as they hear Pii's scream above and turn to witness the events in the air.
Nerti's scythe drips with fresh blood once more as she coldly watches Pii from a short distance.
Pii holds his left arm difficultly with his right hand which also holds his sword while his blood
runs down the appendage's length.  Ryoshu-Tokimi drops down to Nerti's side and scolds Pii.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  You are still attempting to attack me and not Nerti.  You still believe that she
	is the girl you knew.  I had known Terrans to be a naturally foolish race, but you have
	shown your species to be far more moronic than I had imagined.

{Pii breathes through his teeth in an attempt to ignore the pain when he activates the dart
launcher on his left gauntlet to fire a dart at the goddess's face.  However, Nerti's scythe
scoops up and deflects the dart before it even comes into contact with the goddess's unseen
shield.  She shakes her head and continues in her belittling tone.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Even when I bestowed my dark power upon you, you are neither moved by my presence
	nor able to ignite the dark fire within your body like Nerti has.  It seems I have the
	experiment's results before me.  Terrans are immune to the controlling aspect of my power.
	That is why Masaki Achika and Masaki Tenchi escaped my influence, through their Terran
	blood.

{Nerti shifts into another combative stance at the goddess's unspoken order.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  You are no longer necessary, William Pii.  The sixth Warrior of that wretched
	prophecy shall die in you.

{As she speaks these words, Nerti's eyes well with tears that roll down her cheeks, which Pii
sees and blinks in surprise.  She rushes him and stops just before him, grimacing as she forces
her head up to face him.  On her forehead, the white blade appears while the crimson gem on her
ring glows brightly.  Her words are spoken difficultly as she resists her commands.}

Nerti:  I'm sorry... my love...!!

{Ryoshu-Tokimi glares at the blonde girl with some surprise seen in her expression now.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  She is... resisting me...?!

{Pii shakes his head and reaches for her while lowering his sword.}

Pii:  No... it'll be alright...

{The daughter of Aelins shakes her head with a gentle smile.}

Nerti:  Live a good life for me... Will Pii...

{With those words, Nerti sweeps her scythe around Pii's sword and takes it in his hands encircled
by hers.  She places the tip of the blade against her chest and takes another gaze into Pii's
eyes as time slows for the two of them.  Soundlessly, she pushes herself forward while Pii can
only react in horror when the darkness fades from her face along with the white blade.  Her eyes
close gently while the hairtie of her golden hair snaps loudly and falls onto her shoulder,
freeing the golden hair to fall across her back, and the blade of the Pi Sword jutting out just
to the left of her spine.}

{Pii's scream echos across Manhattan as the Rho Scythe falls from Nerti's lifeless fingers and
spirals down to the ground below.  Pii quickly pulls the sword from Nerti's chest and drops it to
fall next to her scythe on the ground.  He holds her body tightly while he cries into her
shoulder as the two of them descend to the ground.}

{A distance away, Yosho and his companions watch in a hushed silence at the death of Nerti Ro.
The Juraian prince bows his head in silence while Azaka looks away from the sight, gripping his
staff tightly.  Mihoshi falls to her knees in quiet tears while Kiyone watches soundlessly,
aghast at the events before her.  Neither J nor K can find words to speak as they watch Ryoshu-
Tokimi descend before Pii.}

{The young Terran boy lowers the body of his love to the ground, her blood now crossing his armor
and clothing.  The saline from his eyes rolls down his sorrow-stricken visage before dripping
from his chin onto the white armor around Nerti.  He reaches with his left hand to move the bangs
from her eyes when he notices the broken hairtie on her shoulder.  He takes that in his right
hand tightly while his breathing becomes deeper and more rageful.  He reaches to the cap and
visor on his face as the black lenses pull away from his brown eyes.  He quietly takes the
headgear off and drops it at his side, freeing his shortly trimmed auburn hair.  He takes the
broken hair tie in his right hand tightly while his deep and tormented voice softly speaks to
Nerti alone.}

Pii:  I gave this to you thirteen years ago... when we first met...

{Even though his left arm is wounded, Pii uses his left hand to securely tie Nerti's hairtie
around his right hand as he reaches for the Rho Scythe with his right hand and the Pi Sword with
his left.}

Pii:  It will be alright... I swear that...

{Ryoshu-Tokimi folds her arms when she asks him idly.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Now that she has left this mortal coil, it is my time to take what is mine.
	Remove yourself from my way, failure.

{Pii stands while gripping the weapons so tightly that the open wound on his left arm drains
blood down his arm and across his fingers and the hilt of his sword.  From that sword, Pii and
Nerti's blood intermix and drip onto the asphalt below.  He raises his head slowly until his
entire enraged visage is seen glaring deep into Ryoshu-Tokimi's gaze with fires of hate burning
behind his eyes.}

Pii:  I will never let you lay a finger on her... ever...

{He steps over Nerti's body and then launches into the air wielding both blades with a cry of
anger beyond sanity ringing from his lungs.  Ryoshu-Tokimi stands firm and watches him come
without concern when he reaches her location.  He swipes with the scythe first which the goddess
dodges easily before she punches him with her left hand.  He loses his wind as he is thrown back
hard to Nerti's side on the ground.  He slowly regains his feet when he coughs a tickle of blood
to the edge of his mouth, but the fire has not dimmed in the least within his eyes.  The goddess
pulls her sword before her while he steps toward her slowly, raising the two weapons to his
sides.}

{Yosho, Azaka, and the GP and MiB personnel watch this aghast at the sight.  Azaka's anger begins
to strengthen watching Pii and remembering Kamidake's battle against the goddess.  He takes a
step forward when Yosho blocks his way with an arm and a shake of the head.  The prince eyes the
others similarly, warning them not to interfere.  His eyes turn back to the hopelessly unfair
conflict sadly in thought.  He closes his eyes and faces slightly away when the scene fades to
black.}

{In this emptiness, a kind woman's voice calls out solemnly.}

Woman:  Nerti... Nerti Ro...

{A single white figure appears in a brilliant light that dims to show Nerti Ro floating without
clothing or accessory and her body surrounded by a kind and modest white energy.  On her
forehead, the white blade still glows strongly as her normal grey eyes blink open slowly.}

Woman:  Wake up, my dear Nerti...

{Nerti's eyes open as she begins to look around the blank environment while righting herself to
stand.  Her feet touch a plane of sorts, illuminated by her presence when she calls out to the
voice speaking to her.}

Nerti:  Who are you?  Where are you?  What happened to Will and...?

{She stops herself and touches her chest with her hands when she blinks in surprise.}

Nerti:  Where's the wound?  I threw myself on Will's sword so I should have at least a scar here.

{The voice answers her.}

Woman:  Yes, you did sacrifice your life to save his.

{Nerti faces forward to witness a door slide open into area so brightly lit that she cannot see
past the threshold of the doorway.  A woman's figure walks out of the light and stops before
Nerti, wearing a white gown complimented by her waist-length blonde hair.  Nerti gasps at the
person's appearance which is so identical to her own, except for several distinguishing marks.
This blonde before her has no feline features like the elfin ears or slit-like pupils of Nerti.
Her blue eyes have pupils like crosses, and her physique slightly more muscular.  Nerti is taken
aback as this being's name echos from her own lips.}

Nerti:  Amelia Aelins...?!

{The woman nods, accepting her name, when a male figure steps through the doorway also.  He is
dressed in a white suit and cloak while his crimson hair falls around his face, studded with two
grey, feline eyes.  Nerti immediately recognizes her father, Rente Ro.}

Nerti:  Daddy!!

{She starts to run for him when he halts her with his words.}

Rente:  Stop, Nerti.  You can't come to us.

{She looks at the two of them confused as Amy nods and agrees.}

Amy:  Your father's right.  You still have business to take care of.

{Nerti's eyes dart from one to the other before a grave truth enters her thoughts.}

Nerti:  You're... dead...!  That means that I'm...!!

{Fear enters her face when Amy steps forward and shakes her head with a few gentle and quiet
words.}

Amy:  No, Nerti...  That's the point.  You're not dead.  That's why you can't stay here.

{Rente walks to Amy's side and concurs.}

Rente:  He's still fighting for you and needs you to help him survive.

{Nerti's expression grows serious as she remembers the battle in which she was just involved.}

Nerti:  Will...  He and Tokimi are still fighting... over me...?

{Amy nods as her hand wraps around Rente's, and his around hers.}

Amy:  Yes, he's willing to lose his life for you even now.

Rente:  Both Ora and I knew he was special, Nerti.  He loves you and still protects you, but he
	can't do it alone.  He needs you.

{Nerti shakes her head and denies their insinuation.}

Nerti:  But, what can I do?  He's there, and I'm here... dead...

Rente:  You're not dead, Nerti...  The Aelins power locked in your blood along with the power
	Tokimi gave you and the gem from Tsunami are what are keeping you alive.

Amy:  As well as your dear one's love for you... and ours too...

Rente:  Amy's right, Nerti.  We are both very proud of you.  Ora is too, but you're life is far
	from complete.  It's not your time yet.  You have to go back to him.

{Tears have started to well in Nerti's eyes when she nods to both of her biological parents.
They hold hands tightly, trying to block their own tears back while in front of her.}

{Behind Nerti, a female figure of white light appears bearing shoulder-length hair and a kind air
about her.  From this female's back, two feathered wings open wide as she touches Nerti's
shoulder lightly.  Nerti's eyes close calmly while her head leans back as the figure behind her
slides forward and vanishes within Nerti's body, save the two wings that now extend from Nerti's
back.}

{Amy's tears can no longer be held back when they stream down her face and down her neck.  Rente
wraps his arms around her and nods while she calls one last time to Nerti.}

Amy:  Goodbye... my daughter Nerti...

{In reality, Pii kneels on the ground before Nerti, blood running down from both sides of his
mouth.  The red armor around his left shoulder has been ripped assunder, exposing the blue
bodysuit below as well as his torn skin.  The black kevlar over his left cheek has fallen loose
and hangs from his neckline, vibrating with his pulse.  The wound on his left arm has stopped
bleeding while an unseen injury on his right arm has rolled crimson down onto Nerti's scythe and
her hairtie.  Numerous cracks and dents have been added to the metal around him while various
weapon systems have been demolished or damaged.  Even the metal wings have been bent improperly
before he now pushes himself to his feet again.}

{The rage in his eyes has not vanished or diminished in the least as he glares back at Ryoshu-
Tokimi before him.  The goddess has not been injured or even touched while she steps slowly
toward the Terran boy.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  This has been entertaining, but it has lost its initial interest, as have you.

{The goddess raises her hand to face him as black energy gathers in a sphere within her grasp.
Then, Pii drops the sword and scythe as his body seems to relax and calm his breathing.  Ryoshu-
Tokimi blinks in surprise when Nerti's voice whispers on the wind.}

Nerti:  Just relax, Will...  I'm here with you...

{As she speaks, Nerti's spirit in white appears behind Pii and wraps her arms around him while
the two wings she bears extend widely.  At the sight of the wings, Ryoshu-Tokimi grows cold and
takes a step away from the two of them.  A distance away, Yosho and Azaka along with the MiB and
GP members witness this angelic appearance and are taken aback in awe.  Nerti's hand touches
Pii's face gently as the white light around her envelops them both.}

Nerti:  I'll always be with you...  I swear that...

{The white blade on Nerti's forehead shines brightly when on Pii's forehead, a black blade
appears directed downward.  The feathered wings close around the two of them, hiding them from
all around when metal grows across the wings and hardens the feathers into blades.  The wings
then open to reveal the wings attached to Pii's armor and Nerti's spirit gone.  He raises his
face to the goddess before him as his eyes open, grey and not the typical Terran brown.  Over the
black blade just before his hairline, Nerti's white blade materializes and glows in harmony with
his, light and darkness intertwined in the entire symbol of the Negative One.}

{From the ring on the finger of Nerti's body, the red gem dissolves the ring into white energy
once more as it flies to Pii's right hand.  The sword and scythe both levitate to that hand and
are enveloped in the gem's white power.  Quickly, the two mold together with the gem between them
into a new sword, a broadsword with a wide blade and the gem in the hilt.  The energy dims to
reveal the silvery finish of the weapon, and a crest with Pii's family name etched into the
pommel.}

{Pii takes this sword in his hand when Ryoshu-Tokimi shakes her head in denial of the being
before her.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  You cannot be the Angel of Fire!!

{Pii simply raises the sword and takes it in both hands when both his voice and Nerti's speak
from his lips.}

Pii-Nerti:  You took away our lives...  took Mitsuki Matsu's life... Amy Aelins's life...
	Ryoshu's life... innumerable lives gone because of your whims...  You have no right to take
	another's life for your own purposes... or for your own...

{The dark goddess releases the black power at her hand to fly at Pii-Nerti when a crack appears
in reality and widens into a shield before the angelic figure.  The energy hits the shield and
reflects into the sky while the eternal woman is taken aback by this.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  A Light Hawk Wing...?!  Generated by you?!

{The Light Hawk Wing of Pii-Nerti floats over to his left arm as a shield when he steps towards
the goddess.  The energy wing sharpens into a blade of its own before its owner levitates from
the ground and rushes the dark goddess with both the sword and the bladed shield.  He jabs with
the bladed shield to which the enemy dodges before he swings the sword and cuts across the ruby
on her chest.  Then, a metal wing follows the sword, aimed at the dark woman's neck, but she
dodges backward just out of reach.  As he spins around, white energy is summoned to his left hand
before he extends that hand to Ryoshu-Tokimi's face.  She ducks when the ball of white power
flies past and destroys a distant building's wall.  She darts back and tries to analyze the
changed Terran before her.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  That was NVO energy...!!  But, it was white...?!

{The Light Hawk Wing at Pii-Nerti's side spins its bladed point towards Ryoshu-Tokimi and shoots
towards her while Pii-Nerti flaps the feathered wings to speed after it.  The goddess steps back
and summons her own Light Hawk Wing to block the incoming wing.  When the two impact, the two
mutually annihilate as Pii-Nerti pulls the metal sword down at the goddess.}

{Quickly, another Light Hawk Wing materializes before Ryoshu-Tokimi, and it takes the impact of
the sword.  The sword actually physically cuts into the wing, causing a crack that radiates
throughout the wing.  However, as hard as the angel being pushes, the sword goes no further.}

{In Ryoshu-Tokimi's mind, she recalls the only other time someone breached the Light Hawk Wing
like this young man is now, when she first encountered Tenchi Masaki.  In a corridor made of her
own black power, the goddess guards herself with fifteen Light Hawk Wings when a wave of energy
hits the wings and cracks all fifteen of them.  She looks past the wings to see the source of
this wave of energy, Tenchi Masaki holding the Light Hawk Sword in one hand encircling Ryoko with
his other arm.  He is dressed in the ultra battlesuit of the Jurai Royal Family while Ryoko wears
her traditional Ryoan fire uniform.}

{Now, the goddess grins slightly back at Pii-Nerti as the Kagato's sword Key appears at her side
and opens its blade.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  That sword is the equal opposite of the Light Hawk Sword...!

{She raises her hand to the Light Hawk Wing, and it pushes Pii-Nerti back and away as she
recovers her stance.  Pii-Nerti recalls his Light Hawk Wing in its bladed form and annihilates
the goddess's when she swings the dark sword at the boy.  He blocks with his own sword and
shatters Kagato's blade with ease when another Light Hawk Wing appears and blocks the silver
sword again.  As the blade cuts into the wing, Ryoshu-Tokimi glares at the fused Terran.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  You are not the Angel of Fire.  You are simply a pretender, an angel of rage.

{Pii-Nerti bares his teeth when one of the feathered wings on his back swipes at her face, only
to hit another Light Hawk Wing that opens to protect her.  He tries to attack with the other
metal wing and hits a third Light Hawk Wing of the goddess.  She smiles now as he can see the
outcome of the battle clearly in her eyes.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  The true Angel of Fire can totally shatter Light Hawk Wings with her sword.  Your
	sword is not the fire of heaven carried by an angel.  It is an imitation born of your own
	white NVO energy.

{The three Light Hawk Wings of the goddess push Pii-Nerti away as the one cracked wing vanishes
and reappears undamaged.  Pii-Nerti's Light Hawk Wing reopens when Ryoshu-Tokimi sends her three
wings at him.  One annihilates his shield wing while the other two sharpen their edges and slice
through the feathered wings on his back.  Pii and Nerti's voices both scream out in pain as Pii-
Nerti falls to his knees, reaching for the stubs on his back.  The two Light Hawk Wings return to
their master as she steps to Pii-Nerti slowly, shaking her head.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Feel an angel's pain, the pain felt when they are stripped of their position and
	honor.

{Pii-Nerti kicks backward to his feet as he summons white power to his left hand, creating a
white broadsword.  He fights through the pain from the severing of the feathered wings when he
levitates and recall his Light Hawk Wing before him.}

{The goddess grabs one of her wings while it molds to her fingers and then begins to change
forms.  To her unspoken command, the wing metamorphs into an ornate obsidian broadsword, its hilt
clawed and its blade serrated.  Two other Light Hawk Wings appear around her as she walks toward
her opponent.}

{She flies at him as he also darts back at her, both wielding their swords and Light Hawk Wings.
One of Ryoshu-Tokimi's wings crashes into Pii-Nerti's, both vanishing in a dissolution of light
filaments when Pii-Nerti thrusts his metal sword towards the goddess's chest to hit a Light Hawk
Wing that swings in to block.  The sword penetrates into the wing but cannot fully break the
shield before the goddess's black sword knocks the the blade from his hand.  The last of the
woman's wings follows her left hand and sharpens itself when she jabs her hand at his side.  He
dodges, but not quick enough to avoid being cut along his abdomen by the claws of the glove as
well as the Light Hawk Wing blade.  He swings with the white broardsword to only hit a Light Hawk
Wing and have pure sword shatter to nothing.}

{Pii-Nerti staggers backward when the eternal woman changes her clawed sword into a golden orb of
power and tosses it with all her strength at him.  He raises his arms in an x-block as his Light
Hawk Wing flares one last time to absorb most of the impact of the incoming attack.  However,
ball explodes on impact, shattering his wing and throwing him face-first to the ground with
Nerti's body, unconscious as the symbol of his identity fades away.}

{Ryoshu-Tokimi takes a breath as she approaches her defeated enemy slowly.  From the grounded
body, two ethereal wings of feathers extend when Nerti's winged spirit lifts herself from Pii's
form.  The goddess watches in silence as Nerti's form seems to split away from the wings into two
female figures of light.  The nondescript woman with the wings helps Nerti's wingless ghost
towards her body, where the blonde spirit vanishes into her own body.  Nerti's body suddenly
takes a deep and labored breath before coughing loudly, bringing blood to her lips and curling
into a fetal position from her body's untold pain.}

{The winged being stands and faces the goddess coldly when Ryoshu-Tokimi glares back at her with
a few hateful words.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  So, you were with them... Angel of Fire...

{The angelic being fades away along with the goddess's wings, leaving the goddess with Pii's
unconscious form and Nerti's newly resurrected presence.  The crimson and azure eyes glance over
to the metal sword knocked from her enemy's hands and notes that the red gem in its hilt is
glowing brightly.  The light from the gem pulsates like a heartbeat, periodic and well-defined,
although it is rather elevated.  She raises her hand to the sword and orders the product of her
power.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Come.

{The sword on the ground does not move at her words, which confuses her.  She orders it again,
more firmly.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  To my hand, dark sword!

{Again, the blade does not react to her commands.  She levitates to the weapon and reaches to
take it from the ground, yet it reacts to her once in her hand.  The sword's hilt glows a bright
white and arcs out pure pearl lightning across her hand.  The energy rips apart the flesh of the
avatar, forcing her to release it.  She blinks in surprise at the weapon as she ponders this
result while her hand regenerates its wound.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Composed of my power, and yet you deny me...?!

{The wise voice of Yosho answers Ryoshu-Tokimi's question.}

Yosho:  That sword is not yours.

{She glances up to him coldly, noting Azaka, Mihoshi, Kiyone, J, and K flanking him.  The Juraian
prince explains his impression of the situation gravely.}

Yosho:  That sword belongs to those two warriors that lay before you.  It was made from their
	power and their love, not of your wretched energy.  In them, the darkness has been
	purified, and that sword is the crystalization of that purity.

{His gaze hardens and is reflected by all those at his side.}

Yosho:  You have no right to take that for yourself.  It won't serve you.

{Ryoshu-Tokimi's eyes narrow looking at her opposition when she takes the sword once again.
Again, the sword attacks her, but she bears the pain even as it begins to rip her hand apart
while she constantly heals the injury.  She glares at Yosho and his group when she replies to his
words.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  The darkness will obey me... and soon, so shall the light...

{A scream of rage is heard when the goddess spins around to block with the new sword in her hand.
Cassandra duSoleil's axe grinds against it as she drives all her strength towards the eternal
woman.  Ryoshu-Tokimi smiles to herself.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Cassandra... wife of my old... friend...

{Cassandra gnashes her teeth as she curses the goddess.}

Cassandra:  You bitch...!!  I'll kill you myself...!!

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  When your husband refuses to face me?  I noticed he did not come to the aid of
	these two.  I also do not see him now as I do this to you!

{Four of Ryoshu-Tokimi's Light Hawk Wings appear and sharpen into spikes that dart into
Cassandra's hands and feet.  She screams out as her axe falls to the ground, and her extremities
are pulled by those spikes to spread her before the dark goddess.  The possessed Ryoan steps up
before Cassandra and peers into her face as she grins with these words.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  You should keep me entertained while I find a way to assimilate myself into Nerti
	Ro's body.

{With those words, the two women and the two warriors on the ground vanish from the sight of the
others present in a swirl of dust.  The tension in the group begins to ease some when a Japanese
door appears and slides open to reveal Washu standing before a cosmic dimension.  She sees those
assembled and grows solemn as the events are explained to her.  A distance away, the remnants of
the metal feathers of Pii-Nerti's wings lay next to Pii's removed headgear.  The wings crack and
shatter into fragments and dust that blow with the wind around the mask of the Terran hunter.}

End Scene 2

Scene 3

{Upon the concrete wall, the names and prophesied title of each warrior from Lady Achi's prophecy
still burn with a crimson flame:  "Knight Paladin Masaki Tenchi", "Shadow Woman of Light Ryua
Ryoko", "Light Woman of Shadow Jurai Ayeka", "Bastard of Light and Dark Jurai Nagi", "Angelbane
duSoleil", and "Negative One Will Pii".  However, a claw scratch strikes through the lettering of
all save one, Angelbane duSoleil.  Ryoshu-Tokimi scoffs as she walks from the shadows of the
chamber, gazing upon the list of her enemies.  The grin on her face confidently stretches across
her lips when she hears the clank of armored boots approaching her.  She closes her eyes when she
speaks softly under her breath.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  My dear Angel...  You have come for your new woman at last...

{A metal blade thrusts through the door to Tokimi's chamber and cuts down the length of the
obstruction.  The two pieces of the door are pushed to the floor when the dark goddess glances
over to the doorway slowly.  There, the outline of Angelbane stands with his right palm
outstretched and a metal claymore in his left hand.  The cape around his shoulders billows with a
fierce wind, howling through the entrance of the chamber.  She turns to face him, still bearing
the slight grin, though she cannot see his expression through the shadows cast over him.  She
respectfully nods to the man before her.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Lord Angelbane duSoleil, welcome.

{Angelbane lowers his arm and coldly replies to the goddess before him.}

Angelbane:  Goddess Tokimi...

{She motions with her hand for him to approach closer with a few quiet words, almost with a hint
of care.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Come closer so that I might see your handsome face once again.

{His right hand reaches to his belt and removes the hilt for his unseen energy blade, which
sounds into existance at his side.  The great man shakes his head when he answers.}

Angelbane:  No, Tokimi.  We are not who we were aeons go.

{She calmly nods and turns slightly away from him in thought.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Indeed, we are not.

{She folds her arms and looks back at him with a mild glare.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  I see that though I gave you all the love and support I had to give, you found
	another more fitting for the role of your wife.

{His voice tone can be sensed to be stressed, but he remains in a respectful tone to the eternal
being before him.}

Angelbane:  Cassandra is a kind and gentle woman, a nurturing maternal figure... something you
	lost a long time ago...

{Ryoshu-Tokimi shakes her head as her lips twist into a smirk at his words.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  I do believe I nurtured Kain rather well.  He became exactly what his father and
	I had wanted him to be:  strong, independent...

{Angelbane's teeth can be heard grinding before he continues her listing.}

Angelbane:  ... ruthless, heartless, vile, arrogant...!

{The humor leaves her when an icy glare shoots across the room to the great man, who now walks
from the shadows.  The subtle light reveals the rageful face of the ageless being while the
goddess is not impressed.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  He was your grandchild, Angel, as well as my son!  How dare you speak of him in
	such a manner!!

Angelbane:  If you had not seduced my son and put that evil shadow inside his soul, Kain would
	never have been created!  I watched as you did the same to Princess Ayeka.  Had your sister
	not interfered, he would have killed her when he fully matured, just like before!!

{The possessed Ryoan flexes her claws, her patience gradually vanishing.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  So, what will you do, Lord duSoleil?  The energy you wield is directly connected
	to your mortal race.  Combat with me will surely lead many of them to their deaths so you
	can even defend yourself, let alone match me.

Angelbane:  I have come for my wife and my friends.

{She raises an eyebrow and scoffs at his mission.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Friends?!  I assume that you mean the two who are the Negative One.

{He does not reply as she continues.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  They are mine through the power I bestowed upon them both.

Angelbane:  I will grant you that, but my wife is not connected to you in any way.  Release her!

{The woman's lips curl into a grin as she raises her hand to the wall behind her.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  On the contrary, I find her very connected to several of the Six, especially you,
	my former lover.

{Four spikes of light shine, jutting out of the wall behind the Ryoan, spreading their light upon
that facet of the room.  Angelbane's eyes widen at the sight beheld on that wall:  Cassandra
hanging with her hands and feet impaled by those spikes composed of Light Hawk Wings.  The back
of her armor has been ripped assunder, the shreds hanging loosely from her belt.  Her back bears
deep, bleeding cuts and red sores from intense heat or multiple lashes.  Her head raises slightly
as she glances back to her husband, his eyes filling with warm tears of torment.  Her soft voice
can scarcely whisper a few words through her pain.}

Cassandra:  Bane...  She wants to kill you...  Escape...!  Please...!!

{She cringes while saline runs down the sides of her face.  Pleased, Ryoshu-Tokimi glances back
at Angelbane while her cut and burned right hand slowly moves behind her, where the sword of Pii
and Nerti lays against the same wall.  Angelbane's face twists into a glare of rage while baring
his teeth.  An aura surrounds him while his energy sword flares brighter, the wind outside
increasing beyond gale force.  Within that wind, a woman's screams for blood and death echo
amongst the white noise.  Hate drips from Angelbane's visage as he speaks to the dark goddess.}

Angelbane:  You've tried to kill me... my people... but this...!!

{His grips on the hilts of the swords tightens while his entire body tenses.}

Angelbane:  I'll never forgive you, bitch!!

{The eternal man launches forward when Ryoshu-Tokimi simply swings the silver sword she recently
acquired.  Single-handedly, the dark goddess holds back the combined might of both of Angelbane's
swords.  He looks at the sword and notices the white energy arcing from the sword's hilt across
her hand, burning and scarring into the flesh of her hand.  He then sees the family crest at the
end of the hilt, Pii's family name illuminated ornately.  He glares into her eyes while she grins
back at him.  Angelbane pulls back and then charges the goddess once more, leading with his
unseen blade.  Ryoshu-Tokimi parries easily, swinging the silver sword to block the first attack,
and then the claymore that immediately follows it.  With each strike, the wind heard outside
howls louder and screeches more harshly.  The great man spins around and swings both blades, but
the immortal woman fades away and reappears behind him, swiping at his side.  The blade impacts
the armor around him and cuts into his abdomen before she spins away from him.  He staggers away,
favoring his wound while the hatred kindled in his gaze has not diminished in the least.}

Angelbane:  I see your skill hasn't dulled in the past millennia...

{She nods.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Nor has yours...  though your anger weakens your guard, just like your
	"friend"...

{Angelbane grins to himself.}

Angelbane:  Just the flaw I was looking for...

{Ryoshu-Tokimi raises an eyebrow when the demigod rushes her again with multiple swipes of his
sword.  She defends quickly, but her gown receives some slices when Angelbane pushes both swords
against the sword of Pii and Nerti in Tokimi's injured hand.  He yells behind himself over the
now deafening wind outside.}

Angelbane:  Now, Katiara!!

{The dark goddess looks up to see the golden hair of Katiara duSoleil dart into the room as the
girl's feet touch the wall holding Cassandra.  She gently pulls her adoptive mother's hands and
feet free from the spikes before taking her in her arms.  Ryoshu-Tokimi's eyes frown into a glare
when the four shimmering spikes reform into blades aimed at the girl of dragon's blood.  The dark
goddess then turns her gaze to Angelbane when her foot deftly swings up between his legs,
catching his genitalia against the rigid boots she wears.  He cringes and pulls away when the
four blades around Katiara fly at her.  She jumps away, but the blades only follow her, quickly
gaining upon her.  Angelbane spins toward Katiara and Cassandra when he throws his claymore
between them and the pursuing blades.  The blades hit the demigod's weapon and deflect into the
floor and ceiling, but their impact causes the concrete around Katiara to collapse.  She curls
around Cassandra to protect her when a sphere of flaming obsidian energy flies at them.  It hits
and scorches the young woman badly, but she and her passanger escape the structure.  Angelbane
extends his free hand to his metal sword as it returns to its master while Ryoshu-Tokimi turns
back to him.}

Angelbane:  Your arrogance...  Even when we were together, you suffered from great arrogance...
	That is your major flaw, Tokimi...

{She glowers at him as her black power materializes at her left hand, coalescing into another
sphere.  She grabs this and reforms it into a black broadsword when she darts at him.  He raises
his blades to guard the incoming blades from the dark goddess, but the silver sword she carries
smashes the claymore aside.  It cuts deeply into his shoulder though his invisible sword blade
slices swiftly through her blade sword and scorches across her gown and shoulder armor.  The two
pull away again as he steps back away from her with a grin on his face.}

Angelbane:  I told Will to not let his youth and passion blind him...  Maybe I should listen to
	my own advice some time...

{The demigod levitates from the ground and darts through the doorway, leaving the goddess alone
to watch his departure.  She does not follow while she watches his blood drip across the floor as
he leaves.  She whispers to herself once he has left.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Feel the pain with which you left me when you departed from my life...  Know that
	when I merge into the Ro girl... you and the others cowering in that complex will die a
	most painful death...

{On the wall bearing the names of the six Lady Achi destined to defeat her, the crimson lettering
fades away.  Only the scratch marks remain in the concrete.}

End Scene 3

End Act 9