Dark Energy Trilogy
By William Benjamin Grilliette (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

All material of or relating to *Tenchi Muyo!* are copyrighted by Pioneer LD and AIC.
All material of or relating to *Men in Black* are copyrighted by Marvel/Malibu Comics and
	Columbia/Tristar Pictures.
All material of or relating to "Evil Pii" or "Nerti Ro" is property of William Benjamin
	Grilliette.
All material of or relating to "Angelbane duSoleil", "Cassandra duSoleil", or "Katiara duSoleil"
	is property of Jeffrey Williams.
More information about cast, plot, and story is available at http://evilpii.dorm4.org/.

Part 3:  Tenchi Muyo! / Men in Black: Inheritance
By William Benjamin Grilliette  (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Act 10

Scene 1

Tsunami:  I am sorry, Sister...

{The wind no longer blows through the streets of downtown Manhattan.  The wreckage of two GP
patrolships lays next to the contorted body of a Pentinian mobile suit.  Nearby, the Jurai ship
Funaho rests with its hull cracked and shattered from impact, and the piercing of Ryoshu-Tokimi's
dark blade.  On the ground encircled by these vessels, the white cap and black visor of Pii's
headgear rests partially buried in dust and dirt with a pool of deep crimson blood at its side,
Nerti's blood.}

{Soft steps harbinger the approach of the white and blue kimono of Goddess Tsunami.  Her legs
seat themselves in zarei fashion as her gentle fingers touch the dropped headgear, following its
lines with her fingertips.  Inside her mind, Tsunami hears the cries of pain and rage from the
battle while her hand cringes.  She then moves her hand over the blood when she witnesses Nerti's
death, feeling the sword enter the girl's chest before the life drained from her body.}

{The goddess's hand closes and is drawn away slowly, her arm shaking from the waves of emotion
and pain she took within herself.  She clasps her hands in her lap as tears roll down her chin
and neck while her voice speaks into the distance.}

Tsunami:  I have to break our promise...

{She rises to her feet and walks along Funaho's contour, tracing the wooden hull with her palm.
She cringes as she watches the ship's memory of the obsidian blade crashing through its internal
systems and ramming into the central tree.  She pulls her hand away before the tree completes its
story, stopping when the shadow enveloped the core tree and caused the crash.  Tsunami bows her
head and grips her hands together while Yosho's words remind her of her purpose on this
battlefield.  The prince scolds her, desiring an end to this conflict.}

Yosho:  Tsu... no, Sasami.  I know she is your sister, but she has murdered countless numbers of
	people and injured many of those whom you call "family"!

{Tsunami answers him softly and uncertainly.}

Tsunami:  I cannot fight my Sister Tokimi... That is like asking me to fight Ayeka...!!

Yosho:  If you don't, Ayeka and the rest of us will be killed by that sister you refuse to fight!
	I can understand your conflict, but this is not the time to question her motives or
	sympathize with her situation.  She is no longer the sister who taught you and cared for
	you in your infancy.  Please, take these weapons which you created to protect your people
	and fight her for us, not as Goddess Tsunami, but as Princess Sasami of Jurai, sister of
	the brave woman who drove the dark goddess out of her own soul.

{Tsunami takes a slow breath and releases it as she raises her head, allowing light to reach her
eyes beneath the bangs of azure hair.  Her gaze is torn by conflicting interests and drenched
with the tears she has shed for the fallen.  She closes her eyes and wipes the sleeve of her
robes across her face to take those drops of saline away.  Her sight reopens solemnly when a wisp
of wind billows around her form as it vanishes into the breeze.  Her voice leaves a few words
with that solitary gust.}

Tsunami:  I must stop you... no matter who we once were...

{A distance away, a young woman's screams coupled with electric discharges echo from the building
of Mitsuki's death and Ayeka's possession.  Within, the sound reverberates off the solid walls
becoming almost deafening, and the woman's voice can now be recognized as Nerti Ro's.  In the
barren room where Ryoshu-Tokimi made her first terrestrial appearance, the six faces of the
chamber once more shine with the six symbols of the warriors destined to defeat the dark
goddess.}

{However, in the center of the floor, an altar now stands with the blonde avatar laying across
it.  Nerti's lips are touched by blood while her white armor retains the cut of Pii's sword into
her heart, as well as the blood that drained from the wound.  Her unbound blonde hair drapes
across the altar and graces the ground, though each strand is covered in sweat and, in some
cases, dried blood.  Her forehead bears the white blade symbol which burns a bright white, though
it dims synchronously with her labored breathing.  Her expression is one of great pain while the
Ryoan possessed by the dark goddess is unmoved by the girl's situation.  Ryoshu-Tokimi's face
bears the green Mark of Rage from her power, but also the cuts from Angelbane's sword from her
battle with him.  Her armor is untouched by damage, but her gown is cut and scorched also
reflecting her battle with the demigod who was once her lover.}

{The violet claws of her left hand are extended above Nerti's chest while the goddess's
expression is one of frustration.  Her black power shoots from her sharpened fingertips and
erradiates Nerti's body, causing the girl to scream out while contorting in pain.  The symbol on
the avatar's forehead shines brighter as the discharge continues, dimming only when the goddess
stops her attempt.  In a distant corner, the cracked and stained crimson armor of Will Pii no
longer disguises his wounds or protects his body.  The young Terran rests in a crumpled heap,
motionless save for his periodic and slow breathing.  Ryoshu-Tokimi closes her eyes and curses.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Damn this!  Why will this girl's spirit not leave her body?!  What is keeping her
	soul within this vessel, and why can I not break its hold?!

{Tsunami's voice answers her elder sister.}

Tsunami:  What God has done, no one can tear assunder.

{The possessed Ryoan lowers her arm as she turns away from Nerti to face Tsunami, who steps
through the doorway.  For a moment, the two goddesses eye each other in silence:  Tsunami's
expression solemn and quiet and Ryoshu-Tokimi's focused and cold.  The younger sister then steps
forward gradually and explains her words.}

Tsunami:  Just as I told your second son with respect to my mortal sister Jurai Ayeka, these
	bonds to energy and to flesh are not ours to break.  It is true we were involved in the
	bonding of some cases, but that was done through us, not by us.

{Ryoshu-Tokimi turns her face slightly away, though she keeps her eyes focused on her younger
sister.  A light glare enters the dark goddess's gaze while Tsunami questions her directly.}

Tsunami:  Why, Tokimi?  What happened to you, to us?  You and I were once inseparable.  The
	empires we nurtured were peaceful towards one another.  What changed?  Please tell me.
	Tell me why we stand against each other now.

{The goddess of Jurai stops her ingress halfway between the door and her sister as Ryoshu-Tokimi
remains silent.  As her eyes fill with tears, Tsunami takes another step and yells out to her
immortal blood.}

Tsunami:  Answer me, please!!

{The Ryoan's eyes close while her voice chills Tsunami's spine.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  I doubt your gentle heart could withstand my story... sister...

{She then turns to fully face the Juraian as her eyes open again in an icy stare.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Especially with that soul of a child within you.

{Tsunami is struck hard with the reality while Ryoshu-Tokimi only nods.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  You may be able to fool your "family" within the Masaki home, Tsunami, but I know
	you far better.  You told them the story of the Jurai Emperor's death when you and he
	sealed my first son into that barren prison, inferring that you would never do such a thing
	again.

{The Jurai goddess frowns at herself as she looks away from the truth her sister speaks.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  You could not bring yourself to deny that girl's soul a life, and now, she
	influences you, just as her ancestor did.  A ten-year-old child controlling the infinite
	will and power of a goddess... how like you, Tsunami.

{The younger sister glances back at her sibling while the tears in her eyes roll down her face.}

Tsunami:  How can you be so cold, so heartless...?  What happened to the joy you had in nurturing
	the Ryoan people?

{The elder folds her arms as an anger flares in her crimson and azure eyes.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  What makes you believe that I lost that joy?

Tsunami:  That horrible war, sister...!!  Right before it, you stopped speaking with me...  You
	changed at that moment...  What happened then...?

{The dark goddess bares her teeth as her sister's questions draw out her old wounds.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  You wish to know my secrets, Tsunami?!  Very well, sister!!  Know that I
	discovered the joys of the mortal condition!

{Tsunami blinks and takes a step back at her sister's words while she continues.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  I took a living avatar then, a Pentinian sorceress, just as you took the Jurai
	Emperor.  Her spirit and mine merged, and through her, I felt mortal love with Angelbane
	duSoleil, carnal desire as you will probably never know, my dear sister.

{The Ryoan closes her eyes.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  But, I experienced more than that through her.  Desire... lust... passion...
	jealousy... anger... rage...  You have no concept of what those are, Tsunami...  Angelbane
	and I were one...  closer than blood, family, or even the soul...

{She takes a step forward as she approaches Tsunami slowly.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Then, he changed...  He no longer desired me...  He stated that I had become some
	monster... that I abused not only my powers as a goddess, but those of the sorceress I
	inhabited, for my own desires...

{Her eyes open ragefully.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  He left me... alone...  That is when I ended my talks with you, Tsunami...  How
	could a child like you understand the loss I felt...?  The emotions twisted within me
	painfully, the rage, sadness, and passion uncontrollable.  I required an outlet for my
	pain, and that was when I heard the prayers and desires of the Ryoan people.

{Ryoshu-Tokimi stops a meter before Tsunami when a small smile appears on the Ryoan's lips.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  They wished to expand their territories...  I gave them my blessing to unleash
	hell on their only rival...  the Jurai Empire...

{The Juraian gasps as she looks deep into the wild eyes of her elder sister, watching the fires
of hatred and destruction dance behind the glassy gaze.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  I wanted to watch people in pain like that which I felt, and that war suited my
	purposes more than sufficiently.

Tsunami:  My God, Tokimi...!!  How could you do such a thing...?!

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  They are my people, and our Creator's ultimate plan was for us to bring order to
	this galaxy.  While I could not trust the people with my full glory, I can trust them to
	kill one another sufficiently to please me.

{Tsunami shakes her head in disbelief and shock when the screams of horror and rage from the war
echo within the Jurai goddess's mind.}

Tsunami:  Do you feel any remorse for those you sent to their deaths?!  I still cry for those
	Juraians who died then!

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  I only regret the outcome.  Had Ryua won, I would have had supreme reign of this
	galaxy, as your precious Jurai does now.  The last lesson my avatar taught me was that
	power, control if you will, can satisfy the desires that love and passion left open within
	me, as well as fulfill our Creator's design for an ordered galaxy.

{The Ryoan's wild gaze freezes once more into a glassy stare as Tsunami's eyes now dry with a
grave expression.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Say that I am corrupt.  Say that I am "fallen".  Say what you will.  I am pleased
	with who and what I am now.  Once the Ryoan factions are unified again under my command, a
	new Ryo-Jurai war will begin, and it will have a far different ending than the last.

{Tsunami's words then bite into Ryoshu-Tokimi's soul.}

Tsunami:  Will you sacrifice your second son for your desires like you did your first?

{The dark goddess's eyes widen for a moment before setting themselves into a rageful scowl.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Kain was not sacrificed!!  He was murdered by Masaki Achika, and for that, I will
	see Masaki Tenchi's head at my feet alongside those who aided his family!!

{The goddess of Jurai has her voice raise to an angry tone while she glares back at her elder
sister.}

Tsunami:  Why Tenchi's mother?  What did she do to you?!  She never knew of her Jurai heritage,
	even if she was Yosho's daughter!  She was an innocent, just like the people you murdered
	in the Twin Towers, like the countless people killed in that ungodly war... like my sister
	Ayeka!!

{Ryoshu-Tokimi's rage suddenly subsides watching Tsunami's anger grow when she notices a familiar
look in her sister's eyes.  This was not the little sister she knew anymore.  Within those
crimson eyes, the dark goddess sees not the reflection of herself, but of the ten-year-old girl
Tsunami was three days before, Sasami Jurai.  The Juraian child glares back angrily through her
tears at the Ryoan goddess while Tsunami's words rise in passion.}

Tsunami:  Angelbane was right to call you a monster!  You are no longer the goddess who raised
	me!

{The woman in white spreads her arms as cracks in normal reality appear before her, one after
another until a total of ten shine brightly at her command.  Together, they widen into the ten
Light Hawk Wings which are Tsunami's to control.  Around her, an emerald aura shines into
existance as the kimono vanishes, replaced by a cobalt-blue combat gi of Jurai.  Her white
trousers are tucked into the slender foot gear she wears while her hands are shielded behind
gauntlets of white, edged by azure.  Her tresses of flowing hair curl to her shoulders as a soft
case appears around them and floats beneath the back of the gi.}

{Of the ten Light Hawk Wings, the upper five become partially shaded by five shadows, the
outlines of the five Keys of the Jurai Power which she has created.  Each Key materializes within
its respective wing and emerges from its crystalline womb as Tsunami raises her arms to cross
before her.  She grips her fists tightly while the all the Keys, save the Tenchiken, assume their
positions around her body, identical to the way they did around Ayeka:  the tiara around her left
shoulder interlocking with the blue staff, the hairband around her right shoulder interlocking
with the red staff.}

{The Juraian goddess closes her eyes and lowers her left arm while extending her right hand
towards the sword bearing Tenchi's name.  The hilt explodes into a sphere of pure light before
dimming in the form of the Light Hawk Sword wielded by Tenchi five days ago.  She takes the
weapon, drawing it close before swinging it to her side.  At that motion, four of the ten wings
levitate to her extremities and mold around her, each glistening brightly in its transformation.
Once complete, her forearms and shins are covered in beautifully ornate metal armor of silver and
white.  Two wings cross before her and pass over her body, reforming into a body armor matching
their kindred.}

{Of the final four, she takes one in her hand and reshapes it into a holy sword, sharp and
decorated in the Juraian fashion.  Two wings take their places at her sides, shields for their
master while the last defends her back.  Tsunami crosses her forearms and the blades of her
swords as she glares back at her sister goddess who nods at the combat form of Tsunami.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  I am the one who raised you, dear sister.  That can be seen by the way you used
	those wings, identical to how I taught you aeons ago.  I know you far too well for you to
	win, Tsunami.

{Tsunami watches as fifteen cracks in reality appear and open into the fifteen Light Hawk Wings
of the Goddess Tokimi.  Just as Tsunami had done, six wings flow over the Ryoan's body, becoming
armor to protect their mistress.  However, unlike Tsunami's silver and white, Ryoshu-Tokimi's
defenses are black and obsidian, edged in crimson.  From four wings, the corrupted Keys the dark
goddess had created appear and levitate before her:  Kagato's sword, the staves of Tetta and
Tessei, and hairband used to tempt Nagi.  Tsunami's eyes move between the twisted weapons while a
smirk curls along her sister's lips.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  You can feel the spirits of each person who has held these... can you not?  The
	rage and anger that created them... the passion of the wielder... their desire to destroy
	and murder...

{The twisted hairband shoots to the Ryoan's right shoulder and encircles it, its bladed crest
flaring with a bloody fire.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Nagi's temptation...

{To that hairband, Tessei's staff darts to it and interlocks its headpiece in a marriage of
thorns and spikes.  The orb within the headpiece shines a pastel blue, pulsing synchronously with
the fire of the hairband.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Tessei's passion...

{The dark goddess raises her left hand toward Tsunami when the tiara of thorns worn by Dark Ayeka
arises from the white robes.  It flies to wrap around the possessed Ryoan's left shoulder,
joining the hairband in the display of flame.  Tsunami's gaze becomes harder as her teeth clinch,
watching her sister goddess's pleased expression grow.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Ayeka's rage...

{The black staff of Tetta merges with the tiara of thorns while its orb mirrors its spiked
counterpart in its pastel glow.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Tetta's arrogance...

{At last, the sword of Kagato drifts down to the dark goddess's left hand.  She grips it tightly
when the hilt opens, allowing the broadsword to flare out powerfully.  The orbs of the staves
glow brighter, igniting into a bluish flame as Kagato's blade grows in strength and size,
becoming a fire sword.  Ryoshu-Tokimi gazes into the fiery implement of murder while she muses.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Kagato's desire...  All facets of your people... all giving birth to these
	weapons... All promising the downfall of the Jurai...

{Her eyes drift slowly over and meet Tsunami in her gaze while the remaining nine wings of
Goddess Tokimi float down around her, creating a defensive circle around her.  The possessed
Ryoan raises her right hand slowly, displaying the bleeding cuts and blackened burns to Tsunami's
view.  The Juraian blinks in surprise at these wounds as her Ryoan sister closes her eyes in
concentration, speaking in a cursing tone.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Though you will not serve me by choice... I still have the ability to force
	you... sword of darkness...!!

{Gradually, the black power of Tokimi coalesces into a disk near her right hand.  Away from her
hand, the disk pokes outward before being pierced by the silver blade of a sword, which floats
out of the darkness.  The portal vanishes, revealing the sword of Pii and Nerti's creation.  The
Ryoan quickly grabs the hilt when the sword itself irradiates her hand with arcing sparks of
white energy, carving through her violet claws and into her skin while burning all they touch.}

{Tsunami gasps while the dark goddess lowers the weapon at her side, her breathing increasing
steadily and painfully just holding the sword.  The feline eyes glare back at the Juraian with a
nod as she sets herself back into a fighting stance, the silver sword back and the dark Jurai
blade forward.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  And, this sword... born of the gem you created to try and change Nerti Ro's
	fate... will be the final element of your undoing...!!

{The Ryoan darts at the Juraian swinging the black blade while Tsunami takes a step back,
lowering her swords and reversing their directions before raising the blades again to catch the
dark sword.  Ryoshu-Tokimi draws Pii and Ro's sword forward towards Tsunami's side.  The goddess
of light shifts her weight to release the Light Hawk Sword from the cross block as the second
sword tosses Kagato's blade to the side.  The Light Hawk Sword swings forward and clashes against
the silver sword of Pii and Ro in an explosion of crimson and azure sparks that would blind a
normal person.}

{The echo of the impact shakes the entire structure around them as the chosen symbols upon Pii
and Nerti's foreheads appear and burn brightly in the shadows.  At MiB HQ, L opens the door to
Tenchi and Ryoko's suite when the logos of their prophetic places ignite, bringing a surprised
awe to the Terran woman.  Likewise, in Ayeka's, Nagi's, and Angelbane's individual rooms, the
insignia of their fates appear, shining their light upon the darkness of their surroundings.
Ethereally, young Sasami's voice calls out to those warriors of Lady Achi's prophecy softly, and
forebodingly.}

Sasami:  "Torn by love of family and dedication to duty, the Woman of Mystery must fight against
	her own blood, the Mother of Darkness...  Through their conflict, the lines are drawn for a
	new Ryo-Jurai War...  Weep not only for the defeated, but also the victor... and the
	victims yet to come..." -- Queen Jurai the Second, Achi...

{With the sister goddesses, the two separate when Ryoshu-Tokimi's nine free wings sharpen into
blades and fly at her opponent.  Tsunami summons her three wings forward and expands them into a
circular shield while rolling to the side.  The nine impact the three when three pairs dissolve
into light particles as the remaining six of the dark goddess ram into the ground and rattle the
structure even more.  The floor and walls crack and chip around them, showing the result of the
wielded power.}

{Once Tsunami regains her footing, Ryoshu-Tokimi slides up towards her and slices at her with
Kagato's broadsword.  A wing opens to deflect the sword to the side as the Juraian stabs forward
with her second sword.  The silver blade of Pii and Ro's sword comes down and smashes the
Juraian's holy sword away, etching many stress fractures into the Juraian design.  Tsunami raises
the Light Hawk Sword and swings forward when a wing of her sister opens and takes the harsh
impact, as well as the stress cracks from the impact.}

{Ryoshu-Tokimi pushes Kagato's sword forward while Tsunami swings her broken sword and barely
deflects the weapon, sliding away from her sister once more.  The possessed Ryoan smirks and nods
at her opponent.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  You have remembered the Tenken style well, Tsunami.  However, no more testing the
	other's resolve and skill.  Time for the Juraian in you to die, sister.

{Tsunami's eyes are filled with a raged glare as the five Keys glow an intense emerald, the
crests of the two staves spinning wildly.  Ryoshu-Tokimi blinks with recognition as her sister
levitates from the ground, recalling her three free wings.  To the dark goddess's eyes, she
superimposes the form of her previous opponent who summoned the Jurai Power in this way, Ayeka.
The regal-haired woman's eyes match her mortal sister's when Tsunami darts at Ryoshu-Tokimi.}

{The Juraian raises her broken sword while her sister wills her six open wings at Tsunami's back.
Ryoshu-Tokimi swings with Kagato's blade once more, but the holy sword of Tsunami shifts into a
golden ball of energy within her hand.  She pushes that pure power directly into the Ryoan's left
shoulder, ripping through clothing and undead flesh.  Ryoshu-Tokimi winces and backs away,
drawing Pii and Ro's blade to knock aside the incoming Light Hawk Sword, the two opposite blades
clashing in an explosion of contrasting light.  Tsunami spins around and opens four wings which
annihilate with four of the attacking wings behind her.  However, two of her elder sister's
weapons go through the blockade, one spiking through her left shoulder and the other cutting
along her left side of her abdomen.}

{Tsunami's face contorts in pain as she staggers backward, the blood from her wounds, already
starting to stream down her side.  She gasps for air, almost shocked at the feeling within her.
Tears well in her eyes as she clinches her teeth together, trying to force her will through the
pain.  In Tsunami's mind and soul, Sasami's voice cries out, screaming for help.}

Sasami:  Ayeka!!  Nagi!!  Someone please!!

{Her words echo when Ayeka's eyes pop open with a gasp, her body covered in a cold sweat.
Likewise, Nagi's eyes open quickly and full of fear as she sits upright before grabbing her arms,
remembering the events that led to her current condition.  While Nagi falls back into the bed,
Tsunami weakly moves her left arm over her side wound.  Gradually, the skin and muscle mend back
together as she regenerates her body, but she glares back at Ryoshu-Tokimi, who is also healing
herself at the a similar pace.  The Jurai goddess blinks the tears from her eyes and resets her
gaze into a glare of anger.  The Ryoan goddess bares her teeth looking back at her opponent.
Without speaking, a telepathic conversation passes between the two eternal beings.}

Tokimi:  How dare you strike me...!!  Apparently, that child controls you more than I had
	thought...!!

Tsunami:  I did not desire to fight you, sister... but I will not let you bring anymore people to
	harm... Juraian, Terran... or Ryoan...

Tokimi:  I heard the girl call for her mortal sister and that bastard woman...  You cannot even
	sacrifice the girl's free will to save yourself...  Can you...?

Tsunami:  While I exist, I will at least attempt to save those for whom I care... even you,
	sister...

Tokimi:  You are no sister of mine, Tsunami...  From the moment you raised your sword against me,
	you became my enemy...

Tsunami:  I had hoped this would never happen... but I will not let you draw the universe into
	darkness, Tokimi...

{As her mind continues, Sasami's young voice echos Tsunami's words in an angry and hurt tone,
reflecting the wounds Tsunami has sustained.}

Sasami-Tsunami:  I won't let this continue...  Even if I die here, others will take my place and
	defeat you...  I promise you that... just like Achi did...

{Before the dark goddess can retort, Tsunami takes the Light Hawk Sword with both hands and
closes her eyes, taking a Juraian kendo stance.  She raises the blade over her head to strike
down forward as the four free Light Hawk Wings of her creation open at her sides.  The emerald
aura around her and the Keys flare into a blaze of Jurai Power when the silver armor on her body
shatters, coalescing into six golden spheres.  Dressed in the blue Juraian gi once more,
Tsunami's voice speaks softly as the tears roll down her face once more.}

Tsunami:  I am Sasami of Jurai... sister of Ayeka of Jurai...

{Her eyes open to the crumbling ceiling above them with a saddened expression.}

Tsunami:  I'm sorry, Ayeka...

{Ryoshu-Tokimi watches in confusion when Tsunami's gaze darts back to her followed by the force
of Sasami and Tsunami's combined fury:  Jurai Power and the ten Light Hawk Wings.  Ryoshu-
Tokimi's eyes widen with a gasp of surprise as she raises her two swords and nine wings
defensively.}

{Within MiB HQ, Ayeka's breathing slows down gradually watching the ceiling above her.  The color
of her skin has returned, though the dampness of her sweat alters her appearance slightly.  Her
regal hair cradles her bandaged form as she pulls herself slowly to a sitting position.  She
cringes some, feeling the weakness that still remains within her as she looks around the room
with a concerned look.}

Ayeka:  Sasami...?

{A point of white light appears in the room with the crown princess, catching her attention.  She
blinks in confusion as it grows in size and alters its shape.  Soon, it stops its transformation
and dims, allowing gravity to attract the result to the floor.  The royal goes cold at what she
sees crumpled on the floor at her bedside:  a blue Juraian gi and the five Keys of the Jurai
Power alongside a single lock of azure hair.}

{Her chin trembles while saline wells in her eyes and quickly starts to roll down the sides of
her face.  She barely tosses the sheets of her bed aside as she rolls out onto her feet, which
soon fall out from beneath her.  She collapses on the smooth tiles, pulling the medical sensors
from her body.  Alarms sound from the disconnections while she ignores them, pushing herself to a
seated posture.  Her voice catches as she tries to not believe what she sees.  Her hands reach
out fearfully to the items on the floor.}

{Her fingers touch the hair, causes her to bite her lip and close her eyes tightly, the tears
uncontrollable now.  Her hands become limp and clasp around the lock, pulling it slowly back to
her face.  Her nostrils draw in the scent of Juraian fragrances used only by the daughters of the
royal family while her skin feels the fluid softness inherited from her ancestors.  She shakes
her head slowly, soaking the hair in her tears as her soft and emotionally shredded voice
utters.}

Ayeka:  No...!!  Not you...!!  God, no...!!

{Her head stops shaking as her entire body begins to shake, curling around that single lock of
hair protectively.  The hair is pulled to her chest when her sorrowful scream is heard throughout
the medical division of MiB HQ.}

Ayeka:  SASAMI!!

End Scene 1

Scene 2

{Holding her arms while trying to push the burning sensation away, Nagi hears the echoing scream
of Ayeka calling Sasami's name.  Her body becomes numb as the sorrow of the vocalization pierces
her soul, but then she forces her arms to throw the sheets away from her.  Dressed in a hospital
gown with bandages covering her hands and arms, Nagi steps onto the cold floor with enough
strength to keep herself from falling.  Her crimson eyes are focused on the closet while the back
of her consciousness becomes enveloped in worried thought for the younger Juraian princess.  She
hurriedly goes to the closet and locates her violet Ryoan fire uniform and her exiled Juraian
cape while the running steps of MiB personnel can be heard outside.}

{Led by L, the medical staff of the complex hurry to Ayeka's chambers to find her kneeling on the
floor, curled around a single lock of azure hair.  The hair is soaked with her tears and held
close to her chest as she cries, ignoring the people before her.  Closeby, a blue Juraian gi is
crumpled on the floor next to the five Keys of the Jurai Power.  L sees the hair and shakes her
head in disbelief when her voice finds the words to speak.}

L:  Oh, God...!!

{The raven-haired woman moves with a hand extended toward Ayeka when the princess snaps back at
her with a voice on the verge of emotional collapse.}

Ayeka:  Don't come any closer!!

{L stops in mid-stride when the Juraian woman begins to question her softly between her sobs.}

Ayeka:  What happened...?!  Why did Sasami...?!

{The Terran's expression is sympathetic as she explains the happenings since Ayeka's defeat.}

L:  After Sasa...

{L stops herself regretfully before continuing.}

L:  After Lady Tsunami saved you... Nagi was also drawn to Tokimi... followed by an offensive
	lead by Yosho and...

{She sighs and shakes her head with shame.}

L:  All together, Tokimi's defeated everyone and every offensive sent against her...  We had
	nothing to fight her with...

{The princess cringes hearing these words when someone is faintly heard coming to the chamber.}

L:  Yosho asked her to intervene...  He thought that the fight with Angelbane would have weakened
	her enough for Tsunami to defeat alone, but...

{Ayeka's knuckles turn white as she holds the lock of hair even more tightly, her face tense with
the feelings of loss and sorrow.  People are pushed aside, drawing L's attention to the newcomer.
She blinks in surprise to see the concerned gaze of Nagi focused on the pure-blood Juraian on the
floor.  She stops beside L when the Ryo-Juraian finally see the gi and Keys, the shock evident in
her eyes.  She closes her eyes and sighs to force the sadness back as she kneels at Ayeka's side,
speaking in a gentle tone.}

Nagi:  Ayeka...  Princess Ayeka...!!

{The hunter puts her hand lightly on the princess's shoulder, startling her.  The regal woman
pulls away, her eyes locked on the woman of two worlds as Nagi lowers her hand.  She sighs and
looks at the lock of hair in Ayeka's hands, the tears welling in her eyes against her will.}

Nagi:  Sasami...!!

{Ayeka shakes her head slowly, closing her eyes tightly in an attempt to push away the reality.}

Ayeka:  I should have been there...!!  I should have been by your side...!!  Maybe then it...!!

{The princess gasps and looks down when she notices Nagi's burned hand wrapped around the lock
alongside Ayeka's.  She follows Nagi's arm up to her face to see the caped woman holding herself
within.  Nagi shakes her head.}

Nagi:  It wouldn't have made a difference...  You and I have both faced the dark goddess...  We
	both saw only a glimpse of her power...  Tsu...

{Nagi stops herself and turns away from Ayeka, another pain easily sensed through the hunter's
veil of secrets.  The princess watches her turn and forces a weak smile while Nagi continues.}

Nagi:  Sasami...  I'm sorry, princess...  She was your...

{Nagi feels a slight weight on her shoulder as she turns to see Ayeka's hand on her shoulder, and
the kind expression on Ayeka's face.  The princess nods gently, tears dripping from her chin.}

Ayeka:  You already said you would care for Sasami in my place...  I remember those words
	because... they pulled me back from the darkness that had consumed me...

{Ayeka closes her eyes and turns slightly away in regret as Nagi feels the princess's hand loose
her shoulder, but tense as well.}

Ayeka:  She was more than a sister... more than a friend... to many other than myself... but to
	never... to never say... never see...!!

{The Juraian bares her teeth as her face cringes more from the fresh pain when Nagi's scorched
hand touches Ayeka's, drawing her attention once more.  Nagi's tear-streaked face nods
resolutely, understanding her meaning.}

Nagi:  I know...  All of us do, Ayeka...

{The princess begins to collapse, and the exiled royal allows her to bury her face in her right
shoulder.  Ayeka grabs at Nagi's cape tightly while the force of the regal woman's sobs rock the
both of them.  Nagi takes a difficult breath and tries to withhold her emotions once more when
Ayeka's words float up to her feline ears.}

Ayeka:  Let it go, Nagi...  We are family, too...  You don't need to hide anymore...

{Nagi looks into the distance quietly before bowing her head with a nod.  Slowly, her sadness too
pours forth alongside Ayeka's as L and the other MiB agents watch helplessly.  L turns to her
comrades and excuses them before kneeling beside the two Jurai royals.  Both turn to her and see
the tears in her eyes as well.  A moment of silence passes between the women as they remember
both the child of life and the warrior goddess who is now gone.  Ayeka releases the azure hair to
fall on the floor before her as she raises a hand to her face to hide her face while the sorrow
continues to eat away at her spirit.}

{L speaks with her softly while Nagi glances quietly through the other artifacts:  the gi and the
Keys.  Curiously, she notices her hairband Key and notes also that it has been altered:  a
crimson gem encrusted in the crest with silver artistry of unparalleled beauty.  Her still
injured hand reaches for the item and takes it, observing every facet and crevice of its design.
She begins to think slowly about the past events when a feeling of hatred begins to grow within
her.  Tokimi's name echos in the corridors of her mind as she grips the Juraian tool tightly,
subtle arcs of blue and red sparking from her hand to the Key.  She closes her eyes and bares her
teeth when the emotion peaks just as the Key reacts to her two powers.}

{Her eyes open while both Ayeka and L are drawn to the ruby light emitted from the gem in the
Key.  The device wraps around Nagi's hand as if to form her Juraian sword, but instead, the gem
projects an image before them of Tsunami dressed in her white kimono.  Ayeka and L are taken
aback while Nagi watches in awe.  The goddess's image looks upon them all and smiles slightly,
hinting some regret at her coming words.}

Tsunami:  Nagi...  Thank you for being with Ayeka at this time...  I do not believe I can ever
	repay you for your words and kindness towards her...  I also wish I could say that all will
	be settled between my immortal sister and myself...

{The blue-haired woman sighs and nods.}

Tsunami:  You know by now that I have been defeated by Sister Tokimi...  Realize that this was
	necessary... You as well, Ayeka, should understand...  My battle with her will leave her
	weakened further...  Both of you know what now must be done...

{Tears roll down the face of the goddess.}

Tsunami:  Though I wish it was not necessary...

{She looks up to the three before her determinedly, mirroring Ayeka's own regal manner.}

Tsunami:  Seek out the other four...  Fulfill Lady Achi's words...

{She turns directly at Nagi and speaks to her directly.}

Tsunami:  Nagi, the gem in your Key was designed to aid your control of the dual power...  In
	that, it also increases the strength of your telepathic link to Ryoko...  When I visited
	Tenchi and Ryoko before Grandfather set out on his offensive, I set them both into a shared
	fantasy to calm their minds in preparation for this moment...  Awaken them...  It is time
	now...

{She faces Ayeka, seemingly holding Sasami's emotions back as well.}

Tsunami:  Ayeka, my sister...  Join her in this task...  She will need your help to do this...
	Do not fear about rousing the others... They will come to your aid...

{Tsunami smiles at her mortal sister while raising her hands to clasp in a prayer fashion.  She
bows her head with eyes closed, her soft voice calling to Ayeka.}

Tsunami:  Forgive me...  May I see you again, my dearest sister Ayeka...

{The vision of the goddess fades away, leaving Ayeka, Nagi, and L alone in the room.  The bounty
hunter looks down at the Key around her hand in solemn thought before glancing to Ayeka.  She is
surprised at the princess's grave face, especially the fire of determination burning deep within
the regal gaze of Ayeka.  The woman of long, violet tresses takes her tiara Key from its kindred
and holds it before her.  With barely a thought, the ends of the tiara spark with the rosy energy
of Ayeka's Jurai Power channelled through it's structure.  Her mind sets itself on one goal,
gazing into the unearthly arcs of light.}

Ayeka:  Tokimi will pay for her trespass in spades...!!

{The light of her power then shifts from a pinkish color to the azure of her sister's hair before
silencing itself.  Ayeka closes her eyes and places the crown once more upon her brow before she
stands.  Nagi rises to her feet and nods to the princess in a shared decision, as L follows
suit.}

{Soon, the three are found in Tenchi and Ryoko's chamber where the two other prophesied warriors
sleep in a shared dream.  Ayeka has since quickly changed into her blue kimono to replace the
immodest hospital robe.  Nagi seats herself in a chair between Tenchi and Ryoko while Ayeka pulls
another chair across from her partner in this mission.  L stands over Ryoko and checks the
readings on the machine monitoring both her and Tenchi's conditions.  Nearby, Tenchiken rests
atop the heart monitor.  The doctor shakes her head with uncertainty.}

L:  I'm still not sure about this, Nagi.  You are still weak from fighting Tokimi.  I don't know
	what this could do to you.  You might become trapped in the fantasy with them.

{Nagi nods as she takes a breath, holding the Key in her lap while she keeps her eyes closed.}

Nagi:  I realize that.  However, we have little choice now.  Do we?

{L glances over to Ayeka as she sits facing Nagi between Tenchi and Ryoko.}

L:  And you, Ayeka.  I'm still not sure if your mind can handle this.  After what happened...

{Ayeka nods and closes her eyes also.}

Ayeka:  I am aware of the danger and appreciate your concern, but Nagi is correct.  This is a
	necessary risk.

Nagi:  Just watch the monitors for myself and Ayeka.  If something goes wrong, wake us, and we
	will try again.

{L turns to the LCD screens at her side while her right hand dances across the keypad before
them.  The screens illuminate with the alpha and beta wave patterns of the four patients, each
labeled with the appropriate name:  "Masaki, Tenchi", "Ryua, Ryoko", "Jurai, Ayeka", and "Jurai,
Nagi".  The MiB physician looks back to the two women, still some worry in her eyes.}

L:  Be careful... and bring them back as soon as you can...

{Ayeka and Nagi both nod resolutely before Nagi extends her Key between herself and the princess.
Around the Juraian device, her crimson and violet energies begin to spark and focus into the gem
and crest, respectively.  Both glow eerily and pulse together as the crest of Ayeka's tiara
energizes and flashes synchronously with Nagi's Key.}

{The hunter's eyes cringe for a moment before opening upon a new landscape:  the Masaki estate in
Okayama.  Confused, her thoughts are twisted more as she sees that the area is not as she
remembers.  Ryu-Oh's tree is understandibly missing from the pond, but the house itself has been
completely rebuilt.  Far more spatious and open, the building has integrated three floors as well
as a food shed and rear greenhouse.  In the distance near the Masaki shrine, Funaho's hull can be
seen rising far above the treeline.  She looks over to Ayeka who is also lost in this illusionary
world.  Nagi calls to Ayeka, rousing her from her thoughts.}

Nagi:  Ayeka...  this cannot be Masaki's home...  It looks too different from the last time I was
	here...

{The princess nods, continuing to look around the surroundings.}

Ayeka:  I agree...  This is not the Okayama home in which I resided...

{Ayeka then closes her eyes and refocuses herself.}

Ayeka:  However, we are not here to marvel at the illusion.  Do you sense Ryoko nearby?

{Nagi nods and motions toward the house.}

Nagi:  Yes, she is within the house.

{The two walk toward the home side by side, paying no attention to the gentle, fragrant wind
around them.  The sakura in bloom shed their petals, allowing their scent to drift about the
beautiful scene when the laughter of children arises from the house.  Both Juraian royals stop in
surprise when the door slams open, allowing two youngsters to dash into the yard, a five-year-old
boy chasing a four-year-old girl.  The cute duo run up to Ayeka and Nagi, before sliding to a
stop, the boy bumping into the girl and making her turn around with a slight frown on her face.}

Girl:  Hey, Masako!!  That hurt!!

{He outstretches his hands and shrugs his shoulders.}

Masako:  Well, you stopped in front of me, Minagi!!

{Both adults blink in surprise at the kids, looking between the two and noting their obvious
family resemblances.  Masako's short, cyan hair spikes about his head while his quiet brown eyes
turn to the two women before him curiously.  Minagi's long, cyan mane whips around her head as
her golden eyes glance between the two adults like her companion's.  Both are dressed in typical
Terran attire:  t-shirt and jeans in child sizes.  Nagi kneels before Minagi and touches the
girl's face lightly with her fingers in disbelief.  What she sees is uncanny, the face of Ryoko
as a child upon this young girl.}

Nagi:  This can't be...

{Ayeka looks away with some sadness from the two children when she sees another similarity in
Masako's visage, Tenchi's youthful appearance.  Minagi giggles at Nagi, taking the burned hands
in her own with a kind smile.}

Minagi:  What can't be, Aunt Nagi?  You're talking weird like Aunt Sasami!

{The Ryo-Juraian eyes the child oddly for a moment while Ayeka's attention is dragged to the
girl.}

Nagi:  You mean Tsunami...?

{Minagi nods happily.}

Minagi:  Yeah!  But, we all call her "Sasami" because she's so nice and pretty.  You know that!

{Masako agrees and adds to his companion's statement.}

Masako:  She's getting ready to go into space!

Minagi:  Yeah, she's visiting an old friend.  "Keeping a promise!"

{Minagi winks cutely while Masako nods.}

Masako:  She's always good about that.

{Ayeka's gaze begins to long for the sight of her younger sister when a familiar voice draws her
back, Ryoko's voice.}

Ryoko:  Masako!  Minagi!

{Both spin around joyfully toward the new Masaki house.}

Masako & Minagi:  Mommy!

{The two scamper away while Nagi rises to her feet at Ayeka's side to see Ryoko standing strongly
on the doorstep of the home.  The Ryoan's hair is tied back with a red hairtie, spiking behind
her head much like Washu's.  She wears blue jeans and a white top, buttoned in the front which
displays her mid-rift and cleavage.  Around her bare shoulders, a deep blue cloak with a brown
stripe on the left side conceals her arms.  Also, the kanji "ten", meaning "heaven", is sewn into
the cloak in white, a sight that takes Ayeka aback momentarily.}

{Ryoko smiles contentedly as the two children approach before she crouches down to speak with
them.  Slowly, Ayeka and Nagi walk toward this woman, analyzing who this is.  Soon, they hear her
soft voice instructing the kids.}

Ryoko:  ... is painting so try not to get in his way.  Okay?

Masako & Minagi:  Yes, ma'am!

{She motions inside.}

Ryoko:  Now, go on, or Sasami's dinner'll get cold!

{Aghast, the eyes of the two widen before they quickly dash inside, leaving Ryoko alone with her
two guests.  She glances idly over to them, putting her hands on her hips with her eyes closed as
she starts to antagonize her half-sister.}

Ryoko:  You're later than usual, Sis.  Did Pii beat you there again?

{She opens her eyes and then blinks in surprise to see Ayeka standing alongside Nagi.  She shakes
her head and then looks again in disbelief.}

Ryoko:  Ayeka...?

{Her hands slip from her hips to fall at her sides while the reality finally settles.  She
glances at the ground before looking back at the princess quietly.}

Ryoko:  I... I didn't know you were coming...  I would have told Sasami and Tenchi...

{Nagi begins to speak before Ayeka steps forward and speaks in a seemingly pleading tone.}

Ayeka:  Where's Sasami...?  Can I see her...?

{Ryoko nods with a little confusion at her urgency.}

Ryoko:  Of course...  She's in her room...  third floor across from Masako's...

{Ayeka runs into the house without even kicking her shoes off as she climbs the stairs from the
living room to the third floor.  She looks down the hallway and sees a child's nameplate on one
door with the kanji for "Masaki Masako" painted beautifully, the caligraphy merging with a
portrait of a Jurai tree and an Ohki crystal.  She passes by it and stops at the door across from
the boy's chamber to face the room of her sister, presumably.  A door slides open when Ayeka
hears the one voice that makes her the most uncomfortable, Tenchi's.}

Tenchi:  Masako!  Minagi!  I thought I said no running in the house!

{The princess glances down the corridor and sees a different man standing than she would have
expected.  She is taken aback by his apparent age, given by the waist-length ponytail and more
focused demeanor of Tenchi Masaki.  Their eyes meet, and time seems to stop for Ayeka.  She
raises her hands to her heart while taking a step back when Tenchi asks her questions.}

Tenchi:  Ayeka...?  Is that you, Ayeka?

{She forces the awkwardness and heart-ripping pain away when she pushes her arms back to her
sides.  She questions him directly, and hopingly.}

Ayeka:  Tenchi... is my sister Sasami in here?  Please say that she is...

{He nods slowly as he answers her in a worried tone.}

Tenchi:  Yes, she is...  What's wrong, Ayeka?  I thought you said you never...

{Ayeka shakes her head and turns to the door again, resting her hand on the door handle.  Her
face cringes as her hopes and fears unite into an emotional instability.}

Ayeka:  I have to see her...  I have to know she's alright...

{She closes her eyes and slams the door open before Tenchi runs to her side.  Behind them, Ryoko
and Nagi top the stairs and stand with them peering into the bed chamber of the younger Jurai
princess.}

{Ayeka opens her eyes slowly to see not the room decorated by her sister, but a hole in the house
open to the outside.  Where the room should be, only a simple framework of wood holds the roof
above them while the wind and sunlight of Okayama freely grace the Juraian's face.  Gazing out at
the distant trees and mountains as if from a body-length window, Ayeka's eyes fill with tears
while she falls to her knees, sobs beginning to overtake her.}

{Tenchi, Ryoko, and Nagi kneel at her side as the princess buries her face in her hands, her soft
cries calling for her sister.}

Ayeka:  Sasami...!!  I can't do this...!!  I can't keep finding hope and losing it...!!

{Nagi pats Ayeka on the back gently, speaking to her softly.}

Nagi:  This is an illusion...  Remember, Ayeka...?  This isn't real...  It doesn't matter if you
	find her here or not...  It wouldn't be the real Sasami anyway...

{The princess's face raises from her hands to look over at Nagi's sincere expression.  Ayeka nods
slowly when Tenchi and Ryoko finally voice their confusion at the dialogue between Ayeka and
Nagi.  Both seem worried about Ayeka's situation, as well as the room missing in their house.}

Ryoko:  Nagi, what's going on here?  I don't recall Ayeka making a visit here today, and what
	happened to Sasami's room?!

Tenchi:  Both Sasami and her room were here a few hours ago when I came up to work on the still-
	life.  I don't remember Washu scheduling an experiment for now, and I doubt Nerti would do
	something this radical either.  Ayeka, what's wrong?  Has anything happened on Jurai or to
	Sasami?

Ryoko:  Tell us.  What's wrong?  Can we help at all?

{Nagi sighs and looks back at the two locked in the dream with a serious expression.}

Nagi:  Listen to me, both of you.  This... all this world you see around you is an illusion, a
	dream made by Tsunami.  She made it to give the two of you the rest you'd need before
	facing Tokimi again.

{Both Tenchi and Ryoko are taken aback by the name "Tokimi".  The confusion is plain in their
faces as they try to understand.}

Tenchi:  Tokimi...?

Ryoko:  What're you talking about?  Tokimi was defeated almost six years ago!  Don't you
	remember?

Tenchi:  Yeah, she's been locked on the Goddess Plane ever since.

{Nagi stands and glares at the two deluded people.  She raises her voice as she demands answers
from their apparent foresight.}

Nagi:  Then, how did we defeat her?

{Ryoko starts to answer and then stops immediately, seemingly losing the thought.  She glances at
Tenchi to see him pondering to himself similar questions while Nagi continues.}

Nagi:  How did Sasami recover?  How was this house built?  When were your children born?

{Nagi raises her burned hands and finishes her rhetorical argument.}

Nagi:  Why are my hands still burned?

{Tenchi and Ryoko examine the scalds and scorches across Nagi's hands before looking at each
other, realizing the truth slowly.  The Ryo-Juraian nods and lowers her hands.}

Nagi:  The battle is not over, but it will be if we do not act now.  Tokimi is weak now after...

{She stops herself, shutting her eyes and lips tightly before continuing through clinched teeth.}

Nagi:  ... after Tsunami gave herself...  I will not let her sacrifice be in vain...!!

{Upon hearing Tsunami's name, both Tenchi and Ryoko begin to realize the gravity of the
situation, the ghastly truth.}

Ryoko:  Tsunami...!!

Tenchi:  Sasami...!!

{Both Tenchi and Ryoko's forms slowly seem to solidify, becoming glossy and more glass-like.
Ayeka wipes her eyes and stands at Nagi's side, also witnessing the fantasy around the two
beginning to fade.  She touches the coating around Tenchi and Ryoko lightly, feeling its smooth
finish while her eyes watch the surface vacantly.}

{Nagi simply glares at the pale figures as the violet blade of her Jurai sword crackles into
existance from the Key around her hand.  She touches the edge of the blade against Ryoko's second
skin and raises an eyebrow when no cut is made.}

Nagi:  What...?!

{Nagi then draws her sword back and spins into a full-strength swipe at Ryoko's arm, but the
blade only halts at the surface.  She shakes her head with frustration appearing in her words.}

Nagi:  Damn...  What the hell is this?  You see any crevices or openings, Ayeka?

{Ayeka does not answer before Nagi looks up to see the princess still looking vacantly at the two
before her.  The hunter calls her again, more forcefully.}

Nagi:  Ayeka!

{The regal lady speaks softly to herself, looking at the victims of illusion before her, those
words both longing and detached.}

Ayeka:  My fault...  If I hadn't let him control me...

{Gradually, the princess's words and face regain emotion, passion and soul returning to her.}

Ayeka:  Ryoko wouldn't be... and Tenchi would be...

{Her facial features scowl when she finalizes her thought, her fingernails scraping the second
skin as her hand grips into a fist against Tenchi and Ryoko's shells.}

Ayeka:  ... and Sasami would be...!!

{She shuts her eyes and bares her teeth when her hair suddenly flashes a beautiful azure color.
Nagi then witnesses a wave of Jurai Power expand from Ayeka, sweeping through the room.  As that
energy moves, it smashes through the shells of Tenchi and Ryoko, tossing the pieces of their
facades to the ground.}

{Tenchi and Ryoko both appear as they did before this illusion:  Tenchi with short hair and a
rather aloof manner while Ryoko with free hair and her rogue wiles.  The two shake their heads
and open their eyes to see witness Ayeka's glowing azure rage with awe.  Nagi also watches the
princess with a great deal of surprise at this manifestation of the Jurai Power.}

{Soon, Ayeka's hair reverts to the regal violet again as she opens her eyes to see the results of
her work, the two freed allies to their cause.  She smiles hopefully before Tenchi and Ryoko
glance at each other quietly.  Tenchi then turns to Ayeka solemnly.}

Tenchi:  Ayeka...  I think we have some...

{Ayeka raises her hand to stop Tenchi's words.  He looks into her eyes to see the tears at the
edges of her face, held back by her will alone.  She shakes her head.}

Ayeka:  No... Lord Tenchi...  We have something more important at the moment...  Do we not?

{Tenchi nods in silence, acknowledging Ayeka's decision.  Ayeka closes her eyes and bows deeply
toward Ryoko, asking her forgiveness.}

Ayeka:  I'm... sorry, Lady Ryoko...  sorry for what I did...

{Ryoko takes a knee and looks into Ayeka's eyes, which open to meet her golden counterparts.}

Ryoko:  I knew it wasn't you, Ayeka...  You and I have had our fights before.  That's how I knew
	it wasn't you.  Nothing that came from your lips then was from the Ayeka I knew.  The woman
	I see here is the Ayeka Jurai who was my foil... and my friend.

{Ayeka smiles happily and stands erect once more while Ryoko rises to her feet again.  Ryoko then
smiles wryly, a tear in her own eye.}

Ryoko:  And, you better visit more often than you did in this fake world, too!  Else, I'll kick
	your royal ass!  Hear me, princess?!

{Ayeka nods with a wider smile.}

Ayeka:  Only if Sasami and Nagi cook!  I'll never visit if you even touch the ingredients or
	utensils!

{The two then nod to each other while Tenchi and Nagi smile at the sight, one missed in all this
recent gravity.  Tenchi turns to Ayeka and asks her about the situation, all becoming serious
once more.}

Tenchi:  Then, we're going to face her again?

{Ayeka nods as Nagi adds.}

Nagi:  Yes, the four of us.  Two others will join us after the battle has started.  The only
	issue we will have to deal with is the goddess's Light Hawk Wings.

{Tenchi and Ryoko both nod and look into each other's eyes.  An unspoken thought is exchanged
between them before Ryoko assures Nagi.}

Ryoko:  We'll make due.  Trust me.

{Nagi eyes them oddly before simply accepting their word.}

Nagi:  I'll take you at your word on that, Sister.  We'll have to hurry.  I don't think it'll
	take long for Tokimi to regenerate herself even after fighting Tsunami.

{Tenchi and Ryoko face Nagi seriously and concur.}

Tenchi:  Then, take us back, Nagi.

Ryoko:  Let's finish this.  That bitch deserves more than just one painful death.

{Ayeka looks from Tenchi to Ryoko quietly as Nagi's violet blade vanishes, and her Key and gem
shine as before.  Ayeka glances down at the floor as her tear finally rolls down her face and
drops from her chin to the false floor below them.  Ryoko glances at Tenchi with a soft smile as
she whispers to him, gaining his gaze and attention.}

Ryoko:  Was this just another fake world... or could this one be real one day...?

{Tenchi shakes his head with a loving smile back.}

Tenchi:  Just remember what you told me, Ryoko...  The carnival comes and goes... but if you
	wait, it will come back to you...

{Ryoko nods when something behind her catches her eye.  She looks back and sees two figures
standing behind her.  Tenchi follows her gaze, and they both are taken aback by the sight:  a
young man and a young woman standing side by side, both around seventeen or eighteen years old.
The young man has a solemn expression and a hidden pain behind his eyes while his short cyan hair
spikes around his head.  He wears a brown Juraian battlesuit, but his hand holds the Light Hawk
Sword loyally at his side.  The young woman's flaring cyan mane partially hides her kind and
generous eyes while the two scars on her face distinguish her from the woman watching her.
Across her body, a white and black combat uniform surrounds her while a blue energy blade extends
from her hand.  The woman raises her hand and waves while both of their voices are heard to
Tenchi and Ryoko's ears.}

Young man & Young woman:  Good luck...

{Watching those two, Tenchi and Ryoko nod silently as the light of Nagi's Key and gem envelop the
fantasy world, pulling the four real people back into reality.  The energy fades revealing the
medical room as it was before:  Nagi and Ayeka facing one another, Tenchi and Ryoko in their
beds, and L watching the monitors.  Sleepily, all four from the dreamscape revive, and L turns
toward them with a smile on her face.}

L:  Welcome back.

{Ayeka and Nagi stand with a silent nod for the MiB agent while Tenchi and Ryoko sit up slowly
rubbing their eyes and shaking the sleep away from their minds.  L examines the readings for
Tenchi and Ryoko as well as Ayeka and Nagi before she grins in satisfaction.  Tenchi and Ryoko
stand weakly on their legs before their strength returns, although they are still dressed in the
drafty hospital gowns.  Nagi glances over at her sister and asks her gravely.}

Nagi:  Think you can teleport us to downtown Manhattan?

{Ryoko looks back with a sly expression as a disk of energy manifests above her head and floats
down over her body, the gem on her bracelet shining brightly.  The disk replaces Ryoko's drafty
cloak with her new black combat uniform, draped in the crimson flames of Ryoan heritage.  Around
her neck and wrists, golden armor materializes for protection, the one on her left wrist
encrusting around the ruby gem.  Down both sides of her face, the black mark of Oniko darkens her
face, giving her a fiercesome appearance.}

{Nagi nods with a growing smile on her face while Ayeka is taken aback by the form of her old
ally.  Nagi grips her Key tightly as her Jurai Power flares around her, shifting her spikey Ryoan
hair into a fluid Juraian state as the black mark on her face grows along right side of her face
to mirror her left.  Her fire uniform and cape flash to transform into her white and red kimono,
adding grace to her well-defined movements.}

{Tenchi nods when a wave of white light passes over his body from his forehead, changing the
simple sheet around him into the white gi and hakama he wore to save Ryoko in the dark planet
days before.  He raises his hand toward the sleeping Tenchiken across the room, causing it to fly
at his hand and changing in flight into the Light Hawk Sword.  He takes the white sword at his
side while Ayeka glances quietly at the Juraian combat gear on the ground from Tsunami's battle.}

{The tears in her eyes dry as her gaze becomes cold and determined.  The crest on her tiara
shines when her hair flares into the blue color and changes styles into the same from her
mindscape against Kain II.  The combat gi on the ground levitates before her while her kimono
glows white.  The battle persona passes onto Ayeka's body, the white kimono vanishing into the
gi.  Suddenly, the white and blue of the uniform changes to black and red while a new Juraian
Mark of Rage crosses her face, one with two claws spiking across each cheek.  She raises her gaze
to meet the other three warriors with her.  Tenchi, Ryoko, and Nagi each are surprised by Ayeka's
new azure form, but all grin confidently and supportively towards her.}

{L watches this, the original awe overshadowed by her hope in the four standing before her in
grandeur.  Ryoko extends her hand as a disk of light appears.  The group turns to L solemnly
before Tenchi makes one last request.}

Tenchi:  Tell Zed to start evacuating people from Earth... and go to J's side, L...  He needs you
	now most of all...

{A few tears appear in her strong eyes as she nods.  The four then turn to their fates as they
enter Ryoko's gateway and vanish.}

End Scene 2

Scene 3

{Within the recesses of Ryoshu-Tokimi's stronghold, silence pervades the surroundings alongside
an unnatural stillness.  The altar chamber is dressed in grey hues as a few rays of moonlight
stray into the room from holes created from the battle between the goddesses.  The walls no
longer bear the six symbols of the fated warriors while rubble litters the floor.  However, a
circle of cleanness surrounds the altar itself where Nerti Ro lays nearly motionless, her slow
and uneven breathing barely audible.  Still in a heap a distance from the altar, Will Pii remains
alive covered in minor debris and dust from the collapsed ceiling.}

{Opposite the door into the room, a makeshift throne of stone has been constructed for its
occupant, the Goddess Tokimi inhabiting Ryoshu of Ryua's body.  The immortal woman now shows
injury from her battle against her younger sister:  her shoulder armor cracked and shattered, the
crimson and obsidian dress shredded, exposed lacerations oozing oily black fluid, and the regal
claws broken or torn away.  Her right hand can be seen to be slashed and burnt horribly from
holding the sword of Pii and Ro, which lays silently against her seat closeby.  Her face,
however, is not seen as she wears a nondescript porcelain mask, only her hair and ears visible.
That hair is scorched and sliced as is the streamer crown over her head.}

{Through the eyes of the mask, the glowing red and blue eyes can be seen shining very strong
despite her physical condition.  She blinks and then looks once more at the blonde woman across
her altar coldly, the sound of Ryoshu's voice gone now leaving only the dark goddess.}

Tokimi:  Nerti Ro... child born of my design... destined to wield my power... and possess my
	essence... and yet... you deny all that to your very soul...

{A glare crosses her eyes while her tone becomes very harsh and sincere.}

Tokimi:  I swear by my immortal life... when my strength returns... I will visit my vengeance
	upon you... and those whom you love most dear...  This trespass has lead to frustration...

{She then looks up suddenly towards the door, raising her head slightly.  She stands upon the
damaged legs and approaches the door slowly, going around the altar.  The goddess's glare
subsides some while the features of her mask twist into a slight grin.}

Tokimi:  Yet, my dear child... your allies seem not to understand when to concede defeat...

{Around the broken Ryoan, the fifteen Light Hawk Wings of the dark goddess appear while the
silver sword at the side of her throne flies to her side as she passes through the doorway.
Outside the office building, four of the Six Warriors arrive and await their enemy:  Tenchi
Masaki dressed in his ultra battlesuit with the Light Hawk Sword at his side, Ryoko of Ryua
wearing the golden edged fire uniform with the mark of Oniko down her face, Ayeka of Jurai in the
recolored gi and azure hair of Tsunami while the Mark of Rage claws across her cheeks, and Nagi
of Jurai shifted by her Jurai heritage and bearing the white and red kimono of her power with her
Key in hand.}

{All four reflect a strict determination based from their prior pain and loss from the evil they
now face, though some seem to control it better than others.  Tenchi and Nagi both appear calm
with the fires of rage burning behind their gazes, but Ryoko and Ayeka visibly are tense and
filled with hatred.  Then, the silhouette of the enemy appears in the subtle moonlight drifting
through the corridors of the building before them.  As in her fight with Tsunami, she possessed
the five dark Keys of Jurai as well as the silver sword opposite of the Light Hawk Sword, which
cuts at her hand even further.  The black armor from her wings guards her body while the nine
free wings float at her sides.}

{Looking upon Tokimi wearing the white mask, the three who had faced Kain are taken aback
somewhat.  Ayeka especially reacts with a slight gasp, seeing the face of the evil borne of her
jealousy and hatred once again before her.  The mask's grin widens.}

Tokimi:  I see that my son's face is still etched well into your minds.

{She raises the sword of Pii and Ro.}

Tokimi:  Yet, it will be this which will carve my name into your souls.

{Gazing at that sword, fear leaves Ayeka's eyes when she hears the clash of the Light Hawk Sword
against the white sword in Tokimi's hand within her mind.  The princess steps forward from the
other three and glares deep into the glowing eyes of the enemy, anger slowly becoming rage.}

Ayeka:  Whether you win the day or are defeated, you will know retribution for harming my sister,
	ageless whore!!

{Tokimi glares at the princess when Nagi too steps forward with a similar tone growing within
her.}

Nagi:  And my mother!!  Goddess or no, you have no right to do what you've done here!!

{The dark goddess's gaze shoots over to the bastard of Jurai when Ryoko comes to her sister's
side, the two siblings now seeming dark reflections of one another.}

Ryoko:  Our mother, the real Ryoshu, was many things in her life:  a wife, a mother, a lover...
	and probably more than we even know... but I know damn well she's cheering us to kill you,
	bitch!  You've degraded and poisoned the memory of our mother, and for that, I'll
	personally cut you open so Nagi can finish you off!!

{Tokimi's mask curls its face into a scowl when Tenchi stands between Ayeka and the daughters of
Ryoshu.  His face is quiet and solemn much like Yosho's was years ago, but a fire can be seen in
his eyes and felt in his voice when he speaks to the goddess.}

Tenchi:  And, I will be there with them.  Sasami was a precious girl and did not deserve this
	life, destined or not.  Ending both her life and her innocence is unforgivable.  I lost my
	mother, possibly by your son's interference in time, and know the loss Ryoko and Nagi have
	felt.  If my mother was standing here in Ryoshu's place, resurrected to kill worlds and
	entire races of people, I would also want to bring her peace by ending your war here.  To
	that end, I stand against you.

{With those words, the triple-kite symbol appears and shine brightly on Tenchi's forehead as
reality cracks before him.  His three Light Hawk Wings open at his unspoken command when Ryoko
takes a step closer to Tenchi.  The triple-disk symbol burns on her forehead when her two Light
Hawk Wings uncase themselves next to Tenchi's three.  Tokimi's eyes shoot to Ryoko in surprise
when Ryoko glares back and explains quickly, summoning a red energy sword to her hand.}

Ryoko:  And, so will I.  Don't look so surprised, "goddess".  After all, you took my mother
	because of her bloodline, right?

{Nagi grins when her fated symbol shimmers into being as the Key at her side flashes emerald.
The gem in the Key's crest then shines a brilliant crimson as the fiery blade of Jurai and Ryua
flares out at her side.  However, it now burns in a controlled blaze, unlike the wild nature from
her last use of it.  The child of two worlds draws the dark goddess's attention with that
weapon.}

Nagi:  Both Achi and Sasami saw this coming, Tokimi.  This is not mere coincidence that the
	royalties of two worlds, one you nurtured in the past, have come to challenge you.  Ayeka?

{Ayeka nods, removing her tiara with her right hand to reveal the twin chevron flaring on her
forehead.  Without a word, the tiara shoots out an azure, triangular blade of Jurai Power at the
princess's side, which she raises before her face.  The goddess watches the royal, seeing far
more power from her than when they fought before.}

Ayeka:  Agreed, and by both Queen Achi and dear Sasami, I join this battle.  However, not as the
	crown princess of Jurai...  I am simply Ayeka, warrior of Jurai.

{Tokimi closes her eyes as the mask's features become solemn in her answer.}

Tokimi:  Very well, royals of light and shadow...

{Her eyes then reopen coldly as the nine free wings at her command sharpen into blades without a
sound.}

Tokimi:  Then face your beginning, and your end!!

{The nine blades rocket towards the four beings before the dark goddess as the five wings of
Tenchi and Ryoko rise to block the majority of them.  The five wings of Tenchi and Ryoko
annihilate with five of Tokimi's in a glass shattering before fading away.  The remaining four
blades aim themselves at each of her opponents.  Tenchi swings the Light Hawk Sword into the wing
facing him to knock it away with major cracks and stress damage.  Nagi raises her dual sword to
block, but the wing forces her backward while she pushes against it.  Shortly, she sends the wing
away, but her cradles her weapon hand, her wounds not completely healed.}

{Neither Ryoko nor Ayeka wait for their incoming attackers, but rather rush toward them.  The
feet of both leave the ground as they dart beneath the two wings and assault the dark goddess
with Ryoko's crimson katana and Ayeka's azure blade.  The burning blade of Kagato meets Ayeka's,
but the princess powers through the dark sword, shattering it.  Ryoko's blade strikes against the
blade of Pii and Ro, but unlike Ayeka, Ryoko's sword is the one that splinters.  Unshaken, Ryoko
grips her left fist tightly and punched straight at Tokimi's mask.  On impact, the white mask
cracks and chips against Ryoko's knuckles before Tokimi raises her foot to sidekick the Ryoan
away.}

{Ayeka swipes again, cutting along the goddess's robes before sparking against the obsidian armor
protecting her body.  Tokimi drops the hilt of the dark Jurai sword to slap Ayeka across the face
with her broken claws.  Ryoko and Ayeka are both tossed away but quickly recover themselves in
the air, Ayeka holding herself with her left arm while minor cuts bleed on her face.  Ryoko
glances to her partner and worriedly calls her name.}

Ryoko:  Ayeka...!!

{Tenchi's eyes dart between the other three before his feet leave the ground when he flies at the
enemy wielding the Light Hawk Sword.  His three wings uncase themselves as he takes one wing and
remolds it into a holy sword in his left hand.  He crosses his blades before swiping with both at
Tokimi when two wings open for her to block both swords.  He pushes forward as the Light Hawk
Sword physically breaks into the wing holding it back.  The area where Ryoko punched the mask
breaks away, exposing the charred and mutilated skin of Ryoshu beneath while the possessing being
speaks.}

Tokimi:  As the knight paladin, you are strong and valiant, Masaki...

{Ryoko's eyes widen when those words echo in her ears, resurrecting her nightmare at Tenchi's
bedside.  She shakes her head as she levitates and then flies recklessly toward Tenchi and
Tokimi, a sword appearing in each of her hands.  Worry and fear enter her voice and face.}

Ryoko:  No...!!  Not again...!!

{Tenchi pulls back as Tokimi steps into a back stance, readying her claws to launch forward while
three wings appear over her head and sharpen into spears directed at the Juraian prince.  Time
slows as he takes a defensive posture when the three spears fly at him.  Two of his wings fly up
to take away two of the incoming weapons, but one remains when Ryoko appears next to him and
pushes him aside with her elbow.  Her two wings materialize, one taking the impact of the last
spear when Tokimi steps forward with the broken claws of her left hand.  Ryoko's second wing
moves down and blocks her hand, but the enemy then pulls the arm back and spins, bringing the
silver sword in her right hand aimed at Ryoko's neck.}

{Ayeka and Nagi both yell out Ryoko's name while Tenchi pushes himself to his feet between Ryoko
and the incoming blade.  Ryoko's jaw opens to scream when he raises both the holy sword and the
Light Hawk Sword to meet the enemy.  He grits his teeth when the impact hits, breaking and
destroying the holy sword while the impact between the Light Hawk Sword and the blade of Pii and
Ro explodes into a flash of white light accompanied by red and blue sparks.  The force released
throws Tenchi and Ryoko back toward Ayeka and Nagi while Tokimi is enveloped in that white light,
her mask cracking along the other side as well now.}

{In MiB HQ, J stands on the steps of the demolished Triborough building, watching the distant
exchange of light from the battle.  He folds his arms and shakes his head solemnly when he hears
soft footsteps behind him.  He glances back over his shoulder to see L approaching him slowly
with tears in her eyes.  He blinks in surprise at her as he turns to face her while she speaks.}

L:  Hey, partner...

{She stops before him and looks longingly into his eyes, making him become more serious when he
questions her softly.}

J:  What's wrong, Laur...?

{Before he can finish her true name, L wraps her arms around him and holds him tightly, burying
her face in his shoulder.  He reacts in pain from the taped rib acquired by his involvement in
the last major offensive against the dark goddess.  He then feels the dampness of her tears
soaking his suit and blocks the pain of his rib out of his mind.  Her muffled voice answers his
question sufficiently in her wavering voice tone.}

L:  Just hold me, Jay...  I don't want to die alone like Mitsuki...

{J shakes his head while the fingers of his right hand run through her raven hair before coming
to rest on her back.}

J:  She didn't die alone...  We were there with her... and her lover probably is with her now,
	watching Tenchi and the others kick Tokimi's ass...

{She pulls away to gaze back into his eyes again.}

L:  You know what I mean, James...

{He closes his eyes and nods slowly.}

J:  I know, Laurel...

{She lowers her head once more into his chest while he holds her close also, shutting out the
outside world from their moment.  Within the underground complex of the MiB, Kiyone sits up in
her bed, her legs covered by the sheets.  The black tanktop she wears barely covers the bandages
which cover the wounds she sustained in combat.  She is quiet as she watches holographic images
floating above the control cube in her hands.}

{Her blue eyes sadly gaze at the depiction of Mihoshi, Mitsuki, and herself many years ago in the
GP academy.  The three of them smile as they pose for a portrait, all of them wearing dress
uniforms.  Young Kiyone wears a silver medal around her neck while Young Mitsuki has a medal of
gold.  Together, they speak happily.}

Young Kiyone, Young Mihoshi, & Young Mitsuki:  Galaxy Police Class of UC '91!  Friends forever!!

{Young Mihoshi then becomes overwhelmed with giggles before Young Kiyone baps her lightly in the
head with a mild scowl.}

Young Kiyone:  Silly girl!

{Young Mitsuki shakes her head with a slight grin.}

Young Mitsuki:  You're both silly from what I see, Kiyone.

{Young Kiyone's face beads with sweat while she wryly smiles.  The modern Kiyone watches the past
quietly while tears appear in her eyes when the door opens.  Kiyone looks up to see Mihoshi step
in silently before glancing at her partner, surprised that she is awake.  Mihoshi is in her GP
uniform but has removed her jacket, which hangs across a chair neck to Kiyone's bed.  The blonde
officer sees the holographic recording and smiles gently before taking her place at Kiyone's
side.  Both are quiet as they take a moment in memory at the past events playing out before them.
Mihoshi breaks the silence first, pulling Kiyone's attention away from the past.}

Mihoshi:  Been a long time since then...

{Kiyone nods with a soft smile.}

Kiyone:  Yeah...  I miss those days...

{Mihoshi sets her chin in her hands as her blue eyes peacefully watch the silliness of their
youth, though her eyes no longer have the innocence they once had.  Kiyone turns back to the
control cube as she starts to speak.}

Kiyone:  Everything that's happened...  I've been reevaluating a lot of things in my life...

{Mihoshi blinks and then looks over to her teal-haired companion, who solemnly readjusts the
control cube.  The three-dimensional image before them changes from the three young GP officers
to Kiyone and young Sasami talking in the kitchen of the Masaki residence.  In the image,
Kiyone's eyes are calm and peaceful speaking with the young princess while the young girl is
contented to have someone with whom to share her thoughts.  Mihoshi looks at the vision of the
past and begins to realize what her partner meant.  Kiyone continues.}

Kiyone:  These past few days are the closest we've come to being killed, Mihoshi...  Both of us
	are twenty-four... and I've finally realized how short our lives are... as well as how
	easily they can slip away...

{Mihoshi watches as Kiyone's eyes fill with tears watching Sasami and herself in the image, not
noticing that her own tears have rolled down her face.  Sasami's giggle rises from the ghost-like
figures above the cube when a point of light appears above the bed.  The two officers look up
from the image to see the floating dot, which expands gradually.  Kiyone deactivates the cube and
rolls out of the bed while Mihoshi watches the expanding sphere begin to take a human shape,
female with flowing hair.  Both are in awe as this glowing girl gently lands on the bed, her
light dimming to reveal her identity.}

{Draped only in her own hair, the unconscious girl laying before them is Sasami Jurai, Ayeka's
younger sister, yet she is no longer the woman Tsunami aged her to be nor the girl of ten years
she was before.  Her physical maturity seems that of a young woman of fifteen years, surprising
both officers.  She bears no visible wounds, but her breathing is slow as is the beating of her
heart.}

{The awe leaves Kiyone first as she uses her unbandaged arm to wrap the princess in the top sheet
of the bed.  She looks up to Mihoshi before quickly ordering her.}

Kiyone:  Stay here with her.  I'll get a doctor.

{Mihoshi nods as the teal-tressed woman darts out the door and dashes down the corridor.  Kiyone
runs down the corridor, passing a door marked with the names "duSoleil, Angelbane" and "duSoleil,
Cassandra".  Within that room, Angelbane stands over Cassandra's motionless form laying in her
bed, the beeping of the heart monitor keeping a steady beat.  He is dressed once more in his full
plate armor and cape with his claymore upon his back and energy blade's hilt on his belt.  Though
his armor is scorched and broken from his fight with Tokimi, he wears it regardless as he leans
over his wife and gently kisses her lips.  He whispers a few words into her ear.}

Angelbane:  I have one more duty here, my love...  Rest now...

{He then stands straight once more before turning away from her, glancing over his shoulder
momentarily at her before consigning himself to his mission.  He clasps his hands together before
him as he bows his head with a few words of apology.}

Angelbane:  Forgive me, my people... but this must be done...

{A flash of light envelops him as he vanishes from the medical ward, reappearing within the altar
chamber of Tokimi where Nerti and Pii reside.  He quickly goes to Nerti's side and checks her
vital signs, his concern growing quickly.  He shakes his head as he lays his right hand on her
shoulder, quietly chanting an incantation.  Nerti is surrounded by an aura of light and
disappears from the room before the demigod rushes to Pii's side in the distant corner.  He
shifts the Terran's position to a seated posture while he calls for him to awaken.}

Angelbane:  Wake up, Will.  You look like hell, but you're needed here, not with Nerti on the
	spirit plane.

{Angelbane scowls at the unresponsiveness of the young man and draws back to slap his face when a
white broadsword flares from Pii's right hand.  The blade extends toward the demigod's hand when
Pii's brown eyes open with a mild scowl.  The Terran growls as his voice boils from his lungs.}

Pii:  Slap me and lose that hand, asshole...

{Angelbane grins and lowers his hand.}

Angelbane:  Glad to see you're still around.  Nerti in there with you?

{Upon the Terran's forehead, both the white and black blades appear as the mark of the Negative
One.  In reaction, the winged sword flares on the head of the demigod while Pii answers.}

Pii:  She's watching over me...  I'll handle this for us both...

{Angelbane nods and eyes the sword between them.}

Angelbane:  I see... well... Could you ditch the blade?  We have more important things to do.

{Pii edges the sword toward Angelbane's neck while his words gain an edge of severity.}

Pii:  Only if you swear to be where you need to be... not too damn late like before...

{Shame crosses the face of the immortal man as he nods sincerely.}

Angelbane:  I swear by my love for Cassandra, old friend...  Maybe one day, you can forgive me
	for that...

{Pii releases the blade to vanish, his eyes not losing that mistrustful glare.}

Pii:  Maybe...

{The hunter extends his hand as the demigod grips his hand and draws his ally to his feet.  Pii
leans against the wall to steady himself, still feeling the pain from his wounds when he looks up
towards the doorway, hearing the battle outside.  He glances to Angelbane with a sly look on his
face.}

Pii:  I feel like pissing her off...  How about you?

{A smile stretches Angelbane's face while the conflict outside continues unchecked.  Tenchi and
Tokimi clash the two opposing swords, raining colored light filament around the two of them.
Ryoko swings her two ruby katanas at the dark goddess only to strike a Light Hawk Wing.  As her
own wings materialize, the Ryoan darts away when two more of the goddess's wings appear and
attempt to strike her.}

{Ayeka stands determined within a force shield created by her wooden cylinders while her blue
blade flares at her side.  Behind her also beneath the shield, Nagi attempts to catch her breath
holding her dual sword.  Her right hand trembles painfully in maintaining the blade, but she
pushes that away as she stands at Ayeka's side.  The princess glances to her hunter companion,
her own weariness poking through her strong will.}

Ayeka:  Are you alright?

{Nagi nods and takes her kendo stance once more.}

Nagi:  As alright as I will get for now...

{Ayeka nods quietly, raising her weapon as well.}

Ayeka:  I understand.

{The hunter grins.}

Nagi:  You're far stronger than I expected, Princess Ayeka... not at all the frail flower I
	anticipated...

{The princess cracks a small smile.}

Ayeka:  Thank you, Lady Nagi... You have also proven yourself a kinder woman than I had once
	thought...

{Nagi looks back at Ayeka, seeing Tsunami's gentle nature and strong will reflected in the
crimson eyes of the Jurai princess.  The lady in the kimono nods before taking a calming breath,
focusing on her next move.  Then, she softly speaks to Ayeka.}

Nagi:  If we don't live through this... it's been an honor, princess...  Maybe in the next life,
	I'll have more of a chance to be what Father wanted...

{The princess becomes more grave whens he shakes her head.}

Ayeka:  Live free and true to yourself, Lady Nagi...

{Nagi blinks in surprise when Ayeka smiles back at her.}

Ayeka:  I learned that from your own sister.  That is why I am here... because I want to be free
	from the fear of the darkness and true to who I am... a daughter of Jurai... the same as
	you...

{Nagi nods with a smile of her own.}

Nagi:  Shall we return?

{Ayeka faces the battle outside once more.}

Ayeka:  Yes.

{Without a motion, the cylinders vanish as Ayeka darts towards Tenchi and Tokimi with Nagi close
behind her.  The prince meets the goddess's sword once more when the impact throws him back to
the ground just as Ayeka and Nagi pass him and both slash at Tokimi.  The silver sword in her
hand raises to defend the two blades when the force of their blows actually cause her sword to
drop slightly.}

{However, the goddess does push the two warriors away before the two of them swipe at her again.
With the sword in her hands, Tokimi quickly guards against Ayeka and Nagi as she then takes an
offensive strike toward Ayeka's neck.  The princess ducks and rolls when Nagi spins her dual
blade to clash against the enemy.  Tokimi gazes into the hunter's eyes when her cold voice calls
to the hunter.}

Tokimi:  Still denying yourself, dear child...?

{Nagi shakes her head.}

Nagi:  Your lies won't work twice...!!

{Tokimi's mask etches a grin in its porcelain finish.}

Tokimi:  Then join your mo...!!

{Before she can finish her sentence, the dark goddess turns to the side and raises a Light Hawk
Wing to stop Ayeka's blade before it touches her gown.  The grin fades from Tokimi's mask as she
glares at the princess.}

Tokimi:  Still full of rage, Ayeka?

{The wing pushes Ayeka back as she forces Nagi backward before the hunter backs to the others.
Ryoko lands with Ayeka and Nagi while Tenchi gets to his feet, all facing their enemy when she
brandishes the silver sword in her hand.}

Tokimi:  This skirmish has gone on quite long enough.  Between the four of you, the core of the
	Jurai Royal Family and the last of the lost Ryoan imperial line will die, leaving both
	worlds to await my arrival.

{As the mask begins to grin, a voice calls out to the blade in her hand, Pii's voice.}

Pii:  Sword of Fire... return to your master!!

{At those words, the white energy that had been attacking the goddess's hand pools together at
the hilt of the sword before exploding into a pure blade, cutting off that hand.  Tokimi yells
out in pain as the silver sword rockets to the building behind her where Pii and Angelbane
stand.}

{Pii extends his right hand and takes the blade from the air while his ally draws his two swords.
Tokimi turns to them while the mask over her face frowns in hate, her teeth grinding visibly
through the mouth.  Tenchi smiles and calls out to the last two compatriots.}

Tenchi:  Will!  Lord duSoleil!

{Pii lowers the sword at his side and leans against the doorway before he grins with a small
salute.}

Pii:  Good to see you aren't dead, Tenchi.  Want a little backup?

{Tenchi nods confidently.}

Tenchi:  Always.

{Ryoko, Ayeka, and Nagi smile widely with a glimmer of victory flashing in their eyes.  Where the
hand was cut from Tokimi's arm, black energy gathers before a clawed white glove materializes
around the vile flame.  The four dark Keys attached to her body glow a deep crimson as her rage
rises, flaring into a bloody flame at its peak.  Two of her wings float to her hands where she
grabs them, changing their structure into two thorned and serated swords.}

{Her remaining seven wings circle around her while the Six Warriors set themselves for her next
movement.  Tenchi and Ryoko open their combined set of five Light Hawk Wings while Pii closes his
eyes and whispers softly.}

Pii:  Nerti... we all need you one more time to control this sword... Pyro Blade...  Please...
	help me do this...

{As if to answer his words, a Light Hawk Wing opens before him, bringing surprise to many of the
others.  His eyes open once more as he takes the sword heavily in his hands with a word of
thanks.}

Pii:  Thank you... my love...

{Tokimi's eyes look from opponent to opponent around her before her gaze locks onto her primary
first target, Nagi and her dual sword.  She leaves the ground and flies at the Ryo-Juraian while
her seven free wings divide among the others around her:  two to Tenchi, two to Pii, one for
Ayeka, and one for Angelbane.  Tenchi slams two of his three wings into the two coming at him
while Pii swings his wing into one of the goddess's wings while swiping the Pyro Blade into the
other, knocking it aside.  Angelbane crosses his two swords when the incoming wing smashes into
the block, dragging him several meters back into the building before dissipating.}

{Ayeka darts into the sky when the wing directed at her changes direction to follow.  She draws
back to swipe when another wing appears and annihilates her adversary.  The princess glances up
to see Ryoko and her second wing floating a distance away.  Ayeka smiles kindly to her ally while
the dark goddess's blades come down at Nagi.  The bounty hunter blocks both with her flame blade
but is forced to one knee against the strength of her enemy.  Ryoko and Ayeka both come to her
side and swing their blades while Ryoko's two wings open at their sides.}

{The goddess breaks away from Nagi when her seven wings fly at the three women before her.  Ryoko
expands her wings wider to take the brunt of the impact, though five wings continue through her
barrier.  Ayeka and Nagi dodge to either side while Ryoko jumps into the air over the incoming
weapons.  The Ryoan tosses her two crimson blades at the dark goddess when Ayeka and Nagi flank
the enemy on either side.  Twin bolts of pale blue energy fly from the staves on Tokimi's back to
meet Ryoko's swords while the goddess stops Ayeka and Nagi's blades with her two black blades.}

{The two combatants minorly adjust their stances, trying to add more leverage to their poise, but
Tokimi simply adjusts herself and her blades to keep both from gaining ground.  Ryoko glares and
jets down at the dark goddess, gathering her red power in both palms while her two wings open at
her command.  Tokimi glances up and grins as she backs away from Ayeka and Nagi, allowing them to
stumble forward into Ryoko's target area.  The Ryoan gasps and slightly changes her direction to
land hard into the ground just ahead of where Ayeka and Nagi regain their footing.  The goddess
shakes her head.}

Tokimi:  Pathetic, all of you.

{She then spins around to see Tenchi swinging the Light Hawk Sword at her side.  She slightly
dodges, letting the prince's blade leave a slice in her gown before she sees a silver sword
coming down at her left.  She recalls two wings, one to block Tenchi as he strikes again while
the other stops the Pyro Blade in Pii's hands.  Both blocking wings crack from the stress of the
two swords as Tenchi and Pii both glance at the other, noting the effect of their weapons.  As
they hold their own against Tokimi, Azaka's voice questions the circumstances.}

Azaka:  I have not yielded my hopes, Lord Yosho... but I ask only your thoughts on their chances.

{Away from the battle in MiB HQ, Yosho stands glancing at the surroundings idly, and worriedly.
Azaka sits at Kamidake's bedside, the knight of red bandaged and asleep within this ward room.
Nobuyuki also is seated next at a table within the room, listening to the others.  Azaka gazes at
the back of Yosho's head as the legendary man glances to the side in thought before he answers.}

Yosho:  Each of them has changed so much, Azaka...  It's difficult to anticipate how they may
	interact now...

{The door opens when Washu steps into the room and quietly looks around at the gathered parties.
Yosho turns to the Ryoan scientist with a nod of acknowledgement.  Nobuyuki sits up straight in
his chair when he asks Washu seriously about more recent developments.}

Nobuyuki:  How's little Sasami, Washu?  I heard she reappeared...

{Washu's green eyes blink and gaze at the floor when her answer comes.}

Washu:  Hard to say right now...

{She looks up, noting all in the room have their attention set on her.}

Washu:  She is no longer the woman Tsunami turned her into.  She's physically only about fifteen
	years old.  Also, the Jurai Power in her body seems to have completely gone.  Even the mark
	on her forehead is missing.  I checked her brainwave patterns and astral pattern to find
	that she is normal for a Juraian girl, an ordinary girl.

{Azaka rises to his feet confused in his assumption.}

Azaka:  That cannot mean that...!

{Washu nods gravely.}

Washu:  Tsunami is gone, completely.  I don't know if you could say she's "dead" or not, but
	she's very much undetectable from the tests I've run.

Nobuyuki:  What about Sasami?  Will she be alright?  Everyone would...!

{Washu nods with a slight smile.}

Washu:  She's recover fine.  I saw to that first and foremost.

{Azaka glances back to Yosho seriously.}

Azaka:  That only leaves those facing the dark goddess...

{Yosho nods as the scene returns to the battle in downtown Manhattan.  Tenchi and Pii both pull
back as the other four gather around them.  Ayeka speaks first with a thought as they all watch
Tokimi reforming her seven free wings to a pristine state.}

Ayeka:  Tenchi... Pii... I noticed that both your swords actually damage the Light Hawk Wings...

{Both nod.}

Tenchi:  Yeah...

Pii:  I saw...

Ayeka:  I want the both of you to strike her most central wing together, side by side.  Also, use
	the six wings between the two of you and Ryoko to remove the other free six she has.

{Ryoko speaks up to clarify.}

Ryoko:  It's possible they could destroy that wing, but what after that?

{Nagi nods and raises her sword.}

Nagi:  We do what Tsunami said.  Either destroy the avatar body or erradiate it with Jurai Power
	so she cannot stay linked to it.

Angelbane:  Excellent plan, but flawed.  She won't hold still long enough to let that happen.

Pii:  Then you hold her, Bane.  You can match her physical strength.  Can't you?

{The demigod slightly scowls before he nods as well.  With the decision made, Tenchi and Pii
stand before Ryoko, Ayeka, and Nagi while Angelbane takes a position away from the group.  The
mask of the dark goddess glares deeply at Tenchi and Pii when the two launch forward, the three
women right behind them.  Around the goddess, her seven free wings appear while the six wings
open around the party charging her.}

{Before the seven wings can attack or defend, their six counterparts crash into them and dissolve
in a flash of light while Ryoko, Ayeka, and Nagi fan out behind the two young men.  Angelbane
vanishes from sight while Tenchi and Pii spin themselves into heavy swings of the opposite swords
aimed at the single remaining wing.  The swords impact the wing hard side by side, smashing the
exterior and cutting into the brilliant white core.  The light flashes out at the two of them,
forcing them to close their eyes and face away while driving forward.  Tokimi's eyes widen while
an aghast expression crosses her mask.}

{Between the two blades, azure and crimson arcs of lightning spark from sword to sword while
their wielders grit their teeth, summoning their energies into the swords to its utmost.  The
power radiates from them both when the wing continues to crack and then shatter into small
fragments of crystalline material.  Tenchi and Pii both fall forward and smash through Tokimi's
two black swords with their own, yelling to those behind them.}

Tenchi & Pii:  Now!!

{Ryoko's twin katanas reappear, but an azure color this time while Ayeka raises the blade emitted
from her tiara.  Nagi's sword vanishes but reappears a pure regal violet when the three women fly
around Tenchi and Pii.  Tokimi steps backward to evade but moves only a few centimeters when she
glances over her shoulder.  There, Angelbane's face glares back at her when the four blades of
the three women ram into Tokimi's abdomen, and through Angelbane's as well.  Angelbane surrounds
himself in a quiet light as he calls out to those who can hear his mind.}

Angelbane:  Give me your strength, my people...!  Let me hold this evil that it might die...!!

{His eyes gaze into the sky when his tone softens.}

Angelbane:  Tsunami...  if you can hear me... empower the daughters of your power...!  Help them
	defeat your sister here...!!

{Elsewhere at MiB HQ, young Sasami lays unconscious in a common medical chamber with doctors all
around her, taking measurements.  Without warning, the twin triangle marking shines into
existance on her forehead, drowning the room in an emerald light as her young frame arches its
back slightly.}

{Across the complex, those with Jurai blood are drawn away from their occupations, sensing the
sudden rise of the white goddess once more.  Yosho and Azaka spin around toward the doorway to
Kamidake's room while Kamidake himself pops his eyes open with a gasp.  Nobuyuki stands slowly
watching this when Washu also feels drawn to the same point as the Juraians, the dark power
within her reacting as well.}

{On the battlefield, the blades of Ryoko, Ayeka, and Nagi flare brighter and shift to an emerald
color, the two Keys flashing a pure white as does the gem on Ryoko's left wrist.  Tokimi screams
out as the black armor on her body shatters and reforms as the six wings that created it.  The
other nine gather with their kindred while the dark goddess bares her teeth, changing all fifteen
wings into golden spheres of energy.  Tenchi and Pii stand and take the flanks of the three women
as their combined four wings appear around them all and expand.}

{Tokimi raises her set of white claws and reaches for them when Nagi raises her free hand,
summoning both her powers together.  Dangerously, the opposites burn her hand as she sends the
ball of power into the black hand, ravaging it into purple ooze.  A beam of emerald Jurai Power
then cauterizes the goddess's wound, drawing Nagi's attention to Ayeka with free hand extended.
Ryoko watches them with a slight smile when all three and the two guarding them turn to see a
white figure begin to separate from the physical body of Ryoshu.  This female form roars her
voice loudly as all is drowned in her white light.}

Tokimi:  No!!

{The light dims to show all six warriors seated or lying around Ryoshu's collapsed form, the dark
Keys scattered a distance away.  Angelbane falls down holding the four stab wounds, grinning
painfully in the victory.  Pii leans forward, putting his weight mostly on his right arm and knee
and holding the Pyro Blade at his side as he regains his breath.  Tenchi does likewise and grins
at his opposite across the crowd.  Pii sees him and nods knowingly.  Ayeka replaces her tiara
upon her brow and seats herself in proper zarei fashion, clasping her hands in a prayer of
thanks.}

{Ryoko and Nagi, however, do not relax or give thanks.  Both, worn from the combat, flank their
mother's body as Ryoko slowly reaches for the white mask over Ryoshu's face.  Nagi watches
silently as Ryoko's fingers touch the mask lightly, but this pressure causes it to crack.  Soon,
it shatters as does the entire gown around Ryoshu's body.  A gentle wind blows away the debris to
show the Ryoan woman whole and unharmed by her ordeal, but still without life.  Tears well in
Ryoko's eyes as she wraps her arms around her mother's form, collapsing finally.  Nagi, too, is
consumed with her tears with her half-sister as the others watch in a solemn silence.}

{Softly, Ryoshu's voice is heard on the wind speaking to them all.}

Ryoshu:  Thank you...  Thank you all...

End Scene 3

Scene 4

{A gentle wind blows through the sakura trees surrounding Okayama, the pink petals falling from
the trees alongside the leaves of the approaching autumn.  A short distance from the Masaki
shrine, a cliff hangs over the nearby household with the black memorial marker of Achika Masaki
planted firmly near a blooming sakura tree.  The stone is covered in the pink petals of the tree
while one young man, Tenchi, kneels before the altar, incense burning in the vases integrated
into the monument.  Tenchi is dressed in grey hakama and a black gi with a black cloak bearing a
white disk on each shoulder.  His hands are together in prayer with his head bowed, speaking with
his mother quietly.  Tenchi's voice speaks as his head rises from the prayer.}

Tenchi:  The past three years have seen great changes, not only in the universe but in each of us
	as well.

{Slowly, the Juraian crown prince stands to his feet, his eyes gazing quietly at his mother's
memory.}

Tenchi:  I learned of my true lineage, my mother's strength, true friendship, sacrifice... and
	love...

{He looks up and glances to the side where two others stand, waiting for him:  Sasami and Nagi.
Both wear a white ceremonial gi with red hakama, though Sasami remains the fifteen-year-old girl
that she became after Tsunami's battle with Tokimi.  The young woman smiles gently while her
azure tresses flow freely behind her, no longer bound in the twin ponytails of Jurai heritage.
Upon her forehead, the twin triangles that mark Tsunami's presence are silent as Tenchi nods with
a quiet grin for her.}

Tenchi:  To save Sasami, Tsunami used what strength she had left to revive Sasami after her fight
	with Tokimi.  Washu and L both cared for Sasami while she was recovering, trying to see if
	Tsunami was still alive within her and if Sasami's experience as an avatar would leave any
	permanent injury.

{Tenchi walks over to Sasami and ruffles her hair some, making her blush and knock his hand away
in fun.  Nagi watches this quietly, her feline eyes soft and content in looking at the young
princess.  In her violet spikes of hair, the hairband Key is silent as is the crimson gem
embedded in its crest.}

Tenchi:  Sasami seems to remember nothing from the experience, but she acts much more mature than
	she did before.  In many ways, I think that Sasami was hurt the most by what happened.
	She's had to grow up so fast compared to her friends here and on Jurai.  We can only pray
	that if Tsunami is still within Sasami that she won't need her for a long time.

{The prince turns to the woman of Jurai and Ryua with a nod, noting that the black Mark of Rage
still exists down the left side of her face.}

Tenchi:  Nagi has probably matured as much as Sasami has.  Once the bounty hunter swearing
	Ryoko's death, she now has chosen to move into our family's home.  She won't admit it, but
	she has calmed down a great deal.  She is regularly with Sasami, talking with her in
	private.

{Tenchi's eyes turns to another memorial stone that now rests close to the treeline of the forest
around the cliff.  Similar to Achika's, the name "Ryoshu" is inscribed in kanji down the length
of the black stone and is honored with incense.  Tenchi turns to face the monument and bows
deeply and respectfully to it.  Nagi smiles to herself before she also bows to her mother's
grave, followed by Sasami.}

Tenchi:  Nagi and Ryoko both chose to have their mother buried here on Earth near where my mother
	was buried.  Ryoko almost insisted on it.  After years of not having a connection to her
	family, I can understand it.

{The three stand straight before turning to descend from the mountain, though Sasami hesitates.
She looks up into the sky for a moment when her forehead mark shimmers slightly.  A soft voice
speaks to her ears on the wind before she closes her eyes and shakes the feeling away.  The glow
fades from her face when she follows Tenchi and Nagi down the path.  As they walk, Ryo-Ohki and
Ken-Ohki both scamper up towards them, jumping onto Sasami and Nagi's shoulders, respectively.
Both nuzzle their respective person and purr happily.}

Tenchi:  With Nagi living here on Earth, Ken-Ohki and Ryo-Ohki were finally united permanently,
	which keeps Sasami busy looking after the two of them.  Of course, we had to plant more
	fields of carrots to feed them both, but watching them scamper around and the joy in
	Sasami's eyes makes the extra work far more than worthwhile.

{Nagi rubs the fur of her white companion while Sasami giggles, scratching Ryo-Ohki's head.
Soon, the group reaches the bottom of the path where Nobuyuki and Yosho stand awaiting them.
Nobuyuki is dressed in his formal attire similar to Tenchi while Yosho wears the formal robes of
a Shinto priest.  Both smile proudly at Tenchi while they join Nagi and Sasami at his sides.}

Tenchi:  Dad has been acting far different lately.  He and I have talked on several occasions
	recently about family, and he's told me a lot about when he and Mom were first settling
	into their life together here in Okayama.  Ever since Mom died, he's tried to fill the hole
	in his life with various things, but I think he's finally come to terms with her passing.

{Yosho reaches beneath his gi and pulls out the hilt to Tenchiken before handing it to Tenchi.
The young man accepts the Key with a nod before placing it beneath his own robes.  Yosho walks
next to Nagi who straightens some with the Legendary Warrior of Jurai beside her.}

Tenchi:  Grandpa has changed little through everything that's happened, although he has taken a
	new pupil.  After moving into the house, Nagi quickly asked Grandpa if he would become her
	instructor.  I have little doubt that Nagi will improve her skills, though I wonder just to
	want extent she'll change under Grandpa's gaze.

{High above them, Funaho floats in the sky, drawing the attention of the group upward.  The scene
fades to the bridge of the GP Headquarters' station, retrofitted with great banners and
streamers.  There, people from all the races interacted with by the MiB as well as the GP are
seated while several stand on the bridge itself.  Pii, dressed in a white tuxedo, stands next to
a man with teal hair falling over the left side of his face, hiding his blue eyes.  The other
man's stern features and slightly humorous nature evokes some aloofness from Pii, who keeps his
eyes set on the distant doorway.  Soon, Tenchi's silhouette appears as he steps along the
platform.  He reaches Pii and the third man, receiving greetings from the two of them.  Pii grins
to his friend and pats his shoulder confidently with a few laughing words.}

Tenchi:  Will Pii recovered from his wounds, though he still wields the dark power Tokimi gave to
	him.  However, he is not an enemy.  After what we've been through, I consider him a trusted
	ally and friend.  Nerti also healed with time, though her mind would take years to mend.
	Yet, the two of them together could challenge a goddess.  Given time, I'm sure they will
	live good lives.

{The two men nod to one another before they turn back to the doorway while Yosho also comes to
the front platform flanked by Sasami and Nagi.  Below, Nobuyuki enters and seats himself
alongside some of the many in attendance:  Washu, Kiyone, Sagami, Tensho, Azaka, Kamidake, J, L,
Zed, K, and R.  He greets them all and thanks them for their presence.  Each wears their most
formal attire:  Washu her doctoral robes while Kiyone and the others are in their dress uniforms.
However, J, L, Zed, K, and R are wearing GP dress uniforms.}

Tenchi:  Washu still lives in our home, though she tends to split her time on more projects now,
	though the most prominent is her investigation of the Light Hawk Wings possessed by Ryoko
	and myself.  I hesitate to comment on her methods of procuring specimen.  She does keep us
	on our toes in so many regards.

{Kiyone looks upward at the teal-haired man with Tenchi, Yosho, and Pii.  A happy smile stretches
across her lips when someone pats her shoulder gently from the seat behind her.  She raises her
hand to touch the man's hand caringly as a few tears escape her eyes.}

Tenchi:  Kiyone has done a lot of changing herself.  Mitsuki's death hit both her and Mihoshi
	very hard and made them think very seriously about their futures.  Kiyone remains in the
	Galaxy Police and gained many honors for her part in the battle on Earth.

{Tensho watches Nagi contentedly, seeing his daughter in a gentle manner with Sasami closeby.
Kamidake also has his eyes set on Nagi and a smile set across his lips, which draws Tensho's
attention.  Nagi's father grins to himself.}

Tenchi:  Kamidake, I think, has one of the more problematic situations.  He showed great courage
	when he fought Tokimi at Nagi's side.  He cares about her more than he'll admit, but I
	think that is his one drawback.  He doesn't seem able to speak about what he feels, except
	to Azaka and Tensho.

{Azaka glances at Kamidake before sighing to himself.  Sagami looks around the room quietly,
searching for one person in particular but is unable to see that person.  He sighs lightly to
himself and resigns to watch the events above.}

Tenchi:  Azaka remains at Kamidake's side, guiding his partner, but spends more of his time
	meditating on the changing state of affairs on Jurai.  He and Sagami speak regularly about
	the status of the Holy Council and its puerile debates.

{Zed, K, and R watch the surrounding congregation quietly while J and L hold each other's hand.
The two gaze deeply into each other's eyes before they share a short kiss.}

Tenchi:  Meanwhile, with the extensive visibility of the conflict on Earth, the MiB collapsed.
	However, the Galaxy Police made a deal with Zed.  He could lead the new Terran Branch of
	the GP.  Needless to say, he agreed and brought his personnel under the wing of the GP,
	though he lost a good deal of his control to his new superiors.  Also, the former MiB
	agents got their real names back and had to be trained as Galaxy Police officers.  James
	and Laurel quickly married during the construction of the GP branch on Earth.  Luckily, we
	caught them before their honeymoon and reassignment to be liaison officers on Jurai.

{Those in attendance soon become silent when three figures appear at the opposite side of the
platform from Tenchi, Yosho, Pii, and the teal-haired man.  All in attendance stand with a great
applause as an organ installed on the platform begins to play the wedding march.  Together, the
three figures step forward where they can be seen:  Ryoko, Mihoshi, and Nerti dressed beautifully
for this day.  Ryoko wears a hooded white kimono that flows across her features fluidly.
Tenchi's expression becomes simultaneously nervous and happily content looking upon her coming
slowly toward him.  Ryoko's face is locked in a happy smile as a few tears roll down her cheeks
at this moment.  Mihoshi wears a lacy white gown, her face partially hidden behind a veil of
silk.  Her eyes are set on the teal-haired man before her contentedly as his are upon her.  Nerti
also wears a gorgeous silk dress, though her veil floats not only over her face, but a portion of
its design encircles her golden vixen's tail of hair behind her.  Pii's eyes become apprehensive
and excited at once seeing her approach him slowly, in time with the other two women.  The three
women finally reach their male counterparts when Yosho steps between them and begins to speak to
not only them, but the congregation around them.  The speakers throughout the facility resound
with his great voice as he elaborates on the details of marriage and the true love found between
the six people before him.  Hearts pound in the impending outcome of this ceremony.}

Tenchi:  So much has changed...  It has been hard to believe...

{The scene fades to two of the three couples standing in the docking bay of the station:  Tenchi
and Ryoko Masaki as well as Will and Nerti Pii.  Outside through the glass, Funaho and Caroki can
be seen, repaired and waiting for their forthcoming passengers.  The four look at one another
with a few silent words of affirmation before they turn to their respective ships.}

Tenchi:  For six months, Ryoko and I wandered the stars as we had promised years ago.  We visited
	Jurai, Ryua, and several other places.  Though we did sightsee and spend time with one
	another, much of that time was used to make peace with ourselves.

{The scene changes to the streets of a reconstructed Manhattan, rebuilt using not only the latest
Terran construction but also the imported knowledge from the surrounding galaxy.  Vehicles float
over the land as well as shoot through the air, but a few pedestrians walk toward the new World
Trade Center Towers standing in downtown.  Tenchi, Ryoko, and Nagi stop at the new towers and
gaze up the height of the structures in a somber silence.  In Ryoko's arms, a baby boy with cyan
hair looks up to her and Tenchi.  Tenchi has since let his hair grow long into a raven tail of
hair stretching down his back.  He wears his brown royal robes while Ryoko bears the royal gown
of a Juraian noblewoman, colored crimson and obsidian to her tastes.  Also, her flaring mane is
tied back behind her head.  Nagi has not dressed formally for this occasion in her violet fire
uniform and cowled cape.  The Key in her spikes of hair separates her hair while her weapons rest
at her side, ready for use.  Upon Tenchi's shoulder, Ryo-Ohki glances across to Ken-Ohki on
Nagi's shoulder as well as the child in Ryoko's arms.}

Tenchi:  It has been a year now, and not only have our lives changed, but Earth has as well.
	Ryoko and I now have a son we named Masako, like we did in our world.  He wasn't born long
	after we returned from space and has livened the house up since so many have left.  Also,
	Ryoko says we'll be expecting another new arrival soon enough.  I sometimes wonder if
	Tsunami's "fantasy" was more than just an illusion.

{Footsteps to their side draw their attention to the two people approaching, Will and Nerti Pii.
Also, Nerti too carries a young child in her arms, a auburn-haired girl with her hair drawn back
into a vixen's tail like her mother.  Pii is cloaked in his trenchcoat while his cap and visor
are pulled away for this particular occasion.  Nerti, however, wears the emerald robes of a
Science Academy professor as her kind grey eyes look back from behind small glasses poised on her
nose.  These two join the earlier arrivals with a few friendly greetings as well as gentle and
blushing gazes at the youngest two in their number.}

Tenchi:  After their marriage, Will and Nerti both took some time in Will's true birthplace,
	Earth 558.  They spent a long time sorting out their lives and restarting their life
	together, all the while little Angelica came into their lives soon after Masako did in
	ours.

{Tenchi then starts to speak seriously to Pii, which draws a solemn expression within each of the
those in attendence.  Masako and Angelica glance at their elders curiously before a final person
approaches the others.}

Tenchi:  However, even though Ryoko and myself as well as Will and Nerti have had our trials in
	the aftermath of this battle, it was Ayeka who suffered the most.

{Ayeka, dressed in the highest of Juraian regalia, takes her place among this reunion of
warriors.  She is quiet in her speech with them and avoids direct eye contact with Tenchi and
Ryoko, making them both quite uneasy.  Her eyes drift upon Masako momentarily, resurrecting
memories both of the fantasy world and of her own "son", Kain II.}

Tenchi:  Ayeka left Earth alone shortly before Ryoko and I married.  Sasami pleaded with her to
	stay, but Ayeka said she couldn't remain on Earth anymore.  I can understand her reasons,
	but Sasami still can't reason why Ayeka would leave a place she called home for so many
	years, and her younger sister as well.

{Ayeka smiles wryly and pats the boy on his head lightly, her eyes taking a longing look into the
deep brown of the child.}

Tenchi:  She became involved in many of the volatile issues floating about in the Holy Council.
	She won't talk about much of what she endured, although the tabloids won't leave her alone
	with their accusations.

{She turns around to face the towers, as do those with her.}

Tenchi:  Nonetheless, I was happy to see her after the past year.  She had changed a great deal,
	much stronger, not just in power but in personality as well.  As we stood there reunited
	after our respective times of healing, I couldn't help but think of what Queen Achi saw
	all those years ago.  It is true that Ayeka, Nagi, and myself are descended from her, but
	did she see us in her three children all those years ago?

{Tenchi looks around at those assembled here and smiles softly in thought.}

Tenchi:  Whatever she saw, I hope that what we decided that day will protect our children from
	her whom we defeated.  I know she only has to find a new avatar to return to threaten us
	again, but the threat shouldn't stop us from living and passing life onto the next
	generation.  To them, we leave this inheritance as it was left to us by our parents:
	Nobuyuki and Achika; Akuno, Ryoshu, and Tensho; Azusa the Great and Misaki, Rente and
	Amelia; William and Nellwyn.  We all shall teach our children so that they will be prepared
	when they are tested, as we were.

{A gentle wind blows past the noble group and the two babes protected by their mothers.  Leaves
from nearby trees float on that wind, changed by the approaching autumn.  Unseen by them, a group
of transparent figures watch them from above.  In a circle, the spirits of their parents watch
over their children below.  Achika and Ryoshu stand smiling proudly with a few tears in their
eyes while the powerful arms of Akuno hold Ryoshu closely and protectively.  Azusa the Great
holds Misaki's hand softly while they watch in silence, Misaki's eyes filled with tears while
Azusa the Great is proud at the sight.  Rente wraps his arms around Amy warmly with Ora closeby,
the three of them seeming comfortable together with the royalty nearby.  Without being noticed,
the spirits fade away with a wisp of the wind.}

End Scene 4

End Act 10