Dark Energy Trilogy
By William Benjamin Grilliette (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

All material of or relating to *Tenchi Muyo!* are copyrighted by Pioneer LD and AIC.
All material of or relating to *Men in Black* are copyrighted by Marvel/Malibu Comics and
	Columbia/Tristar Pictures.
All material of or relating to "Evil Pii" or "Nerti Ro" is property of William Benjamin
	Grilliette.
All material of or relating to "Angelbane duSoleil", "Cassandra duSoleil", or "Katiara duSoleil"
	is property of Jeffrey Williams.
More information about cast, plot, and story is available at http://evilpii.dorm4.org/.

Part 3:  Tenchi Muyo! / Men in Black: Inheritance
By William Benjamin Grilliette  (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Act 7

Scene 1

{Emergency lights and sirens spin to life, filling the halls of MiB HQ with a dread sound and
flashing flares.  Personnel halt their activities, be it just walking leisurely or in some
occupation from moving equipment to carrying reports.  Zed's voice sounds over the wailing,
mechanical noise, issuing orders to all those in the corridors as well as those in the makeshift
ballroom, who have also ceased their celebration.}

Zed:  We have an emergency situation!  Every available agent!  Get to your assigned post
	immediately and await further instructions!  All medical personnel!  Report to the ward
	ASAP!  We have incoming wounded!  I repeat...!

{Zed repeats his orders while in the crowd of the formerly rejoicing, Pii kneels at Nerti's side,
holding her hand with concern plain across his face watching her pain-filled expression
highlighted by the black mark scaling the side of her face.  Her tears fall upon the gown she
wears while Pii's form tenses under his formal suit, unable to help the battle within her.  Washu
stands at their side with a serious expression on her face as Pii takes Nerti in his arms and
lifts her cringing form from the floor.  The Ryoan scientist nods towards the medical wing and
whispers to the Terran.}

Washu:  You go ahead and take her to her room.  I'll be there after I find out what's going on.

{Pii simply nods and turns towards their destination, his face attempting to hold his emotions
together.  His gaze drops down to Nerti's clinched eyes and straining features as a path among
the agents opens before him.  As various agents start to dash out of the room to their posts,
Washu watches them depart when Nagi and Kamidake arrive at her side, Nagi in her gorgeous kimono
and Kamidake in his military dress uniform.  The bounty hunter's eyes closely and cautiously
follow her colleague and his responsibility from the hall while Kamidake questions Washu with
concern in his voice.}

Kamidake:  What has happened, Dr Hakubi?  Was there another incident?

{Washu shakes her head as she replies.}

Washu:  I don't know yet, though something isn't right here.  This happened far too close to the
	battle the other night.

{The knight nods.}

Kamidake:  I agree.  I sense a darkness close by... but I do not recognize it, like it is being
	masked by something.

{Nagi speaks up.}

Nagi:  Or someone.

{The two at her side face the Ryo-Jurai woman, Washu a bit surprised and Kamidake confused.}

Kamidake:  Someone?  Who would willingly harbor the NVO Energy here?

{The violet-haired woman does not shift her solid gaze to look at him in her reply.}

Nagi:  I can think of one possibility.

{The fiery man's eyes follow Nagi's gaze into the distance and catches Pii vanishing into the
shadows with Nerti in his arms.  Nagi's voice continues as realization comes to the man.}

Nagi:  Six months ago, she also produced a black sword and plunged into Ken-Ohki's body...

{Her mind recalls the memory she saw through Ken-Ohki's eyes.  Nerti stands on the cabbit ship's
bridge within her combat armor, her scythe laying on the deck.  In her hand, an obsidian energy
blade extends from her gripped fist directly down towards the floor, just as the darkness extends
from her hairline to her chin.  Similar to moments ago, her face is wrenched in internal conflict
while Cassandra duSoleil's image upon a communication window screams out for her to stop.
However, her feline grey eyes are highlighted by an otherworldly green glow that flickers as she
struggles with herself.  Nagi goes on.}

Nagi:  And then, there was another on Ryua with Ryobachi just a few days ago with the exact same
	sword she had...

{Days ago on Ryua, Nagi glares out from the blood-stained walls of her prison cell, looking
directly upon Leon Tae.  The man has jet-black hair and grey eyes, which are full of maniacal
intent at those he even glances toward.  The white blades of his shoulder armor glimmer in the
dull light while the red and brown of his battlesuit are masked by the fresh crimson splattered
across his body from his last opponent.  Identical to Nerti, a black sword is held in his hand as
a shadow stretches down the side of his face.  In the bounty hunter's mind, these two figures
merge together into her distrustful gaze into the distance.  Now, Nagi's beauty in the Juraian
kimono is tainted by the angry suspicion growing in her face.}

Nagi:  She is involved, probably more deeply than we would immediately suspect.

{Kamidake's eyes narrow before he shakes his head and responds to Nagi's words.}

Kamidake:  I must disagree.

{She turns to face her former dance partner, almost surprised at what he said, but his expression
is definite and secure in his own words.}

Kamidake:  The threatening presence I sensed is not coming from Ms Ro.

{He looks over to her and continues with some sympathy in his voice.}

Kamidake:  I understand your feelings and sympathize, Nagi, but speculation with such little
	evidence is dangerous, not only for those two but for us as well.

{Nagi folds her arms and turns toward the corridor where not only Pii and Nerti exited, but all
the called MiB personnel as well.  Washu glances between the two of them and then starts walking
towards that corridor herself, leaving a few sarcastic words for them.}

Washu:  Well, you two have your domestic squabble.  I'm going to find out what's going on.

{Both the bounty hunter and the knight have a glowing red shoot across their faces while sweat
beads on the sides of their heads.  This passes with a sigh as they glance over their shoulders
at each other, apology read by each in the expression of the other.  The two then proceed after
Washu, towards the cause of the commotion.  Cut to a corridor crowded with medical staff, some
shrouded in their white robes but others hastily dressed from the celebration.  Among them, agent
L still dressed in her armored gear is the closest to Kiyone giving out commands and orders to
the other doctors in their practitioner's tongue with a passion seen last when Ayeka was dying
over a year ago.  The group runs through the hallway surrounding a gurney holding Kiyone's now
unconscious form.  Close by, Mihoshi tries to keep time with the pace of the doctors, her fatigue
and emotional stress starting to catch up with her.  Both of the GP officers are still dressed in
their new combat uniforms, but Kiyone's has not only the red visor across her eyes, but blood,
some hers and some not, splattered and smeared over her body.  A deep, clean incision now barely
tickles her red body fluid past the tourniquet tied tightly around the wound in Kiyone's left
arm.  On her face, streaks of clean skin shine from under the dust and dried blood from the tears
that have escaped her eyes, just as they do now from Mihoshi's eyes.  >From a side doorway, Washu,
Nagi, and Kamidake stop to see the grim scene pass them.  Time halts when they notice L and the
duo of GP officers and their positions in this situation.  Nagi and Kamidake are taken aback
while Washu gasps and shakes her head.}

Washu:  Oh my God...

{The procession vanishes into the distance while J and K slowly appear, following those who just
passed.  Kamidake quickly gathers himself and stops J and K for questioning.  Both MiB agents
look very tired, not so much physically as emotionally though this does not deter Kamidake.}

Kamidake:  What happened here?  If I am not mistaken, we just saw Officer Makibi taken towards
	the medical division on a stretcher with Officer Kuramitsu and Agent L at her side.

{J sighs and nods, his motions obvious from the battle gear he and K both still wear from their
encounter.  Disappointment, anger, and other emotions mix in J's expression as he answers
Kamidake with the details of the mission.}

J:  You did...  We were sent out to check out a strange NVO energy reading out in the city...  We
	thought it was like just a spawnship that we didn't finish off the night before, but...
	everything went to hell very quickly.

{He stops and takes a breath when K opens his mouth to continue, his eyes focused on the floor
before him.}

K:  We found a "hitlist"...  names written in that red light on the walls of the building we were
	investigating...  There were six names with followed by the names of some of you people...
	Tenchi, Ryoko, Angelbane...
 
{J cuts into K's sentence, his eyes gravely trained on Nagi.}

J:  And, your name too, Nagi...

{Her eyes blink and widen some while a chill runs through her spine, as if Death had his hand
upon her.  Kamidake shoots a concerned gaze to Nagi before turning his attention back to the MiB
agents.}

Kamidake:  What were those names, the six you mentioned?

{K looks up slightly and recites what he saw on the wall.}

K:  The wall read  "Knight Paladin", "Tenchi"...  "Shadow Woman of Light", "Ryoko"...  "Light
	Woman of Shadow"...  "Bastard of Light and Dark", "Nagi"...  "Angelbane duSoliel"...  and
	"Negative One"...

{She takes a quick breath and a step backward when the gravity of the situation finally dawns
upon her.  The knight turns to face her when soft words slip through her now pale lips.}

Nagi:  The Six Warriors...!!

{J nods to the regally dressed lady and continues.}

J:  Yeah, just like Ryobachi and Hotsuma said on Ryua...  but that's not it...  Your mother was
	there, Nagi...

{The Ryo-Jurai woman blinks in confusion and disbelief at the agent standing before her.
Kamidake interjects sharply.}

Kamidake:  What are you saying?  Her mother is...!

{The elder agent sighs and nods.}

J:  I know what it sounds like, but I'm not lying.  She even said that "Ryoshu" was dead, but I
	can still remember her telling us that Ryoko didn't say anything about her from the big
	battle the other night.

{He grips his hands tightly and shakes from the tension of rage in his muscles.}

J:  But, I swear she looked just like she did in that picture on Ryua!  She's the one that cut
	Kiyone... and killed Mitsuki...!!

{Washu and Kamidake draw back while Nagi's eyes droop down towards the floor as her hands raise
and clasp over her chest.  She shakes her head, denying what the agents tell her as a sharp pain
twists inside her repeatedly while her mind tries to make sense of all this new information.  The
strength and confidence leaves her voice, leaving it with no force behind what she now utters to
herself.}

Nagi:  No...  she couldn't...  This isn't true...

{The young knight turns to the woman with whom he danced to watch her slowly back away from the
MiB personnel.  He reaches for her and stops himself when K tells more of the incident.}

K:  She called herself the "Tokimi, the goddess of the dark power"...  and even Kain's mother...

{The violet-tressed lady clenches her eyes and teeth before spinning on her toes and dashing into
the distance.  Kamidake watches her disappear into the shadows as his eyes close with a sigh of
regret.}

Kamidake:  Nagi, you still have a difficult life... don't you...?

{Though the kimono hinders her movement, Nagi hastily runs through the corridors of MiB HQ with
little difficulty.  However, her mind has a much greater burden from all that was just told to
her.  Torment, confusion, and disbelief sweep across her beauty while she continually attempts to
make sense of the information.}

Nagi:  Mother... a goddess... the mother of Kain...

{J's words now echo in her mind.}

J:  ...  but I can still remember her telling us that Ryoko didn't say anything about her from
	the big battle the other night...

{The woman fades away as the bounty hunter reappears in the lady's red, feline eyes with a
thoughtful blink.  Her purpose is clear.}

Nagi:  Ryoko knows...

{Cut to Tenchi's private ICU room where the young Juraian man still lays in the comfortable bed,
unmoved from before save by the subtle motion of this breath.  Intravenous lines tie him to
life-giving fluids and monitoring equipment to ensure that he does not suddenly slip into the
next life.  Next to him, a chair stands with a Ryoan combat uniform draped across the back.  The
cloth itself is scorched in various places as well as stained with its owner's blood, and her
beloved's.  On the seat of the chair, the Key Tenchiken lays clean and untouched by the blood or
pain that has affected so many close by.  Here, there are no sirens of alarm or yells of
emergency, but rather calm far apart from the remainder of the building.  Across the room, Yosho
and Nobuyuki sit facing each other around a chess board, probably borrowed from the recreation
department of the MiB.  Yosho is dressed in his white gi and blue hakama of the Masaki shrine
while Nobuyuki still sports his open-collared shirt and slacks.  The two are focused on the
current strategy upon the board before them while they talk to one another between their
individual moves.  The elder man rubs his chin in contemplation, watching his middle-aged
opponent take his black knight and knock over the white bishop.}

Yosho:  Hmm...  Interesting move...

{Tenchi's father smiles to himself.}

Nobuyuki:  Yeah, it's one I heard about a little while back.  It was pioneered by a police
	officer in America's city of Detroit.

Yosho:  From this maneuver, it seems that he was intelligent, but assuredly reckless.

{Nobuyuki nods.}

Nobuyuki:  Yeah, it's a sacrifice move, pretty unheard of and dangerous if not done at the right
	time and in the right way.

{Yosho looks up from the board and towards his son-in-law.}

Yosho:  What was the man's name?

{The Terran lifts his eyes quietly and replies.}

Nobuyuki:  John Cable, though he's not really known.  His partner's pretty famous though.

Yosho:  His name?

Nobuyuki:  Alex Murphy.

{The Juraian's glasses shimmer in the glare of the artificial light of the room for a moment as
he nods.}

Yosho:  A strong name.

{Nobuyuki glances over to the chair with the Ryoan costume and the Juraian Key while Yosho sets
about searching for a stratagem to defeat the Cable Maneuver.  The father's expression grows
solemn and quiet in thought as he sighs and speaks aloud.}

Nobuyuki:  She really does love him.  Doesn't she?

{The old prince raises his head and follows Nobuyuki's eyes over to the items set gently on the
chair.  He too becomes subdued in his speech and expressions regarding his grandson and the
former pirate.}

Yosho:  As I watched them training together the past five months, I could see them growing closer
	together.

{In his memory, Yosho watches Tenchi spar with Ryoko amongst the forests around the Masaki
shrine.  The blue and red swords clash and ignite a beautiful dance of death, lighting the
darkness of the night sky and shadow between the trees.  Behind the black marks on his face
linking to the cobalt uniform he wears, Tenchi's expression is quiet with a hint of a smile.
Opposite him, the fiery costume over Ryoko's body expresses a ferocity not found in her eyes.
Her gaze is filled with fire, but it is burning softly and silently behind her face.  The two
clash once more and grind blades, each looking deep into the sight of the other.  In that moment,
both grin soundlessly as Yosho speaks once more.}

Yosho:  When this last battle was over and Tenchi came back with Ryoko in his arms, I no longer
	doubted that he loved her above all.

{The man's gaze turns back to his daughter's widower who looks back at the prince.}

Yosho:  For her, it was much earlier that she showed her devotion.  You would remember when she
	volunteered to take him to Jurai and face Kagato.

{Nobuyuki nods.}

Nobuyuki:  Of course, how could any of us forget that?

Yosho:  The reason Ryoko wore that red and black uniform was because she was expecting to die.

{The younger man is struck by this while Yosho nods and continues gravely.}

Yosho:  Before I allowed them to train alone together, I asked Ryoko alone about her experiences.
	She confided that she was seriously wounded by Kagato soon after he finished with me.  She
	was bleeding to death, and going to Jurai was suicidal.

{He pauses for Nobuyuki's surprise to pass before he finishes his thought.}

Yosho:  The fire uniform is a traditional Ryoan combat suit intended for suicide missions, very
	durable and protective so the wearer can live as long as possible.  >From what Lord Tensho
	told me from his experiences in the Ryoan territories, it probably was originally owned by
	one of her ancestors.  Ryoko knew she probably wouldn't survive to reach Jurai, but she
	wanted to ensure that he lived, no matter the cost.

{The son-in-law angles his gaze down towards the chess board, looking at the knight he just
placed in the Cable maneuver.}

Nobuyuki:  The sacrifice move...

{The father-in-law closes his eyes and nods when a side door opens, allowing Ryoko herself to
step out.  Her expression is found to be distant, accentuated by her hair tossed around her head
by the air currents in the room.  The cyan mane is combed straight down such that some of the
longer portions reach her waist easily while her figure is hidden behind her dress striped with
blue and gold.  The cat's tail belt that usually swishes about in reaction to her emotions is a
lifeless trinket flowing as she closes the door she entered.  The men's attention turns to the
young Ryoan woman while she walks over to her chair.  Yosho speaks first with kindness and
respect.}

Yosho:  Did the shower help, Ryoko?

{The golden feline eyes glance over to the old man before she grins a bit with a small nod.}

Ryoko:  A little...

{Her hand feels the burnt texture of her combat uniform as she takes it from the chair and
examines it quietly.  The scene of Tenchi's heroic rescue returns to her, the image of Tenchi
slicing the crimson bindings around her body, freeing her into his arms.  He places himself
between her and the friction-induced heat of reentry, the blue battlesuit around him emitting a
horrid scent as it burns towards his skin.  His hairtie quickly burns, allowing his hair to flap
around his neck and face unhindered while Ryoko can only watch the pain in his clenched eyes.
She turns away from Yosho and Nobuyuki before either can see her digits grip the uniform angrily,
tears appearing at the edges of her eyes.  Her face is torn between sorrow at Tenchi's injury and
anger at her helplessness, both then and now.  The two men close their eyes and look away
respectfully while she lays her warrior persona on a nearby counter.  She wipes her eyes and
takes a breath before returning to the chair.  Ryoko gently lifts Tenchiken from the seat and
sits down herself, her gaze inching over the Juraian device slowly.  Whether from her current
hairstyle or the effect of the past days' events, the young Ryoan woman seems older, wiser than
before.  Her mind remembers all the times she had wronged the young man.  In one of her revealing
dresses, she tied Tenchi with a rope and forced him into the Masaki cave for an investigation,
which she intended to seduce the boy's virginity.  Dressed as a gangster from the United States's
Prohibition era, she yelled back at Tenchi and Washu that she would never deny the fantasy world
she had created, no matter the cost to the others trapped with her.  Those images and others like
them circle her soul as she asks herself a single question.}

Ryoko:  ...  Do I deserve his love...?

{Then, she sees his face encircled by his freed hair, exhausted and covered in sweat, smiling
serenely at her.  His words echo in her mind, fresh as if he was speaking them to her now.}

Tenchi:  The Ryoko who gave up her past and used her great power to protect the lives of those in
	need...  she's the woman whose passion has stolen my heart...  with the warrior's spirit
	from your father and the shining love of your mother...

{She holds the sword close to her chest with her head bowed and does not even notice the tears
dripping from her chin onto the hilt and sparkling on impact.  Nobuyuki and Yosho both smile,
seeing a peaceful and hopeful expression on Ryoko's face.  In this calming moment, the door
clicks and slides open, releasing the siren noises from the other side.  Ryoko, Yosho, and
Nobuyuki look back to the doorway into the corridor to find Nagi standing there staring back at
them with Azaka at her side.  At first, all three are taken off guard by the beauty of both her
and the dress she wears, but the severity of her expression quickly relieves them of social
intent.  Yosho and Nobuyuki stand as the royal bounty hunter takes a few determined steps into
the room while the blue knight remains at his post outside, looking back inside and listening to
the conversation.  Though Nobuyuki is confused by the Nagi's appearance and the sirens, Yosho
seems to know full well the atmosphere of her visit by his own grave demeanor and approaches
her.}

Yosho:  What has happened?

Nagi:  I need to speak with my sister alone, Lord Yosho.  I cannot say more than that at the
	moment.

{Ryoko looks up to her younger sister and questions her while Nobuyuki stands at the cyan-haired
woman's side.}

Ryoko:  What about, Nagi?

{The red eyes that once craved Ryoko's blood now gaze back at her, demanding something
different.}

Nagi:  Tokimi.

{The tear-streaks on Ryoko's face now feel warm as the rest of her body drops in temperature at
that one name.  Ryoshu-Tokimi's face, crossed with blood around her ruby and sapphire eyes,
enters her mind and resurrects the fear from her nightmares.  She can barely speak.}

Ryoko:  Oh God...!!

{Nagi nods and continues.}

Nagi:  This involves us both, Ryoko.  I want to know everything.

{Slowly, the cold leaves Ryoko's limbs, though the chill never truly departs.  She closes her
eyes and nods before Nagi turns back to Yosho, respectfully but also impatiently.}

Nagi:  Though I know this affects us all, sir, this is also family business between Ryoko and
	myself.  I ask that she and I talk about it privately before it is known publicly.

{Yosho looks deeply into Nagi's gaze, watching the young lady's passion and pride drive her as he
weighs the issue.  He then closes his eyes and nods to her.}

Yosho:  I understand.

{He glances up to Azaka with a slight nod, and the knight nods back before turning around to face
the opposite corridor wall.  The prince turns back to Nobuyuki and motions toward the corridor.}

Yosho:  Let's give them privacy.

{Nobuyuki agrees with understanding as the two men walk out of the room and close the door behind
them, leaving the two sisters alone.  Nagi takes a moment and bows in respect towards the door
where they exited before continuing farther into the room and taking a chair from around the
chessboard.  She sits properly facing Ryoko, though some of Nagi's torment fades away as she
gazes at her elder sister.}

Nagi:  Just start at the beginning.  Who is this Tokimi, and how do you know about her?

{Ryoko nods and takes a long, cleansing sigh to gather herself, yet her emotions remain edged
purely from topic.}

Ryoko:  I don't know really what she is...  I only know what she said when she attacked Tenchi...
	trying to get to me...

{Nagi glances over to Tenchi's unconscious body on the bed nearby in realization before looking
back towards Ryoko.}

Nagi:  She is the reason Masaki...?

{The elder sister nods, her golden eyes never leaving her younger counterpart's.}

Ryoko:  Yes...  It was after we were pulled into the NVO planet...

{Ryoko's memory and Nagi's imagination mirror each other as the Ryoan explains the encounter.
Tenchi holding Ryoko in his arms within his Jurai field surrounded by the black shadow they had
fought hard before this situation.  An opening appears and widens into a corridor of obsidian
flame as Ryoshu-Tokimi approaches them slowly, her grandeur obvious by her power and majestic
style of dress.}

Ryoko:  Tenchi was barely keeping us from being attacked by all that energy... when what looked
	like a hallway opened up...  That's when she walked out...

{The duo within the shield watch her in awe, Ryoko in disbelief and Tenchi with distrust.}

Ryoko:  She looked just like Mother... but different...  cold...  She wasn't the woman that
	raised me...  She even said that she wasn't Mother, but that her body was...

{Ryoshu-Tokimi raises her clawed hand to the field and effortlessly penetrates the barrier,
sparks of crimson and cobalt exploding from the five points of impact.  Ryoko takes her arms from
around Tenchi and summons a flickering red sword.}

Ryoko:  It was nothing for her to go through Tenchi's shield...  I was going to fight her off,
	but I was weakened by that ship that caught me before...  Then she told me to "give in to
	the one who not only bore you, but created your race"...

{She jerks back as her mind puts her experiences together and understands the whole of history.}

Ryoko:  That's when I figured it out...  Oniko warned me to be on guard against the darkness that
	spawned our people...  It was her all along...  Tokimi was the "Lady" that Liaens and
	Jezibel followed, the one Oniko was so devoutly loyal to...

{The claws then rip through the shield, allowing a black tendril of dark power to wrap around
Ryoko, sucking the red energy from her body.}

Ryoko:  And, before Tenchi or I could do anything, she got in and finished taking away what power
	I had left...

{From beneath the straightened strands of cyan hair, Ryoko's golden eyes stare quietly back at
Nagi, who watches her half-sister's pain emerge.}

Ryoko:  Soon afterward, you saw what happened.

{The violet-haired woman glances to the floor as she nods.}

Nagi:  I do, and I understand why you did not mention this sooner.  When I heard about this from
	J and K, I did not want to believe this either.  Though, I do wish you had confided this in
	me.  She was my mother too.

{Ryoko glances down with some shame.}

Ryoko:  I'm sorry, Sis...

{Nagi shakes her head and looks back up to one of the only two members of her family.}

Nagi:  Never mind it.  I understand why.  In a way, what you have said relieves me as well.

{The elder sister angles her head up to the younger with some confusion.  The red eyes are calm
and confident while their owner replies.}

Nagi:  Both you and J said that this woman regards herself as a possessing spirit in our mother's
	body.  With that, our mother is not doing this.  To me at least, that is a great burden off
	my shoulders.

{Ryoko smiles and nods back.}

Ryoko:  You're right...

{The half-Juraian then grows serious.}

Nagi:  However, this Tokimi is another matter.  You say that she easily breached Masaki's shield
	and was even able to take away your energy completely?

{The Ryoan nods and extends her right hand, palm up while her eyes watch it in thought.}

Ryoko:  That's right.  I can't even hear Ryo-Ohki's voice, let alone summon my sword.  She
	controlled that NVO energy as if it was part of her, even more so than the Jurai power is
	for you and the other Juraians.  It reacted to her thoughts to take my energy from me and
	even protected her when Tenchi transformed.

{She looks up to Nagi who nods as she starts putting information together.}

Nagi:  Makes sense.  According to J and K, she called herself the "the goddess of the dark power"
	and Kain's mother...  mother of Kain... darkness...

{Another chill shoots through Nagi's spine when she then shakes her head and discards the idea
immediately.}

Nagi:  No, that is not possible...

{Ryoko watches this and then speaks up curiously.}

Ryoko:  "No", what?  What is it?

{She can see a hint of fear in the bounty hunter's normally fearless gaze while she denies the
thought.}

Nagi:  Nothing... it is something that could not possibly be...

{The Ryoan shakes her head and continues, determined to understand.}

Ryoko:  No, it's not nothing.  You're scared to say something, and it has to do with what's going
	on.  What is it?

{Nagi sighs and answers, some hesitation now in her voice.}

Nagi:  Do you remember the quotes Hotsuma was reading in his partial transformation on Ryua?

{Ryoko nods while her sister continues.}

Nagi:  That was the prologue to the Angelfire prophecy.  "In the millennia to come, Darkness
	unimagined will descend upon a distant world enveloping it for the sheer purpose of its
	destruction."  Think of what has happened the past few days, Ryoko.

{The golden eyes widen in realization while Nagi continues.}

Nagi:  Hotsuma and Ryobachi knew this somehow.  J and K also saw a list of people that this
	Tokimi thinks are connected with that prophecy:  Lord duSoleil, Masaki, you and me.  If you
	read it the right way, she is here to find and kill us to keep that prophecy from coming to
	fruition.

{Ryoko thinks for a moment then questions Nagi.}

Ryoko:  Wait... Why only four?  There's at least one more that I remember.

Nagi:  Again, there are six warriors in the prophecy's prologue.

Ryoko:  I realize that, but when we were on Ryua, Hotsuma also mentioned something like "the
	second has a shadow over her heart and fears what she would become".  Those words reminded
	me of Ayeka.

{The younger sister starts to think of her encounters of Ayeka while Ryoko explains.}

Ryoko:  Ayeka has been scared of even some of her own actions ever since we fought against
	Mecha-Nerti about two years ago.  You probably noticed during the Reunion a few months ago
	that Ayeka seemed to have problems with her heart.

{The half-Juraian remembers the Jurai Palace, filled with the motionless bodies of those with the
blood of Jurai King the First and his descendants.  The Royal Ballroom has the appearance of a
morgue as the bounty hunter sits on the edge of the stage gazing into the distance, her father's
figure laying at her side with a slow-paced breath as the only sign that he remains alive.  Her
line of sight catches a medical ward ahead of her from which several notable people from this
past incident exit.  After they pass, she sees several other Jurai nobles, one of which is not
unconscious, Princess Ayeka of Jurai.  The princess watches back through the corridor, helpless
to help those who have promised to protect her people, the people she was raised to guard over
one day as empress.  Her soft hand is placed upon her own chest while tears roll down her face in
frustration and sadness.  Nagi looks up to Ryoko.}

Ryoko:  Her heart problems started here in Manhattan a year before that, and that's why I think
	she's the fifth.

{The red eyes focus and call for information while her voice is quiet and solid.}

Nagi:  Tell me everything.

{The Ryoan nods without breaking eye contact with her half-sister before continuing her
explanation.  As Ryoko retells the events of her first encounter in Manhattan against
Mecha-Nerti, the machine's two creators are alone, apart from the sirens and alarms of the rest
of the complex.  Unchanged from their dress clothes from the celebration, Pii gently lays Nerti
on a medical bed in a separate private room and kneels at her bedside.  He takes her hand,
calloused from the use of her scythe, within his, scarred equally from his sword.  She forces her
eyes open through the tears and pain of bearing the shadow upon her face and glances over to the
young man with her.  The concern and worry are written on him as plainly as the torment is within
her body.  The grey eyes plead to him while her forced whisper calls for his help.}

Nerti:  I'm scared, Will...

{The tear-streaks on his face smear as he nods and answers her.}

Pii:  I am, too...

{She winces and grips his hand tightly.}

Nerti:  I don't know who I am anymore...!  It's like there's something inside me... pulling me
	further away from reality...!!

{Pii shakes his head and corrects her in a reassuring tone.}

Pii:  I know exactly who you are, Nerti...  and I know that no matter what anyone has done to
	you, you are still Nerti Ro...

{She smiles slightly and shakes her head slowly while the sweat on her face begins to mat her
flaxen hair.}

Nerti:  Mom and Dad didn't even know who I was...  How do you...?

{He smiles knowingly and explains with some joy in his voice.}

Pii:  When the MiB did a blood chemistry analysis on you, L let me have a sample of your blood to
	test a theory...

{She blinks in confusion before her eyes widen in realization as he nods, pleased in the
knowledge.}

Pii:  You're his daughter, Nerti...  You said that you remembered when your father told us of his
	affair during the Pentinian Civil War...

{Inside Nerti's fractured mind, images of her father, the red-haired man Rente Ro, dressed in an
old Pentinian military armor float about in chaos before merging into one coherent memory.  The
camoflauge coloring crosses his strong form but ends over his left arm and shoulder, where black
continues.  On his left shoulder, the gold bar of his lieutenant's rank glistens in the dull
light of the mindscape while the dingy white embroidery of "Ro" is barely seen on his right
shoulder.  He appears a mere boy of sixteen, yet his expression is deep and detached, worn from a
year of war.  His feline, grey eyes pierce back from Nerti's memory ominously while Pii
continues.}

Pii:  I cross-referenced your DNA, RH-factor, blood type, spectral pattern... everything I could
	think of with his military file using every test available several times to be certain...
	Every test yielded the same result...  You are his daughter, Nerti...

{The shock starts to fade from Nerti's face into a joyful expression, the dark pain beginning to
subside almost in sequence with her emotions.  However, though the pain vanishes, the black
harbinger of that torture does not leave her face.  Pii stands and touches her face in a loving
caress as a novel emotion is seen in his expression, pure love.}

Pii:  You're the daughter of the man who saved my life...  I once told you that you had his
	eyes... his strength...  You still do and always will...

{The young woman pushes herself up to face him, now showing some concern for the other insinuated
fact in his research when she glances down towards the floor.}

Nerti:  But... that means I'm her daughter, too...  Amelia Aelins, the mercenary...  the cold
	killer...

{Pii's face doesn't change while he shakes his head and raises her chin a bit to look directly
into her slit-like pupils.}

Pii:  She also saved his life... and the lives of his unit...  She was a great woman...  You
	should be proud of that...

{Her eyes plead to him for support in her doubt.}

Nerti:  She left me in an orphanage...

Pii:  We don't know why she left you, Nerti...  Until we do, we know nothing...  From the way
	your father described her, she wouldn't leave her child without good reason...  It's
	possible that she even saved your life then...

{She smiles wryly but happily as well before she releases his hand and wraps her arms around him,
burying her face in his chest.  Pii reciprocates the embrace and holds her close for a moment
which neither seems to want to end.  Then, Nerti pulls away bit, keeping her arms around Pii and
his around her as she looks him directly in the brown eyes.  Her face is simultaneously serious
and joyful when she quietly and confidently speaks.}

Nerti:  I love you, Will Pii...

{His expression is calm and serene for the first time in three years as he drowns himself in the
grey pools of her gaze.  A memory long forgotten rises to the surface when the words he wrote for
her in the past now emerge within verse from his soft voice.}

Pii:  As light flows in space / So does your soul through your work. / You love all and hate no
	one / Because you are loved by all, / My Nerti Ro.

{She smiles brightly, much to his pleasure.}

Pii:  I wrote that to read to you the night you were kidnapped...  I had planned to tell you that
	night during the last dance after the presentation ceremony... that I loved you...

{Nerti's cheeks glow a mild pink, but she does not pull away from the embrace.  Her eyes close as
she lightly kisses him on the lips before slowly opening her eyes with pure affection as her only
remaining feeling.}

Nerti:  I wish time could stop now...  Then, we'd never have to go back to reality again...

{Pii nods.}

Pii:  I know...  but one moment can change an eternity...

{The two close their eyes and lean forward, closing into the embrace once more with an addition:
their lips touch in a warm kiss which envelops both such that the outside world of pain and
hatred melt away.  Nothing permeates their minds save the affection for the other and the desire
to never be apart again.  However, after several moments, a bolt of obsidian lightning shoots
from the black mark on Nerti's face across her eyes.  She pulls back holding her head and cringes
in pain within Pii's arms as he releases her to examine the situation.  Adrenaline runs into his
bloodstream as well as fear into his mind.}

Pii:  What happened?!  What's wrong?!

{Her eyes are forced open while her straining voice answers him.}

Nerti:  I can feel it coming...!  A darkness...!

Pii:  Where?!  Can you tell me where?!

{She shakes her head, every fiber of her being inflamed by this force.}

Nerti:  I just know... that the closer it gets... the less control I have... and the more pain I
	eel...  like it's ripping out my soul...!!

{The door opens as Washu arrives and joins Pii at Nerti's side, calmly asking Nerti to lay back
for her to help.  Outside, the sirens have stopped, though the passing agents leave their voices
of doubt and suspicion surrounding the whole encounter.  None, however, notice the young woman in
a pink kimono watching Washu, Pii, and Nerti.  Her regal violet hair streams down in twin tails
behind her while her hands are clasped before her her, motionless.  Her eyes are hidden in the
shadow of her bangs while the remainder of her face shows nothing save a void where her emotions
would be.  Princess Ayeka of Jurai silently watches them when a cruel smile crosses her lips as
she turns away from the door and proceeds through the corridor.  The grin vanishes from her
visage while Ryoshu-Tokimi's words echo within her mind.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Return to them and kill the prodigal...

{This command drives her while she passes unnoticed between agents, who are too preoccupied with
their duties in reaction to the incident involving the GP and MiB.  Her gaze never raises to pull
her eyes from beneath the cover of shadow, and her soft and commanding voice is never heard, even
when she closes on Yosho, Nobuyuki, and Azaka.  The two Juraians stop and confusedly look towards
Ayeka's direction, both innately sensing her presence.  Nobuyuki halts as well, following their
lines of sight to also see Ayeka moving between the agents in the hallway with them.  Then, the
Terran glances back to Yosho and Azaka's eyes to see surprise, shock, and even some apprehension
from both.  He touches Yosho's shoulder, startling the elder somewhat to obtain his attention.
The knight's attention is also drawn away from the young woman while the architect's voice
conveys his concern.}

Nobuyuki:  What is it?  I saw only Ayeka.

{Yosho nods and answers while looking back into the crowd, his eyes hunting with determination to
locate Ayeka again.}

Yosho:  So did I... but it wasn't her... Her presence felt like... Kagato's...

{His son-in-law shakes his head and replies with some uneasiness showing.}

Nobuyuki:  That's impossible.  Tenchi killed him on Jurai.

{Azaka agrees with a serious qualification.}

Azaka:  Ordinarily, I would agree, Mr Masaki.  However, I too felt that same dark presence from
	he Palace three years ago.

{The knight then turns back to the passers-by to locate the princess again as well but soon finds
that he too has lost her.  He extends his arm, holding his sapphire staff Key parallel to the
floor as it glows brightly when he starts to summon some of his Jurai Power through the device.
His eyes close for a moment and then open while he lowers the staff back to his side.  He is
disappointed in his report to Yosho.}

Azaka:  I cannot sense her, Lord Yosho.  She seems to be intentionally concealing herself.

{Nobuyuki scratches his head in thought while Yosho ponders to himself, the initial shock and
surprise now past both Juraians.}

Nobuyuki:  This makes no sense.  Why would Ayeka hide herself and walk right past us without a
	ord?  What's Kagato have to do with any of this?

{The grandfather raises and shakes his head gravely.}

Yosho:  I don't know, but I intend to find out.  Nobuyuki, tell Washu about this.  Azaka and I
	ill try to find Ayeka.

{The Terran man nods and rushes into the crowd to find the professor while the lord and the
knight separate into the people, searching for the princess.  Meanwhile at a door to a private
medical suite, Ayeka's shadow darkens the nameplate, which reads "Masaki, Tenchi".  Her hand
reaches to the lock and opens it to reveal Ryoko and Nagi facing each other talking as before
with Tenchi unconscious behind them.  The two sisters look up from their conversation towards the
princess, both surprised at her appearance.}

Ryoko:  Ayeka?

{The princess is silent as she steps within the room while the door seals behind her, followed by
the deadened impact of a lock.  Nagi stands and steps towards Ayeka, her voice respectful and
quiet speaking to the higher noble.}

Nagi:  Ayeka Jurai, Ryoko and I require some privacy.  Could you leave?

{The bounty hunter watches the princess raise her gaze so that the light in the room removes the
shadow from her eyes.  Nagi is taken aback when she takes notice that Ayeka's iris color is no
longer a ruby, but rather a stoic grey identical to Nerti.  While she is shocked by this, Ayeka
smirks to herself as the wooden figures of her manifestation appear without warning around Nagi.
The Ryo-Juraian's eyes dart between the cylinders when their coloring quickly melts to an
obsidian before generating an energy field of crimson light around her.  Nagi screams in pain as
the field not only shocks her but throws her back into the far wall to land next to the
chessboard, shifting the pieces from the impact.  Ryoko gasps and rises to her feet reaching for
Ayeka's shoulders when the princess glares at the former pirate and pushes her into the counter
with force enough to knock the Ryoan to her knees.  The regal Juraian then speaks beneath her
breath at her old rival.}

Ayeka:  Pathetic...

{Nagi yells Ayeka's name.}

Nagi:  Ayeka!!

{The woman of spiked, violet hair holds her hairband Key in her hand while her kimono is now
ripped and singed from her involuntary flight.  Her eyes are a deep crimson with anger directed
at the full-blood Juraian.  Ayeka does not even glance towards Nagi when she speaks quietly and
firmly to her first victim.}

Ayeka:  Be silent, half-bred bitch.

{The black blocks float to positions around Nagi and generate a new cloak of Jurai Power that
encases the half-Juraian away from the continuing action.  The hairband Key wraps around her hand
and creates a blade of dark purple which she uses on the bloody energy around her.  On her swipe,
the sword ricochets off the barrier such that she has to take the sword in both hands to stop its
motion.  Her surprise is momentary before she attempts a thrust with similar results.  The
half-Ryoan yells at her captor, but her voice only carries to the barrier before it falls silent.
She is helpless to watch as Ayeka stalks her way to Ryoko, who picks herself up from the floor.
As the powerless Ryoan turns to the Juraian princess, Ayeka grabs her rival's shoulder and grips
painfully tight.  Ryoko's hands shoot up and apply force to make an attempt at removing the grip
while her lips and expression call for explanation.}

Ryoko:  What the hell's gotten into you, Ayeka?!

{Ayeka's grin grows as she comes face to face with the straight-haired woman while her soft voice
almost laughs at her captive.}

Ayeka:  Would you like to know, prodigal daughter of Ryua...?  Or, would you like to know Ayeka's
	ealousy of your relationship with Masaki Tenchi...?  What of her fantasies of being with
	asaki Tenchi or her darkest impulses to murder you in your sleep...?

{During her speech, Ayeka's eyes well with tears that stream down her focused grey eyes across
her cheeks.  Ryoko notices and then glares deep into her enemy's false gaze.}

Ayeka:  No, you would want to know her memories of being locked away by Kagato, taken from her
	riends... her love... bait for her love's death... helpless and alone...  You would
	nderstand that...  Would you not...?

{The Ryoan quietly speaks a few words under her breath.}

Ryoko:  I'm sorry, Ayeka...

{The cyan-haired fury twists her body quickly and rams her right knee into Ayeka's abdomen,
knocking the breath from her and loosening the grip on her shoulder.  She then spins around and
catches the princess with a turning hook kick to her rib cage, sending her towards the doorway of
the room.  Adrenaline pours through her fiery blood as she watches Ayeka slowly stand after that
combination of techniques.  She now speaks resolutely and focusedly in reply to the royal's
words.}

Ryoko:  You're not the Ayeka I know.  You're controlling her just like Tokimi is my mother.

{Ayeka faces her with the smirk on her face unchanged, save a little blood tickling down from the
edge of her mouth.  She reaches to her forehead and takes her tiara Key with her thumb and
forefinger, gently removing the Juraian device.  The princess then drops the item while her
corneas gradually change from white to blood crimson after the Key is away from her body.}

Ayeka:  How does that change your fate...?  You must still fight her power and skill, which are
	at my command...

Ryoko:  I don't think Ayeka can be held captive for long by a pathetic telepath like you.

{She smiles to herself.}

Ryoko:  She's too stubborn.

{Ayeka shakes her head.}

Ayeka:  Her soul is weak and easily manipulated on such base levels...  Your faith is misplaced,
	Ryoko...

Ryoko:  I doubt that.

{Ayeka loses her smile and simply glares back at the woman dressed in blue and gold.}

Ayeka:  Enough talk...  You are to die...

{The regal woman summons red energy to her hands and rushes Ryoko while her opponent jumps and
flips over Ayeka's head to land behind her.  The tails of violet whirl about their owner's body
as she spins and tosses the two energy pulses at the Ryoan.  Ryoko holds fast without fear until
the moment the two blasts stop in midair, centimeters from her face.  Ayeka's face is confused
and frustrated while Ryoko knowingly looks back at the image of her rival, and ally.}

Ryoko:  I know Ayeka Jurai.  She doesn't kill if she can prevent it.

{Upon hearing those words, the royal woman's hand draws back while she shuts her eyes and cringes
as a shock goes through her body.  She opens her straining eyes once more with kind tears and a
weak smile for her friend across the room.}

Ayeka:  Lady Ryoko...

{The Ryoan smiles some in return while her sister within the field nods slowly, grinning herself.
Then, Ayeka's eyes shut tightly as pain ripples throughout her being when a second hand appears
surrounding her own.  This phantom arm has a male physique and is colored of the deepest pitch,
save the hand which is ivory white.  The ghostly appendage extends, pulling Ayeka's hand back out
with it to face towards Ryoko and the two energy manifestations before her.  The two sisters are
taken aback while Ayeka screams out against this.}

Ayeka:  No!!  Stop this!!

{A young, male echo is heard from Ayeka's position, scolding and ordering her.}

Male:  She will die by your hand, Light Woman of Shadow!!

{The princess's hand grips into a fist, causing one blast to dissipate and holding the other in
place.  Ryoko dashes to the side when the ghostly hand waves in her direction and vanishes as the
second pulse flies after Ryoko and hits her hard in the back.  She is not even able to scream
before she falls to the ground motionless.  The red shield around Nagi fades away, allowing her
to rush to her sister's side and examine her furiously and thoroughly.  The princess falls to her
knees, tears streaming down her face between her fingers as her hands are raised to hide her
face.  Her sobs rock her body violently while she shakes her head, repeating the same word.}

Ayeka:  No...!  No...!  No...!!

{Between her sobs, Ayeka hears a much younger voice crying also.  She glances up with her normal
red eyes from her sorrow to see her sister Sasami in a cute party kimono, crying at her sister on
the floor through the open door to the chamber.  Ayeka starts to stand and reach for Sasami when
the girl darts away sobbing even harder.  Ayeka's tears do not stop as she clinches her teeth and
frowns at the works of her hands.  She finally jumps to her feet and runs out into the corridor
while Nagi's crimson eyes follow her.  Saline rains down her face and onto her sister's
motionless body with a glare filled with rage and anger while it is noticed that on the
chessboard, the white and black queens have both fallen over and have rolled off the board.}

End Scene 1

Scene 2

{Water spews from a spray shower-head about the small, tiled chamber used to wash the past away
from the human form.  The translucent panel has been pulled to conceal the detail of the person
within the chamber as she allows the warm fluid of life to saturate her being.  Her muscular and
yet tender figure rest its unclothed back against the wall which supports the source of the
cleansing element while her voice sighs deeply.  Her purple hair mats into drenched locks around
her head down to her shoulders as she angles her face towards the spigot and apathetically
permits the water to shower her features, the dangerous beauty of the Ryo-Juraian Nagi.  The
bounty hunter folds her arms around her chest and bust weakly, appearing vulnerable in her nudity
while her mind draws back the recent past.  In this purification, she does not wear her Key to
the Jurai Power, the external reminder of her heritage and destiny as royalty.  However, her
subconscious is well aware of her hair and eye color are too typical of the race which composes
half of her genetic material.  She grimaces when her memory flashes through the incident once
more:  Ayeka's entrance, her dismissal of the bounty hunter so easily, and her own inability to
alter the outcome or do more than hold her sister while her attacker escaped.  Though water
streams across her face, two particular streams run from her eyelids as she bares her teeth with
anger.  She suddenly lowers her face to face forward before she spins around and punches the wall
she once leaned against.  The porcelain cracks while a tickle of crimson rolls down the tiles
from her fist.  Shortly thereafter, her rage relaxes, as does the rest of her body when her other
palm joins its companion on the slick tile.  The two slide towards and past one another such that
her arms fold, and her forehead comes to rest upon her forearms.  She bends one knee letting the
force of her weight go through her arms to support her.  One hand grips a lock of hair while she
whispers to herself, her voice wavering with emotions too numerous to count.}

Nagi:  Damn Tokimi... Damn Jurai...!!

{Fade from Nagi's conflicted presence to the red knight Kamidake's troubled expression.  From
beside him, the young Juraian hears his name called by his partner and teacher, Azaka.}

Azaka:  Kamidake.

{Kamidake is brought back from his own thoughts to the reality of him walking with his azure
partner behind Yosho through a corridor of the MiB HQ.  The white gi and hakama of the knights'
uniforms contrasts the dull coloring of the walls, as does the prince's mantle of a Shinto
priest.  Azaka shows his concern for his companion in his questions towards the youth.}

Azaka:  You are still worried about her...  Are you not...?

{Kamidake simply sighs and nods with a little disappointment directed to himself.  The bearded
man rests his hand on his red-haired partner's shoulder and grips supportively with a few quiet
words.}

Azaka:  You care for her deeply...

{The young man shakes his head and replies.}

Kamidake:  I know it's not my place to... but...  she's seen so much pain in her life... I don't
	want her to see any more...

{Azaka smiles to himself and interrupts his partner's musings.}

Azaka:  You cannot help how you feel...  You are still young... and so is she...  I can see
	nothing wrong with...

{The red knight shakes his head and rebukes the statement.}

Kamidake:  That's impossible...!  As Lord Tensho's daughter, she's a member of a highly ranked
	branch family...!  It's not impossible for her to become the empress...!!

{The elder knight nods slowly before locking gazes with his old friend.}

Azaka:  But, is that what she wants... to be treated better than everyone else...?

{The troubled lips are silenced while the voice of experience continues to speak the truth.}

Azaka:  She has denied her royal lineage to live as she chooses, just as Lord Yosho did... just
	as Lord Tenchi did... even the two princesses we are searching for now...  She is a very
	strong woman, like her sister... and that is why she is isolated now, to put her own
	feelings in order...

{Kamidake looks away from his teacher with some shame while the black haired man releases his
shoulder and pats him on the back.}

Azaka:  There are times when you can only stand back and let those you care for hurt alone... no
	matter the pain to yourself to watch them...  If you went to her now, she would turn your
	concern away with all her rage...

Kamidake:  Is that how you handled your wife... before we left...?

{The master of the Jurai power grins some to himself.}

Azaka:  At times, yes...  but she also was not half-Ryoan...  You have a difficult road before
	you... but you always enjoyed the challenge...

{Kamidake smiles and raises his eyes back to Azaka, who joins his counterpart in a short laugh.
After the levity, the bearded man imparts confidence to the red knight through his assured
expression.}

Azaka:  Give her time...  Let her heal...  Keep danger away from her...

{The young man nods.}

Kamidake:  Just as her father requested...

{Azaka agrees as the two of them slap their free hands together and hold tightly in a symbol of
their unity as partners, and as apprentice and master.  Ahead of them, Yosho smiles to himself
and nods with a few words under his breath.}

Yosho:  A teacher and student... nothing more to teach... but so much more to learn...

{He closes his eyes and remembers the training he had Tenchi endure as a boy and into manhood.
While young Tenchi jumps between blocks of wood within the grandfather's mind, Yosho's memory
shifts to his own life on Jurai.  The halls of the Jurai Palace stand grand as he slashes with
his bokken at his best friend, young Kagato long before Fate turned them against one another.
The two grin and compliment each other's technique in the echos of history drawn within the old
man's mind.  In a corner watching the two young men spar, a shadowed figure leans against the
wall with the Tenchiken Key in his hand.  He also smiles the same way Yosho and Azaka have
watching over their pupils when history passes to the present.  The grandfather whispers to
himself in his musings while a tear appears at his eye.}

Yosho:  May I live to see Tenchi knowing that joy for himself...

{The prince wipes the saline from his face while the scene fades from his face to Pii's visage,
stern and focused on what is before him.  At his side, Nerti walks at his side while her tied,
golden hair flows behind her as a heavenly processional.  The light of the corridor reflects off
of his crimson armor while her white plate glistens brightly in contrast to the dull red that
covers the remainder of her body or the blue across his.  Her expression is quiet and thoughtful,
thinking her way through the facts given to her with no trace of the black mark anywhere on her
skin.  Pii's visor covers his eyes while behind that barrier, the young man is drawn back to
Washu's grave words to him and his female companion.}

Washu:  She is the same as the darkness that we faced the other night.

{In his memory, he and Nerti sit across from the diminutive scientist dressed as a Science
Academy professor.  The medical ward chamber around them is silent save the whisper of the
ventilation fan above them.  The Ryoan's chair and the bed upon which Pii and Nerti sit side by
side support them in their civil conversation.  Washu's gaze is quiet and commanding to the two
former students who are fully attentive, though in differing ways.  The Pentinian girl listens
with a cold about her such that she holds her arms and that some fear is seen in her face.  The
Terran is consumed with disbelief from the Ryoan's words as she continues the truth.}

Washu:  Your analysis of her lineage is correct.  She is the daughter of Rente Ro and the woman
	you know as Amelia Aelins, but she is also more than that.

{She closes her eyes and takes a breath before proceeding.}

Washu:  L's reports from the day you two arrived here confirm many suspicions I've had.  The data
	he took from then led her to believe that you, Nerti, were similar to Sasami in some way.
	Also, the Mark of Rage and more than intimate knowledge of the NVO energy further prove
	this.

{Pii stands suddenly while his voice expresses his distaste of this explanation, pulling Washu
from her closed-eye musings.}

Pii:  How can that be possible?  I know the Ryoan race is tied to the NVO energy somehow, but how
	is Nerti?  It's true that Liaens and Jezibel worked for Tokimi, but she...!

{Nerti's voice halts her love's speech.}

Nerti:  Stop it, Will...  please...

{He looks over to her quiet face, pleading for him to end his rejection of the facts.  He sighs
and glances away, some disgrace showing from his expression.  Nerti nods to him with a subtle
smile for his concern before turning her serious attention back to Washu.}

Nerti:  Please continue, professor.

{The genius nods and regains her place.}

Washu:  I tested samples of your blood, some from when you first arrived here and also some from
	recently.  Both sets confirm that your life is now tied to the dark energy Tokimi wields.
	All the extrapolations I've run over your life-form data state that the binding is...
	irreversable.

{Nerti nods, her curiosity holding back her fears.}

Nerti:  And, the flashes... the losses of control and the voices?

Washu:  You could be going the same as Ayeka.  None of us really know what Ayeka has endured
	since Illirg's attack on Earth a year and a half ago, but the transfixed state you describe
	is much like Ayeka was when she was walking through the complex earlier today.  In fact,
	the reaction you had earlier was probably connected to Ayeka's proximity.

{Nerti nods and clasps her hands together in her lap.}

Nerti:  I see...

{Listening to Washu and Nerti talk about this topic has softened the bounty hunter's features
when he speaks up now, respectfully to the fire-haired woman.}

Pii:  What can be done?

{Washu looks up to him.}

Washu:  She can't have exposure to the Jurai Power.  That is for certain.  Think of the merger of
	Nerti to the NVO energy the same as a Jurai Royal to the Jurai Power.  Since it is tied to
	her life, what hurts that energy form will harm her easily as well.  Sinium, the confining
	metal, can be made into a substance to repress the manifestations of that power, but it has
	many varied side-effects.

{Pii nods solemnly.}

Pii:  Like the health of Ryoko and Nagi's mother...  That is not an option.

Washu:  The other way is for her to learn to control the energies herself.

{Nerti looks up to Washu, worry expressed gravely across her face.}

Nerti:  But, that could bring me under Tokimi's control like Ayeka, right?

{The professor closes her eyes and nods as the scene fades back to Pii and Nerti walking through
the corridor together.  The bounty hunter's head turns slightly as his eyes gaze consumed with
concern from beneath the black visor at the woman next to him.  While his memory recalls the joys
and horrors they have lived through together, he feels a warmth around his hand.  His lips change
to a grin while the fingers of his gauntlet wrap around the warmth he feels, the warmth of her
hand around his.  Nerti's feline features turn to her companion and muster a gracious smile of
thanks for his support.  Together, the two continue through the hallway when three figures join
them from an adjoining hall:  Yosho, Azaka, and Kamidake.  All five fall into rank and proceed
with one another when Yosho kindly turns to Nerti with a slight yet galant bow.}

Yosho:  Miss Ro, I trust you are feeling better?

{She smiles some and nods to the elder man.}

Nerti:  Yes, sir.  I am.

{The blonde woman then closes her eyes slowly and grows grave in expression to question the
Juraian.}

Nerti:  You're probably wondering if I felt any other presences like Ayeka's.

{The priest nods and confirms her suspicions with his serious demeanor.}

Yosho:  Ayeka doesn't want to be found for certain from the past few hours of searching the
	complex...  but Sasami is another matter...

{Both Pii and Nerti turn to Yosho in surprise at Sasami's name in his sentence.}

Nerti:  Sasami...?!  She's also missing...?!

{The rightful prince of Jurai nods and explains.}

Yosho:  Yes... she saw everything...

{The woman in white lowers her gaze from the Juraian while a sympathy enters into her soul for
the younger princess.  Her Terran ally glances to her a moment with a sigh of empathy before
refocusing towards Yosho with his own questions.}

Pii:  How's Ryoko?

{Yosho sighs hard before he answers.}

Yosho:  She's alive.  The doctors have stabilized her and moved her in with Tenchi for now.
	Nobuyuki is watching over both of them in our stead.

Pii:  Prognosis?

{The grandfather closes his eyes solemnly.}

Yosho:  They're still debating if she'll ever wake up.  Anything more than that...

{The young man turns his gaze to the distance gravely.}

Pii:  Not unlike Tenchi...

{The priest nods and opens his eyes weakly towards the end of the corridor while Pii changes the
subject of conversation.}

Pii:  Any ideas around what's controlling the princess, other than something linked to Tokimi?

{Yosho shakes his head.}

Yosho:  Only speculation.  What Nagi describes and was captured on the surveillance cameras in
	the room resembles Kain, and the energy given off from Ayeka's manifestations was similar
	to Kagato's corrupt power.

Pii:  I know what Kain was, and I've heard the name Kagato before.  It was from Tenchi when he
	and I talked before everyone arrived to fight.

{The grandfather sighs and nods.}

Yosho:  Yes, he was my close friend... a long time ago...  In many ways, Ayeka seems to be
	walking his path now, unwillingly...

{Pii's expression grows more intense as he finds a line of questioning.}

Pii:  So, this isn't unique.  Do you know how Kagato came upon his "corrupt power"?

Yosho:  Yes, he said it came from the "darkness of the universe" he found during the time he was
	away from Jurai.

Pii:  And, that "darkness" could very well be what we've been dealing with the past week.

{Yosho nods to the young man.}

Yosho:  That may very well be true.

{Azaka interjects a comment.}

Azaka:  Then, it is possible that Kagato was one of Tokimi's warriors also.

Yosho:  A fearful thought if I've ever heard one.

{The grip on Pii's hand becomes tighter as Nerti places her other hand over their bond and moves
closer to him.  His gaze turns to her fear-filled expression from the exchange of information
between them all.  He holds her gauntlet tighter and gently pulls her closer.  The group exits
the corridor into the lights of the INS divison of MiB HQ, where Washu, J, and Zed stand facing
the monitor covering the majority of the wall before them.  The three look back to watch as the
other five approach and join them.  Zed glances around at the faces before greeting them all
quickly.}

Zed:  Good for all of you to join us.  Dr Hakubi was going to start her analysis of our enemy,
	this "Tokimi".

{Pii looks over to J and speaks with him quietly.}

Pii:  How's L?

{The agent frowns at himself some before he answers.}

J:  She's keeping Mihoshi company at Kiyone's bedside... where I should be too.

{The bounty hunter nods and replies from his own experience.}

Pii:  I'd agree... but you're more help to her here, making sure this all ends.

{The suited man scoffs with a small smile.}

J:  Yeah, I know.  Still...   I feel I should be there.

{Nerti softly answers his retort.}

Nerti:  She knows that...  I'm certain...

{J blinks in surprise when he looks over to the blonde woman's serene smile as Pii nods
confidently.}

Pii:  As am I.

{The tall man slaps his hand on Pii's shoulder with a smile on his face.}

J:  Thanks.  I'm sure she also wants the best for you two.

Nerti:  We still have to thank her for her care through all this.

{Before anyone else can continue this conversation, Zed clears his throat and pulls their
attention back to himself and Washu.  J rolls his eyes while Pii shoots a glare from beneath his
visor as the chief agent yields the floor.}

Zed:  Your report, Dr Hakubi.

{The Ryoan girl shakes her head and sighs.}

Washu:  And, I was enjoying the warm fuzzies...

{A vein pulses on Zed's forehead while he growls her name.}

Zed:  Washu...!!

{She snaps her fingers as one of her small puppets of herself flips up on Zed's shoulder and
scurries across his chest with a roll of adhesive tape, spreading it along his lips to seal his
mouth shut.  The MiB leader reaches for the doll when it hops onto the ground and vanishes behind
Washu.  The professor turns away seriously from Zed while he starts trying to pull the tape off.
Everyone else has a teardrop appear and float down the side of their heads while she simply
glances around the aghast faces.}

Washu:  Someone had to shut him up.

{Soon, the surprise settles as the fire-haired Ryoan turns to the monitor before them all,
raising one arm at her side.  Beneath her hand, the keyboard and display of her phantom laptop
appear before she starts typing, summoning an image on the MiB monitor of Ryoshu, Ryoko and
Nagi's mother before the goddess's possession.  She begins.}

Washu:  Alright then, let's start with what we do know.  This is Ryoshu, mother of both Ryoko and
	Nagi who's been dead of natural causes since the twentieth of August 1992.

{With a few keystrokes, an image of Ryoshu-Tokimi after the possession appears next to the
portrait of the maternal persona.  The differences between the two being very notable:  the
clothing, crimson eyes, azure corneas, and green rage marks across the cheeks.  At this new
picture, J scowls while Nerti is taken aback as memories flood her mind.  She sees that very face
hiding in the shadows behind Oniko onboard Liaens's ship six months previous as she and Pii both
lay without physical control of their bodies, surrounded by Liaens, Jezibel, Oniko, and Seia.
Vividly, Ryoshu-Tokimi glances at Nerti's form from behind Oniko's shoulder with a pleased
expression before her mind returns her to the MiB headquarters.  Pii glances over to her
worriedly while Washu continues.}

Washu:  This is the "Ryoshu-Tokimi" that was seen last night.  This was taken by the image
	scanner that Kiyone had in her visor.  You can, of course, see the physical differences
	between the two, but the question of the day is how this woman here became that woman
	there.

{The Ryoan scientist turns her youthful figure around to the others and yields her conclusion.}

Washu:  The reason is that the entity known as "Tokimi" needs a human host body, deceased and
	empty of a soul, one that can harness the energies she controls.

{Many in the audience gain a disgusted look when Azaka speaks the truth of everyone else's mind.}

Azaka:  That is deplorable... disturbing someone's eternal rest for her own needs...!

{Washu nods.}

Washu:  I doublechecked this against the holy writings on Ryua to be sure of who and what she is.
	In the past seven-hundred years, many things have changed.  When I was still on Ryua, there
	was a little cult that no one paid attention to, circling around worship of a "Lady
	Tokimi", the first born of three sisters and destined to rule all.  Now, it is the dominant
	religion.

{J adds to her description with venom-filled sarcasm.}

J:  Bitch is full of herself...

Yosho:  That might be true, but it explains why several Ryoans, particularly their priests, have
	been involved in the past incidents.

Azaka:  Yes, the Ryobachi and Hotsuma on Ryua and Oniko on Liaens's vessel were all Ryoan
	priests.

Yosho:  And, highly dedicated to their "Lady".

{J questions confusedly.}

J:  But, why'd it change to this religion?

{Washu shrugs and shakes her head before Pii voices his own question.}

Pii:  But, what is she doing here?

Washu:  As Nagi explained to me, Tokimi is also the "Mother of Darkness" spoken of in the Holy
	Chronicle of Planet Jurai.  After doing a direct comparison of the descriptions and age of
	the Angel of Fire prophecy manuscripts from the Juraian libraries and the passages in Ryoan
	texts I hacked into, I found that they were nearly identical interpretation, and were both
	written nearly simultaneously by different authors, soon after the Ryo-Jurai War.

{Kamidake nods thoughtfully as his memory, as well as Azaka's, recall the specific time period.}

Kamidake:  When the two worlds were in conflict and had the most relations in the past millennia.

Washu:  And, had the most against each other.  To put it simply, the Angel of Fire prophecy
	foretells her defeat.  She's here now to keep it from coming true.  She already assumes
	that four among us are part of six destined to fight her, to quote, when "Darkness
	unimagined will descend upon a distant world enveloping it for the sheer purpose of its
	destruction."

{Soon after Washu's words finish echoing in everyone's mind, a familiar voice rings out in the
chamber, Angelbane's voice.}

Angelbane:  And, she will use any means necessary to accomplish her desire.

{The group turn to face the source of the voice while Zed finally removes the adhesive from his
mouth.  At that location, Angelbane appears with his cape flowing behind him over his chain mail
armor with Cassandra at his side, likewise dressed for combat by the armor across her diminutive
form and the great axe slung on her back.  Both stop with the others, their severity actually
seeming greater than those who have been directly involved in the current situation.  When his
eyes gaze over the group, he notices Pii and Nerti's hands intertwined in a supportive embrace.
He seems to sigh lightly with regret before Zed folds his arms and glares at the ageless man.}

Zed:  Where have you been while everything's been going to hell?

{Angelbane ignores the old man's tone and answers calmly.}

Angelbane:  My wife and I were conferring on how to go about dealing with the dark goddess.

Zed:  So, you knew she was here all along?

{The medieval-styled gentleman closes his eyes and nods, confirming the conceited Terran's
suspicion.}

Angelbane:  I've known she was here since we became involved in this incident.  I became
	knowledgeable of her presence when we stormed Liaens's ship during the Reunion.  I've also
	known about the shadow over Princess Ayeka's heart for a comparable amount of time.

{Pii's hand releases Nerti's as he steps forward towards his old friend, demanding answers of his
own.  The blonde woman blinks in surprise at his anger rising.}

Pii:  You've known all of this since then and said nothing?!  Why?!

{J adds his displeasure to this attack as he folds his arms.}

J:  Yeah, Mitsuki's dead now!  If you'd said something, she might not be!

Pii:  Not to mention that Tenchi and Ryoko are laid up, and Ayeka's AWOL!

{Angelbane cracks his eyes open slightly to shoot a cynical glare at the two behind the verbal
assault.}

Angelbane:  What would you have me do?  Should I have told you who she was and more?  What then?
	Watch all of you die in an attempt to destroy her?  I know her far more intimately than any
	of you, and I know that she wouldn't have hesitated to eliminate you all unless it served
	her purpose for you to live.

{Neither Pii nor J, nor anyone else, answers Angelbane's rhetoric, but the mood of the room has
not changed from his words.  Cassandra steps forward and speaks kindly in defense of her
husband.}

Cassandra:  We know of Princess Achi's prophecy and believe it will accomplish Tokimi's defeat.
	We were trying not to interfere with its fruition.

{Kamidake now speaks forcefully, but respectively also to the two figures of legend.}

Kamidake:  However, Lady duSoleil, your husband is a part of the princess's prophecy, the same as
	any of the others involved.  We all have a right to know about the enemy so that we can
	fulfill what is written in the Holy Chronicle.

{The eternal man shakes his head to the knight.}

Angelbane:  I cannot.  I made a promise to one close to all of us not to divulge my knowledge
	regarding any of this.  Cassandra, as my wife, is also bound by that pact.

{Washu looks wryly at Angelbane.}

Washu:  Then, what can you do to help?

{He turns his cool gaze to her and answers.}

Angelbane:  Our skills and abilities are at your command as of now.  As a demigod, my power is
	equal to about half of hers.  Cassandra has many talents of her own that compliment my own.

{Pii spins around from Angelbane and glares back over his shoulder towards the man he called
friend for the past years.}

Pii:  We're friends, Bane.  We've risked our lives together.  We've saved each other's life
	several times.  Hell, I've nearly been stepped-on or barbecued by Katiara numerous times,
	and you don't think that I... anyone of us is trustworthy enough for you to give what you
	know?  You know how much pain you could have saved all of us with only a few words?

{The elder of the two closes his eyes and speaks softly his answer.}

Angelbane:  One day, you will understand...  After you've suffered the losses and pain that we
	have, Will, then you will understand what I'm saying to you now.  Your youth and passion
	have always been a strength for you, but they can be blinders to you.  I fear you might
	realize this all too soon.

{Pii scowls and then faces ahead, his head lowered some while he attempts to keep his feelings of
betrayal in check.  Nerti rushes his side and places her hands on his shoulders while whispering
to him gently, calming him slowly with her kind nature.  However, another youthful female voice
calls for Angelbane from behind him, Katiara.}

Katiara:  Then, what about Ayeka, Father?

{He does not even turn to face her as she walks out of the shadows.  Cassandra does face her
adopted daughter, the golden dragon girl, who, dressed in her usual leather-like gear, is quite
angry with her father.  Cassandra starts towards her when the golden young woman waves her hand
to the negative.}

Katiara:  Are you going to sacrifice her for your promise to this "woman of mystery"?  Would you
	do that to any of the rest of us also?

{Angelbane's voice is solid and firm in his answer to the insolent girl.}

Angelbane:  I expect this from Will since he is only eighteen years old, but you, Katiara, are
	aeons old like Cassandra and myself.  You, of all people, should realize the extent of
	what's happening here.

{Katiara shakes her head and approaches him by a few more steps.}

Katiara:  I don't, Father.  Explain it.  Tell me why it's fine to let one person die, to let one
	life end no matter the result... or is it your revenge?  Would you let me die for your
	vengeance?  What about Moth...?

{He cuts her off sharply.}

Angelbane:  Hold your tongue, Katiara!

{She stops in her tracks and in the middle of her sentence as he slowly spins around to face her,
his eyes full of righteous anger at a disrespectful child.}

Angelbane:  Do not continue that question.  You know the answer.

{Katiara's demeanor does not change as she turns away and begins her walk towards the nearest
doorway.}

Katiara:  I do now.

{Cassandra calls after her daughter, the maternal side of her nature taking precedence.}

Cassandra:  Katiara!

{Before she can follow, Angelbane grabs her arm and pulls her back while Katiara leaves without
another word.  Cassandra's eyes plead back to her husband's quiet demeanor while he answers her
softly.}

Angelbane:  She's chosen her path.  It's time we let her walk it.

{She ceases her struggle against his grip and sighs deeply in defeat, unable to change the result
of this situation.  Pii silently watches and only glares at Angelbane coldly while Nerti sends
her empathy through her soft gaze toward the eternal man's wife.  Kamidake closes his eyes and
looks away from the scene when J curses the powerful gentleman whose daughter left.}

J:  Bastard...

{Yosho and Azaka face Washu and Zed gravely as they question the two.}

Yosho:  Washu, do you have any plan or idea about how to defeat Tokimi?

{The scientist folds her arms and takes a slow breath while her mind goes over the
possibilities.}

Washu:  The Jurai Cannon can be made ready so if we can get her in a stationary position for
	approximately twenty seconds, it can hit her.  However, we don't know the extent of her
	power yet.  She could just brush it off without a thought.

Azaka:  What if we launched some of the ships as support to lure her into position and detain
	her?

{The Ryoan nods, contemplating the suggestion.}

Washu:  It could work.  Though, she survived Tenchi's transformation, which released about as
	much power as the cannon, if not more.  I don't believe that alone will do the job, even
	with ship support.

{Pii's voice then speaks out another idea.}

Pii:  What about containing her?

{The professor looks around the Juraian royalty to see the young Terran and the golden woman with
him nodding back to them.}

Pii:  Why can't we use the power sources for the anti-NVO weaponry to create a synthetic-Jurai
	shield around her?

{Yosho and Azaka also turn to the bounty hunter when Washu answers his concept.}

Washu:  Good idea, but not feasible.  Taking the cells would take away most of the weapons that
	would have any effect on her at all, and Tenchi's own pure Jurai field was like a sheet of
	paper to her.

{J spins to her confusedly with his own question.}

J:  Why don't you just do both?  Lure her in and blast her before you lock her up?

{The professor glances to J curiously before turning to contemplation as Nerti nods and speaks
her mind.}

Nerti:  That might work.  If she can be weakened enough to be contained by a field and then sent
	into subspace or some other dimension.

{The fire-haired professor shakes her head and negates the blonde's idea.}

Washu:  I wouldn't recommend locking her into another universe.  If she is Kain's mother...
	creator... whatever, she probably has far superior skill and strength with NVO energy.
	Locking her in subspace would do as little as if we had left Kain there in 1970.

{Shortly after Washu finishes her sentence, a regal voice breaks in before anyone else can
continue the conversation, Ayeka's quiet and strong presence.}

Ayeka:  Attention, everyone within the Men in Black Headquarters.

{All turn to the monitor to see Ayeka's visage gazing back at them solemnly, the pink combat
uniform around her body, the black Mark of Rage across her cheeks, and the tiara missing from her
freed hair.  Washu blinks in surprise of the princess's appearance while Zed glares at her in
confusion from the interruption.  Yosho watches her cautiously, noting a hopelessness in her gaze
that is undeniable while Azaka takes a step forward.}

Azaka:  Princess Ayeka...

{Kamidake examines the background behind her, recognizing it as the bridge to a Juraian vessel.}

Kamidake:  That's Ryu-Oh's bridge...!

{Pii and Nerti both watch her in silence, though Nerti also notices the emotions within Ayeka's
face and finds them a source of worry.  Cassandra gasps and covers her mouth with her hand,
taking one step backward while Angelbane rests his hand on her shoulder supportively as he gazes
at Ayeka analytically.  Zed's boarish voice calls Ayeka.}

Zed:  Princess Ayeka Jurai!  Where are you?!  What...?!

{The princess raises her hand and stops Zed with her own words, quiet and yet laiden with raging
emotions on all points of the continuum of feeling.}

Ayeka:  I am where I should be.  If Nagi was with you, I would apologize for what I have done to
	both her and Ryoko directly.  Since she is not, I ask that one of you could tell her that I
	regret that incident with all of what remains of my soul.

{Nerti steps forward and shakes her head.}

Nerti:  That wasn't your fault, princess...!

{Ayeka glances to Nerti when she recalls the dream once more, Nerti with Tokimi's eyes glaring
deep into her soul while Jurai burns below them.  The violet-haired woman closes her eyes and
replies to the dark woman cloaked in white.}

Ayeka:  Ms Ro...  the destiny awaiting you may very well be harsher than what awaits me...  I
	have seen you in my nightmares, and I pray that in doing this, I will prevent those visions
	from becoming truth.  Hopefully, you will be spared that fate.

{The grey-eyed girl is taken aback while the regal gaze of the princess falls upon Yosho and the
knights.  As she speaks, all can see the tears starting to roll down her face.}

Ayeka:  Grandfather Katsuhito...  when Tenchi awakens... tell him that I am sorry... for
	everything...  my lack of courage to face him...  what I did to Ryoko...  all the pain I
	caused...

{The Juraian prince closes his eyes and frowns at his interpretation of her words as tears appear
at the edges of his eyes when Kamidake asks directly.}

Kamidake:  What are you saying, princess...?

{Her crimson eyes focus on him alone with a weak yet sincere grin on her face.}

Ayeka:  Sir Kamidake Juraiko... please care for Lady Nagi with all your strength... all your
	heart...  Never let her go... else you will live in regret... just as I have...

{The red knight takes a few steps forward, shaking his head in confusion.}

Kamidake:  I do not understand, princess.  What are you...?

{Before Kamidake can finish his sentence, Azaka answers the younger man's question in a most
grave tone.}

Azaka:  She intends to die...

{Shock runs through the younger Juraian's body while his eyes dart back to Azaka's expression of
reserved sorrow before refocusing on Ayeka in total amazement.  Kamidake calls back to the
princess despirately.}

Kamidake:  Princess, there is no need for that!!  Your condition can be treated!!  I am sure of
	that!!

{She shakes her head with a smile beneath her quiet tears, a beautiful portrait of a Juraian
warrior if not for the subject matter.}

Ayeka:  I can never face my sister again...  I have lost the love of my life... attacked an
	innocent woman...  gone against every moral in which I had faith...  This is my chance to
	redeem myself... in my own eyes...

{Pii stands next to Nerti with a gentle touch from his hand on her shoulder as he now reverently
asks the Juraian woman about this redemption.}

Pii:  What are you going to do?

{Ayeka's eyes close as she now takes a breath and names her terms.}

Ayeka:  I require the five Keys of the Jurai Power...

{All the Juraians along with Washu gasp at her request when Azaka steps forward and pleads with
her to reconsider.}

Azaka:  Princess Ayeka, we cannot allow that!!  Without the Keys, we lose possibly the strongest
	weapons we have against our enemy!!

{The regal lady nods and continues in her soft yet commanding voice with her true intentions.}

Ayeka:  Using all the power within me channelled through the Keys... I may weaken her enough for
	Mr Pii's containment idea to actually succeed...

{Kamidake shakes his head and calls to the princess again.}

Kamidake:  No, princess!!  This is not necessary, not your life!!

{Her kind eyes open once more, gazing through her tears at the group watching her last address.}

Ayeka:  Without them, I will soon lose control to the darkness growing inside me...  My tiara
	kept the monster contained for a time... All five give me a cage to bind it...  Please...
	let me do this one last act...

{As if in answer to the woman's prayers, a emerald glow arises from beneath Yosho's gi when the
Tenchiken sword Key floats away from him into the air before him.  He watches the device in
wonder before looking back down to his robes when another light appears.  The tiara Key emerges
and joins the sword in a synchronous pulsing beacon of Jurai energy.  Azaka and Kamidake are awed
by the sight of the two Keys when their staves being flashing in the same rhythm as the first two
Juraian implements.  Their collective gazes shoot to their weapons as a fifth and final item is
summoned from the corridors and rockets to the side of the sword and tiara, Nagi's hairband.  The
staves pull away from the knights and join the other three Keys to levitate together, unified,
above the heads of all the witnesses.  J and Zed are dumbstruck by the vision of power before
them while Washu watches the five Keys silently, taking the event and placing it in her current
knowledge of the items.  Her mind begins to process.}

Washu:  The other four are responding to the sword... the master... the leader...  also known as
	the Light Hawk Sword...  It responded to Ayeka... not Yosho...

{Pii and Nerti watch in wonder, the dark woman too overcome by the image before her to feel any
pain from the energy emitted from the weapons.  Angelbane and Cassandra lower their heads,
knowing Fate has chosen a new path for them all.  The flashing of the Keys ceases as the light
grows to envelop them all before vanishing and reappearing behind Ayeka on Ryu-Oh's bridge.  Her
tears do not stop as she bows her head and whispers a prayer.}

Ayeka:  Thank you...

{She does not lift her head again when she now speaks to everyone else at MiBHQ.}

Ayeka:  Please forgive me...

{The violet hair fades into black static as the transmission from the Jurai vessel ends, leaving
those remaining with nothing more from the princess.  The awe in the room fades into a sadness
slowly as the actual meaning of the past events slowly enters into their collective
consciousness.  Yosho closes his eyes tightly while his face is caught in frustration as it
lowers, angled towards the floor.  His words come forcefully from his determined soul.}

Yosho:  I won't let her do this...!!

{All eyes in the chamber turn to the Legendary Warrior of Jurai as he grips his hands into tight
fists at his sides.  His tears drip from his chin before he raises his eyes and looks about the
room at those around him.}

Yosho:  Ayeka is too important... too dear to all of us!!  I can't let her do this!!  I won't!!
	I won't lose anyone else in this family!!

{Kamidake wipes his face and nods with a small smile on his face.}

Kamidake:  I second that, Lord Yosho.

{Azaka mirrors his partner and adds his allegience.}

Azaka:  As do I, sire

{J steps forward and joins with them in their mission.}

J:  I'm in too.  We can't lose a lady like that.

{Pii's voice calls to them with a question.}

Pii:  I agree, but what are we going to do about it?  She has all five Keys and a Jurai ship.
	Stopping her is one thing, but if she engages Tokimi before we can catch her, we'll have to
	deal with both of them.

{Yosho nods and answers quickly.}

Yosho:  Then, we'll have to improvise.  You seem to have some skill at that.  Are you with us?

{The Terran glances to Nerti at his side before replying.  She gazes back at him gravely with all
her heart as she nods the affirmative, allowing him to now answer the prince confidently.}

Pii:  Yes, sir.  I am.

{The eldest Juraian nods back to him before glancing to the two loyal knights.}

Yosho:  Very well then.  Azaka and Kamidake, I ask that the two of you remain here and guard
	those here in case we are unsuccessful.  I have confidence that even without your staves,
	you are still strong enough to hold your ground.

{Both knights confirm with a snap to attention before the rightful ruler of their people.}

Azaka & Kamidake:  Yes, sire.

{The bounty hunter turns to his love and speaks with her seriously as well.}

Pii:  Can you and Washu handle arrangements while we're gone?

{She nods back to him confidently.}

Nerti:  Yes, we can.

Pii:  Then, I'll leave it to you...

{He places his hands on her cheeks as he kisses her lightly on the lips, causing her to blush
some before gazing deep into her line of sight.}

Pii:  Take care...

Nerti:  You too...

{The two separate as Pii goes to join Yosho and J while Nerti takes her place with Washu and Zed.
The Juraian prince turns to Angelbane and Cassandra with one last request evident in his sight
alone.  The wife looks up to her husband with pleading eyes before the man of aeons closes his
own eyelids when he nods back to Yosho.  As he goes to join the other three, his mind churns the
thoughts of all he knows about the coming battle.}

Angelbane:  The Keys have chosen...  The maelstrom is closer than I had thought...  Murderess of
	my son... woman I once loved... the time is fast approaching...  I pray that all are truly
	ready for their fates...

End Scene 2

Scene 3

{The people of New York City walk along the sidewalks of the streets within the diminishing
sunlight of the star Sol high on the horizon.  The asphalt is concealed beneath the rubber and
steel of the various types of automobiles driven over the black substance.  Everyone from the
average businessman to the petty shopper continues in their monotonous dance of daily life,
occasionally stopping and gazing into the gaping holes in buildings, especially the World Trade
Center towers left open to the winds along the horizon allowing various beams of light to light
the shadowed streets of Manhattan.  However, this stoic strength is soon broken by a rumbling
from overhead that shakes the walls of the building as it approaches.  The citizens stop and gaze
curiously or fearfully in the direction of the rumbling noise, watching as a wooden battleship in
the sky flies over them at an altitude higher than the Twin Towers by only a few meters.  Jaws
drop, and eyes pop open in wonder, amazement, awe, and even horror as the vessel continues on its
path in the direction of the Twin Towers at subsonic speeds.  To those MiB agents mixed within
the crowds, the configuration is quickly recognized as Ryu-Oh, Ayeka Jurai's treeship.  While the
normal people begin to panic, stare in awe, or locate the nearest telephone, the hidden MiB
agents follow the Juraian construct in the direction of its destination.  As the people react to
the alien object in the sky, quiet and solemn crimson eyes watch the events below through the
primary display window on Ryu-Oh's bridge.  The light red combat uniform clings tightly to her
smooth skin just as the dark shadow called the Mark of Rage does to her cheeks while one blue
ring encircles her left arm.  However, the blackness on her face is not smeared by the
tear-streaks that cross her troubled expression.  Behind her, the five Keys to the Jurai Power
float in the still air when a sigh escapes her lips as her eyes close.  Under her gentle breath,
her regal words call for hope and strength in her mission.}

Ayeka:  God... please help me do this...  Give me strength...

{Deep within her mind, an answer shocks its way into clarity as pain follows when her eyes pop
open with a grey hue clouding the Juraian red.  The possessing entity within her speaks to her
directly, just as it has before in her own voice from the darker side of her nature, mocking
her.}

Mock Ayeka:  God has no plans to save a woman such as you, Ayeka of Jurai...  You should
	surrender to the destiny Fate has assigned to you...

{The princess's hands reach to her head and press against various points as her breathing
increases in both speed and intensity while her eyes close back tightly, attempting to force the
pain back.  She yells back at the fake persona of the second presence within her body.}

Ayeka:  You are not me!!  Be silent and leave me in peace!!

{The other being ceases its continuation of the facade it has played for so long, reverting to
the same male voice she heard when it forced her hand upon Ryoko.  Though the voice changes, the
painful hold is not released from the princess's soul.}

Male:  What difference does it truly make if you know that I am not part of you?  Your soul knows
	that part of you wants what will result from this union.  You cannot deny this anymore than
	you can deny your love for Tenchi Masaki.

{At these words, tears appear and roll down Ayeka's visage as she falls to her knees, holding
herself tightly as facets of her defense are beginning to crumble.  The man's vocal continues,
finding a sickening pleasure in attacking the woman's mind.}

Male:  Seia could sense my presence altering who you are, Ayeka Jurai.  The visions sent to you
	by the waning Jurai Power within you showed the changes as they came.  Even the machine
	sent to Earth to murder the Terran called Zed felt the evil growing inside you.  All
	foretold what you were becoming, the true dark ruler of the Jurai Royal Family.

{A smile could be heard in the speaker's next few words.}

Male:  Welcome to your fate, your new family... as Kagato's replacement.

{Ayeka's Mark of Rage begins to grow more claws along her face as the presence starts its final
consumption of her soul.  More and more, the obsidian markings resemble Kagato's from his combat
with Tenchi and Yosho as her scream fills the halls of Ryu-Oh.}

Ayeka:  No!!

{At her scream, the Tenchiken flashes a bright green as the hairband and both staves shoot
towards Ayeka.  The hairband extends and wraps around Ayeka's right arm, mirroring the ring
around her left while the two staves cross as a large "X".  The headpieces of each staff phase
their golden rings such that the golden rings interlock with the ring and the hairband around
Ayeka's arms.  It is further noted that the headpiece of the red staff connects with the hairband
while the blue staff unites with the combat uniform's original ring.  The woman's form is thrown
back as she winces as the three Keys glow a bright emerald, surrounding her with their power.
She forces her eyes open, which remain in a colorful flux between slate and ruby, to see the
sword and tiara floating peacefully before her face.  Both organic items emit a soft green light
that soothes Ayeka's expression of pain, pacifying the war within her.  Gradually, a smile
crosses her lips as her tears continue to flow not in pain, but in thanks for their gift to her.
The tiara approaches her forehead and adjusts its position to take its rightful place upon her
brow while Ayeka's hair is brushed aside by an unseen wind into its normal style of regal
fashion.  The Key slides onto her head gently, locking itself against her skin and hair as she
closes her eyes, accepting its return to her.  With this, the four Keys in direct contact with
her shimmer and change the color of their light from emerald to a white silver.  When the light
flows over her, the Mark of Rage reduces down to her normal manifestation of the Jurai Power.
The energy recedes from her form as she leans forward and opens her thankful, tearfilled eyes
towards the floor before her, once again crimson in color.  She blinks the fluid from her sight
as her gaze moves up to see the sword hilt descending to her.  Her hands extend beneath the item
as it comes to rest in her grasp, losing its lustrous light.  The smile on her lips trembles as
soft words escape them.}

Ayeka:  Guide me, Lord Tenchi...  Through your blade... save us all once again...

{The Tenchiken answers her request to its owner and shifts its structure, extending into the
staff Achika wielded against Kain.  She closes her eyes and nods while her hands grip the weapon
as she stands wiping her tears away with her free hand.  However, the shadow contained within her
growls into the deep regions of her consciousness, hissing a warning to her from his prison of
Jurai Power.}

Male:  You may have me contained for now, Ayeka Jurai...  but this will not last...  nor will
	your damned hope to save your loved ones...

{Her regal head shakes in denial while her gaze sets in determination upon the display before
her.}

Ayeka:  No, I no longer care about what happens to me... They are all that matter...  Even if I
	die now, that means they do not have to face you at least...

{A snear is heard in his voice.}

Male:  You will live to regret those words, Juraian...

{The harbinger echos in her mind when an alarm pulls her attention away from the demon within her
soul.  She glances up to see a window flashing red characters that translate from the Juraiji
roughly as "Proximity Alert".  With a thought, the alien language quickly cuts to an image of the
retrofitted Roswell saucer approaching Ryu-Oh from behind at a cautious speed.  The princess
sighs and blinks slowly at their determination before glacing towards the ceiling of the bridge
chamber.  The ship is uneasily silent as she speaks her final request of the vessel.}

Ayeka:  I thank you for your loyalty... and your care...  I request only one last act of you...
	and you may deny me if you wish... but keep them from this battle...  Do not hurt them, but
	do not allow them to interfere... please...

{A moment passes while the woman lowers her gaze silently before the ship's systems energize as
the vessel turns to face the second ship.  Ayeka smiles with a relieved sigh that carries her
thanks.}

Ayeka:  Thank you... my Ryu-Oh...

{The emerald glow of the Jurai Power envelops the elder princess of the Jurai Royal Family,
transporting her away from the ship's bridge.  Outside, the green orb containing Ayeka flies from
Ryu-Oh's hull down towards the now vacant streets below the treeship while the MiB ship advances
at Ryu-Oh.  Loyal to Ayeka's command, Ryu-Oh's weapon systems emerge from its various gunports
and charge to fire, causing the other vessel to stop and hover facing the myriad of barrels
directed at its prow.  On its bridge, J sits behind the tank-like controls with Pii in the seat
next to him while Yosho and Angelbane stand firm behind them.  All seem nervous at the arsenal
before them, save Angelbane who advises the pilot calmly and quietly.}

Angelbane:  Move away from Ryu-Oh slowly...

{The MiB agent simply nods as he pulls back on both control handles, causing the ship to move
smoothly away from Ayeka's treeship.  After this action, Ryu-Oh's weapons power down but do not
retract within the hull.  Pii nods at this in his analytic gaze.}

Pii:  It's not going to let us by to get near her.  We'll have to find another way.  I could fly
	around Ryu-Oh while you keep it busy, J.

{J nods and agrees.}

J:  I can see that.

{Yosho shakes his head.}

Yosho:  Ryu-Oh won't let you.  It may not harm us, but it will fire to protect its master.

{The bounty hunter turns to the prince and responds to him.}

Pii:  I can deal with warning shots.  I'm not afraid of getting hurt out there.

{The grandfather nods in agreement but also rebukes the young man.}

Yosho:  I don't doubt your skill, but the ship can also seal you in a force shield or literally
	tie you down with vines.  My point is that we must have a Key from Ayeka to change Ryu-Oh's
	commands.

{J now questions, watching the stalemate of his ship with the Jurai vessel and thinking himself.}

J:  What do you have to do, and how close do you have to be?

Yosho:  I could try and call a Key back from Ayeka, but I need to be within one hundred meters to
	make any attempt.

{The pilot nods and sets his focus forward as he begins a gentle and slow maneuver.}

J:  Then, let's tango, Ryu-Oh.

{As the disk-like ship begins to test the Jurai ship's resolve from various approach angles, the
Juraian princess walks unwieldingly towards the office building in which Mitsuki's life was taken
from her, in the shadow of the Twin Towers.  The light dims around her as the sun continues its
passage below the horizon, and the wind whistles to her, blowing loose sheets of paper in manical
dances in the streets.  Her eyes are not detered from her mission while her hands grip the
elongated Tenchiken tightly.  The two staves silently maintain a distance from her back as the
hairband Key upon her right shoulder is also quiet, as is the tiara on her forehead.  All await
the one she now chooses to face.  Ayeka stops and takes a defensive stance when a voice other
than her own or the creature within her calls her name, the voice of Ryoshu-Tokimi.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Welcome, Princess Ayeka of Jurai...

{A shiver shoots down the princess's spine as from the door into the nameless office building,
the ethereal form appears in first silhouette until the waning daylight falls upon her.  In the
same red and black gown encircled by golden rings and the one flowing white ribbon, Ryoshu-Tokimi
silently walks confidently towards the Juraian.  The streamer crown upon her forehead completes
the beauty of the deadly, possessed Ryoan.  Her crimson and azure eyes examine Ayeka's stance and
armament instantly, causing her to stop her egress.  Her voice, as heavenly and maternal as it
is, sounds cold and analytic to the young woman before her.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  The five Keys...  You are using them to contain him...  Are you not...?

{Ayeka nods and takes a step back while all five Jurai Keys energize with an emerald glow as
their individual crests shine brightly.  Tenchiken's crest sparks out violet power that unifies
into the great blade that has not been seen for the past twenty-eight years while the princess's
soft voice answers the goddess.}

Ayeka:  I will not allow him to do more evil through me... nor you through Lady Ryoko's mother...

{The eternal woman is unmoved by the young woman's show of power nor by her words as her eyes
glance to the two ships dancing in the sky.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  And, those in the sky...?  I assume them your support...?

{The Juraian shakes her head.}

Ayeka:  No, I face you alone.

{The dark being nods and replies to her coldly.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Then, I shall be certain they do not interfere.

{The clawed hand of regal violet raises towards the two ships when both are struck hard by an
unseen force, sending both out of control in the direction of the Twin Towers.  Ayeka's mouth
opens in shock as she watches each ship ram into one of the towers.  Upon impact, the glass of
the windowed walls shatters, sending shards outward into the air while the entire structure of
each bends in reaction to the hit and extra weight.  The saucer's exterior hatch opens, allowing
Pii and Angelbane to dart away to another skyscaper carrying Yosho and J before the upper portion
of the tower collapses upon the small, elderly craft.  Ryu-Oh, however, remains motionless while
the metal, concrete, and glass fall down around the wooden frame.  Both towers fall under their
own weight and the weight of the two ships, sending debris directly to the streets below while
dust is shot outward, consuming the vision into ground-zero.  People stand horrified, whether in
their own office buildings or on the roads a safe distance away after running from Ryu-Oh's
presence.  After a few moments, an unseen wind pushes the dust cloud away, revealing Ayeka and
Ryoshu-Tokimi standing on the street once more, as well as the wreckage of the disaster.  The
saucer is demolished and indistinguishable from the building's rubble while Ryu-Oh survived its
ordeal though it is buried beneath the twisted beams and stone of the tower's former glory.
Although the ship is not critically damaged, the exterior is scarred and pitted from the fallen
materials around it.  High atop their safe location, the four from the saucer look back down at
the destruction before turning their collective gazes towards the conductor of this devastation.
Pii draws his blade and reopens his metal wings before Angelbane bars the youth's path with his
arm.  The black visor glares back while the ageless head shakes in the negative with a few
unheard words.  J's eyes focus on Mitsuki's murderer and grips his hands, desiring a firearm to
instrument his revenge.  Yosho watches Ayeka's horror as her gaze falls upon her fallen Ryu-Oh,
loyal to her commands until the goddess's hand knocked it away like a child's toy.  The
grandfather shakes his head lipping the words "Don't" as she faces back to Ryoshu-Tokimi with
rage-filled tears.  She repositions herself towards her enemy when her yell of mixed emotion
calls down the possess Ryoan.}

Ayeka:  They wouldn't have interfered!!  That wasn't necessary!!  Ryu-Oh was keeping them away!!

{Ryoshu-Tokimi's gaze is cold as she replies her own explanation.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  That may be so.  However, your Ryu-Oh, the tree you raised with your own strength
	for so many years, is now locked away in a cage of stone and metal, just as the presence in
	your body has been contained by those five Keys you possess.  The others were in the way.

{Hearing these words, Ayeka's hands tighten around the sword's hilt while her trembling lips pull
apart to bare her teeth, clenched in anger.  The goddess nods with a soft smile gracing her
visage.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  I knew when I first saw you, Ayeka of Jurai, that you were the perfect choice for
	this fate.  Your emotions are so easily manipulated by using those for whom you care.
	Accept your future, princess of Jurai, and become what your predecessor could not.

{Ayeka's answer comes as a scream and an explosion of Jurai Power around her from not only the
Keys, but herself as well.}

Ayeka:  No!!

{Her feet leave the ground as she flies forward, actually propelling herself through the air
without landfall when she speeds at Ryoshu-Tokimi, the violet blade of the master Key drawn back
to strike.  The eternal woman's grin only grows as the ethereal blade approaches, enveloping them
both in an ever-increasing light.  The light fades to the soft violet of spiked hair, free from
its normal bonds of the third Jurai Key.  Nagi runs through the corridors of MiB HQ, her cape and
cowl flapping behind her along with the spikes of her hair.  In the back of her thoughts, she
curses herself for what she believes was a weakness.}

Nagi:  Damn Ryoan blood...!  If not for it, I wouldn't have been drowning my problems in the
	shower while my Jurai Key stole itself away...!!

{In the distance, a young girl's scream of pain pulls Nagi's attention away from herself and
towards the child, Sasami.  The hunter's run accelerates as she pushes herself faster down the
corridor while a despiration and concern for the princess's welfare replaces the cursing
introspection.}

Nagi:  Oh God, Sasami...!!

{As she approaches the source of the screams, the hallways around the young woman are filled with
a bright white light.  She raises her hand to shield her eyes from the ambience when Sasami's
voice goes silent.  She calls out to the girl.}

Nagi:  Sasami!!  Sasami, answer me!!

{She slows as all she can see is white, save two small figures sitting before a hardly
distinguishable doorway.  She squints her eyelids to make out the small beings to be Ryo-Ohki and
Ken-Ohki, curled away and in what shadow remains from the purity emitting from the opening.  Nagi
continues forward asking questions to herself, as well as Ken-Ohki through her telepathic
connection with him.}

Nagi:  What is going on...?  Where is Sasami...?  What is this light everywhere...?  It is warm,
	but not unpleasant... almost familiar...

{The warrior glances up into the center of the light and now sees a small, female figure outlined
near the center.  Her eyes widen when she recognizes the girl as Sasami, but Sasami folded over
on her knees, holding herself in agony.  She yells for the princess as she begins a dash,
reaching for the child.  Without warning, Sasami throws herself back, arching her spine followed
by a terrified and agonizing scream.  The light energy around them all explodes outward,
increasing the brightness and sending a force wave in all directions.  The walls smash outward
from the force, which also tosses Nagi backward into the far wall of the hall.  She strikes hard,
her body partially imbedded into the metal of the bulkhead.  Fade from Nagi to Ayeka, likewise
planted within a concrete pillar while the dark goddess stalks her at her own leisure.  The elder
princess slides down to a crouching stance, trying to regain her balance and breath while her
violet sword blade flickers away.  Her rosy combat uniform bears a deep gash on the left side of
her chest, exposing her soft skin to the open air.  However, the flesh is lightly burned with a
light cut, which bleeds red down the side of her body.  Her left hand leaves the sword hilt to
hold the wound.  Ryoshu-Tokimi's clothing is untouched by Ayeka's blade while her right hand
holds a familiar grey sword hilt which extends an obsidian blade, coated in crimson fire.  The
Juraian's eyes glance up at the weapon that held her captive years ago, Kagato's dark sword Key.
The possessed Ryoan speaks softly to the young woman before her, both confidently and calmly.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  You are worthy of the title "Juraian princess", child.  Your power alone speaks
	that truth.  However, your strength cannot change your place in Fate's plan.

{She stops with Ayeka at her feet, gazing down at the defiant princess with an air of slight
pride.  The regal-haired woman's stance slides to one knee while the eternal being continues her
monologue.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Your fury just now would have impressed the prodigal Ryoko.  The hatred in your
	eyes and the bared teeth of your rage equalled hers, not to mention the energy you
	generated.

{Admiration fades from the goddess as her speaks becomes more grave and stern towards the mortal
at her feet.  While the words flow, Ayeka moves the hilt forward, before her head and stands it
upward while grasping it with both hands.  Her weight is balanced upon it as though she would
fall if it were removed.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Your hope that the prince will save you is ill-placed, just as the prodigal's was
	lost on you.  Give up that worthless sword...

{Her sentence is cut off by Ayeka's yell as she shifts her weight onto her legs and pushes upward
at the image of Ryoko's mother.  She juts the sword forward when her violet blade reappears and
blasts itself through Ryoshu-Tokimi's chest and out her back.  The princess then continues to
drive forward, pushing the blade into her enemy up to the crest of the hilt.  Her furiful gaze
drenched in tears pierces deep into the ruby and azure eyes of her opponent while the princess's
rage-filled voice softly rebukes the goddess.}

Ayeka:  I'd rather die than give up this sword or the boy who bears its name!!

{A viscous, black fluid rolls from the edge of Ryoshu-Tokimi's mouth while her eyes slowly grow
not weaker, but more angry towards the passionate woman.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Insolent girl...!!

{Before Ayeka can react, the clawed hand whips before her face and slams open-handed into her
cheek, sending the princess to the ground with a red mark and five small, bloodless cuts across
her face.  However, the regal lady pulls the sword with her, cutting through the undead rib cage.
Once on the ground, the violet blade flickers down to a weakened form while the Juraian tries to
right herself.  Ryoshu-Tokimi never lets her gaze leave Ayeka as she turns to face her once
again, but as she turns, the black cuts in her body seal themselves back like no injury had
occurred to her form or her clothing.  However, this process takes several moments beyond the
time it takes the woman to fully turn.  When Ayeka reaches her feet, she kicks back and away from
the goddess while red and blue auras surround the headpieces of each respective staff on her
back.  The dark being begins to step after her slowly when the princess's feet touch the ground
followed by her left hand.  She whips her head up to catch a glimpse of the enemy before the two
auras on the staves blast away from her and rocket at Ryoshu-Tokimi.  The possessed Ryoan draws
back her left hand, black lightning gathering into a sphere in her palm while she raises the
sword to swipe.  When the two colored balls of Jurai Power come close, she slashes the blade and
pushes the other charge forward into  her opponent's attacks.  When the two sets meet, sparks of
many colors shoot in all directions before the four spheres explode into a cloud of dust and
energy filament.  Ryoshu-Tokimi walks through this cloud unharmed when Ayeka draws back both arms
behind her as her brown, wooden cylinders appear around the goddess.  These discharge a cage of
white arcs of electicity between themselves, grouping upon the undead body.  She winces some but
continues forward when the black blade of Kagato's sword blazes brighter as the energy from
Ayeka's field attack seems to focus and enter the sword, increasing it in size and strength,
similar to the sword in Ayeka's hands.  Her eyes open wide in amazement and memory as her head
shakes in denial.}

Ayeka:  This can't be...!!  Only Lady Achika...!!

{Ryoshu-Tokimi answers coldly.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  I know the techniques used to kill my son, Ayeka of Jurai.  Now, I use them to
	finish this game.

{The princess lowers her head and grips Tenchiken tightly as she speaks softly and firmly to
herself, wincing from the pain of her wounds.}

Ayeka:  Not even weakened...  So be it...  My life then...

{Ayeka's gaze lifts gravely to her enemy when all five Keys glow emerald before the auras change
into a blaze of Jurai Power, reflecting the fires within her mind and soul.  Her feet levitate
from the ground while the violet blade of Tenchiken grows into a sword of flame.  The headpieces
of the staves spin wildly and shimmer their colors while the tiara and hairband have their crests
shine brightly, giving their power to the effort of the others.  She grips the sword with both
hands while drawing it over her head for a direct, forward strike.  She whispers a quiet prayer
to her love one last time.}

Ayeka:  Forgive me, Tenchi...

{She then yells a cry of battle when she launches forward at Ryoshu-Tokimi as the blazing, dark
sword flies up to meet its polar opposite.  With the clash of the swords, a scream rings out in
MiB HQ.  Sasami falls forward in the white light as her clothes rip at the shoulder seam.
Simultaneously with the strikes of Ayeka's combat with Ryoshu-Tokimi, Sasami's cries of pain echo
in Nagi's ears.  A cut is made in Ayeka's leg as Sasami's collar seam snaps.  The elder sister
has her battlesuit cut deeply in the right shoulder, near the hairband Key while the younger
shoots to her feet, her bust breaking through the chest of her kimono.  The blue ring around
Ayeka's left arm is ripped by the goddess's claws as Sasami's belts snap and shoot across the
room out towards Nagi, allowing the kimono to fall freely around the younger princess.
Meanwhile, Nagi's appearance has also changed in the pure light.  Her Mark of Rage has mirrored
itself on her other cheek while her hair as softened from its normal fiery look to a fluid
Juraian style, just the same as her transformed state from her fight with Jezibel.  The light
subsides around Sasami as she releases a deep breath and slumps forward.  Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki
run to Nagi's side, calling to her in their feline voices anxiously.  Slowly, the bounty hunter's
eyes open and sight not only the cabbits, but young Sasami as well.  Nagi quickly stands and then
falls to her knees from the pain of being thrown into a wall.  Her gaze moves towards the
princess again to see Sasami stand, but not the Sasami she saw moments ago.  The girl before her
is now a woman, physically in her mid-twenties with the ripped remnants of Sasami's kimono from
the celebration.  Nagi blinks as if it was an illusion, but the figure remains the same as it
turns to face her.  The woman faces the ceiling, taking a deep breath of relief before lowering
her eyes back to look upon Nagi.  With a wave of her hand, the shreds of clothing vanish,
replaced with a regal, white kimono of the Jurai Royal Family, complete with cyan shoulder armor
and crimson chest plate among other decorations of nature and flora.  The twin triangles that
were on Sasami's forehead have metamorphosed into two ovals while her hair has simply lengthened,
retaining the shine and beauty of youth and the twin ponytail hairstyle of Ayeka.  Ryo-Ohki and
Ken-Ohki turn to face the changed Sasami and call to her kindly with familiarity.  She kneels
before Nagi and extends her hand to her gently with a few soft words.}

Sasami:  Are you alright, Nagi...?

{The hunter's hand reaches to Sasami's cheek and lightly touches her skin in disbelief.}

Nagi:  Sasami...?!  What in the name of...?!

{The mature Sasami shakes her head as she helps Nagi to her feet.}

Sasami:  Now is not the time, my dear...  My sister Ayeka is in danger and will come here
	shortly...  I need to speak with you immediately in that regard...

{The hunter blinks again in confusion while the scene shifts to Ayeka's broken form on the ground
before Ryoshu-Tokimi.  Her combat uniform is in tatters while the violet blade of the elongated
Tenchiken finally flickers and passes into silence, the hilt reverting to its normal size and
shape.  Blood has stained various areas of her skin and clothing as her hair is disheveled and
demolished from the regal crown it once was.  Crimson tickles from the edge of her motionless
mouth while the dark goddess kneels to her victim.  On Ryoshu-Tokimi's face, a scorch remains
while the rest of her gown is sliced here and there.  The ribbon around her is cut slightly while
the armor around her is untouched by damage of any kind.  Her heavenly voice mixed with the
mortal Ryoshu's breathes soft words to the defeated princess.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  You truly are powerful...  Had you been focused, I may have needed to use the
	true power of the goddesses...  However, you have shown me what purpose to which I can set
	you...

{Her clawed hands reach beneath Ayeka and lift her into the Ryoan's arms.  The goddess smiles.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  You have even brought me the Keys to the Jurai Power...  You are more of a
	success than I had hoped...

{With this, the princess coughs and draws the eternal woman's attention once more to the soft,
regal speech of the Juraian.  The young woman's breath weakly pushes out one word, to the
possessed Ryoan's distaste.}

Ayeka:  Never...

{The five Keys burst forth a shining emerald light as they all vanish from Ayeka's body, leaving
her with a mild laugh and a weak grin.  Ryoshu-Tokimi's pleased expression falls into a mild
glare as she summons an obsidian aura about herself, to the pain of the princess.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Then, I shall hurry and send you to the fate I assigned you...!

{Ayeka is too weak to scream but uses what strength she has to not utter even a whimper to
satisfy the goddess as the black power not only tortures her but also enters into her,
strengthening the being within her.  Wide in surprise and pain, Ayeka's eyes shift to slate grey
while the battlesuit she wears seems to drip with oil as it changes from a rosy pink to a pitch
black.  Once the aura has transferred from Ryoshu-Tokimi to Ayeka, the dark goddess sets her down
gently, allowing her to amazingly walk under her own power.  The princess bows to the possessed
Ryoan properly before taking an attention stance before her.  The goddess nods to this new form,
Dark Ayeka.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  She is repressed, and you are empowered, my boy...  I trust you can settle
	matters with the next prophesied asssassin...

{Dark Ayeka nods and answers respectfully, the deep male component obvious now.}

Dark Ayeka:  Of course, my Lady.  The Bastard of Light and Dark will be dead shortly... provided
	I have a way to focus this girl's power like her predecessor.

{A smirk appears on Ryoshu-Tokimi's lips as she extends her hand to the possessed Juraian.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Of course... my son...

{A streak of light appears above the clawed hand and widens into a shield of pure white light.
With a thought, it shortens in length, changing its shape to mimic that of Ayeka's original
tiara.  The light dims and breaks into shards of sparks, leaving what looks like a grey Jurai
Key, a second tiara.  However, this tiara bears thorns and a bladed crest in the center, similar
in style to Kagato's sword in the goddess's hand but much more consumed by the corruptive force.
Dark Ayeka takes this tiara and places it gently against her forehead when the crest flashes a
bloody red in reaction to her power.  Ryoshu-Tokimi nods with the young woman before Dark Ayeka
levitates from the ground effortlessly and shoots away into the distance.  Her gaze then turns to
those high upon the skyscaper with a few satisfied, ominous words.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Stop her if you can... if you will allow yourselves...

{Angelbane glares back at her coldly, watching her carelessly turn away and walk into the
building in which she has taken residence.  J watches Dark Ayeka's form disappear in the
distance, both in disbelief at all he saw and in fear at the power she now wields, even after the
prolonged battle.  Pii turns away from Ryoshu-Tokimi's exit and storms towards the opposite edge
of building as his wings extend once more before he glances back at the others, waiting
impatiently to stop the force approaching the others.  Yosho closes his eyes as he turns towards
Pii and reveals the burden in his hands, the five Keys Ayeka sent away before her change.  Pii
sighs and nods when Angelbane walks to the others, shaking his head at Pii's idea.  Attention
falls on the eternal man while the smoke billows from the wreckage of the Twin Towers and the two
ships.}

End Scene 3

End Act 7

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dedication:

	Act 7 is also dedicated for those who lost their lives and loved ones on 9/11/01.  Like the
destruction of the Roswell saucer, part of the US's history was both made and lost on that day.
As Ryu-Oh is trapped in concrete and metal, so are many trapped in fear and apprehension at the
future.  Many are like Ayeka, rageful and prepared to take rash action to seek their revenge.
However, just like her, many can become consumed by that feeling and be destroyed by it.  It is
best to await the proper time to act, and in that moment, act decisively.

	Here, the towers are destroyed to mirror reality and to spur Ayeka to act, just as the US
was forced into action from the events of 9/11/01.  Yet, there were survivors from the two ships
crashed into the towers by Tokimi, like there were survivors from the real disaster.  As long as
a life is preserved, all is not lost.