Dark Energy Trilogy
By William Benjamin Grilliette (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

All material of or relating to *Tenchi Muyo!* are copyrighted by Pioneer LD and AIC.
All material of or relating to *Men in Black* are copyrighted by Marvel/Malibu Comics and
	Columbia/Tristar Pictures.
All material of or relating to "Evil Pii" or "Nerti Ro" is property of William Benjamin
	Grilliette.
All material of or relating to "Angelbane duSoleil", "Cassandra duSoleil", or "Katiara duSoleil"
	is property of Jeffrey Williams.
More information about cast, plot, and story is available at http://evilpii.dorm4.org/.

Part 2:  Tenchi Muyo!:  Reunion
By William Benjamin Grilliette  (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Act 3

Scene 1

{Music fills the halls of the great Jurai Palace as those of noble birth walk about the structure
alone or in groups discussing the varying matters of their rank.  In the central ball room,
nobles sit around tables eating and talking amongst themselves with the proper decorum while
other tables have been set up for buffet dining.  A few waiters wander from table to table
bringing food or taking orders.  All in attendance seem to be enjoying themselves while at one
table, Tenchi looks off into the distance longingly.  Dressed in his brown royal robes, he pays
little attention to the Reunion situation at all.  With him at this table are Ayeka, Sasami, and
Yosho.  Each of them is dressed in their best Juraian formal wear for this occasion.  Sasami
watches the festivities eagerly while Ayeka dantily eats her entree.  Yosho watches the
festivities with little interest similar to Tenchi.  Ayeka looks over to Tenchi and sees his
longing gaze.  She sets her utensils down and dabs her mouth with a napkin before she speaks.}

Ayeka:  Is there anything wrong, Tenchi?  You seem not to be enjoying yourself.

Tenchi:  {Sighs.}  I'm worried about Ryoko...  She left so suddenly, and she was so shaken.  That
	was just so odd for her.

Yosho:  It was hard for Ryoko to come back to Jurai.  She went through a lot when she was here.

Tenchi:  {Nods.}  I know, but she was here with us...

Yosho:  {Shakes his head.}  Yes, and that only made it worse.

{Tenchi gains a confused look when Sagami walks up to the table between Tenchi and Ayeka.  Sagami
wears a Jurai military uniform with a metal sword tied to his belt.}

Sagami:  {Clears his throat.}  Excuse me.  May I sit down with this nice company?

{The occupants of the table turn to Sagami leaving their serious conversation aside for this
bright new face.}

Tenchi:  Yeah sure, Sagami.  No problem.

Sagami:  {Bows.}  Thank you, Lord Tenchi.

Tenchi:  {Teardrops.}  You don't have to call me "Lord Tenchi".

{Sagami turns and takes a chair from a nearby table and seats himself between Tenchi and Ayeka.
Sasami turns to Sagami and greets him warmly.}

Sasami:  Hi, Sagami!  I knew you'd be by!

Sagami:  {Smiles.}  Of course, Sasami.  I would never think of not saying hi to my favorite
	cousin.

{Sasami blushes as Sagami turns to Yosho and nods his head.}

Sagami:  Lord Yosho.

{Yosho bows his head to Sagami also.  Sagami looks over to Ayeka who glances back at him.}

Sagami:  Hi, Ayeka.  I hope your flight here was uneventful.

Ayeka:  {Nods.}  Quite.  It was a very peaceful journey.

Sagami:  However, Ayeka...  {Concerned.}  Many of us here on Jurai heard that you had a serious
	accident on Earth.  Rumors even said that you were close to death.

{Ayeka's expression goes very solemn.  Sagami looks around the table and notes that Tenchi and
Sasami have become somber also.}

Sagami:  I guess I should not have asked...

Ayeka:  {Shakes her head.}  No, Sagami...  The rumors are true.  {Closes her eyes.}  My heart did
	stop on Earth.

Sagami:  Are you alright?

Ayeka:  {Nods.}  Yes, I am...

Sagami:  {Smiles.}  Good...

{Silence surrounds them until Ayeka opens her eyes and looks back to Sagami.}

Ayeka:  How is Uncle, Sagami?  You said he had been sickly as of late.

Sagami:  {Nods.}  Father has been ill, but he will pull through.  {Smiles.}  He has been asking
	to see you and Sasami.  The two of you have been away for a long time since you left the
	throne.

Ayeka:  {Looks down.}  I know...

Sasami:  What's Uncle got, Sagami?

Sagami:  He has a condition with his lungs.  In his youth with the Fleet, he was exposed to an
	airborne parasite that scarred his bronchial tissue.  He was forced to stay a technician
	until he rose to an officer.  The condition, however, has worsed with his age.

Ayeka:  What are they doing to help him?

Sagami:  Grafting of cloned lung tissue shows the most promise.  The procedure has been done, and
	Father is resting while his body heals.

Sasami:  {Smiles.}  We'll have to go visit!

Ayeka:  {Nods.}  Yes, we will.  When are visiting hours?

Sagami:  1300 to 2200 GST.  {Smiles.}  He and I would be pleased to have all of you visit.
	{Looks to Tenchi and Yosho.}  You two also if you want.

{Tenchi and Yosho nod in unison.}

Tenchi:  Of course we would.  We owe him a lot.  It'd be great to visit him.

{Sagami looks up from the table and smiles at whom he sees.}

Sagami:  R!  I did not think you would come.

{Everyone turns to see MiB agent R in his standard MiB uniform standing between Tenchi and
Yosho.}

R:  Well, I thought I might as well come since this is the biggest party on the planet right now.

{Yosho waves his hand between himself and Tenchi.}

Yosho:  Have a seat with us.  It's easier to talk when you're comfortable.

{R bows and takes a chair from a nearby table and sits between Tenchi and Yosho.}

R:  Thank you, Lord Yosho.  I'm honored.

Yosho:  {Smiles some.}  Looks like you've gotten used to Juraian life, R.

R:  {Nods.}  Yeah, it took some getting used to, but I think I can swing it pretty well.  It's a
	lot better than living at MiB headquarters, especially the food!

{Ayeka, Yosho, and Sagami laugh at this as Tenchi sighs quietly.  Sasami sits up and speaks to
R.}

Sasami:  Excuse me, Mr R.  Do you know where the emperor is?  It's been a while since we were all
	on Jurai.

R:  Okay, no problem, little princess.

{R points into the distance where a man with a great purple beard and royal stature walks with
the two Guardians float at his sides.}

R:  You see that guy over there with the two big log guardians?

Sasami:  {Nods.}  Uh huh...

R:  That's Emperor Azusa.  The Holy Council selected him from the royal lineage when Tenchi,
	Yosho, and your sister all denied the crown.

{With this, Ayeka gets fairly quiet.  R looks at her with confusion as does Tenchi while Yosho
and Sagami become solemn also.  Sasami looks over to Ayeka and then down ashamed.}

Tenchi:  {Concerned.}  Did we say something to offend you, Ayeka?

Ayeka:  {Shakes her head.}  No...  It is only that the name "Azusa" was also our father's name...

Sasami:  I'm so sorry, Ayeka...

Ayeka:  {Shakes her head.}  No, Sasami...  It is alright...

Sasami:  You're sure?

Ayeka:  {Nods.}  Yes, it is.  {Smiles some.}

Tenchi:  {In his mind.}  Was her father's name...?

{As the mood lightens again, a new yet familiar Juraian face walks up to the table.  Dressed in
the robes of a highly ranked noble, he walks up to the table between Tenchi and R.  Tenchi looks
over to him and sees his smiling face surrounded by long black hair with streaks of grey while
his tan eyes gaze with experience back to Tenchi.  The man extends his hand to Tenchi kindly.}

Man:  You are Tenchi Masaki, I've heard.  I'd like to shake the hand of the young man that has
	done so much for the Royal Family.

{Tenchi extends his hand and grips the man's hand in return with a teardrop.}

Tenchi:  It's nothing... Lord...

Man:  My name's Tensho.  I've heard of all of your deeds from Earth and Jurai.  I've even heard a
	rumor that you and your friends went back in time!  I was wondering if I could hear about
	all that.  I mean an old man has to have stories to tell after all.  {Smiles kindly.}

{Tenchi's hand loses its grip and is limp as Tensho releases it.  Tenchi pushes his chair away
from the table as he stands.}

Tenchi:  I'm sorry, kind sir, but I've got a few things to do right quick.

{Tenchi steps back and offers his chair to Tensho.}

Tenchi:  You can have my seat, Lord Tensho.

{Tensho and everyone else at the table except for Ayeka and Yosho look at Tenchi confused by this
move.}

Tensho:  Thank you, Lord Tenchi...

{Tenchi bows to the table and then walks through the crowd of people in the ball room.  Cut to
Ayeka's face whose eyes empathetically follow Tenchi out from the table.  Outside the Jurai
Palace, Tenchi leans against the great walls in thought.  He stares up at the stars as his mind
mulls over the details of his past.}

Tenchi:  {Mentally.}  Mom...

{Tenchi's mind flashes back to Achika holding the NVO-enhanced Tenchiken within subspace against
Kain.}

Tenchi:  Ryoko...

{He thinks back to the day her wore a traditional Ryoan battlesuit as the two of them and the two
Knights flew down to Jurai.  Tenchi's eyes look about the stars and then to the ground as his
minds flood with these images.}

Tenchi:  {Aloud.}  I don't really want to think about all that...

{Ayeka's voice enters behind him.}

Ayeka:  No one asked you to.

{Tenchi turns to see Ayeka walk through the lighted doorway and stand next to him.}

Tenchi:  Ayeka...?

{Ayeka looks off into the stars herself.}

Ayeka:  Tenchi...  I know probably better than anyone about how you do not want to relive those
	events...

{Tenchi nods and joins her in looking at the stars.}

Tenchi:  I... hesitate to ask, Ayeka...

Ayeka:  {Closes her eyes.}  It is alright, Tenchi.  I wanted to tell you anyway.

{Tenchi looks to Ayeka quietly as she opens her eyes to him full of emotion.}

Ayeka:  Our father died soon after Sasami was born.  I was about thirteen at the time.  He and I
	were very close before his death, and even his name evokes...  some tough emotions in me.

Tenchi:  Not unlike me and Mom...

Ayeka:  {Nods.}  Yes, though I had more time with Father than you did with Lady Achika...

Tenchi:  {Solemn.}  I'm sorry, Ayeka...

Ayeka:  {Shakes her head.}  No, Tenchi...  I wanted you know know this.

{Ayeka stops and takes a deep, cleansing breath as she tries to settle herself from her slight
edge.  Tenchi listens intently as she continues.}

Ayeka:  Do... do you remember the last time we two stood under the stars like this, Tenchi?

Tenchi:  {Quietly nods.}  Yes... right before you were taken by Kagato...

{Ayeka looks deep into Tenchi's eyes as she forces herself to continue.}

Ayeka:  Do you know what I was trying to say that night to you?

{Tenchi starts to show some blush as his eyes stray from Ayeka's.  Ayeka's expression becomes
more pleading when he seems to avoid the question.}

Ayeka:  Do you?

{Tenchi raises his hand to the back of his head and scratches somewhat.}

Tenchi:  Ayeka... I...

{Tenchi's eyes lock onto an incident in the distance as his expression becomes more serious.
Ayeka sees this and turns to look.}

Ayeka:  What is it, Tenchi?

{Ayeka's expression turns to surprise as she sees Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki both in ship form landing
on a distance landing pad.}

Ayeka:  Ryo-Ohki...  and Ken-Ohki...?

Tenchi:  {Determined.}  I've gotta check this out.

{Tenchi starts to leave when Ayeka catches his arm.  He looks back to her looking back with a
kind expression.}

Ayeka:  I will go with you.

{Tenchi nods to her, and the two of them hurry towards the two landing ships.  Once the two
arrive, they find the two Knights Azaka and Kamidake standing their with their staves in their
respective hands.  Tenchi and Ayeka try to catch their breath as Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki both
transform back into cabbit form and run to the four Juraians.  Azaka and Kamidake both turn to
Tenchi and Ayeka with some surprise in their expressions.}

Kamidake:  Lord Tenchi and Princess Ayeka?

Ayeka:  Where are Ryoko and Nagi?

Azaka:  They apparently were not in the two Ohki ships, my lady.

Tenchi:  This doesn't sound right.  {Looks to Ryo-Ohki.}  Ryo-Ohki wouldn't leave Ryoko unless
	something was wrong.

{Ryo-Ohki frantically nods and meows to the affirmative as Ken-Ohki does similar.}

Ayeka:  {Nods.}  Yes, and Ken-Ohki would not leave Nagi either.

{Tenchi kneels down to the cabbits.}

Kamidake:  It is unfortunate that neither Ryoko nor Washu are here.  They could translate the
	creature's thoughts telepathically so that we could understand them.

Azaka:  The Ohkis could take us to their masters.  Ryoans and their respective cabbits have the
	ability to track each other.

Ayeka:  Yes, but Washu is home.  Even Mihoshi and Kiyone are at the site of the new Galaxy Police
	headquarters.  There would be no way to contact her in a timely fashion.

Tenchi:  {Looks up to the Knights.}  I'll fly with them to where Ryoko was last and try to find
	out what happened from the people there.  Ryoko would not have gone to a lonely place the
	way she was before she left here.

Ayeka:  {Concerned.}  Is that wise?  You do not even know where Ryoko is or what danger she is
	in.

{Tenchi stands with definite determination in his voice.}

Tenchi:  That's exactly why I have to go after her, Ayeka.  I wouldn't leave you in danger
	either.  {Seriously.}  I'm also sure that she wouldn't either.

{Ayeka blinks in surprise at Tenchi's words as Azaka and Kamidake gain Tenchi's attention.}

Azaka:  Agreed.  The two of us will remain and help with the guard on the Royal Family in case
	this incident does not turn out to be isolated.

Kamidake:  {Nods.}  We will check in on Lord Yosho and Princess Sasami for you.

Ayeka:  {Quietly.}  Tenchi...

{Tenchi turns back to see Ayeka looking back with kindness in her eyes.}

Ayeka:  I will accompany you.

Tenchi:  Ayeka...

Ayeka:  {Shakes her head.}  I order it, Tenchi.  Please, let me go with you.

{Tenchi nods quietly as Ayeka places her hands over her heart and cringes some.  Tenchi reaches
for her when she shakes her head.}

Ayeka:  It is nothing...  Something in my heart just...  It just needs to go investigate this
	with you.

{Tenchi pulls his arms back and nods again to Ayeka.}

Tenchi:  Alright...

Kamidake:  {Worried.}  Are you sure, Princess?  You do not seem well...

Ayeka:  {Looks up to Kamidake.}  I am.

{Azaka puts his hand on Kamidake's shoulder with a knowing look in his eyes.  Kamidake yields as
Azaka turns back to Ayeka.}

Azaka:  We will do as you command, Princess.  Take care in your journey.  We will make the
	information known amongst your close friends back at the Palace.

Ayeka:  {Nods.}  Thank you.  {Bows.}

{Azaka and Kamidake hurry back towards the Palace as Ken-Ohki transforms back into ship form.  In
Ayeka's mind, she remembers the events on Manhattan Island months ago and starts to worry.}

Ayeka:  {Mentally.}  My heart...  something is wrong...

{She looks to Tenchi as the two of them are teleported with Ryo-Ohki onto Ken-Ohki's bridge.}

Ayeka:  I pray he is alright through this...

End Scene 1

Scene 2

{Double doors in a pitch black room open letting in a blindingly bright white light.  Liaens
walks in through this door producing a shadow in this light.  He looks within to see Pii and
Nerti both laying on medical tables, wearing their armors:  Pii's red and blue and Nerti's white
and red.  With Pii's visor up, their eyes both gaze blankly towards the ceiling in a hypnotic
trance harboring a subtle green glow in their eyes while Oniko stands between them wearing a
uniform similar to a Catholic priest.  He recites poetic verse as he bows his head and then
becomes silent.  Liaens glares over to a corner where Jezibel stands leaning back against a
wall.}

Liaens:  I see you've started the ceremony without me, witch!

Jezibel:  {Laughs.}  I did not have time to wait on your sloth, you withered old fool.

Liaens:  You should hold your tongue before I sever it from your mouth!  You've already lost the
	Ryoan girl, nor have you solidified your control on the RyoJurai halfbreed!

Jezibel:  {Smiles some.}  Nagi will not trouble us long.  Her fears are opening to me as we
	speak.  Soon, she will be just like the two you see before you.

{Oniko looks up and faces Liaens with a grave demeanor.}

Oniko:  Master Liaens, if you could seal the door...

{Liaens nods as he turns to the door and presses a key causing it to seal shut.  From the pitch
blackness, Oniko creates a red energy sword that adds some light and a red tint to the
surroundings as Liaens turns back to them.}

Liaens:  So, the power will go to both of them, not just the girl?

Oniko:  {Nods.}  Our Lady wishes to test the veracity of the Terran resistance factor for
	herself.  If successful, Tenchi Masaki will be no more of a problem to control than
	Kagato was.

Liaens:  Excellent.  {Glares again at Jezibel.}  Seems Oniko has his affairs in order while you
	still need to find a way to recapture that Ryoan runaway.

{Nerti's lips move and speak to Liaens with these words.}

Nerti:  Do not worry about the Ryoan girl...  She is not lost to us...

{Oniko closes his eyes as his sword blade flares from a katana shape into a broadsword.  The
increase in light reveils a woman wearing a red, black, and brown dress hidden by the darkness of
the shadows.  Liaens is taken aback.}

Liaens:  My Lady...!!

{Nerti's lips continue to speak.}

Nerti:  Everything is as it should be...  Jezibel and Oniko will train this girl with the
	abilities I give her...  Be sure to protect her and ready her for her destiny...

{The woman in the shadows raises her hands clad in clawed purple gloves, each directed at either
Pii or Nerti.  A ball of pure darkness appears in each hand and increases in size to about one
meter in diameter.  Each ball floats over to either Pii or Nerti and hovers centimeters above
their hearts.  The orbs melt down onto their bodies and slowly covers each of them, completely
and wholy, in obsidian.  Liaens looks on with a serious demeanor while Jezibel smiles in delight.
The dark woman stands behind Oniko silently as she grips her fists causing the obsidian jackets
over Pii and Nerti to spark into a lightning form that shocks both from all sides until the
energy has passed completely into them.  The expression on both of their faces remains
emotionless and unfeeling, even through what should have been brutally painful.  The dark woman
vanishes as Oniko's sword vanishes.  Oniko falls to the ground breathing difficultly when Jezibel
laughs.}

Jezibel:  Tired, Oniko?  I thought you were powerful enough to do these priestly duties.

{Oniko shoots a glare to Jezibel as he gets to his feet again.}

Oniko:  This is something that you will never be able to do, Jezibel, no matter whose favorite
	you are.

{Oniko vanishes from the room when Jezibel goes over to Nerti and leans over her entranced face.}

Jezibel:  You, my dear girl, have a lot ahead of you.  {Smiles evilly.}

{Liaens turns from Jezibel and heads toward the door.}

Liaens:  Jezibel, you'd best start planning how to regain your control on the Ryoan girl soon.
	She's a threat to this mission already.

{Jezibel does not even look up but only laughs as she retorts.}

Jezibel:  Who says I have lost my hold on her?

{Liaens stops for a moment at Jezibel's words and then continues to the door.  The door unseals
to find Seia standing just outside the room.  She steps aside allowing Liaens to continue out.
As the door begins to close, Seia's dark eyes glare at Nerti's form until the doors shut out all
light from the room.}

End Scene 2

Scene 3

{Ryoko lays in a disturbed sleep upon a canopy bed surrounded by a room decorated in Gothic
style.  Her unending turning and writhing ruffles the sheets while her sweat from her sorrowfully
contorted face soaks the pillow which her head lays on.  Finally, she takes a fetal position
muttering incoherently and quietly to herself.}

Ryoko:  Nagi...  Mother...  Sister...  Jezibel...

{As Ryoko repeats those words as well as other nonsense phrases.  Light steps are heard as the
young woman from Ryoko's mindscape steps forward with her chain mail clanking as she does.  She
stops at Ryoko's bedside and sits on the edge of the bed.  Ryoko rolls on her back and opens her
eyes to the ceiling.  The woman places her hand on Ryoko's forehead gently.}

Ryoko:  Where am I...?

{The woman replies to her in a motherly tone of pure concern and kindness.}

Woman:  You're on my husband's ship.  Don't worry.  That telepath can't reach you out here.  I'm
	sure of it.

Ryoko:  Where's Nagi...?

Woman:  I was only able to escape from the ship's vicinity with you.  There wasn't time to get
	anyone else.

{Ryoko starts to sit up when the woman holds her down.}

Ryoko:  I have to go back...

Woman:  Not in this condition you don't.

{Ryoko's face becomes a visual plea to the woman's eyes as tears start to roll down Ryoko's face.
Ryoko struggles against the woman's grip which is quite strong despite her small stature.}

Ryoko:  Jezibel promised to fix my family...  I want that...

Woman:  {Seriously.}  Those were lies to try and break your will, which she seems to have
	partially done.

{Ryoko continues to struggle while the woman's eyes glow a subtle green.  Zoom into Ryoko's eye
and cut to her mental plane.  The woman stands at a funeral with many grieving Ryoan people.
Ryoko herself stands closest to the casket while Nagi is far and distant shrouded in her cape and
veil.  The woman walks around the people frozen in Ryoko's memory and notices that the casket and
Nagi both have a slight green hue around them.  She walks up to Nagi and touches this aura.  Her
hand is instantly pulled back with a mild burn on her fingers.}

Woman:  This Jezibel is a much stronger telepath...

{The woman puts her hands over her heart and releases a green light that causes the auras around
Nagi and the casket to fade away somewhat, but not entirely.  Zoom back out through Ryoko's eye
to see the two sitting on the bed.  Ryoko stops struggling and holds her head with some
disorientation.  The woman's eyes lose their green glow as she looks back to Ryoko.}

Woman:  You should be feeling more yourself now.

Ryoko:  What's wrong with me?

Woman:  The woman Jezibel is a strong telepath who uses the fears of her victims to control them.
	In your case, she's manipulating your fear of loneliness to keep your mind her captive.

{Ryoko looks over to the woman with a little distrust.}

Ryoko:  And, who are you?

Woman:  I'm Cassandra duSoleil.  I'd like to help you if you want me to.

Ryoko:  Why should I trust you?

Cassandra:  {Scowls.}  Maybe because I saved your soul from Jezibel's control.  I just want to
	help you and everyone else still trapped back there.

{A man's voice enters the room from a distant doorway.}

Man:  There's more than just two more captives on that ship.

{Ryoko and Cassandra both turn to see a man with metal plate armor and a black cape flowing
behind him.  On his belt is seen the hilt of an energy sword.  His blue eyes gaze with knowledge
upon them both while his brown hair flows along with his cape.}

Man:  There's a familiar presence on that ship, a powerful one.

{Cassandra happily jumps up and runs to him throwing her arms around his waist and hugging him
tightly.  He embraces her gently with a smile on his face.}

Cassandra:  Oh, Angelbane!  Where've you been hiding yourself?

{Angelbane taps her on her forehead.}

Angelbane:  You know.

{Ryoko teardrops as the two kiss passionately.  Cassandra then looks back to Ryoko and blushes
bright red.}

Cassandra:  Oh!  I'm sorry if we embarrassed you.

Angelbane:  Yes, quite sorry.

Ryoko:  {Scowls.}  Sure you are...

Angelbane:  Don't worry.  We will go back and try again to save your two acquaintances, but first
	I want to have a look at the place from which you all were taken.  Maybe that will tell
	us why the three of you were taken.

Ryoko:  {Sighs.}  Fine.

Angelbane:  Alright, let's go, Cass.  Set course.

Cassandra:  Aye, aye!  My captain!

{Cassandra happily runs through the doorway behind Angelbane as he turns to follow her.  Ryoko
pulls her legs to her chest and stares into the shadows around the room.}

Ryoko:  Nagi...  Tenchi...

End Scene 3

End Act 3