Dark Energy Trilogy
By William Benjamin Grilliette (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

All material of or relating to *Tenchi Muyo!* are copyrighted by Pioneer LD and AIC.
All material of or relating to *Men in Black* are copyrighted by Marvel/Malibu Comics and
	Columbia/Tristar Pictures.
All material of or relating to "Evil Pii" or "Nerti Ro" is property of William Benjamin
	Grilliette.
All material of or relating to "Angelbane duSoleil", "Cassandra duSoleil", or "Katiara duSoleil"
	is property of Jeffrey Williams.
More information about cast, plot, and story is available at http://evilpii.dorm4.org/.

Part 1:  Tenchi Muyo! versus Men in Black
By William Benjamin Grilliette  (evilpii@juno.com)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Act 3

Scene 1

{People walk down a crowded Manhattan street.  However, there is a noticeable area where everyone
who passes has their attention attracted to two particular girls walking together.  Camera pans
in to find Ayeka and Washu dressed quite different from normal.  Ayeka is wearing hot pants and a
halter top with a spiked hairstyle and a long ponytail.  Most notable, her hair is now black.
She, of course, wears her tiara upon her forehead which is much more visible now.  Washu wears a
t-shirt and shorts with her hair in flowing locks that fall over her shoulders and behind her.
Ayeka blushes and tries to walk as demurely as she can.  Washu, however, pays no attention to the
crowd's stares and concentrates on looking through them.}

Ayeka:  {Quietly to Washu.}  Washu, why did we have to dress this way...?!

Washu:  Well, it's better than dressing like an alien princess and an alien scientist.  At least
	this way, we blend in with the rest of the people.

{Around Ayeka and Washu, no one is even close to their type of dress.  Most people are in loose
casual or general business attire.}

Ayeka:  {Teardrop.}  Yes, we certainly do blend in...  {Sighs.}  Now, where is this person you
	said could lead us to the Men in Black headquarters?

Washu:  {Seriously.}  According to the data I collected, he should be a few feet away from our
	location surrounded by a large amount of metal located outside these buildings and away
	from the road.  That would put it...  {Thinks.}

{Ayeka and Washu near a locksmith's shop.  The small stand has a tall, lanky man leaning over the
counter looking almost like a zombie of some kind along with a small pug type dog eyeing Ayeka
and Washu just the same as Ayeka eyes them.  Ayeka points to it in question.}

Ayeka:  At that locksmith's shop?

{Ayeka and Washu stop.  Washu looks up and nods.}

Washu:  Yeah, that'll work.

{Ayeka and Washu walk up to the stand.  Washu looks to the dog and starts to speak to it openly.}

Washu:  Alright, Frank.  Where's the MiB headquarters?

{The dog speaks back to her in English.  Ayeka is lost in the conversation.}

Frank:  {Denying.}  I don't know nothing, Hakubi!  I've got nothing to say to a Ryoan!

{Washu's lips continue to speak in Japanese, but her voice comes out in English to Ayeka's ears.}

Washu:  I know you're a resident alien to the Manhattan Island.  The only way you get resident
	alien status is from the MiB.  To get that identification, you go through the MiB
	headquarters.  Now, I just want to know where it is.

Frank:  Screw you, toots.  Why should I help some outta luck Ryoan anyway?

Washu:  Well, it could put you into good standing with the Jurai Empire to help a Juraian
	princess.  {Nods to Ayeka.}

{Ayeka blinks clueless to Washu's negotiations.  Frank is almost completely astonished by Ayeka's
identity.}

Frank:  What are you doing running around with a Juraian princess on Earth?!  Jurai's influence
	doesn't come out this far!  Besides, she ain't dressed like one!!

Washu:  {Smiles to herself.}  You'd be surprised, and that's a disguise just like that dog suit.
	Anyway, you going to give us the MiB's location or not?

{Frank sets his head on his paw as he ponders Washu's offer.  Ayeka comes over to Washu and taps
her on the shoulder.  Washu turns to Ayeka.}

Ayeka:  {In question.}  Washu, why can I not understand a word you have been saying?

{Washu's voice is understandible to Ayeka now.}

Washu:  I'm just getting him to tell us where the MiB headquarters is.  That's all.  {Smiles.}

Ayeka:  {Concerned.}  What are you barterring with, Washu?  After all, we do not have any of this
	country's currency.

Washu:  Oh, that's no problem.  I'm barterring with you.  {Turns back to Frank.}

Ayeka:  {Calmly.}  Oh, I see...  {Thinks and then gets a teardrop.}  With me?!  {Turns back to
	Washu and Frank.}

{Washu immediately puts her hand up stopping Ayeka's coming fury.  Frank looks up to Washu.
Ayeka once again does not understand the conversation.}

Frank:  I'll give you the info on two conditions.

Washu:  Okay, and they are?

Frank:  First, I want to know for sure she's a Juraian princess with my spectral analyzer.
	Second, I want her to thank me with something fitting a hero for a Juraian royal, like
	knighthood or something.

Washu:  {Smiles to herself.}  Oh, I think I can arrange that.  {Points to the nearest alley.}
	Go over there.  I'll send her in just a second.

Frank:  {Jumps down to the ground.}  Alright.

{Frank walks past Ayeka and Washu, through the Manhattan sidewalk crowd, and into the alley Washu
showed him.  Washu turns to Ayeka, and Ayeka understands Washu's speech.}

Washu:  Okay, Ayeka.  Here's what he wants.  He wants to see the Jurai Power.

Ayeka:  {Confused and alarmed.}  Washu, I cannot just flaunt my power to a dog!  Besides that,
	all these people would see that and know that I am not from Earth!

Washu:  {Smiles.}  That's why I arranged it to go on in that alley over there.  No one will
	notice a release of Jurai Power in an secluded alley.  As to flaunting your power, this
	is just a one time thing to get us home.

Ayeka:  Still, why would a dog want me to unleash the Jurai Power on him?

Washu:  {Shrugs her shoulders.}  A masochist maybe?

Ayeka:  {Teardrop.}  I certainly hope not...!!

Washu:  {Folds her arms.}  Well, if you want to get home, you let him feel your royal power,
	Ayeka.

Ayeka:  {Sighs.}  Alright, but I will make sure not to seriously hurt him...

{Washu just smiles to herself.  Cut to Frank waiting patiently with folded paws in the alley for
Ayeka.  Ayeka walks into the alley still in her disguise.  Now, Ayeka still does not understand
Frank's words.}

Frank:  Ah, the Juraian princess.  Hang on a sec while I get my spectral analyzer.

{Frank pulls open skin flaps on his dog disguise that are like pockets.  Ayeka closes her eyes
and sighs while she summons her small, wooden cylinders around Frank.  Frank looks up to see all
these and goes wide-eyed with a severe case of sweat.  Outside the alley, Washu leans against a
building eating a hot dog.  She holds out a hand and creates her laptop.  She quickly and single-
handedly types in commands that create a false image of the alley next to her as Ayeka begins to
create her cylinders.  The laptop vanishes before anyone notices.  From a camera angle in the
sky, a bright green light is seen from the alley followed by an explosion.  Back on the ground,
Washu's illusion fades allowing smoke to gently billow along the ground as Ayeka walks out.}

Washu:  Well?

Ayeka:  He dropped this.  {Hands Washu a singed piece of paper with English writing.}

Washu:  Ah, I see.  {Reads the piece of paper.}  The Triborough Bridge and Tunnel Authority
	building in Battery Park?  That shouldn't be hard to find.

Ayeka:  {Turns back towards the alley.}  Will he be alright, Washu?

{Washu also turns slightly to see Frank upsidedown and scorched surrounded by burn marks on the
walls.}

Washu:  {Nods.}  Yeah, he should be.

Ayeka:  {Looks down to Washu.}  Where did you learn English, Washu?

Washu:  {Smiles.}  I didn't have to.  I know the written language, but I invented a little device
	that translates vocal speech and modulates your voice to that language.

Ayeka:  {Surprised.}  You did?  Why did you not give me one of these devices?

Washu:  {Laughs to herself.}  I sorta... forgot.  {Smiles.}

Ayeka:  {Glares at Washu.}  Did I have to hurt the dog either?

Washu:  {Shakes her head.}  Oh no.  He just wanted to be sure you were a Juraian princess.  I
	thought the easiest way would be to just show him your royalty.

{Ayeka sighs and shakes her head while Washu giggles madly to herself.  The two start walking
down the sidewalk again.  Moments later, J and L arrive in the MiB car.  The two exit the vehicle
and look at the smoking alley.}

L:  Looks like something's happened there...

J:  {Nods.}  Yeah, and I think Frank had something to do with it.

{J and L proceed into the alley and find Frank starting to regain consciousness.  J kneels down
to Frank.}

J:  What happened to you, Frank?  Trying to be tough?

Frank:  {Holding his head with his paws.}  Ah...  Two women tricked me, a Juraian and a Ryoan!

L:  So, the two we're after did this?

J:  Looks like.  {To Frank.}  Where are they, Frank?

Frank:  {Sits looking up to J.}  They're heading to MiB headquarters.  I don't know why, but
	they're going there.

L:  {Looks to J.}  Looks like this is going to be easier than we thought.  {Smiles slightly.}

J:  {Nods.}  Yeah, let's go get 'em before they get to Zed and try to pull something like this.

{J and L turn to their car and start to leave.  Frank yells back at them.}

Frank:  Hey!  What about me?!

{Iris out on Frank.}

End Scene 1

Scene 2

{Ryoko lays on the bed in her cell.  Her tired eyes gaze at the ceiling.  The corners of those
golden eyes glisten with saline.  Her arms are folded over her chest as if she was cold.}

Ryoko:  {Quietly.}  Tenchi...  I hate the silence...  I hate the loneliness...  {Closes her
	eyes.}  It always brings back the worst memories...  I always had Ryo-Ohki since I was
	thirteen... but now I don't...  She's too weak to talk to me...

{A tear rolls down her face as her eyes open.}

Ryoko:  Tenchi...  I need you...!  I can't stay here...!!  {Covers her eyes with her hands.}

{Within Ryoko's mind, Ryo-Ohki's thoughts come to her as strong as normal.  Ryoko looks through
her fingers.  Her eyes are surprised for a moment as Ryo-Ohki mentally speaks to her.  Her
expression settles into a serious one.}

Ryoko:  If you're ready, then let's get the hell out of here...!!

{Ryoko levitates off the bed into a corner of the room and erects a shield around herself.
Nearby where Ryo-Ohki is held up by braces, all the MiB personnel has since left leaving her
alone.  Ryo-Ohki meows loudly and starts to rotate width-wise causing the braces supporting her
to break.  The crystaline ship breaks free and floats by herself continuing to rotate until she
aims her primary gun to a nearby wall.  Ryoko's voice is heard in Ryo-Ohki's mind.}

Ryoko:  Go ahead and blast the walls...!  Your weapon should break this field around the room...!

{Ryo-Ohki meows in question and concern.}

Ryoko:  {Insistent.}  I'll be fine...!  Now, fire...!!

{Ryo-Ohki's main weapon summons red energy and unleashes a beam of light that demolishes wall
after wall including two parallel walls in Ryoko's cell.  The field lining the walls of the cell
shatters and fades away.  Fragments of the walls impact Ryoko's field and bounce along the
ground.  Red lights ignite and shine intermittently on the scene as alarms start to blare.  Ryo-
Ohki transforms into her cabbit form and runs to the edge of Ryoko's field.  Ryoko lowers her
field and allows Ryo-Ohki to hop onto her shoulder.  Ryoko rubs Ryo-Ohki's fur lovingly while
Ryo-Ohki purs back.}

Ryoko:  {Relieved.}  Thanks, Ryo-Ohki.  I think we should get out of here, don't you?

{Ryo-Ohki nods.  Ryoko levitates off the ground and exits through the one of the holes Ryo-Ohki
made.  The two quickly fly through the hallways of MiB HQ searching for a way out until they are 
stopped by a squad of MiB personnel.  Ryoko stops and floats before them.  Each agent holds a
standard sidearm along with a noisy cricket in a holster as backup.}

Agent:  {Commanding.}  Hands up!

{Ryoko does not understand the Agent's command.  She scowls and proceeds to face her palm to the
ceiling between them.  The agents all grin and slightly lower their weapons thinking she has
surrendered.  She then summons red power as the agents are surprised and try to take aim again.
She releases the energy pulse which rips through the ceiling.  The agents back away from the
falling debris surprised and amazed at her power.  The debris blocks off the MiB in their
corridor.  Ryo-Ohki looks up and meows as the hole leads up a long distance.  Ryoko looks up and
sees the lights and rafters of a motorpool.}

Ryoko:  {Smiles.}  That's what we need!  Speed!

{Ryoko flies up the newly fashioned tunnel passing different MiB sections on her way up.  Each
agent she passes looks at her in stupefaction as she rockets into the motorpool.  Below her are
various vans and cars all colored black.  Some of the cars are in their transformed state with
pieces missing here and there from needed repairs and maintenance.  Ryoko floats down to the
shiniest of the cars and looks to Ryo-Ohki.}

Ryoko:  I guess this one'll have to do, huh?  {Smiles.}

{Ryo-Ohki nods and meows as Ryoko opens the door and slides into the driver's seat.  Ryoko starts
the engine and puts the car into gear as a few agents run in from a side door.  She slams on the
brakes and holds her hand out towards the agents.  She does not have to speak a word since the
agents instantly stop in their tracks and back up slowly.}

Ryoko:  {Smiles to herself.}  I'll give them this.  They learn fast.

{Ryoko roars the car's engine and rams through the motorpool's sliding door leading right onto a
Manhattan road which she speeds down at about 150 km/h.  Lights shine next to the remains of the
sliding door, and a second MiB car speeds out in pursuit of Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki.  Behind the wheel
is J with L at his side.  Their radio crackles with Zed's voice.}

Zed:  J, that car's carrying Ryoko and her ship Ryo-Ohki.  Don't let them get away!

L:  {Scratches her head.}  How can her spaceship fit in the car...?

J:  {Shrugs his shoulders.}  How could that bug fit into Edgar?

{Both sigh and continue after Ryoko.  In Ryoko's car, Ryoko looks in the rear view mirror and
sees J's car a distance behind her.}

Ryoko:  {Shakes her head.}  Uhoh...  {Looks forward.}  They probably aren't very happy.

{Ahead of the cars, Ryoko sights Ayeka and Washu walking towards MiB HQ, both still in their
disguises.  Ryoko pulls into an alley before Ayeka and Washu.  Ryo-Ohki hops over the seats and
opens the door for the two girls.  Ayeka and Washu sight Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki in the car.  Ayeka is
surprised to see them while Washu smirks.}

Ayeka:  Ryoko?  Is that really you?

Ryoko:  {Impatient.}  Yeah, it's me!  Now, get in so we can leave!  I've got an MiB car after me!
	{Looks at Ayeka's scantily clad self with a teardrop.}  Uh...  Ayeka...?

Ayeka:  {Blushes and yells.}  Never mind my clothes, Ryoko!  Just get us out of here!

Ryoko:  {Laughs to herself.}  Yeah, whatever...  {Under her breath.}  you slut...

Ayeka:  {Growls.}  How dare you!

{Ayeka and Washu quickly pile into the stolen car as J's car passes them and slams on its brakes.
The car starts to back up as Ryoko's car flies out of the alley backwards and into the wrong lane
of traffic.  Ryoko jams the car into forward and burns rubber down the road.  J watches Ryoko
go.}

J:  {Aghast.}  Hot damn!  She's nuts!!

{J floors the gas pedal and follows her on the right side of the road.  L looks ahead and notices
that they are not catching up to Ryoko's car.}

L:  We're not gaining on them in this aged car, J.  We're only matching their speed.

{J reaches down to the infamous little red button on the fake gearshift between the seats.}

J:  {Glares at Ryoko's car.}  Not for long.

{J presses the button, and the car starts its transformation.  L looks around and teardrops.  She
tightens her seatbelt.  Suddenly, the car jerks forward with rocket propulsion as L yells in
surprise and fear.  J has some difficulty holding the car on course but does manage to catch up
to Ryoko's car and stay beside it.  Ryoko, however, is dodging cars as the two cars approach a
tunnel.  Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki are in the front seats while Ayeka and Washu are in the back.  Washu
has pulled out the car's owner's manual and is skimming it over while Ayeka looks out the window
and sees J's car.}

Ayeka:  {Worried.}  Ryoko, can't you lose him?  He's right next to us!

Ryoko:  {Frustrated.}  I'm trying, Ayeka!  {Turns sharply.}  Dammit!  Watch where I'm going!!

{Ayeka catches herself while Washu just casually slides along the seat.  Ayeka looks back at
Ryoko.}

Ayeka:  You can drive better than this, Ryoko, can't you?

Ryoko:  Yeah, if there weren't so many cars in the way!

Washu:  {Does not look up from the manual.}  This should fix that.

{Washu reaches forward and presses the little red button starting the car's transformation.
Ayeka looks around surprised.}

Washu:  You might want to sit down, Ayeka.

{The rocket engines ignite and throw Ayeka into the seat cushions hard.  She picks herself up as
the cars both enter the tunnel together.  Ryoko looks up to the tunnel's curved walls and smiles
to herself.  J looks over to Ryoko's car.}

J:  {Thinking.}  I bet she's totally lost behind the wheel of that car now!

{Suddenly, Ryoko's car swoops up onto the tunnel's ceiling and rides right above J's car.  J's
eyes angle up amazed.}

J:  Holy shit...!

{Ryoko's car accelerates and gets about two car-lengths ahead of J's car as the tunnel ends.
Ryoko's car falls down from the roof of the tunnel, turns over in the fall, and lands safely with
all four wheels on the ground.  The two cars exit Manhattan and now enter the suburbs and soon
the farming community.  Camera pans up over them to a sky view.  The screen gains a green tint
and then a target sight training Ryoko's car.  The sight then moves ahead of the two cars.  Cut
to Ryoko looking forward as a green energy blast plummets from the sky and impacts directly in
front of her.}

Ryoko:  {Surprised.}  Oh damn!!

{Ryoko swerves and lands in the newly formed crater sideways.  J now sees the crater and tries to
swerve.}

J:  {Surprised.}  Oh damn!!

{J's car lands on top of Ryoko's as a bug-type flying saucer floats down from the sky with a
weapon attached on the underside.  The weapon begins to charge as an energy pulse blasts through
Ryoko's driver side door and destroys the weapon causing an explosion that throws the craft to
the ground.  Ryoko slowly starts to climb out of the wreckage holding her head.  Ryo-Ohki hops
onto her shoulder as the rear driver side door opens allowing Ayeka and Washu to start climbing
out.  Below them, J and L open the doors to their car and climb out.  Once everyone has gotten
out of the cars and the crater.  They stand together rubbing their injuries.  Ryoko glares at J
and L while J glares back at them all.  Ayeka and Ryo-Ohki look at the two sides as does L.
Washu looks back to where the bug saucer crashed.  From the twisted metal of the craft, movement
stirs the pieces.  Scrap is thrown about as an ominous insectoid figure stands amongst the
wreckage.  The others turn to the figure and blink in disbelief.}

Ryoko:  A bug shouldn't have survived that...!

Ayeka:  What is that...?

J:  {Pulls his noisy cricket.}  Great!  Now, we've got a bug!

L:  {Sighs.}  Wonderful, as a huge roach wasn't enough.  Now we have a giant mantis.

{The insect figure walks forward from the wreckage to reveal itself to be a large, green praying
mantis.  Ryoko and J both take aim at the creature as Washu dashes to the side and opens the
gateway to her lab.  She motions for Ayeka and L to come with her.  Ryoko throws an energy pulse
at the creature while J fires his cricket, knocking him back a few feet, but landing on his feet
this time.  The two shots impact a shield about the creature which just snarls at the two and
continues to approach.  Ryoko and J both start to back away slowly as the creature's exoskeleton
starts to rotate colors to a red and black combination resembling Ryoko's battlesuit.  Ryoko
blinks and recognizes the configuration.  A whistle cuts the air.  Ryoko and J both turn to see
Washu next to an open dimensional door made like a Japanese doorway.  Ryoko and J both glance
back to the mantis and then hurry into the door leaving Washu to swing inside and slam it shut.
The mantis calmly walks over to where the door was and set his antennae to the ground for a
moment.  He then raises his head and moves his mandibles into a sadistic and grotesque smile.}

Mantis:  A Juraian... two Ryoans...  two Terrrans...  one cabbit...  Easy enough.  Mother will be
	pleased, and Sister will be out of luck.

{The red and black bug turns to the two stacked cars.  He raises a clawed hand to the two
vehicles and summons red power identical to Ryoko's and releases a beam of energy that totally
demolishes both cars.  Fade to black.}

End Scene 2

End Act 3