Dark Energy Trilogy
By William Benjamin Grilliette (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

All material of or relating to *Tenchi Muyo!* are copyrighted by Pioneer LD and AIC.
All material of or relating to *Men in Black* are copyrighted by Marvel/Malibu Comics and
	Columbia/Tristar Pictures.
All material of or relating to "Evil Pii" or "Nerti Ro" is property of William Benjamin
	Grilliette.
All material of or relating to "Angelbane duSoleil", "Cassandra duSoleil", or "Katiara duSoleil"
	is property of Jeffrey Williams.
More information about cast, plot, and story is available at http://evilpii.dorm4.org/.

Part 1:  Tenchi Muyo! versus Men in Black
By William Benjamin Grilliette  (evilpii@juno.com)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Act 5

Scene 1

{Alarms sound as a gate pull up.  MiB personnel look up to see Yagami falling out of the sky
towards them.  All scatter into the many doors through the docking bay.  One of Yagami's engines
is badly damaged as it impacts the docking bay floor and skids across it causing sparks to fly
about.  It slows its movement until it crashes into the dock itself.  Personnel then flood around
the ship finding the airlocks.  Cut to a scene of an airlock being opened.  Tenchi steps out with
cuts and bruises holding an unconscious Ayeka in his arms.  The MiB call for a gurney as Ryoko
eases herself out of the ship.  She herself has taken some cuts from the crash.  Ryoko looks to
Tenchi gently and kindly laying Ayeka onto a gurney when voiceovers start.}

Tenchi:  {Worried.}  Will Ayeka be alright?

L:  {Unsure.}  I don't know, Tenchi.

{Cut to medlab room where Ayeka lays on the center bed.  L hovers over her with a clipboard in
her hand and a worried look on her face.  Tenchi sits to the side holding a sobbing Sasami.
Washu stands at Ayeka's feet looking Ayeka over.  She looks at Ayeka's shoe and notes some of
Illirg's blood.  She quickly takes out a small vial and collects some of the ooze.}

L:  I have no idea what's attacking her system.  As far as I can see, the energy from Illirg's
	attack discharged into her body and is causing this coma and severe damage to her body.

{Ryoko cracks the door to the room a bit and peaks in.  Her face is as sad as the others,
especially when her eyes pass over Tenchi's worried face.  She quietly shuts the door and walks
away.  Follow Ryoko as she walks through the corridors of MiB HQ.}

Kiyone:  Washu, have you figured out why Illirg could use Ryoko's powers?

Washu:  I believe so.

{Cut to Washu's lab.  Washu sits before her computers and devices.  A screen pops up with a DNA
chain.  The chain is stripped apart and analyzed to its component chemicals.  Washu looks on.}

Washu:  Illirg's DNA is most definitely engineered, and I have a feeling that I know by whom.

{Suddenly, a chemical is drawn out from the normal G, A, T, or C, and its molecular structure is
shown before Washu.  She nods.}

Washu:  My analysis found some residue of a chemical used in the combining of DNA.  This chemical
	is very rare in this galaxy and only manufactured by one planet.

Kiyone:  Pentinon...?  I remember there being an incident there about two years ago at their
	Science Academy branch.

{Cut to Kiyone sitting before her damaged cockpit on Yagami.  She types a few keys and brings
down a cracked monitor which fritzes to life with foreign text scrolling.  Kiyone continues to
type.}

Washu:  Yes.  Given this analysis and Illirg's own words, this only means that the missing
	Science Academy student from Pentinon is the one behind this.

{The monitor brings up a picture of a beautiful blonde girl with grey eyes.  Her hair is arranged
in a waist-length ponytail with two smaller tails of hair falling over either ear.  Kiyone reads
the text next to the portrait.}

Kiyone:  Nerti Ro...  She disappeared from Carica, Pentinon on July 10, 1995.  According to
	sources, her final project for her major went completely awry and destroyed a good bit of
	the auditorium as well as knocking her into a dimensional gateway.

Washu:  Yes, her entry in the final project competition was an android replica of herself called
	"Mecha-Nerti".

{A picture of a robot identical to Nerti's form is shown: her skin silver, her hair gold, and her
armor bronze.  Mecha-Nerti (M.Nerti) scowls.  Cut to M.Nerti standing on the Science Academy (SA)
flagpole looking down upon the campus with an evil look.}

Kiyone:  According to Pentinon's records, Mecha-Nerti was responsible for not only the
	disappearance of Nerti Ro, but also the brutal attack on a Science Academy professor,
	damage to the auditorium, destruction of another student's project, and injury to
	several, including...  {Surprised.}  a Terran boy?!

{Cut back to Washu's lab where she brings up the image of a young, ordinary Terran boy with short
brown hair and brown eyes.}

Washu:  That's right.  Pentinon somehow had a Terran boy on their world, Edward William Pii.

Kiyone:  The Carica city archives say that he was the victim of a dimensional experiment that got
	out of hand.  That would explain it.

Washu:  Either way, the Science Academy records also have here that he is the one blamed for the
	robot losing control.  {Scoffs.}  I'm so surprised that Pentinon still is prejudiced
	against less developed worlds.

Kiyone:  Yeah, a few worlds are like that, but I've checked the GP records for that region and he
	was never formally charged with anything.

{Washu brings up an image of Pii and Nerti next to one another and reads scrolling text below
their pictures.}

Washu:  It's strange though.  The two were reported to be the best at the Academy.  They would
	have been the top in class if this incident hadn't happened.

Kiyone:  Well, this does explain what Illirg was talking about his "sister" Mecha-Nerti and his
	"mother" Nerti Ro.

{Washu closes the window and turns back to the DNA chain analysis which is shown before her.}

Washu:  Yeah, but his blood told us what we really needed to know.  His DNA was a combination of
	some very familiar names:  Ryoko,

{A picture of Ryoko appears before Washu.}

Washu:  Kagato,

{A picture of Kagato of Jurai opens next to Ryoko.}

Washu:  obviously the bug race, and...  {Worried.}  I'd never thought this possible in my wildest
	dreams, but... Kain...

{A picture of Kain opens next to the previous two.  Washu's mind starts racing when this image
opens.}

Kiyone:  {Amazed.}  How can that be, Washu?!  I personally blasted him with the dimensional
	cannon!  How could any bit of Kain still exist after that?!

Washu:  I don't know, Kiyone, but it explains Ayeka's condition.

{Cut back to the medical ward where Ayeka lays comfortably with Tenchi and Sasami nearby in
prayer and L switching her IV bags.}

Washu:  If you remember, Kain was totally composed of NVO energy.  Now, you remember Ryoko
	telling about what Operative A said?  "Kain thrives where there is no Jurai energy."

Kiyone:  So, Kain's NVO energy is the opposite of Jurai energy?

Washu:  Right, this dark energy could have been what was thrown at Ayeka.  If so, her life's
	hanging in the balance.  If her Jurai ancestry isn't strong, she'll die from the NVO
	energy in her body.

Kiyone:  But, she's a Jurai noble.  Her ancestry's as strong as it could be.

Washu:  You're right.  We'll just have to wait her out.

{Cut to Tenchi and Washu standing across from each other outside Ayeka's room.}

Tenchi:  {Amazed and worried.}  What do you mean "just have to wait her out"?!  Isn't there
	anything you can do, Washu?!

Washu:  {Shakes her head.}  No, Tenchi.  What's happening inside Ayeka's body is beyond our
	capabilities here with the MiB facilities or even my lab.

{Ryoko peaks around a corner and looks at Tenchi arguing with Washu.  Her love for Tenchi can be
seen as she looks on to his angry face.}

Tenchi:  Ayeka could die!  Is that what you're trying to say?!

Washu:  {Nods.}  Yes, that's what I'm saying.  There's nothing any of us can do, Tenchi.  Even
	if we tried something, it might destabilize whatever balance of Jurai and NVO is in her
	that's keeping her from dying now.

{Tenchi spins away from Washu and runs his hands through his hair.  Washu closes her eyes and
sighs.}

Tenchi:  I don't believe this...!!

Washu:  I'm sorry, Tenchi...  {Looks to Tenchi again.}  If there was something to be done, I'd
	do it, but I am sincere about this.  For me or L to try any procedure would kill Ayeka.

{Tears start to roll down Tenchi's face.  Ryoko sees the tears on Tenchi's face and is taken
aback.}

Ryoko:  {Quietly.}  Tenchi...!!

{Ryoko turns away away into another corridor and holds her hands together.  She looks to the
floor and closes her eyes tightly.  She fades away as a tear drops to the ground where she was
standing.  Tenchi's arms drop to his side.  His back stays turned to Washu as he speaks.}

Tenchi:  What about Sasami and me?  Couldn't we help somehow?  We're both Jurai.

Washu:  It might help, but if either of you aren't careful, you'll kill Ayeka from too much
	energy.  You might be the strongest Juraian royal, Tenchi, but Ayeka isn't.  She should
	be killed by your power.

Tenchi:  Does Sasami know?

Washu:  No.

Tenchi:  {Opens his eyes.}  Don't tell her.

Washu:  No problem.

{Tenchi opens the door to Ayeka's room and still does not face Washu.}

Tenchi:  I'll stay with Ayeka.

Washu:  I understand.

{Tenchi enters Ayeka's room, and the door shuts behind him.  Ayeka lays on her bed alone while
Tenchi takes a chair and sits down next to her.  He takes her hand gently in his as he looks at
her slow breathing adds motion to her hair.}

Tenchi:  I... I... I'm so sorry, Ayeka...  {Leans over and presses her hand against his
	forehead.}  I should have been with you...  Maybe then this wouldn't have happened...

{Tenchi eases her hand back to her side and looks to her closed eyes.}

End Scene 1

Scene 2

{A digital schematic of Illirg's physical form rotates on a screen showing all his joints and
mobility factors.  Pan away from the monitor to see Zed sitting at his desk in the briefing room
along with Washu, Kiyone, and J.  Zed spins around from the screen to Washu.}

Zed:  So, this creature has the power and strength of a bug along with the combined energies of a
	Ryoan pirate, the second most powerful Juraian of all time, and the most deadly criminal
	of all time?

Washu:  {Nods.}  That's about the size of it.

Zed:  Have you found any weakness in its design?

Washu:  Of course!  It's simple if you think about it.  Since Jurai and NVO energies are
	opposites, getting the creature to use both at one would cause it to destroy itself, just
	like in Ayeka's body.

Zed:  What are the chances of that happening?

Washu:  It depends on how well Nerti Ro trained this thing for its mission.  If she made sure it
	knew not to use Jurai and NVO together, it probably wouldn't.  However, we all did see it
	use Ryoan and NVO powers together which suggests that it has the potential to do so.
	We'd just have to enrage him enough to force him into it.

Zed:  {Looks to J.}  She right?

J:  {Nods.}  Yeah, when the thing really got pissed off, it threw the blast that broke Princess
	Ayeka's shield.  Illirg's face turned pale white which is how Washu and Kiyone both say
	Kain's face looked like.

Zed:  {To Kiyone.}  Detective Makibi, you agree with Dr. Hakubi here?

Kiyone:  Zed, I was there when Kain broke into 1970 Tokyo.  His face was a pale white mask, and
	Illirg's looked just like it.  There was no mistake.

Zed:  {To Washu.}  So, what's your plan to destroy it, Washu?  I'm sure you have one.

Washu:  {Smiles to herself.}  Naturally.  I've taken one of your docking bays and started
	construction on a mobile suit mech that I want these two {Indicates Kiyone and J.}  to
	pilot.  That will nullify Illirg's height and strength advantage.

Zed:  What about Illirg's shield?  No matter what you build, it's useless unless you get past
	that.

Washu:  {Seriously.}  That's the hard part.  You see...

{Flashback to the motel fight.  Ryoko teleports next to Ayeka as Illirg's blast changes
trajectory in midair and flies directly at them.  Ryoko and Ayeka scream as they create their
shields around themselves.  The two shield overlap and merge into one that the blast hits.}

Washu:  When Ryoko and Ayeka blocked Illirg's attack together, their shields merged into one.

{The impact causes an energy reaction that blinds Illirg and dissipates his shield.}

Washu:  The resultant shield was hit by the energy pulse causing a reaction that destroyed
	Illirg's shield.

{End flashback.  J turns to Washu.}

J:  I remember that!  Me and L wounded the thing right after that.

Washu:  {Nods.}  A combination of Juraian and Ryoan energy will fragment his shields enough for
	the mobile suit to attack without trouble.

Zed:  But, where do you plan on getting these energies, Washu?

Washu:  {Plainly.}  Ryoko and Ayeka.

{Kiyone and J both look at Washu incredulously.}

J:  What?!  Ryoko?!

Kiyone:  Ayeka...?!

Washu:  {Looks to Zed.}  Zed, you might be a MiB agent, but I know you can tell that if Ryoko
	doesn't help, we're all dead anyway.  I don't have the power she does.  I can't do what
	would be necessary here.  You'll have to deal with it.

{Zed is quiet.}

Kiyone:  {Looks at Washu.}  But, Washu, even if Ryoko helps, you can't get Ayeka.  She could die
	at any time now.  There's no possible way she could do what you're thinking?

Washu:  Tenchi then.  He's a stronger Juraian anyway.  I would prefer Ayeka to do this since it
	was she and Ryoko that did this the first time.

Kiyone:  {Quietly.}  But, it's not likely to happen...  {Sighs.}

Zed:  What is Princess Ayeka's condition?

Kiyone:  {Looks up to Zed.}  Touch and go...

Zed:  And her sister, young Sasami?

Washu:  Sasami's with Mihoshi in rec room 1.

Kiyone:  {Smiles some.}  If I know Mihoshi, Sasami's in good hands until Ayeka's better.

Zed:  Detective Makibi, I was wondering if you know the whereabouts of Officer Mitsuki Matsu.
	She was scheduled to arrive here hours ago.  Have you heard anything from her?

Kiyone:  {Sighs.}  Yes, actually.  She pulled a blaster on my friends with intent to kill.
	{Closes her eyes.}  My old classmate Mitsuki tried to murder my friends because of
	Operative A's hate-filled mistake.  {Reopens her eyes.}

Zed:  I see.  That is most unfortunate.

Kiyone:  {Quietly.}  Unfortunate isn't how I would describe it.  {Seriously.}  There was a time
	when she and I were like sisters.  I ask that you respect her as such.  Please...

Zed:  I'm sorry, Detective, but do you know where she might be now?

J:  We left Mitsy out there with the bug.

Zed:  Which could mean that Illirg could have taken her skin as a disguise.  J, have all
	personnel report any sightings of Mitsuki Matsu.  She might be the bug in disguise.

Kiyone:  {Steps forward.}  Zed, I'll deal with Mitsuki.  I'll start a search for her immediately
	and...

Zed:  No, Detective.  That won't be necessary.  She'll come to us.  Even if she's not Illirg, she
	will come back here since it's her job.

Kiyone:  I understand.

Zed:  {Seriously.}  Detective Makibi, don't let your old friendship with Mitsuki cloud your
	judgment.  She probably isn't the same person you were friends with.

Kiyone:  {Nods.}  I know, Zed...

Zed:  Now, let's move like we have a purpose!  I don't want that Illirg thing around for much
	longer!

{Washu, Kiyone, and J all start to leave.}

Zed:  A word, J.

{J turns back as Washu and Kiyone leave.}

Zed:  J, I want you to find Ryoko and keep an eye on her.  We might have to work with her, but I
	still don't trust her.

J:  I don't know, Zed.  She's been helping us so far.

Zed:  She's a pirate, kid.  She'll only help until it's not in her interest to help anymore.
	That's her nature.

J:  {Sighs.}  Fine, I'll babysit the pirate for you.

{J leaves Zed's office miffed.  After J leaves, Ryoko swings down from the rafters above the door
with a solemn look in her eyes.  She closes her eyes and vanishes.  She reappears standing atop
the Triborough Bridge and Tunnel Authority building looking out into the night.  She holds her
arms as though she was cold.  She looks out to the stars of the night sky longingly.}

Ryoko:  {Quietly.}  I'm still alone...  It's unbelieveable...  I always wanted to get Ayeka out
	from between Tenchi and me...  {Closes her eyes and looks down.}  just not this way...
	{Opens her eyes looking at the ground far below.}  Even though she's dying, Ayeka has
	Tenchi at her side...  {Looks up to the stars again.}  Just like before...

{Flashback to TM!TV#24.  Ryoko embraces Tenchi tearfully in one of Yagami's corridors.  Tenchi
kindly and gently removes her arms from around him.}

Tenchi:  But, I can't forsake Ayeka.  I can't do that.

{Tenchi passes Ryoko and continues past her.  Ryoko sobs alone and then spins around to him.}

Ryoko:  Tenchi!!

{One of Ryoko's tears falls from her eye to the ground.  Tenchi stops and turns back to her look
back with caring eyes.}

Ryoko:  Let me help you.  I know the way there.

{Fade back to Ryoko's pondering face high atop the Triborough building.}

Ryoko:  Even then, Tenchi would do anything to save Ayeka...  {Smiles to herself.}  and I would
	do anything to save him...  How ironic...  {Sighs.}  I wonder if he even knows how far
	I'd go to protect him...

{Ryoko looks to the sky again and sees a pattern of stars.  In her mind's eye, she sees Tenchi's
face in that pattern.}

Ryoko:  I really love stars...  {Closes her eyes.}  If I could only be with a boy from this
	one...

End Scene 2

Scene 3

{Alarms sound across MiB HQ.  J runs through a corridor dodging other agents as he dashes towards
the briefing room.  The door opens to the briefing room as J arrives and skids to a stop before
Zed.  Kiyone, Mihoshi, and R stand looking at the monitors while Zed turns his chair to see as
well.}

Zed:  Glad you could make it, J.

J:  Yeah, whatever.  What's all the noise about?

Zed:  {Points to a monitor.}  That.

{On the indicated monitor, a disheveled GP officer walking weakly to the front of the Triborough
building.  The image zooms on the officer's face.  Mihoshi gasps while J blinks in surprise.
Kiyone is silently focused on the officer, Mitsuki.}

Kiyone:  I'm going down there.

{Kiyone turns from the room and starts to leave when R grabs Kiyone's shoulder.}

R:  You insane?!  Going out there with her might be signing your death warrant, detective!

{Kiyone looks back over her shoulder to R.  Her gaze is solid and unwavering while her eyes are
full of concern.}

Kiyone:  Let go.  This is something I have to do.

{J finally catches his breath and removes R's hand from Kiyone's shoulder.}

J:  I'll go with her, R, and back off.

{Mihoshi starts to move toward Kiyone and J when Kiyone looks back to her kindly.}

Kiyone:  I'll be alright, Mihoshi.  Take care of Sasami, okay?  {Smiles gently.}

{Mihoshi stops and nods back to Kiyone with a worried look on her face.  J looks over to Kiyone.}

J:  You ready, Kiyo?

{Kiyone nods in her determination, and the two of them race out of the briefing room.  Zed turns
to R.}

Zed:  Tell Dr. Hakubi we have a situation up here.

Mihoshi:  {Looks to the monitor.}  Be careful, Kiyone...

{Fade from the image of Mitsuki on the monitor to where Mitsuki is actually walking to the
Triborough building.  Every few steps, she stumbles some and catches herself.  In addition to her
scars, she a few fresh cuts and bruises from the earlier battle.  Her eyes focus on the
Triborough building as she continues to walk.  Kiyone and J emerge from the front door and rush
out to Mitsuki and take her arms to help support her.  Mitsuki looks to Kiyone with appreciation
in her expression.}

Mitsuki:  Thanks, Kiyone...

Kiyone:  {Coldly.}  I'm sure.

J:  Do it, Kiyo.

{Mitsuki looks to J and then back to Kiyone.  Mitsuki starts to get nervous as Kiyone takes
Mitsuki's right glove off and holds that hand in her own.}

Mitsuki:  Kiyone...!  What're you doing...?

Kiyone:  {Quietly.}  I'm sorry, Mitsuki...

{J pulls out a butterfly knife, quickly flips it open, and tosses it to Kiyone.  Kiyone takes the
blade and suddenly swipes it across Mitsuki's exposed hand.  Mitsuki screams into the night.
Blood flows from the incision in Mitsuki's hand while Mitsuki's eyes are shocked as they look
into Kiyone's apologetic ones.}

Kiyone:  {Apologetically.}  We had to know, Mitsuki.  We had to know that you were you.  I'm
	sorry...

Mitsuki:  Some greeting from an old friend!  {Jerks her hand away from Kiyone and cradles it.}

{Kiyone faces the ground and closes her eyes quietly.  Mitsuki's glare slowly melts away as she
puts her hand on Kiyone's shoulder.  Kiyone looks back to Mitsuki.}

Mitsuki:  You did good, Kiyone, even for only being salutatorian.  {Smiles a little.}

J:  {Impatient.}  Look, Mitsy.  Let's get inside already.

{Kiyone eases Mitsuki up on her shoulder and starts for the Triborough building.}

J:  {Teardrop.}  Oh well.

{Another MiB agent is seen walking to them.  J looks at him and blinks confusedly.}

J:  Who's that guy...?

{The agent approaches Kiyone and Mitsuki.}

Agent:  Need some help, officers?

Kiyone:  {Shakes her head with a little smile.}  No, we'll be alright.

{J pulls his noisy cricket from his jacket and yells to Kiyone and Mitsuki.}

J:  Kiyo!!  Mitsy!!  Get down!!  {Aims for the new agent.}

{Kiyone turns to J with a confused look on her face when the new agent's eyes flash red.  A blast
flies from behind the agent to hit the agent in the back and fly him past J into the street.  J
runs to Kiyone with his aim still on the agent.  Kiyone and Mitsuki are lost in this seeing the
agent on the ground with a smoking burn across his back.}

J:  Kiyo, get Mitsy inside now.  That's Illirg!

Kiyone:  {Nods hurriedly.}  Right.

{Kiyone and Mitsuki start moving as fast as possible towards the Triborough building.  J fires
his cricket and is moved about two meters from the recoil as the blast travels to Illirg's human
form and impacts the body sending him five meters away flat on the ground.}

J:  {To himself.}  I don't know who knocked you down, but you're staying down!

{J fires again and hits only a shield around the body.}

J:  {Frustrated.}  The hell...?!  Not again!!

{The skin rips open as Illirg unfolds himself to his full height and looks down to J.  Kiyone and
Mitsuki reach the door and look back at J.}

Kiyone:  I can't leave him like this...  {Looks to Mitsuki.}  Get some help.  I'm going back.

{Mitsuki nods and puts her metal hand on Kiyone's shoulder.  Mitsuki pulls the door shut as
Kiyone pulls her GP blaster and whip.  Illirg opens his clawed hands and changes his body color
to purple and black patterns.  Kiyone reaches J's side when Illirg starts to summon Dark Jurai
energy to his claws with a sickening grin on his face.  J glances to Kiyone and quickly back to
Illirg.}

J:  I thought I told you to get inside, Kiyo.

Kiyone:  And leave you in this situation?  I'm not that kind of girl, J.

J:  Yeah, I'm figuring that out.  I guess we die together then, huh?

Illirg:  Yes, Agent J.  However, I will be lenient and kill you quickly so that Mother's
	conscience will be clear.

{Illirg prepares to attack when a barrage of red attacks impact his shield and blind him.  Kiyone
and J shield their eyes.  Illirg staggers backward as the attacks stop.  Ryoko lands between
Kiyone and J who look up and see her.}

Kiyone:  Ryoko?

Ryoko:  I sensed his presence.  Thought I'd be pest control tonight.

J:  We ain't exterminating him with what we have right now.

Ryoko:  {Scowls at Illirg.}  There's no way I'm letting this sick bastard get away.

{Ryoko forms her energy sword and flies at Illirg.  Illirg turns to Ryoko and changes his colors
to red and black forming his own energy sword.  Ryoko and Illirg meet blades and trade blows
until Illirg takes his other claw and whaps Ryoko into a nearby building.  Kiyone and J fire
their weapons which only ricochet off Illirg's shield and destroy segments of surrounding
buildings.  Illirg looks at them with an evil sneer.}

Illirg:  Don't humor me with your pitiful weapons.  You'll be destroyed once I finish Ryoko.

{Illirg turns to Ryoko and stalks his way to her slowly.  Ryoko shakes the pain out of her mind.}

Illirg:  What's it feel like, Ryoko?  Surely, you've tasted death before.  Is there a thrill in
	death?  You risk your life so much that you have to get some pleasure out of it.

{Ryoko starts to pulls herself from the wall when Illirg slams her back down with his claws.}

Illirg:  Your DNA is part of me.  That makes you my mother of sorts.  {Thinks.}  Maybe I should
	spare you then.

{Ryoko struggles against Illirg's hold as Illirg looks back to Ryoko with a scowl.}

Illirg:  Hell, matricide just sounds good right now!  {Raises his opposite clawed hand.}

{A blast rings out and impacts Illirg's shield.  He looks over and sees Tenchi standing at the
door to the Triborough building glaring back at him.  In Tenchi's right hand is the Tenchiken
with a blue blade glowing in the night.}

Tenchi:  Leave her alone.  I will not let you hurt her anymore.

{Illirg releases Ryoko allowing her to fall out of the wall and onto the ground.  He turns to
face Tenchi as Ryoko slowly gets to her knees and look over to Tenchi.  Ryoko's expression is a
tired one which turns to fear looking at Tenchi.}

Ryoko:  Tenchi!!  No!!  Get away!!

Tenchi:  {Shakes his head.}  No, Ryoko.  I'm not going to let him hurt you or Ayeka anymore.

Illirg:  Brave words from a little man, Masaki.  Your Jurai Power can't compare with my combined
	might.

Tenchi:  I'd rather be killed than let you hurt anyone again.

Illirg:  That can be arranged.

{Kiyone and J both take the chance and dash into an alley to regroup.}

J:  We're screwed.  You know that, Kiyo?

Kiyone:  Not if we can get Tenchi and Ryoko to attack Illirg together.

J:  What're the chances of that after Ryoko was slammed into a wall?

Kiyone:  Good, if I know Ryoko.

{Back on the street, Illirg forms a red energy blade and flies at Tenchi.  Tenchi holds his blade
and awaits Illirg's attack.  As Tenchi and Illirg clash blades and start to swordfight, Ryoko
forces herself to her feet and generates an energy sword.  Kiyone yells out to Ryoko.}

Kiyone:  Ryoko!

{Ryoko looks over to Kiyone.}

Kiyone:  A combination of Jurai and Ryoan power will break his shield for J and me to shoot him.

Ryoko:  Got it.

{Tenchi is knocked away by Illirg and stands with a couple cuts as Ryoko teleports beside him.
Tenchi glances to Ryoko's weakened form and then back to Illirg.}

Tenchi:  Ryoko...

Ryoko:  It's nothing, Tenchi.  {Seriously.}  We have to combine our powers like Ayeka and I did.
	You understand?

{Tenchi nods.  Tenchi and Ryoko interlock the fingers of their hands and point their joined hands
at Illirg who gasps.  Tenchi and Ryoko's interlocked hands start to glow an ominous purple as a
blast of white leaves their hands and impacts Illirg's shield.  The shield starts to slowly decay
and fall away.  Kiyone and J then roll out and fire their weapons injuring Illirg deeply.  J
fires his cricket at Illirg's right arm and blows the appendage off onto the ground.  Illirg
roars in pain, but also Ryoko's eyes start to droop from exhaustion.  Illirg teleports away, and
Tenchi and Ryoko stop their white light.  Ryoko's eyes close and starts to fall when Tenchi
catches her.  Kiyone and J run over to them.  Tenchi looks down to Ryoko in his arms with deep
concern.}

Tenchi:  Ryoko!  Ryoko!

{Ryoko opens her eyes tiredly to Tenchi with a small smile on her face.}

Ryoko:  We got him, Tenchi...

Tenchi:  {Worried.}  Yes, but Ryoko...!

Ryoko:  I'll be fine, Tenchi...  Don't worry...  {Closes her eyes.}  As long as you're alright...

{Ryoko passes out in Tenchi's arms as he looks at her quietly.}

Tenchi:  {Softly.}  Always the fighter, Ryoko...  {Smiles some at her.}

{Fade to black.}

End Scene 3

End Act 5