                       An Inevitable Outcome Feature

                           Written and Directed
                           by C. Richard Davies

                              TOGETHER AGAIN

                               1996 Chapter

                           Based on the works of
                     Naoko Takeuchi, Rumiko Takahashi,
                    Kosuke Fujishima, Matsumoto Izumi,
                             Masaki Kajishima,
                    and various interpretations therof.

                               Incorporating
                        original characters created
                           by C. Richard Davies

                   Dedicated to John Biles, Fred Herriot,
                              and Larry Mann.

                                 ACT THREE

Establishing Shot:  The still burning remnants of the Nerima train station,
late at night.  Our view pans across the rubble slowly, occasionally
catching a glimpse of fabric or flesh scattered by the explosion.  We
finally come to see AKANE, stunned, her dress in tatters, sitting on her
rump.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
		   In a way, it made no sense at all.
		   I had been through so much.  I had
		   been in battle before this.  I had
		   been *dead*, technically, once.  But
		   the sudden shock of watching the
		   the destruction of the train station
		   -- seeing so much sudden and
		   apparently *pointless* death -- it
		   shocked me to my core.  <beat>  And
		   even now, it still does.  Not as
		   much as what came after, but -- I'll
		   let that speak for itself.

                               KUNOU (O.S.)
		   Tendou Akane-san?

AKANE blinks.  KUNOU comes slowly up behind her, his clothes also slightly
torn up and the bouquet of flowers he was carrying scorched.

                                  KUNOU
         	   Tendou-san, are you injured?

KUNOU starts to lower a hand to her shoulder.  AKANE blinks again, and
twists away, suddenly producing her mallet and swinging it at KUNOU.

Something under the ruins of the train station *shifts*.

AKANE manages to stop the mallet just before it smacks into KUNOU's
impassive face.  She lets out a long shuddering breath.

                                  KUNOU
		   I am pleased to see that you are
		   well, Tendou-san, and indeed that
		   your firey spirit remains unquenched
		   by these --

                                  AKANE
		   Kunou, do yourself a favor:  Don't
		   make me regret holding back.

She pulls her mallet back and puts it away.

                                  AKANE
		   What happened?

                                  KUNOU
		   An explosion, originating within yon
		   train station, did pummel all about
		   with great tumult.  I fear that many
		   have not escaped grievous harm as a
		   result, as you and I have.

                                  AKANE
		   Oh God.  H-how long was I out?

                                  KUNOU
		   I cannot say with any degree of
		   certitude, Tendou-san, but I believe
		   that the incident ocurred perhaps
		   ten or twenty minutes ago.

                                  AKANE
		   <muttered> I don't remember anything
		   after the damn explosion and --
		   <beat; aloud> Wait a minute.  Twenty
		   minutes and there's no ambulance
		   here yet?  No police?  Something's
		   wrong here.

The voice, very reptillian, emanates from the rubble.

                             VIMOGORGE (O.S.)
		   How true, daughter of man.  How true
		   your words.

AKANE stares dumbfoundedly at the pile of rubble, while KUNOU stares
impassively.

                                  KUNOU
		   Alas, it is, as I feared, the work
		   of sorcerers.

                             VIMOGORGE (O.S.)
		   <laughter> How truly these children
		   speak!  How truly!

AKANE starts to come to her feet.

                                  AKANE
		   Kunou ... I think we should get out
		   of --

AKANE starts to put weight on her left ankle ... which doesn't seem to be
up to the task.

                                  AKANE
		   -- OW!

She collapses and looks down at her ankle -- and then, seeing the very
large, purple bruise covering it, really wishes that she hadn't.

                                  AKANE
		   <whisper> Oh, no.  Not again.

                             VIMOGORGE (O.S.)
		   Oh dear?  Can the daughter of man
		   not run?  This won't be any fun at
		   all if the prey can't run ...

The rubble begins to shift again ... something is starting to move.

                                  AKANE
		   <disbelieving> What ... what *are*
		   you ...

And then it breaks free.  The VIMOGORGE has a long, snake like body with
an enormous, lion-like head and four legs with talons on paw-like
hands.  Bat-like wing membranes are attached to the creature's first pair
of limbs.  Heavy plating on the tail end of the creature turns it into a
spike.  Slime covers it, dripping to the ground where it sizzles. 
Moustache-like tentacles come out of the snout of the beast.  Its eyes are
black, with tiny pinpricks of light, and they are fixed on AKANE.

                                VIMOGORGE
		   I AM *DEATH*.

AKANE stares up at it, genuinely terrified ... and KUNOU steps forward, a
strange light in his eye.

                                  KUNOU
		   <whispered> At last ... a worthy
		   opponent ...

He pulls forth his bokken, and begins to walk a slow and measured pace
towards the VIMOGORGE.  AKANE stares at him in complete shock.

                                  AKANE
		   KUNOU!  WHAT IN HELL ARE YOU DOING?

KUNOU looks back at her with a serene expression.

                                  KUNOU
		   <sincere> What I was born to do,
		   Tendou Akane-san.  Fear not, I shall
		   put an end to this rude beast 'ere
		   it should cause you any further
	 	   injury.

He turns to stare up into the eyes of the VIMOGORGE, which stares down at
him as a man might look down at a particularly interesting bug.

                                VIMOGORGE
		   WHAT IS THIS DOG MEAT THAT COMES
		   BEFORE ME?

                                  KUNOU
		   Who am I?  I am Kunou Tatewaki.
		   Graduate of Furinkan High School.
		   Undefeated Captain of the Kendo
		   Club.  <beat>  But my peers call me
		   -- the Blue Thunder of Nerima
		   District, Tokyo.  Age:  Twenty-Two!

And he attacks the VIMOGORGE.  AKANE watches, appalled.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
		   For the rest of my life, I know, I
		   will wonder.  Had he been training
		   so much over the last year that he
		   had finally begun to reach a level
	 	   of mastery that put him among the 
		   rest of the great martial artists of
 		   Nerima?  Or had I told Ranma a 
		   greater truth than I'd realized 
		   three years ago; that when Kunou 
		   fought a woman he viewed as capable, 
		   he was somewhat effective, when he 
		   fought a man he viewed as capable, 
		   he was very effective, and when he 
		   confronted a menace that he chose to
 		   regard as worthy of his respect ... 
		   that he always was one of the 
		   greats?  <beat>  I don't know.  I
		   never will.

KUNOU is moving very fast as he attacks the VIMOGORGE, and is able to get
in several blows before the creature even realizes what's happening.
(However, the sheer surprise of being attacked by such an apparently
insignificant threat may have a part of this.)  The hypersonic blows of
the katana bruise but don't seem to break the VIMOGORGE's skin, and it is
moving fast enough that KUNOU finds it difficult to strike more than once
in a temporarily weakened spot.  The VIMOGORGE lashes out with its
tentacles, and wraps several of them around his sword arm, dragging KUNOU
up towards its mouth.  KUNOU manages to swing himself such that he gets a
leg grip on the creature's neck, and resist the pull of the tentacles.  A
period of strain ensues ... and the tentacles give before KUNOU's shoulder 
does.  Ichor drips down from the stubs, and the VIMOGORGE lets out a howl
of pain.  KUNOU immediately dashes up the length of the beast's neck, and
slices his bokken into the base of the creature's throat.  Ichor erupts,
covering him, and KUNOU is blinded by the spray.  The VIMOGORGE twists and
rolls in a panicked effort to get rid of the irritant.  KUNOU drives his
blade into the wound -- and the VIMOGORGE slams its underbody into the
ground.

There is the sound of a wooden blade snapping.

The VIMOGORGE convulses further, twisting in evident agony, for several
minutes ... until it finally lets out a strange howl, and the pinpricks of
light in its eyes fade.

A moment later, it explodes in a burst of purple light.

AKANE is even more stunned than she was earlier.  She slowly, painfully
forces herself to her feet, and hobbles to where the VIMOGORGE had lain.
KUNOU is lying there, flat on the ground.  His face is bruised and covered
with ichor.  One of his eyes is swollen shut.  His legs bend in the wrong
direction.  His breath is slow and irregular.  Blood is running from his
mouth.

                                  AKANE
		   KUNOU!

She half-runs half-stumbles to where he is, and slowly, gently lifts his
head into her lap.

                                  KUNOU
		   <weak> Tendou Akane-san?

                                  AKANE
		   It's gone.  Whatever it was, it's
		   gone.

                                  KUNOU
		   <weak> Doubtless one of the servitor
		   demons of the sorceror Saotome come
		   to drag you back to your servitude.
		   <beat> But it is gone?

AKANE nods, unable to speak.

                                  KUNOU
		   <weak> Then my struggle was not in 
		   vain.  <beat>  I have but one regret
		   then ... that I was unable to free
		   osage-no-onna from his foul clutches
		   'ere I --

                               RANMA (O.S.)
	   	   But Kunou-sama, you did ...

AKANE slowly turns to look up with a horrified expression.  RANMA (female
form) is standing a few feet away, wearing a red Chinese dress and staring
down at KUNOU with a soft, loving expression as she walks slowly close to
them.

                                  KUNOU
		   <weak> My goddess in pigtails!  Can
		   it be true?  Are you indeed freed
		   from the bondage of the sorceror?

RANMA kneels down beside him, and brings her face close to his.

                                  RANMA
		   Could a woman whose heart was in
		   bondage give this to her liberator?

And she kisses him full on the lips, passionately.  After a moment, she
releases him.  He is smiling, peacefully.

                                  KUNOU
		   <murmured> A man, being chased by a
		   ferocious lion, came to the edge of
		   a ravine, over which hung a cherry
		   tree.  He climbed up onto the tree,
		   and moved out onto one of the
		   branches, in hope of leaping to the
		   other side of the ravine.  Suddenly,
		   he saw on the other side of the
		   ravine a lion, equally ferocious.
		   Then the branch began to crack.
		   <beat>  The man ... plucked a cherry 
		   from ... the tree and ... said ...
		   "How ... sweet ... this ... is ..."

And he dies.  RANMA gently reaches out to close his eyes.  AKANE stares at
her at her in shock.

                                  AKANE
		   Ranma, *why* --?

RANMA looks up at her.  Her lips move, but it is not her voice.

                              NINIANE (V.O.)
		   Was that her name?  Ranma?

AKANE is shocked.  The illusion around NINIANE begins to fade, revealing
her true features.

                                 NINIANE
		   I was able to discern her appearance
		   and voice from his memories, but he
		   did not know her name.

                                  AKANE
		   Wh-wh-who are you?

                                 NINIANE
		   My name is Niniane.  I mean you no
		   harm, Tendou Akane.  I have just now
		   come from your father's home, in

		   order to protect you on your journey
		   back there ... unfortunately, I could
		   not arrive before that creature made
		   itself known.  <beat>  Are you well
		   enough to travel?  I think that you
	 	   would wish to avoid the attention of
		   the authorities.

                                  AKANE
		   What ... but ... but Kunou ...

                                 NINIANE
		   He will be found by the police, and
		   there will be another unexplained
		   death in the Nerima district.  There
		   have been many already, one more
		   will not change matters.

AKANE looks as though she wants to protest, but the calm, unyielding
expression on NINIANE's face forestalls her.  She gently lowers KUNOU's
head out of her lap, and NINIANE helps her to her feet, supporting her.

                                  AKANE
		   Goodbye ... Kunou-sempai.

NINIANE leads AKANE away from the wreckage.  A gust of wind blows cherry
leaves across KUNOU's body.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
		   Meanwhile, back at my home ...

Cut to the dining room of the Tendou home, just as a bright light flashes
in through the window.  We see KENT look up, at first startled, then
chagrined.  He stands, walks to the sliding door, and slides it open.  He
looks up into the sky.

The bulk of the Helifortress fills up the sky above the Tendou dojo.  A
spotlight mounted under the body shines down.

KENT looks up with an annoyed expression.  RANMA, UKYOU, and RYOUGA join
him at the door.

                                  RYOUGA
		   What the *hell*?

                                   KENT
		   Some ... associates of mine.  <beat>
		   Sensei, would you mind very much if
		   an aerial battleship landed in your
		   yard?

SOUUN's head is resting on his left shoulder, his eyes vague.  KASUMI is
making sure he doesn't fall over and hurt himself.

                                   KENT
		   That's what I thought.

He waves for the ship to "come forward".

In the cockpit of the Helifortress, ANDREW watches KENT wave on a monitor.
He grins, and presses a pair of controls on the console while pressing
forward on the steering mechanism.

The Helifortress tips forward so that its body is at an angle of about 30
degrees from the ground.  Two pairs of landing gear start to descend from
the body, with the two that are further back from the front of the
battleship being longer.  When the skids have reached the ground, the
rotors of the ship slow and stop.  A portion of the hull, located roughly
at the center of the square formed by the four landing gear, rotates out
to be parallel to the ground, and starts to descend as a shaft towards the
pond in the backyard.  When it reaches the bottom, the shaft -- which is
an elevator, obviously -- opens its doors.  MCGOVERN steps out --

                                 MCGOVERN
		   Hey, Kent!  Great to see YAAAA--

-- and falls into the pond.  STENGOVITCH and RAVEN come to the edge of the
elevator and look down as MCGOVERN surfaces with a mortified expression on
his face.  RANMA seems nonplussed.

                                  RANMA
		   These friends of yours ... really
		   know how to make an entrance, don't
		   they?

                                   KENT
		   <shocked> McGovern?!

                                 MCGOVERN
		   Um ... hi.

Just then, NINIANE appears to hop over the wall of the dojo, carrying
AKANE in her arms.  RANMA's head twists in her direction, almost as though
it's involuntary.  He is clearly shocked at her condition.

                                  RANMA
		   Akane?!

AKANE looks up, weary.

                                  AKANE
		   Ranma?

RANMA dashes over to where NINIANE is walking with AKANE.  RYOUGA starts
to head after him, but stops a few seconds later with a morose look on his
face.  NINIANE gratefully hands her over, and RANMA and AKANE spend a few
moments staring at each other.

                                  RANMA
		   So ... what happened to you?

                                  AKANE
		   I ... I really don't want to talk
		   about it.

RANMA looks down at her leg, and sees the bruise.

                                  RANMA
		   Lemme guess, you tripped walking
		   here and --

                                  AKANE
		   Excuse me?  I am *not* that clumsy.

                                  RANMA
		   Then what happened?!

                                  AKANE
		   I don't wanna talk about it!  <beat>
		   And where you when I was at the ...
		   the train station, anyway?

                                  RANMA
		   Hey, all I knew was that you were
		   s'posed to be home this afternoon,
	 	   not this late in the evening!

                                  AKANE
		   And whose fault is that?

                                  RANMA
		   You didn't call!

                                  AKANE
		   You weren't *home* when I did!

                                  RANMA
		   Oh so now I'm supposed to sit around
		   waiting on phone calls from an
		   uncute tomboy like --

AKANE mallets him.  As a result, they both fall to the ground.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
		   It was our first meeting in months.
		   <beat> Of course it turned into a
		   fight.

                                  RYOUGA
		   <irate> How *dare* Ranma treat
		   Akane-san like that when she's
		   injured!

He starts heading towards them again, only to be slammed into the ground
with a spatula.

                                  UKYOU
		   <almost in tears> It's wonderful to
		   see them getting along that well ...
		   just wonderful.

KENT watches these antics from near the pond as he pulls a dripping
MCGOVERN out.

                                   KENT
		   <muttered> Children.  Children with
		   more power than some gods I've had
		   to deal with ...

NINIANE approaches him.
 
                                 NINIANE
		   And another one of them slew a
		   vimogorge earlier tonight.

                                   KENT
		   Vimogorge?!

NINIANE nods, soberly.

                                 NINIANE
		   He died in the accomplishment,
		   however.  I made sure that there
		   were no ... unfortunate side effects
		   from the deed.

NABIKI, who has approached them while looking up at the Helifortress with
a covetous expression.

                                  NABIKI
		   Excuse me?  Who died?

                                   KENT
		   <warning> Nin--

                                  NINIANE
		   <brusque> Some boy named Kunou
		   Tatewaki.  Why?

NABIKI is silent for a very long moment.

                                  NABIKI
		   <unmoved> Kunou-chan?  He's dead?

NINIANE nods.  NABIKI stares momentarily at KENT, who finds himself unable
to meet her gaze.

                                  NABIKI
		   <very controlled> Who exactly are
		   you people?  And what is going on?

Cut to a shot of the Tendou Dojo, with the Helifortress parked in the
yard, in early morning sunlight.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
		   My older sister wouldn't get an
		   answer to that question for a few
		   hours.  <beat>  I still wonder why 
		   none of the neighbors came by to ask
		   why there was a giant -- whatever
		   you want to call it -- in our yard.
		   Maybe they were just used to the
		   weirdness by that point.  <beat>
		   I finally got put to bed by my older
		   sister, and spent the rest of the
		   night trying to not have nightmares
		   about what had happened to Kunou.
		   I didn't get a chance to talk to
	 	   Ranma ... as usual.  But it seemed
		   that Ranma took Kent's advice about
		   keeping his friends -- in this case, 
		   Ryouga and Ukyou -- close, even
		   though I would probably have phrased
		   it as keeping his enemies closer.
		   As for Kent himself, he went up into
		   the vehicle and spent that night
		   consulting with his friends about
		   what to tell us and how much. He
		   came down, in the early hours of the
		   morning, to see just what had been
		   done at the site of the explosion.

Cut to the grim sight of many white sheets spread over the ground of the
shattered train station, covering the bodies and parts of bodies that have
been recovered.  KENT moves through them, his face emotionless, his eyes
completely hidden by his glasses.  Ambulance and rescue workers are still
trying to free some victims from the rubble.

We see a uniformed police officer leading KUNOU KODACHI towards one of the
sheets.  Her face is even more emotionless than KENT's.  Two other police
officers lift the sheet.  KODACHI looks down.  She blinks once.  She nods,
and turns and walks away.  KENT follows her with his eyes as she does.  He
starts to walk again.

He examines the wreckage of the station itself, and nods once.

                                URD (O.S.)
		   Pretty awful, isn't it?

KENT looks up to see URD and SKULD looking at him, still in their
trenchcoats and glasses.  KENT blinks.

                                   KENT
		   It is indeed.  <beat>  And you are?


                                  SKULD
		   Special agents Tana Skuldey and --

                                   URD
		   -- Urd Megami.  We're with the --

                                  SKULD
		   -- a special group of undercover
		   agents of justice.  Who are you?

KENT produces his badge.  The gold trim glistens in the early morning
sunlight.

                                   KENT
		   Kent Masefield.  Planetary Defense
		   Forces.  Commanding officer. <beat>
		   *Which* special group of undercover
		   agents of justice, young lady?
		   There are *so* many, as I'm sure
		   you're aware.

URD and SKULD look non-plussed.  URD opens her mouth for a moment, then
closes it and blinks in shock.

KENT's face has Divinity tattoos.  Or rather, he has black-scabbed wounds
on his face where a god would have them, in patterns that echo but are
subtly different from the tattoos on URD's, SKULD's, and BELLDANDY's
faces.

URD shakes her head.  KENT's face is normal, with no scabbing anywhere.
He is staring at her oddly.

                                   KENT
		   Is something wrong?

                                   URD
		   Um, no!  No, not at all.  Um, okay,
		   truth?  We're not agents from some
		   do-gooder organization.

SKULD stares up at her older sister in shock, while URD swiftly clamps a
hand over SKULD's mouth.

                                   KENT
		   <dry> Do tell?

                                   URD
		   Yep, me and my sweet lil' sister
		   here were just playing a little
		   practical joke on the Japanese, you
 		   see, we're tourists and we thought
		   it might be a good idea to pretend
		   to be secret agents and --

KENT holds up a hand.

                                   KENT
		   Look, word to the wise.  It's a bad
		   idea to pretend to be an agent of
		   any government, from a cop on the
		   beat up to the head of state.  It
		   can really get you in a lot of bad
		   trouble.  Just ... cut it out.

                                   URD
		   Right, sure, anything you say, come
		   on, Tana dear!

She wrestles SKULD away, SKULD protesting angrily under URD's hand.  KENT
shakes his head and returns to his examination of the ruins.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
		   Meanwhile, in Juuban ...

Cut to the living room of the Hikawa Jinja's "manse".  A loud snoring can
be heard.  RAYE comes into the living room, looking rather dishevelled in
her robes.  She homes in on the couch as the source of the snoring noise,
and looks over the back to see RYOUKO curled up there.  RAYE's face twists
in irritation, and she heads over to the door leading outside.

                                   RAYE
		   Bakemono ...

She exits.  RYOUKO's eyes don't open.

                                  RYOUKO
		   Twit ...

Cut to the deck just outside the house, where AYEKA is kneeling and 
enjoying the sunrise.  RAYE enters the scene from within the house, and 
notices AYEKA.

		                   RAYE
		   Oh, good morning, Ayeka-san.

                                  AYEKA
		   Good morning, Raye-san ...

                                   RAYE
		   Did you sleep well?

                                  AYEKA
		   Yes.  Thank you again for letting us 
		   stay here in the wake of our current
		   difficulties.

There is a long and uncomfortable pause.

                                   RAYE
		   It's different, now, isn't it?

AYEKA nods, sadly.  RAYE kneels down a foot or so away from her.

                                   RAYE
		   I ... where ... where did you come
		   from?  <beat>  I mean ... you *look*
		   just like a human.

                                  AYEKA
		   It is best never to put too much
		   stock in appearances.

                                   RAYE
		   True enough, but --

                                  AYEKA
		   I have no more idea as to why our
		   two peoples are so similar than you,
		   Raye-san.  Perhaps you are a lost
		   colony of ours.  It's happened
		   before.  <beat>  My world is located
		   ... um ...

She looks up at the early morning sky, and points at the approximate
location of the Pleiades.

                                  AYEKA
		   ... there.  Our world and our sun
		   are both named Jurai.  <beat>  I
		   have not seen either in roughly 
		   seven hundred of your years --

                                   RAYE
		   <shocked> SEVEN HUNDRED?

                                  AYEKA
		   <quick> I spent the vast majority of 
		   that interval in coldsleep.  We are
		   a long lived people, but I am still
		   a youth.  On my world, I would be
		   considered to be on the threshold of
		   adulthood.

                                   RAYE
		   Me too.  I turn eighteen in a few
		   weeks.

                                  AYEKA
		   I see.  <beat>  I came to this
		   world ... for a number of reasons
		   that don't really matter now.  Here
		   I found my love -- Tenchi -- scion
		   of a line of my people who had come
		   to this world many years earlier.

TENCHI, looking slightly bushed, appears in doorway, unnoticed by either of
them.  He hangs back, not wanting to eavesdrop, but unable to back away
either.

                                   RAYE
		   Then, he's the one you were telling
		   me about ... the one whose feelings
		   you aren't sure about?

                                  AYEKA
		   <nods> Yes.  At times he seems so
		   dedicated to me ... but sometimes I
		   honestly worry that he cares more
		   about that ... horrible woman than
		   he does about me!

TENCHI looks stricken, as though he'd rather be anywhere else.

                                   RAYE
		   "That horrible woman" meaning the
		   demoness currently sleeping in my
		   living room?

AYEKA nods vigorously.  TENCHI braces himself.

                                  AYEKA
		   <spits> Ryouko.  That ... bakemono
		   has caused me more pain and anguish
		   than anyone else in the universe.
		   She ravaged my world, broke up my
		   family, came close to killing my
		   little sister, and ... OOOH!  She
		   does so many things simply to annoy
		   and anger me!

TENCHI relaxes, with a disturbed expression on his face.

                                   RAYE
		   If he knows all this, why does he
		   let her hang around with him?

TENCHI opens his mouth to answer.

                                  AYEKA
		   <grudgingly> Because ... in spite of
		   herself, I believe, she has been
		   something of a comfort to Tenchi at
		   times.  And she did ... <VERY
		   grudgingly> aid in saving my life at
		   one point.  <beat> I'm convinced
		   that she did so only because she
		   knew that Tenchi would never forgive
		   her if I came to harm by her action
		   *or* inaction, but the fact remains
		   that she did act to protect me.  And
		   one of Tenchi-sama's best, noblest
		   qualities is that he is so loving
		   and generous ... that he extends an
		   open heart to everyone he knows.

TENCHI is blushing like crazy.

                                   RAYE
		   This all seems so fantastic ...

                                  AYEKA
		   More unbelievable than pretty sailor
		   suited soldiers of love and justice?

                                   RAYE
		   <smiling> You have a point.

                                  AYEKA
		   In truth, your life seems far more
		   incredible than mine.  And not just
		   to me either.  Sasami-chan was up
		   half the night talking about how
		   "totally cool" it would be to be a
		   magical girl like you Soldiers.

                                   RAYE
		   <smiles sadly> Well, it's fun once
	  	   in a while ... but it's an awful
		   burden, too.  Feeling like you're
		   the only line of defense between
		   darkness and light ... knowing that
		   you can be called to give up your
		   life for the cause ...

                                  AYEKA
		   And would you give it up?

                                   RAYE
		   Never.

                                  AYEKA
		   Tell me how it began.

RAYE looks up at the moon, still visible in the sky.

                                   RAYE
		   <soft> Thousands of years ago, our
		   moon was inhabited by a great
		   civilization ... the Moon Kingdom,
		   ruled over by the wise and kind
		   Queen Serenity.  <beat>  But the
		   evil Queen Beryl, envious of the
		   power of the Moon Kingdom, led an
		   army of monsters against it, killing
		   its defenders and the Queen's only
		   daughter, the Princess Serenity.
		   With her last strength, the Queen
		   banished Beryl and her army to the
		   dark Negaverse ... and sent all the
		   souls of those who had died in the
		   battle to Earth, to be reborn there.
		   <beat> We are the defenders of the
		   Moon Kingdom, reborn.  And our
		   Princess ... is Serena.

AYEKA's eyes bulge.

                                  AYEKA
		   Serena.  <beat>  The ... um, rather
		   enthusiastic young lady with the
		   unusual hair style?

                                   RAYE
		   <smiles wryly> It was something of a
		   shock to *me* at the time, too.
		   <beat> But after all, you shouldn't
		   put too much stock in appearances.

AYEKA blinks at that, and then sees the smile hovering around RAYE's lips.
She smiles herself, then, and they both have a hearty laugh.  TENCHI,
standing back, smiles too.

                                  AYEKA
		   So in your own way, you're an alien
		   too.

                                   RAYE
		   <sad smile> Kami knows I always felt
		   like one when I was growing up.
		   <beat> So ... since you weren't here
		   on a school trip like you said, why
		   did you come to Tokyo on your own?

                                  TENCHI
		   I'd like to know that myself, Ayeka-
		   san.

RAYE and AYEKA both whirl as the realize that TENCHI is standing behind
them, rather embarrassed.

                                  AYEKA
		   Oh!  Uh ... Tenchi-sama ... how long
		   have you been there?

                                  TENCHI
		   Not very long.

RAYE stands, still very embarrassed.

                                   RAYE
		   Well, I'll leave you two to discuss
		   ... things.  I wouldn't want to
		   listen in on private conversations,
		   that's unbelievably --

She realizes what she's saying, and flushes.  RAYE bows, and heads back
into the house.  TENCHI comes and kneels down where she was kneeling.
AYEKA gazes at him nervously.

                                  AYEKA
		   <anxious> Tenchi-sama, I --

                                  TENCHI
		   I'm not angry with you Ayeka. <beat>
		   Well, not much.  <beat>  *Why* did 
		   you trick Mihoshi like that?  You 
		   know that she's easily tricked, but
		   you still ...

                                  AYEKA
		   <weakly> It was the only way I could
		   think of to get to the Okayama train
		   station.

                                  TENCHI
		   So that you could come to Tokyo.
		   <beat> Why did you need to go to
		   Tokyo?

AYEKA lets out a long sigh, and produces the battered copy of the X-Files
tankoubon which she bought yesterday, and holds it out towards TENCHI.

                                  AYEKA
		   This is why.

He stares at it in confusion.

Cut to the breakfast table of the Tendou home.  On one side are lined up
(in this order) UKYOU, NABIKI, RANMA, AKANE, KASUMI, and RYOUGA.  On the
other side (in this order) are PATRICIA, ANDREW, MCGOVERN, NINIANE, and
KENT.  PATRICIA is wearing a grey jogging suit with a crest identical to
the symbol on KENT's badge -- a pyramid with an eye.

                                   KENT
		   Kasumi-san, won't your father be
		   joining us?

                                  KASUMI
		   No ... he has elected to not get out
		   of bed this morning.

                                  NABIKI
		   No great loss there.

                                  KASUMI
		   <sharp> Nabiki.

                                  NABIKI
		   Neechan, I don't care any more.  I
		   just want to know what the hell 
		   we've gotten into, and how I can get 
		   *out* of it.

                                   KENT
		   All right.  That's an understandable
		   reaction.  <beat>  The problem is
		   not explaining what's going on ... 
		   the problem is where to start.
		   <beat> It's possible that there has
		   always been an organization like
		   ours.  I know of at least one group
		   that was active during the war which 
		   did much the same sort of thing we 
		   do, and which has definite ties to 
		   us.  But our story, for all intents 
		   and purposes, begins on a certain 
		   specific day:

Cut to TENCHI and AYEKA.  TENCHI is reading aloud from the manga.

		                  TENCHI
		   June 21, 1947.  An American business
		   man named Kenneth Arnold is flying
		   in his private plane over Washington
		   state, and sees nine objects flying
		   at speeds of about 2000 to 3000
		   kilometers per hour.  When he
		   reports the sighting to the media,
		   they are immediately dubbed flying
		   saucers.  <beat>  According to UFO
		   scholars, less than two weeks later
		   the wreckage of one such flying
		   saucer was discovered in a farm near
		   Corona, New Mexico ... a town less
		   than nine miles from Roswell.  The
		   official report is that it was a
		   weather balloon.

Cut back to the Tendou home.

                                  ANDREW
		   It wasn't a weather balloon.  It
		   wasn't a flying saucer, either.  It
		   was something much worse. <beat> A
 		   flying classroom.

                                  RANMA
		   Huh?

                                  ANDREW
		   All the technology in that thing was
		   specifically designed by whoever
		   dropped it to be easily reverse
		   engineered by whoever got their
		   grubby lil' hands on it.  It was
		   probably damn near magic for people
		   whose concept of a user friendly 
		   computer was a cute girl trained in 
		   the use of a slide rule, but it's
		   not that far from where we are now;
		   probably about thirty to forty years
		   in advance of current technology.
		   It was intended as a cheap bribe to
		   whoever found it -- "See what we can 
		   give you?  Isn't it worth letting us
		   mess with a few of your species?"

Cut back to TENCHI and AYEKA.

                                  TENCHI
		   Also recovered from the crashed
		   spacecraft were a number of corpses
		   of apparently alien beings.  <beat>
		   Ayeka-san ... I really don't see
		   what the point of all this is.  Were
		   ... were these aliens Jurains?

                                  AYEKA
		   <firm> No.  Very much not.  Consider
		   the picture, Tenchi-sama ...

TENCHI looks down at the artist's conception drawing of the alien -- a
stereotypical "Gray" -- large head, small body, pasty skin, huge slitted
eyes.

                                  AYEKA
		   We know them as the Alephae.

Cut to the TENDOU home.

                                   KENT
		   Whoever they are, they don't seem to
		   have designs of "conquest" on us as
		   such.  At least, not yet.  And the
		   reports of them abducting humans and 
		   performing medical experiments on
		   them are by and large a screen for
		   their real aims.

Cut to AYEKA and TENCHI

                                  AYEKA
		   They are masters of psychological
		   warfare.  When they happen on a
		   species which they deem to be 
		   "worthy" of their attentions, they
		   begin efforts to determine the 
		   species' gravest mental or emotional
		   liability ... and the best way to
		   exploit it.

Cut to the TENDOU home.

                                 MCGOVERN
		   Their actions seem to be predicated
		   on a desire to convince humanity
		   that all extraterrestrial life is
		   utterly hostile towards our species.
		   They're trying to increase our level
		   of xenophobia, which was already 
		   high to begin with.

Cut to TENCHI and AYEKA.

                                  AYEKA
		   Often, when the Imperial Navy has
		   found and liberated worlds which
		   have been dominated by the Alephae,
		   the worlds have proven to be almost
		   psychotic in their paranoid fear of
		   alien contact -- and many have even
		   disintegrated so far that they view
		   other branches of their species --
		   different ethnic groups, different
		   philosophies or religions, or even
		   different *genders* -- as the aliens
		   to be feared and hated.

                                  TENCHI
		   Ayeka-san ... this is incredible.
		   But I don't see why you had to come
		   to Tokyo to learn more about it.

                                  AYEKA
		   Tenchi-sama, I have lived on this
		   world for just about a year.  <beat>
		   Yoshou-oniisama has lived here for
		   more than seven hundred.  <beat>
		   Even if the article is right, and
		   the Alephae have been here for only
		   forty-nine years ... *why* *hasn't*
		   *he* *done* *anything*?

Cut to the Tendou home.

                                   KENT
		   The problem with conducting these
		   sorts of terror tactics is that
		   someone will eventually find out,
		   and probably start taking steps to
		   fight back.  <beat>  Within a few
		   months after Arnold's sighting, an
		   agency had been created by the U.N.
		   to investigate what was going on.
		   <beat> By 1953 they knew they were
		   at war.  That's when their agency
		   changed into the Planetary Defense
		   Force.  <beat> That's us.

                                  RANMA
		   <half-joking> What happened to "I
		   could tell you but I'd have to kill
		   you"?

                                  ANDREW
		   Kent!  What have you been telling
		   these people?  <beat>  We don't kill
		   people who find out, we recruit 'em.
		   It just makes sense.

KENT gives ANDREW a very annoyed look, which the older man receives with
equanimity.

                                  AKANE
		   Excuse me ... how are the things 
		   that you fight connected to what
		   happened last night?  If that was an
		   alien, then --

                                   KENT
		   Not exactly, Akane-san.  While we
		   *began* fighting against the aliens,
		   since then we've discovered a host
		   of other entities that seem to have
		   been born entirely on Earth or ...
		   in other places.

                                 NINIANE
		   Other places which frequently cannot 
		   exist in the scientific world view.
		   What you and that young man faced
		   last night, Tendou Akane, was one
		   such.  The technical name for it is
		   vimogorge -- which means, power
		   eater, approximately.

RANMA looks at AKANE, startled by the reference to "that young man".
AKANE does not meet his gaze.

                                 NABIKI
		   <realization> Like what you were
		   saying last night -- it wants the
		   souls of martial artists?  Ones that
		   have advanced their training to the
		   point where they're practically
		   magic-users?

KENT nods.

                                 NINIANE
		   Correct.  They also seek the souls
		   of actual magic-users and psychics.
		   They are also quite willing to feed
		   on ordinary human souls when their 
		   favored prey is unavailable.

                                  UKYOU
		   Isn't there anything they *won't*
		   eat?

                                 NINIANE
		   Gods.  Have you one at hand?

Cut to URD and SKULD, wandering the streets of NERIMA.  SKULD seems rather
angry, while URD just looks tired.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
		   As a matter of fact, we did.  We
		   just didn't know it yet.

                                  SKULD
		   I demand an explanation!

URD comes to an abrupt stop.

                                   URD
		   Okay.  I'm tired, I'm hungry, and my
		   feet hurt.  This whole plan has
		   definitely entered the realm we call
		   "not fun".

                                  SKULD
		   <snaps> That isn't what I was talk--

                                   URD
		   <heavy> Fine.  But before I give you
		   one, Skuld, you know what the
		   Almighty always says:  "Breakfast is 
		   the most important meal of the day!"  
		   Positive treasure trove of sage 
		   advice, our dad.

She looks around, and her gaze settles on the Nekohanten.  She shrugs.

                                   URD
		   Come on, this place looks pretty
		   good.  Cute name.  I wonder if they
		   actually serve ... nah.

SKULD glowers at URD as she marches away.

                                  SKULD
		   <muttered> Sure.  Show the world
		   how you have no control over your
		   physical urges.  Well, I'll show 
		   *you* how a goddess --

SKULD's belly rumbles, and her expression becomes tragic.

                                  SKULD
		   I wish oneesan were here ...

She sadly follows URD to the door.

Cut to a train station in Nekomi.  BELLDANDY is looking perplexedly at the
ticket agent.

                                BELLDANDY
		   But I don't understand.  Why are
		   there no trains to Nerima today?

                                  AGENT
		   Apparently there was some sort of
		   accident at Nerima station.  It's
		   probably one of those crazy martial
		   artists that they've got there, you
		   know?

BELLDANDY obviously has no idea what the AGENT is talking about, but she
smiles sweetly and nods all the same.  She turns and heads out of the
station.  Outside, KEIICHI is standing nervously behind Banpei, which is
glaring at MARA, standing a few feet away with an annoyed, bored
expression. 

                                BELLDANDY
		   Unfortunately, there seems to have
		   been some sort of accident at the
		   train station in Nerima.

                                 KEIICHI
		   Could it be the work of this ...
		   Adversary?

                                   MARA
		   Uh-huh.  Sure.  An entity that
		   desires the immediate death of all
		   material life, everywhere, is going
		   to start by disrupting train
		   schedules across Japan.  <beat> You
		   seriously intend to *unite* with
		   this walking *turnip*, Bell--

MARA drops off as BELLDANDY gives her The Look.  It is a look that just
hints at the incredible amount of anger that BELLDANDY is holding at bay.

                                BELLDANDY
		   <cool, calm> Mara, please do not
		   insult Keiichi-san in such a way.

                                   MARA
		   <tiny> Right.

                                BELLDANDY
		   It seems, then that we needs must
		   take a bus to Nerima, if we wish to
		   rendezvous with my sisters.

                                 KEIICHI
		   Belldandy ... wouldn't it be simpler
		   for you and Mara to just ... you
		   know ... *go*?  I mean, without me?
		   I mean ... I'd probably just get in
		   the way.

MARA has recovered from her intimidation enough to nod vigorously.

                                BELLDANDY
		   No, Keiichi-san!  You could *never*
		   be in the way.  I need you to be
		   with me ... always ...

                                 KEIICHI
		   Belldandy ...

                                BELLDANDY
		   Keiichi ...

                                   MARA
		   <muttered> Gag me ...

A few moments later, KEIICHI, BELLDANDY, and MARA are all seated in that
order on a large bus.  KEIICHI looks very tired -- he's been running on
all cylinders since last night, and hasn't had a chance to sleep.  So, as
the bus pulls out of the depot, he slowly slips into unconsciousness.
BELLDANDY watches over him as he does.  MARA watches her as she does so,
her face a mixture of irritation, confusion, and envy (perhaps with a bit
of regret admixed in?  Who can say?)


                                   MARA
		   You really do mean to do it, don't
		   you?  <beat>  You intend to unite
		   with ... him.

BELLDANDY nods, not looking at MARA.

                                   MARA
		   *Why*?  I do *not* understand *why*
		   you ... <struggles> the most, the
		   greatest, the *brightest* of all
		   your office would throw *everything*
		   away for ... *him*?

BELLDANDY's explanation is given in a quiet tone, as if she is stating the
most obvious thing in the world.

                                BELLDANDY
		   Because I love him.  I love him more
		   than springtime.  I love him more
		   than sunlight.  I love him more than
		   anything in the world.  <beat> I
		   love him more than God.

MARA looks horribly stricken for a moment, then turns her head away,
trying to seem as though she's annoyed.

Cut to the interior of the Nekohanten, with a small early lunch clientele.
SHAMPOO is waiting tables, and turns to look at the two new customers --
URD and SKULD -- as they enter.

                                 SHAMPOO
		   <cheery> Aiya!  Welcome to Neko-
		   hanten!  Please have seat and --

                                   URD
		   <Mandarin, tired> Do you serve any 
		   kinda booze in this joint?

SHAMPOO blinks.  SKULD looks momentarily confused, then smacks her head in
irritation.

                                 SHAMPOO
		   Uh ... yes.  Yes, we do.

                                   URD
		   Fine, start sending servings to our
		   table and I'll tell you when to
		   stop.

                                  SKULD
		   URRRD!

URD walks, obviously ignoring SKULD's distress, to one of the tables, and
slumps down.

                                   URD
		   I'm beat.

SKULD sits down across from her, and glares at her.

                                  SKULD
		   <Mandarin> Urd, what language are we
		   speaking.

                                   URD
		   Does it matter?

                                  SKULD
		   We're *not* supposed to go switching
		   languages on the spur of the moment
		   like this!  It's not a good way to
		   blend in!

                                   URD
		   <Japanese> Better?

                                  SKULD
		   <Japanese> Yes!  Now, you said that
		   you'd explain why you freaked out
		   when you saw that guy!

                                   URD
		   I'll be able to explain it better
		   when I get some alcohol into my
		   system.

                                  SKULD
		   You liar!  You're planning to drink
		   yourself into oblivion so that you
		   don't *have* to explain it to me!

SHAMPOO arrives then, carrying a pair of sake jugs.  She sets one in front
of each of them, then gets a lacerating glare from SKULD.  Embarrassed, she
picks up SKULD's jug.

                                   URD
		   I'll take hers.

                                  SKULD
		   <Mandarin> Oh no you don't!  You're
		   going to tell me what happened, and
		   *then* you can booze 'til your eyes
		   turn black!

                                   URD
		   <Hakka> Oh yeah?

She starts to chug the first jug.  SHAMPOO begins to back away from the
table, looking very nervous.

                                 SHAMPOO
		   Ummmm ...

                                  SKULD
		   <Basque> Darnit, Urd, you cannot
		   just douse your sorrows like this!
		   We have work to do!

SHAMPOO drops the menus in front of them.

                                 SHAMPOO
		   <Mandarin; rapid-fire> I'll let you
		   take a look at our menus and be back
		   to get your orders shortly thank you
		   and have a nice day.

She dashes off.

Cut to the rear of the Nekohanten, where COLOGNE is reading a dogeared
copy of the Sangokushi.  SHAMPOO enters at a dash.

                                 SHAMPOO
		   <Mandarin> Great-grandmother, there
		   are --

COLOGNE doesn't look up.

                                 COLOGNE
		   Practice your Japanese, girl.

                                 SHAMPOO
		   <sigh; Japanese> Great-grandmother,
		   there strange people in restaurant.

                                 COLOGNE
		   <bored> Of course there are.  This
		   *is* Japan, after all.

                                 SHAMPOO
		   But --

                                 COLOGNE
		   Very well, what exactly is *so* odd
		   about these particular people?
		   Describe them.

Cut back to the dining room.  URD and SKULD are still arguing.

                                   URD
		   -- and I'm telling you what I saw!
		   He had two marks HERE --

She points to the marks just under the corners of her eyes.

                                   URD
		   -- and one HERE --

She points to the mark between her eyebrows.

                                   URD
		   -- and you know what that means!

                                  SKULD
		   *I* think it means you're going
		   crazy on me.  <beat>  Okay, now for
		   the moment, let's assume that you
		   saw what you say you saw.

                                   URD
		   <sarcastic> Gee, thanks.

                                  SKULD
		   A divinity *cannot* hide the marks
		   of his or her presence, so it's a
		   good thing that most mortals don't
		   notice them or know what they mean.

                              COLOGNE (O.S.)
		   WHAT?

Silence falls in the dining room.  COLOGNE abruptly hops out from the
back, and surveys the crowd.  Her eyes light on SKULD and URD (who stare
back).  She closes her eyes, and lets out a long-suffering sigh.

                              COLOGNE (V.O.)
                   Ancestors, what have I ever done to
		   deserve this?  <beat>  Don't answer
		   that.

She coughs.

                                 COLOGNE
		   Due to a recent family tragedy, I am
		   forced to close the Nekohanten for
		   the remainder of the day.  I deeply
		   regret the inconvenience.  <beat;
		   Tibetan> Would the two deities be so
		   kind as to remain, however?

Everyone begins to get up and file out, except for URD and SKULD, who
share an exasperated expression.

                                   URD
		   <English> Busted.

                                  SKULD
		   <Aesir> Yep.

Finally, everybody but them has left.  SHAMPOO comes out of the back of
the room with a confused expression.

                                 COLOGNE
		   <Mandarin> I wish no trouble with
		   you or your kind.

                                 SHAMPOO
	   	   <Mandarin> Great-grandmother?

                                 COLOGNE
		   Not now, child.

                                   URD
		   Neither do we.  <beat>  What we want

		   is -- <checks menu> some ramen would
		   go nicely with --

                                  SKULD
		   <very formal> Nor do we seek to
		   cause you great distress.  We are
		   engaged in an investigation into a
		   nexus of improbability which has
		   recently increased several times in
		   size.  Do you know anything with
		   regards to this?

                                 COLOGNE
		   Improbability, eh?  <beat>  My son-
		   in-law.  It's bound to be him.

                                 SHAMPOO
		   What?

                                 COLOGNE
		   Great-granddaughter, have you not
		   noticed that *everything* strange
		   which happens in this district
		   either has its origins with or
		   draws in your husband?

                                 SHAMPOO
		   Well ... sort of ...

                                  SKULD
		   Tell me more about this son-in-law
		   of yours ...

SHAMPOO suddenly notices the mallet slung across SKULD's back.  A series
of images run through her mind, and is reproduced in SD-form above her
head.  SD-AKANE hitting SD-RANMA over the head with a mallet.  SD-AKANE in
a wedding dress beside SD-RANMA in a tuxedo.  SD-SKULD hitting SD-RANMA
with her mallet.  SD-SKULD in a wedding dress ...

                                 SHAMPOO
		   <very slow> Excuse me.  You wouldn't
		   happen to be some strange girl who
		   has a delusional belief that she has
		   any rights at all to my husband for
		   the simple reason that you were at
		   one point a long time ago engaged,
		   would you?

                                  SKULD
		   <blinks> ME?  Marry?  A *mortal*?
		   Are you *crazy* or just plain --

COLOGNE interposes herself between SKULD and SHAMPOO.

                                 COLOGNE
		   I apologize for the ignorance of my
		   great-granddaughter.  <to SHAMPOO>
		   Behave!  These are our honored
		   guests!

                                   URD
		   Speaking of which, a little more
		   sake would be nice?

Cut to a posh dining room.  Our point of view pans around it over AKANE's
voice.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
		   As it happens, they weren't the only
		   ones having dinner at that time.
		   There was a rather important, if 
		   somewhat more confrontational dinner
		   happening in Nerima, between two
		   cousins ... and their fiancees.

Our point of view pans onto KYOUSUKE, MADOKA, SHIKEN, and KASUGA AKANE.
(She is now very grown up, but her red hair is still cropped fairly
short.)  Everyone is smiling and having a good time.

                                  SHIKEN
		   ... I was shocked!  No, no, I was
		   amazed!  I mean, I had only started
		   dating Akane a little while before
		   your ... incident in Bosnia,
		   Kasuga-san, and I had no idea that
		   she was related to you!  I never
		   even thought to ask!

                               KASUGA AKANE
		   I didn't want to seem like I was
		   bragging about your misfortune.

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   It wasn't that bad, really; I hardly
		   remember anything from when I got
		   knocked out to when I woke up in the
		   U.N. Hospital.

                                  SHIKEN
		   But it must have been hard for you,
		   Ayukawa-san.

                                  MADOKA
		   <smiles mysteriously> It was ... a
		   somewhat confusing experience.  But
		   I had friends to help me through it.

                               KASUGA AKANE
		   Oh, really?  Hikaru?

                                  MADOKA
		   <nods> Yes, she was in town then.  
		   <beat> Um, excuse me.  I think I
		   need to visit the washroom.

She looks at AKANE, who smiles and waves.  MADOKA blinks, and heads off.
As she steps out of sight, SHIKEN's beeper goes off.

                                  SHIKEN
		   Oh!  Please excuse me, this could be
		   important.

He stands and leaves.  AKANE and KYOUSUKE watch him go.

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   Well ... he seems like a nice guy.
		   A little --

                               KASUGA AKANE
		   <still smiling> -- silly?

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   Well, I wouldn't say that ...

                               KASUGA AKANE
		   <still smiling> I would.  <beat>
		   God I hate my life.

KYOUSUKE blinks.  AKANE's smile flows off her face, and she turns to look
directly at KYOUSUKE.  She looks old before her time, tired, and sick.

                               KASUGA AKANE
		   <hissed> I'm supposed to *marry*
		   that human turnip!  I don't believe
		   it!

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   A-akane?

                               KASUGA AKANE
		   What was I *thinking*? <beat> *Was*
		   I thinking, or was someone else
		   doing my thinking for me?  <beat>
		   That's one of the reasons I wanted
		   to talk to you ...

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   Wait a minute.  What are you saying?
		   You mean, you don't love Koyama-san?

                               KASUGA AKANE
		   No!  I don't!  <beat>  We met on an
		   omiai arranged by *my* parents,
		   Kyousuke.  Does that suggest that
		   something less than ethical might
		   be going on?

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   <horrified whisper> You think that 
		   your parents might have used the
		   power on your mind to make you fall
		   in love with him?  <beat> Akane,
		   that's crazy!

                               KASUGA AKANE
		   I'm not sure it was my parents.

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   Well, that's a relief --

                               KASUGA AKANE
		   I think it was ojiisan.

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   <winces> Akane!  This is paranoid!

                               KASUGA AKANE
		   Oh really.  Let's consider the facts
		   shall we?  When I was a teenager,
		   did I show *any* interest in boys?

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   You mean, other than that time you 
		   were bombed out of your skull and
		   invited me up to your room?

                               KASUGA AKANE
		   You see, you just proved my point!

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   Which was what?

                               KASUGA AKANE
		   Only when I am without control over 
		   my actions -- drunk or mind-
		   controlled, take your pick -- have
		   I shown any interest in a hetero-
		   sexual relationship.  <beat>  I'm
		   *GAY*, Kyousuke!

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   <deep sigh> I can somehow tell where
		   this is leading.

                               KASUGA AKANE
		   <ignores him> I've come up with a
		   great plan.  I'll use the power to
		   make myself look like you.  Then you
		   can go to New York and look up
		   Hikaru-chan while --

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   -- while you seduce Madoka?

                               KASUGA AKANE
		   <enthused> Right!  Oh, she'll be
		   upset at first, but --

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   Akane, where in the world do you
		   come up with this stuff?

                               KASUGA AKANE
		   <defensive> This way, everyone's
		   happy!  I'm happy, Madoka-chan is
		   happy, you're happy --

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   Oh yeah?

                               KASUGA AKANE
		   -- and Hikaru isn't lonely in New
		   York like you sometimes worry that
		   she might be, so she's happy!

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   And your fiance?

                               KASUGA AKANE
		   He can go be happy kissing ass at
		   his company for all I care.  <beat>
		   Kyousuke --

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   <firm> NO.  <beat> I don't know how
		   you found out about my worrying
		   about Hikaru, Akane, but that was
		   *very* low.  Even if I was inclined
	 	   to go along with that stupid plan,

		   *that* would have killed me on it.

There is a long pause in the conversation.

                               KASUGA AKANE
		   I just don't want to live a lie
		   anymore.

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   Then get out of the engagement the
		   old-fashioned way, Akane.  You're
		   an adult now, you can --

                               KASUGA AKANE
		   You seriously think they'll *let* 
		   me do that?

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   Oh, come on!

                               KASUGA AKANE
		   Kyousuke, think about it.  Consider
		   if you will my family and yours.
		   Your mother married a non-esper,
		   and mine married a distant cousin
		   who *was* one.  Which of our family
		   lines produced more powerful espers?
		   <beat> And ask yourself this.  Why,
		   when ojiisan put up so much of a
		   fuss when your father and your
		   mother fell in love, is he so happy
		   to see you marrying Madoka-chan?

KYOUSUKE blinks.  He opens his mouth ... and can't find anything to say.

Cut to MINAKO's bedroom.  MINAKO is lying in bed with a contented look on
her face.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   Questions about love and the reasons
		   why we love someone were on more
		   than one mind that day.  Speaking
		   for myself, I was busily avoiding
		   dealing with Ranma.  <beat>  In the
		   months that I'd been at Nekomi, he
		   hadn't once sent me any letters, he
		   hadn't called, he hadn't visited.
		   <beat>  But I hadn't written or
		   called him either.  <beat>  In any
		   event ...

Cut to the kitchen.  AETHAN is standing by the phone, wearing a bathrobe
entirely too small for him and a non-plussed expression.  The phone is
ringing.

                              MICHAEL (TEL.)
		   Hello?

                                  AETHAN
		   Hello, Michael.

                              MICHAEL (TEL.)
		   Hey!  What happened to you?  You
		   didn't come back to the hotel last
		   ni--

                                  AETHAN
		   I'm aware of that.  What happened
		   was ... a story too long to tell at
		   this point.  Suffice it to say that
		   I am not in any danger.  Thus far.
		   <beat>  However, I ran into one of
		   our more worldly associates.

                              MICHAEL (TEL.)
		   Uh-*huh*.

                                  AETHAN
		   You may recall him from the Mexican
		   conference.  He hinted that there
		   was a large deal brewing here, as
		   well.  You may wish to examine the
		   relevant sections of the news, see
		   if you can discern any trends.

                              MICHAEL (TEL.)
		   Gotcha.  Just give me a call when
		   you think something's about to pop.

                                  AETHAN
		   I shall.  Be seeing you.

He hangs up, and looks down at his robe.

                                  AETHAN
		   How do things like this *happen*?

ARTEMIS comes wandering in through the kitty hole in the door of the
house, looking rather tired.  He stops dead when he sees AETHAN.  They
stare at each other for several moment.

                                 ARTEMIS
		   <very slow and calm> That's it, I'm
		   going to *kill* you.

He leaps at AETHAN's face, claws out and snarling.  AETHAN is knocked to
the floor, more from surprise than anything else.  He struggles with the
outraged cat, trying desperately to keep him from clawing his eyes.

                                  AETHAN
		   Artemis!  Calm down, dammit!  You're
		   over-reacting!  Nothing happened!

MINAKO comes wandering into the kitchen, wearing little more than the
beatific smile on her face.

                                  MINAKO
		   What a beautiful, sunshiney day ...

                                 ARTEMIS
		   You *liar*!  <attacks>

MINAKO realizes what's going on, and grabs ARTEMIS, wrestling him off of
AETHAN.

                                  MINAKO
		   Artemis!  That's no way to treat a
		   guest!

                                 ARTEMIS
		   Lemme at him!  Seducing your host is
		   no way for a guest to behave!

                                  MINAKO
		   Oh for Pete's sake, Artemis!  He
		   *didn't* seduce me!

                                 ARTEMIS
		   <very dubious> Oh, really?

                                  MINAKO
		   No!  <beat; proud>  I seduced him.

ARTEMIS looks profoundly shocked.  He stares at AETHAN, who is too
mortified to meet his gaze.  ARTEMIS hangs his head.

                                 ARTEMIS
		   <despairing> Where did I go wrong?

                                  MINAKO
		   I think it was when you explained
		   condoms to me.  Ever since then, the
		   cat was out of the bush, and into
		   the hand.

                                  AETHAN
		   <muffled> That's out of the bag,
		   Minako.

                                  MINAKO
		   That's another way of putting it,
		   yes.

                                 ARTEMIS
		   You really ... you actually went and
		   ... you ...

                                  MINAKO
		   <nods> Three times!  <beat>  Wanna
		   see us do it again?

                          AETHAN & ARTEMIS (sim)
		   NO!

                                  MINAKO
		   Okay.  I'm gonna go have a shower,
		   then.  <shakes finger> No peeking!

She sets ARTEMIS down on the floor, peeking under AETHAN's robe -- which
causes her to smile broadly -- as she does, and then skips off.  ARTEMIS
stumbles over to collapse against AETHAN's side.  They are both silent as
they hear the shower begin to run.

                                  AETHAN
		   It wasn't what I intended to happen.

                                 ARTEMIS
		   I've said the exact same thing about
		   a thousand times in connection with
		   her.  <beat>  Did I cut you badly?

                                  AETHAN
		   They've healed.

                                 ARTEMIS
		   Oh good.  <beat>  Welcome to the
		   family.

AETHAN starts to stand, gently lifting ARTEMIS up with him.

                                  AETHAN
		   Thank you, Artemis.  I hope that
		   your endorsement will stop Mr. Aino
		   from shooting me ...

He walks towards the bedroom.

                                 ARTEMIS
		   This is Japan.  Where's he going to
		   get a gun?  <beat>  And besides,
		   haven't you noticed that they're
		   never around?  Her parents, I mean.
		   *I'm* more of a father to her than
		   he is.

                                  AETHAN
		   I'd noticed the last part, at least.

Cut to KASUMI in the kitchen, washing dishes.  PATRICIA walks into the
room with a strained expression on her face.

                                 PATRICIA
		   Ahh ... excuse?

                                  KASUMI
		   Ah!  Hello, Ms. ... Delafontaine,
		   right?

                                 PATRICIA
		   Yes.  I --

                                  KASUMI
		   How can I help you?

                                 PATRICIA
		   <deep breath> I no speak good Japan.
		   Please, where bathroom?

KASUMI quickly dries her hands, and leads her to the bathroom.  They pass
KENT and ANDREW in the hallway.  PATRICIA pauses to look at KENT, who does
not meet her gaze.  She sighs and proceeds.  KASUMI looks at her with
sympathy.  We follow KENT and ANDREW.

                                   KENT
		   I can't *believe* that you brought
		   her with you ...

                                  ANDREW
		   We might need what she has.  'Sides
		   that, it wouldn't be right to just
		   leave her on the base.

                                   KENT
		   She's *seventeen*, Andrew.  She's
		   too young to be --

                                  ANDREW
		   And what about you?  And what about
		   these martial arts demigods that
		   you've stumbled onto?

                                   KENT
		   It's *not* the same thing.

                                  ANDREW
		   Look, she's here, there ain't no
		   point in arguing about it now.

                                   KENT
		   <sigh> Fine.  But she is our *last*
		   resort, you understand.  If every
		   thing else that we have fails to
		   play out, *then* we launch. <beat>
		   She doesn't even have any --

                                  ANDREW
		   <lazy> Two hundred hours of sim.

                                   KENT
		   -- *real* experience!

                                  ANDREW
		   And how's she gonna get any if you
		   don't let her go in?

KENT gives ANDREW a withering glare.

                                  ANDREW
		   Kent, she's like *you*.  *You* were
		   born for what you do, *she* was born
		   for --

KENT's glare gets even more intent, and ANDREW cuts off and looks away.

Cut to RANMA, sitting on the porch, staring up at the Helifortress with a
disgruntled expression.  KENT and ANDREW come around the corner.  KENT
notices RANMA.

                                   KENT
		   Hey, Ranma.

                                  RANMA
		   Yo.

                                   KENT
		   You said something about having a
		   few more allies that you hadn't
		   called in yet.  You talked to them
		   yet.

                                  RANMA
		   No ... I've been trying to avoid
		   dealing with them ... but I guess
		   there's no putting it off any 
		   longer.

He stands, and heads into the dining room.  He picks up the phone and
dials a number, visibly bracing himself as he does.

Cut to the Nekohanten.  SHAMPOO and URD are still talking.

		                 SHAMPOO
		   This is incredible.  *You* gave my
		   ancestors their first love potion?

                                   URD
		   <sipping sake> If I remember right.
		   It was a while ago, y'understand ...
		   Joketsuzoku was a lot less milit--

The phone rings.

                              COLOGNE (O.S.)
		   Shampoo, answer the phone.

                                 SHAMPOO
		   Yes!  <to URD> Excuse me, please.

She heads over to the phone, and picks it up, reverting to her Japanese.

                                 SHAMPOO
		   Hello, this Nekohanten!  You want
		   what?

Go to a split screen, RANMA on the left, SHAMPOO on the right.

                                  RANMA
		   Hey, Shampoo.  It's --

                                 SHAMPOO
		   <overjoyed> RANMA!  You call ask
		   Shampoo on date!

                                  RANMA
		   No, I didn't.  Shampoo, I think you
		   and your great-grandmother should
		   come over to the house and --

                                 SHAMPOO
		   <MORE overjoyed> At last!  You ask
		   Shampoo to join in silly no-needed
		   Japanese wedding!

RANMA looks up at the ceiling with a "why do I even *bother*?"
expression.

                                  RANMA
		   <snarled> NO!  Shampoo, would you
		   pipe down and let me finish a
		   sentence?

                                 SHAMPOO
		   <restrained> Okay.

                                  RANMA
		   Look, there's some kind of demon
		   running around town, and the people
		   who've come to fight it told me that
		   there's safety in numbers, or
		   something like that, and it's going
		   after martial artists.  So maybe you
		   and your great-grandmother could get
		   up here so that we can make some
		   kinda plan?

                                 SHAMPOO
		   <blinks> Demon?

                                  RANMA
		   <patronizing> Yes, Shampoo, demon.
		   Maybe you've heard about all the
		   murders in town these last couple
		   days?

                                 SHAMPOO
		   <slow> Yes ... <beat> Shampoo tell
		   great-grandmother, and we come.
		   <beat> Ranma think it would be good
		   if Shampoo bring goddesses visiting
		   her restaurant as back up?

RANMA stares at the phone, perplexed, for a moment.

                                  RANMA
		   You're having a few of the Fukano-
		   kami-ryu martial artists over for 
		   drinks or something?

                                 SHAMPOO
		   No no, different goddesses.  Nice
		   ones.

                                  RANMA
		   Whatever, Shampoo, just get over
		   here as soon as possible.  Seeya.

He hangs up and takes up the full screen.

                                  RANMA
		   <snort> Goddesses.  Right.  <beat>
		   Well, that's one hurdle curled.  Now
		   all I gotta do is make sure Akane
		   doesn't find out I invited her over.

A blue battle aura glows immediately behind him.

                                  RANMA
		   <same tone> Y'know, one of these
		   days, I'm gonna learn to keep my
		   mouth shut.

He turns to see AKANE glaring balefully at him.

                                  AKANE
		   <growl> RANNNMAAAA.  <bitten> What
		   did you call her and tell her to
		   come over for?

                                  RANMA
		   It wasn't my idea!  Do you think I'd
		   call that crazy chick over here --

                                  AKANE
		   YES!  You've probably been running
		   all over Nerima with her while I've
		   been gone!

                                  RANMA
		   <angry> Well excuse me for not
		   following you around like some
		   lovesick piggy all the --

AKANE hits RANMA, sending him flying through the dining room out across
the porch -- just as PATRICIA and KASUMI walk around the corner -- and
into the pond in the back yard.  AKANE storms limpingly through the dining
room to stand on the porch, just as RANMA (now female) crawls out of the
pond, stomps up onto the deck, and poises to yell at her.  She stands like
that for a full second, then finally swivels and starts to walk away.

                                  RANMA
		   Hell with this.

AKANE blinks, not fully comprehending what has just transpired.

                                  AKANE
		   RANMA!  Where do you think you're
		   going!

                                  RANMA
		   <not looking back> My room.

AKANE storms after him.  PATRICIA and KASUMI have been watching this.
PATRICIA turns to KASUMI with a quizzical expression.

                                 PATRICIA
                   Love?

                                  KASUMI
		   I hope so, dear.

PATRICIA follows KASUMI as she heads into the kitchen.

                                  KASUMI
		   So, I meant to ask -- what exactly
		   do you do in Kent-san's Planetary
		   Defense Forces?

PATRICIA takes a moment to puzzle out the question, then nods.

                                 PATRICIA
		   I ultimate weapon.

KASUMI pauses, and turns to look at the short, almost scrawny girl.

                                  KASUMI
		   You ... own the ultimate weapon?

PATRICIA blinks, thinks about it, and then smiles, embarrassed.

                                 PATRICIA
		   Sorry.  Mistake.  <beat>  I *am*
		   ultimate weapon.

                                  KASUMI
		   Oh my.

Cut to AKANE pounding on the door to RANMA's room.

                                  AKANE
		   Ranma!  Open this door right now!

                               RANMA (O.S.)
		   Or what?

                                  AKANE
		   Or ... or ...

                               AKANE (V.O.)
		   "Or I'll break it down."  <beat> The
		   thing is, I couldn't.  Living in a
		   dormitory with a dozen other girls
		   had taught me a few things about
		   the need for privacy.  A long time
		   ago, it felt like, I could have just
		   slammed the sliding door open and
		   burst in.  I *had*, a couple times.
		   But ... now I wanted him to ask me
		   to come in.  I wanted him to let me
		   come in.  <beat>  Does that make any
		   sense at all?

                                  AKANE
		   Ranma ... <struggles> can I <mutter>
		   plz <normal> come in?

There is a long silence.

                               RANMA (O.S.)
		   What?

                                  AKANE
		   Can I ... please ... come in?

There is another silence.

                               RANMA (O.S.)
		   Sure.  Whatever.

AKANE braces herself and slides the door open.

RANMA is sitting on her futon, glaring at the window (thus looking away
from the doorway).

                                  AKANE
		   Ranma, I --

                                  RANMA
		   I didn't go running around with her
		   at all.  I went out of my way to
		   *avoid* dealing with her.

                                  AKANE
		   <angry> Oh really.  I recall a
		   certain incident with a reversal
		   jewel --

                                  RANMA
		   Y'know, I don't know why, when
		   Cologne zapped you with that thing,
		   you didn't just start killing me.

AKANE reacts as if slapped.

                                  RANMA
		   I mean, when you put it on right
		   side up, it's supposed to make you
		   feel even more of what you actually
		   feel for a person, so --

                                  AKANE
		   Ranma!  I *don't* want you *dead*!

                               AKANE (V.O.)
		   Much.

                                  RANMA
		   Sure.  <beat>  No, you're right.  If
		   that thing was working properly, you
	 	   would've just transferred to another
		   high school like *that*. <snaps
		   fingers>

                                  AKANE
		   Ranma ... <beat; angry> This is
		   about my going off to college, isn't
		   it!  You're just upset that --

                                  RANMA
		   -- I got in less fights?  Yeah, a
		   little.  <beat>  But you know what
		   kills me, Akane?  You know what
		   really, really kills me?  <beat>
		   For all I know, you were running
		   around with some college guys while
		   I was here.  And then you come back
		   and --

                                  AKANE
		   RANMA!  I didn't have time to do
		   anything like that, and unlike a few
		   people I know, *I'm* faithful.
		   <beat> How could you think something
		   like that?  Do you seriously think
		   that I could change that much from
		   one year away from --

RANMA turns to look at AKANE angrily.

                                  RANMA
		   As a matter of fact, YES.  I *know*
		   you can change how you feel and act
		   completely!

                                  AKANE
		   What are you talking --

                                  RANMA
		   "Wanna be friends?"

She looks away again, and AKANE blinks.  And remembers.  And is upset.

                                  AKANE
		   That's *different*!

                                  RANMA
		   In one lousy second you went from
		   the only person who'd treated me
		   like a human being in years to --
		   all because I *wasn't* --

                                  AKANE
		   I was upset!  You ... you didn't
		   even try to explain!

                                  RANMA
		   'Cause I knew that you'd start
		   hating me if I did!  Just like you
		   *did*!

                                  AKANE
		   Ranma!  How I feel about you does
		   *not* change when *you* do!

                                  RANMA
		   Oh yeah?!

                               AKANE (V.O.)
		   No matter how much I try, I can't
		   explain to myself why I did what I
		   did then.

AKANE grabs RANMA, spins her around, and kisses her soundly on the lips.
RANMA's eyes bulge, and she starts to push AKANE away.  They stare at each
other.

And then they do it again, and begin to fall onto the futon.  Our point of
view starts to look at the shaded window.  Appropriate noises are heard.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
		   I had *no* idea what I was doing.
		   <beat> Okay, that's not quite true.
		   While I was at college, I'd ...
		   accidentally wandered into the
		   showers while two of my floormates
		   were ... anyway, I'd run out after
		   a few minutes, because I'd been too
		   embarrassed, but ... I remembered a
		   few things.  <beat>  I knew, at 
		   least, more than he did.  She did.
		   Whatever.  <beat>  A lot of ... it
		   was due to the sheer insanity, the
		   chance we were taking, of getting
		   caught by my father, my sisters, or
		   by Ukyou.  <beat>  I wonder if it
		   would have been even sweeter if we'd
		   known we were endangering our lives?

Close in on the window, through which we can see two angry eyes glaring.

Cut to the other side of the window.  SHAMPOO is staring through.  Her
face is white with fury.

                                 SHAMPOO
		   I.  KILLLLL!

She reaches back, her bonbori in hand ... and her arm is caught.  She
looks back to see URD glaring at her.

                                   URD
		   Okay, what's going --

SHAMPOO points at the window in incoherent fury.  URD takes a look.

                                   URD
		   Well ... not a lot of technique, but
		   quite a bit of --

                                 SHAMPOO
		   That Shampoo's husband!

                                   URD
		   Oh.  <beat>  Um, so you're --

                                 SHAMPOO
		   NO.

                                   URD
		   Then -- oh!  Jyusenkyo.  Cool.

                                 SHAMPOO
		   Not cool!  Not cool at all!  Vile!
		   Disgusting!

                                   URD
		   What's *your* problem?

SHAMPOO draws in a deep breath ... and starts ranting in rapid-fire
Mandarin.  URD's face goes from vague confusion to shock to as close as
she gets to horror.  SHAMPOO is in tears at the end of it.

                                   URD
		   Oh, geez.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
		   I never found out what she'd told
		   the goddess.  <beat>  It can't have
		   been anything too important, though
		   -- probably just some biased story
		   of her life up until that point, and
	 	   how I was stealing her husband from
		   her by foul enchantments.  Typical
		   Shampoo lies, in other words. <beat>
		   Anyway, nothing came of it.  While
		   downstairs, Kent Masefield was
		   explaining the situation to Cologne.

Cut to the living room of the Tendou home.  COLOGNE is seated on the
couch, her staff close at hand, while KENT kneels before her.  NABIKI is
watching the discussion with a neutral expression.

                                 COLOGNE
		   "Those who eat the souls of the
		   mighty," eh?

KENT inclines his head.

                                  NABIKI
		   I take it you've heard of this kind
		   of thing before?

                                 COLOGNE
		   You take it correctly, Tendou Nabiki
		   -- but in the history of the Joke-
		   tsuzoku, there are not many things
		   in the myriad hells that we have
		   *not* heard of.  <to KENT> You know
		   then, the ways to kill them?

                                   KENT
		   One of the local warriors --

                                  NABIKI
		   <interrupt> His name was Kunou.

KENT continues as though NABIKI hadn't interrupted, earning him a harsh
glare from NABIKI.

                                   KENT
		   -- was able to dispatch one of them
		   with the assistance of one of my
		   associates.  To slay the vimogorge
		   requires both a magical and physical
		   assault.

                                  NABIKI
		   Or else what happens?

                                 COLOGNE
		   Slay the soul and not the body, and
		   it can continue to wreak havoc.
		   <beat> Slay the body, and the soul
		   dies -- but its death spasms tear
		   open a gate to the Hell That Is Best
		   Not Described.

                                  NABIKI
		   <blinks> The what?

                                   KENT
		   Chinese Hells usually have very
		   descriptive names.  So one which is
		   "best not described" is ... well,
		   you can imagine.

                                 COLOGNE
		   I doubt that.  <beat>  In any event,
		   Mr. Masefield, you were wise to ask
		   for my presence.  And fortunate, as
		   well.

                                   KENT
		   <blink> Oh?  Were you planning on
		   taking some sort of trip, that we 
		   couldn't get in contact with --

                                 COLOGNE
		   <smile> No.  But your invitation
		   came at a remarkably fortuitous
		   point in time --


                               SKULD (O.S.)
		   It's *beautiful*!  Oh WOW!

Cut to the porch, where SKULD is standing -- actually, all but floating --
as she stares up at the Helifortress with a rapturous expression.  
COLOGNE, NABIKI, and KENT (in ascending vertical order) stick their heads
out to see what's going on.

                                  SKULD
		   All my life I've waited to see
		   something like this ... something
		   that showed true engineering --

                                   KENT
		   Ex-cuse me.

SKULD whirls around.

                                  SKULD
		   <breathless> Did you build that?
		   Did you -- <realizes who he is> Oh
		   no!

                                   KENT
		   You again?

                                  SKULD
		   Uh ...

URD, supporting a still teary SHAMPOO, wanders around the corner, talking
to her.

                                   URD
		   ... but the thing is, you *can't*
		   let something like that ruin you.
		   You've got to be --

                                   KENT
	 	   <suspicious> You're both here?

URD looks up, startled, and stares at KENT for a moment, half-expecting to
see the marks appear on his face again.  Nothing happens.

                                   KENT
		   All right, what's going on here?
		   Did you tell these people that you
		   were secret agents --

                                   URD
		   Nope.  We told 'em the truth.  Urd, 
                   Goddess Second Class, Limited, and 
		   well met.

SKULD's eyes boggle.  NABIKI nods, and turns to head into the house.

                                  SKULD
		   *URD*!

                                   KENT
		   I see.  <beat; Aesir, stilted> You
		   are those who weave fate?

                                   URD
		   It's actually more like programming,
		   but yeah.

                                   KENT
		   Isn't there supposed to be another
		   one --

                                   URD
		   She's busy, right now.  You're
		   taking this rather well.

                                   KENT
		   <shrug> Superhuman martial artists,
		   espers, demons, aliens ... after a
		   while, one stops being surprised by
		   anything.

NABIKI returns, carrying a jug, and still nodding calmly.

                                  NABIKI
		   <deadpan> I'll drink to that ...

                                 SHAMPOO
		   <quiet> Sound like good idea.

Cut to a shot of RANMA and AKANE, curled up together under the covers.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
		   Meanwhile ...

Cut to a shot of KYOUSUKE and MADOKA, sitting on a couch.  KYOUSUKE is
talking.

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   ... and then she has the nerve to
		   talk to *me* about taking care of 
		   Hikaru!  *Akane*!  Ms. "I'll Pretend
		   To Be You So Hikaru Doesn't Get In
		   The Way of My Attempt to Impress my
		   Peer Group!"

MADOKA nods.

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   Doesn't what she was suggesting 
		   *bother* you?

                                  MADOKA
		   Not as much as what Akane was
		   saying about your grandfather
		   bothers you.

He stares at her, aghast.  She gives him The Look.  KYOUSUKE slumps

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   What if she's right?

                                  MADOKA
		   What if she is?

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   Then ... you and I are ...

                                  MADOKA
		   <firm> You and I are in love.  It
		   took me a hell of a time to find you 
		   after you left me that first time, 
                   and I am *not* going to let you go 
		   just because you're worrying about 
	 	   the reasons that I decided to love 
		   you.

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   But --

                                  MADOKA
		   But what?  I *know* why I love you.
		   If we were brought together by some
		   psychic manipulators, I choose to
		   believe that they were acting in
		   accordance with what was meant to
		   be.  Because this is *right*. <beat>
		   Kyousuke, do you *seriously* think
		   that I would feel the way I do about
		   you if it had been imposed on me
		   like Akane thinks her feelings for
		   Shiken were?  If she can tell the
		   difference, don't you think *I*
		   could?

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   Shiken can't.

MADOKA gives him another dose of The Look.

                                  MADOKA
		   That's because he's an idiot.  Do
		   you think *I'm* an idiot, *Kasuga-
		   kun*?

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   <flinch> A-A-A-Ayukawa ...

They look at each other for a moment, then break up into laughter.

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   No, you're not an idiot.  I am,
		   though.

MADOKA nods calmly.  KYOUSUKE glowers for a moment, then smiles.  The
phone (located on the table behind them) rings.  KYOUSUKE picks it up.

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   Kasuga res--

                             OJIISAN (PHONE)
		   In answer to your question, no, I
		   didn't do anything to make Akane-
		   chan fall for that young man, and
		   neither did her parents.  She's just
		   being paranoid.

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   Ojiisan?!


                                 OJIISAN
		   Yes, now ... in a few minutes,
		   you're going to receive a phone call
		   from an old friend of our family.
		   Don't be intimidated, no matter what
		   he says.

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   What?

                                 OJIISAN
		   The honor of our family, and the
		   safety of the world depend on you,
		   Kyousuke!

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   Excuse me?

                                 OJIISAN
		   Say hello to Madoka-san for me!

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   Ojiisan!

                                 OJIISAN
		   Yes?

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   <long breath> You mean that you
		   didn't try to get me matched up with
		   Madoka?

Dead silence.

                                 OJIISAN
		   Say hello to Madoka-san for me!  Ja!

Click.

KYOUSUKE stares at the phone in his hand with an appalled expression,
before setting it down.  Moments later, it rings again.  He lets it ring
twice, before MADOKA irritatedly picks it up.

                                  MADOKA
		   Moshi moshi? <beat>  It's for you.

She hands him the phone, which he reluctantly accepts.

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   Hello?

                               KENT (PHONE)
		   Kasuga Kyousuke?

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   Yes.

                               KENT (PHONE)
		   My name is Kent Masefield.  I need
		   you to come to the Tendou Dojo in
		   Nerima as soon as possible --

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   Hold it!  Why should I just get up
		   and go somewhere on your say-so?

                               KENT (PHONE)
		   I'm sorry, I can't explain it in
		   greater detail over the phone.

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   Well, then I can't come --

                               KENT (PHONE)
		   <very cold>  Kasuga-san.  Get your
		   butt down here or you and your
		   family are on CNN.

Click.

Cut to KENT dropping a cell phone in the pocket of his trenchcoat.  His
expression is annoyed as he walks through the living room to the porch.
He stares out at the horizon, standing silently.

                             OJIISAN (V.O.)
		   Was that really necessary?

KENT flinches.

                               KENT (V.O.)
		   Probably not.  It *was*, I stress,
		   a bluff.

                             OJIISAN (V.O.)
		   All right.

                               KENT (V.O.)
	 	   You're sure that he can handle it?

                             OJIISAN (V.O.)
		   He's the most powerful of his
		   generation, Kent.  If he *can't* do
		   what you need him to do, none of us
		   can.  <beat>  And it's worth a shot,
		   right?

KENT smiles, painfully.

                               KENT (V.O.)
		   He would be, wouldn't he?

There is a long silence.

                             OJIISAN (V.O.)
		   Regrets?

                               KENT (V.O.)
		   Many.  But ... he was the one she
		   wanted, and who was I to argue?
		   <beat> There is one thing I wonder,
		   though.

                             OJIISAN (V.O.)
		   What?

                               KENT (V.O.)
		   "Kyousuke"?  She told me that she
		   wanted to name her first child
		   Akira.

                             OJIISAN (V.O.)
		   She changed her mind, I suppose.
		   <beat> Are you going to tell him?

                               KENT (V.O.)
		   I don't know yet.  <beat>  Should
		   I, Fa-- Sensei?

                             OJIISAN (V.O.)
		   I'm sure you'll do the right thing.
		   <beat>  And you could call me the
		   other, if you felt inclined.

KENT shakes his head.

                             OJIISAN (V.O.)
		   All right.  I'll leave you to it,
		   Kent.  Good luck.

KENT stands, still staring at the horizon for a few minutes.

>From the kitchen, PATRICIA is staring at him through the window with a sad
expression.  KASUMI watches her with one just as sad.

Cut to the parking lot of the shopping mall from last time, in early
evening.  It is deserted except for the Masaki van.  RYOUKO materializes
beside the van, looking around cautiously.  When satisfied, she beckons
offscreen.  SASAMI, MIHOSHI, AYEKA, and AMY all come running quickly,
followed a few moments later by TENCHI, DARIEN, LITA, and AETHAN -- each
carrying a tire.  SERENA and MINAKO (both carrying their respective cats,
LUNA and ARTEMIS) are "helping" DARIEN and AETHAN.  RAYE is bringing up
the rear, and keeping a close eye on AETHAN.  A few moments later, the
exploded tires on the van have been replaced.  DARIEN is lowering the jack
on the last one.

                                  DARIEN
		   Well, that should be good enough to
		   get you back to ... Okayama?

                                  TENCHI
		   Right.  I really am sorry to put you
 		   out like this ...

                                  SERENA
		   Oh, it's no big deal!

                                   RAYE
		   <muttered> Says the one who nearly
		   had a heart attack trying to lift
		   one of the tires.

                                  SERENA
		   RAAAAAYEEEEE!  Why are you always so
		   *mean* to me!

A tongue war immediately commences, with the Senshi and associates sighing
and not watching.  The Tenchi family, on the other hand, watch in
confusion and/or apprehension.  RYOUKO and AYEKA, standing a little ways
away, watch with confused interest.

                                  RYOUKO
	 	   ... is it just me or do they --

                                  AYEKA
		   Don't be ridiculous, Ryouko.  While
		   Raye-san is almost as refined and
		   polite as am I, Tsukino-san is much
		   more kind and *decent* than you
		   are.

MIHOSHI is in tears.

                                 MIHOSHI
		   Oh, it's *so* sad to see such good
		   friends fighting!

RYOUKO and AYEKA have suddenly ill expressions.  Little bubbles appear
over their heads -- super-deformed versions of themselves dressed in
sailor fuku.

                                SD-RYOUKO
		   My Tenchi-chan!

                                 SD-AYEKA
                   My Tenchi-chan!

In the middle, between the two bubbles, appears a third -- an SD-MIHOSHI
(sailor fuku) hugging an SD-TENCHI (tuxedo).

                                SD-MIHOSHI
		   Wai!  My Tenchi-chan!

                                 SD-TENCHI
		   Mihoko ...

They kiss.  Our focus changes to RYOUKO and AYEKA's stricken faces.

                      SD-MIHOSHI & SD-TENCHI (O.S.)
		   Mmmm ... rapture ...

                               RAYE (O.S.)
		   Ummm ... Ayeka-san?

AYEKA blinks, and comes back to reality.  RAYE is looking at her with a
puzzled expression.


                                   RAYE
		   Something wrong?

                                  AYEKA
		   No!  No, nothing's wrong.  Ahem.
		   Thank you once again for inviting us
		   into your home while we were looking
		   for the spare parts for our vehicle.

                                   RAYE
		   Oh, it was nothing.

                                  AYEKA
		   Not nothing, but a great deal.  If
		   you should ever visit Okayama --

                                  RYOUKO
		   <heavy sarcasm> -- be *sure* to come
		   and see us.

RAYE and RYOUKO exchange an angry glare.  AETHAN, who is standing beside
MINAKO, lets out a long sigh.

                                  AETHAN
		   <muttered> At least it's not just
		   directed at me ...

Suddenly AETHAN flinches.

                               KENT (V.O.)
		   Aethan.  I need you to come to these
		   coordinates, as soon as possible.

                                  MINAKO
		   Aethan?  Are you all right?

                                  AETHAN
		   <muttered> I'll be there.  <aloud>
		   I'm fine, Minako, but ...

                                  MINAKO
		   You'll be where?  <beat>  Aethan,
		   where are you going?

AETHAN tries to step back from her, but she presses close to him.

                                  AETHAN
		   Minako, I have to ... leave you, for
		   a while.

                                  MINAKO
		   What?!  Why?!

                                  AETHAN
		   I --

Cut to WASHUU's laboratory.  WASHUU and MADELINE are watching the screen
intently.

                                  WASHUU
		   Geez ... these two are almost as
		   good as the soaps Mihoshi watches.

                                 MADELINE
		   They are rather melodramatic.  But
		   are you ready to implement the
		   second phase?

                                  WASHUU
		   Yeah.  <beat>  If Ryouko finds out
		   that I did this, she'll never --

                                 MADELINE
		   I do not care.

WASHUU glares at MADELINE, whose expression is cool and implacable.

                                 MADELINE
		   If you do not do this, there is a
		   good chance that your daughter will
		   not be alive to forgive you for the
		   mistakes you have made over the last
		   sixty hours, which put her in this
		   jeopardy in the first place.  Given
		   that --

                                  WASHUU
		   Tell me, are all innately telepathic
		   species as lacking in *tact* as
		   yours is?

                                 MADELINE
		   Yes.

                                  WASHUU
		   Explains a few things ... anyway,
		   the second phase has already begun.

Cut back to AETHAN and MINAKO arguing, with the others watching.  ARTEMIS
has climbed onto LITA's shoulder instead.

                                  SERENA
		   Shouldn't we ... try to stop them?

                                   RAYE
		   No, the sooner they break up, the
		   *safer* --

                                   LITA
		   Raye, put a sock in it.

                                  AETHAN
		   Look, I am sorry, but I cannot tell
		   you where I'm going, because you'd
		   try to follow me!

                                  MINAKO
		   Of *course* I would!


                                  AETHAN
		   And it's too *dangerous* --

>From his expression, AETHAN immediately realizes what kind of a mistake
that statement was.

                                  MINAKO
		   <angry> Dangerous?!  I *live* for
		   dangerous!  <shout> VENUS COSMIC
		   POWER!

While the transformation sequence begins, AETHAN steps back.

                               AETHAN (V.O.)
		   Michael, I need you to do a very
		   quick two-stage teleport to my
		   location and then to a certain set
		   of coordinates.  Up for it?

                              MICHAEL (V.O.)
		   I'm on it.

MINAKO's change completed, she takes another step forward.

                                  MINAKO
		   Now, the Sailor Suited Soldier of
		   Love wants some explanations, or
		   I'll punish you in the name of --

                                  AETHAN
		   Goodbye.

                                  MINAKO
		   -- no, Venus -- what do you mean,
		   `goodbye' --

MICHAEL materializes behind AETHAN, and grabs him by the shoulder.  RYOUKO
suddenly clutches her stomach, in sudden pain.  Her face is confused.
MINAKO realizes what's about to happen.

                                  MINAKO
		   No!

She leaps forward, grabbing ahold of AETHAN's coat, just as MICHAEL
teleports them, inadvertantly dragging her with them.  RYOUKO's stomach
pains again manifest.

                         SERENA and ARTEMIS (sim)
		   MINA!!

AMY is busily typing her computer.

                                   AMY
		   I *think* I have a lock on their
		   destination!

                                  SERENA
		   Right!  Everybody, transform!

The transformation sequence goes off.  TENCHI stares, blinkingly at them,
blushing deeply as he does so.  Of course, RYOUKO and AYEKA notice this.
Meanwhile, DARIEN does his quiet, subtle transformation to Tuxedo Mask.

                                  SASAMI
		   <quietly overawed> I definitely want
		   to be a magical girl ...

                                  SERENA
		   Luna!  If Darien helps us, can we
		   do a Sailor Teleport without Mina?

                                   LUNA
		   I'm not sure, but I think that
		   ought to work!

                                  SERENA
		   All right!  <to TENCHI> Masaki-san,
		   I'm *really* sorry we're ducking on
		   you like this ...

                                  TENCHI
		   <dazed> That's okay ... I know how
		   these things happen.

SERENA flashes him a quick grin, then grabs Tuxedo Mask's hand in one hand
and Sailor Mars' in the other.  AMY and LITA complete the circle, and the
power begins to develop.

RYOUKO is bent over now, and AYEKA notices quickly.

                                  AYEKA
		   Ryouko?  What's wrong?

                                  RYOUKO
		   I ...

                                   LUNA
		   Sailor ...

                                 ARTEMIS
		   TELEPORT!

                                  RYOUKO
		   AGGGH!!!

The Sailors vanish in a flash of light.  RYOUKO is curled up in a ball on
the ground.

                                  TENCHI
		   RYOUKO!  What's wrong?!

                                  RYOUKO
		   <crying> I don't *KNOW*!  I --

RYOUKO begins to emit blue sparks, startling everyone, and attracting LUNA
and ARTEMIS' attention.

                                   LUNA
		   What --

The lightning flashes, and everyone vanishes, including the two cats.  A
moment later, SAILOR PLUTO materializes, and stares where they were a
moment before.

She's pissed.

                                  PLUTO
		   <like a curse> Washuu ...

Cut back to WASHUU's laboratory.  WASHUU is leaning back, a smug
expression on her face.

                              TSUNAMI (O.S.)
		   <extremely angry> WASHUU!  What have
		   you *done*?!

WASHUU, startled, whips around.  TSUNAMI (or possibly a hologram of her)
is standing immediately behind her, with an extremely angry expression on
her face.  MADELINE is nowhere to be seen.

                                TSUNAMI
		   You are going to explain to me what
		   you have done to Sasami, *now*, and
		   then you and I are going to have
		   words, *sister*.

Cut to the porch of the Tendou Dojo, where KENT is still standing.  AETHAN
and MICHAEL materialize a short distance away.  AETHAN blinks.

                                  AETHAN
		   <quiet> Minako?  <beat> Michael,
		   *where's* Minako?

                                 MICHAEL
		   She the girl with the interesting
		   outfit that was grabbing onto you?

                                  AETHAN
		   *Yes*.

                                 MICHAEL
		   Ummm ... maybe she let go before the 
		   teleportation took effect, or I
		   couldn't carry her so she got left
		   behind --

                                  AETHAN
		   <angry/scared> Michael, what usually
		   happens when you try to teleport
		   too much mass?

                                 MICHAEL
		   Well ... nothing.  <beat>  I mean, I
		   don't go anywhere, so ... so she
		   probably let go --

                                  AETHAN
		   MICHAEL!  She's lost in the *VOID*!

                                 MICHAEL
		   -- or that could have happened, too.

AETHAN is on the verge of hysterics as KENT walks towards him.

                                   KENT
		   Aethan.  Something the matter?

                                  AETHAN
		   Kent!  Have you someone who can
		   teleport handy?  Someone dear to me
		   has been --

                                   KENT
		   Not at the moment, no.  What --

There is a flash of intense light above the pond.  KENT whirls around just
in time to see the Sailors (*minus* MINAKO) and the Tenchi family drop out
of nowhere into the pond.  There is a large splash.

In the kitchen, KASUMI is preparing some food, and looks out the window.

                                  KASUMI
		   Oh my!  More guests!

SERENA crawls out of the pond first, followed quickly by LUNA, who is
*very* annoyed to be wet.

                                   LUNA
		   <muttered> The *one* time I get
		   dragged along on one of those
		   teleports is the time I get plopped
		   into the nearest body of water --

                                  SERENA
		   Luna?  <beat>  I ... feel funny ...

Cut to RANMA's room, where RANMA has gotten out of bed and is staring out
the window.  AKANE is pulling on her clothes.

                                  AKANE
		   What?  What is it?

                                  RANMA
		   You're never going to believe me.

AKANE shakes her head and limps over to look out the window herself.

Cut to the porch, where NABIKI wanders past, and looks out at the pond ...

Just as SERENA abruptly detransforms.

NABIKI is silent for a long moment, then shrugs.

                                  NABIKI
		   Aliens, demons, godesses, espers, 
		   and wizards ... of course the Sailor
		   Senshi *would* show up.

Cut to the kitchen.  KASUMI looks out at SERENA and LUNA.  For a moment, a
full moon symbol glows on her forehead.

                                  KASUMI
		   Oh, *no*.

Cut to the pond, where RAYE, AMY, and LITA also detransform after they
crawl out.

                                   LITA
		   <frightened> Amy?  Please tell me
		   you know what's going on?

AMY shakes her head, bewhilderedly.  RAYE looks around anxiously ... and
her gaze settles on AETHAN.  Before AETHAN can react, she is in his face.

                                   RAYE
		  *YOU*!  WHAT DID YOU DO?!

                                  AETHAN
		   Ms. Hino, now is not --

                                   RAYE
		   AND WHERE'S MINA?

                                  AETHAN
		   <beat; quiet> I'm not sure.  She may
		   have been lost in the teleportation,
		   because she foolishly grabbed --

RAYE slaps him with every bit of power she has in her arm.

                                   RAYE
		   You son-of-a-bitch!  You've gone
		   and gotten my friend *killed*!

AETHAN's face goes absolutely cold.

                                  AETHAN
		   And?

                                   RAYE
		   <startled> What do you mean, and?

                                  AETHAN
		   <very quiet, barely controlled>  I
		   am a monster, am I not?  I am only
		   using her to satisfy my vile lusts,
		   am I not?  Thus, my grief at her
		   loss should be minimal, should it
		   not?  I can find an equally capable
		   blood-toy anywhere, can I not?

AETHAN has been slowly moving his head towards RAYE so that instead of her
being in his face, he now looms over her.

                                  AETHAN
		   <the same> Ms. Hino, if you would
		   kindly exhibit a greater degree of
		   consistency in your bloody-minded
		   prejudice, it would be greatly
		   appreciated.

He turns away and glares at MICHAEL.

                                  AETHAN
		   <short> FIND HER.

He turns and stalks away from them.

Meanwhile, TENCHI has hauled a stricken-looking RYOUKO up onto dry land.
SASAMI (who looks extremely disoriented), MIHOSHI, and AYEKA are all
standing nearby.

                                  TENCHI
		   Ryouko?!  Are you all right?

                                  RYOUKO
		   <very weak> Tenchi ...

                                  TENCHI
		   Ryouko, what's --

                                  RYOUKO
		   Tenchi ... I don't have very long to
	 	   ... be with you ...

                                  TENCHI
		   <panicking> Ryouko, what are you
		   saying?

                                  RYOUKO
		   The darkness, Tenchi, the darkness
		   is falling ... it won't be long now
		   ... but ...

MIHOSHI is beginning to tear up, while AYEKA has a look that hovers
somewhere between skepticism and concern.

                                  TENCHI
		   Ryouko, there's *got* to be some way
		   to --

                                  RYOUKO
		   No ... you can only comfort me as I
		   go into the darkness ... Tenchi ...
		   one little kiss is all I ask --

AYEKA closes her eyes, and nods decisively.

                                  AYEKA
		   <brisk> Ryouko, I'm so sad to hear
		   that you're dying.  No, no, I'm a
		   liar ... after all, when you're gone
		   I *will* have Tenchi all to myself,
		   so --

RYOUKO bolts up.

                                  RYOUKO
		   Oh yeah?!  Is that what you think?

                                  TENCHI
		   <angry> Ryouko.

RYOUKO realizes her mistake.

                                  RYOUKO
		   I'm saved!  Tenchi, you saved my
		   life with your deep feelings for me!

                                  TENCHI
		   <flat> Great.

Cut to RANMA's room.  RANMA and AKANE are still at the window, watching
RYOUKO and AYEKA squabbling while TENCHI tries to stay out of the way.

                                  RANMA
		   <muttered> Why does that seem oddly
		   familiar?

                                  AKANE
		   Do you think we should go down and
		   say ... hello?

                                  RANMA
		   Um.  Yeah.  And I want some hot
		   water, too.

He turns away.  AKANE is still standing at the window with an apprehensive
expression.  There is an odd tension in the air.

                                  AKANE
		   Ranma?

                                  RANMA
		   Yeah?

                                  AKANE
		   ... it was nice but I don't want it
		   to happen again for a while.

There is a long silence.  RANMA finishes pulling on her pants, and walks
out of the room with a stony expression on her face.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
		   The implications of what I'd just
		   done had *finally* caught up to me.
		   For three years I had dance-stepped
		   around the issue of what I felt
		   about him ... and about *her*.  Now
		   it was out in the open ... and he
		   still hadn't said the words.  <beat>
		   And neither had I.

Cut to the staircase.  As RANMA descends, SHAMPOO steps into view, heading
upstairs.  Her expression, if possible, is even more stony than RANMA's.
RANMA flinches as he meets her gaze.

                                  RANMA
		   Um.  Hi, Shampoo.

SHAMPOO walks up the stairs very slowly, until she is standing in RANMA's
face.

                                 SHAMPOO
		   <slow, angry> Nihao, *husband*.

                                  RANMA
		   <swallows> Uh ... has Kent already
		   told you about the situation?

                                 SHAMPOO
		   Shampoo understands situation very
		   well.

                                  RANMA
		   Okay ... sorry I wasn't there to
		   greet you when you came by, but --

                                 SHAMPOO
		   Shampoo understands. <beat> Excuse?
		   Shampoo need have bath.  No feel
		   *clean* right now.

She cuts around RANMA, leaving her with a confused look on her face.
SHAMPOO continues up the stairs.  She pauses at AKANE's door.  She stares
at it with revulsion and loathing.

                                 SHAMPOO
		   <hissed> How?  *Why*?

She continues on.

Cut to an exterior view of the Helicarrier's control cockpit. Through the
windows, we can see that ANDREW is trying to ignore a very persistent
SKULD.

Cut to inside the cockpit.  ANDREW is examining sensor readings while
SKULD bugs him.

                                  SKULD
		   <English> Come on?  *Please* tell me 
		   a little bit about how this thing 
		   was built?  It flies, right?  You're 
	 	   not supposed to be building flying
		   objects this big for a few centuries
		   yet ... I mean, what does it use to
		   power the rotors?  I didn't see any
		   fissionables when I went poking in
		   the engine room, so --

                                  ANDREW
		   <Scots Gaelic> Whoever sang "Thank
		   Heaven for Little Girls" should be
		   dragged out into the street and shot.

SKULD mallets ANDREW.

                                  SKULD
		   <Scots Gaelic> *Meanie*!

BRAN steps down into the cockpit, and sees SKULD glaring at ANDREW's
unconscious form.  He nervously turns to go, but SKULD spots him before he
can.

                                  SKULD
		   <English> Hey!  Hey, do you know how
		   this ship was built?  Do you know
		   where I can find the one who built
		   it?

                                   BRAN
		   Uh ... well, that would be me, miss.

SKULD is *very* excited.  Her whole face lights up.

                                  SKULD
		   Reeeallly?!?

Cut to the front gate of the Tendou dojo.  We see KENT slip out the door,
and let out a weary sigh.

                                   KENT
		   <mumbled> Join the Planetary Defense
		   Force.  Travel to strange, exotic
		   places.  Meet interesting people --

                             KYOUSUKE (O.S.)
		   -- and threaten them?

KENT looks up.  KYOUSUKE is standing nearby with an angry expression.
There is a long silence as the two men consider each other.  KENT finally
nods.

                                   KENT
		   You look like them.

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   <blinks> Excuse me?

                                   KENT
		   Your parents.  You look like them.

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   You knew my mother and father?

                                   KENT
		   I only met your father once, very
		   briefly.  <beat>  But I did know
		   your mother.  I met her when your
		   grandfather was training me.

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   Oh.  <beat> Wait ... then, you're an
		   esper too?

                                   KENT
		   Yep.  Telepath.  I'm pretty good,
		   but not as good as your mother was.
		   <beat> Of course, she couldn't
		   communicate with anything *sapient*,
		   but ...

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   Then why would you threaten to
		   expose my --

                                   KENT
		   Oh.  That.  <beat>  Sorry.  A number
		   of things had put me in a bad mood
		   when I called.

KYOUSUKE stares at him, then shakes his head in disbelief.

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   All right, you've got me here now.
		   What do you need me for?

                                   KENT
		   You're part of my back-up plan,
		   Kasuga-san.  If all goes well, we
		   should be able to dispose of the
		   demons that have begun to infest the
		   city before they can tear open a
		   gate to bring more of their kind
		   here.

KYOUSUKE's mouth begins to hang open when KENT mentions demons.

                                   KENT
		   If we don't, we're going to have to
		   perform a major banishing ritual
		   that requires complete coordination
		   between the participants, which can
		   only be achieved by placing them in
		   a psychic link.  I'm going to show
		   you how to do it, in the event that
		   I'm killed in battle and can't do it
		   myself.  <beat>  The important thing
		   is that we have to defeat the demons
		   before they get the bright idea to
		   try and awaken something that's
		   sleeping beneath the Pacific, not
		   too far from here.

                                 KYOUSUKE
		   What?  Gojiira?

                                   KENT
		   Yes.

KENT gently guides a stunned KYOUSUKE into the dojo as we start to pull
away.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
		   I think I pity Kasuga Kyousuke more
		   than anyone else who became involved
		   in this.  Aside from the fact that
		   he had his esper abilities, his life
		   *had* really been fairly normal.  He
		   wasn't a warrior, and now he was
		   being asked to become involved in a
		   fight against opponents he'd never
		   dreamed existed.  <beat>  In any
		   event, all the players had finally
		   been drawn together ... with a few
		   key exceptions.

Cut to a shot of BELLDANDY, MARA, and KEIICHI stepping off a bus.

Cut to a shot of a deserted street.  Suddenly, a hole begins to tear in
the air, and MINAKO pushes herself through it before it seals behind her.
She gulps air like a woman rescued from drowning, and looks around
confusedly.

                                  MINAKO
		   Where *am* I?

Cut to black.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
		   And the Adversary began to make its
		   moves.

                              TO BE CONTINUED




