                       An Inevitable Outcome Feature

                           Written and Directed
                           by C. Richard Davies

                              TOGETHER AGAIN

                               1996 Chapter

                           Based on the works of
                     Naoko Takeuchi, Rumiko Takahashi,
                    Kosuke Fujishima, Matsumoto Izumi,
                             Masaki Kajishima,
                   and various interpretations thereof.

                               Incorporating
                      original characters created by
                           by C. Richard Davies

                   Dedicated to John Biles, Fred Herriot,
                              and Larry Mann.

                                 ACT FIVE

We open on blackness and silence.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   The last day of the five days that
                   shook the world dawned like any
                   other.  It ended like any other.
                   It was in the middle that the wonder
                   and the horror took place.  There's
                   a lesson in that -- things don't
                   always happen at dramatic moments.

There is a long silence.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   Nabiki ... I've never understood my
                   sister.  To be perfectly honest, I
                   don't want to.  I don't like her,
                   and I'm fairly sure it's mutual.
                   <beat> So it didn't really surprise
                   me when she wasn't willing to help
                   me with this.  Everything I have
                   about what happened there, in that
                   narrow street, comes to me from
                   Kent, through Patricia.  What my
                   sister saw, felt, and thought about
                   it is going to be lost to history.  
                   <beat>  That's life, I guess.

There is another long silence.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   I wish that I could have gotten
                   Jessica's point of view. <beat>  But
                   I'm not surprised that I didn't.

The blackness starts to recede on a field of gold-flecked gray, which 
quickly turns to white.  It is, of course an eyeball (KENT's) from which 
we are pulling back from an EXTREME close-up.  As the frame shows his 
face, we see that he is still deeply shocked by what has happened a few 
seconds before.

                               NABIKI (O.S.)
                   She ... what did she just do?

KENT turns to look at NABIKI, who is kneeling beside where NINIANE's body 
was, feeling the still warm ground.  Above them, the sky is beginning to 
cloud over.

                                   KENT
                   She --

JESSICA is standing frozen in place.

                                  JESSICA
                   She decided to off herself so I
                   couldn't kill her at my leisure.
                   And they call me sadistic -- who
                   deprived who of fun?

KENT turns to look at her, yet does not quite meet her eyes.  He keeps his 
gaze on her neck and shoulders.

                                   KENT
                   <slow> That's not quite the whole
                   story, Jessica.  <beat> But then,
                   you've a knack for only knowing
                   part of the story, haven't you?

                                  JESSICA
                   Oooh, was that an insult?

                                   KENT
                   Niniane ... converted her body and
                   spirit into pure energy.  Most of it
                   went into me --

                                  JESSICA
                   Kinky.

                                   KENT
                   -- where it ... I guess you could
                   say that it wrote some new data to
                   my brain.  I'm still assimilating
                   it.  <beat>  But part of it went
                   into a certain spell that she'd
                   cast.

JESSICA's eyes jerk.

                                  JESSICA
                   What?

                                   KENT
                   That spell isn't going to die, just
                   because its caster has.  I'd say
                   that there was enough power to make
                   it last ... oh, a day and a half.
                   <beat>  Come on, Nabiki ... I think
                   we should go back to the dojo.

NABIKI stands up, and heads over to where KENT is standing, taking great 
care to not to come into contact with JESSICA.  She brushes against KENT's 
back, however, and jerks back as though burnt.

                                   KENT
                   Sorry.

NABIKI looks at him with a very uncertain expression, then looks down at 
the ground.

                                  NABIKI
                   Excuse me ... aren't those your
                   glasses?

                                   KENT
                   Oh.  Yes, they are.  Niniane must
                   have picked them up ... earlier.
                   A chameleon spell works better if
                   you have a few belongings of the
                   subject.

He bends down to pick them up.

                                  JESSICA
                   <certain> You're not going to just
                   leave me like this.

                                   KENT
                   Oh?

                                  JESSICA
                   This is what we were *born* for,
                   Kent.  Final battle between --

                                   KENT
                   -- between a tired old man and a
                   slightly younger woman with an
                   obscure grudge?  I'll pass, thanks.

He turns to go.

                                  JESSICA
                   Good and evil!  I'm evil!

                                   KENT
                   No, you're psychopathic.  There's a
                   difference.

He starts to limp away.

                                  JESSICA
                   You're going to just let me go?
                   After everything I've done --

                                   KENT
                   You haven't done anything that I can
                   do anything about right now.  I may
                   come back with a warrant for your
                   arrest in a bit.  Who knows?

                                  JESSICA
                   Very funny.  <beat>  *I* let the
                   Adversary into this world ...

                                   KENT
                   Really?  Is that how you see it?

                                  JESSICA
                   If I hadn't stopped that demon from
                   inter--

                                   KENT
                   Then it would still have come.  Now
                   is when the Adversary was going to
                   come.  <beat>  Don't try to take
                   "credit" for the Adversary's deeds,
                   Jessica.  I'm going to be discussing
                   the Adversary's actions with it very
                   shortly.

He takes another step away.

                                  JESSICA
                   <disbelieving> You're going to
                   confront the Adversary. <beat>
                   You're crazy.  <to NABIKI> You are
                   walking with a crazy person, you
                   know that?

                                  NABIKI
                   You're not quite Ms. Mental Health,
                   you know?

                                  JESSICA
                   Shut up inconsequential person.
                   <beat>  You'll be destroyed.  You
                   are nothing to something like
                   that.  Less than nothing.

                                   KENT
                   I can only try.  And besides, you
                   want me dead, remember?

He takes another step away.

                                  JESSICA
                   At *my* hands, damn your hide!  You
                   are taking away the only thing that
                   *matters* to me!  I have only *ever*
                   lived for the possibility that one
                   day I would be able to eke out my
                   vengeance on you!

                                   KENT
                   I know.

He takes another step.

                                  JESSICA
                   COME BACK HERE!  This fight ... this
                   fight with you is all that I have!
                   It's the only reason I'm alive!

KENT slowly turns to look at her, with an expression on his face that one 
might almost call sympathetic.

                                   KENT
                   Then you should find something else
                   to live for, or you'll probably die.

He turns away again, and keeps right on walking this time.  NABIKI 
follows, almost trailing him as though ready to catch him if he falls.  
Before they are out of sight, JESSICA lets out a fearsome howl that stops 
NABIKI in her tracks.  KENT keeps right on going, and NABIKI follows after 
a moment.  JESSICA is standing in her frozen position.  Even her face, 
aside from her mouth, is paralyzed.

But not, it seems, her tear ducts.

Cut to the entrance of the Tendou dojo, just as it begins to rain.  KENT 
approaches the gate slowly.

                                   KENT
                   ... when the weather agrees with
                   your mood ... do you know what
                   they call it?

                                  NABIKI
                   No, I don't really --

                                   KENT
                   Pathetic fallacy.  <beat>  Go on
                   in.  I need to be alone for awhile.

NABIKI heads into the dojo with a sigh of relief.  KENT slowly looks up 
into the sky.

                              MCGOVERN (O.S.)
                   Did she hurt?

KENT looks back down.  MCGOVERN has approached him without making a sound, 
and is standing nearby with a sad expression on his face.  A long moment 
passes.

                                   KENT
                   You knew.

MCGOVERN gazes unblinkingly at him.

                                   KENT
                   You knew ... and you never said a
                   damn thing to me.  <beat>  Or to
                   her.

                                 MCGOVERN
                   In your case ... she asked me not
                   to.  <beat>  In hers ... telling her
                   would have deprived her of her
                   freedom to choose.  Which in a way
                   is what this is all about, isn't it?
                   <beat>  And I didn't *know*.  If the
                   next twenty-four hours don't work
                   out in the right way, the line that
                   leads to where I'm from will never
                   exist.

There is another long moment.

                                   KENT
                   What's it like?  Harmony, I mean?

                                 MCGOVERN
                   <shrugs> Nobody's hungry, nobody's
                   angry.  Other than that, there
                   aren't any words.

                                   KENT
                   Do you ever let people visit?

                                 MCGOVERN
                   Yes, sometimes.

                                   KENT
                   Could I --

                                 MCGOVERN
                   No.  I'm sorry, Kent.  <beat>  You
                   know why.

                                   KENT
                   <nods> Yeah.  <beat>  Call 'em back.
                   Get all the kids back here.

                                 MCGOVERN
                   They're all here, or on their way.

                                   KENT
                   Okay.  I'll come in ... in a bit.

MCGOVERN nods, and then turns to head back in.  KENT speaks without 
looking at him.

                                   KENT
                   Do you know when I'm supposed to
                   die?

MCGOVERN doesn't look at him.

                                 MCGOVERN
                   I know when all my friends are
                   supposed to die.

                                   KENT
                   That doesn't answer my question.

                                 MCGOVERN
                   <beat> Less than twenty four hours.
                   <beat> If everything goes right.

MCGOVERN heads in to the dojo.  KENT leans against the wall, staring up 
into the rain.  An astute observer might note the similarity in the way 
that his head is poised to the way that JESSICA's was, earlier.

Cut to a dark, quiet room in the TENDOU dojo.  MINAKO is kneeling beside 
AETHAN's very still form, which is covered in a blanket.  His eyes are 
closed.  We see that MINAKO is holding a small razor blade in her left 
hand.  She slowly moves her right wrist over AETHAN's mouth.  She closes 
her eyes.  Her face clenches, either in pain or anticipation of it.

                              MICHAEL (O.S.)
                   There's an safer and less messy
                   way of doing that, you know.

MINAKO looks up at MICHAEL who is standing at the sliding door.

                                  MINAKO
                   How long have you been there?

                                  MICHAEL
                   Just long enough.

He walks into the room, kneeling on the other side of AETHAN's body.  He 
holds out his hand, then wiggles his fingers expectantly.  MINAKO 
reluctantly hands over the razor.  MICHAEL stares down at it.

                                  MICHAEL
                   This one vampyre that I killed ...
                   he used these to open up his victims
                   so that no one would think it was a
                   vampyre killing the little boys.  No
                   puncture marks, no vampyre, you see?
                   <beat> Lousy way to die, bleeding to
                   death.

                                  MINAKO
                   He can ... heal the cuts, can't he?

                                  MICHAEL
                   If he makes 'em, yeah.  <beat>  But
                   like I said, there's a simpler way
                   to get him what he needs.  <beat>
                   You remember how we were fighting
                   the demons, right?

                                  MINAKO
                   <nods> Yes ... you're pretty good.

                                  MICHAEL
                   <shrug> Practice.  <beat>  But you
                   remember how I was able to just ...
                   weaken them by grabbing hold of
                   them, right?

                                  MINAKO
                   <blinks> Oh!  So you're ... sort of
                   like a vampyre, too?

                                  MICHAEL
                   Used to call myself a psi-vampyre.
                   Then I grew up.  <beat>  What I can
                   do is draw a little bit of your life
                   energy into me, and use it to ...
                   stimulate the production of blood
                   cells in my body.  Now, normally, if
                   I had too much blood in my veins,
                   I'd have a heart attack.  So ...

He makes a cutting gesture across his wrist.  MINAKO looks at him 
dubiously.

                                  MINAKO
                   I don't see why that's safer.  I
                   mean, it means *I'm* not the one
                   who's bleeding to --

                                  MICHAEL
                   I can heal myself pretty quickly.

                                  MINAKO
                   <frown> But then couldn't I just --

                                  MICHAEL
                   I can't heal anyone else, though.
                   <shrugs> My power's a selfish thing,
                   that way.

MINAKO swallows.

                                  MINAKO
                   I dunno ... <quick> It's not that I
                   don't trust you to be nice about
                   taking my energy, but ... <beat>
                   Maybe I should just ask Serena to
                   heal him.

                                  MICHAEL
                   Uh ... don't take this the wrong
                   way, but does the "healing" your
                   friend can do have any religious
                   overtones?

                                  MINAKO
                   Well, she *is* the Messiah, but --

                                  MICHAEL
                   <rubs head> I really didn't wanna
                   know that.  <beat>  Look, vampyres
                   and religion just don't mix.

                                  MINAKO
                   I *know* that, but --

MICHAEL stares at her for a long moment, before a concerned expression 
starts to develop on his face.

                                  MICHAEL
                   <slow> You're pretty concerned about
                   me slitting my wrists for a person
                   who was about to slit her own.

                                  MINAKO
                   <quiet> It's different when you have
                   to watch.  When it's being done to
                   you, you don't have time to think
                   about it ... but when all you can do
                   is watch --

                                  MICHAEL
                   Stop it.  <beat>  Look ... I don't
                   know what you've been through.  And
                   I shouldn't pry.  Some questions,
                   you just don't ask, in my line of
                   work.  <beat> But I do know that
                   this guy ...

He touches AETHAN's unmoving face gently.

                                  MICHAEL
                   This guy loves you.  He loves you
                   more than I've seen him love anyone
                   in the world -- and I would've sworn
                   up, down, and sideways that he was
                   crazy in love with Celestine.

                                  MINAKO
                   <concerned> Who's Celestine?

                                  MICHAEL
                   Chinese dragon, joined the Shadows.
                   She bought it in the end.  <beat>
                   The point is ... I don't wanna know
                   what'd happen to him if he lost you.
                   <beat>  So please let me be a noble
                   idiot and take the risks, okay?

MINAKO looks down at AETHAN, whose face is almost tranquil, and sighs.

                                  MINAKO
                   Okay.  <beat>  Does what you do ...
                   hurt, much?

                                  MICHAEL
                   Only a li--

                                  MINAKO
                   <very quick> I don't mind if it
                   hurts.  <beat>  I ... don't mind.

                                  MICHAEL
                   <suddenly uncertain> Okay ... um,
                   gimme your hand.

She extends her hand across AETHAN's chest, and he takes her by the 
wrist.  Blue lightning seems to crackle around his fingers, and MINAKO 
lets out a little gasp.  MICHAEL's eyes start to glow, faintly.  A few 
seconds pass.

                                  MICHAEL
                   Okay, that should be enough.

                                  MINAKO
                   <dazed> You're sure?

MICHAEL closes his eyes, and flinches, sharply.  When his eyes open, they 
aren't glowing anymore.

                                  MICHAEL
                   <tight> Yep.  It's enough.

His skin is turning bright red, and the arteries in his left arm are 
standing out to a frightening degree.  He positions his wrist over 
AETHAN's mouth.

                                  MICHAEL
                   <in obvious pain> Could you hold
                   his lips open, please?

MINAKO, who still seems a bit out of it, reaches up to pull AETHAN's lips 
back from his teeth -- which are still fanged.  MICHAEL taps the artery in 
his wrist on one of the fangs, causing it to burst open, shooting the 
thick red blood into AETHAN's mouth.  MINAKO watches with a certain 
horrified fascination.  MICHAEL's skin fades back to its normal pale hue, 
and the tension seems to flow out of his body.  After a moment, he slips 
his other hand over his wrist, and pulls away.

                                  MICHAEL
                   <tired> Thaaaat's enough of that.

                                  MINAKO
                   Is it enough, do you think?

                                  AETHAN
                   <very tired> I imagine so.

AETHAN's eyes are half-lidded, and he still seems rather pale.

                                  MINAKO
                   <overjoyed> Aethan!

She embraces him, and he smiles thinly at her, while making "scoot" 
gestures in MICHAEL's direction.  MICHAEL wearily flashes him an "okay" 
gesture, and heads out of the room, sliding the door shut behind him.  He 
looks down at the wrist that he cut, seeing another fresh white scar added 
to several old ones.

Back in the room.

                                  MINAKO
                   Are you sure it's enough.

                                  AETHAN
                   Of course.  I just need a little
                   rest, now, so --

                                  MINAKO
                   <flat> Liar.  <beat>  You don't
                   sleep, so why should you need rest?

AETHAN stares at her for a moment, then lets out a weary sigh -- thus 
showing that his fangs, while not as prominent as they were earlier, are 
still in evidence.

                                  AETHAN
                   There is a certain logic to your
                   position.  <beat>  However --

                                  MINAKO
                   And you're still too weak to move
                   ... which means you're much too weak
                   to stop me.  <beat>  Wellll?

Long silence.

                                  AETHAN
                   You're quite sure that you want to
                   do this?

                                  MINAKO
                   <firm> Yes.

                                  AETHAN
                   <resigned> All right.

He beckons her closer.  She lowers her neck to his mouth.  He kisses her, 
once.

                                  AETHAN
                   <muffled> I'll make it as painless
                   as possible.

                                  MINAKO
                   <whispered> I don't mind.

A second later, she lets out a little gasp.

Cut to RAYE, sitting in the dojo, looking at the sliding door with an 
apprehensive expression.

                              SHAMPOO (O.S.)
                   Hey, barely-know girl.  You want to
                   watch door all night or play cards?

RAYE turns back to look at SHAMPOO, who is sitting with URD and AYEKA.  
URD has produced a poker dealer's cap from somewhere.

                                   RAYE
                   Oh, I'm quite ready to play a fair
                   game --

She glares first at AYEKA and then at SHAMPOO.

                                   RAYE
                   -- as long as the two of you don't
                   try that "I've never played this
                   game before" scam *again*.

                                   AYEKA
                   <blinks> But I haven't!  Really.
                   <beat>  Granted, one can claim
                   familiarity with a rather similar
                   game ... *some* familiarity ...

                                   RAYE
                   Yeah, right, *that's* why you've
                   still got half your chips and I --

                                    URD
                   Now, now, like I once told Bradey,
                   "Never count your money when you're
                   sitting at the table; there'll be
                   time enough for counting when the
                   dealing's done."

                                   RAYE
                   Who's Bradey?

                                    URD
                   <ignores her> Let's play cards!

We take a brief tour of the dojo, seeing UKYOU and LITA talking, busily 
exchanging recipes; RANMA and TENCHI discussing something -- probably 
fighting, while DARIEN and RYOUKO watch on from opposite sides.  SASAMI is 
curled up in the corner, half-asleep, while MIHOSHI is all the way there.

KYOUSUKE sits a little apart from all of the others -- he's older than 
anyone there (at least, older than anyone there *seems* to be) and not 
really comfortable with people who are so open about their powers.  
Finally, he gets up and heads out.

Cut to KYOUSUKE walking down the hallway, rubbing the back of his head.  
He passes a window, and pauses to stare up at the sky.

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   <muttered> But what if she was
                   right?

                               ANDREW (O.S.)
                   Right about what?

KYOUSUKE turns to see ANDREW standing a little bit away.

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   Oh.  Good evening, Delafontaine-san.
                   I was just ... thinking about some
                   stuff.

                                  ANDREW
                   Oh.  Okay.

He turns and starts to head away.  KYOUSUKE blinks.

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   Uhhh ...

                                  ANDREW
                   <looks back> Yeah?

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   You're not gonna press for details?

                                  ANDREW
                   <blinks> I'm sorry, you must have
                   me confused with some wise old
                   guidance counsellor you once knew.

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   Uh ... sorry.  It's just that ...
                   well, you do remind me a bit of
                   my grandfather, and he always
                   poked into everything.

                                  ANDREW
                   Nasty habit some old fogies have.

KYOUSUKE nods.

                                  ANDREW
                   You callin' me an old fogie, kid?

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   Ah ... uh ... well -- NO!

                                  ANDREW
                   <resigned> Okay, whatever.  If you
                   really feel the need to unburden
                   yourself, I'll listen.

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   Uh ... thanks.  I guess.  <beat>
                   Well, it kind of has to do with
                   my grandfather.  Before I came here
                   at Masefield-san's ... um, request,
                   my grandfather ... well, I asked
                   him if he'd done some sort of
                   matchmaking, to get me involved with
                   my fiancee.

                                  ANDREW
                   Huh.  This an ESPer thing?

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   Right.  <beat>  You know about this
                   sort of thing?

                                  ANDREW
                   <snort> Young man, you are talking
                   to the world's foremost non-ESPer
                   expert on ESPers. <beat> Your lady
                   has no Power, right?

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   If she has, she hasn't told me
                   about it.

                                  ANDREW
                   Okay, we'll proceed assuming that
                   she doesn't.  Dumb, but simpler.
                   <beat>  Up until maybe a generation
                   or two ago, most of the lines of
                   ESPers, all over the world, were
                   busily intermarrying in an attempt 
                   to breed an ultimate power.  Das
                   Ubermensch.  Unfortunately, what
                   they usually wound up producing
                   was a kid who could do one thing
                   well -- like, telekinesis -- and was
                   lousy at everything else -- like, 
                   speech.  And thought.

KYOUSUKE flinches a bit at that.

                                  ANDREW
                   I know, I shouldn't be so blunt.  It
                   wasn't until maybe ... geez, twenty
                   years ago that the other possibility
                   occurred to them.  <beat>  You see,
                   what an ESPer has is a set of genes
                   for power.  A set that are dominant.
                   <beat>  But who's to say that a NON-
                   ESPer won't have the same set of
                   genes ... only recessive?

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   I ... don't know all that much about
                   genetics.

                                  ANDREW
                   <shrug> Me neither.  I'm tellin'
                   you what Kent told me.  <beat> Lemme
                   put it like this.  You have *active*
                   powers.  Someone that you meet when
                   you're walking down the street could
                   have *latent* powers of the same
                   kind, which will never become active
                   in their lifetime, but which could
                   be passed on to their children ...
                   and if their other parent was an
                   ESPer, they'd have the best of both
                   worlds.  You see where I'm coming
                   from?

KYOUSUKE nods, but doesn't look any happier.

                                  ANDREW
                   Now, if the person has really strong
                   latencies, you might be able to see
                   some *really* low level ESPer
                   activity.  <beat>  That's how Kent
                   lost his first girlfriend.  Her
                   father -- real psychic overlord
                   type -- was all set to get them
                   hitched, when she fell in love with
                   this guy she met hiking in the
                   mountains around their home.

KYOUSUKE looks up, a bit startled.

                                  ANDREW
                   Now, the father's furious, he's
                   seeing his little dynasty dissolve
                   before his eyes -- but he loves his
                   daughter, so he gives her guy a
                   chance to prove himself.  I don't
                   know the specifics, but the guy
                   shows enough interesting latencies
                   to get the girl's father interested,
                   and like that, he tells her to dump
                   Kent like a hot potato.

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   That's ... surprising.

                                  ANDREW
                   Yeah, Kent was pretty upset, but
                   he started to rationalize it.  It
                   helps that he did some studies, and
                   figured out that there was a chance
                   that any kid he had with this girl
                   would probably have more power than
                   any human being can handle.  Both
                   lines were approaching some limiting
                   point, where ... ah, I'm getting off
                   topic.  <beat> Anyway, Kent told me
                   this a while back, after the old guy
                   asked him to check up on a girl he
                   was interested in getting together
                   with his grandson.  *Really*, really
                   strong latencies.

KYOUSUKE lets out a despairing sigh.

                                  ANDREW
                   So he went to New York, and "checked
                   up" on her.  Nice girl.  Little
                   flaky, but ... anyway, Kent figured
                   that the best thing to do was to
                   tell him that the latencies weren't
                   really worth disrupting this kid's
                   life over.  She seemed fairly happy
                   in Manhattan ... which is probably a
                   power in and of itself, but --

KYOUSUKE is staring at ANDREW with shock.  ANDREW finally notices.

                                  ANDREW
                   <blank> What?

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   Uh ... tell me more about that ...
                   "limiting point".

                                  ANDREW
                   <shrugs> I dunno a lot about it.  At
                   a certain level, the various powers
                   either meld into one, unified power
                   that's beyond pretty much anyone's
                   ability to control -- or they
                   become completely incompatible.
                   <beat> For instance, if you bred a
                   truly badass telepath with someone
                   who had a mental shield like you
                   wouldn't believe, their children
                   might wind up being completely
                   latent.

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   How is this known?  I mean?

                                  ANDREW
                   Name Tunguska mean anything to you?

KYOUSUKE thinks for a moment, then visibly remembers.

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   <startled> ESPers did that?

                                  ANDREW
                   Like I said, all the ESPer families
                   were trying to breed gods.  In
                   Russia ... well, they succeeded.
                   And with a nuclear explosion, the
                   god they created left the world
                   forever. <beat> Same bunch that
                   gave the world a guy named Dr.
                   Michel Andropov, would-be world
                   conqueror.

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   No way ... there are actually people
                   like that?

                                  ANDREW
                   <laconic> Yep.  And the really
                   annoying thing is, they're damn
                   hard to kill.

Cut to the kitchen.  PATRICIA is huddled in the corner, almost in a fetal 
position.  She is crying, quietly.  KASUMI slowly enters the kitchen, and 
starts to see her there.

                                  KASUMI
                   Patricia-san?

PATRICIA looks up, but doesn't say anything.

                                  KASUMI
                   <concerned> What's wrong?

PATRICIA shakes her head.

                                  KASUMI
                   You don't want to tell me?

PATRICIA shakes her head *quickly*.

                                  KASUMI
                   <understanding> You *can't* tell me.
                   You don't have the words.

PATRICIA nods.  KASUMI nods once, then comes to sit down on the floor 
beside her.  Slowly, and with great tenderness, she embraces the younger 
girl.

                                  KASUMI
                   It's all right.  You don't have to
                   tell me.

                                 PATRICIA
                   <quiet> Kasumi-san?

                                  KASUMI
                   Yes?

                                 PATRICIA
                   What would you do if you found out
                   that someone you loved had lied to
                   you?  <beat>  A lot?  A big lie?

                                  KASUMI
                   I'd probably ask her why she had 
                   done that.

                                 PATRICIA
                   Oh.  <beat>  Well ... what if you
                   knew why they'd done it ... sort of
                   ... but they didn't know that you
                   knew?

                                  KASUMI
                   Then I'd let ... him know that I
                   knew, and hope that his explanation
                   was better than the reason why I
                   thought he'd lied to me.

                                 PATRICIA
                   But ... what if ...

A long pause.

                                  KASUMI
                   Yes?

                                 PATRICIA
                   ... what if you were afraid to ask?

                                  KASUMI
                   I'd say to myself ... if I'm brave
                   enough to fight a demon all by
                   myself, I can ask someone I love
                   why they did something to hurt me.

Another long pause.

                                 PATRICIA
                   Thank you, Kasumi-san.  <beat>
                   Kasumi-san?  What is ... human?

KASUMI gives the question a serious moment of thought.

                                  KASUMI
                   What does it mean to be human?
                   <beat> To be human is to be aware,
                   always, even if only unconsciously,
                   of one's flaws ... and to try and 
                   transcend them, always, in one way
                   or another.  <beat>  This is how we
                   are unlike the monsters who call
                   themselves gods.

                                 PATRICIA
                   Ara?

Cut to the roof of the dojo, where BELLDANDY is sitting, watching the 
stars.  KEIICHI pokes his head through one of the holes in the roof, and 
sees her.

                                  KEIICHI
                   <quiet> Belldandy?

She turns to him quickly, and lets out a sigh of immense relief.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   Keiichi-san!  Thank goodness you're
                   all right!

KEIICHI climbs out onto the roof, and makes his way over to where she is.  

                                 BELLDANDY
                   I was worried that *she* would not
                   permit you to see me ...

                                  KEIICHI
                   Uh, no ... she's let me have the run
                   of the house.  <beat>  Uh, Belldandy
                   ... Tendou-san really does seem like
                   a nice person ...

                                 BELLDANDY
                   <shakes her head> Don't be taken in
                   by appearances, Keiichi-san.  She is
                   of the most vile species of humanity
                   to have been ever born from Mother
                   Earth.

                                  KEIICHI
                   What?

Cut back to the kitchen.  SERENA starts to sneak in, then realizes it is 
occupied, and ducks back out, though not all the way.

                                  KASUMI
                   I'm going to tell you a story, now.
                   It may not all be true, but it is
                   what I *know*. <beat> Long, long ago
                   there was life on the moon.

SERENA jumps, but is not noticed by either of them.

                                  KASUMI
                   There was life on all the worlds of
                   this solar system.  It was an age
                   ... undreamt of.  <beat>  Within a
                   few short millennia of his birth as
                   a species, mankind harnessed the
                   hidden powers of the world, and
                   spread out throughout the *worlds*.
                   <beat> By their own will and power,
                   they pulled themselves out of the
                   muck of Earth ... and up among the
                   stars.  *By* *themselves*.  <beat>
                   And this made the gods mad with
                   envy.

Cut back to the roof.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   They called themselves godlings.
                   <beat> Because they were born with
                   a strange ability to wield the
                   hidden powers of the universe from
                   the cradle ... they felt themselves
                   to be the equal of my kindred.  They
                   spread throughout the solar system,
                   turning every world into as close to
                   a duplicate of Earth as they could,
                   caring nothing for the ecologies of
                   these worlds.  Nature existed only
                   as a tool, or an obstacle to them.
                   <beat> And as for those humans not
                   blessed with the wonder of magic?
                   They were scarcely better off than
                   animals.

Cut back to the kitchen.

                                  KASUMI
                   It was not a perfect world that man
                   created.  There was injustice and
                   inequality.  But this has been true
                   of all peoples, of all nations.  The
                   gods despised the Silver Millennium
                   not for the cruelties and horrors,
                   but because it had been accomplished
                   without their help.

Cut back to the roof.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   We watched in horror, and could do
                   nothing.  For they never invited us
                   into their lives.  There was no true
                   spiritual urge among them ... only a
                   relentless desire to push the limits
                   of what could be done.  An endless
                   crusade for more power, more wealth,
                   more of all things.  <beat>  They
                   even meddled where we will not, and
                   created true life, from lifelessness.
                   They dared.  They dared.

Cut back to the kitchen.

                                  KASUMI
                   In the end ... there arose one whose
                   soul had been given to anger, and
                   hatred, and grief ... and she tore
                   down the Silver Millennium with her
                   own hands.  <beat> And what did the
                   gods do?  They mocked us.  "You
                   never needed us before," they said
                   as millions upon millions died.
                   "You surely can't need us now."
                   They sat back, and laughed.

Cut back to the roof.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   In the fullness of time, there came
                   the Apocalypse.  One of their own
                   dealt the final blow to the rotting
                   hulk that was the civilization of
                   the godlings.  And millions upon
                   millions of innocents died in the
                   conflagration.  And we could do
                   nothing ... for they did not call on
                   us.  They called on their powers or
                   those of their rulers to save them
                   ... and those powers were fading
                   like the setting of a sun.  <beat>
                   We watched ... and wept.

Cut back to the kitchen.

                                 PATRICIA
                   <muted> Is this really a true story?

                                  KASUMI
                   It is ... and I should know.  I was
                   there.

SERENA slowly steps into the kitchen.

                                  SERENA
                   <quiet> Who were you?

KASUMI is frozen for a second, staring at SERENA in stunned horror.  
PATRICIA looks up to see who it is, and blinks.

                                  SERENA
                   <quiet> Please ... I have to know
                   who you were ...

                                  KASUMI
                   No you don't.  We are who we are ...
                   who we were should not enter into
                   it --

                                  SERENA
                   But it does.

KASUMI looks as though she wants to argue with the statement for a few 
moments ... then her resistance collapses under the sad, quiet look in 
SERENA's eyes.

                                  KASUMI
                   My name ... was Vesta. <beat> Vesta,
                   daughter of Serenity.

SERENA's eyes open even wider.  For a few seconds, absolutely nothing 
happens.

                                  SERENA
                   Did we ever meet?

KASUMI shakes her head.  Tears are beginning to pool in SERENA's eyes.

                                  SERENA
                   Then I can't know ... I can't know
                   if it's okay or not ... to call you
                   oneesama ...

KASUMI looks as though she's been hit with a mallet ... and then, for the 
first time since she began to recount her story, there is life in her 
eyes, and hope.

                                  KASUMI
                   Of course it's all right, my dear
                   sister.  Of course.

Quite suddenly, SERENA dashes forward to embrace KASUMI, startling the 
heck out of PATRICIA.  There is much shedding of tears -- not all on 
SERENA's part.

Cut to the roof.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   They cannot be trusted, ever, these
                   "godlings".  Not even in another
                   life.  <beat> We made the mistake of
                   not stopping them, then, and the
                   human race paid for it with nearly
                   twelve thousand years of darkness.
                   Even now ...

She trails off, and realizes that KEIICHI is slumped over on his side, 
fast asleep.  She sighs, and smiles.

                                KENT (O.S.)
                   I took the liberty of touching a
                   sleep spot.  I needed to speak with
                   you privately.

BELLDANDY looks up, startled, to see KENT standing on the summit of the 
roof.  His face is marked as URD saw it marked, earlier.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   Oh.  My Lord Tulkas.  I thought it
                   was you, but you seemed changed --

KENT flinches, and the marks vanish.

                                   KENT
                   My apologies.  I still don't have
                   that quite under control.  <beat>
                   I should explain, I'm *not* Tulkas.
                   <beat> Exactly. <beat>  Anymore.

BELLDANDY blinks.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   <clearly not understanding> Oh.

KENT looks frustrated for a moment, then shakes his head.

                                   KENT
                   I will explain with greater clarity
                   tomorrow, I hope.  <beat>  But that
                   isn't what I came here to talk to
                   you about.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   Your brother will not intervene
                   unless --

                                   KENT
                   That's not it either.  <beat>  I
                   need to know what you are capable
                   of.  I need to know if you'd be
                   able to ... create a gate to a
                   certain dimension.  The vimogorge
                   dimension.

BELLDANDY grows pale.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   Why?

                                   KENT
                   Because that's where the Adversary
                   is.  <beat>  Verdandi ... it's not
                   enough for me to scotch his plans
                   this time.  I have to put an end to
                   it for all time, not just my own.

BELLDANDY is silent for a long moment, studying KENT's face.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   Then it's true. <beat> The Adversary
                   is Morgoth.

The last word sounds more dire than anything imaginable.

                                   KENT
                   No.  <beat>  The Adversary *caused*
                   Morgoth.

BELLDANDY seems very surprised at this idea ... then shakes her head.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   I see.  Well.  <beat>  I do have the
                   power to do what you ask.  But ...

                                   KENT
                   Yes?

                                 BELLDANDY
                   I am under contract, and limitation.
                   <beat> If what you say is true, I
                   would have the right to break my
                   limiter ... but there is a good
                   chance that that would cause my
                   contract to be voided ...

Her gaze is drawn to KEIICHI's face ... and tears begin to form in her 
eyes.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   ... but if the Adversary is not
                   defeated ...

She looks up again.  KENT is gone.

                                KENT (O.S.)
                   I am sorry.  No one should ask such
                   a thing.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   I *shall* do it, if it necessary.

                                KENT (O.S.)
                   I know.  That's why I am sorry.

Off-screen, there is the sound of a window being pulled closed.  BELLDANDY 
seems not to notice.  She caresses KEIICHI's cheek, and finally begins to 
cry.

Cut to MINAKO, sliding a door softly closed.  She is wearing a large, 
white scarf around her neck.  She turns around.  RAYE is standing right 
behind her.

                                   RAYE
                   Hello.

MINAKO lets out a little yelp and jumps.

                                  MINAKO
                   Geez, Raye, would you mind not doing
                   that to --

                                   RAYE
                   Nice scarf.

MINAKO pauses, and almost involuntarily fingers the scarf.

                                  MINAKO
                   Isn't it just --

                                   RAYE
                   You weren't wearing it, when you got
                   here, yesterday.  <beat>  Where'd it
                   come from.

                                  MINAKO
                   <proud> From Aethan.   It's a token
                   of his aff--

                                   RAYE
                   From Aethan.  You don't say.  <beat>
                   Mina, let me see your neck.

MINAKO slowly starts to back away from her.

                                  MINAKO
                   It's not *nice* to tease people
                   about their hickeys, Raye ...

                                   RAYE
                   If it's a hickey, I'll be properly
                   embarrassed, and plead with you never
                   to tell a soul about this.  But I
                   don't think --

                                  MINAKO
                   I've noticed that.

RAYE ignores the bait, and starts reaching for scarf.  MINAKO backs out of 
the way.

                                  MINAKO
                   Raye, cut it out.

She grabs hold of one of RAYE's hands just before it touches the scarf, 
and it quickly degenerates into a wrestling match.  Finally, MINAKO jerks 
her right hand free, and slaps RAYE across the face, stopping them both 
dead in their tracks.

                                   RAYE
                   Mina, do you remember a little over
                   a year ago?

                                  MINAKO
                   Being lonely, yes --

                                   RAYE
                   <faintly desperate> There was a girl
                   in your class, and you and Serena
                   and Lita and Amy all thought that
                   she wore too much makeup.  And one
                   day you saw her without it, and her
                   face was --

                                  MINAKO
                   Shut up, Raye.

                                   RAYE
                   -- covered in bruises, bruises that
                   her boyfriend had put there.  And
                   when you went to stop him --

                                  MINAKO
                   SHUT UP, Raye.

                                   RAYE
                   -- she stopped you, and all she said
                   in his defense was `I love him'.
                   <beat> And you said, "Love shouldn't
                   hurt."

                                  MINAKO
                   This is not the same *thing* --

RAYE suddenly grabs the scarf, yanking it loose to reveal a pair of livid 
puncture marks on her throat.

                                   RAYE
                   Isn't it?  <beat>  Mina, this isn't
                   *love* ... people who hurt you like
                   this aren't *loving* you, they're
                   *using* --

MINAKO jerks back, furious.

                                  MINAKO
                   You don't know what you're talking
                   about!  I *let* him do this, he
                   needs his strength, so I let him 
                   take --

                                   RAYE
                   And what does he give you in return?
                   A *scarf*?

                                  MINAKO
                   <tight> Love isn't about what people
                   give you.

                                   RAYE
                   It's not about what they give you,
                   or what you give them, it's about
                   what you give each other, and what
                   in the *hell* can he be giving you
                   to make *hurting* you like this
                   somehow okay?!

                                  MINAKO
                   <slowly, as to an idiot> Affection!
                   <breathing deeply> I'm not like you,
                   Raye ... I can't be happy *knowing*
                   that the people I care about are
                   happy.  I need to be held.  I need
                   to be *touched*.  I need to be --

                                   RAYE
                   You can get all that from someone
                   who won't bleed you from the throat!

                                  MINAKO
                   NO I CAN'T!  NOT AFTER --

She breaks off, breathing heavily, and starts backing away from RAYE.

                                   RAYE
                   <confused> Not after --?

                                  MINAKO
                   Stay AWAY from me.  Just *stay* the
                   hell away!

She turns and runs.  RAYE starts after her ... then turns, with an 
expression of extreme anger, towards the door that she slid closed.  She 
slams it open.

                                   RAYE
                   YOU!

She blinks.

The room is empty, except for a disturbed futon.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   After that, it quieted down for the
                   night.  I had finally gotten to
                   sleep a while before any of this
                   went on, and was busy dreaming of
                   the demons I'd fought earlier that
                   day.  I'd done well -- Skuld had
                   complemented me on the way I dealt
                   with the bugs -- but it bothered
                   me how easy it had been to crush
                   the little things ... without even
                   having to think about it. <beat>
                   Adventure, I'd been told, was some-
                   one else having a terrible time far
                   away.  I felt like I was having an
                   adventure.  I hated it.

Cut to morning, in the dojo.  Everyone -- except for SOUUN and KENT -- is 
gathered there.  It is a more subdued gathering, perhaps because of the 
evil glares that KASUMI and BELLDANDY are giving one another from opposite 
sides of the room.  PATRICIA is quietly talking with SERENA, and pointedly 
ignoring ANDREW's occasional odd looks in her direction.  MINA and AETHAN 
are holding hands.  RYOUKO is busily coming between MARA and TENCHI, much 
to MARA's irritation.

KENT enters the room, slowly.  The conversations die, slowly.  He looks at 
the Gathered slowly, almost as if he's memorizing their faces.

                                   KENT
                   <slowly> The situation has changed.

SERENA slowly puts up a hand.  KENT looks at her.

                                  SERENA
                   Um ... Mr. Masefield, I'm really sad
                   about Niniane-san, ... it's a very,
                   very sad thing ... but ... I don't
                   see how it changes the situation.
                   We have to get the Adversary to stop
                   doing what it's doing, and --

                                   KENT
                   You're right, Ms. Tsukino.  The
                   situation hasn't changed ... only
                   how we have to respond to it. <beat>
                   And what we know about it.

                                   MARA
                   What's there to know?  Very old
                   demon, gotta get rid of it --

                                   KENT
                   I now know a great deal more about
                   where the Adversary came from, what
                   it truly is ... and I think that I
                   have a way to defeat it for all
                   time.

There is stunned confusion.

                                  COLOGNE
                   May I ask, what is the source of
                   this ... insight?

KENT exchanges a look with MCGOVERN.

                                   KENT
                   Niniane knew more than she revealed.
                   <beat> Until the very end, when she
                   revealed everything.  <shakes head>
                   I don't know where she got the idea
                   that she was a coward for not trying
                   to change the future that she saw --

Unnoticed by anyone, RANMA flinches, and seems to shrink in on himself.

                                   KENT
                   -- but I can understand why, now.
                   <beat> As the legends state, this
                   isn't the first time that the
                   Adversary has menaced this world.
                   Always before, it becomes bored with
                   the struggle, and quits the field.
                   The world lives.  So far, so good.
                   Can anyone see the problem, here?

MIHOSHI suddenly starts waving her hand.

                                  MIHOSHI
                   I do, I do!  <beat>  I think ... uh,
                   it's kind of like what my granddaddy
                   did with garbage on our homelands.
                   He buried it, *far* away from any
                   land or water that he was using ...
                   but eventually it got in the land
                   and the water anyway, just not when
                   he was using it, but when my daddy
                   was ... <beat> Is that right?

                                  RYOUKO
                   <muttered> This explains so much ...

                                   KENT
                   Right.

RYOUKO collapses momentarily.

                                   KENT
                   It's just putting the problem off,
                   dumping it on the next generation,
                   or maybe the one after that.  It
                   saves the world ... but it condemns
                   the children who have to grow up in
                   that world.

All of the younger people in the room, particularly SASAMI, seem a bit put 
off by that.

                                  DARIEN
                   <flat> I don't like the idea of
                   "dumping" *anything* on my children.
                   You were saying something about a
                   way to end it, once and for all?

                                   KENT
                   <nods> Right.  <pauses>  This is
                   going to get ... very strange.

                                  NABIKI
                   "Going to"?

                                   KENT
                   <ignoring her> In each of these ...
                   confrontations with the Adversary,
                   there is always one person who
                   seems to almost symbolize the
                   conflict.  The central figure.

                                  COLOGNE
                   Such as Ku-Len Sing.

                                   KENT
                   <quiet> Yes.  <beat>  But this ...
                   person ... is always more than he
                   or she seems to be.  Because it's
                   always the same person, every time.

                                  KEIICHI
                   Uh, hold it.  That makes no sense.
                   I mean, even if the Buddhists are
                   right, and a soul goes through a
                   lot of lives to deal with the karma
                   it has built up in each of them ...
                   uhhhh ... wait a minute ...

                                   RAYE
                   When you put it like that ... it
                   makes a lot of sense.

                                  KEIICHI
                   <whimper> But I'm an engineer.  I'm
                   not supposed to have spiritual
                   insights ...

Cut to somewhere grey.  WASHUU and PLUTO hover in the mists.

                                  WASHUU
                   <glum> Tell me about it.

                                   PLUTO
                   Quiet, this is important.

Cut back to the dojo.

                                   RAYE
                   But I don't even want to imagine
                   what a human soul could possibly
                   do to accumulate so much karma that
                   it would have to keep fighting a
                   hopeless battle over and over again.
                   That ... that would be worse than --

She glares at AETHAN momentarily, prompting MINAKO to cuddle even closer 
to him.

                                   RAYE
                   <quick> -- than anything.

KENT nods, slowly.

                                   KENT
                   It is.  <beat>  But ... this soul
                   is not, actually, a human soul.
                   It is ... somewhat more complicated.

                                  NABIKI
                   `Somewhat'?

KENT gives NABIKI a weary look.

                                   KENT
                   *Considerably* more complicated.
                   <beat> To understand this soul ...
                   which we will call, for the moment,
                   the Defender ... you must understand
                   the Adversary, first.

KENT closes his eyes, during the next bit.

                                   KENT
                   It was billions of years ago, that
                   the Dispute took place.  <beat> The
                   greatest of the servants of the
                   Creator considered the role that
                   life -- particularly sentient life
                   -- was to play in the unfolding of
                   the cosmos.  And was not happy with
                   what that role was.  He -- I use the
                   male pronoun, inappropriately --
                   asked the Creator to be harsher with
                   life when it developed ... to the
                   point of denying it free will.  The
                   Creator refused.  And the servant
                   turned against the master, and 
                   inspired others to do the same. 
                   <beat>  And there was a Dispute.  It
                   lasted eons.  It lasted minutes.  In
                   the end, the rebels were cast out,
                   into the universe from where they
                   had been.  And their leader became
                   the Adversary.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   That is a very old story.

                                   KENT
                   Like all things which are true, it
                   casts shadows.  <beat>  The story
                   which is not often told is what
                   happened next.  Some among the
                   Creator's servants were not ...
                   satisfied with the punishment given
                   to the Adversary and his ilk.  The
                   Adversary deserved far worse than
                   exile ... particularly into a realm
                   where he could do damage to life.
                   One of them -- the mightiest among
                   these discontents -- asked the
                   Creator to destroy the Adversary,
                   to prevent such a thing.  <beat>
                   The Creator refused.  And so there
                   was a second dispute.  This one
                   definitely lasted minutes.  The
                   discontents were likewise exiled.
                   And their leader became ... the
                   Defender.

                                  RYOUGA
                   And that's the one who's supposed
                   to fight the Adversary?

KENT nods.

                                  RYOUGA
                   <irritated> So where is he?  Where
                   is -- waitaminute.  <beat; twists
                   to point at RANMA> YOU!  Why haven't
                   you been doing your job!

                                   RANMA
                   Whaaaaat?

                                  RYOUGA
                   Don't try and deny it, you fiend!
                   Only *you* could possibly be as
                   stupid and bull-headed as to get
                   thrown out of --

                                   KENT
                   <dry> Actually, *I'm* the stubborn
                   and bull-headed one, Mr. Hibiki.

RYOUGA gives KENT a quick look, determines that he's not joking, and 
settles down.

                                  SERENA
                   You're the Defender?  Really?

KENT's face spasms, briefly.

                                   KENT
                   Sort of.  That was the name that ...
                   <beat> Niniane thought I was, at
                   least, and she had known an earlier
                   incarnation of the ... of it.

                                  SERENA
                   <confused> What do you mean, "it"?
                   It's *you*, isn't it?

>From his expression, KENT appears to be struggling with something.

                                   KENT
                   I don't know how to explain this.
                   <beat> I don't know if this is true
                   for everyone, or just for me ...
                   but each person who has taken the
                   role of the Defender has had *two*
                   souls, in a way.  One part was the
                   soul that everyone on Earth gets.
                   One per customer.  The other part
                   was the immortal part, the part that
                   was a small piece of the Defender.
                   It guides and records the doings of
                   the ... the host, I guess you could
                   call it.  <beat> So, now, while I
                   remember all of the lives that the
                   Defender has been ... they weren't
                   *me*.  But I recognize parts of
                   myself, attitudes that I thought
                   were mine *in* them ... and I'm left
                   to wonder how much of me is of my
                   own making, and how much is --

                                  DARIEN
                   <quiet> Don't think about it.

                                   KENT
                   But --

                                  DARIEN
                   Don't *think* about it.  We are who
                   we are.

KENT stares at DARIEN for a second ... then nods, slowly.

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   Ummmm ... this is really esoteric
                   stuff, and I don't actually *get*
                   most of what you're saying ... but
                   why didn't the Defender just fight
                   the Adversary alone, without all
                   these ... manipulations?

                                   KENT
                   <bitter> Either a very good or a
                   very lousy reason, depending on your
                   perspective.  Fear.

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   <did I hear that right?> Fear.

                                   KENT
                   In the reality from which the ...
                   the name is so ill-chosen ... the
                   Defender came, there was no death.
                   Nothing could be destroyed.  <beat>
                   That's not the way this universe
                   works.  *Anything* can be destroyed,
                   eventually.  The Defender and those
                   who had Fallen with him found that
                   out the hard way.  Within only a few
                   trifling millennia of their exile,
                   most of them had either been slain
                   in battle with the Adversary and his
                   ilk, or had gone back to their home
                   to plead for the Creator's mercy.
                   Well before this world's sun was
                   lit, the Defender was alone ... and
                   afraid.

                                   LITA
                   Well, yeah.  I mean, the Adversary
                   still had all its buddies with it,
                   right?

                                   KENT
                   No ... they had either fallen in
                   battle, or had separated from the
                   Adversary.  It was alone as well.

                                   LITA
                   <blink> Oh ... OHHH.  That's cute.
                   When it came down to a one-on-one
                   fight --

                                   KENT
                   The Adversary was more powerful than
                   the Defender.  A direct conflict was
                   bound to destroy it.

                                   LITA
                   <disgusted> And since it didn't have
                   any friends left to sacrifice, the
                   Defender turned into a chicken.
                   Like I said, cute.

KENT smiles a bit at LITA's anger.

                                   KENT
                   But at the same time, it *had* to
                   oppose the Adversary.  That was the
                   only reason it had for going on.

What he just said strikes KENT quite suddenly.  For a second, he stares 
into space, then shakes his head.  NABIKI realizes what he must be 
remembering, but says nothing, although there is a calculating look in her 
eye.

                                   KENT
                   Where was I?

                                  RYOUKO
                   The Defender needed to get a life.

                                   KENT
                   <dry> Thank you.

Cut to the grey space.

                                  WASHUU
                   <proud> 'At's my girl!

                                   PLUTO
                   <dry> I'd noticed.

Back to the dojo.

                                   KENT
                   So the Defender placed a little
                   bit of its essence and soul in a
                   certain lifeform.  It wasn't a human
                   being, or even anything native to
                   Earth.  It was a long way away from
                   here ... just where doesn't matter.
                   But that life form was central in
                   a struggle to check a scheme that
                   the Adversary had begun, by causing
                   it to become bored when it didn't
                   succeed at once.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Yo, question.

                                   KENT
                   Yes?

                                  RYOUKO
                   So, this Defender stops the plans of
                   this Adversary ... and the plans are
                   generally aimed at wiping out all
                   life in the universe, right?

                                   KENT
                   More or less, yes.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Then would you mind telling me what
                   the hell's so `ill-chosen' about the
                   name "the Defender"?  It's been
                   bothering me for a while.

                                   KENT
                   <blinks> Well ... because he's not
                   *defending* anything.  He's stopping
                   the plans, not because he cares
                   about humanity, but because he hates
                   the Adversary.  In fact --

                                  RYOUKO
                   <interrupting> So?

                                   KENT
                   -- that's where "the Adversary" came
                   from, it's *his* ad-- <break off>
                   What do you mean, so?

                                  RYOUKO
                   So he's stopping these plans despite
                   not caring if they succeed or not.
                   So what?

                                   KENT
                   <baffled> He's doing it for the
                   wrong reasons.  If you do the right
                   thing, for the wrong reason, it's
                   *not* good --

                                  RYOUKO
                   <irritated> Says who?  <beat>  I
                   mean, I try to stay friendly with
                   a certain Imperial snobbiness --

                                   AYEKA
                   <haughty> Since when?

                                  RYOUKO
                   <ignores her> -- not because I give
                   two shakes of a schthazi ass what
                   she thinks about me, but because
                   someone I *do* care about wants me
                   to.  Does that mean it doesn't mean
                   anything?

KENT looks at TENCHI.

                                   KENT
                   You wanna try answering this one?

                                  TENCHI
                   <lowers head> I'm not going to say
                   anything.

                                  KEIICHI
                   That's probably a very wise move.

                                  TENCHI
                   <not lifting head> Thank you.

Cut to the grey space.  WASHUU is laughing her head off.

                                   PLUTO
                   <annoyed> Would you stop that?
                   He's quite right, you know.

                                  WASHUU
                   <malicious> Oh really?  So did my
                   helping you out in the War to get
                   you off my back make whatever you
                   forced me to do less of a "good"
                   thing?

                                   PLUTO
                   <grudging> Unfortunately, yes.

                                  WASHUU
                   <malicious> But did it make *any*
                   difference at all in the outcome?

PLUTO glares wordlessly for a few seconds.

                                   PLUTO
                   <quiet> It is too soon to tell.

                                  WASHUU
                   "If it cannot be measured to signif-
                   icant figures, it is not fact ... it
                   is an opinion."  <beat>  All this
                   bunkum about "the work becomes
                   corrupt" is stuff people made up to
                   make people *want* to be selfless 
                   and noble and decent, and to feel
                   guilty about not being that way all
                   the time.  The universe looks at
                   actions, not at motives.

                                   PLUTO
                   <angry> I said that it was too soon
                   to tell.  Ask me again in a thousand
                   years, and I may be able to answer
                   with more *precision*.

Cut back to the dojo.

                                   KENT
                   In any event, I just don't believe
                   that it's appropriate.  I'll use it,
                   because I don't have a better one
                   handy, but I don't think that it's
                   *right*.

RYOUKO shrugs.

                                   KENT
                   Right.  <beat> And that's how it's
                   been happening for ... many billions
                   of years.  The Defender is born into
                   human form, struggles against the
                   schemes of Adversary, and ... <beat>
                   Sometimes the Defender stops the
                   Adversary's proxies completely.  Not
                   often, but sometimes.  More often,
                   the proxies succeed, but it takes so
                   long that --

                                    AMY
                   <interrupts> -- the Adversary loses
                   interest.  Mr. Masefield ... I think
                   we understand.  I'm not sure if I
                   believe everything you're saying,
                   but I don't have any reason to think
                   you a liar either.  But I think we
                   should focus on your plan to defeat
                   the Adversary, rather than focus on
                   past defeats.

                                   KENT
                   All right.  I just wanted to make
                   sure you all understood what you
                   were getting into. <beat> What makes
                   *this* life different from all the
                   others that I've lived is that I
                   know all of this.  And I know where
                   the Adversary *is*, as well.  <beat>
                   After it came to Earth, it retreated
                   to the dimension of the vimogorges
                   -- the creatures that it used to
                   blow up the railway station.  It
                   opened up a path for three of them,
                   and assorted "lowlife" of that
                   dimension followed.  <beat>  But the
                   Adversary stayed in that dimension,
                   observing.

                                  AETHAN
                   Then we have a serious problem.  I
                   have studied accounts of these
                   creatures, and *no* *one*, to my
                   knowledge, knows how to open a
                   portal to their dimension.  They
                   only come through by accident.

                                   KENT
                   I know.  But I know how now.

                                  AETHAN
                   How?  Did Niniane --

                                   KENT
                   No, but Jessica's mind was like an
                   open book.  She *saw* the Adversary
                   open the portal -- <to RANMA> taking
                   your school's master along, by the
                   way -- and understood basically how
                   to repeat it.  The problem is, it is
                   beyond almost any power that we
                   possess.

                                    URD
                   Uh ... almost?  <beat> Waitaminnit.

She turns to look at BELLDANDY with a shocked expression.  BELLDANDY draws 
in a deep breath.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   I have conferred with the Allmighty,
                   and he has agreed to provide me with
                   the power to open a portal to the
                   vimogorge dimension.  I will not be
                   able to hold it closed against
                   intruders from the other side,
                   however.

                                   KENT
                   That's all right, I have something
                   else in mind for that.  Now --

                                    URD
                   Really?

BELLDANDY looks at her sister in surprise.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   Do you think that I'd break the
                   rules by not asking first, Urd?

                                    URD
                   Well ... no ...

                                  KEIICHI
                   <nervous> Are you sure that you'll
                   be all right, channeling that much
                   power?  When you first arrived --

                                 BELLDANDY
                   Of course I will, Keiichi-san.
                   <beat> Everything will be all right.

SKULD looks at her older sister for a few seconds.

And knows.

She opens her mouth to say something ... then closes it, firmly.

                                   KENT
                   The problem is that in order to get
                   a fix on the exact location of this
                   dimension ... we have to capture one
                   of the two remaining vimogorges
                   *alive*.

MARA is smiling widely but there is a frantic look in her eyes.

                                   MARA
                   Wait.  Wait.  Lemme see if I've got
                   this right.  You're going to *catch*
                   a species of demon that even the
                   *rest* of us know to avoid, use some
                   kind of ritual to open a place to
                   where the things live, and then *go*
                   there to confront a primal force of
                   evil.

                                   KENT
                   Yes, my theory is that the Adversary
                   will be so startled by a direct
                   confrontation that a sufficiently
                   powerful force will be able to
                   overcome it long enough to dictate
                   terms.

                                   MARA
                   Oh really.  So who you planning on
                   sending on this journey up a certain
                   creek?  No, wait, lemme guess --
                   you're going yourself.

                                   KENT
                   That is my plan.

MARA bursts out into hysterical laughter, which only begins to fade as she 
realizes that no one else in the room finds this even remotely amusing, 
and that BELLDANDY is looking at her with a very sad expression.  MARA 
stares at KENT.

                                   MARA
                   You're insane.  <beat>  No, I take
                   it back, you're not insane, you're
                   dead.  I am sitting here, talking to
                   a dead man.  You're gonna die there,
                   down in the darkness.  You do know
                   this, right?

                                   KENT
                   I'm aware of the possibility --

                                   MARA
                   Fuck possibility, it's a certainty!

There is a long pause.

                                   KENT
                   A virtual certainty, yes.

PATRICIA suddenly stands up on the other side of the room, staring at KENT 
with horror for a long moment -- then turning to dash out of the room.

                                   MARA
                   <grinning> Sure looks like someone
                   wasn't aware of --

KENT's face has the markings of a demon.

                                   KENT
                   Be.  *SILENT*.

MARA blinks.  KENT's face has returned to normal, but he is still scowling 
at her.

                                   KENT
                   Now, unless there are any serious
                   objections, I'd like to describe
                   my plan ...

Cut to the streets of Nerima.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   His plan didn't really impress *me*
                   as a model of sanity either, and
                   I'd like to think that I'm a little
                   saner than a demon.  <beat>  We went
                   out, as before, but this time the
                   words "low profile" weren't in our
                   vocabulary.

RYOUKO zips leisurely through the sky.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   The plan was to make enough "noise"
                   to attract the attention of one of
                   the vimogorges ... then the lucky
                   one to actually find them would use
                   the communicators we were given to
                   signal "headquarters" -- my home --
                   and the three goddesses would come
                   to the scene at once.  <beat>  Only
                   a few of the really heavy hitters
                   were left to guard the goddesses --
                   Sailor Moon (whose friends had to
                   almost tie down to get her to stay
                   behind), Kent, and the demoness.

AETHAN walks along, tossing a ball of fire from hand to hand.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   What was on everyone's mind, but
                   what no one wanted to say, was "what
                   if the goddesses don't get here soon
                   enough?" <beat> Because the answer
                   was pretty obvious.

Cut to the kitchen, with KASUMI looking out the window nervously.

Cut to a room inside the home.  We see KENT's legs, and hear a rustling of 
cloth.  A few seconds later, his shirt drops to the floor.  There is the 
sound of another garment being pulled off of a hanger, and put on.  Our 
point of view changes to show KENT looking at himself in a mirror as he 
buttons up a vest with many pockets and no sleeves.  Something about the 
light makes his skin seem almost bronzed.  He reaches up to take off his 
glasses ...

... and a hand touches his shoulder.  KENT jolts.

                                   KENT
                   Please don't touch me, Ms. Tsu--

KENT's eyes suddenly dilate.

A flash of images run across the screen, far too quickly to make out that 
they are quick flashes from the final battle against Beryl.

KENT whirls around to stare at SERENA, shocked.  For her part, SERENA 
seems embarrassed.

                                  SERENA
                   Uh, sorry, really, I didn't know --

                                   KENT
                   <muttered> My telepathy is still in
                   overdrive as a result of -- <beat>
                   That doesn't matter.  What *are*
                   you?

                                  SERENA
                   ... huh?

                                   KENT
                   W-when you touched me, I -- I don't
                   understand what I saw.  There was
                   this giant blue woman, and ... a
                   sense of immense sadness ...

                                  SERENA
                   Oh.  Beryl.  <beat>  She was ...
                   well, my enemy, kind of, and ...

                                   KENT
                   And you killed her.

                                  SERENA
                   <upset> No!  <beat>  That's the
                   worst part.  When I ... when I met
                   her, for the first time, I was so
                   *scared* ... but then I had to fight
                   her, and by then she had ... done
                   things to herself.  <beat>  She was
                   so ... *sad*.  All the anger, all
                   the hatred, it was just covering the
                   sadness.  <beat> She was so sad, I
                   wanted to cry.  I think I did.
                   <beat> But I knew I had to stop her,
                   so I tried to ... to heal her.  Like
                   I'd healed other people who'd given
                   themselves to darkness.  <beat>  But
                   when the darkness inside her went
                   away ... there was nothing left.
                   <beat> Do you understand?

KENT stares for a moment, then shakes his head.

                                   KENT
                   No.  <beat>  No, I don't think I do.
                   But I also don't think that's too
                   important.  <beat>  You are ... a
                   rather remarkable person, Tsukino-
                   san.  <beat>  What did you come to
                   ask me?

                                  SERENA
                   Oh.  Ah, well, I ... came to ask
                   for Patricia-san's sake --

KENT's face falls.

                                   KENT
                   I can't do anything for her.  I'm
                   sorry.

                                  SERENA
                   Yes, you can!  <beat>  She told me
                   all about you, last night, and ...
                   Mr. Masefield, she loves you so
                   much!

                                   KENT
                   Does she?

                                  SERENA
                   Yes!  <beat>  If you think you're
                   going to die, you ... you really
                   should tell her how you feel!

                                   KENT
                   I have.

                                  SERENA
                   Have you?  Then why doesn't she
                   believe you?

KENT slowly looks away.

                                   KENT
                   Because I've lied every time. <beat>
                   Very well.  <beat>  Ms. Tsukino ...
                   should I survive this, I think you
                   and I may have a great deal to
                   discuss.

He bows deeply to her, and turns to head out of the room.  He nods as he 
exits, and BELLDANDY slowly steps into the view of the door.  She turns to 
look at SERENA with a deeply suspicious expression.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   Why did you do that?

                                  SERENA
                   Because it seemed like the right
                   thing to do.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   I have a very low opinion of cupids.
                   It is seldom wise to interfere in
                   the course of --

                                  SERENA
                   You mean, interfere like your people
                   didn't, during the Silver Millenium.

BELLDANDY's eyes narrow.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   You do not know of what you speak.

                                  SERENA
                   Kasumi-oneesama told me about it.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   <very cool> As I said.

                                  SERENA
                   <ignoring her> And I thought about
                   it, and I realized something ... it
                   doesn't make any sense that the gods
                   would refuse to interfere because
                   they were jealous --

                                 BELLDANDY
                   <outraged> Jealous?  You dare --

                                  SERENA
                   <ignoring her> So the only reason
                   that made sense to me was that they
                   weren't allowed to interfere. <beat>
                   And I thought about it some more --
                   because that reminded me of someone
                   I know -- and I thought how sad that
                   would be.  To have to watch and not
                   be able to do anything.  <beat> I'm
                   sorry that happened to you.

She bows deeply, and walks out of the room, passing BELLDANDY, who is 
stunned beyond words.

Cut to greyspace.  WASHUU surreptitiously looks up at PLUTO.

                                  WASHUU
                   I wonder who she was talking about?

                                   PLUTO
                   <weary> Washuu, shut *up* ... <beat>
                   I think we need to see Masefield's
                   meeting with Delafontaine ... he may
                   let a few more hints about his plan
                   drop.

                                  WASHUU
                   <hesitant> Right.

Cut to a light-flooded room in the Tendou house.  PATRICIA is sitting in 
the shadow of the window, curled up in a ball.  KENT slowly enters, and 
looks down at her with an expression of raw pain on his face.

                                   KENT
                   Patricia, I ...

                                 PATRICIA
                   I should ask why you did it.  <beat>
                   I was told to ask why you'd done it,
                   but ... but I don't care.  <beat>  I
                   love you so much that I don't care
                   why you did it to me --

                                   KENT
                   I'm sorry I was so blunt, but --

PATRICIA looks up.  KENT lowers his gaze to avoid meeting her eyes.

                                 PATRICIA
                   I'm not talking about that, dammit!
                   I'm talking about ... I *know*, all
                   right?

KENT looks like he's been stabbed in the gut.

                                   KENT
                   You know?

PATRICIA nods angrily.

                                   KENT
                   <quiet> I see.  <beat>  I understand
                   that you must be angry, and I don't
                   expect your forgiveness ...

                                 PATRICIA
                   You don't get it, do you?  Of course
                   I forgive you, I LOVE YOU, you --

                                   KENT
                   <very controlled> Then I strongly
                   suggest that you find a very good
                   therapist.  It's not right for a
                   woman to develop a romantic fixation
                   on the man who raped her.

Dead silence.

                                 PATRICIA
                   <whispered, disbelieving> What?

                                   KENT
                   <blinks> That's ... not what you
                   were talking about.

                                 PATRICIA
                   What are *you* talking about?

                                   KENT
                   That time.  <beat> I ... without
                   your consent, I --

                                 PATRICIA
                   My *consent*?  Because I didn't say
                   anything, you think that you --

                                   KENT
                   Consent obtained by illicit means
                   is *not* consent!

                                 PATRICIA
                   What illicit means?

                                   KENT
                   I controlled your mind, all right?!

PATRICIA just stares at him.

                                   KENT
                   <quiet> Do you know about what psis
                   call `the centipede's dilemma'?  I
                   was told about it by this writer I
                   knew back when we both were regulars
                   at this bar in -- but that's not
                   important.  <beat>  If you ask any
                   psychic how he or she performs a
                   certain psychic effect, the act of
                   the psychic considering it is likely
                   to trigger it, without conscious
                   control.  <beat>  I still remember
                   it.  We had just escaped from Dr.
                   Andro's fortress.  I was tired ...
                   I was hurting.  You weren't much
                   better.  And we found a stream ...
                   running through the jungle.  You
                   wanted to wash yourself, remember?
                   So you went off into the bush.
                   <beat> And I was very tired, and I
                   was staring into the river while
                   thinking about that army of mind 
                   controlled slaves that Andro had ...
                   and his harem ... and I asked myself
                   how he was able to do it.  To warp 
                   their minds to the point where they
                   earnestly believed they were in love
                   with him.  <beat> And then I looked 
                   up and there you were and you had no
                   clothes on and it happened and I
                   took you.

PATRICIA starts to shake her head.

                                   KENT
                   If I survive this ... I advise you 
                   to press criminal charges.  I --

                                 PATRICIA
                   You ... asshole.

                                   KENT
                   <nods> I deserve that.

                                 PATRICIA
                   You fat-headed, full-of-yourself,
                   arrogant asshole.

KENT blinks.

                                 PATRICIA
                   You think that I would feel the way
                   I do about you if you had *planted*
                   that love in my *brain*?  I saw that
                   harem *too*, you know, and whatever
                   they felt, it sure as hell *wasn't*
                   love.  <beat>  I felt the way I feel
                   about you a hell of a long time
                   before any of that shit happened.

                                   KENT
                   You are rationalizing.

                                 PATRICIA
                   The hell I am!  You wanna hear it
                   from my point of view, Mr. Godlike
                   Telepath?  <beat>  I went off into
                   the bushes like you said, but I
                   came right back, and I saw you
                   staring into the water.  And you
                   looked so sad, so hurt, so ...
                   vulnerable ... and then you looked
                   up.  At *me*.  And you came to me.
                   And.  It.  Was.  WONDERFUL!

                                   KENT
                   Patricia, things don't *work* like
                   that --

                                 PATRICIA
                   You wanna know what I think?  I
                   think you were frightened by it.
                   It was the first time in God
                   knows how long that you just let
                   *go*, and I think you were scared
                   silly by how good it felt.  So you
                   invented all this shit about mind
                   control and rape to justify feeling
                   guilty.  *You're* rationalizing.

                                   KENT
                   Dammit, I *know* what I did!  I
                   seized control of your mind, and --

                                 PATRICIA
                   Then undo it.

                                   KENT
                   What?

                                 PATRICIA
                   You say you implanted the idea of me
                   being in love with you in my brain?
                   Well then you should be able to take
                   it *out* again, right? <beat; angry>
                   Come on!  Put my mind back to rights
                   so that you can at least make a
                   start on clearing some of the karma
                   you've picked up from doing this to
                   me, if you're right.  Make me stop
                   being in love with you!

KENT closes his eyes, and clenches his face.  A pulse seems to flow across 
his entire body, through the space between them, and into PATRICIA's head.

                                   KENT
                   <quiet> There.  It's done.

PATRICIA is silent.

                                   KENT
                   You see?

                                 PATRICIA
                   Try again.  Try *harder*.  <beat>
                   My God, you didn't even think these
                   rationalizations through.  I've got
                   the most powerful mental shields
                   you've ever encountered, remember?
                   YOU CANNOT TOUCH MY MIND. <beat>
                   Only my heart.

And then KENT looks up and meets her eyes.  In his, there is stunned 
amazement, mixed with horror and self-contempt, and also tremendous 
relief.

And love.  So much desire, caring, and tenderness that it would hurt your 
own heart to see it.  PATRICIA lets out a gasp.

                                 PATRICIA
                   <whispered> You looked like that.
                   You looked just like that.

She slowly and unsteadily comes to her feet, and they start to move closer 
together over KENT's words.

                                   KENT
                   <dull> You're wrong about one thing.
                   It wasn't fear of letting go.  At
                   least not all the way.  It was
                   something much more primal.  But I
                   didn't know about it until today,
                   and now.  <beat> Some of the allies
                   of the Defender were destroyed, and
                   some went back to their home to ask
                   the Creator's mercy.  But He didn't
                   just give it to them; oh no.  He
                   set tasks.  Penance.  <beat>  One of
                   the ones who went back was the most
                   beloved of the Defender.  And that
                   one was given the hardest task of
                   all.  To be born into mortal flesh,
                   whenever the Defender was ... to
                   meet with the Defender, to offer a
                   moment of peace.  To love.  <beat>
                   Time and again we have met.  You
                   were Guenhumara, Marian, Guillaume.
                   You were Rumy, Kaoru-dono, and ...
                   Mara ...

Cut to greyspace.  WASHUU closes her eyes.

Back to the room.  KENT and PATRICIA are almost, but not quite touching.

                                   KENT
                   It doesn't matter who you are.  I
                   always love you.  And there is one
                   other thing that always happens.

PATRICIA embraces him, slowly.

                                 PATRICIA
                   <soft> And that is?

                                   KENT
                   I always leave you.

His fingers flicker out, and touch a point on the side of her head.  She 
is unconscious before she realizes what is happening.  She starts to slump 
backwards, and KENT reaches to catch her --

But it's WASHUU who does.  Her face is expressionless.

In greyspace, PLUTO blinks.  She stares down at where WASHUU was sitting, 
and sees a dolly in her place.  PLUTO angrily unlimbers the Garnet Staff 
-- which she immediately recognizes as a fifteen hundred yen toy replica.

                                   PLUTO
                   <enraged> WASHUUUUUUUUU!

In the room, WASHUU lowers PATRICIA gently to the floor.  She speaks 
without looking up.

                                  WASHUU
                   You should probably get going.  She
                   could wake up any time.

KENT stares at her, and blinks.

                                   KENT
                   Callistra?

WASHUU jolts ... then nods, once.  KENT stares ... then speaks in a 
strange language.  WE DO NOT SEE HIS FACE AS HE DOES THIS.

                                 SUBTITLES
                   I am glad to see that you are still
                   alive.  <beat>  Please take care of
                   her.

WASHUU doesn't want to look up ... but she does, slowly, and stares into a 
face that is hidden from us.  From the look on her own face, her heart is 
almost breaking.  She speaks in the same language.

                                 SUBTITLES
                   I will.

Now we see KENT's face ... apparently whatever happened has passed.  He 
slowly reaches up, and removes his glasses, using the exact same motions 
that he did when he was getting ready to spar with RANMA.  He places them 
in PATRICIA's open hand, and closes it around them.

And then he turns to go.  WASHUU speaks once more.

                                 SUBTITLES
                   May the Force be with you.

                                   KENT
                   With us all, Callistra.  With all
                   of us.

He heads out the door.  WASHUU produces a blanket, and wraps it around 
PATRICIA's body.  She pauses, briefly, to look down at PATRICIA's face ... 
to touch it once ... and then rises up, produces the Garnet Staff from the 
same place, and opens a portal.  She steps through.

In greyspace, PLUTO is livid as WASHUU picks up the dolly, and takes back 
her seat.

                                   PLUTO
                   <grabs the staff> I demand an
                   explanation!

                                  WASHUU
                   <not letting go of the staff> I
                   don't have to explain a damn thing
                   to you, you heartless, sadistic,
                   fatalist, *bitch*.

And *then* she releases her hold on the staff.  PLUTO stares at her with 
outright shock which fades, turning back into fury as WASHUU meets her 
gaze with one of equal anger.

                                   PLUTO
                   You --

                                  WASHUU
                   Never.  Ever.  Give me a weapon, and
                   then expect me not to use it ...
                   especially when what you show me
                   all but demands that I do so.

PLUTO slowly gains control of herself.

                                   PLUTO
                   There will be a reckoning.

                                  WASHUU
                   Looking forward to it.

Cut to a shot of the kitchen.  MARA seems to be standing looking out the 
window.  BELLDANDY enters, slowly, with a confused expression; she sees 
that MARA is alone and seems to be at once relieved and disappointed.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   Hello, Mara.  What are you looking
                   at?

                                   MARA
                   Belldandy?

                                 BELLDANDY
                   Yes?

                                   MARA
                   There's something you should know.
                   <beat> I hate you.

BELLDANDY nods, and sighs.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   I'm aware of that, Mara.

                                   MARA
                   I hate you more than anything in
                   the world, and beyond it.  Because
                   you are good, and I am evil.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   I don't think it's that simple,
                   Mara, but --

                                   MARA
                   I would do anything to hurt you.
                   I have tried to hurt you directly,
                   and it never works.  I have tried
                   to hurt your sisters, and I have
                   tried to hurt your lover, but each
                   and every scheme has failed.

BELLDANDY starts to look a bit concerned.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   Mara, I --

                                   MARA
                   It's like anyone you care about is
                   shielded by goodness itself. <beat>
                   But you know what, Belldandy?  I've
                   finally realized that there's
                   someone you care about that you
                   can't stop me from hurting.  And
                   I'm going to hurt *her* a lot.

BELLDANDY blinks ... and then a look of horror crosses her face.  She 
dashes forward and spins MARA around.

"MARA" is in fact a wax dummy with a tape recorder strapped to the chest.

                                MARA (REC.)
                   <laughing maniacally> I got you!
                   Gatcha gatcha gatcha!

                                 BELLDANDY
                   Oh, NO!

She turns and dashes off.

SKULD and SASAMI are having juice in the dining room with NABIKI.

                                  NABIKI
                   So, Sasami-chan, tell me ... what's
                   Tenchi-san really like?

                                  SASAMI
                   Well, he's very brave and --

BELLDANDY enters the room at a dash.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   Skuld, where's Urd?!

                                   SKULD
                   Uh ... I think she said she was
                   going to go check on the dojo's
                   sake reserves or something like
                   that --

BELLDANDY says something very rude in Aesir.  SKULD's jaw drops all the 
way to the floor.  SASAMI looks *very* embarassed.

                                   SKULD
                   Oneesama?!?

BELLDANDY gains control of herself with effort.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   Mara has gone out and I think she's
                   going to try and perform the ritual
                   of resignation!

                                   SKULD
                   No way!

                                  NABIKI
                   Uh, translation for those of us who
                   don't know about divine politics or
                   whatever is going on?

                                 BELLDANDY
                   Skuld, explain, I have to find Urd.

She heads off.

                                   SKULD
                   Um ... well, after the downfall of
                   Sauron, Kami-sama offered to let
                   any of his servants return to the
                   fold ... but he required them to
                   perform a ritual to show their
                   sincerity.  Most of them didn't, but
                   the offer still stands, even to
                   their descendants.

                                  NABIKI
                   So what's going to happen if she --

                                   SKULD
                   All her power will be expended at
                   once, and she'll become a low-class
                   goddess --

                                  NABIKI
                   So what the hell is the problem?
                   The vimogorge doesn't eat gods ...
                   at least that's what Niniane said
                   earlier.

                                   SKULD
                   It's not that they don't, it's
                   that they can't.

                                  NABIKI
                   I still don't see what the big fuss
                   is ...

                                  SASAMI
                   Well ...

                                   SKULD
                   Well what?

                                  SASAMI
                   <quick> Nothing.  <beat>  But ...
                   could a low class goddess do that
                   thing that Mr. Masefield was --

                                   SKULD
                   <dismissive> No way!  It'd blow her
                   to bits!

                                  SASAMI
                   What if she didn't care?

SKULD stares at SASAMI with a startled expression.

Cut to the streets.  MICHAEL is making short-range teleports as he walks 
along the sidewalk.  Every few steps he shimmers and reappears a few yards 
ahead of where he was before.

                                MARA (O.S.)
                   <sweetly> Oh Mr. Viiiiiimogorge?
                   Nice tasty demon right here!

MICHAEL stops in his tracks.  He looks around, trying to find the source 
of the voice.

                                MARA (O.S.)
                   Yummy yummy daughter of Angur Boda,
                   right here for the taking!

MICHAEL hurries up to the next intersection.  He looks down the street and 
sees that MARA is floating along the middle of it, just above the ground, 
just in front of the Nekohanten.

                                   MARA
                   I'm so darn scrumptious I almost
                   wanna eat myself and save you the
                   trouble!

                                  MICHAEL
                   What the hell?

                                   MARA
                   <seductive> And you know what ...?
                   I'm wearing a brand new pair of ...
                   clean ... white ... *panties*.

MICHAEL stares at MARA ... and then looks up as he hears a distant, faint 
thunder.  His expression is baffled.

MARA is caressing herself, shifting sensuously.

                                   MARA
                   Ooooh ... they're so *soft* and yet
                   soooo *tight* ... mmmm ...

The thunder is no longer so distant.  MICHAEL turns his attention away 
from MARA's display (he seems unaffected but a bit embarassed) and looks 
up to see --

A literal wave of small creatures with hooves and horns, approaching at
high speed.

                                  MICHAEL
                   <panicked> Oh, shi--

And the wave crashes on him.  MICHAEL uses telekinetic blows to ward off 
the little demonlings, but there are just too many of them, and he soon 
finds himself overwhelmed.

The wave continues towards MARA, and she casually blasts any that get 
closer than a few meters of her.

                                   MARA
                   <cooing> Oh, no ... sorry, guys,
                   but I'm saving myself for the big
                   guy ...

Elsewhere, we see that the others are dealing with a similar yet less 
intense infestation of the creatures.  They are hard-pressed but handling 
it well.  Our attention focuses on AETHAN, who is cutting through hordes 
of the little things with an irritated expression.

                              MICHAEL (V.O.)
                   <panicked> AETHAN, HELP!

AETHAN jerks, and starts moving even faster through the swarms of 
creatures.  His sword begins to burn with a green light as he does.

Off to the side, a demonling springs up to start clawing at RAYE's face, 
knocking her down as it does.  AETHAN notes this, and pauses for a moment, 
indecisively.  He turns away from her --

Cut back to the earlier scene.  MICHAEL's bloodied arm bursts out from 
beneath the demonlings -- then stiffens -- then collapses.

-- and a sick expression covers his face for a moment.  Then all life goes 
out of his face.  He turns back, and heads over to where RAYE is 
struggling with the demonling.  He pulls it off her, and twists its head 
around completely, killing it.  RAYE looks up at him, startled.

                                  AETHAN
                   <dead> You owe me.

He jumps up onto the roof of a building, and starts running along the 
rooftop expressway.  RAYE pulls herself to her feet, and heads after him.

MARA is still moving in the air, but the demonlings seem to have learned 
their lesson.  She looks up suddenly, and smiles viciously.

                                   MARA
                   <seductive> Come to me ... <sotto
                   voce> you gruesome son of a bitch.

And a VIMOGORGE drops down from the sky, landing a few feet away from 
where MARA is floating, crushing several of the demonlings and making a 
fairly large indentation into the pavement.  This VIMOGORGE is exactly 
like the one that appeared in Act III -- except that it has a large, 
opalescent bulge -- like a rather large blister -- on the back of its 
head.  Inside the bulge, we can see a vaguely humanoid form, mimicking the 
motions of the VIMOGORGE.  (Or maybe vice versa.)

                           VIMOGORGE (HAPPOSAI)
                   MMMMMM ... PAAAANNNNTIIEES?

MARA clutches her crotch and groans.

                                   MARA
                   I got 'em *right* here ...

One of the VIMOGORGE's clawed talons reaches down towards her.

                                   MARA
                   Althoooooough ... I'm also a demon,
                   you know.  Ymmmy, tastey demon ...
                   just the thing after a long day of
                   directing atrocities.

The talon pauses, and for a moment, it seems as though there is a distinct 
difference between the movements of the VIMOGORGE and those of the 
humanoid inside the bulge.  MARA obviously sees this.

                                   MARA
                   Uh-uh, can't have it both ways.  I'm
                   either a playmate or a meal.  What's
                   it gonna be, boys?

Cut to BELLDANDY running down the streets, dragging URD behind her.

The VIMOGORGE appears wracked by indecision, with the humanoid clearly 
wanting to grab MARA and the demon itself obviously wanting to consume 
her.

                                   MARA
                   <singsong> Come on, make up your
                   mind ...

And then, everything happens at once.

KENT drops out of the sky, onto the back of the VIMOGORGE.

AETHAN arrives and begins cutting through the horde of demonlings to get 
to where MICHAEL's arm pokes up.

BELLDANDY turns the corner and stares in helpless horror at the scene 
before her.

KENT drives a hand into the blister on the VIMOGORGE's back, and pulls 
HAPPOSAI's limp body out of it, then does a reverse aerial summersault off 
the back just as the creature darts forward to swallow MARA whole.

BELLDANDY screams.

In darkness, MARA hovers.  She produces a ball of dark, grim energy from 
within her body.

                                   MARA
                   I submit myself to the will of the
                   Almighty, Manwe, and to his Maker,
                   Iluvatar.  I repent my rebellion,
                   and cry for your succor.

The ball explodes, filling the screen with white light.

Outside, the VIMOGORGE begins to convulse, with the same white light 
shining from its mouth and eyes.  The light is tearing it to pieces.

With tears in her eyes, BELLDANDY begins to speak words which we cannot 
hear over the roar of energy being released.

AETHAN finally gets to where MICHAEL is, and pulls him out of the horde.  
MICHAEL has literally been torn up -- he is bleeding slowly from several 
places on his chest, and his face is a mess.  AETHAN clutches him to him 
gently.

There is a final pulse of light.  And --

Perhaps what follows, in the seconds after the VIMOGORGE's ultimate 
destruction, is only BELLDANDY's imagination, her desperate attempt to 
believe in something unbelievable.  But she sees, in that eternal moment, 
in the heart of the conflagration, MARA -- with goddess markings instead 
of demonic ones, and long white wings -- standing there, smiling a gentle 
smile at her.  With a final wink, she is gone.

Where the VIMOGORGE was, is a large circle of grey metal, hanging 
perpendicular to the ground.  Through it can be seen a red sky, and a dark 
earth.

BELLDANDY stares at the gate with something akin to loathing on her face, 
and shakes her head.  URD finally catches up.

                                    URD
                   Okay, what happened?

                                 BELLDANDY
                   <monotone> She hurt me, Urd.  She
                   found out just how to hurt someone I
                   cared about, whom the powers of good
                   wouldn't protect.  <beat>  Herself.

URD is silent for a long moment.

                                    URD
                   So what now?

                                 BELLDANDY
                   She is not in Heaven.  She is not in
                   Hell.  She is *not*.

                                    URD
                   Shit.

Cut across to AETHAN, holding MICHAEL.

                                  AETHAN
                   Hold hard, my friend, they have sent
                   for a healer.  You shall be well --

MICHAEL convulses.

                              MICHAEL (V.O.)
                   <faint> I don't think so ... I'm
                   falling apart faster than I can put
                   myself back together.

                                  AETHAN
                   Stop that ... don't you know about
                   the power of positive thinking?

                              MICHAEL (V.O.)
                   <faint> It's okay.  Pretty wild life
                   for twenty-**** years, huh?  <beat>
                   I'm okay with it.  I screwed up a
                   lot, and I wish I hadn't ... but I
                   think I did okay.

                                  AETHAN
                   <almost crying> Michael, no ... if
                   you die on me, my failure will be
                   complete --

                              MICHAEL (V.O.)
                   <faint> Sorry.  But it's not, you
                   know.  You've still got a chance
                   with *her*.  Don't blow it.

                                  AETHAN
                   Michael --

MICHAEL's bloody lips move spasmodically for a few seconds, before he 
finally speaks.

                                  MICHAEL
                   <gasp> It -- was -- fun --

And then he dies.

AETHAN rears his head back and lets out a furious howl to the heavens.

Standing a few feet away, RAYE watches him with something like pity on her 
face.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   When I looked up from where I stood,
                   having just crushed the skulls of
                   maybe a dozen of those little ...
                   *things* ... and I heard that *cry*
                   ... I knew, right then and there,
                   that we'd won.  And a psychology
                   lecture I'd had months before this
                   finally made sense -- a lecture on
                   survivor's guilt.  It's not that
                   you're sad that someone died.  It's
                   not that you're sad that you lived
                   when they died.  <beat>  It's that
                   you're glad to be alive when they're
                   dead.

Slowly, alone or in pairs, the Gathered trickle into the intersection 
where the portal stands -- each passing beside the coat-covered form of 
MICHAEL.  AETHAN is quietly kneeling beside his comrade, neither looking 
up nor saying anything.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   <quiet> I was one of the lucky ones.
                   <beat> It was the second time that
                   I'd seen a dead body, so it didn't
                   affect me as much.  <beat>  But for
                   some of the others --

SERENA pauses beside AETHAN, and looks down at MICHAEL.  Perfect crystal 
tears trickle down from her eyes for a few moments, before she moves on.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   <quiet> -- for some of them, there
                   were never bodies.  The things that
                   they fought just ceased to exist, or
                   they employed forces before which
                   nothing remained, after they were
                   done.  <beat>  Something died in all
                   of us, that day.  A final fading
                   juvenile belief in our immortality,
                   perhaps.  Even those who already
                   knew that secret weren't unaffected.

MINAKO pauses beside AETHAN, and slowly, tentatively, reaches out to touch 
his shoulder.  He shifts minutely away from her touch, and gestures 
faintly for her to leave him alone.  With a look of despair on her face, 
she does.

BELLDANDY is standing directly in front of the portal, staring deeply into 
it.  KEIICHI approaches her.

                                  KEIICHI
                   <whispered> Belldandy?  What ...
                   what happened?

BELLDANDY can't even afford to look away from the portal for a second.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   I will tell you ... everything,
                   later, Keiichi-san.

Off to the side, URD is quietly explaining things to SKULD, who doesn't 
seem quite capable of believing what she's being told.

Off to the other side, KENT is standing, and occasionally looking at the 
portal.  HAPPOSAI, looking dazed, is wrapped up in a blanket on the ground 
beside him.

Finally, everyone seems to be looking at KENT expectantly.

                                   KENT
                   Well ... Phase One was a success.
                   Now comes the hard part.

                               AETHAN (O.S.)
                   <harsh> Question.

KENT looks at AETHAN, who has finally stood up and joined the crowd.

                                  AETHAN
                   You said that there were two of
                   them.  What about the other one?

                                   KENT
                   Hopefully, when the Adversary is
                   `persuaded' to relent, it will --

                                  AETHAN
                   Unacceptable.  You've already said
                   that the odds against success in
                   that are astronomical.  We ought to
                   find and destroy the other one.

The door to the NEKOHANTEN slams open, causing everyone to jump.  COLOGNE 
shuffles (does NOT pogostick) out, looking very winded.

                                  COLOGNE
                   We don't have to find it.  And there
                   are simpler ways to deal with it
                   than destroying it.

AETHAN stares at her.

                                  AETHAN
                   You have caught it.

COLOGNE inclines her head.

                                  AETHAN
                   HOW?

                                  COLOGNE
                   <rich with irony> Ancient Chinese
                   secret.  <beat>  The method I used
                   will not hold forever, however.  I
                   suggest that we perform the required
                   banishment, immediately.

                                   KENT
                   We're understaffed.  <beat>  We need
                   at least four magic-workers familiar
                   with the ritual, plus a psychic to
                   coordinate.  With Niniane dead, I --

He breaks off, looking at URD and SKULD speculatively.

                                    URD
                   Oh, no.  Don't look at me.  I had to
                   take Expulsions 300 three times
                   before I found a teacher who was
                   willing to give me a pass for a --

                                   SKULD
                   I'll do it!  It can't be that hard,
                   can it?

                                  AETHAN
                   How are you with inverting dihedral
                   metaphyses while still asserting
                   their rhombosity?

                                   SKULD
                   <dismissive> A cinch!  I can build a
                   gadget to take care of that, easy!

                                  AETHAN
                   And how long will that take?

                                   SKULD
                   Couple hours.

AETHAN looks at COLOGNE.

                                  COLOGNE
                   Then it should be ready not long
                   after the wards have collapsed.

SKULD visibly deflates.  KENT turns to look at BELLDANDY, who almost 
imperceptibly shakes her head.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   I cannot leave my position, or the
                   shielding that keeps the vimogorge
                   dimension from flooding into this
                   one will fall.

                                   KENT
                   Can anyone else --

                                 BELLDANDY
                   No.  My sisters do not have the
                   power to do it, and --

                                  SERENA
                   What's involved?

SERENA has quietly stepped forward.

                                  SERENA
                   Because I --

                                  DARIEN
                   Serena!  If you use the Silver
                   Crystal --

BELLDANDY jerks momentarily.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   You have the Orb of Rheannion?

                                  SERENA
                   The what of who?

                                  DARIEN
                   Rheannion?

                                 BELLDANDY
                   A brilliant silver gem of surpassing
                   magical power?

                                  SERENA
                   Well, yeah.  That's *why* I --

BELLDANDY's face gives the impression of intense consideration.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   It will be a *grave* strain, but I
                   believe that the Orb can support the
                   barrier ... while the user can
                   support the strain.

                                  SERENA
                   All right then, I --

                                   RAYE
                   But you --

SERENA turns to look at RAYE, perplexed.

                                  SERENA
                   But what?  <beat>  "If you use the
                   Silver Crystal, you'll die?"  If I
                   don't, we could all die anyway,
                   right?  <beat>  Did you worry about
                   things like that when you --

                                   RAYE
                   No, but I didn't --

DARIEN steps in between them.

                                  DARIEN
                   <quiet> Do you think that you can do
                   this?

                                  SERENA
                   Yes.

                                  DARIEN
                   All right then.  Do it.

                                   KENT
                   Thank you, Ms. Tsukino.  That still
                   leaves us one magic worker short.
                   <to COLOGNE> Ma'am, do you happen
                   to know if this --

He gently prods HAPPOSAI with his foot.

                                   KENT
                   -- might know the ritual, if we were
                   to put his psyche together after
                   what he went through in the --

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   Boy, have the forces of order got
                   you brainwashed.

KENT looks down at HAPPOSAI, who still looks very worn.

                                   KENT
                   But you --

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   Piff!  I'm a bit tired, after my
                   exertions, but a little bout with
                   formless horrors couldn't hope to
                   afflict *my* mind!

                               RANMA (O.S.)
                   'Cause everything that's there is
                   even worse.

                                   KENT
                   But --

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   But I am grateful that you saved me,
                   so I'll ignore my contempt for you
                   to offer my help.  What were you
                   saying about some kind of ritual?

                                   KENT
                   <horrified> You mean to tell me,
                   that while you were inside the
                   vimogorge, you retained your full
                   sanity?

                               RANMA (O.S.)
                   Which ain't sayin' much --

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   Just you wait, Ranma!  Just you --

                                   KENT
                   <angry> You were fully aware while
                   you were inside that thing and you
                   didn't try to stop it?

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   Why should I?  Didn't make any
                   difference to me.

KENT turns away, his face rich with loathing.

                                   KENT
                   <sick> God, someone get this thing
                   out of my sight!

                               AETHAN (O.S.)
                   <very quiet> Don't mind if I do.

                              HAPPOSAI (O.S.)
                   Say, what do you think you're --

                                   KENT
                   <realization> AE--

There is a snapping noise.  KENT turns to look, but we are spared the 
sight -- which makes AKANE gasp.

We see AETHAN wrapping something limp in the blanket.

                                   KENT
                   Was that necessary?

                                  AETHAN
                   Yes.

He stands up, carrying the bundle under one arm, and walks to where 
MICHAEL's body rests.  He easily picks it up under the other arm.

                                  AETHAN
                   <cold> Ms. Hino.  I'm calling in
                   that favor, now.

He heads off.

                                   RAYE
                   <shocked> ... same way he killed the
                   demonling.  Exactly the same way.

                                  MINAKO
                   <trembling> Raye?  What favor is he
                   talking about?

                                   RAYE
                   He saved my life.  Kind of.  <beat>
                   Don't follow me.

She starts off.

                                  MINAKO
                   Don't follow you?  Are you nuts?  Do
                   you think I'm gonna leave you alone
                   with Aethan for five seconds?  You'd
                   k--

                                   RAYE
                   Lita, could you do me a big favor?

LITA looks from RAYE to MINAKO for several moments, then sighs.

                                   LITA
                   Ooo-kay.

She grabs LITA, and holds her tightly, feet off the ground.

                                   LITA
                   Get going, Raye ...

RAYE nods, and heads off.  MINAKO is struggling ineffectually.

                                  MINAKO
                   <squawk> Lita, let go of me!  Lita,
                   she's gonna kill him!

                                   LITA
                   I don't think he'll go down quite
                   that easily --

                                  MINAKO
                   <panicked> She uses fire, dammit!
                   Fire can KILL him!

                                    AMY
                   Lita ... I think she may have a
                   point.

LITA considers ... then sighs.

                                   LITA
                   Why couldn't it be something nice
                   and simple?  <beat>  Mina ... if
                   she's not trying to kill him, do you
                   promise not to interfere?

                                  MINAKO
                   <frantic> Yes!  Just let me --

LITA lowers MINAKO's feet to the ground, and releases her grip.  MINAKO 
pauses just long enough to flash a smile of thanks, and then dashes off.

                                   LITA
                   D'you think we ought to follow her?

                                    AMY
                   It's complicated enough already.

We see AETHAN marching down the street, with RAYE following closely 
behind, and MINAKO a bit further back.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   I still can't quite understand how
                   Happosai's death made me feel.  I
                   ... I hate to say it, because it's a
                   terrible thing to admit, but what I
                   felt -- after I got past the sudden
                   shock of the killing -- was immense
                   relief.  Relief that I wouldn't have
                   to one day protect my children from
                   him, like my father had been forced
                   to protect my sisters and me. <beat>
                   But it wasn't enough.  I know that,
                   with a bit of reflection.  His ...
                   spirit will hang over the School of
                   Anything Goes Martial Arts, until we
                   do something to change that.  And
                   every time I call Ranma pervert, I'm
                   really thinking of what the master
                   of our style became.

Meanwhile, SASAMI has slowly, nervously approached KENT.

                                  SASAMI
                   Um, Mr. Masefield?

                                   KENT
                   Yes, Sasami-chan?

                                  SASAMI
                   <hesitant> Um ... you need one more
                   person to do this ritual thing,
                   right?

                                   KENT
                   That's right.  Are you --

                                  SASAMI
                   <quick> Oh no!  No, I ... I don't
                   know anything about that, but ...
                   <beat> Belldandy-san is a goddess,
                   right?

                                   KENT
                   She says she is, and I'm inclined to
                   agree.

                                  SASAMI
                   So ... would another goddess be able
                   to help?

                                   KENT
                   I suppose so.  <beat>  Know any?

                                  SASAMI
                   <nods> Kind of, yeah.  Just a min--

AYEKA has been moving up behind SASAMI, and slowly rests a hand on her 
shoulder.

                                   AYEKA
                   Sasami ... you don't have to do this.

SASAMI turns around and looks at her older sister with a pleading 
expression.

                                  SASAMI
                   Yes I do.  Oneesan ... everyone is
                   giving their all.  And this is all I
                   have to give.

KENT slowly kneels down until he's at eye-level with SASAMI.

                                   KENT
                   Sasami-chan ... is what you can do
                   dangerous?  Will doing it hurt you?

                                  SASAMI
                   No.  Not exactly.  I ... it's just
                   *hard*.

                                   KENT
                   I think I understand.

AYEKA gives KENT a nervous look.  He looks back at her, and for a moment 
his facial features shift -- not much, but just enough to give him a 
slightly Jurain cast to his face, and to add two streaks of dried blood 
where warrior marks would be on a Jurain warrior's face.  AYEKA blinks, 
and his face is back to normal.  She leads SASAMI away, giving an 
occasional glance back.

KYOUSUKE approaches KENT with a mildly disturbed expression on his face.

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   Um ... am *I* the psychic you intend
                   to have coordinate this ritual?

                                   KENT
                   Well, I'm planning on heading into
                   the gate to face the Adversary, and
                   the other fellow who might have is
                   dead now.  So, yeah.  I've given you
                   the program, right?

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   <nods> It ... feels okay, but ...
                   I'm not a very good telepath.  I've
                   never had much talent for that sort
                   of thing.

                                   KENT
                   You should be okay.  You've got a
                   *lot* of latent ability ... this is
                   going to be a strain on those
                   muscles, but unless things get
                   totally out of hand, they shouldn't
                   break under the strain.  If they
                   do ... well, odds are that things
                   were already so far out of control
                   anyway that no one will be left to
                   fault you blowing it.

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   Gee.  Thanks.

Cut to AETHAN, who has built a small cairn out of rubble from a damaged 
building, and is in the process of placing MICHAEL's body on it.  
MICHAEL's features are oddly composed in death, and the jacket hides the 
worst of his wounds on his body.  AETHAN touches his cheek once more, then 
steps down from the cairn, casually dumping the bundle at MICHAEL's feet.  
RAYE watches, suspiciously.

                                   RAYE
                   What are you doing, exactly?

                                  AETHAN
                   Michael believed in the old gods of
                   the Norsemen.  I'm trying to give
                   him a Viking funeral.  <beat>  It
                   was the custom to place a dog at a
                   warrior's feet, you see.  But there
                   is a paucity of dogs in the area.

                                   RAYE
                   Oh.

                                  AETHAN
                   <deep breath> Now burn it.

                                   RAYE
                   Burn it?

                                  AETHAN
                   <impatient> Yes, burn it.  That will
                   cancel out any debt.

                                   RAYE
                   Can't you start the fire on your
                   own?

                                  AETHAN
                   Yes.

                                   RAYE
                   Then why should I --

                                  AETHAN
                   Because I asked nicely?

                                   RAYE
                   The hell you did.

                                  AETHAN
                   <genuinely weary> *Please* light the
                   cairn so that my only friend in this
                   world can go to the afterlife he
                   believed in.

RAYE flinches.

                                   RAYE
                   All right.

RAYE performs a Mars Flame Sniper, and the cairn explodes into flame.  The 
bodies on it are quickly lost to sight in the thick gout of black smoke 
produced.

AETHAN bows his head, and slowly begins to sing.  Music accompanies his 
words.  ("Brothers in Arms", Dire Straits)

                                  AETHAN
                   Through these fields of destruction
                   Baptisms of ... fire ...
                   I've witnessed all your suffering,
                   As the battle raged higher
                   But though they did hurt me so bad
                   In the fear and alarum ...
                   You did not ...
                   ... desert me ...
                   ... my brother ...
                   ... in arms ...

Our view slowly changes to include MINAKO, who is peeking around a corner, 
watching this funeral ceremony in silence.

AETHAN turns to look at RAYE.

                                  AETHAN
                   Well? <beat> What are you waiting
                   for?

RAYE stares at him, confused.

                                  AETHAN
                   I assure you that you'll never get a
                   better chance than this.

                                   RAYE
                   I don't know what you're talking
                   about.

                                  AETHAN
                   <irritated> Don't bother making
                   excuses.  I know that you would be
                   quite happy to see me dead. <beat>
                   And right now, girl, I would welcome
                   death.

RAYE's confusion swiftly turns to shock.

                                   RAYE
                   Why?

AETHAN stares at her, his fangs out.

                                  AETHAN
                   <angry> Why?  Woden, Thunor, und
                   Nerthus, girl, *what do you care*?
                   You've hated me from the first
                   moment we met.  I deserve it, I
                   suppose, I am one of the monsters
                   you're supposed to destroy.  So
                   destroy me already!

They stare at each other for a long moment.

                                  AETHAN
                   <total fury> Come on!  Do it!  *Kill
                   me and be done*, Raye Hino!

MINAKO braces herself to run ...

RAYE shakes her head.

                                   RAYE
                   No.

AETHAN is on the verge of apoplexy.

                                  AETHAN
                   WHY NOT?

                                   RAYE
                   Because I want you to live.  <beat>
                   And suffer.

MINAKO gapes.

AETHAN stares at RAYE for a very long moment ... he almost seems to be 
swelling as he does.  His skin is turning bright red, and a battle aura of 
the same colour glows around him.  RAYE finally begins to get an idea of 
what kind of danger she's in, and takes a cautious step back.

And then AETHAN seems to collapse on himself, leaving only a stunned 
looking, rather average man, who doesn't really look like a threat at all.

                                  AETHAN
                   <whispered> Very well, then.

He turns to look at the cairn, which has by now burnt out.

                                  AETHAN
                   <whispered> Goodbye.

He then strides off, past RAYE, past MINAKO (who ducks to hide herself), 
without seeming to notice either of them.  RAYE watches him go with a 
faintly disturbed expression.

Back at the gate, SASAMI is lying down with her head in AYEKA's lap, 
breathing deeply.

                               SASAMI (V.O.)
                   Tsunami?

                              TSUNAMI (V.O.)
                   Yes, Sasami-chan?

                               SASAMI (V.O.)
                   I think we need you.  Can you come?
                   Now?

                              TSUNAMI (V.O.)
                   Yes, Sasami.  I can.  Now.

There is a pulse of light from SASAMI's forehead, and suddenly TSUNAMI 
appears before her.  SASAMI seems to fade deeper into unconsciousness as 
she does.  TSUNAMI then turns and walks towards KENT with a slow and 
measured step.  SKULD and URD gape.

                                   SKULD
                   Ummmm ... Urd?  Don't those look a
                   lot like the *Almighty's* markings?

                                    URD
                   Yeah ... let's not think about that,
                   okay?

TSUNAMI stands before KENT.

                                  TSUNAMI
                   Greetings.  I am Tsunami, Divinity
                   Prime of Jurai.  How may I be of
                   assistance?

                                   KENT
                   <mildly amazed> It's nice to be
                   surprised once in a while ...

                                  TSUNAMI
                   Excuse me?

                                   KENT
                   Um, I take it that there are certain
                   restrictions on what you *may* do
                   while on this planet.

                                  TSUNAMI
                   That is correct.  I am effectively
                   limited to the power of a First
                   Level Goddess, first class, limited.
                   That should be enough, however.

                                   KENT
                   Probably, yes.  We need you to take
                   part in a ritual to banish a certain
                   vimogorge.

TSUNAMI smiles, viciously.

                                  TSUNAMI
                   Very happy to be of assistance.  I
                   despise those creatures ...

                                   KENT
                   Well, here comes the last of the
                   people who'll be participating in
                   the ritual.

And indeed AETHAN is approaching, his face increasingly like a 
thundercloud.  MINAKO quickly follows.

                                   KENT
                   Aethan, are you ready?

                                  AETHAN
                   <terse> Yes.

KENT turns to look at BELLDANDY.  SERENA steps closer to her.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   Produce the crystal, please.

SERENA takes a deep breath, and opens her locket.  The Silver Empyrean 
Crystal emerges from it, slowly, and in a pulse of light, SERENA is 
dressed in a pure white dress.  BELLDANDY blinks.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   All right ... I'm going to transfer
                   the spell that I am supporting to
                   you.  Be warned, it's heavy ...

                                  SERENA
                   I'll be okay.

BELLDANDY makes a pressing gesture with her hands, and SERENA reacts as 
though someone dropped something on her.  She almost seems to be on the 
verge of collapse.

                                  SERENA
                   <quiet> ... oooh boy ...

DARIEN and the Scouts react to this anxiously.  SERENA spares a quick 
glance over her shoulder to give them a quick, reassuring grin at them -- 
then quickly jerks her head back to look at the gate.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   Looking away is a very bad idea ...

                                  SERENA
                   Okay!  <weak laugh> I've got it now,
                   no problems ...

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   I'm not going to bother telling you
                   what was actually going on in her
                   mind right then, because it's really
                   obvious.

COLOGNE holds open the door, and AETHAN marches in, his face stern.  
TSUNAMI follows, then KYOUSUKE.  BELLDANDY walks to the door ... pauses, 
turns to look at KEIICHI.  She smiles sweetly, with hidden pain, at him, 
then turns to enter the door.  COLOGNE closes the door behind them.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Now what?

                                   KENT
                   Now, three of us are going to go in
                   there and ... persuade the Adversary
                   to relent.  I am going. <beat> Ranma
                   will doubtless want in.

RANMA grins a somewhat maniacal grin.

                                   RANMA
                   Damn straight!

                                   KENT
                   <mildly amused> And in light of the
                   results of a certain sparring match,
                   I think Mr. Masaki would be of help,
                   too.

RANMA's face falls.  TENCHI nods seriously.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Wait a minute, why just three?

                                   KENT
                   <poker-faced> Like I said earlier,
                   it's my lucky number.

                                  RYOUKO
                   To hell with your lucky number, if
                   you think I'm gonna let you take
                   Tenchi into some *hell* without me,
                   you've got another think --

                                   KENT
                   Ms. Ryouko, I'm not taking you with
                   me because I don't want to get on
                   your mother's bad side.

RYOUKO glares at him.  KENT looks appealingly at TENCHI.

                                  TENCHI
                   <sigh> Ryouko ...

RYOUKO does not look at TENCHI.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Don't, Tenchi.

                                  TENCHI
                   <puzzled> Don't what?

                                  RYOUKO
                   <flat> Don't ask me to stay.  Don't
                   ask me to watch you walk into there
                   and not come with you.  Don't ask me
                   to do it, Tenchi.

                                  TENCHI
                   But --

She turns to look at him, and is almost in tears.

                                  RYOUKO
                   <quiet> Don't ask me to live if
                   you're going to die.  <beat>
                   Because if you ask me to do it, I
                   will.

For a very long moment, it is as though there is nothing else in the world 
but these two.  TENCHI is looking at RYOUKO with an expression that some 
might call confused, but which could be more accurately be called dawning 
comprehension.

                                  TENCHI
                   <trembling> You'd do anything ... if
                   I asked you, wouldn't you?

RYOUKO blinks.  The answer is obvious, and thus does not need a response.  
TENCHI lets out a long, shuddering breath.

                                  TENCHI
                   Please stay here, Ryouko.  I ... <to
                   KENT> Is it possible that the demons
                   might attack here, while we're on
                   the other side?

                                   KENT
                   <nods> It's a possibility, yes.

                                  TENCHI
                   Then ... Ryouko, I need you to stay
                   here, and protect Sasami and the
                   others, in case more demons attack.
                   Can you do that?

RYOUKO stares at TENCHI for a moment, then nods quietly.

                                  RYOUKO
                   <quiet> Yes.  <aloud> Yeah, I can do
                   that.  No sweat.

TENCHI seems to be visibly relieved.

                                   RANMA
                   Great!  Now that that's settled,
                   let's get going!

                                   KENT
                   Isn't there anyone you wanna say
                   good-bye to before we go?

RANMA blinks, then turns to look at the small cluster of his friends -- 
AKANE, UKYOU, SHAMPOO, and RYOUGA -- all of whom are regarding him with a 
somber expression.

                                   RANMA
                   <cheerful> See ya.

RYOUGA looks away in disgust, while UKYOU and SHAMPOO both seem to be 
almost on the verge of tears.  AKANE's expression doesn't change.  RANMA 
becomes irate.

                                   RANMA
                   Oh what the hell is with you guys!
                   You look like you're attending my
                   funeral or something -- well, not
                   Ryouga, but --

                                   AKANE
                   Just get *going* already!

                                   RANMA
                   I don't see what the big deal is, I
                   always come back.

AKANE storms up to him.

                                   AKANE
                   <hissed> Yes, you always come back
                   for seconds, after you've been
                   defeated and learned something from
                   it.  But you haven't gotten past
                   stage one of that this time!  Don't
                   you *get* it?  YOU COULD GET KILLED!

                                   RANMA
                   <blase> That's not gonna happen.

                                   AKANE
                   How do you know --

                                   RANMA
                   I am *not* gonna get killed by some
                   wimpy demon, no matter how big his
                   story is.

AKANE stares at him in shock.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   Maybe I should be more understanding
                   of him.  It wasn't his fault that he
                   didn't recognize the story Kent had
                   told.  It wasn't his fault he didn't
                   realize he was going up against the
                   Father of Evil.  So I should be more
                   understanding. <beat> I wasn't, but
                   I should be.

AKANE reels back and punches RANMA so hard that he goes flying through the 
portal.  SERENA flinches as he does.  KENT gives her an odd glance, and 
then looks over at ANDREW and MCGOVERN -- who are standing a little ways 
off from any of the others.  He nods, once in their direction.

                                   KENT
                   Let's go.

TENCHI nods, and joins him at the portal.  They step through 
simultaneously, causing SERENA to flinch again.

Cut to greyspace.  PLUTO lets out a sigh.

                                   PLUTO
                   It has begun.

                                  WASHUU
                   Annnny minute now.

                                   PLUTO
                   Any minute now what?

Cut to a room in the Tendou house.  PATRICIA sits up with a jerk.

Greyspace.

                                  WASHUU
                   <smug> That.

Cut to the kitchen.  KASUMI is looking out the window with a nervous 
expression, while NABIKI munches on a snack.

                                  KASUMI
                   They've started.

                                  NABIKI
                   How d'you know?

                                  KASUMI
                   I just do.

PATRICIA bursts into the kitchen with a *furious* expression on her face.

                                 PATRICIA
                   <bellow> WHERE IS HE?

KASUMI turns to look at her with a sad expression.

                                  KASUMI
                   He has descended into the Abyss,
                   Patricia-san.  You can't go to him,
                   now.

PATRICIA's face goes from fury to shock to grief in moments.

                                 PATRICIA
                   He always does this to me.  Every
                   single time ...

KASUMI nods.  PATRICIA slumps to the floor, her head in her hands.  NABIKI 
stares at her for a moment, then turns to look at KASUMI.  She then turns 
and heads out of the kitchen.

                                  NABIKI
                   If we live through this, I *swear*
                   I'm moving out of here.  Everyone
                   here is a complete *mystic* ...

Cut to the empty dining room of the Nekohanten.  COLOGNE hops ahead to the 
kitchen.

                                  COLOGNE
                   Please give me a moment to prepare
                   my equipment.  I presume that you
                   will take the time to do --

She breaks off as she looks at TSUNAMI and BELLDANDY.

                                  COLOGNE
                   Never mind.

She heads into the kitchen.  AETHAN approaches KYOUSUKE.

                                  AETHAN
                   You are aware of your role in these
                   proceedings?

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   Masefield-san gave me instructions
                   in what to do.

                                  AETHAN
                   But not in why?

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   ... do I need to know why --

                                  AETHAN
                   In my experience, those who know
                   the reasons that they are being told
                   to perform a certain task succeed in
                   it more frequently than others who
                   do not.

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   Okay ... why do a bunch of wizards
                   and ... um, `goddesses' need the
                   help of an ESPer to do something
                   like this?

                                  AETHAN
                   First, you should understand a bit
                   about magic.  The first thing that
                   any spell-caster normally does,
                   before doing any sort of ritual
                   magic, is to prepare a defensive
                   ward -- perhaps within his or her
                   own mind -- against the magic going
                   out of control.  That keeps the
                   ritual from lashing back upon the
                   spell-caster, and from affecting the
                   world around him if it goes out of
                   control.  Do you understand?

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   I think so ... it's kind of like
                   focusing on the problem, and only
                   the problem.

                                  AETHAN
                   Exactly.  But there's a different
                   problem.  Every magician wields his
                   or her power in a slightly different
                   way -- some wouldn't even regard it
                   as magic.  Magicians who have been
                   trained in the same "style" of magic
                   can pool their efforts fairly simply
                   -- though it can still be difficult.
                   But for magicians of very different
                   traditions ... the wards ...

He seems to be running out of nontechnical terms with which to describe 
the matter.  KYOUSUKE is obviously thinking.

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   Are the wards like notes?

                                  AETHAN
                   <blinks> Excuse me?

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   The wards ... is it that they're
                   like notes in a piece of music?  If
                   you just plunk a bunch of notes down
                   on a piece of paper, they don't
                   sound like anything ... but if you
                   take care to arrange them, they make
                   music.

AETHAN blinks.

                                  AETHAN
                   *Very* good.  Are you a musician?

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   I used to play the drums a bit, but
                   no ... my fiancee is, though.

                                  AETHAN
                   I see.  Well, you're right.  Each
                   ward produces a form of vibration,
                   not unlike a note of sound.  And
                   when the interact without guidance,
                   only chaos results.  <beat>  This is
                   where you come in.

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   I'm the composer?  I'm *really* not
                   a --

                                  AETHAN
                   Not exactly.  Instead, you are to
                   guide us, advise us to correct the
                   ... placement of the wards so that
                   interact harmoniously.  Kent will
                   have given you a "program" to do
                   this automatically, but you should
                   be aware of what your own mind is
                   doing, I think.

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   I'm inclined to agree.  Thanks.
                   <beat> Um ... sorry about your --

                                  AETHAN
                   Please.  You did not know him, I
                   believe, so you are not actually
                   regretful.  I appreciate your
                   sympathy, but I needs must focus all
                   my faculties on the task at hand.

KYOUSUKE blinks.

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   Ooookay.

They both settle down to wait.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   Kasuga-san was actually thinking
                   about men he'd met in Bosnia, who'd
                   shown the same sort of dedication in
                   the sight of the deaths of friends.
                   They'd scared the hell out of him.
                   I don't think I have to suggest what
                   he thought about DeGales.

Cut to a dark, blackish-grey plain beneath a red sky.  RANMA pushes 
himself up off the ground, and dusts himself off.  When he speaks, his 
words have an odd, echoing quality.

                                   RANMA
                   Uncute tomboy ... what the hell was
                   *that* about anyway?

He looks around.

                                   RANMA
                   And where's the portal?  Ah, *shit*,
                   she's got me dumped into the wrong
                   place, and I'm never gonna get home!

Just then, KENT and TENCHI step out of midair.

                                   RANMA
                   On the other hand ...

                                   KENT
                   The portal's invisible on this side,
                   huh?

                                   RANMA
                   Looks like it.

                                   KENT
                   <sigh> Lousy pun, Ranma.

                                   RANMA
                   Oh!  Oh, maaaan.

KENT lets out *another* sigh, and TENCHI looks a bit ill at that.  KENT 
pulls a pocket watch from one of the breast pockets of his vest of many 
pockets.

                                   KENT
                   Okay, one of the few things I know
                   about this space is that time is
                   slightly slower here than it is in
                   our dimension ... for every second
                   that passes here, maybe a hundred
                   pass back home.  So we have to do 
                   this in a hurry, because I don't
                   know how long Sailor Moon can hold
                   up the portal.

He releases the watch, and it snaps back into the vest as though it were 
attached with elastics.

                                   RANMA
                   What's with the vest?

                                   KENT
                   <smile> My father used to wear a
                   get up like this, when he was
                   expecting trouble.  Pockets filled
                   with all kinds of gadgets to help
                   him out.

He absently pulls a canteen out of a side pocket, and loosens the lid.

                                   KENT
                   I'm not half the inventor my father
                   was, though ... but some of the
                   stuff he carried around was awfully
                   useful.  Like this.  Ordinary
                   canteen, except that it keeps its
                   contents just a few degrees above
                   freezing.

With a sudden jerk, the lid comes off, and water splashes its way towards 
RANMA.  The transformation is instant -- and so is KENT's hand darting out 
towards RANMA's neck, tapping a certain nerve point.

                                   RANMA
                   Gurk?

She collapses, unconscious, but KENT catches her before she hits the 
ground.

                                  TENCHI
                   <shocked> What are you doing?!

KENT holds RANMA's unconscious body in both his arms.

                                   KENT
                   <very formal> Masaki Tenchi, a woman
                   is helpless and in terrible danger.
                   I rely on you to do the right thing.

He starts to hand RANMA over to TENCHI, who doesn't seem inclined to 
accept.

                                  TENCHI
                   What?!

                                   KENT
                   Very well.  I will explain.  <beat>
                   Before I came here, to Japan, I was
                   given a prophecy.  Three will go in,
                   two will come out.  Do you begin to
                   see?

                                  TENCHI
                   You mean ... but didn't you say that
                   Niniane-san changed fate?

                                   KENT
                   <shook head> I don't think it's that
                   simple ... perhaps the fate she
                   changed was something different --
                   the fate of the Defender, to engage
                   in these battles forever, perhaps --
                   but not the fate that of a group of
                   three people to embark on something,
                   only two would survive.  <beat>  So
                   I decided to take it into my own
                   hands.

He lowers RANMA into TENCHI's arms.

                                  TENCHI
                   But ... why not just bring more
                   people into the battle with the
                   Adversary?  We could have brought
                   Ryouko, or some of the Scouts, or --

                                   KENT
                   Because that would be just delaying
                   it even more.  I want to get it out
                   from over our heads as soon as
                   possible.  <beat>  And I suspect
                   that the task of ending the cycle
                   demands that I act alone, anyway.
                   <beat> I am sorry that I dragged
                   you into this, but ... you'd best
                   get going.  I'm not sure about the
                   time variation, it could be more
                   than what I said.

TENCHI is clearly upset, but not willing to make an issue of it.

                                  TENCHI
                   <flat> Right.  Back through the way
                   we came.

                                   KENT
                   Right.  <beat>  And you might want
                   to get away from Ranma before she
                   wakes up, because she'll probably
                   be rather upset.

                                  TENCHI
                   <angry> I don't blame her.

KENT smiles, sadly.

                                   KENT
                   Look at it this way.  You're young.
                   Both of you.  And you have so much
                   potential ... <beat>  I knew that
                   you'd both want to come along, and
                   I didn't want that potential to go
                   to waste.  <beat>  Perhaps, when
                   you get to be my age ... you'll
                   understand even better than I do.

                                  TENCHI
                   <reluctant> Maybe.  <beat>  Good
                   luck.

                                   KENT
                   <Jurain> May the light of the trees
                   guide your path.

                                  TENCHI
                   Huh?

                                   KENT
                   Never mind.

He turns to go, walking off into the plains.  TENCHI hefts RANMA, and 
steps back through the invisible portal.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   <quiet> Masaki Tenchi was the last
                   person to ever see Kent Masefield
                   alive.

Cut to outside the portal.  TENCHI, carrying RANMA, stumbles out, 
seemingly buffeted by a sudden wind.  Immediately, AKANE, UKYOU, and 
SHAMPOO are there to take RANMA off his hands, while RYOUKO and MIHOSHI 
crowd around TENCHI -- while AYEKA, her lap still supporting SASAMI's 
head, looks longingly in his direction.  ANDREW makes his way over to 
TENCHI, who is coping with RYOUKO's attentions.

                                  TENCHI
                   <irritated> I'm fine, I'm *fine*!

                                  ANDREW
                   Where's Kent?

                                  TENCHI
                   How long were we in there for?

                                  ANDREW
                   I dunno, maybe half an hour.  Where
                   is Kent?

                                  TENCHI
                   He's gone off to fight the Adversary
                   by himself.

                                  ANDREW
                   Ha ha, very funny, now what --

                                  TENCHI
                   I'm not *joking*.  He brought the
                   two of us along to fulfill some
                   prophecy about "three going in and
                   two coming out" and --

                                 MCGOVERN
                   -- chose the two of you to be the
                   two who came out.

ANDREW looks at MCGOVERN, appalled.

                                  ANDREW
                   This is a Niniane thing, isn't it?

                                 MCGOVERN
                   <nods> Yeah, probab--

ANDREW starts shaking his hands in the air.

                                  ANDREW
                   Ahhhhhhhhhhh dammit!

                                  RYOUKO
                   Okay, no problem.  We'll just head
                   back in and --

                                  SERENA
                   <weak> Uh ... I really wish that you
                   wouldn't ...

SERENA looks like death warmed over, but is struggling to look cheerful.

                                  SERENA
                   Every time someone crosses over from
                   this side feels like a kick in my
                   guts ... I won't go into what it
                   feels like when someone tries to
                   come across from the other side, and
                   I let them, because there are young
                   children present ...

                                  MIHOSHI
                   Anooo ... Sasami-chan's unconscious,
                   Serena-san.

                                  SERENA
                   <sing-song> I'm talking about me.

                                  RYOUKO
                   So what do we do, just sit around
                   and wait?

                                  SERENA
                   Sounds like paradise to me ...

Meanwhile, RANMA has just woken up.  For a second, she seems not to know 
where she is ... and then angry splotches break out on her face as she 
remembers what happened to her.

                                   AKANE
                   <hesitant> Ranma?

                                   RANMA
                   <voice of doom> I'm gonna kill that
                   son of a bitch.

She jumps up, and starts looking around furiously.

                                   RANMA
                   Where is he, huh?  Where?  Where is
                   the lowlife nogood --

                                  TENCHI
                   He's on the other side of the --

                                   RANMA
                   Fine!

She starts to dash towards the portal, only to be stopped dead in her 
tracks when RYOUGA casually catches her by the ponytail.

                                   RANMA
                   Ahhhh!  Leggo!

                                  RYOUGA
                   <deliberately casual> Ranma, you
                   *might* just wanna listen to what
                   happened while you were *knocked*
                   *out* before you go charging in
                   there again.

He lets go of RANMA's pony tail.  She whips around to glare at him.

                                   RANMA
                   You wanna go *first*, P-chan?

RYOUGA shows an almost frightening lack of reaction to the usual barb.

                                  RYOUGA
                   I thought you wanted to kill Mr.
                   Masefield.  You might just have a
                   bit of trouble doing that if you
                   don't find out what you did *wrong*
                   to get *beaten* by him.

                                   RANMA
                   <fuming> Fine.  After I get done
                   with him, you're next.  <to TENCHI>
                   What happened?

She heads over to talk to TENCHI.  AMI approaches RYOUGA hesitantly.

                                    AMI
                   <quiet> Thank you, Hibiki-san, for
                   making sure that he wouldn't go
                   charging in and hurt Sailor Moon by
                   doing so.

                                  RYOUGA
                   <embarassed> Um ... well, my motives
                   weren't as clean as that, Mizuno-
                   san, but you're welcome anyway.

They smile, shyly, at each other ... then realize that they're standing 
*way* too close, and quickly step apart.

Cut to the kitchen of the Nekohanten.  BELLDANDY, TSUNAMI, COLOGNE, and 
AETHAN (clockwise) form a rectangle facing a small pillar of green fire.  
BELLDANDY is gesturing and almost singing in Aesir, COLOGNE is preparing 
and releasing to the air various mixtures of herbs and chemicals, AETHAN 
is speaking in rapidfire Latin, and TSUNAMI is simply standing and gazing 
at the pillar.  At the centre of the rectangle is KYOUSUKE, whose eyes are 
closed, and who is generating a *fierce* aura.  His face seems oddly calm, 
though.

                               AETHAN (V.O.)
                   It's unusually powerful, even for a
                   vimogorge.

                              COLOGNE (V.O.)
                   True ... I wonder which choice souls
                   it ate to gain that much power.

TSUNAMI's face registers her disgust.  Her "voice" is calm, however.

                               TSUNAMI (V.O)
                   We need to increase the power to the
                   ram in order to push it out.

                             BELLDANDY (V.O.)
                   Agreed.  Ready?

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   <muttered> Oh boy ...

The air seems to almost tingle with the increased flow of magic.

Cut to the black plains.  KENT walks, his face all but expressionless, as 
the wind begins to pick up.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   I am one of two people in the world,
                   if not the universe, who knows what
                   happened to Kent after Tenchi came
                   back to our world.  <beat>  Much of
                   it is confusing, and parts of it are
                   ... well, just plain boring.  I
                   don't know how long he wandered
                   through the Hell That Is Best Not
                   Described -- unchallenged -- but it
                   felt like years to me before any
                   *important* things happened.

The scene changes around KENT.  Instead of black plains, he now stands on 
a sheet of black glass-like ground, beneath a grey sky.  Standing in the 
centre of the glass is a figure shrouded in black robes.  The figure seems 
to be staring at KENT, who stares right back.  Slowly, the figure assumes 
a martial arts stance, although its hands remain concealed within the 
folds of its sleeves.

                                   KENT
                   <whispered> Very well then ...

He assumes a stance that matches the figure exactly.

And then leaps towards it, foot extended in a perfect kick aiming at the 
figure's "head".  The figure's arms come up to parry.

KENT suddenly whips around in midair so that he is falling towards the arm 
of the figure, without any defenses.

Our view changes to a look at the sky as there is a sickening crunch.

The figure's pale fist has punched completely through KENT's chest.  
Slowly the robes fall away from the figure's face, revealing him to be 
KENT.  KENT (robes) stares at KENT (vest), his face shocked.

                                KENT (vest)
                   <weak> Now you know.

There is a long silence.

                               KENT (robes)
                   NOW I KNOW.

KENT (vest) smiles, painfully, and then his head slumps and he dies.  His 
body disintegrates into a fine mist.  The rest of the robes fall off of 
KENT, revealing him to be clad in a black bodysuit, which is oddly like 
the costume he was wearing in his dream in the first act.  The location 
shifts around him once more, back to the black plains and the red sky.

                                   KENT
                   <musing> Now I know.

He looks off, towards a huge black sphere in the sky.  A look of immense 
fear crosses his face ... and then he starts toward it.

Back to outside the portal.  SERENA looks even worse now.  DARIEN is 
standing close to her.

                                  DARIEN
                   Please, meatball head ... you don't
                   have to do this by yourself ...

                                  SERENA
                   <weak> But ...

                                  DARIEN
                   <whispered> Serena, I *know* that
                   you don't want to risk your friends,
                   but we're all worried!  Please let
                   us help.

                                  SERENA
                   <weak> I ...

RAYE is standing on the other side of her.

                                   RAYE
                   <blunt> Serena.  Let us help you, or
                   I'll *never* speak to you again.

SERENA slowly turns to look at RAYE.  RAYE's stern expression doesn't 
reach her eyes.

The look that they exchange is beyond words.

                                  SERENA
                   <faint> Help.

                                   RAYE
                   <brusque> Right!  Okay, form up for
                   the usual routine, Scouts.

DARIEN quickly embraces SERENA, careful not to disturb her arms holding 
the Crystal.  The Sailor Scouts join hands behind them -- MINAKO standing 
between AMY and LITA, who takes RAYE's hand -- and start to glow.  SERENA 
suddenly stands a little straighter, looks a little less exhausted.

RANMA, having returned to male form, is sitting down and looking enviously 
at the Sailors.

                                   RANMA
                   At least they can do *something*.  I
                   *hate* waiting.  I hate not being
                   able to do anything ... I --

                                  RYOUGA
                   <muttered> Now you know how the rest
                   of us usually feel.

                                   RANMA
                   What?

                                  RYOUGA
                   Forget it ...

Cut to the Nekohanten kitchen.  KYOUSUKE is sweating profusely, and his 
aura is uncomfortably bright.  None of the magic-users seem very well 
either.

                               AETHAN (V.O.)
                   I don't understand ... why in blazes
                   hasn't it attacked yet?  We're using
                   enough energy to --

                              COLOGNE (V.O.)
                   -- sweetmotherofmypeople, NO!

The pillar of flame flares, and a pulse of energy streams out from it, 
slamming into all present.  COLOGNE seems hardest hit.

                              COLOGNE (V.O.)
                   -- waiting for us to overextend and
                   then --

                             VIMOGORGE (V.O.)
                   YES.

Another pulse lashes out, sending COLOGNE reeling and AETHAN to his 
knees.  KYOUSUKE is still standing, but it doesn't look as though it is 
his own idea.  Blood is running from his nose.  TSUNAMI's face is 
clenched.

                             VIMOGORGE (V.O.)
                   TO KILL A TREE ... DESTROY ITS ROOT.

A bolt of energy shoots up through the ceiling of the kitchen.

                                  TSUNAMI
                   <gasp> No!

Outside, we see the bolt burst through the roof of the Nekohanten, shoot 
up in the air, then start to arc downwards towards SASAMI -- and AYEKA, 
who looks upward in shock.  She just has time enough to draw one breath --

When URD casually catches the bolt in her hand.

                                    URD
                   <belittling> Hah!  And they said
                   this guy was *so* tough.  C'mon.

She looks at her hand, which is mildly crisped by the bolt.

                                    URD
                   O-kay, maybe he was a little tough.
                   <to AYEKA> Would you excuse me a
                   moment?

AYEKA stares as URD stumbles off, apparently in considerable pain.

Back to the kitchen.  BELLDANDY risks a quick look behind her, and sees 
that COLOGNE and AETHAN are both out of it (more or less) and that 
KYOUSUKE is not holding up very well.  She closes her eyes.

                             BELLDANDY (V.O.)
                   There is no other option.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   Goodbye, Keiichi.  I will love you
                   forever.

She lifts her hand to her limiter earring.

And a hand descends on hers.

                               AETHAN (O.S.)
                   NO.  There *is* another option.

She turns back to look at him, startled.

There is a flash.  We see as though through another's eyes, hands like the 
one on BELLDANDY's hand, lifting open a window, and hearing her voice.

                             BELLDANDY (O.S.)
                   I do have the power to do what you
                   ask.  But ...

                                KENT (O.S.)
                   Yes?

                             BELLDANDY (O.S.)
                   I am under contract, and limitation.
                   <beat> If what you say is true, I
                   would have the right to break my
                   limiter ... but there is a good
                   chance that that would cause my
                   contract to be voided ... but if the
                   Adversary is not defeated ...

The hands seem to tense.

                                KENT (O.S.)
                   I am sorry.  No one should ask such
                   a thing.

                             BELLDANDY (O.S.)
                   I *shall* do it, if it necessary.

                                KENT (O.S.)
                   I know.  That's why I am sorry.

The hands close the window.  There is another flash.

BELLDANDY stares at AETHAN.  The flesh of his face is pulled back, giving 
him an almost skull-like appearance.

                                  AETHAN
                   <hoarse> There is another option.

He draws his sword, and steps back.  He draws a long, shuddering breath.

When he speaks, it is not in his own voice, but in a warped version of it.

                                  AETHAN
                   "What though the field be lost?
                   All is not lost; Th'unconquerable will

His face continues to twist -- his fangs are more in evidence than ever.

                                  AETHAN
                   And study of revenge, immortal hate,
                   And courage never to submit nor yield:

He lifts up his sword.

                                  AETHAN
                   And what is else not to be overcome?"

There is a long pause.

AETHAN suddenly reverses the blade of the sword so that it points at him, 
and brings it down suddenly on his shoulder, slicing into his torso.  
Everything goes into slow motion as he cuts downward through his body, 
slicing himself almost in half, from shoulder to crotch.  There is no 
blood, at least at first.

After it is done, all is silence.

And then AETHAN lets out a horrid scream as his upper body condenses into 
darkness, and sinks into the ground.

BELLDANDY watches in horror.

A blink of an eye later, it has been replaced, by a somewhat more ethereal 
body.  AETHAN looks to BELLDANDY, and smiles sadly.

                                  AETHAN
                   <soft> This should be enough, I
                   think.  Perhaps not enough to banish
                   it, but enough to make the wards
                   last indefinitely.  Please use it,
                   Verdandi-megamisama.  It is given
                   freely ... but if you could perhaps
                   apologize to a certain soul in the
                   Glad Hall on my behalf, I would
                   appreciate it.

With his final words, he begins to congeal into a stream of bright light 
that flows into BELLDANDY's hands, forming a large ball.  She stares at 
it, with tears in her eyes.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   <whispered> I'm sorry.  I can't do
                   that.

She glares with fury on her face at the pillar of flame, and raises up the 
ball over her head.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   BE THOU BOUND!

She throws the ball at the flame, and they both explode.  When the smoke 
clears, the flame is gone -- transformed into a marker on the wall.  Five 
markers surround a green, glowing dot.

                                  TSUNAMI
                   It is done?

                                 BELLDANDY
                   It is ...

She swoons.  KYOUSUKE slowly comes out of the trance state, and stares 
blearily at the marker on the wall.

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   Oh good.  It worked.  <beat>  I
                   think I'll have a nice lie down now.

He collapses.  TSUNAMI briefly examines each of the others, and then 
vanishes.

Cut to the black plains.  KENT is approaching the huge black sphere.  He 
stops, and looks up at it.

                                   KENT
                   <conversationally> Hello.

                                 ADVERSARY
                   YOU HAVE COME.

                                   KENT
                   You always knew that I would,
                   eventually.

                                 ADVERSARY
                   SHALL WE BEGIN, THEN?

                                   KENT
                   I wouldn't be doing my job if I
                   didn't give you a chance to come
                   peacefully.

                                 ADVERSARY
                   OH?  ALWAYS BEFORE, YOU SEEMED TO
                   DESIRE TO DESTROY ME IN PERSON.

                                   KENT
                   <flinch> I've had some time to think
                   about it.  That's not my right.  I
                   will bring you back to our master,
                   but I do not seek your destruction.
                   I will let Him decide your fate.

                                 ADVERSARY
                   IT DOES NOT MATTER.  I WILL NOT
                   YIELD.  MATERIAL LIFE IS A MISTAKE.
                   IT SHOULD NOT BE PERMITTED.

                                   KENT
                   Then I suppose that there's only one
                   way to settle this.  <beat>  You're
                   under arrest.

The black sphere begins to swell, expanding towards KENT, who stares at it 
calmly, until it reaches him, and then --

The screen goes black.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   It became all but incomprehensible
                   after that.  <beat>  Actually, it
                   hurts to think about it.

Cut to outside the portal.  SERENA is back to her look of extreme fatigue, 
and the other Senshi aren't much better.  The portal itself is trembling 
around the edges.

                                  MIHOSHI
                   Anoo ... do the little wavy things
                   on that gate mean anything?

                                   SKULD
                   <absently> They mean that the portal
                   is starting to collapse.

                                  MIHOSHI
                   Oh.  <beat>  What does that mean,
                   really?

                                   SKULD
                   <sigh> That it's going to close, and
                   we won't be able to open it again,
                   so Mr. Masefield will be trapped on
                   the other side.

                                   RANMA
                   Good!

                                   AKANE
                   Ranma!  Just because he suckered you
                   doesn't mean he deserves to be
                   trapped in the bowels of hell for
                   all eternity!

                                   RANMA
                   Sez you!

TENCHI is staring at the portal with concern on his face.

                                  TENCHI
                   If only ... if only ...

                               WASHUU (O.S.)
                   If only what, Tenchi-dono?

                                  TENCHI
                   If only I knew how to --

Realization.  He whips around to see WASHUU standing a bit behind him, 
holding a fifteen hundred yen toy replica of the Garnet Staff in one hand.

                                  TENCHI
                   Washuu!  When did --

                                  WASHUU
                   Just now.  Tenchi-dono, do you want
                   to help keep that portal open for
                   a little while longer?

                                  TENCHI
                   Yes, definitely.

                                  WASHUU
                   Right, then.  Ryouko ...

RYOUKO teleports next to her mother with a suspicious expression.

                                  RYOUKO
                   What're you up to, this time, *Mom*?

                                  WASHUU
                   <grinning> You'll thank me for this
                   later.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Yeah, right.  <beat>  And what's up
                   with the toy?  Decided to have a
                   third childhood?

                                  WASHUU
                   <blinks> Toy?  This is one of the
                   most powerful --

She looks at the Staff.

                                  WASHUU
                   We're in trouble.

Cut to grey space.  PLUTO is holding very firmly to the real Garnet Staff, 
and smiling without humour.

                                   PLUTO
                   Fool me once, shame on you.  Fool me
                   twice, die in agony.

Back in the real world.

                                  WASHUU
                   So we should really work fast here,
                   okay?  <beat>  Tenchi, you can use
                   your power to add to that which is
                   holding the portal.  You'll need the
                   Tenchi-ken, though.

                                  TENCHI
                   Got it.

He produces it.

                                  WASHUU
                   And you'll need to be in physical
                   contact with Ryouko.

TENCHI's eyes bulge out.  RYOUKO blinks, then grins.  AYEKA looks 
appalled.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Okay!  I like this plan already.

                                  TENCHI
                   Washuu-chan ... is this really --

WASHUU produces her computer and a cushion.

                                  WASHUU
                   Yep.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   It was necessary because she wanted
                   to get accurate readings on the
                   amount of power that Tenchi and
                   Ryouko could generate together.

TENCHI lets out a long sigh and nods.  He extends the Tenchi-Ken before 
him, while RYOUKO takes up a position on his left, pressing her body into 
his, and holding the hand that holds the sword.  For a moment, TENCHI 
seems about to protest ... then clamps down on whatever he was going to 
say.

                                  WASHUU
                   Now ... just project your power out
                   at the portal, but *don't* visualize
                   it as a beam or something like that,
                   think of it as a ... okay, good,
                   you've got it.

The trembling of the portal ceases.  WASHUU watches a graph on her 
computer growing steadily.

                                  WASHUU
                   <muttered> Must be a gestalt.  A
                   natural gestalt.  Cool.  I'm even
                   better than I thought I was.

RANMA watches these proceedings with irritation.

                                   RANMA
                   Arghhh.  Even *he's* got something
                   to do!  I *hate* --

                                   UKYOU
                   Ranchan, why do you have to be the
                   centre of attention?

                                   RANMA
                   What're you talking about, Ucchan?
                   I don't like bein' --

                                   UKYOU
                   Then why not just sit back, relax
                   and let someone else handle it?

RANMA tries to find an answer to that, and fails.

Cut to black.

                                KENT (V.O.)
                   You realize, of course, that it's
                   actually jealousy.

                             ADVERSARY (V.O.)
                   YOU DO NOT KNOW WHAT YOU ARE TALKING
                   ABOUT.

                                KENT (V.O.)
                   I think I do.  He endowed life with
                   the ability to develop beyond what
                   it was, and possibly to develop
                   beyond *us*.  Your pride wouldn't
                   stand for that.

                             ADVERSARY (V.O.)
                   YOU DO NOT KNOW WHAT YOU ARE TALKING
                   ABOUT.  IT WAS NOT THAT, IT WAS --

                                KENT (V.O.)
                   Well?

                             ADVERSARY (V.O.)
                   I REALIZED THAT LIFE WAS A MISTAKE,
                   THAT WAS ALL.

                                KENT (V.O.)
                   A mistake, because they could grow
                   and evolve.

                              ADVERSARY (V.O)
                   NO, BECAUSE THEY COULD -- IT DOES
                   NOT MATTER!

                                KENT (V.O.)
                   I think it does.  <beat>  Maybe it
                   didn't have so much to do with what
                   marvel they could become ... as
                   with the exact opposite.

                             ADVERSARY (V.O.)
                   YOU ARE WRONG!

                                KENT (V.O.)
                   How they could choose to not love
                   Him.  How they could choose to not
                   even admit that He existed.  And how
                   could you, the most perfect of His
                   creations, endure the idea that
                   something could exist that would be
                   both greater than you -- and not
                   admit that your Creator was real?

                             ADVERSARY (V.O.)
                   NO!

KEIICHI heads over to the door of the Nekohanten, and looks in.

                                  KEIICHI
                   Belldandy?

He sees a green light coming from the kitchen and heads towards it, 
slowly.  He opens the door, and sees her lying on the floor.

                                  KEIICHI
                   Belldandy!

He dashes forward, and kneels at her side.  BELLDANDY comes a little ways 
around.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   <woozy> Keiichi-san?

KEIICHI, for once not worrying about the possible consequences of touching 
a goddess, starts to pick her up.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   <woozy> Thank you Keiichi-san.  But
                   make sure that everyone else gets
                   out of this place too ...

                                  KEIICHI
                   <quick> Right!

He gently carries her out of the kitchen, through the dining area, and out 
the front door.

                                  KEIICHI
                   Skuld!

SKULD dashes over.

                                   SKULD
                   Acck!  What happened?!

                                  KEIICHI
                   I don't know.  Look after Belldandy,
                   okay?

He heads back in, this time pulling KYOUSUKE -- who is quite a bit taller 
and heavier than he is -- out with him.

                                  KEIICHI
                   I think we may need to call in an
                   ambulance for this guy ... he looks
                   like he's been bleeding.

One more trip to pick up COLOGNE -- whom he carries at arms length.  By 
now, BELLDANDY has come most of the way around.

                                  KEIICHI
                   What happened?

                                 BELLDANDY
                   We achieved the goal.  We won, after
                   a fashion.  But there was a cost,
                   and it was high.

                                  KEIICHI
                   <dreading> I didn't see that other
                   woman or that guy in there ... did
                   they --

                                 BELLDANDY
                   Lady Tsunami doubtless left at once.
                   The Cosmic Gods have many burdens
                   ... as for Mr. DeGales ... he made a
                   sacrifice of himself.  <beat>  I do
                   not think we will see him as himself
                   again.

KEIICHI seems confused by that, but lets it go.

                                  KEIICHI
                   Are *you* all right?

She looks at him though eyes which have known many tears in the last few 
hours ... and smiles, beautifully.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   Yes.  Thank you, Keiichi-san.

She embraces him, suddenly, causing him to blush like mad.  SKULD, 
standing nearby, looks at them with irritation -- she's obviously not 
*totally* satisfied with the way things turned out -- but doesn't do 
anything.

Cut to blackness.

                             ADVERSARY (V.O.)
                   YOU ARE WRONG!

                                KENT (V.O.)
                   Am I?  Then why haven't you caused
                   more outright exterminations of the
                   life you hate so much?  Why do you
                   get bored so easily with all your
                   schemes?  Because you know, in your
                   soul, that by rebelling like you
                   did, you proved Him right.

                             ADVERSARY (V.O.)
                   ENOUGH!  YOU ARE STRIVING TO DO AS
                   YOU HAVE ALWAYS DONE AND DISTRACT ME
                   FROM MY AIMS!  SO BE IT!  I SHALL
                   DESTROY THAT PATHETIC LITTLE WORLD
                   ON WHICH YOU DWELT!

                                KENT (V.O.)
                   No you won't.

                             ADVERSARY (V.O.)
                   WHO SHALL STOP ME?  THE CREATOR HAS
                   NEVER INTERFERED --

                                KENT (V.O.)
                   Yes he has.  But I'm going to stop
                   you this time.

                             ADVERSARY (V.O.)
                   YOU?  HOW WILL YOU STOP ME?

                                KENT (V.O.)
                   The way I'm stopping you, now.

                             ADVERSARY (V.O.)
                   YOU ARE NOT -- <beat> WHAT HAVE YOU
                   DONE?

                                KENT (V.O.)
                   Learned a lot about martial arts.
                   You'd be surprised how they can
                   apply even at this scale.  This is
                   something I was taught by a man
                   named Tendou Souun.  I don't think
                   you can break it.

                             ADVERSARY (V.O.)
                   THEN YOU WILL BE BOUND HERE AS WELL!
                   DOWN HERE!  IN THE DARK!  ALONE!

                                KENT (V.O.)
                   Am I alone?

                             ADVERSARY (V.O.)
                   YOU ARE DOWN HERE WITH ME!

                                KENT (V.O.)
                   So?

For a moment, there is silence.

And then an unearthly howl of rage and horror rings through the darkness.

And everything goes white.

Cut to the kitchen.  While sitting at the table, PATRICIA suddenly jerks, 
spilling her juice.

                                 PATRICIA
                   It's over.

                                  KASUMI
                   It is?  I don't --

                                 PATRICIA
                   I don't know how I know ... but it's
                   over.  Everything is ... different.

She stands up, suddenly.

                                 PATRICIA
                   I have to go to him.

She dashes off.  KASUMI rises from the table, and heads over to the 
window.  She looks out to see PATRICIA dashing out of the house.

                                  KASUMI
                   <whispered> Good luck.

Cut to outside the gate.  The trembling of the portal has resumed, and is 
getting worse.  Everyone seems to be showing the strain.

                                  KEIICHI
                   Belldandy, could you --

                                 BELLDANDY
                   <shakes head> No ... my reserves of
                   power are all but drained.

AYEKA looks at TENCHI, whose back is to her, and who is almost shaking 
with the strain, with longing.  She turns to look at WASHUU.

                                   AYEKA
                   Excuse me ... Washuu-chan ... could
                   ... do you think ...

                                  WASHUU
                   <bored>  No, adding your energies to
                   the gestalt probably wouldn't cause
                   a measurable increase.  But go ahead
                   and try it anyway if you feel like
                   it.

AYEKA looks down at SASAMI, whose head is still resting in her lap.  Her 
face is uncertain.  Suddenly, a hand touches her shoulder.  She looks up 
to see SHAMPOO looking down at her.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   <Mandarin> I'll do it.  I'll watch
                   over her.  You go do magic.

                                   AYEKA
                   <Mandarin> Th-thank you!

SHAMPOO sits, and they gently move SASAMI's head to her lap.  Then AYEKA 
rises, and confidently walks over to take TENCHI's right side as RYOUKO 
took his left.

                                  TENCHI
                   <confused> Ayeka-san?  What are you
                   do--

AYEKA responds by closing her hand over TENCHI's hand, on the Tenchi-Ken.  
Which means, however, that she winds up touching RYOUKO's hand, much to 
their mutual disgust.  They shoot each other a quick, hostile look, then 
"Hmph" forward.  For his part, TENCHI seems rather frightened.

WASHUU is very startled to see the graph of the power output shoot up 
dramatically.

                                  WASHUU
                   Wait a minute, that means --

The graph enters a red zone, and an insistent beeping begins.  WASHUU 
tries to pull back from the computer --

Just as it blows up, sending her flying backwards.

A few seconds later, a mildly toasted WASHUU rolls up into a seated 
position.

                                  WASHUU
                   Well.  That was unexpected.

RANMA blinks at this, then sees SHAMPOO and SASAMI.

                                   RANMA
                   Shampoo?  What --

                                  SHAMPOO
                   <quiet> Shampoo know what it like to
                   see loved one in trouble and not be
                   able to help.  <beat>  Shampoo know
                   *that* well.

RANMA stares at her ... and comprehension slowly starts to dawn.  He opens 
his mouth.

                                   AKANE
                   Something's coming through!

And a hand has already stuck part of the way out of the portal.  SERENA's 
face twists in agony as it comes further.  RANMA looks around, and then 
shrugs.

                                   RANMA
                   Ah, hell.

He dashes over to the gate, grabs hold of the hand, and *yanks* KENT all 
the way through -- KENT, who is wearing the vest and pants he was wearing 
when he went in (now somewhat torn up) and his glasses.

                                   KENT
                   <hoarse> Shut it!

SERENA nods, and closes her hands around the crystal, pulling it back to 
her.  She almost faints, and DARIEN is only just able to hold her up.  
TENCHI lowers the Tenchiken, and almost seems to sway when he does.  The 
Sailors look exhausted.

The portal trembles for a second longer ... then swiftly irises shut.

                                   KENT
                   <sigh> Mission accomplished. <to
                   RANMA> Thanks.

RANMA glares at him, as they get to their feet.

                                   RANMA
                   Listen, I'm still pissed about the
                   thing with the nerve pinch, so don't
                   go thankin' me just yet, 'cause --

                                   KENT
                   <faint smile> I'll let you beat me
                   up later.  Okay?

RANMA seems somewhat mollified.

                                  TENCHI
                   What happened to the prophecy?

                                   KENT
                   <shrug> As near as I can figure it,
                   what it meant was, "three will go
                   *together* into the gate at one time
                   and two will come out *together* at
                   another."  It doesn't actually say
                   anything about the one who doesn't
                   come out.  I jumped to a conclusion.
                   Sorry.

                                  TENCHI
                   <sigh> Okay.  So what happened with
                   the fight?

Behind them, PATRICIA rounds the corner to catch sight of KENT.  She takes 
a deep breath --

And then she sees something.

                                   KENT
                   Well ... it's a long story, but it's
                   probably enough to say that the
                   Adversary won't be causing any more
                   problems.

                                   AKANE
                   Really?  How --

                                   KENT
                   I gave him some things to think
                   about.  It was a hell of a fight,
                   but --

                                 PATRICIA
                   Stop it.

KENT turns to look at PATRICIA, as does everyone else.  She is staring at 
him with heartbreak in her eyes.

                                   KENT
                   <confused> Patricia?  Is something
                   the matter?

                                 PATRICIA
                   <angry> Stop it.  <beat>  I don't
                   know who you are ... and I don't
                   really care, but stop pretending to
                   be Kent.

                                   KENT
                   Patricia ... I *am* Kent, what are
                   you --

She holds up his glasses.

The ones he left with her.

The ones he seems to be wearing right now.

Everyone tenses.  KENT slowly reaches up to take off his glasses, and let 
them fall to the ground.  His eyes are closed.

                                   KENT
                   It's the details.  The details mess
                   up every great con ever pulled.

He opens his eyes.

They are jet black.  No cornea, no iris.  And they don't shine like a 
fully dilated pupil would.

                                 PATRICIA
                   W-who are you?

                                   KENT
                   I am sorry, Patricia.  Kent is dead.
                   I know all that he knew ... I feel
                   all that he felt ... but he lives no
                   longer.

Everyone reacts to the sight of KENT's eyes with shock and dread -- there 
is also an undercurrent of despair that the battle still isn't over.

                                 PATRICIA
                   <nervous> Are you the Adversary?

                                   KENT
                   <shakes head>  That much was true.
                   He is gone, as well.

                                 PATRICIA
                   <understanding> You're the Defender,
                   then.

                                   KENT
                   The Defender no longer, but yes.  I
                   ... have been given new duties, as
                   penance for my rebellion.

                                 PATRICIA
                   And those are?

                                   KENT
                   Unimportant.

He briefly looks over the Gathered, and seems to almost despair at the way 
they are looking at him.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   We were all of us, even those who
                   hadn't had to support the portal,
                   bone-tired.  Maybe that, and the
                   sheer ... strangeness of what had
                   just happened, was why none of us
                   did much of anything but stare.
                   <beat> I do know one thing ... if
                   I hadn't heard Aethan's final
                   words, I know that *his* next ones
                   would have been the ones that I'd
                   never forget.

                                   KENT
                   Why do you look at me with such fear
                   in your eyes?  None of you have the
                   least idea who you are.  For aeons I
                   believed that I was surrounding my
                   proxies with capable warriors to aid
                   in their battles.  I fooled myself.
                   <beat> You did not know, in truth,
                   what the stakes were ... yet you
                   gave freely of yourselves.  Your
                   courage is magnificent.  It has been
                   an honor that I shall remember
                   forever to have known each of you.

He draws in a deep breath.

                                   KENT
                   But I must go.  This world cannot
                   bear me for very long.  <beat> We
                   shall meet again, though.  At the
                   end.  There will be a moment of
                   blinding light, and then you will
                   see me ... your old friend.  Until
                   then, goodbye.  Goodbye, Patricia.
                   Once again, I am leaving you.

                                 PATRICIA
                   Like.  Hell.  You.  Are.

He turns to look at her, shocked, and sees that she is burning with a grey 
light.

                                 PATRICIA
                   You're taking me with you.

                                   KENT
                   <shocked> I can't.  You would not be
                   able to survive where I am going.

                                 PATRICIA
                   <sincere> I won't be able to survive
                   *here* if you're not here.  Take me
                   with you.

                                   KENT
                   You don't know what you're asking.

                                 PATRICIA
                   Who's asking?  <beat>  You know, I
                   did some thinking.  I don't do that
                   very often, but I've had to lately.
                   And I sez to myself, self, I sez,
                   if I can make the whole suit of
                   "armor" appear around me, why not
                   just parts of it?  Like, the jump
                   jets?

ANDREW looks *very* alarmed, and starts heading towards her, slowly.

                                   KENT
                   Patricia, this is irresponsible of
                   you.  It's --

                                 PATRICIA
                   -- the sort of crazy, adolescent
                   stunt that only a seventeen year old
                   girl would do?  Guess what?  <beat>
                   Take me with you, or I'll fire the 
                   jump jets.  Assuming I don't fry
                   instantly, the stress will probably
                   snap my back like a twig.

KENT starts walking towards her, shaking his head slowly.  He is standing 
right before her.

                                   KENT
                   Why?  Why are you --

                                 PATRICIA
                   Because I love you you dumb *fuck*!
                   <crying> I want to be with you ...
                   always ... I've never gotten that.
                   *Never.*

He embraces her.

                                   KENT
                   I *can't*.

PATRICIA closes her eyes.

                                 PATRICIA
                   Then I can't either.

There is a click, and a sudden hissing noise.  With a roar, they are both 
enveloped in flame.

                                  ANDREW
                   NO!

He starts dashing towards them, only to trip over an inconveniently placed 
foot.  He looks up, while WASHUU does her best to look innocent.

Only a few seconds after the fire begins, they have both vanished.  Not 
even ashes remain.

                                   RAYE
                   <quiet> Oh my god she killed them
                   both.

There is a very long moment of silence.

And then PATRICIA, seeming none the worse for the wear, dressed in a plain 
white gown, and carrying a bundle, appears where she was before.  She has 
a chagrined look on her face.

                                 PATRICIA
                   Um ... sorry about the hysterics,
                   you guys.

ANDREW pushes himself to his feet over her next words.

                                 PATRICIA
                   I really hope that I haven't given
                   any of you ideas about how it's ...
                   glamourous to kill yourselves if you
                   can't be with one you love, because
                   it's --

ANDREW starts running towards her, she breaks off, cocks back a fist and 
*slams* it into his face knocking him back.

                                 PATRICIA
                   <angry> Don't.  You.  Come near me.

ANDREW, shocked, rolls up into a seated position.  He checks his nose, and 
sure enough, it's broken.

                                 PATRICIA
                   Do you have any idea how much your
                   viruses changed my body?  Do you
                   know how hard Kent had to work to
                   fix them?

ANDREW swallows, and opens his mouth.

                                 PATRICIA
                   And don't say you're sorry, because
                   you're not.  You're sorry you got
                   caught.  You're sorry I found out.
                   Well here's something else for you
                   to be sorry for:  you're sorry that
                   until you make *serious* amends,
                   you're not coming near your only
                   granddaughter.

The bundle that she's carrying begins to shift, revealing it to be a tiny 
infant, perhaps a few days old, wrapped in warm blankets.

                                   RANMA
                   A baby?  Where the hell did you get
                   a baby --

                                 PATRICIA
                   If you have to be *told* that at
                   *your* age --

                                   AKANE
                   How did you -- why did you --

                                 PATRICIA
                   Oh.  <beat>   Well ... Kent showed
                   me a little of where he was going.
                   And he was right ... I couldn't have
                   survived there.  So after he put me
                   back together ... I asked him to
                   give me something to remember him.
                   I know, I know ... cliche ... but it
                   felt right.  <beat; looks at ANDREW>
                   Especially since he'd fixed me so
                   that I *could* have children, I
                   mean.

She looks down at her daughter's face, and the bitterness fades.

                                 PATRICIA
                   We named her Patience.  <beat>  Or
                   Shinobu.  <beat>  It's appropriate.

She looks up, again.

                                 PATRICIA
                   *Now*, it's over.

Fade to black.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   It wasn't, of course.  Nothing ever
                   ends that simply.

Cut to an exterior shot of the dojo.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   My father finally got out of bed the
                   very next day, after the fortress
                   in our back yard took off again,
                   taking Mr. Delafontaine and the rest
                   of the PDF team with it.  He didn't
                   seem to have any recollection of
                   anything after dinner on the second
                   day, so we didn't discuss it with
                   him.  <beat>  True to her word,
                   Nabiki moved out the day after that.
                   We still hear from her regularly.
                   <beat> As we now had a spare room,
                   Patricia asked if she could possibly
                   rent it from us, and Dad, always
                   willing to find a source of income
                   that didn't require work, was glad
                   to welcome her on as a boarder.
                   <beat> Some other things happened
                   over the next few days that were
                   kind of important.

Flash.  Cut to a hospital bedroom, where KYOUSUKE is lying in an 
uncomfortable bed.  MADOKA walks in, looking annoyed.  KYOUSUKE flashes a 
sheepish grin.

                                  MADOKA
                   I swear, I ought never to let you
                   out of the house.  You go to Bosnia,
                   and almost get blown up.  You go to
                   Nerima, and get involved in some
                   business that the *government* is
                   trying to cover up ...

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   I'm sorry ... I'll tell you all
                   about it later.  <joking>  Anything
                   interesting happen while I was out?

                                  MADOKA
                   Yes.  <beat>  I called Hikaru, and
                   she'll definitely be able to be here
                   in two months for the wedding.  My
                   parents won't, but ... oh well.
                   There's more important things.

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   Huh?  What more important things?

                                  MADOKA
                   <leans in> If you think I'm gonna
                   let my parents stop me from having
                   our first child born in wedlock,
                   you're crazy.

KYOUSUKE's mouth drops all the way to his stomach.

Flash.  Cut to outside the Nekohanten.  BELLDANDY is still resting beside 
the building, as MINAKO approaches hesitantly.

                                  MINAKO
                   Um ... excuse me?

                                 BELLDANDY
                   Yes?

                                  MINAKO
                   Please ... you've gotta tell me what
                   happened to Aethan.  He ... I have
                   to know.

BELLDANDY is silent, then sighs.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   I shall try.  In order to provide
                   enough raw power to activate a
                   spell we were casting, he ... cut
                   his soul into two *roughly* equal
                   parts.  You could call them a good
                   half and a bad half, but that would
                   be oversimplifying.  The `good half'
                   provided the magic ... while the
                   other went elsewhere.

                                  MINAKO
                   What happened to it?

                                 BELLDANDY
                   I don't know.  I'm sorry.

MINAKO nods ... and turns around to see RAYE looking at her with an 
apprehensive expression.

                                  MINAKO
                   <shakes her head> Damn you.  Damn
                   you for being so damn cruel to him.

RAYE becomes shocked when MINAKO starts speaking, and by the end her mouth 
is gaping.

                                   RAYE
                   *Me*?  Cruel to *him*?

                                  MINAKO
                   Do you deny it?  I followed you, I
                   saw what you did!

                                   RAYE
                   Oh really.  Well.  Here's a way of
                   looking at it that I don't think
                   you've considered.  He asked me to
                   kill him.

                                  MINAKO
                   You could have just said no, you
                   didn't have to --

                                   RAYE
                   He asked me to kill him, because he
                   was so broken up about what had
                   happened to his friend.  <beat>  He
                   didn't spare a moment to think about
                   his "lover" -- you -- or how his
                   death would hurt you.  All he cared
                   about was his own, private little
                   pain. <beat> Maybe I was too harsh,
                   but I was not too cruel.

She turns and walks away.

Flash.  Cut to MINAKO's bedroom.  MINAKO sits on her bed, holding ARTEMIS 
closely.

                                  MINAKO
                   Artemis ... do you think Aethan was 
                   a good person?

                                  ARTEMIS
                   Well ... I don't think he was a bad
                   one.  <beat>  I do think he cared
                   about you ... a lot.

                                  MINAKO
                   <pressing> But do you think he'll go
                   to heaven?

                                  ARTEMIS
                   <confused> I really don't know ...
                   why, Mina-chan?

She opens her mouth just as the phone in the kitchen rings.  She sets 
ARTEMIS down, and gets up.

In the kitchen she picks up the phone.

                                  MINAKO
                   Moshi moshi?

                               AETHAN (TEL)
                   <confused> Minako?

                                  MINAKO
                   <overjoyed> AETHAN!  Where are you?
                   What happened?

                               AETHAN (TEL)
                   I'm really not sure ... the last
                   thing I recall is getting on a plane
                   to come to Japan and meet you ...
                   and now I wake up and it's six days
                   later!  What in the world has been
                   going on?

She opens her mouth to reply ... and then the image of him standing before 
the cairn appears briefly.

                               AETHAN (TEL)
                   Minako?

                                  MINAKO
                   I ... don't know either, Aethan.  I
                   was really worried about you, after
                   you disappeared.  Could you maybe
                   come and see me?

                               AETHAN (TEL)
                   I'm sorry, Minako, but ... I have to
                   be getting back to my work.  I only
                   allotted the last five days to visit
                   you ... I truly am sorry.

MINAKO bites her lip.

                                  MINAKO
                   It's okay.  There'll be other times,
                   right?

                               AETHAN (TEL)
                   Of course.  Listen, they're calling
                   my flight.  I'll give you a ring
                   in a few days, all right?

                                  MINAKO
                   Sure.

                               AETHAN (TEL)
                   I truly hate weirdness, don't you?
                   Goodbye, Minako-chan.

                                  MINAKO
                   Bye.

The connection is cut.  She stands for a few moments, listening to the 
voice tell her to hang up the phone.

                                  MINAKO
                   It's okay.  As long as he's alive,
                   it's okay.  Right?  Right.

Flash.  Cut to the site of the gate.  WASHUU is quietly staring at where 
it was.

                                  WASHUU
                   Time for our reckoning?

She turns to look at PLUTO, who is looking at her without expression.

                                   PLUTO
                   I have one question.  <beat>  Why
                   did you interfere?

                                  WASHUU
                   With them?  <beat>  Because like he
                   said ... he leaves her, every time.
                   And I couldn't stand to see him
                   leave her again ... after having
                   watched him leave her when she was
                   my mother, and he was my father.

                                   PLUTO
                   When was this?

                                  WASHUU
                   A long time ago.  <beat>  In a
                   galaxy far, far away.  <beat>
                   Well?

                                   PLUTO
                   I have decided ... to not extract a
                   hideous vengeance from you, Washuu.
                   Perhaps my princess is affecting
                   my thinking ... but my heart isn't
                   in it.  Not now.

                                  WASHUU
                   Good.  I'd have kicked your ass.

                                   PLUTO
                   <sigh> You go right on believing
                   that, Washuu.

WASHUU turns to look at her, and smiles wanly.

                                  WASHUU
                   Y'know, it was sort of good to see
                   you again.  We should try it again
                   some time.  Like in another twelve
                   thousand years.

Flash.  Cut to the temple at Nekomi.  SKULD is working on her computer 
when URD comes in.

                                    URD
                   So whatcha doing now?

                                   SKULD
                   Well, now that we've got *names* to
                   go with some of the more prominent
                   nexi of improbability, I'm keeping
                   track of them.

URD peers at the computer.  Dots marked "SERENA" and "RANMA" are moving 
around on a map of Tokyo, while another one is in a different window, 
showing a map of Okayama prefecture.  It is marked "MIHOSHI", and has a 
skull and crossbones on it.

                                    URD
                   <grudging> Not bad ... hmp.  You
                   know, I just thought of something.
                   If these guys are so improbable, why
                   do they show up on these scans?  I
                   mean, the improbable thing to do
                   would be to not show up, right?

                                   SKULD
                   Are you kidding?  These are multiply
                   redundant, automatic error checking
                   scanners.  The only way they could
                   miss a nexus like this is if they
                   were so improbable as to --

                              KEIICHI (O.S.)
                   I'm home!

The screen goes blank.

                                   SKULD
                   Aaagh!  This is the fifth time this
                   has happened!

URD looks off in the general direction where KEIICHI's voice issued from, 
then back at the computer.  She appears to be giving something a great 
deal of thought.

                                    URD
                   Naaa.

Flash.  Cut to the foyer of SERENA's house, as she enters.

                                  SERENA
                   I'm home!

IKUKO, SERENA's mother, comes into the foyer, smiling pleasantly.

                                   IKUKO
                   Hello, dear, how was your day?

                                  SERENA
                   <smiles> Just fine.

                                   IKUKO
                   Your new English teacher dropped by
                   for a visit ... Mr. McGovern!  She's
                   here!

MCGOVERN comes into the foyer, also smiling.

                                 MCGOVERN
                   <English> Hi!

                                  SERENA
                   <English> Hi.  <beat>  I am a big
                   fan of Menudo.

                                 MCGOVERN
                   Don't admit that in public, okay?

                                  SERENA
                   <nods> Yes.

Cut to outside the Tsukino home.  MCGOVERN and SERENA are talking quietly.

                                 MCGOVERN
                   Well, I am going to be teaching
                   English at your high school this
                   year, so it's not too far fetched.
                   But that's really only my cover
                   identity.  I'm really here on
                   assignment.

                                  SERENA
                   To do ... what?

                                 MCGOVERN
                   I'm keeping an eye on the future
                   ruler of Crystal Tokyo.

                                  SERENA
                   Oh.  <beat>  OH?

                                 MCGOVERN
                   Yeah.  And I was also instructed to
                   give you some things, by Kent.

He produces a large manila envelope, and hands it to her.  She opens it, 
and looks through it.

                                  SERENA
                   What is all this?

                                 MCGOVERN
                   Command codes, passwords, locations
                   of secret bank accounts ... just the
                   stuff that someone who wanted to run
                   the Planetary Defense Forces would
                   need to do it.

                                  SERENA
                   Excuse me?

                                 MCGOVERN
                   Apparently, at some point, Kent saw
                   into your soul, Ms. Tsukino.  He'd
                   picked up a saying from one of his
                   teachers -- "Who knows what evil
                   lurks in the hearts of men?  *I*
                   know" -- but when he looked into
                   your heart ... he found a complete
                   lack of evil intent.

                                  SERENA
                   Uh ... well, I think I know when
                   this happened, and he really didn't
                   take a very close look, so --

                                 MCGOVERN
                   I'm inclined to agree with him.

SERENA makes an "eek" face.

                                 MCGOVERN
                   Any way, he decided that you were
                   his choice to head up the PDF, after
                   he ... well, you know.  <beat>  And
                   even if I thought he'd screwed up
                   badly, you'll probably do better
                   than the UN's choice.  She's this
                   Greek woman who can fling lightning
                   bolts big enough to make your Sailor
                   Jupiter feel insecure.  She's a good
                   soldier, but not quite my pick to
                   defend the Earth from all threats,
                   native and alien.

                                  SERENA
                   But ... I don't know anything about
                   running an army!  I ...

                                 MCGOVERN
                   How about running a kingdom?  Gotta
                   start somewhere.

SERENA looks down at the manila envelope, and lets out a sigh.

Flash.  Cut to the Tendou home once again.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   And then ... there was the most
                   important thing.  At least to me.

Cut to inside the Tendou home.  AKANE knocks on the door to NABIKI's old 
room.

                              PATRICIA (O.S.)
                   Come in, Akane-san.

AKANE opens the door with an odd expression on her face.  PATRICIA is 
nursing her baby.

                                 PATRICIA
                   <smiles> I know, I shouldn't show
                   off like that ... but you are such a
                   storm cloud, Akane-san.  You seem to
                   almost broadcast yourself and all
                   your thoughts, constantly.

                                   AKANE
                   So then you know why I've come here?

                                 PATRICIA
                   No, you're keeping that thought
                   pretty quiet.

                                   AKANE
                   Did Kent tell you ... just what
                   happened during his fight with the
                   Adversary?

                                 PATRICIA
                   He didn't so much tell me as show
                   me.  And only parts of it.  My
                   mind isn't big enough to have all
                   of it.

                                   AKANE
                   I'd really like to see what you can
                   show me of it ...

PATRICIA looks at AKANE and smiles for a long moment.

                                   AKANE
                   What?

                                 PATRICIA
                   <shakes head> That wouldn't be close
                   to enough, for you, Akane-san.  I
                   understand ... you came into the
                   story fairly late, and now you want
                   to understand the whole thing.

                                   AKANE
                   Well, yes ... that *is* part of it.

                                 PATRICIA
                   But just the story from Kent's POV
                   won't do it for you.  You'd have to
                   talk to everyone who was part of it.
                   And more than talk ... *think* with
                   them.  <beat>  Still want to do it?

AKANE nods, once.

                                 PATRICIA
                   All right.  Then I'll help.  But you
                   have to make me a promise.  I want
                   you to write it all down.

                                   AKANE
                   You mean ... write a book?

                                 PATRICIA
                   Yes.

                                   AKANE
                   ... I've never even considered being
                   a writer.  I wouldn't know where to
                   start.

                                 PATRICIA
                   I have faith that you'll figure out
                   where to start, Akane-san.  Do you
                   promise?

She holds up a pinky.  AKANE stares at it for a moment, then realizes what 
PATRICIA means.  She sighs, and makes a pinky swear.

                                 PATRICIA
                   Okay.  This is the way it was.

Cut to black.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   And she gave it to me.  Direct
                   download, right to my brain.  And
                   like she said, most of it was too
                   darn big for me.  <beat>  Even after
                   she used the telepathy Kent had left
                   her to increase my own gifts in that
                   area to the point where I could get
                   the information I needed.

Cut to a series of rapid sequences of AKANE talking with various members 
of the cast -- some freely (MINAKO), and some not so freely (SHAMPOO).

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   I couldn't get everything ... some
                   of them had extremely strong mental
                   shields around their memories, like
                   Ryouga does, for example ... but I
                   think I have enough to write the
                   book that Patricia wanted me to
                   write.  I hope I do.  The telepathy
                   is wearing off, and so is the
                   expanded memory.  I felt it fading
                   even as I first started to write.
                   <beat> Dammit, I managed to come up
                   with the perfect start to this, and
                   now I can't figure out how to *end*
                   it.

There is a long silence.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   Got it.

Cut to PATRICIA's room.  PATRICIA is once again sitting and talking with 
AKANE.  Patience is lying in a cradle, on which PATRICIA keeps at least 
one eye at all times.

                                   AKANE
                   I still don't understand how you can
                   stand it ...

                                 PATRICIA
                   Stand what?

                                   AKANE
                   Being separated from him ... being
                   alone.

                                 PATRICIA
                   I focus on two things, Akane.  The
                   first is that the distance that
                   separates us isn't so great.  It's
                   only a few decades, after all.

                                   AKANE
                   Decades.  You're shrugging off so 
                   many years, Patricia-san.

                                 PATRICIA
                   Let me put it another way.  I've
                   been alive for seventeen years,
                   right?

                                   AKANE
                   Right.

                                 PATRICIA
                   Seventeen years isn't much, really.
                   But it's a bit over six thousand
                   days, and well over seven hundred
                   and fifty thousand hours.  But if 
                   you break time up into that -- hours
                   -- it becomes vast and unwieldy.  So
                   I don't think of eighteen years, for
                   example, as being very long at all.

                                   AKANE
                   Okay ... I think I see your point.
                   What's the other thing.

                                 PATRICIA
                   That if I've picked up some of his
                   timelessness, he must have picked up
                   some of my *time*.  So he's out
                   there, doing his duty ... and even
                   though he doesn't feel the pressure
                   of time the way we mortals do, he
                   still feels its passage ... so that
                   when he and I are reunited, it won't
                   be, "Oh, there you are.  It's only
                   been a very little while for me."
                   When we are together again ... it's
                   going to be magic ...

Cut to black.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   That's the message, the moral I
                   guess, that I found in all of this.
                   That reality can and does seem
                   different, depending on your point
                   of view ... and that true love is
                   patient.  <beat>  There are others,
                   probably, but those were the ones
                   that mattered to me.  <beat>  It's
                   a strange world.  I know that now.
                   But it's my world, and I'm part of 
                   it.

Cut to a hand, writing in a book.  It writes the last part of AKANE's 
line, then sets down the pencil, closes the book, and rests her hand on 
it.  Our view changes to show that it's AKANE.  She lets out a long sigh, 
then pushes the chair back from her desk in her room, stands up, and 
stretches.  AKANE then turns and heads out of the room.

She walks past the living room, where we briefly see KASUMI, PATRICIA 
(holding Patience) and SERENA talking enthusiastically.  She heads out of 
the house.

She walks down the street that she once took to go to school, and 
eventually comes to the chain link fence overlooking the flood channel.  
RANMA is perched on top of the fence.  She looks up at him.

                                   AKANE
                   Ranma?  What are you doing?

                                   RANMA
                   Thinkin'.

                                   AKANE
                   All right ... what are you thinking
                   about?

                                   RANMA
                   Akane ... am I a jerk?

                                   AKANE
                   You're asking *me* this?

                                   RANMA
                   <slumps> I mean ... well, I've been
                   lookin' back on the last few days,
                   and ... I've always told myself that
                   I don't like all the dumb stuff that
                   winds up happening to me ... but now
                   I'm starting to wonder if maybe I
                   actually do.  If I actually bring it
                   on me, because I gotta always be the
                   center of attention, like Ucchan
                   said.

                               AKANE (O.S.)
                   Ranma ...

                                   RANMA
                   I mean ... it's bad enough realizing
                   that even being the toughest martial
                   artist in the whole world ... it's
                   not enough.  There's guys -- and
                   *girls* -- who've got more power
                   than I've got.  But I think I've
                   pretty much reached my limit ... and
                   I think the only way I could get
                   better is if I stopped caring if I
                   lived or died.  And I can't do that.
                   I've got too much to live for.

He lowers his head.

                                   RANMA
                   You know that I love you, right?

Our view expands to show AKANE crouched on the fence beside him.

                                   AKANE
                   I was pretty sure of it, yes.

RANMA turns to her and blinks.

                                   RANMA
                   Wait a minute.  Since when can you
                   do this?

                                   AKANE
                   What makes you think I couldn't from
                   the very start?  I just never felt
                   the need.

                                   RANMA
                   Huh.  <beat>  So?

                                   AKANE
                   What?

                                   RANMA
                   You know what.  Aren't you gonna say
                   what I said to you?

                                   AKANE
                   Baka.  I know that you know how I
                   feel about you.

                                   RANMA
                   I mean ... aaaargh.

AKANE smiles at him as he tries to ask again without saying the words "Do 
you love me?"  And so they go on.

Cut to PATRICIA, carrying Patience, and walking down the street.  A few 
minutes later, she comes to the spot where the portal stood, and stands in 
silence for a second.  Then she tenses, and looks up at the roof of a 
nearby building.  And smiles.

                              JESSICA (O.S.)
                   <bitter> You have it all, don't you?

PATRICIA slowly turns to look at her.  JESSICA is standing some distance 
away, gazing at her with hatred and anger and grief.

                                  JESSICA
                   <bitter> You've got everything.  You
                   carry his legacy forward, and I ...
                   I want your life.

PATRICIA shakes her head.

                                 PATRICIA
                   You can't have it.

JESSICA slumps ... and turns to head off.

                                 PATRICIA
                   He did care about you.

                                  JESSICA
                   Not enough.

She exits.  PATRICIA lets out a long sigh, and starts to walk away.

Our point of view slowly climbs the side of the building she looked at 
earlier.  When we reach the top, we see that the being who was KENT is 
standing on it, looking down.  He is wearing his glasses and the clothes 
he wore on arriving in Japan, including the brown jacket that was 
destroyed when NINIANE burned.  He looks down at PATRICIA, and smiles 
quietly.

                                   KENT
                   One more thing to do, then I must
                   get back to work.

He reaches into his jacket pocket, pulls out a tiny globe of light, and 
releases it into the air.  It floats, but does not ascend.

                                   KENT
                   Well?  What are you waiting for, an
                   engraved invitation?

                                 ADVERSARY
                   no.  i still don't understand parts
                   of it ... i don't understand why he
                   didn't explain it to me.  why i was
                   necessary.

                                   KENT
                   Ah.  Freedom to choose.

                                 ADVERSARY
                   i still don't --

                                   KENT
                   Not your freedom to choose.  Their
                   freedom, to choose not to love Him.
                   Only by giving an example of one who
                   chose not to love Him could he add
                   the capability to do the same to all
                   life -- and love that isn't given
                   freely isn't love at all ... it's
                   obligation.  Now do you understand?

                                 ADVERSARY
                   i think so ...

There is silence for a few moments.

                                   KENT
                   Then what are you waiting for?

                                 ADVERSARY
                   does he miss me?  as much as i have
                   missed him?

KENT's face suddenly softens, and he smiles again as he slowly shakes his 
head.

                                   KENT
                   More.

The tiny bubble of light begins to slowly rise towards the sky.

                                 ADVERSARY
                   thank you ...

                                   KENT
                   Any time, Father.  Any time.

And then it rises out of sight.  KENT looks up at the sky for a long 
moment, his smile fading.

                                   KENT
                   <whispered> One day.  One day ...

He shakes his head, and lets the image of KENT fade around him, to allow 
his true visage to appear -- a seven foot tall skeleton, dressed in a 
black robe, carrying a scythe.

                                   DEATH
                   UNTIL THEN ... THE WORK.

And he vanishes ... with the sound of wings.

                                 FADE OUT

                                  THE END


                          ED:  "Say You, Say Me"
                        Lyrics by:  Lionel Richie, 
                      Performed By:  Sorewa Himitsuyo

Say you, say me; say it for always
That's the way it should be
Say you, say me; say it together
Naturally

I had a dream; I had an awesome dream
People in the park playing games in the dark
And what they played was a masquerade
And from behind of walls of doubt a voice was crying out
   
Say you, say me; say it for always
That's the way it should be
Say you, say me; say it together
Naturally
   
As we go down life's lonesome highway
Seems the hardest thing to do is to find a friend or two
A helping hand - Some one who understands
That when you feel you've lost your way
You've got some one there to say "I'll show you"

Say you, say me; say it for always
That's the way it should be
Say you, say me; say it together
Naturally

So you think you know the answers - Oh no
'Couse the whole world has got you dancing
That's right - I'm telling you
It's time to start believing - Oh yes
Believing who you are: You are a shining star

Say you, say me; say it for always
That's the way it should be
Say you, say me; say it together
Naturally

Say it together... 
Naturally.

  Morisato Keiichi ......................... Kikuchi Masami 
  Belldandy .................................. Inoue Kikuko 
  Skuld ...................................... Hisakawa Aya 
  Urd .......................................... Touma Yumi
  Mara ....................................... Takano Urara
  Kasuga Kyosuke ............................. Furuya Tohru 
  Ayukawa Madoka ............................. Tsuru Hiromi 
  Kasuga Akane ............................... Matsui Naoko 
  Kyosuke's grandfather ..................... Ogata Kenichi
  Koyama Shiken ................................ Yao Kazuki
  Saotome Ranma (boy-type) ............... Yamaguchi Kappei 
  Saotome Ranma (girl-type) ............ Hayashibara Megumi 
  Tendou Akane .............................. Hidaka Noriko 
  Tendou Kasumi .............................. Inoue Kikuko 
  Tendou Nabiki ........................... Takayama Minami 
  Tendou Souun ........................ Oubayashi Ryunosuke
  Shampoo ...................................... Sakuma Rei 
  Kuonji Ukyou ............................... Tsuru Hiromi 
  Hibiki Ryouga .......................... Yamadera Kouichi 
  Happosai .................................. Nagai Ichirou 
  Kunou Tatewaki ......................... Suzuoki Hirotaka 
  Cologne ..................................... Asou Miyoko
  Pantyhose Tarou ..................... Furumoto Shinnosuke
  Kurenai Konatsu ............................ Ogata Megumi
  Serena Tsukino / Sailor Moon ........... Mitsuishi Kotono 
  Amy Mizuno / Sailor Mercury ................ Hisakawa Aya
  Raye Hino / Sailor Mars ................. Tomizawa Michie
  Lita Kino / Sailor Jupiter ................ Shinohara Emi
  Aino Minako / Sailor Venus .................. Fukami Rica
  Sailor Pluto .......................... Kawashima Chiyoko
  Darien Chiba / Tuxedo Mask ................. Furuya Tohru
  Luna .......................................... Han Keiko
  Artemis ................................. Takato Yasuhiro
  Tsukino Ikuko .............................. Takage Sanae
  Masaki Tenchi ............................ Kikuchi Masami 
  Ryouko ....................................... Orikasa Ai 
  Princess Ayeka .............................. Takada Yumi
  Princess Sasami .......................... Yokoyama Chisa 
  Kuramitsu Mihoshi ......................... Mizutani Yuko 
  Masaki Katsuhito ........................... Aono Takeshi
  Masaki Nobuyuki ............................ Aono Takeshi
  Washuu ................................... Kobayashi Yuko
  Tsunami .................................. Yokoyama Chisa
  Mano Yohko ................................. Hisakawa Aya
  Kanzaki Azusa ............................ Yoshida Konami
  Yuuki Miaka ................................... Araki Kae
  Sukunami Taka ......................... Midorikawa Hikaru
  Otaku ................................. Sakurai Toshiharu
  Zenigata ..................................... Naya Gorou
  Kent Masefield .......................... Koyasu Takehito
  Patricia Delafontaine ................... Hiramatsu Akiko
  Andrew Delafontaine .................... Fumihiko Tachiki
  Niniane .................................. Fujita Toshiko
  Alistair McGovern ......................... Kusao Takeshi
  Katsuhito Stengovitch ..................... Sasaki Nozumo 
  Bran "Raven" Mason ........................ Ogata Kenichi 
  Aethan DeGales .......................... Sogabe Kazuyuki
  Michael Gideon ......................... Yamaguchi Kappei
  Madeline ....................................... Doi Mika
  Jessica Drummond ......................... Shimamoto Sumi
  The Adversary .............................. Ogawa Shinji 
  Additional Casting By .............. Austin George Loomis

                               Authors Notes

	Once again, I'm writing the author's notes before the story is
finished.  And once more, I return to Neil Gaiman -- whom some sources
suggest is writing the English adaptation for Ghibli's "Mononoke Hime", so
there is a parallel -- who reminds me that the only people who actually
read author's notes are those who are looking for an apology, or an
explanation.  He also says that a writer must never ever give either.  I
give my apology in the form of a disclaimer for using these characters, so
I might as well go all the way.

	Like the top of every chapter says, this work has been dedicated
to a trio of authors whom I respect a great deal.  I'm gonna say a few
things about them right now:

	Most people are aware of my admiration for John Walter Biles, but
I don't think they know how much I envy him his faith.  My own beliefs
about God and the Universe are so contradictory and fragmented and prone
to revision that I don't even want to go into them, but John not only
does, but manages to come up with stories that fit into that worldview,
putting the honest-to-god God on stage, whilst I hedge.

	Lawrence Mann, one of those fiendishly creative people at Eyrie
Communications, is also the co-author of one of the fall-down funniest
stories that I've ever read.  Yes, I'm talking about "Bubblegum Pink".  I
have written a small number of lemons, but they aren't really explicit --
how can I not admire someone who came up with an unbelievably *twisted*
concept like that and then had the guts to publish it?  (And has since had
to watch his co-writer get all the "credit".  You don't see people going
around shrieking "Damn You Mann!"  Strange ...)

	In the main, I dislike "issue" stories, but in addition to writing
some very amusing stories in "Urusei Yatsura:  The Senior Year", Fred
Herriot has touched on some serious topics both there and in his other
work.  I'm not sure if I agree with the solutions he proposes, or the
overall philosophy he espouses, but it does make me think.

	Parts of the story are also dedicated to Spider Robinson, an
author I discovered quite some time ago (when I first visited a certain
house of *fantastic* repute in New York during my early teens) but only
recently began to truely appreciate (when I paid a visit to (sadly-closed)
bar on Long Island).  I'd also like to say a few nice words about the
various authors of the Omega Universe (http://www.eyrie.org/~sw/omega.htm) 
and a number of people busily writing Luke Skywalker/Mara Jade romances on
The Star Wars Fanfiction Library (http://www.fanfix.com/).  For that
matter, thanks to Timothy Zahn for creating Mara Jade, and thus giving me
the perfect rationale to link Tenchi Muyou and Star Wars. (If he kills her
in the next book, though, I'll understand.)

	Back to explanations:  What was the 1996 Chapter about, really?  I
think that the theme I chose, way back when, was the ending of an age, and
the beginning of another.  In more Campbellian terms, the hero becomes the
mentor figure, guides the next generation of heroes for a brief time, then
fades from the scene.  To quote a song, "Bravado", by Rush:

   And if the music stops
   There's only the sound of the rain
   All the hope and glory,
   All the sacrifice in vain
   And if love remains
   Though everything is lost
   We will pay the price,
   But we will not count the cost

	But at the same time, I tried to, especially in the final act of
the story, suggest that the world is going to be given into good hands --
possibly even better hands than it was in before.  It's a note of optimism
that I haven't been able to find in a lot of places -- most notably in the
final moments of Alfred Bester's "The Demolished Man", which inspired
Kent's final message.

	That was the explanation.  Now for the apologies -- or at least
acknowledgements.

Sailor Moon:  Minako's downfall, begun in this story, plays out in others
that I have written.  Yet I believe that it may have been inspired by the
syncretism of an exceedingly short story that I once read, entitled 
"Usagi-chan:  A Question", and Tim Nolan's view of Minako as being more in
tune with the Outer Senshi than with the Inners.  Raye's prejudice against
Aethan, combined with her genunine fears for Minako's safety, grew out of
the fact that she is, fundamentally, a very religious person.  Aethan's
status as an undead being is offensive to Christian *and* Shinto
teachings, and Raye practically can't help but be upset by him.

Ranma:  I owe Scott Johnson an apology.  I unconsciously used a passage he
wrote in a story about Konatsu and Kodachi to flesh out Konatsu's character
in his first appearance in this one.  Meanwhile, Kunou's final duel was
something that I'd seen coming for a while.  Kasumi as the older sister to
Serenity was likewise something that just came to me.  Shooting off
Pantyhose Tarou's kneecaps was a move calculated to piss off a certain
demagogue whom I find rather annoying.  (Yes, I *am* that petty.)

Oh My Goddess:  I did something pretty controversial, in this one.
Usually, the goddess' "boss" is written as though he were the Judeo-
Christian God (*my* God).  I don't care for this, for a number of reasons,
the first and foremost being that the character, as depicted in the anime,
is a *jerk*.  Flat out, no two ways about it.  He tells a little goddess
that for the crime of playing with a mortal, she's going to be eradicated
if she doesn't mess with his memories.  God (as in the maker of this
universe) should not be a jerk, so my conception of "the Almighty" is
borrowed from J.R.R. Tolkein's "Manwe", crossbred through the mildly
cynical and mechanistic worldview of the Oh My Goddess manga; he's an
administrator, responsible to higher powers -- ultimately, to the Creator.

Kimagure Orange Road:  Much of what goes on in the Kimagure-inspired
sections of this fanfic is derived from my private irritation with a
certain statement made by Matsumoto Izumi, with regards to Akane's sexual
identity.  From reading the KOR Guide, it becomes clear that in the KOR
manga, at least, her feelings were a lot more complex than "a phase".  If
Izumi-sensei wanted to fool around with a sexually-ambivalent character
without considering the imiplications, fine ... but for him to then say
"It's just a phase, she'll turn into Hanako House-maker eventually" is
*really* wrong.  Likewise, the passing reference to Hino Yuusaku grew out
of my annoyance with the way he's been treated in the post-series canon.
(We drop in on Komatsu and Hatta to see that they're busy drawing ecchi
magical girls and not a *word* about Yuusaku?  C'mon!)

Devil Hunter Yohko:  Yes, Azusa has a crush on Yohko.  Deal.

Bubblegum Crisis:  Yes, Katsuhito Stengovitch is the future Dr. Stingray.
That means that he and Andrew could play a game of "I screwed up my
daughter's life worse than you did" with Gigelf Liqueur.

Exotica Chronicles:

	Hooboy.  These characters ... in one way or another, I have been
creating them since I was about ten years old.  *This* specific
incarnation of the characters -- and my concepts of what "super-heroes"
could do in the real world -- owes a lot to Bob Schroeck's International
Supers Teams (which I'm sure he'll tell you about if you ask him) and to
the Experts of Justice.

	Specifically, each of the characters can be "explained" as
follows:

Kent Masefield:  Kent's initial concept is derived (a) from pulp fiction
-- specifically, from the Shadow and Doc Savage -- and the "child of the
pulps", comic books, (b) from various concepts of the "hero who always
comes back", including, but not limited to, the Eternal Champion stories,
(c) godlike mentalists, including Kimball Kinnison, Mark Remillard, and
Sakaruzuka Seishirou (in particular, the scenes where he removes his
glasses are pointers to the Sakurazukamori), and (d) a fairly late
addition to his design, Himura Kenshin, the eponymous hero of Rurouni
Kenshin.

Patricia DelaFontaine:  Patricia's design could be said to be a mating of
Ayanami Rei -- "the heroine as victim of her capabilities" -- and Takaya
Noriko -- "the heroine as victim of her accomplishments".  Her battlesuit
is derived from the Guyver units and the Evangelions, of course, but also
partially from the Incredible Hulk and the almost forgotten Ultraverse
hero "Prime".  The name DelaFontaine is taken from the Marvel Universe
character known as "the Contessa" -- Nick Fury of SHIELD's long-time
romantic interest.  I have whole swaths of back story about how these
Italians wound up with Celtic first names ...

Andrew DelaFontaine:  The character to whom I feel most ambivalent -- he's
derived from Ikari Gendou -- and shares his voice actor -- and from
Ota Koichirou, Gunbuster's "Coach" (who is Gendou's long-lost fraternal
twin brother, IMHO) -- but also from the "lone ex-military vigilante"
character, typified by Mack Bolan and Frank Castle.  (This comes out most
clearly in the scene where he shoots Tarou, of course). But I've just now
realized that he owes something to Montgomery Scott, as well.  

Alistair McGovern:  The meddling time traveller has a lot in common with
the characters of Spider Robinson's Mike Callahan -- which is to be
expected, since he's from the same place that Mike and Sally are from --
and Star Trek's Gary Seven.  The "companion to heroes" element is largely
Moorcockian ... his relationship with Niniane is yet another example of my
obsession with alchemical relationships.  McGovern is of the far future
and of science.  Niniane is of the distant past and of magic.

Niniane:  Niniane is derived from Arthurian myth, but is given something
of a Cassandra treatment here.  I suspect this is derived from Mary
Stewart, particularly "The Wicked Day".  (Paraphrase of a conversation
with Mordred.  "You're going to betray Arthur."  "I don't want to, so I
won't."  "It doesn't matter.  You're going to betray Arthur."  "Then stop
me."  "I can't.")

Jessica:  Originally called "The Jester" in the first stories of Kent and
company, her character concept is derived from most of the same sources
that Kent's is, only the darker, grimmer, and *evil* parts of them.  She 
is Kent's Joker and his Morgan Le Fay ... and also the various enemies of
Kenshin who seem only to exist to remind him that he is *still*, despite
his efforts, the Hitokiri Battousai.  In case anyone is curious, her
mother was Hugh "Bulldog" Drummond's bastard daughter, which may also be
indicative of where she gets her tendency towards psychopathy.

Aethan:  My vampyre alter-ego.  I created him a while ago to tell stories
on alt.vampyres ... it's been a while since I've been there.

Michael Gideon:  The doomed.  He's based, in part, on a friend of whom
I've lost track.  If anyone knows where Trey G. Byerly could be found,
let him know about this, please.

	It's disclaimer time:

	"Sailor Moon" was created by Naoko Takeuchi and brought to North
America by DIC.  "Ranma 1/2" was created by Rumiko Takeuchi and brought to
North America by Viz Commnunications.  "Tenchi Muyou" was created by
and Masaki Kajishima, and was brought to North America by Pioneer LDC.
"Kimagure Orange Road" was created by Matsumoto Izumi and brought to North
America by AnimEigo and AD Vision (who are nipping at Bob Woodhead's heels
elsewhere, too).  "Oh My Goddess" and "You're Under Arrest" were created
by Fujishima Kosuke and brought to North America by AnimEigo and Dark
Horse Comics.  "Mamono Hunter Yohko" was created by Miyao Gaku and brought
to North America by AD Vision.  "Fushigi Yuugi" was created by Yuu Watase.
"Gojiira" was created by Shigeru Kayama.  This story, while incorporating
elements of films and magazines held under copyrights by others, is
copyright 1998 of Chris Davies.

	Nobody sue me okay?

Chris Davies, Advocate for Darkness, Part-Time Champion of Light.
"WHAT CAN THE HARVEST HOPE FOR, IF NOT FOR THE CARE OF THE REAPER MAN?" 
-- Death, in "Reaper Man", by Terry Pratchett.
http://www.ualberta.ca/~cdavies/hmpage.html

