                      An Inevitable Outcome Feature

                           Written and Directed
                           by C. Richard Davies

                              TOGETHER AGAIN

                               1996 Chapter

                           Based on the works of
                     Naoko Takeuchi, Rumiko Takahashi,
                    Kosuke Fujishima, Matsumoto Izumi,
                             Masaki Kajishima,
                    and various interpretations thereof.

                               Incorporating
                      original characters created by
                           by C. Richard Davies

                   Dedicated to John Biles, Fred Herriot,
                              and Larry Mann.

                                 ACT FOUR

Opening Shot:  MADOKA asleep in bed, alone.  The room is flooded with
sunlight, and she slowly awakes.  She yawns, and then gets out of bed.
She pulls a dressing gown on over her pyjamas, and wanders out of the
bedroom.  She heads into the bathroom, closing the door behind her.

We hear the sound of vomiting.

                               MADOKA (O.S.)
                   MUFFLED Oh, *great* ...

There is the sound of teeth being brushed.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   That's the other reason that I feel
                   sorry for Kasuga Kyousuke.  To have
                   something as important as that on
                   the line, and not know it ... BEAT
                   In any event, it didn't happen for a
                   few hours after Kyousuke arrived.

Cut to a shot of the dojo at night, with the Helifortress still perched in 
the backyard.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   Kent had taken Aethan DeGales and 
                   his "friend", that Gideon fellow I
                   never got to know very well, up into
                   the flying fortress, along with
                   Kasuga.  Aethan probably told him
                   about the Sailor Senshi -- or rather
                   Sailor *Scouts*, as they preferred
                   to be called -- while they were up
                   there.

Cut to the interior of the dojo hall.  It is divided in two parts by a 
curtain.  On one side, SERENA, RAYE, AMY, LITA, MIHOSHI, AYEKA, and SASAMI 
are bedded down on the floor, in sleeping bags.  SERENA is snoring, of 
course.  MIHOSHI is making mumbling noises in her sleep.  LITA, AMY, and 
SASAMI are asleep more sedately.  RAYE and AYEKA are speaking with each 
other in low and quiet tones.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   I think Aethan talked Kent into
                   talking Kasumi into letting this new
                   group of visitors camp out in the
                   dojo.  Of course, nobody had even 
                   thought of asking Dad about it.  It 
                   hurt to see him reverting to the way
                   he'd been just before I'd left home,
                   when Kasumi had told me that he was
                   starting to get better.  But I think
                   it was mostly an act.

On the other side of the curtain, DARIEN is also fast asleep.  There is 
another, empty sleeping bag.

Cut to one of the hallways.  TENCHI is walking down it, looking around 
with an anxious expression.  He finally passes a door through which we 
hear a flushing noise.  RANMA steps out.

                                  TENCHI
                   Oh, there it is!

                                   RANMA
                   The toilet?  Yep.

TENCHI ducks into the door.  RANMA turns to head off, then pauses and 
waits.  A few moments later, we hear a flush.  TENCHI steps out of the 
door with a relieved expression on his face.

                                   RANMA
                   You're ... Tenchi, right?  I heard
                   a couple of the girls you came in
                   with calling you that.

                                  TENCHI
                   NOD Right.  And you are?

                                   RANMA
                   Saotome Ranma.  BEAT  So, just out
                   of curiousity -- are you engaged to
                   any of those girls?

                                  TENCHI
                   BLINK Uh ... no.  BEAT  Not for
                   lack of effort on their part, but --

RANMA nods knowingly.

                                  TENCHI
                   DISBELIEVING Uh, I take it then
                   that you have relationship troubles,
                   yourself?

                                   RANMA
                   DEADPAN Two fiancees, one crazy
                   Chinese chick who thinks we're
                   already married, and assorted other
                   loonies of either sex after me.

TENCHI considers this briefly, then nods.

                                  TENCHI
                   You win.

                                   RANMA
                   SHRUGS I usually do.  BEAT  You
                   do martial arts?

                                  TENCHI
                   MODEST A bit of kendo.

                                   RANMA
                   CONSIDERS Kendo, huh?  BEAT I've
                   probably picked up a bit of that,
                   what with all my go-arounds with --
                   anyway, wanna spar?

                                  TENCHI
                   SHRUGS Sure, I guess.  I'm having
                   trouble sleeping, anyway.

RANMA gestures with his head.

Cut to the lawn outside the dojo, a few moments later.  TENCHI and RANMA 
are equipped with wooden practice swords.  TENCHI salutes slowly in the 
Jurain manner.

                                   RANMA
                   BLINKS What was that?

                                  TENCHI
                   My style's opening salute.

                                   RANMA
                   Oh.  BEAT; SHRUG Wherefore art
                   thou, Ushiko-san?  Wherefore art
                   thou, Umao-san?

                                  TENCHI
                   Excuse me?

                                   RANMA
                   *My* style's opening salute.  BEAT
                   That was Shakespeare, right?  Well,
                   let's go!

We pull away, lifting above them as they begin to spar.  The sound of wood 
striking wood awakens RYOUKO, who has found a place to sleep on the roof 
of the dojo.  She looks down from the roof with an irritated and sleepy 
expression ... which fades as she realizes that TENCHI is the one making 
the noise.  She watches with interest.

Cut to the other side of the Tendou home.  LUNA and ARTEMIS are prowling 
around.

                                   LUNA
                   Artemis, are you sensing anything
                   ... unusual about this place?

                                  ARTEMIS
                   DEADPAN No, but I'm focusing all
                   my energy on finding Minako, so that
                   *might* possibly be affecting my
                   perceptions.

LUNA gives him a disgusted look.

                                  ARTEMIS
                   UPSET What?  Like you'd do any
                   different if it was Serena, lost in
                   the void?

LUNA turns away.

                                   LUNA
                   Well, I *am* getting a funny feeling
                   about the people in this house.

                                  ARTEMIS
                   What kind of a funny feeling?

                                   LUNA
                   The same sort of thing I got when I
                   was finding the Scouts ...

                                  ARTEMIS
                   DISMISSIVE You're probably picking
                   up on whatever energy those aliens
                   use, that's all.

                                   LUNA
                   SHAKES HEAD No.  It's not the same
                   at all.

                                  ARTEMIS
                   Luna, come on.  There's only nine
                   planets, and we have nine senshi.
                   What, do you think that we're going
                   to suddenly find a Sailor Sun?  A
                   Sailor Earth?  A Sailor Comet Belt?
                   If they didn't exist in the Silver
                   Millenium, why --

                                   LUNA
                   ANNOYED Fine.  You stay here and
                   keep probing the void without any
                   idea of what you're going to do if
                   you *find* Minako, and I'll go do
                   something productive.  Bye.

She darts off.  ARTEMIS glares, and starts to imitate her British accent.

                   "And OI'LL goh dew somefing PRO-
                   duktif!"  Sheesh.

Cut to KASUMI's bedroom.  She is lying in her bed, with her covers up to 
her neck, but not asleep.  She lets out a long sigh and closes her eyes.

Slowly, the window slides open, and LUNA, her eyes glowing, makes her 
appearance.  She pads into the room, and up onto the bed.  KASUMI doesn't 
open her eyes.

                                  KASUMI
                   VERY CALM Hello, Luna.

LUNA is shocked enough to jump back, while KASUMI pulls herself into a 
kneeling position on the bed.  KASUMI looks down at the cat with a vaguely 
melancholy expression.

                                   LUNA
                   You know who I am?!

                                  KASUMI
                   Yes.

                                   LUNA
                   ... then you know who and what you
                   are!

                                  KASUMI
                   Yes, Luna, I've known for almost
                   four years.

                                   LUNA
                   But how --

                                  KASUMI
                   One night, the moon went out. BEAT
                   And I heard the sound of a cat
                   screaming.  BEAT  And I knew who
                   I had been, once.

                                   LUNA
                   Who -- VESTA!

KASUMI nods.

                                   LUNA
                   But how ... you weren't even *on*
                   the moon when your mother sent the
                   spirits of the Moon Kingdom to Earth
                   ... you'd been *dead* for ...

                                  KASUMI
                   I don't know, Luna.  I remember ...
                   I remember how I died, and parts of
                   my past life ... not much, though,
                   nine hundred years is much to take
                   in.

                                   LUNA
                   Well, it doesn't matter, now.  I've
                   found you, and that's what counts.
                   Now --

LUNA produces a locket from nowhere, setting it down in front of KASUMI, 
who picks it up and examines it.

                                   LUNA
                   -- that's a focus, it will allow you
                   to use your energies to take on a
                   senshi form, just like Serena did
                   when she was starting as Sailor Moon
                   -- I imagine that we'll call you --

KASUMI sets the locket down on the bed.

                                  KASUMI
                   No.

                                   LUNA
                   -- Sailor Vesta and ... BEAT What
                   do you mean, no?

                                  KASUMI
                   I'm not going to be a Sailor Senshi,
                   Luna.

                                   LUNA
                   But ... but, Vesta, it's --

                                  KASUMI
                   FIRM My name is Tendou Kasumi.  Do
                   you call Serenity by *that* name, 
                   when you're with her?

                                   LUNA
                   No, but ... but Ve-- Kasumi, it's
                   your --

                                  KASUMI
                   My destiny?  SHAKES HEAD No, Luna.
                   The only destiny I ever had was to
                   be my mother's heir and my father's
                   pawn ... and I gave that destiny up.
                   BEAT Would you have me usurp
                   Serenity's place?

                                   LUNA
                   I ... I hadn't really thought about
                   it.

KASUMI reaches out a hand, and pets LUNA, gently.

                                  KASUMI
                   I leave it to your discretion to
                   decide how much to tell her, Luna.
                   BEAT What is she like?

LUNA gives the impression of one who doesn't really want to answer a 
question.  KASUMI gazes down at her with a calm, curious expression.

                                   LUNA
                   SIGH She is, when she has to be,
                   the bravest, kindest ... most human
                   human I have ever known.  BEAT She
                   will be a better queen than Serenity
                   ever was, and her realm will be more
                   just.

KASUMI smiles.

                                   LUNA
                   DESPERATE You're sure that you
                   won't --

                                  KASUMI
                   GENTLY FIRM Yes.  BEAT  Good
                   night, Luna.

LUNA hops off the bed and heads for the window while KASUMI begins to lie 
down.  LUNA pauses at the window, and looks back.

                                   LUNA
                   It was never clear how you died.
                   BEAT It was said that Beryl had
                   killed you, herself.

KASUMI does not look at LUNA.

                                  KASUMI
                   She did.

                                   LUNA
                   Then you should know that Serena
                   avenged you --

                                  KASUMI
                   I know.  BEAT; TEARS IN HER VOICE
                   May the Light be more merciful to 
                   Beryl than this world ever was.

LUNA jerks back ... clearly that was NOT the response she was expecting.  
She silently heads out the window, leaving KASUMI alone in the silence.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   As I write this, I'm starting to
                   understand why Kasumi felt the way
                   that she did, even if I don't
                   understand all the specifics. BEAT
                   I remember her looking at me with
                   anxious eyes, when I was a child and
                   hurt myself fighting ... and one day
                   I realized that she wasn't only
                   scared that I'd get hurt fighting,
                   but that I'd start liking it. BEAT
                   Liking hurting people.  BEAT  What
                   must it be like for someone to know
                   that she has a sister she's never
                   met engaged in mortal combat at any
                   given time?

Cut to the cockpit of the Helifortress.  We see KENT easing himself into 
the pilot's seat, and looking down at the dojo.  Just outside the 
building, he can see TENCHI and RANMA sparring.  He looks down, and a 
wistful expression develops on his face.

Cut to the inside of the dojo hall, and close in on SASAMI, sleeping.  Her 
face twitches.

Cut to WASHUU's laboratory, where TSUNAMI is suspiciously watching WASHUU 
at work.  TSUNAMI's face twitches in the same way that SASAMI's did.

                                  WASHUU
                   So just how close to full synchro
                   are the two of you, anyway?

                                  TSUNAMI
                   IRRITATED I don't see that that's
                   any of your business, Washuu.  And
                   stop trying to change the subject,
                   it has been nearly a third of this
                   planet's rotation and you still have
                   not explained what you did to Sasami
                   to momentarily cut her off from me.

                                  WASHUU
                   Pushy, pushy ... BEAT Okay, what
                   I did was pretty simple.  You know
                   how a convoy of ships moves together
                   through hyperspace?

                                  TSUNAMI
                   BLINK What?

                                  WASHUU
                   All the navigation computers of the
                   convoy get slaved to the one in the
                   "point" ship, which does the jump
                   calculations for every ship, so that
                   they all emerge in the same form--

                                  TSUNAMI
                   INTERRUPTS What does any of this 
                   have to do with --

                                  WASHUU
                   INTERRUPTS BACK --ation, instead
                   of possibly trying to simultaneously
                   occupy the same space at the same
                   time.  BEAT  Ryouko can do the
                   same thing.  Her teleportation --
                   as well as both of the 'porters who
                   were in that area with her -- is
                   functionally the same as a starship
                   jump drive, with her brain as a
                   computer.  When I was designing her,
                   I gave her the ability to slave
                   herself into any other jump computer
                   in her vicinity, so that she could
                   track starships and ... other things
                   through hyperspace.  BEAT And just
                   now I activated it involuntarily,
                   and made her space fold a little
                   larger than it normally is.  You
                   lost track of Sasami because she was
                   in hyperspace for a while, that's
                   all.

                                  TSUNAMI
                   SARCASM "That's all."  BEAT Very
                   well, that was `What'.  Now, in
                   regards to `Why'?

                                  WASHUU
                   BLAND Would you believe me if I
                   told you that a manipulative mind-
                   reading space alien told me to do
                   it?

                                  TSUNAMI
                   Of course not!

                                  WASHUU
                   That's what I thought.

                                  TSUNAMI
                   Let me guess, this is all part of
                   some plan of yours, isn't it?

                                  WASHUU
                   Well, yes.

                                  TSUNAMI
                   ANGRY Don't you ever get tired of
                   these inane little --

WASHUU stands up and morphs to adult form so that she can stare TSUNAMI in 
the eye.

                                  WASHUU
                   ANGRY Don't talk to *me* about 
                   *plans*, Ms. "Send the Coward Crown 
                   Prince to His Mom's Home Pond To
                   Bring Fresh Blood Into The Royal 
                   Line"!  You've got no room to be
                   yelling at --

                                  TSUNAMI
                   FIERCE RAMIA.

A stab of guilt flashes across WASHUU's face, covered by stubbornness.

                                  WASHUU
                   That was twelve thousand years ago!
                   You should have --

                                  TSUNAMI
                   If I'd had any sense at all, then,
                   I *should* have blown you out my 
                   airlock. BEAT; ALMOST BREAKING I 
                   had just watched my *sister* KILL
                   HERSELF, and there you were, pulling
                   me away from the only person who had
                   ever treated me as something other
                   than a useful object, to go fight
                   some more.  Do you have *any* idea
                   how much that hurt?

                                  WASHUU
                   BEAT; QUIET Yes.

She abruptly collapses back into her childlike form, and sits back down at 
her terminal.

                                  WASHUU
                   We do things we're not proud of,
                   because they're necessary.  That's 
                   part of what being a grown up is.
                   BEAT  It's one part that I haven't
                   been able to get away from, no 
                   matter how much I've tried.

TSUNAMI stares at her, then shakes her head.

                                  TSUNAMI
                   I want your assurances that you
                   won't try to interfere with Sasami
                   again.

                                  WASHUU
                   BORED Sure.

                                  TSUNAMI
                   Your *assurances*, Washuu.

                                  WASHUU
                   Here's a thought:  Go to her, keep
                   an eye on her, and if it looks like
                   I'm trying anything, zap me.

TSUNAMI nods.

                                  TSUNAMI
                   I think I shall do just that.  Good
                   day, `Sister'.

She vanishes.  WASHUU briefly smiles a "Sometimes it's so easy, I'm 
ashamed of myself" grin, then goes back to her work.

                                  WASHUU
                   MUSING Sister.  Mother.  BEAT
                   Why do people only call me those
                   things when they're angry with me?

                               PLUTO (O.S.)
                   I've no idea.

WASHUU throws her hands up in the air.

                                  WASHUU
                   PUT UPON You know, if people just
                   keep barging in here, I'm gonna stop
                   putting up the warning signs that
                   say I'm engaged in risky research,
                   and someone will come in and get
                   blasted, and it'll be TURNS AROUND
                   all your fault!

PLUTO is staring at her angrily.

                                   PLUTO
                   SHORT I don't care.  You.  Me.
                   Outside.  NOW.

Cut to an empty street, at dawn.  The "point" of an energy blade appears 
in mid air, and slices open a circular gate, through which MINAKO tumbles, 
taking big gulps of air.

                                  MINAKO
                   Where *am* I?  LOOKS AROUND Tokyo.
                   Or some other metropolitan Japanese
                   city.  BEAT Unless it's Vancouver,
                   or some other city with a Japanese
                   town inside it ... gee, I could be
                   *really* lost ...

There is the sound of an explosion in the distance.

                                  MINAKO
                   CHEERFUL Not that it matters!

She dashes off in the direction of the explosion.

Cut to a broken up city street.  A large monster which could be best 
described as a yellow slug with a head shaped like that of a deformed, 
cyclopean bull is smashing into cars and buildings.  Fortunately, the 
street is mostly empty.

                               YOHKO (O.S.)
                   I bear no ill-will to those made
                   victims of demons; but --

The monster smashes into a building, and a pair of forms are briefly seen 
leaping for cover.

                               YOHKO (O.S.)
                   -- but, to those who dwell in dark-
                   ness, since the --

The monster smashes into the car behind which the forms dodged.  They 
dodge again, behind trash cans.

                                   YOHKO
                   -- since the time of the ancient
                   gods, we have been --

The monster draws back and lets out a belch of brownish-yellow gas at the 
trash cans.  YOHKO and AZUSA run for cover behind a nearby car.  YOHKO 
looks to be somewhere between annoyance and panic.

                                   YOHKO
                   Azusa-chan, I know that you really
                   want me to do the whole spiel before
                   we attack, but are you *sure* there
                   aren't precedents for doing it the
                   other way around?

AZUSA looks uncertain.

                               MINAKO (O.S.)
                   If not, let's make one!

She bounds over YOHKO and AZUSA's heads, grinning as she leaps towards the 
monster.

                                YOHKO (sim)
                   Mina!

                                AZUSA (sim)
                   Minako-san!

                                  MINAKO
                   VENUS ... LOVELY ... BLADE!

Just as MINAKO is about to smack into the side of the monster's head, the 
sword forms between her hands and she slices downwards.  The monster 
howls.

                                   YOHKO
                   -- sincethetimeoftheancientgodswe
                   havebeenyourdestroyersthe106th
                   generationofdevilhunterandapprentice
                   arehere! TO AZUSA Happy?

AZUSA nods, and produces her spear as she charges towards the monster.  
YOHKO's soul sword is out as she does the same.

The fighting style of the Devil Hunters and Sailor Venus in this scene 
could best be described as exuberant.  The monster, while powerful, is 
very stupid, and they are outmaneuvering it from the very beginning.  
Thus, they feel free to show off, doing acrobatic attacks and the like, 
trading quips while striking blows.  Finally, AZUSA delivers a thrust to 
the base of the monster's neck, while MINAKO and YOHKO give simultaneous 
sword strikes through its eye.  The monster convulses, then collapses, 
with the fighters jumping away from the carcass as it does.

                                  MINAKO
                   PLEASED SIGH Nice work out. BEAT
                   Hello, Yohko.  This is Tokyo, right?

                                   YOHKO
                   Uh ... yes.  Nerima district.  It's
                   good to see you again, Mina.

                                  MINAKO
                   Likewise!  BEAT Hello, Azusa-chan!
                   Worked out that little problem yet?

                                   AZUSA
                   SHAKES HEAD No, Minako-san ...
                   still working on it.

AZUSA looks sadly at YOHKO who is staring confusedly at MINAKO.

                                   YOHKO
                   "Little problem"?

                                  MINAKO
                   Nothing to worry about.  BEAT
                   Nerima?  Isn't this a little off
                   the beaten path for you two?

                                   YOHKO
                   For you, too.  Grandmother was
                   contacted by an old client of hers
                   who lives in this area, something
                   about a bunch of murders, and she
                   sent us in to investigate, as usual.

The side of the monster's carcass begins to bulge.  AZUSA notices.

                                  MINAKO
                   Neat.  I got sent here by a botched
                   teleportation.

                                   AZUSA
                   Umm ... Yohko-san?

                                   YOHKO
                   "Botched tele--"

                                   AZUSA
                   Minako-san?

                                  MINAKO
                   At least I hope that's what happened
                   ... I don't want to think that my
                   GLOATING *boyfriend* dropped me
                   off here deliberately --

                                   AZUSA
                   Ummmmm ...

                                   YOHKO
                   SHOCKED No!  You didn't!  You did
                   *not* get a boyfriend before I did,
                   no way!

                                  MINAKO
                   SWEET Waaaaay.

                                   AZUSA
                   DESPERATE Guys?

                                   YOHKO
                   Oh ... life is so, *so* unfair ...

                                   AZUSA
                   PANICS YOU GUYS?!?

They turn to look at her.

                                   AZUSA
                   I don't think that the monster is
                   dead yet!

YOHKO and MINAKO stare at the bulges in the side of the monster, and 
immediately get ready for more fighting -- just as a human arm bursts out 
of the side of the carcass.  It remains rigid for a moment, then collapses 
in exhaustion.

                                   YOHKO
                   Oh, GOD!

They all dash over to the monster, and start to widen the hole torn by the 
arm in the monster's skin, until KASUGA AKANE tumbles out, limp, covered 
in the monster's digestive juices, and gasping for breath.

                               KASUGA AKANE
                   GASPING Wha ... wha ... wha ...

                                  MINAKO
                   SOOTHING It's all right, we killed
                   the demon.

AKANE stares groggily at MINAKO, then nods vaguely.

                               KASUGA AKANE
                   Okay ...

She lets out a long sigh, and starts to close her eyes.  A moment later, 
they burst open.

                               KASUGA AKANE
                   Shiken!

                                  MINAKO
                   What?

                               KASUGA AKANE
                   Shiken, my ... my fiance, he ... we
                   were in a car, we were arguing, and
                   that ... that thing smashed through
                   the windshield and sucked us both
                   up like some sort of vacuumn cleaner
                   from hell --

MINAKO, YOHKO, and AZUSA look at the hole in the monster's side, and 
wince.

                                   YOHKO
                   VERY RELUCTANT I'll do it.

Taking a deep breath, she puts her hands on either side of the slash, and 
pulls it open wide enough to stick her head in, which she promptly does.

The inside of the monster's body cavities are dimly lit.  YOHKO looks 
around quickly, obviously trying to hold her breath.  Her gaze finally 
stops on the remains of SHIKEN ... a sight which, judging by her reaction, 
we are lucky to not see.  She pulls her head back out.

Outside, YOHKO takes another deep breath, and shudders a bit.

                               KASUGA AKANE
                   Did you see him?

YOHKO doesn't look at her.

                                   YOHKO
                   No.  BEAT  I couldn't see ...
                   anything that looked like another
                   human being.

The implications of that sink in for AKANE, and she begins to cry.

                               KASUGA AKANE
                   I ... I don't get it ... what's
                   with me?  I didn't want to marry
                   him ... I didn't even like him ...
                   much ... so I should be happy that
                   he's --

Her words are cut off by a sudden spasm of pain.  MINAKO, on her knees 
beside AKANE, reaches out to steady her by placing a hand on her stomach 
... and recoils.  After a second, she slowly puts her hand back.

Something throbs in AKANE's stomach, vibrating up MINAKO's arm.  YOHKO and 
AZUSA watch in horror.

                                   YOHKO
                   QUIET Azusa-chan, do you have that
                   Devil Hunter's guide of yours, with
                   you?

AZUSA nods rapidly, and produces a large tome from her backpack.

                                   AZUSA
                   Look for the monster's picture?

                                   YOHKO
                   Yes.

AZUSA starts flipping through the book.

                               KASUGA AKANE
                   DREADING Something's wrong, isn't 
                   it?  Something's wrong with me.

                                  MINAKO
                   REASSURING We don't know that, not
                   for sure, so don't go and --

AZUSA's jaw drops.

                                   AZUSA
                   Amida-sama ...

YOHKO looks at her expectantly.  AZUSA just shakes her head, and hands the 
book to YOHKO.  YOHKO stares down at the page, and becomes very pale.

                               KASUGA AKANE
                   FRIGHTENED What?  BEAT  WHAT?

                                   YOHKO
                   Miss ... what's your name?  You
                   never did say.

                               KASUGA AKANE
                   Akane.  What --

                                   YOHKO
                   Akane-san ... this particular kind
                   of monster has two uses for human
                   prey.  BEAT  Males, it uses as
                   ... as a food supply.  BEAT  And
                   STRUGGLING females ... it uses to
                   ... reproduce ...

AKANE stares up at YOHKO, who can't meet her gaze.  She turns her head to 
stare at MINAKO, who is gazing back at her in horror.

                               KASUGA AKANE
                   VERY QUIET It's inside of me.
                   Isn't it?

MINAKO can't stand that gaze for more than a few seconds, so she looks up 
at YOHKO.

                                   YOHKO
                   TRYING TO HOLD ON The book says
                   that there's about ten minutes from
                   conception to ... birth, and that
                   the spawn achieves ... it's able to
                   continue the cycle under a year.
                   BEAT  And the spawn can't be
                   banished from the Earth dimension,
                   like the parent.

MINAKO starts to shake her head, then freezes, with a wild look on her 
face.

                                  MINAKO
                   SAILOR MOON!  She can purify her,
                   heal her, she can --

AZUSA and YOHKO look hopeful.

                                  MINAKO
                   FADING -- she can do a lot of
                   things ... but I don't know where
                   she is ...

AKANE suddenly grabs MINAKO's hand, and jerks it up her body, to her 
collarbone.  MINAKO looks back, and is obviously frightened by what she 
sees in AKANE's eyes.

                               KASUGA AKANE
                   KILL ME.

                                  MINAKO
                   I --

                               KASUGA AKANE
                   I never wanted to be a mother, and
                   definitely not like this, KILL ME!

                                  MINAKO
                   I cccccc-- I caaaa -- I --

                               KASUGA AKANE
                   TEARS PLEASE.

MINAKO looks at YOHKO and AZUSA, who stare back helplessly.  MINAKO turns 
back to AKANE and stares into her eyes for a second.  She has a hard time 
speaking.

                                  MINAKO
                   Where can I get in touch with your
                   fam--

                               KASUGA AKANE
                   They won't care.  BEAT  Nobody's
                   going to miss me.  BEAT  The only
                   person I ever loved never even knew.
                   When I'm gone, no one will remember
                   ... it'll be like I never existed.

MINAKO nods, and slowly moves her hand, covered by AKANE's hand, to 
AKANE's left breast.

                                  MINAKO
                   I'll remember.  BEAT I will always
                   remember you.

                               KASUGA AKANE
                   SMILES DESPITE FEAR AND PAIN Thank
                   you.

                                  MINAKO
                   FAINT Please close your eyes.

AKANE does so.

                               KASUGA AKANE
                   Will it hurt?

                                  MINAKO
                   I don't know.  BEAT  But if it
                   does ... it only hurts for a little
                   while.  I promise.  I won't do it
                   until --

There's a surge in AKANE's stomach.

                               KASUGA AKANE
                   Now.

                                  MINAKO
                   WHISPERED Crescent Beam.

Beneath their gripped hands, there is a flash of golden light.  AKANE's 
eyes flash open in shock.  MINAKO stares at them, as if expecting to see 
the shock to fade, for her face to show peace at the end.

It doesn't.

Cut to a bathroom.  MADOKA, brushing her teeth, jerks up.  She looks over 
her shoulder, an odd expression on her face.  Slowly, she starts to brush 
her teeth again.

Cut back to MINAKO and AKANE.  MINAKO's hand is still resting on AKANE's 
breast.  MINAKO doesn't seem to be breathing.  YOHKO slowly approaches, 
and touches MINAKO's shoulder.

                                  MINAKO
                   QUIET Don't touch me, please.

YOHKO backs off a short distance.  MINAKO slowly releases AKANE's death 
grip on her hand, and rests AKANE's hand over the cauterized hole in her 
chest.  She starts to move back, and remove her gloves.

                                  MINAKO
                   CALM My, these are dirty.  BEAT
                   Very dirty.  I'm never going to be
                   able to get these clean.  Even with
                   bleach ...

She turns to stare at YOHKO.  Her eyes are full of tears.

                                   YOHKO
                   Mina ...

                                  MINAKO
                   Yohko, do you have a lighter?  Or
                   something else that bbburns?  I need
                   to get rid of these gloves.  They're
                   dirty.  Very, very ddddddd--

She breaks down.  YOHKO quickly holds her as she sobs, and AZUSA joins a 
moment later.  A few minutes pass.

                               WOMAN (O.S.)
                   How sad.

YOHKO looks up sharply.  Standing nearby is a WOMAN (apparently in her 
early thirties), with short-cropped gray hair, dressed in a long black 
coat.  She is staring at the decaying carcass of the monster, her hands in 
her coat pockets.

                                   YOHKO
                   Who --

The WOMAN turns to look at YOHKO.  We see that she has grey eyes with 
flecks of gold.

                                   WOMAN
                   Who am I?  BEAT  I'm the bad guy.

                                   YOHKO
                   What?

                                   WOMAN
                   Well, not *THE* bad guy, not yet.
                   But I'm working on it.

YOHKO slowly disengages MINAKO from her embrace, and starts to stand up.

                                   YOHKO
                   You're the one responsible for
                   freeing this monster?

The WOMAN thinks about that for a moment.

                                   WOMAN
                   ... in the long run, yes.  I stopped
                   someone from stopping the opening of
                   the gate that brought it here, so --

YOHKO flourishes her soul sword.  The WOMAN does not seem unduly 
impressed.

                                   YOHKO
                   Why?

                                   WOMAN
                   SHRUG I wanted to make a deal with
                   the one that was actually being
                   called here.  This thing was just
                   the daemonic equivalent of a fly on
                   a rat coming ashore --

                                   YOHKO
                   Okay.  That's IT!

She charges.  The WOMAN regards her with mild interest right up until the 
last possible moment, when she sidesteps with superhuman speed, brushing a 
hand across YOHKO's swordarm as she does.  YOHKO goes past, then whirls 
around to try again.

                                   WOMAN
                   Nuh-uh-*uh* ...

YOHKO's sword arm stretches out to the side.  She looks at it, startled.

                                   YOHKO
                   W-what's happening --

                                   WOMAN
                   GRINNING THIS.

YOHKO's arm begins to bend backwards at the elbow.  She struggles, in 
obvious pain, trying to fight the force which is holding her arm captive.

                                   AZUSA
                   YOHKO-SAN!

AZUSA rises and throws her spear at the WOMAN's back.  The WOMAN's eyes 
narrow.  YOHKO's arm snaps back, and she lets out a shriek of agony.  The 
WOMAN whirls and catches the spear just before it hits her chest.  AZUSA 
starts to visibly panic.

                                   WOMAN
                   Cute.  Very cute.

She discards the spear casually, and starts to walk towards MINAKO, who 
slowly pushes herself off the floor, frightened and still in shock.

                                   WOMAN
                   SOOTHING Relax.  I don't intend to
                   kill you.  BEAT  I overheard you
                   mention someone called Sailor Moon.
                   BEAT  I think that I know where
                   she is.  If she's in this district
                   at all, she'll be at the Tendou dojo
                   ... just a little ways from here.
                   BEAT  Also there will be a man,
                   named Kent.  I want you to give him
                   a message.

                                  MINAKO
                   Message?  What --

                                   WOMAN
                   Tell him that Jessica is here, and
                   that I'm waiting.

The WOMAN (hereafter referred to as JESSICA) looks down at AKANE's body 
for a moment.

                                  JESSICA
                   It's a shame so many people have to
                   die for one man's mistake ... but
                   that's life, I guess. BEAT Funny
                   how the police never showed up,
                   isn't it?  Oh well.  I don't think
                   you and I will ever meet again.
                   BEAT If I we do, I'll probably
                   have to kill you or something.  
                   Bye.

She leaps into the air ... and starts flying away, fairly slowly.  MINAKO 
watches, stunned.  AZUSA is trying to help YOHKO, who is obviously in 
extreme pain.

                                   AZUSA
                   Yohko-san, are you all right?

                                   YOHKO
                   STRAINED Well, other the little
                   thing about my arm being broken,
                   yes ...

MINAKO turns back to them.

                                  MINAKO
                   Yohko ... you'd better get to a
                   hospital.

YOHKO looks like she wants to protest, but then she slowly seems to 
collapse in on herself.

                                   YOHKO
                   You're right ... I hate it, but ...
                   give my regards to the other Sailors,
                   okay?

AZUSA begins to help her up, shouldering her.  MINAKO nods, and turns to 
go.

                                   YOHKO
                   Mina ... don't blame yourself.

MINAKO doesn't look back.

                                  MINAKO
                   QUIET  "Who is to be blamed for
                   my failure to do my best?". BEAT
                   See you.

She runs off.

                                   AZUSA
                   Is she going to be all right?

                                   YOHKO
                   She got the quote right.  BEAT I
                   don't think she is, no.

Cut to the TENDOU kitchen.  KASUMI is preparing breakfast, assisted by 
PATRICIA.  LITA, dressed in the same clothes as yesterday (now slightly 
wrinkled) wanders into the kitchen.

                                  KASUMI
                   Good morning.

                                   LITA
                   Um ... good morning.  BEAT  Uh ...
                   we haven't really been introduced.
                   I'm Hippolyta Kino.  Everyone calls
                   me Lita.

                                  KASUMI
                   Yes, I overheard.  Tendou Kasumi.

                                 PATRICIA
                   I Patricia Delafontaine am.

                                  KASUMI
                   Patricia, where do we always put the
                   verb?

                                 PATRICIA
                   BLINKS, SHEEPISH I *am* Patricia
                   Delafontaine.  I ... don't ... speak
                   Japanese very well.

                                   LITA
                   It's okay, it's somewhere close to
                   being a second language for me too.
                   BEAT Um ...

                                  KASUMI
                   Yes, we do remember the fact that
                   you're a Sailor ... Scout.

                                   LITA
                   BLINK Uh ... thanks.  BEAT But
                   I was wondering whether or not I
                   could help out with the cooking?  I
                   don't want to be taking too much
                   advantage of your hospitality.

                                  KASUMI
                   Of course!

KASUMI and PATRICIA open a space for her at the counter, and LITA starts 
cutting carrots.  Suddenly, KENT opens the door to the kitchen.

                                   KENT
                   Patricia, I --

He stares for a moment at KASUMI, PATRICIA, and LITA who are staring 
back.  LITA has her heart in her eyes.

                                   KENT
                   SHORT Never mind.

He shuts the door.

                                  KASUMI
                   Oh my.  I wonder --

                                   LITA
                   DREAMILY He's dreamy ... who is
                   he?

PATRICIA and KASUMI exchange looks of sympathetic pain.

Cut to the hallway.  KENT walks down the hallway, a disturbed look on his 
face.

                                   KENT
                   There are days I truly hate being a
                   telepath.  BEAT  Women ...

NINIANE appears from nowhere and falls into step beside him.

                                  NINIANE
                   DRY Aren't we wonderful?

                                   KENT
                   BRUSQUE Niniane.  I'd assumed you
                   would still be celebrating your
                   reunion with McGovern.

                                  NINIANE
                   Oh no.  Got that out of the way a
                   while ago, so I'd have plenty of
                   time to remind you --

                                   KENT
                   "Three will go in, and two will come 
                   out."

NINIANE looks momentarily startled, but recovers.

                                  NINIANE
                   *I'd* assumed you would be true to
                   your word and forget that.

KENT pauses and turns to look directly at NINIANE.

                                   KENT
                   CASUAL I probably would have, but
                   Aethan said the same thing two days
                   ago.

                                  NINIANE
                   STARTLED, ANRGY Oh.  So you give
                   the vampyre who ran a competing
                   agency to ours for nearly a year --

                                   KENT
                   This isn't a competition, Niniane.

                                  NINIANE
                   -- more credence than my prophecies.
                   Thank you ever so much.

                                   KENT
                   Finished?

                                  NINIANE
                   I believe so.

                                   KENT
                   Good. BEAT I'm trying to set up a
                   meeting to discuss strategies in a
                   few hours.  I'd appreciate it if
                   you would spread the word.

                                  NINIANE
                   BLINK Aren't you going to give me
                   backtalk about --

                                   KENT
                   Niniane, I realize that Modern
                   English isn't your first language,
                   but I thought that you understood
                   enough of its idioms to know that
                   "backtalk" is something you give a
                   superior.  BEAT  Which means that
                   I *can't* give you backtalk.

He smiles pleasantly at her startled expression, then turns to go.

                                  NINIANE
                   QUIET You could at least *thank*
                   me.

KENT turns to look back at NINIANE with a disbelieving expression.  RANMA, 
looking annoyed, appears at the far end of the corridor.

                                   KENT
                   You want me to thank you for telling
                   me, in effect, that someone's going
                   to die and there's not a damn thing
                   I can do to stop it.  BEAT Thanks
                   so much for your gift, Niniane.

                                   RANMA
                   Excuse me?  Die?

                                   KENT
                   Ranma.  Good morning.  How'd your
                   sparring session with that Tenchi
                   fellow go?  I couldn't watch the
                   whole --

                                   RANMA
                   I don't wanna talk about it.  What's
                   this about someone's going to die?

                                   KENT
                   Niniane, here, is a seer, among her
                   other talents.  She has foreseen that
                   ... well, it was strangely put, but
                   amounted to the idea that in any
                   group of three that I see in the
                   next few days, one of the people
                   may not survive these events. BEAT
                   In which case, you might want to
                   avoid the kitchen.

                                   RANMA
                   Is Akane cooking or something?

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   I'm going to find him and hit him
                   just as soon as I get this written
                   down.

                                   KENT
                   No.  Kasumi, Patricia, and one of
                   the Sailor Scouts are.  This may be
                   your last chance to get to know any
                   of them.

He walks off, leaving NINIANE fuming, and RANMA confused.  He turns to 
look at her.

                                   RANMA
                   Um ...

                                  NINIANE
                   DANGEROUS Yes ...?

                                   RANMA
                   So ... is what he said true?

                                  NINIANE
                   CLIPPED Essentially.

                                   RANMA
                   And ... there's no way out of it?

                                  NINIANE
                   What is, is.

                                   RANMA
                   BLINK That's a real hopeless
                   attitude you've got there, y'know?

                                  NINIANE
                   UPSET Excuse me, it's not my fault
                   that everything I foresee happens!

                                   RANMA
                   Even when you try to prevent it?

                                  NINIANE
                   I --

                                   RANMA
                   Wait a minute ... you've *tried* to
                   stop things from coming true, right?

                                  NINIANE
                   I -- I have informed people of what
                   I saw, and it changed nothing.

                                   RANMA
                   UPSET But you didn't do anything,
                   or *try* anything yourself to change
                   things.  BEAT  Lady, that's not
                   hopeless, that's *stupid*.

NINIANE reacts as though slapped.

                                  NINIANE
                   How *dare* you, you miserable little
                   *boy*?  I am over fifteen hundred
                   years old!  I have seen things that
                   made my soul scream in anguish!
                   I have done things that you can't
                   even imagine --

RANMA takes a step back.

                                   RANMA
                   And in all that, you never tried to
                   change one thing you saw in a
                   vision.  BEAT Lady, I take it all
                   back.  You're not hopeless, *or*
                   stupid.  You're just a coward.

He turns his back on her, and starts walking away.  NINIANE is beyond 
shocked.

                                  NINIANE
                   WHISPERED That's *NOT* true!

Cut to SHAMPOO, standing outside the dojo, staring up at the Helifortress 
without really looking at it.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   CHINESE What am I going to do?  I
                   have to marry him ... gods, I *want*
                   to marry him, still, no matter how
                   far into perversion she's dragged
                   him --

COLOGNE pogo sticks beside her.

                                  COLOGNE
                   BRUSQUE Practice your Japanese,
                   girl.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   CHINESE Great grandmother, I have
                   to --

                                  COLOGNE
                   I said, in Japanese --

                                  SHAMPOO
                   ANGRY No!

COLOGNE is shocked.  For a second, she stares at her protege in dead 
silence.

                                  COLOGNE
                   So.  Are you at last going to
                   challenge me, Shan Pu?

                                  SHAMPOO
                   STARTLED I ... no, no of course
                   not!

                                  COLOGNE
                   Not *yet*, you mean.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   I ... SHAKES HEAD Great grand--
                   mother, I do not wish to challenge
                   you today.  I wish to speak in our
                   language with you about a problem.

                                  COLOGNE
                   What problem have you found that
                   you cannot speak of it in --

SHAMPOO's frustration is clearly visible on her face.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   -- in a language in which you've
                   given me no instruction?  That I'm
                   expected to learn as some sort of
                   punishment for dragging you out of
                   your retirement?  BEAT Great- 
                   grandmother, I don't have the words
                   to talk about this problem in
                   Japanese.  It's not the sort of
                   thing that phrasebooks cover.

                                  COLOGNE
                   QUIET Very well.  Speak.

Cut to a hallway in the TENDOU dojo.  AYEKA and RAYE wander around, 
talking.

                                   RAYE
                   Frankly, Ayeka-san, *something* goes
                   wrong every time we try using that
                   ... what did you call it again?

                                   AYEKA
                   Psychoportative gestalt.

                                   RAYE
                   ... so I'm not seriously surprised 
                   by all this.  BEAT  Annoyed as all
                   hell, but -- anyway, I'm stressed
                   out.  Maybe I ought to go take a
                   shower --

They pass a window through which we can see SHAMPOO speaking with 
COLOGNE.  AYEKA pauses, startled.

                                   AYEKA
                   Shan Pu?

                                   RAYE
                   Huh?  Well, if you have some, we
                   won't have to take any from the
                   Tendou --

                                   AYEKA
                   CONFUSED Excuse me?  BEAT No, a
                   friend of mine named Shan Pu ...
                   she's outside.

RAYE comes over to the window with AYEKA.  They listen to SHAMPOO talking 
with COLOGNE in Mandarin Chinese.  SHAMPOO says something that causes both 
COLOGNE and AYEKA to react with shock.

                                   AYEKA
                   Aiyaah!

                                   RAYE
                   Huh?  What?

                                   AYEKA
                   STARTLED Didn't you hear?  She saw
                   her husband having ... intercourse 
                   with --

                                   RAYE
                   You speak Chinese?

AYEKA stares at RAYE for a moment.

                                   AYEKA
                   You mean ... there's a difference
                   between the language that she's
                   using and the one that we're using
                   now?

                                   RAYE
                   Uh ... yeah.  They're not related,
                   at all.

                                   AYEKA
                   Oh ... oh dear.  No wonder she
                   thought I was a foreigner when we
                   spoke. 

                                   RAYE
                   I don't get it ... how can you --

AYEKA touches the wood-carved headband that she wears.

                                   AYEKA
                   All the members of Jurai's royal
                   family are given training in what
                   we call telelinguistics -- the
                   ability to mentally translate
                   languages, and to project thoughts
                   that convey the meaning of what we
                   say in the listener's native
                   language.  I can actually only speak
                   a bit of Japanese on my own.

                                   RAYE
                   Seriously?  That's amazing ...

                                   AYEKA
                   MODEST Well, it's not really as
                   incredible a thing as all that.
                   After all, it's the only telepathic
                   ability I have, and it only works
                   because my headband is a psychic
                   amplifier.  BEAT  Sometimes, it
                   works so well that I don't even
                   realize that I'm listening to a
                   translation ...

She turns back to the window ... and sees SHAMPOO glaring in.  AYEKA is 
startled.

                                   AYEKA
                   MANDARIN Eek!

                                  SHAMPOO
                   MANDARIN; *VERY* ANGRY What.  Did.
                   You.  Hear?

                                   AYEKA
                   I ... I regret your husband's folly.

SHAMPOO's face gets even more frosty ... and she turns and stomps away.  
RAYE has been watching with a confused expression.

                                   RAYE
                   What'd you say to her?

                                   AYEKA
                   I ... all I said was that I was
                   sorry for what her husband had done,
                   and she --

                                   RAYE
                   UPSET And she didn't give you a
                   chance to explain or -- why, that --

RAYE angrily opens the window, and climbs through it.

                                   RAYE
                   Hey, you! HEADING AFTER SHAMPOO
                   You with the cheesebuns on your
                   head!

AYEKA intends to follow RAYE out through the window, but is hindered by 
her dress' large skirt.

                                   AYEKA
                   DREADING Oh, dear.

She dashes down the hallway.  URD, who has been standing in the shadows, 
unnoticed until now, steps forward to watch her go.  She smiles, a quiet 
smile totally at odds with her usual vampish persona.

                                    URD
                   ... the most unlikely of friends ...

Outside the house, RAYE chases after SHAMPOO who is walking away angrily.

                                   RAYE
                   Hey, you!  Stop, I said!

SHAMPOO abruptly stops, and whips around so that she is in RAYE's face.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   What want, Annoying No-Know Girl?

                                   RAYE
                   UNDAUNTED I wanna know why the
                   heck you didn't give Ayeka-san the
                   chance to explain --

                                  SHAMPOO
                   -- explain *more* Shampoo's shame?

                                   RAYE
                   No!  *Why* she didn't tell you that
                   she was an alien!

There is a long pause.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Alien is foreigner, yes?

                                   RAYE
                   No, this time, alien is person from
                   another planet.

Another long pause.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   You think Shampoo *really* stupid.

                                   RAYE
                   SARCASM That's not the issue here.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   IGNORING She one of saucer people.
                   *Sure*.  She look and talk like
                   human being, but she really a saucer
                   people.  Explain everything.

                                   RAYE
                   You don't think so?  Then how do you
                   explain her translation trick?

SHAMPOO stares at RAYE as though in doubt as to her sanity.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Magic!

                                   RAYE
                   DEEP SIGH Okay, whatEVER.  I don't
                   see why you got so mad at --

                                  SHAMPOO
                   She let me think she from other than
                   Japan --

                                   RAYE
                   And she is!  Even if you aren't
                   willing to believe that she's from
                   another planet, she *is* from
                   outside Japan.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   SNORT Sure.  She have Annoying
                   Not-Know Girl as friend, but she
                   not from Japan --

                                   RAYE
                   ANGRY And what's that supposed
                   to mean?

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Shampoo know how Japanese people are
                   to foreigners.  Shampoo know *very*
                   well how Japanese people --

                                   RAYE
                   *VERY* ANGRY Oh YEAH?  You know
                   the opinion of each and every one
                   of the Japanese, huh?

                                  SHAMPOO
                   I --

                                   RAYE
                   You even call me "Not-Know Girl",
                   and then have the nerve to say you
                   know how I feel or think?  BEAT
                   Yeah, there's a lot of racism in
                   Japan.  I'm not going to try and
                   justify it, or apologize for it.
                   All I can do is try and live my life
                   without embracing it.

RAYE turns away.

                                   RAYE
                   And for what it's worth, if I were
                   as bad as you're making me out to 
                   be, I wouldn't have my best friends
                   in this world.  BEAT  Because all
                   four of them are `only' part-
                   Japanese.  Later, Cheesebun Head.

She stalks away, leaving SHAMPOO with a very confused expression.

From the roof of the dojo, AETHAN is watching with an oddly amused look on 
his face.  He shakes his head, and then suddenly looks towards the gates 
of the dojo.

MINAKO approaches the gate of the dojo at a dead run, gasping for breath.  
She pauses momentarily.

                                  MINAKO
                   ... six minutes ...

She closes her eyes, and shakes her head violently.  She returns to her 
normal appearance, and opens the gate.

AETHAN is standing just inside.  Their eyes meet.  A long silence ensues.

                                  MINAKO
                   I'm not clean anymore.  Will you let
                   me love you, now?

AETHAN's face gives no indication if he's confused by her words or not.

                                  AETHAN
                   I should have explained to you what
                   was happening.  I should not have
                   just left you there.  BEAT  You
                   should not have interfered when the
                   teleportation took effect.  You
                   placed yourself in serious danger.
                   BEAT I think we're even.  Don't
                   you?

MINAKO nods, trembling.

                                  AETHAN
                   Very well.  BEAT  Do you want me
                   to take you to your friends or --

                                  MINAKO
                   PANICS NO!  BEAT; GASP No.

                                  AETHAN
                   All right.  BEAT  You're going to
                   have to face them sooner or later,
                   though.

                                  MINAKO
                   ALMOST ACCUSING You know.

Close in on AETHAN's eye.

We see a surreal image of MINAKO -- a line drawing in pale chalk on a 
shifting polychromatic background.  On the drawing, blobs of colour are 
dabbed -- red on the hands, black on the heart, green in the stomach, and 
white interspersed clots of the shifting background in the mind.  Her eyes 
are still blue.

                               AETHAN (V.O.)
                   Yes.  I know.

Close in on one of the eyes.

We draw back from MINAKO's actual eye.

                                  MINAKO
                   They can't.  Not *ever*.

There is another long silence.

                                  AETHAN
                   All right.  Then they won't.  BEAT
                   Come.  You need a shower.

He clutches his arm around her shoulders, and she nestles into his side.  
They begin to walk in the direction of the Helifortress.

                                  MINAKO
                   It won't work.  BEAT  But I'll do
                   it, anyway.  BEAT  Does it ever
                   get easier?

                                  AETHAN
                   Yes.  Every time.  It gets easier,
                   and easier, and easier ... and then
                   it gets hard to stop. BEAT  It is
                   ... *very* hard for me to stop.

                                  MINAKO
                   But you do.

                                  AETHAN
                   Yes.

                                  MINAKO
                   Will you teach me to stop?

                                  AETHAN
                   If I can.

Fade to black.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   Aino Minako frightens me.  BEAT
                   It's something I've never dealt with
                   before -- I've been afraid of what
                   someone's going to do to me or to 
                   people I care about ... but I've
                   never been scared of what someone
                   might do to herself.  BEAT When I
                   visited her, in preparation for
                   writing this, I was prepared to deal
                   with a grieving woman.  And she
                   wasn't.  She was very cheerful when
                   we spoke, and it wasn't until I
                   *looked* that I saw the anguish and
                   turmoil that she was suffering from.
                   BEAT  She gave me *everything* 
                   about these days, from beginning to
                   end.  Even beyond all the minutiae I
                   had to cut, I've left out the candid
                   depictions of her "encounters" with
                   DeGales, among other things. BEAT
                   Anyway, it was around eleven that
                   morning that the meeting finally
                   got going.

Fade in on the kitchen.  LITA and PATRICIA are watching KASUMI prepare a 
dish of some sort, and listening to her instructions, as UKYOU enters.

                                  KASUMI
                   Ara!  Hello, Kuonji-san.

                                   UKYOU
                   Hello, Kasumi.  Uh ... Sailor ...
                   Jupiter, right?

                                   LITA
                   Yep.

                                   UKYOU
                   BEAT Never *dreamed* I'd be ...
                   anyway, your leader asked me to tell
                   you that the meeting's starting.

KASUMI watches this exchange intently.

                                   LITA
                   Okay, thanks.  BEAT Raye and Amy
                   are already there, though ... and
                   it's not like she's going to need me
                   to do anything they can't ... so ...

                                   UKYOU
                   Tell me about it.  I feel like I'm
                   only here because Ranchan invited me
                   over two nights ago, and hasn't
                   figured out how to ask me to leave.
                   BEAT; QUICK But that's not true,
                   of course.

KASUMI diplomatically finishes off the katsudon she's making without 
comment.

                                  KASUMI
                   Well, then, Kuonji-san, would you
                   like to help us cook?

                                   UKYOU
                   Sure!  BEAT  How about some --

                                  KASUMI
                   I'm sorry, but we're all out of the
                   ingredients for okonomiyaki --

                                   UKYOU
                   That's okay, I brought a bunch with
                   me.  I'll go get my gear!

She dashes off.  KASUMI looks stricken.

                                   LITA
                   Ummm ... don't you like okonomiyaki?

                                  KASUMI
                   Not ... three days ... in a row, no.

LITA appears fairly ill at the thought.  There is a sudden doorbell.  
KASUMI quickly heads out to answer it.  The door slides open, revealing 
BELLDANDY, MARA, and KEIICHI.

KASUMI's face freezes, as does BELLDANDY's face.  The tension in the room 
increases several times over.

                                  KASUMI
                   CLIPPED What do *you* want here?

                                 BELLDANDY
                   I am Goddess First Class, Unlimited
                   License, Belldandy.  My sisters are
                   within.  I *will* enter.

KEIICHI is looking at BELLDANDY in shock at the coldness in her words.  
MARA appears to be panicking.

                                   MARA
                   ... she finally develops some back-
                   bone, and it has to happen *now*?

Both of them are ignored.

                                  KASUMI
                   You are not welcome here.

Their eyes lock.  Yellow lightning flashes between them.

                                  KEIICHI
                   DISBELIEVING Belldandy ...?

BELLDANDY abruptly breaks the eyelock, and turns to look at KEIICHI 
uncertainly.  KASUMI follows her gaze, and quickly makes a decision.

                                  KASUMI
                   Young sir.  What is your name?

                                  KEIICHI
                   Me?

                                  KASUMI
                   Yes, had I referred to the daemon
                   accompanying you, I should have said
                   "young madam".

                                  KEIICHI
                   Uh ... Morisato Keiichi.  Nice to --

                                  KASUMI
                   Morisato Keiichi-san, can you vouch
                   for this person's lack of hostile
                   intent?

                                  KEIICHI
                   VERY CONFUSED Uh ... you mean Mara,
                   right?

MARA glares at him.

                                  KASUMI
                   No.  I refer to this "Goddess".

                                  KEIICHI
                   Right.  Sorry.  MIND CATCHES UP
                   Hostile intent?!  *Belldandy's* --

                                  KASUMI
                   Correct.

                                  KEIICHI
                   Uh ... y-yes, of course!  She'd
                   never even hurt a fly!

KASUMI gazes at KEIICHI for a long moment ... then nods, decisively.

                                  KASUMI
                   VERY FORMAL The Goddess First
                   Class Belldandy, the Demon First 
                   Class Mara, and the mortal Morisato
                   Keiichi may enter the Tendou home. 
                   BEAT Should any harm come to any
                   here by your actions, I shall
                   forthwith insist on your departure.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   I shall finish my business here,
                   and depart immediately thereafter.

KASUMI steps aside.  As BELLDANDY steps past her, she whispers.

                                  KASUMI
                   WHISPER If you harm any of my
                   sisters, I shall kill you.

BELLDANDY gives no indication of hearing, but walks past, cooly serene.  
MARA evidently did hear, and gives KASUMI an incredulous look as she walks 
past.  KASUMI ignores her, and instead glomps onto KEIICHI as he passes.

                                  KASUMI
                   This way, Morisato-san.

                                  KEIICHI
                   Uh, excuse me?

KASUMI smiles apologetically.

                                  KASUMI
                   I am sorry, Mr. Morisato, but as you
                   are a hostage, I have to keep an eye
                   on you.  Please come this way.

She politely guides the shocked KEIICHI down the hall.  Suddenly, 
BELLDANDY's "angel", Hollybell, appears before KASUMI's face, and speaks
in an incomprehensible language.

                                 SUBTITLE
                   Thus saith Belldandy:  Should any 
                   harm come to Keiichi-san, I shall
                   not rest until the line of the Moon
                   Kingdom is no more.

The "angel" vanishes.

                                  KEIICHI
                   BLINKS Uh ... what was that all
                   about?

                                  KASUMI
                   Nothing very important.  BEAT Do
                   you like okonomiyaki, Morisato-san?

                                  KEIICHI
                   Well, yeah, it's okay.

                                  KASUMI
                   Oh, good.

SASAMI is standing at the door to the kitchen, staring down the hallway 
with a forlorn expression, as KASUMI and KEIICHI approach from behind her.

                                  KASUMI
                   Ara?

SASAMI turns around, and bows quickly.

                                  SASAMI
                   Hello.  My big sister said that they
                   were going to be talking about grown
                   up things, so I should go help in the
                   kitchen.  Can I?

                                  KASUMI
                   MURMURED I wonder when we approach
                   the point of "too many"?  ALOUD Of
                   course.  You are Sasami-chan, if I
                   remember rightly?

                                  SASAMI
                   CHEERFUL AND ENTHUSIASTIC Yes!

                                  KASUMI
                   And this is Morisato Keiichi-san.

KEIICHI smiles despite his confusion.

                                  KEIICHI
                   Pleased to meet you.

SASAMI is *very* startled, and stares at KEIICHI without responding.

                                  KEIICHI
                   Uh ... something wrong?

SASAMI snaps out of it, and shakes her head quickly, not trusting her 
voice.

                                  KEIICHI
                   Ooookay.

Cut to the inside of the dojo, the only room in the house large enough to 
hold this meeting.  All the cast except those who have been shown to be 
elsewhere or who enter during the scene are present.  RYOUKO is smiling 
malevolently in RANMA's direction. causing him to become very nervous.  
AKANE notices, and is building up to "jealousy".  AMY is quietly working 
with her computer.

KENT is addressing the assembly.

                                   KENT
                   ... and that's the situation.  A
                   group of demons have been summoned
                   to this world by persons unknown --
                   although we have suspicions --

                                   RANMA
                   The old freak.

                                   KENT
                   NODS -- and I am asking for your
                   collective assistance in dealing
                   with them.  BEAT  Any questions?

SERENA's hand shoots straight up.

                                   KENT
                   Yes, Ms. Tsukino?

                                  SERENA
                   What about Mina?  What are you
                   doing to --

                                   KENT
                   As I told Mr. DeGales, there's not
                   much we can do except --

The door slides open.  MINAKO, looking refreshed and cheerful, wanders in, 
followed closely by AETHAN.

                                  MINAKO
                   -- except what's going to work!

                                  SERENA
                   MINA!

RAYE half-rises.

                                   RAYE
                   God, Mina, are you all --

                                  MINAKO
                   VERY SINCERE Yes!  I'm completely
                   all right.  Why wouldn't I be?

                                  GIDEON
                   You got lost in the Void, girl,
                   that's not --

                                  MINAKO
                   I coped!  BEAT  You're ... Michael
                   Gideon, right?  Aethan's told me a
                   lot about you!

                                  GIDEON
                   Really.  BEAT  Huh.  He hasn't
                   told me anything about you.

                                  MINAKO
                   Of course not.  BEAT  So, what'd
                   I miss?

                                   KENT
                   Well, to summarize, demons are 
                   invading, will you help us fight
                   them?

                                  MINAKO
                   Oh.  BEAT  Yeah, that'd explain
                   it.  You're Kent Masefield, right?

                                   KENT
                   Correct.  Aethan told --

                                  MINAKO
                   No, not much.  But this woman named
                   Jessica told me that you'd be here,
                   and --

KENT moves from a position a few feet away from MINAKO to where he's 
looming over her.  His face is blanch white.

                                   KENT
                   NOT MUCH OVER A WHISPER WHAT?

MINAKO stares up at him without concern.

                                  MINAKO
                   Don't crowd me, please.

KENT opens his mouth to snap a retort ... and something in MINAKO's eyes 
makes him back down.

                                  MINAKO
                   I worked my way out of -- the
                   Void? -- quite a ways from here.
                   There was a demon ... and I fought
                   it, with some help from some of my
                   other friends.  BEAT  Anyway,
                   after we'd finished, this woman
                   came out of nowhere, beat the heck
                   out of my friends, and told me to
                   deliver a message to a guy named
                   Kent Masefield, here.  BEAT
                   She said to tell you that Jessica
                   was here, and that she was waiting.
                   And then she flew away.

ANDREW is getting to his feet, looking alarmed.

                                  ANDREW
                   Flew, as in, ran away fast, right?

                                  MINAKO
                   SLOWLY; AS THOUGH TO AN IDIOT No,
                   she *flew*.

NINIANE nods, fatalistically.

                                  MINAKO
                   So -- does it make any sense to
                   you?

                                   KENT
                   QUIET Yes.  BEAT  That woman
                   was Jessica --

                                  MINAKO
                   I *think* I'd figured out that part.

                                   KENT
                   Her full name is Jessica Drummond.
                   She's an international terrorist and
                   criminal, wanted on every continent
                   except Antarctica, for offenses
                   punishable by death.  BEAT  She is
                   also my half-sister.

Silence greets this revelation.

                                   KENT
                   My father ... was a great and heroic
                   man.  BEAT  He made a number of
                   terrible mistakes in his life.  
                   BEAT  I ... it seems, at times,
                   that it is the responsibility of
                   children to either continue the work
                   that their parents left undone ...
                   or to make amends for the mistakes
                   of their parents' lives ... or as
                   often as not, both.

He seems to be looking at RANMA as he says this.

                                   KENT
                   She's waiting?  That's not a
                   surprise ... she's been waiting for
                   a chance to kill me since we were
                   about eight years old.  BEAT Did
                   she say anything else?

                                  MINAKO
                   Uh ... I think she said something
                   about it being a shame that a lot of
                   people had to die for someone's
                   mistake --

                                   KENT
                   IMPATIENT And?

                                  MINAKO
                   Would you back off, please?  Geez,
                   I wasn't expecting the Span--

                                   KENT
                   ODD SMILE Don't.  The way things
                   are going, they'd show up.

MINAKO is completely shocked.

                                   KENT
                   Ahem.

                                  MINAKO
                   Uh ... THINKS something about it
                   being strange that ... the police
                   hadn't shown up --

AKANE is suddenly on her feet.

                                   AKANE
                   Wait a minute -- I remember thinking
                   the same thing the other night, when
                   that demon blew up the train station
                   and -- that it was ridiculous for
                   the police to have not shown up
                   after something that ... *big* had
                   happened.

                                   KENT
                   SLOWLY The police did show up, but
                   not until --

                                    URD
                   Until after I called them.

KENT turns to look at her, a bit surprised.

                                   KENT
                   You did?

                                    URD
                   What?  You think all I do is walk
                   around and look good?

                                   SKULD
                   MUTTERED Could fool me sometimes.
                   ALOUD We saw the explosion, and
                   figured that since we were inside
                   the nexus of improbability, we
                   shouldn't use our powers to fix
                   things, because we didn't know how
                   it'd come out --

URD glowers at SKULD as a brief SD image of what actually happened appears 
over her head:  the explosion, then SD-URD cackling as she flexes her 
fingers, and begins to make magical gestures, followed by SD-SKULD 
whopping her with the mallet, and lecturing in an incoherent, tinny voice.

                                  DARIEN
                   You'll excuse me for saying so, but
                   it seems that everything seems to be
                   pointing towards the police as "part
                   of the problem".

                                   KENT
                   NOD Or at least, something's
                   happening there that Jessica --

                                  MINAKO
                   -- or her boss.

                                   KENT
                   Her boss?

                                  MINAKO
                   Yeah ... she said something about
                   how she'd stopped someone from
                   stopping the gate from opening, so
                   that she could make a deal with --

                                MARA (O.S.)
                   She's *MINE*.

URD and SKULD's heads whip around to the door as it slams open, revealing 
a *very* pissed off MARA.  SKULD's mallet is instantly at hand, and URD 
begins to summon up a thunderbolt --

Just as BELLDANDY steps into view.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   Oh, *there* you are!  I've been
                   looking all over for the two of you.

URD and SKULD facefault.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   Please allow me to introduce myself.
                   I am the Goddess First Class,
                   Unlimited License, Belldandy.  I
                   take it that you've met my sisters.

BELLDANDY turns to KENT, and blinks at him for a moment.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   Oh my.  BEAT  Aren't you --

NINIANE begins to move her hand behind her back, tracing an arcane pattern 
in the air, as she stares with horror at BELLDANDY.  BELLDANDY pauses, 
then shakes her head.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   I'm sorry.  I mistook you for some-
                   one else.

NINIANE lets out a sigh of relief, and drops her hand.  KENT is plainly 
confused, but covers it by turning to look at MARA.

                                   KENT
                   Excuse me ... but aren't you a
                   demon?

Everyone reacts to that.  RAYE gets out an ofuda, RYOUKO looks at MARA 
with interest, etc.

                                   MARA
                   Yeah.  What's yer point?

                                   KENT
                   VERY CASUAL Why shouldn't we blast
                   you off the face of the earth?

                                   MARA
                   Maybe because you don't have the
                   cojones.  BEAT  Or maybe because,
                   miracul of miraculs, I'm on your
                   side?

                                   KENT
                   What side's that?

                                   MARA
                   The "get-rid-of-the-Adversary" side?

NINIANE, URD, SKULD, AETHAN, and COLOGNE all react with varying degrees of 
shock.  MCGOVERN has a strange little smile.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   It was the first time most of those
                   in the room had heard the name ...
                   at least in connection with our
                   current situation ...

KENT has a strange expression on his face.

                                   KENT
                   The Adversary?

                                   MARA
                   Yeah.  A few days back some idiot
                   mortal attracted its attention
                   and drew it to this plane.  I tried
                   to stop the stupid ritual, but your
                   little sister stopped me before I
                   could.

                                  TENCHI
                   Uh ... excuse me, but what exactly
                   is the ... Adversary?

MARA opens her mouth to explain.

                                  NINIANE
                   Evil.  BEAT  It is the enemy of
                   all who live.

                                  TENCHI
                   Oh.  BEAT  So ... why not just
                   call it the Enemy, then?

NINIANE opens her mouth to reply, then steals a quick look at KENT.  She 
shrugs.

                                  NINIANE
                   Tradition.

KENT turns back to MARA.

                                   KENT
                   In any event ... why did you try to
                   prevent the Adversary's coming?

                                   MARA
                   SHRUG I'm not done with this world
                   yet.  And when the Adversary is,
                   there won't be anything left of it
                   but a barren cinder orbiting a burnt
                   out star.  Where's the fun in that?

KENT nods once, then turns back to NINIANE.

                                   KENT
                   You know about this thing?

                                  NINIANE
                   Legends, only.

                                   KENT
                   How can it be beaten?

MARA has a brief fit of laughter, which earns her hostile looks from all 
three goddesses.

                                  NINIANE
                   According to the legends -- boredom.
                   BEAT In several accounts, when the
                   Adversary wasn't able to achieve a
                   sufficiently swift victory, it lost
                   interest in the conflict, and quit
                   the field.

                                  COLOGNE
                   The accounts of my people also tell
                   of such things.

A series of Chinese paintings illustrate the following tale.  Ku-Len Sing 
resembles has long, greenish-black hair, with earlocks.

                              COLOGNE (V.O.)
                   It is said that Ku-Len Sing, the 
                   daughter of an Amazon matriarch and
                   the God of War, was able to cause
                   the Adversary -- whose name in our
                   tongue I will not pronounce -- to 
                   lose interest in Earth during the 
                   First Emperor's reign by defeating a
                   horde of goblinkind, singlehandedly.
                   The battle is said to have lasted
                   five days and five nights.

                               RANMA (V.O.)
                   So what happened to her after that?

                              COLOGNE (V.O.)
                   Most of the parts of her body were
                   recovered, eventually.

Cut back to reality.  Most of the more ... sensitive souls in the room are 
rather disturbed by COLOGNE's story, and SERENA in particular seems green 
around the gills.

                                   KENT
                   I'm not going to ask what happens
                   to the heroes in your stories, all
                   right, Niniane?

                                  NINIANE
                   Probably a wise move.

                                   KENT
                   Okay ... what exactly does this
                   thing want?  Power?  Souls?  A
                   blue gem with an attitude problem?

NINIANE has a guarded expression, and is relieved when BELLDANDY speaks 
up.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   According to the stories of *my*
                   people ... it craves the destruction
                   of the material universe.

                                   KENT
                   MUTTERED ... next time, definitely
                   take the fishing trip.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   Excuse me?

                                   KENT
                   Never mind.  BEAT  All right.  One
                   thing at a time -- I think that we
                   should examine the question of why
                   the local police are being so slow
                   on the draw.  BEAT  Come to think
                   of it ... it took a rather long time
                   for them to get there after Shujin's
                   murder, too ...

                                  NABIKI
                   SUDDENLY INTERESTED Yeah.  I mean,
                   it's *normal* for them to stay the
                   heck away from martial arts duels in
                   this town, but after a murder -- they
                   took something like a half hour to
                   get there.

                                   KENT
                   I take it that you know about how
                   the police operate under normal
                   circumstances?

                                  NABIKI
                   MODEST I keep my eyes open.

                                   KENT
                   NODS Okay.  TO EVERYONE What I'm
                   going to suggest may surprise some
                   of you, but I think that the best
                   way that we can operate is to divide
                   into groups of three --

NINIANE and RANMA look startled.  A confused murmur begins to develop.

                                   KENT
                   -- but not necessarily three people
                   from the same ... *team*, as you
                   might call them.

                                   RANMA
                   Uh ... why *three*?

                                   KENT
                   BLASE It's my lucky number. BEAT
                   Also, there are exactly twenty-seven
                   people here, now, which gives us
                   nine of these groups.

AMY suddenly looks up from her computer.

                                    AMY
                   There are only twenty-six here.
  		   BEAT  Ah ... Lita.

                                   KENT
                   NODS I included Sailor Jupiter,
                   yes.  BEAT  What are you doing, if
                   you don't mind my asking?

                                    AMY
                   UNLFLUSTERED/B> I'm taking minutes.
                   That *is* proper meeting procedure,
                   isn't it?

                                   KENT
                   Yes it is.  I'm glad you thought of
                   it.  Thank you.

                                  COLOGNE
                   Ahem.  Excuse me, but I think you
                   would be better served if Ms. Kuonji
                   -- who is also in the kitchen --
                   went in my place.

KENT looks at COLOGNE for a moment, then nods slowly.

                                   KENT
                   Yes.  I see your point. MANDARIN
                   Thank you, Honored Grandmother, for
                   forgoing the glory of the field to
                   defend this place.

COLOGNE accepts the thanks with good grace, turns to SHAMPOO and gives her 
a meaningful look, and starts to hop out of the room.

                                  COLOGNE
                   I will send Ms. Kuonji and the Sailor
                   Senshi back when I meet them.

She slides the door shut behind her.

                                   KENT
                   Now, I'd like to give you the chance
                   to make your own groups, but --

Chaos.  RYOUKO and AYEKA grab either side of TENCHI, with MIHOSHI looking 
anxiously down at him from behind.  AKANE does not go so far as to grab 
RANMA, but she *does* give SHAMPOO a warning glare -- which is returned, 
with interest.  RYOUGA glowers in RANMA's direction.  RAYE, AMY, and MINA 
exchange a quick look of anxiety, before looking at DARIEN and SERENA, 
sitting together holding hands peacefully.  MARA grins at BELLDANDY, which 
look is not lost on URD and SKULD.  KYOUSUKE looks lost.

                                   KENT
                   MUTTERED -- but that probably
                   wouldn't work.  BEAT  I wonder
                   why.

AMY suddenly waves her hand in the air, and the arguments slow as she 
does.

                                    AMY
                   Excuse me!  I think I can come up
                   with a fair way of choosing the
                   groups.

                                   KENT
                   Go on.

                                    AMY
                   My computer will randomly pick
                   three names from the list of people
                   present, and set them up as a group.
                   Would everyone view that as fair?

RYOUKO and AYEKA look as though they want to protest the arbitrary nature 
of the possibility that they won't either of them get TENCHI.

                                  TENCHI
                   *VERY* FAST Yes!  Very fair!

                                   KENT
                   I have one request, however.  BEAT
                   Nabiki-san, you mentioned that you
                   were familiar with the police.  I'd
                   appreciate it if you'd accompany me
                   when I went down to the station.

NABIKI seems to be about to ask "What's it worth to you", but something in 
KENT's expresssion stops her.

                                  NABIKI
                   GRUDGING Okay.

                                   KENT
                   And if ...

KENT surveys the assembled group, and his gaze settles on the TENCHI 
bunch.

                                   KENT
                   ... you'd also come with me, Mr.
                   Masaki, I'd appreciate it.

Shock dominates RYOUKO and AYEKA's features.  They suddenly glare at 
NABIKI, as if non-verbally warning her off.  NABIKI seems unphased.

                                  TENCHI
                   Certainly, if you think I can help.

                                   KENT
                   Right.  If you could remove their
                   names and mine from the process, we
                   can get started.

                                    AMY
                   It's done.

A piece of paper shoots out from the back of the computer, and falls to 
the floor.

Cut to a place of endless grey mist.  PLUTO and WASHUU appear to be 
studying a large, incandescent globe.  WASHUU is laughing her head off, 
much to PLUTO's obvious annoyance.

                                  WASHUU
                   "Random selection".  Right.  Sure.
                   So how long ago did you set these
                   teams up, anyway?  Before or after
                   the Silver Millenium?

                                   PLUTO
                   My, aren't we cynical.  I did not.

                                  WASHUU
                   STILL AMUSED Sure.

                                   PLUTO
                   VERY ANNOYED Washuu, if it were my
                   intention to *interfere* in these
                   events, Uranus and Neptune would be
                   there.  BEAT  As it is, you are
                   correct -- given the intersecting
                   probability fields in the Tendou
                   dojo, the results are not in any way
                   random.

                                  WASHUU
                   AMUSED If you say so, I guess --

                                   PLUTO
                   Washuu, shut up.

                                  WASHUU
                   Gonna make me?

A long, EXTREMELY hostile look is exchanged.

                                  WASHUU
                   Don't bother trying to intimidate
                   me, Pluto.  I know exactly what
                   you're capable of doing, and I know
                   that the last time we went 'round,
                   it was a draw.  I might not remember
                   much else about it, but I *do* know
                   that I've progressed since then.

                                   PLUTO
                   QUIET And I have not?

                                  WASHUU
                   I doubt it.  You wouldn't need me if
                   you had.

A long silence ensues.

                                   PLUTO
                   It would not be appropriate for
                   beings of our stature to be fighting
                   one another at this time.  Reality
                   itself is imperiled --

                                  WASHUU
                   -- or it's closer than ever before
                   to perfection.  BEAT  I know what
                   happens in the Gathering, Pluto.
                   I've observed it millions of times,
                   in places far removed from this
                   little mudball.  BEAT  And all I
                   care about is that my daughter and
                   her friends come out of this alive
                   and sane.  The rest of you can go
                   hang, for all I care.

                                   PLUTO
                   For one who claims to have grown,
                   *Callistra*, you don't seem to
                   have changed a great deal.

WASHUU glares at PLUTO with real anger now.

Cut to RYOUGA plodding along with a depressed look on his face.

                                  RYOUGA
                   Why do random selections always end
                   up with me *not* being with --

AMY, transformed to SAILOR MERCURY, walking beside him, smiles 
apologetically.

                                    AMY
                   I programmed the selector to not
                   pair up associates unless there
                   was no one else available.  It
                   seemed the best solution to the
                   problem of what to do about the
                   ladies from Okayama.

                                  RYOUGA
                   DEPRESSED Oh.  That makes sense.
                   I guess.  Kind of.

ANDREW, walking a little ways behind the two of them, is looking around at 
his surroundings with the air of one constantly alert for danger.

                                  ANDREW
                   So are there any more?

                                  RYOUGA
                   Excuse me?

                                  ANDREW
                   Any more quote godlike martial
                   artists unquote in this district?

                                  RYOUGA
                   Oh.  Well, there's Mousse, but he's
                   on a training trip.  Uh ... Konatsu,
                   the ninja who works in Ucchans --

                                  ANDREW
                   MUTTERED There *would* be a ninja
                   in it, eventually ...

                                  RYOUGA
                   -- I suppose Kodachi might count,
                   but she's probably out of it.  That
                   combat cheerleader -- whatsername,
                   Mariko ... but she moved out a
                   while back.  That guy who does the
                   Martial Arts Tea Ceremony --

                                  ANDREW
                   Okay, okay, okay!  MUTTERED Why
                   did I ask?  Oh, why did I ask?

RYOUGA is caught up his telling.

                                  RYOUGA
                   -- and then there are the occasional
                   weirdos who wander through, like
                   Pantyhose Tarou.

                               TAROU (O.S.)
                   Gee, thanks, pig boy.

RYOUGA, with something akin to genuine fear on his face, whirls to see 
that the effeminate looking martial artist is leaning against the wall of 
a nearby building.

                                   TAROU
                   HEAVY SARCASM It's nice to know
                   you think I'm in the same league as
                   the Tea Ceremony guy.

                                  RYOUGA
                   WARY What do you want?

TAROU gets off the wall.

                                   TAROU
                   The usual.  Where's the old freak?

                                  RYOUGA
                   I don't know.

TAROU considers this.

                                   TAROU
                   Okay.  That didn't strain your
                   brain, did it?

                                    AMY
                   ANNOYED Excuse me --

TAROU doesn't even bother looking at her.

                                   TAROU
                   Shut up, slit.  I'm gonna go to the
                   the Dojo of Stupid People and ask
                   fem boy --

AMY is too shocked to say anything.

                                  RYOUGA
                   OUTRAGED Hey!  Take that back.

                                   TAROU
                   What?

                                  RYOUGA
                   What you just called her!  Why --

                                   TAROU
                   Look, piggy wiggy, I'll call whoever
                   I want, whatever I want -- unless
                   you'd care to do something about my
                   mouth?

RYOUGA unlimbers his umbrella with an angry expression.

                                    AMY
                   Mr. Hibiki -- you don't have to do
                   this!

                                  RYOUGA
                   I am *not* going to just stand here
                   and let --

                                    AMY
                   It's all right, it's just a word.
                   I'm not --

                                   TAROU
                   Come on, P-chan ... unless your li'l
                   girl is holding your weenie --

AMY, outraged at the implication, whirls.

                                    AMY
                   MERCURY BUBBLES FREEZE!

A storm of bubbles shoot towards TAROU, who, not expecting to be beset by 
magic, is caught by them.  An icy statue forms around him.  RYOUGA stares 
at AMY in shock.

                                    AMY
                   A BIT EMBARRASSED My boyfriend's
                   honor was at stake.  I --

TAROU shatters the ice, and smiles evilly.

                                   TAROU
                   How refreshing.  Now, *pig-boy*,
                   where were we?  Oh yeah.  The scene
                   where I beat your head in.  Well,
                   let's GO.

Close up of TAROU's snarling face --

Just as two shots ring out.  TAROU's face freezes ... as he slowly 
crumples to the ground.  Blood is flowing from his knees, and he is 
obviously in great pain.

ANDREW, holding his Colt "Peacemaker" Revolver, has no more expression on 
his face than he would if he'd just swatted a fly.

TAROU is shocked beyond anger.

                                   TAROU
                   You son of a bitch.  You've crippled
                   me.

                                  ANDREW
                   Probably.  But try anything, and the
                   next one'll go right between your
                   eyebrows.  *I* don't have time for
                   your stupid little games, and I'm
                   fairly sure that Mr. Hibiki wasn't
                   really spoiling for a fight.  TO
                   RYOUGA Am I wrong?

                                  RYOUGA
                   A *BIT* SCARED Uh ... no.  Not
                   ... much.  With him.

                                  ANDREW
                   Okay, then.  If I don't forget, I'll
                   be sure and call an ambulance and
                   tell them where to find you.  See
                   ya.

He starts off in the direction they were headed before.  After a moment, 
RYOUGA follows.  AMY almost starts to bend down and try and treat the 
wounds, but TAROU snarls at her, causing her to back off, and head after 
them.

AMY catches up to ANDREW, *very* angry.

                                    AMY
                   Was that *necessary*?

ANDREW returns her glare evenly for a moment, then nods subtly.

                                  ANDREW
                   No.  I could have blown his head off
                   first thing.

                                    AMY
                   Or you could have tried talking --

                                  ANDREW
                   Isn't that what Mr. Hibiki *did*,
                   Ms. Mizuno?  TO RYOUGA What's
                   that guy's beef, anyway?

                                  RYOUGA
                   Well ... as near as I understand it,
                   he wants to find Happosai -- the one
                   Ranma calls the `old freak' and make
                   him give him a new name.  He doesn't
                   like his name, you see.

                                  ANDREW
                   What's so bad about Tarou?  I mean,
                   I wouldn't want to be named after a
                   cat either, but --

                                  RYOUGA
                   No, the other part.  Pantyhose.

ANDREW comes to a dead stop, and gives RYOUGA the Look.  Ryouga has never 
gotten the Look from another man, so it makes him rather nervous.

                                  ANDREW
                   It's not *nice* to tell dumb jokes
                   to your elders, kid.

                                  RYOUGA
                   No, *seriously*!  Happosai named him,
                   and --

                                  ANDREW
                   Okay, is this some Japanese custom I
                   don't know about?  That only the one
                   who named you can change it?

                                  RYOUGA
                   EXPLAINING THE OBVIOUS He's not
                   Japanese.  He's Chinese.

ANDREW rolls his eyes.

                                  ANDREW
                   Okay.  Anyway, Ms. Mizuno, given
                   this information, how would you have
                   talked him out of fighting?

                                    AMY
                   I didn't *have* this information.
                   If I'd talked, I could have drawn it
                   out of him, empathized, and --

                                  ANDREW
                   PUZZLED Now, why would he have
                   empathized with you, when he'd just
                   called you a -- ahem, what he called
                   you?

                                    AMY
                   I ... BEAT I just think that it
                   didn't have to be so violent.
                   Violence doesn't solve anything.

                                  ANDREW
                   Tell that to the Carthaginians.

                                    AMY
                   ANGRY I've read Starship Troopers,
                   thank you.

                                  ANDREW
                   Really?  Huh.  I'm impressed.  I
                   shouldn't be, you seemed like a
                   smart kid from the start ... okay,
                   you're not wrong.  Me kneecapping
                   that screwed-up kid hasn't solved the
                   problem someone else is going to
                   have to deal with when it comes to
                   him, eventually.  But his problem
                   doesn't relate to the problem you,
                   me, and Hibiki are dealing with
                   right now.  It's too big, for one
                   thing.  Our job is to keep an eye
                   out for signs that the demons are
                   moving in the open.  BEAT  Do you
                   understand where I'm coming from?

                                    AMY
                   GRUDGING Yes.  I think so.  I 
                   don't know if I can agree with it,
                   but --

                                  ANDREW
                   That's not the point.  Are you
                   willing to put it behind you?

AMY eventually nods.

                                  ANDREW
                   Okay.  LOOKS UP  Now -- where the
                   hell did Hibiki go?

They are the only people on the street.

Cut to rooftops.  SKULD drops down on one of them, and looks backwards.

                                   SKULD
                   Well, at least Keiichi didn't try to
                   fool around with my big sister while
                   I was out.

AKANE drops down beside her.

                                   AKANE
                   He didn't seem like such a lecher
                   back there, Skuld-san.

                                   SKULD
                   Call me Skuld, please, honorifics
                   don't really apply.  And of course
                   he's a lecher.  All boys are. BEAT
                   Are you coming over or not?!?

Cut to a row of buildings across an alley -- perhaps eight or nine feet 
wide -- from AKANE and SKULD.  KYOUSUKE is looking down at the gulf with 
an anxious expression.

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   I'm really sorry ... I'm just not
                   used to --

                                   AKANE
                   Look, nobody will give you a second
                   look in this town, unless you do
                   something *really* flashy.  Jumping
                   across a gulf isn't going to make
                   waves.

KYOUSUKE nods uncertainly, then closes his eyes, glows momentarily, and 
jumps across the alleyway.

                                   AKANE
                   Okay.  Now get used to doing that
                   *without* pausing, and we'll be all
                   set.  BEAT  Now, what do you mean,
                   all boys are lechers?

                                   SKULD
                   Well they are.  BEAT; TO KYOUSUKE
                   When you were a teenager, were you a
                   lech, Mr. Kasuga?

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   No.  BEAT  Some of my -- what
                   constitutes being a lech, exactly?

                                   SKULD
                   Thinking of things that you'd like
                   to do to girls if you got a chance,
                   chasing after them --

                                   AKANE
                   MUTTERED, PERHAPS UNCONSCIOUSLY
                   ... letting more than one girl think
                   you're interested at a time ...

                                   SKULD
                   Oh, that's *sick*!  Nobody but a
                   complete lech would do that!

There is a long, uncomfortable pause.

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   Right.

                                   AKANE
                   I guess ...

                                   SKULD
                   Anyway, let's get going.

She dashes off.  AKANE gives KYOUSUKE a speculative glance that he 
pretends to ignore, as they follow.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   For the record ... no, I don't think
                   Kasuga-san is a lech.

Cut to KENT, NABIKI, and TENCHI, walking down the street slowly.

                                  TENCHI
                   Um ... Mr. Masefield, do you mind if
                   I ask you something?

                                   KENT
                   Ask, and I'll let you know if I mind
                   or not.

                                  TENCHI
                   Well, Mr. DeGales has told you about
                   ... well --

                                   KENT
                   He's told me what you *said*.  I
                   should tell you, he doesn't believe
                   in aliens.

                                  TENCHI
                   Well, I -- wait a minute!

                                  NABIKI
                   Oh, this should be interesting.

                                   KENT
                   Everyone has a different threshold
                   of disbelief.  BEAT  Anyway?

                                  TENCHI
                   Well, I was wondering whether or not
                   I'm going to be in trouble -- since
                   it's my fault that Princess Ayeka, and
                   Ryouko, and Mihoshi, and --

                                   KENT
                   No.  It's only when there are large
                   numbers of a species, interfering in
                   human affairs, that the PDF gets
                   involved.  BEAT  Although I think
                   may have to have some words with
                   our Japanese office.  You're from
                   Okayama?

TENCHI nods.

                                   KENT
                   DISTURBED That's very strange.
                   One of the PDF's senior members
                   lives there.

TENCHI develops a sick expression.

                                   KENT
                   He's retired, now, but if he were to
                   observe anything odd going on in the
                   vicinity, it wouldn't be hard for
                   him to call in an investigation
                   team.  I --

                                  TENCHI
                   WEAK Would his name be Masaki
                   Katsuhito?

                                   KENT
                   Why, yes.  BEAT  A relative of
		   yours, I take it?

TENCHI nods weakly.  NABIKI stares ... and a slow, *dangerous* smile grows 
on her face.

                                  NABIKI
                   SOFTLY I seeeee ...

Cut to the kitchen of the Masaki home, where YOSHOU (aka Masaki Katsuhito) 
is enjoying a quiet tea.

                                  YOSHOU
                   Ahhh.  An excellent blend.

KASUGA-OJIICHAN is sitting across from him.

                                 OJIICHAN
                   I'm glad you approve.  Now, about
                   the matter I came here to discuss.

                                  YOSHOU
                   Hmm.  As it happens, my grandson
                   doesn't have a fiancee, as such.
                   But do you really think that it's a
                   good idea to engage him to one of
                   your grand-daughters without telling
                   him?

                                 OJIICHAN
                   Well, at the rate those two are
                   going, they're never going to settle
                   down.  I'm just glad they quit
                   dating those two leches ... in any
                   case, we need to act in their best
                   interests.  BEAT  And besides,
                   it might produce something ... very
                   interesting?

YOSHOU sips his tea, inscrutably.

Cut to UKYOU, approaching the door of UCCHAN's.  She looks over her 
shoulder.

                                   UKYOU
                   If you don't mind, I'd like to check
                   out my okonomiyaki-ya before we go
                   any further.

LITA (as Sailor Jupiter) nods.  MICHAEL GIDEON, clearly a bit 
uncomfortable in the presence of these two, is standing a ways behind.

                                   LITA
                   Go right ahead ... sing out if you
                   need any help, though.

UKYOU flashes a friendly smile, and heads in.  LITA turns to look at 
MICHAEL.

                                   LITA
                   You know ... we still haven't been
                   formally introduced.

                                  MICHAEL
                   No ... no we haven't.  Michael
                   Gideon, atcherservice.  Everyone
                   calls me Gideon but --

Cut to UKYOU moving through the empty store with a cautious air.

Back outside.

                                   LITA
                   So how do you know Aethan?

                                  MICHAEL
                   GUARDED Pretty well.

Cut to UKYOU checking behind the grill.  She starts to examine the grill, 
establishing that it's rather warm.

Back outside.

                                   LITA
                   No, not how well do you know --

                                  MICHAEL
                   Oh.  Uh, we used to work pretty
                   closely together.  When the Shadows
                   were still a going concern.  But if
                   you know him, I guess you know all
                   about that.

Cut to UKYOU reacting to a faint noise, swiftly unlimbering her battle 
spatula.  She starts heading for the storage room.

Back outside.

                                   LITA
                   Uh ... maybe I don't know him as
                   well as that.  What are the Shadows?

MICHAEL flinches.

Cut to UKYOU standing beside the door, and slowly reaching for the handle.

Back outside.

                                  MICHAEL
                   Well, a few years ago, he talked
                   me and a few other people into doing
                   charity work -- of the `saving the 
                   world' variety, if you know -- yeah,
                   you know what I mean.  We called
                   ourselves the Shadows.

Cut to UKYOU closing her hand around the handle.  Her arm tenses.

Back outside.

                                   LITA
                   So where are these Shadows now?
                   Aside from you and him, I mean?

Cut to inside as UKYOU jerks back the handle, and jumps around the door to 
see what's inside the storage room.  Her eyes bulge in shock.

Back outside.

                                  MICHAEL
                   Most of 'em are dead.

Cut to UKYOU letting out a short, hollow scream.

Back outside.  LITA turns and dashes into the restaurant with her hands 
already beginning to make the gestures of an attack.  MICHAEL is not far 
behind.

Inside, LITA dashes towards where UKYOU is standing, her eyes tightly 
closed.

                                   LITA
                   What?  WHAT?

                                   UKYOU
                   I --

LITA looks in the supply closet.

KONATSU is standing there, beet red, holding a pile of clothes in front of 
hir "privates".

                                  KONATSU
                   I ... I was about to start cleaning 
                   up, and so I was changing into my --
                   TEARS FORGIVE ME, UKYOU-SAMA!

LITA slowly turns to look at UKYOU, whose eyes are still closed.

                                   LITA
                   Ummm ... friend of yours?

                                   UKYOU
                   TIGHT Employee.  Is s/he dressed
                   yet?

                                   LITA
                   Nooo.  BEAT  She?

                                   UKYOU
                   S/he.  Long story.

Cut to a little while later.  UKYOU is working behind the grill with a 
mortified expression, while LITA and MICHAEL eat okonomiyaki.

                                   LITA
                   I still don't see what the big deal
                   is.  I mean -- BEAT Wait.  Don't
                   tell me you've never seen a --

                                   UKYOU
                   Of course I haven't! BEAT At
                   least, not since I was very small,
                   and I was playing with --

MICHAEL begins to look embarrased.

                                   LITA
                   Okay, but it's *still* not such a
                   big deal.  I mean, I didn't see
                   it, but would you say that it was --

                                   UKYOU
                   I don't want to *think* about it,
                   thanks!

                                   LITA
                   Come on!  I mean, judging by his
                   chest, he's --

                                   UKYOU
                   -- a guy who thinks that part was a
                   mistake on the assembly line!  It's
                   bad enough my fiancee turns into a
                   girl, I don't want to put up with a
                   guy who *wants* to be a girl!

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   -- said Nerima's most famous female-
                   to-male transvestite.

                                  MICHAEL
                   Um, do you think we could get --

                                   LITA
                   I don't see what the big deal about
                   *that* is.  I mean, it'd be really
                   useful, I think.

                                   UKYOU
                   APPALLED Excuse me?

                                   LITA
                   Well think about it.

                                   UKYOU
                   DELIBERATE No.  I'm not *like*
                   that --

                                   LITA
                   Neither am *I*!  BEAT  But think
                   about it -- if he spends a lot of
                   time as a girl, he'll know what
                   girls *like*, right?

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   Well, no.

MICHAEL stands up and starts waving his arms.

                                  MICHAEL
                   VERY EMBARRASSED That's it!  I
                   quit!

He starts to head for the door, with UKYOU and LITA staring at him, 
startled to be reminded of his presence.  AETHAN appears in the doorway, 
staring quizzically at MICHAEL.

                                  AETHAN
                   "Quit?"

                                  MICHAEL
                   Uh ... I meant, for a smoke.

                                  AETHAN
                   Filthy habit.

He looks at UKYOU.

                                  AETHAN
                   May I come in?

                                   UKYOU
                   Uh ... sure.

AETHAN steps across the threshold, followed closely by MINAKO.

                                  MINAKO
                   Find anything?

                                   LITA
                   Not a thing.  You?

                                  MINAKO
                   Nope.  It's just as well, I guess.

                                   LITA
                   Huh?  Mina ... are you okay?  You're
                   usually more enthusiastic than --

                                  MINAKO
                   I meant that we've had enough
                   trouble with the third member of our
                   "team".

There is a low rumble, as of a building collapsing.

                              MIHOSHI (O.S.)
                   AAAACCK!

                                   LITA
                   Was that --

                                  AETHAN
                   WEARY If not, there is another
                   just like her, in which case total
                   surrender to the enemy seems like a
                   reasonable idea.

                                  MINAKO
                   Imagine Serena, only worse, without
                   any of her good qualities.

LITA shudders, then turns to look at AETHAN.

                                   LITA
                   So you used to run an operation
                   called the Shadows, huh?

AETHAN gives MICHAEL the Look.

                                  MICHAEL
                   She wormed it out of me with her
                   feminine wiles.

                                   LITA
                   MUTTERED You jerk.

                                  AETHAN
                   Ahem.  That's correct, yes.

                                   LITA
                   Is that where you met that Masefield
                   guy?

AETHAN blinks -- clearly he was not expecting a question along those 
lines.

                                  AETHAN
                   In a way.  BEAT  It was ... my,
                   close to two years ago.  Our agents
                   were running into frequent ... shall
                   we say, encounters? ... with PDF
                   personnel.

                                  MICHAEL
                   Shall we say, slugfests?

                                  AETHAN
                   It was, it turned out, a plot by a
                   third party -- actually, an alliance
                   of a few third parties -- to force
                   our organizations to expend their
                   strength fighting with each other,
                   rather than them.  Almost worked,
                   but for one thing.

                                  MICHAEL
                   We're in pitched battle with the
                   "Alpha" Team these guys send out --
                   the same people here now, basically
                   -- when all of a sudden the lights
                   go out, and when they come back,
                   Aethan and their chief are standing
                   face to face, smiling like Cheshire
                   cats who've just eaten canaries.

MINAKO mouths the words "smiling like Cheshire cats who've just eaten 
canaries" silently.

                                  AETHAN
                   FAINT SMILE What our adversaries
                   failed to take into consideration
                   was that while my path had never
                   before crossed Mr. Masefield's, I
                   was not unaware of his existence and
                   reputation -- nor vice versa.  It
                   was child's play to arrange matters
                   so that we could make an alliance of
                   our own.

                                   UKYOU
                   He's good with strategy?

                                  AETHAN
                   Very.

                                   UKYOU
                   DUBIOUS If you say so.

The image freezes.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   I should probably explain something
                   here -- Mr. DeGales, unlike Mr.
                   Gideon, actually spoke Japanese.
                   But he didn't think in it, he
                   translated in his head.  Which is
                   why his lack of familiarity with
                   all the names of everyone in my
                   household paid off.

Image resumes.

                                   UKYOU
                   If I were a genius of strategy, I
                   sure wouldn't leave someone as
                   untrustworthy as Cologne guarding
                   the house when Misty Cloud was
                   there.

Long silence.

                                  AETHAN
                   BLINK Excuse me?

                                   UKYOU
                   Kasumi.  The oldest Tendou sister?
                   The one who wanders around in --

                                  AETHAN
                   Yes, but her name means Misty
                   Cloud?

                                   UKYOU
                   Huh?  BEAT Yeah.  Huh.  Never
                   noticed that --

AETHAN whips around to stare at MICHAEL in horror, who returns the gaze in 
the same way.

                                  MICHAEL
                   SHRIEK GO, MAN, GO!

AETHAN goes.  He is out the door and out of sight before MICHAEL finishes 
speaking.

                                  MINAKO
                   Huh?  What?  AETHAN!

                                   LITA
                   TO MICHAEL What's going on?

                                  MICHAEL
                   A while ago, Aethan got a warning
                   that he was supposed to protect a
                   misty cloud.

                                   LITA
                   You mean, Kasumi-san?

                                  MICHAEL
                   Right.

Cut to KASUMI, carrying a basket of clean laundry out into the garden to 
hang.

                              MICHAEL (V.O.)
                   So in other words, regardless of
                   Masefield's strategy, everyone at
                   the house is in a hell of a lot of
                   trouble!

KASUMI begins to hang the laundry, humming a soft, gentle tune as she 
does.

From behind her, a shadow creeps across the lawn, until it covers KASUMI's 
back entirely.

KASUMI pauses, and with no expression on her face at all, turns to look 
behind her.

This particular demon (hereafter called a Sagu) is a hulking humanoid dark 
purple shape roughly eight feet tall, with a massive, cyclopean-eyed head 
which is slightly out of proportion to the size of its body.  It is gazing 
down at KASUMI without moving.

There is a long silence.

                                  KASUMI
                   Oh my.

The Sagu lifts its right arm high, a magical blade of force appearing from 
it -- then starts to swing it down towards KASUMI's horrified face.

It is met in midstroke by an ogham-engraved katana.  KASUMI looks down the 
sword's length to see AETHAN, his face clenched, his fangs obvious, his 
eyes slits.

                                  AETHAN
                   RUN.

KASUMI ducks under the hanging laundry and dashes for the house as the 
fight between AETHAN and the Sagu begins.

It is a dangerously equal battle, with neither fighter able to hold the 
advantage for very long.  Initially, the Sagu seems to be toying with the 
vampyre, but a few close misses end playtime.  The skin of AETHAN's face 
seems to be pulling very tightly against his skull.

Quite suddenly, AETHAN mistimes a step and falls over the laundry basket.  
The sword of the SAGU descends, and the laundry is stained with blood.

On the porch, KASUMI appears, half-dragging a protesting PATRICIA.  KASUMI 
lets out a shriek at the sight of her laundry, then turns to stare 
frantically at PATRICIA.

                                  KASUMI
                   Ultimate weapon?

PATRICIA blinks, startled -- and then her jaw sets.  She nods once, then 
stands in a wide stance on the porch, her arms at her side -- and then she 
opens her mouth to yell.

There is a flash of light.

The flash prompts the Sagu-demon to look up from whatever it is doing to 
AETHAN in time for a massive dark green fist to slam into its face, 
knocking it back.  The Sagu rolls up to get a look at the new attacker.

The Mark II MARCHER Powered Armor is roughly eight feet tall, without a 
distinct head servo -- there is an obvious head, but it is recessed into 
the body and doesn't turn.  Its eyes glow blue.  It is important to note 
that the MARCHER is disturbingly *biological* in its appearance -- instead
of clean mechanical limbs, its arms and legs are muscled much like a human
being's limbs.  In fact, the MARCHER and the Sagu resemble each other, in
a way.

The MARCHER points its fist towards the Sagu, and a pair of missile bays 
open up on its wrist.  Two grenade like projectiles are shot towards the 
Sagu, with only one hitting to explode against its carcass.  The Sagu 
howls in pain, and then bolts up to slam into the MARCHER, knocking both 
to the ground.  Pinning the MARCHER's arms with its knees, the Sagu begins 
to slam its fists into the head and shoulders of the Powered Armor.

Cut to inside the Powered Armor.  We can only see PATRICIA's head and 
shoulders.  She is being shaken by each impact, and appears to be in pain 
as well.  She lets out a hollow cry.

A shinai hits the back of the Sagu's head, doing absolutely no damage, but 
causing it to stop, and slowly turn around to see who has just assaulted 
it.  It stares for a few seconds at the frightened face of STENGOVITCH.

                                STENGOVITCH
                   MUTTERED, PANICKED What on Earth
                   am I doing?  I --

The Sagu lifts a fist --

Just as the MARCHER exerts itself to the utmost, throwing the Sagu off of 
it.  A haymaker punch sends the demon flying into the pond.  An arm 
reaches out of the pond, then convulses and falls back.  The MARCHER 
whirls to look at STENGOVITCH.  Its eyes glow *very* brightly.

There is another flash of light.

PATRICIA stands where the MARCHER was, looking *very* angry.

                                 PATRICIA
                   What are you *doing*, you fricking
                   *moron*, trying to get yourself
                   killed or --

                                STENGOVITCH
                   Well, I --

                                 PATRICIA
                   And don't go handing me some "but
                   I saved your life" schtick, I had
                   it under control!  I may have to
                   defer to Kent, I may have to defer
                   to my Uncle, but there's no way on
                   God's green earth that I'm going to
                   defer to --

The Sagu explodes out of the pond, rocketing towards the two of them.  
PATRICIA opens her mouth --

Flash of light.

-- the MARCHER turns to fight the demon again, and the demon generates its 
sword and brings it down in a sweeping motion.

The left arm of the MARCHER goes flying.

Inside the Powered Armor, all the blood rushes out of PATRICIA's face.

Outside, STENGOVITCH stares.

                                STENGOVITCH
                   DISBELIEVING WHISPER My God.

The Sagu lifts its sword again, to finish the job.

The katana bursts from its chest, and ignites with a green flame.  The 
Sagu convulses, and the sword is withdrawn.  It turns.

AETHAN's face is the mask of death -- skin pulled so tightly over his 
skull as to seem almost transparent.  His eyes are almost completely 
pupil, with only a faint red lining around the outside.  His fangs are 
very visible.  His left hand is clawed, and it darts up to grab the eye of 
the Sagu's head.  His right arm parries the demon's sword as he clutches 
hold of the eye -- then crushes it.  His hand goes into the skull of the 
demon.  A sword stroke forces it to its knees.  Then his left arm is in 
the demon's head up to his elbow, and his teeth clench even further.

And the demon suddenly disintegrates, leaving only ichor splattered on 
AETHAN's torn clothes.  AETHAN shudders in the sudden wind.

KASUMI steps gingerly off the porch, and approaches AETHAN from behind.

                                  KASUMI
                   Is it ... gone?

AETHAN does not turn to look at her; his voice is strange because of the 
fangs.

                                  AETHAN
                   Yeth.

                                  KASUMI
                   Are you all right?

                                  AETHAN
                   Fine.

She reaches out to touch him on the shoulder.

                                  AETHAN
                   Don't.

She does anyway.  He jerks away, allowing her to catch a glimpse of his 
fangs.  There is a long, silent moment.

                                  KASUMI
                   You're ... a vampire, aren't you?

                                  AETHAN
                   More or leth.

                                  KASUMI
                   Is it true that ... vampires, when
                   they exert themselves, need --

                                  AETHAN
                   BLUNT Doeth'nt matter.

KASUMI very slowly begins to open the top button of her dress.

                                  AETHAN
                   Thtop it.

                                  KASUMI
                   You risked your life for me.  I have
                   to --

                                  AETHAN
                   You don't *have* to do *anything*!

                                  KASUMI
                   Very well, I want to --

AETHAN turns.  There is naked desire in his eyes.

                                  AETHAN
                   You don't know what you're thaying.
                   It'th not like the thtories, it
                   *hurtth*!

                                  KASUMI
                   I know you won't hurt me.

AETHAN begins to slowly draw closer to her.

                                  AETHAN
                   I don't know if I will be able to
                   thtop ...

He is standing *extremely* close to her.  Her eyes are closed.

                                  KASUMI
                   I know you won't hurt me.

AETHAN opens his mouth, and bends down towards the exposed flesh of 
KASUMI's neck.  For a moment, nothing happens.

KASUMI's eyes jerk open.

AETHAN jolts back, his face rigid with horror and self-contempt.

                                  AETHAN
                   NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!

He convulses once, and then collapses, his face strangely peaceful.  
KASUMI looks down at him with a shaken expression on her face.

                                  KASUMI
                   Oh my. TEARS Oh ... my.

Cut to KENT, looking around a corner at the police station.

                                   KENT
                   Everything seems normal to me.  You?

NABIKI looks around the corner.

                                  NABIKI
                   I hate cliche phrases, so I won't
                   say what I think.

They duck back, rejoining TENCHI

                                   KENT
                   Too quiet.

                                  NABIKI
                   A bit.

                                   KENT
                   Right.  Okay, I'll --

There is the beeping of a portable phone.  KENT and NABIKI both check; it 
turns out to be KENT's, which makes him scowl as he turns it on.

                                   KENT
                   What.  BEAT WHAT?  BEAT Shit.

Hangs up.

                                  TENCHI
                   What --

                                   KENT
                   Attack on the dojo.  Repulsed, with
                   ... injuries. VERY QUICK Your
                   sister not among them.  I've got to
                   get back there -- but we still need
                   to find out what's going on here.
                   BEAT Can you handle it?

                                  NABIKI
                   I ... COCKY Sure.

                                   KENT
                   I was speaking to Mr. Masaki.

                                  TENCHI
                   Well ... I think so.  I --

KENT pulls off his watch.

                                   KENT
                   If there's too many of them, break
                   the face.  That'll bring everyone
                   a-running.

                                  TENCHI
                   STILL DUBIOUS Okay.  I just hope
                   that I --

                                   KENT
                   I saw you fighting Ranma last night.
                   You will.  Don't worry about that.

He runs off.  NABIKI stares at TENCHI with an acquisitive air.

                                  NABIKI
                   Sooo ... you're an alien prince, 
                   huh?

                                  TENCHI
                   Well, yes.  BEAT  I hope you don't
                   find that --

                                  NABIKI
                   In line for the throne?

                                  TENCHI
                   I ... guess so.  I don't really think
                   about it.

                                  NABIKI
                   GRINS We will talk about this more,
                   later.  Right now ...

Cut to KENT jogging down the street.  He pulls out his cell phone and taps 
out a short code, then lifts it to his ear.

                                   KENT
                   Niniane, I --

Cut to SERENA (as Sailor Moon) holding another cell phone just like 
KENT's.

                                  SERENA
                   Mr. Masefield?

                                KENT (TEL)
                   Ms. Tsukino?!  Where did you get --

Cut back to reveal that SERENA is standing on a rooftop with DARIEN (as 
Tuxedo Mask) hovering nearby.

                                  SERENA
                   I don't know what's going on!  Ms.
                   Niniane just disappeared after she
                   gave me her phone-thingy.  I ... we
                   looked away for a few seconds, and
                   she was gone.  What's --

                                KENT (TEL)
                   Dammit!

                                  SERENA
                   I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry --

                                KENT (TEL)
                   Not *you*.  *Her*.  I don't know
                   what she's trying to pull -- look,
                   drop what you're doing, and start
                   heading back to the dojo.  The
                   situation has changed.  If Niniane
                   shows up, don't *listen* to her,
                   just tell her to get back to the
                   dojo, ASAP.

                                  SERENA
                   Ummm ... one question?

                                KENT (TEL)
                   ANNOYED It means as soon as
                   possible, Ms. Tsukino.  I'll see you
                   soon.

SERENA takes the phone away from her ear.

                                  SERENA
                   We're supposed to go back to the
                   dojo.  BEAT  Muffin, you know how
                   to get back to the dojo, right?  I
                   don't remember the route we took to
                   get here --

                                  DARIEN
                   I ... oh, boy.  I wasn't really
                   paying attention either.

                                  SERENA
                   TINY You mean we're lost?

Down in the alley beside the building they stand on, RYOUGA looks around 
frantically.

                                  RYOUGA
                   Mr. Delafontaine?  Ms. Mizuno?
                   Aaaagh.  Where am I now?

NINIANE is watching them from nearby.  Her face is troubled.

                                  NINIANE
                   I don't understand ... I step away
                   from them, but someone else comes
                   to take my place ... making three
                   again.  BEAT  Is this what Kent
                   meant?  That my prophecy made him
                   feel ... helpless?

She shakes her head.

                                  NINIANE
                   No.  I know better than that.  I
                   know that the three will include
                   him, at least.  BEAT  And if
                   Jessica is here ... then that's
                   the other.  BEAT  So who is
                   the third?


Cut to KENT arriving at the doors of the dojo, where STENGOVITCH is 
waiting on the border of panic.  KENT takes a moment to stare at him, then 
sighs.

                                   KENT
                   So now you know.  BEAT  Come on.

KENT leads STENGOVITCH into the dojo grounds.  AETHAN has been moved 
inside the house, but the MARCHER armor is still laying on its back, its 
arm torn cleanly off.  They approach it.

                                   KENT
                   SOFTLY Patricia?  Are you still
                   with us?

                            PATRICIA (DISTORT)
                   TINY I can't feel my arm.

KENT looks over at where the arm would be, and sighs.

                                   KENT
                   I'm not surprised.  You should be
                   grateful.

STENGOVITCH looks at him dumbfoundedly.

                                   KENT
                   Try moving it.

Of course, nothing happens.

                            PATRICIA (DISTORT)
                   PANIC No feedback.

                                   KENT
                   QUICK That's okay!  Whatever you
                   were fighting tore open a pretty
                   huge gash in your arm -- it wouldn't
                   surprise me if the armor was pumping
                   enough painkillers into your system
                   to knock you right the hell out.

                            PATRICIA (DISTORT)
                   But it's going to be okay?

                                   KENT
                   You're gonna have a pretty bad scar,
                   there, but you should be okay.
                   Comes with the territory.  BEAT
                   But don't deactivate the armor.  You
                   need the autodoc.  I want you to set
                   this thing up to put you into sleep
                   mode until the autodoc computer says
                   you're okay.  You know how to do
                   that, right?

                            PATRICIA (DISTORT)
                   Uh ... yeah.

                                   KENT
                   Okay.  Do it now.  SEVERAL BEATS
                   Is it done?

                            PATRICIA (DISTORT)
                   TIRED Almost ...

                                   KENT
                   Good.  SEVERAL BEATS Patricia?

No answer.  KENT sighs, and turns to STENGOVITCH.

                                   KENT
                   DEAD Get the arm.

                                STENGOVITCH
                   I ... I don't understand.

                                   KENT
                   I'll explain, as we do it.  Go get
                   the arm.

STENGOVITCH runs over to where the arm fell, and carries it -- with 
difficulty -- to KENT.  KENT shows no problem in hefting the arm.  He 
calmly sets it down beside the shoulder.

                                   KENT
                   When Andrew told me what he'd done
                   ... I wanted to kill him.  Maybe I
                   should have.  BEAT  How did you
                   think that the MARCHER appeared
                   around Patricia, Stengovitch?

                                STENGOVITCH
                   Well ... I figured that the amulet
                   she wore all the time was some sort
                   of device to summon the armor from
                   subspace, or something like that.

                                   KENT
                   Subspace.  Good idea.  Don't you
                   think that if the PDF had that kind
                   of technology we'd use it for
                   something a lot less flashy than a
                   summoned suit of powered armor?
                   Backpacks that could contain every
                   device an operative could possibly
                   need?  Vehicles with different
                   interior and exterior dimensions?

                                STENGOVITCH
                   I guess ... I didn't really --

                                   KENT
                   No.  It works on a much simpler, and
                   more horrifying level. BEAT There
                   is no MARCHER Powered Armor, son.
                   What you see before you is her body.
                   BEAT  The first suit -- the *real*
                   MARCHER -- was the armor his younger
                   brother wore during that mess in
                   Afghanistan.  That was ... God,
                   almost seventeen years ago, now.
                   Longer than you've been alive.
                   BEAT  Anyway, Andrew went a little
                   crazy when that happened. He went
                   and hid out in a cave for a few
                   years.  Down there, something ...
                   crystallized, in his mind.  He made
                   several breakthroughs in biotech and
                   nanomechanics.  And naturally, the
                   first thing he thought of "building"
                   was a better MARCHER.

KENT looks down at the arm and the shoulder.

                                   KENT
                   Take a look.  You'll see what I'm
                   talking about.

STENGOVITCH looks down at the joint -- then jerks back.

                                STENGOVITCH
                   It's --!

                                   KENT
                   Don't look so shocked.  You've seen
                   the self-repair system in operation
                   before.

                                STENGOVITCH
                   But ... I mean ... that was when I
                   thought it wasn't *alive* ...

                                   KENT
                   Matter's matter, isn't it?

                                STENGOVITCH
                   I ... I don't know.  This ... this
                   doesn't feel *right*.

                                   KENT
                   NODS Every time she activates the
                   armor, a nanotechnological virus
                   rewrites her DNA to make her into
                   this.  And then speeds up the
                   growth process a few million times.
                   The burst of light is to cover the
                   growth.  If you want to be disgusted
                   sometime, watch her with anti-flare
                   goggles on.

STENGOVITCH's expression suggests that he won't be doing that anytime 
soon.

                                   KENT
                   When she orders it to deactivate,
                   a second nano-virus rewrites her to
                   her original structure.  The armor,
                   the extra muscles, the other stuff
                   ... it all becomes like dead hair or
                   skin.  And decomposes even faster.
                   BEAT  I don't know what would
                   happen, though, if she tried to
                   return to normal with her arm cut
                   off like that, though.  Probably
                   she'd grow another one.  But I don't
                   want to take the chance.

                                STENGOVITCH
                   Sir ... what you said earlier, about
                   subspace technology having more uses
                   than just making a single suit of
                   armor work ... you could say the
                   same about this kind of nano--

                                   KENT
                   Yes, probably.  BEAT  If a certain
                   arrogant telepath hadn't, when he
                   learned what the last man on earth
                   he trusted had done with it, burned
                   the details of how to create it out
                   of his friend's mind, we'd have all
                   sorts of neat gadgets, I'd imagine.

                                STENGOVITCH
                   You ... I don't ... BEAT  Okay,
                   she doesn't know what's been done to
                   her, and that's terrible, but ... is
                   it really that --

                                   KENT
                   The problem with this kind of thing
                   is that the effects are impossible
                   to completely predict.  Errors creep
                   into the programming, no matter how
                   careful you think you are.  BEAT
                   Her "armored" form has evolved,
                   since he first used the processes on
                   her when she was fourteen.  So has
                   her "normal" form.  I'll give you a
                   list of the side-effects we've
                   discovered.

KENT stares intently at STENGOVITCH, who seems to be rocked by the 
revelations.

                                STENGOVITCH
                   No ... no way.  BEAT  This is ...
                   this is terrible.  How could someone
                   do this to his niece?!  How --

                                   KENT
                   -- could someone do this to his
                   daughter?

STENGOVITCH's face goes completely pale.

                                STENGOVITCH
                   No ...

                                   KENT
                   She was born five months after her
                   "father" -- Andrew's brother -- died
                   in Afghanistan.  He'd been there for
                   about three months.  All very above
                   board.  BEAT  Except that she was
                   born three weeks premature ... and
                   Andrew was three weeks late in
                   joining the team.

                                STENGOVITCH
                   He didn't --

                                   KENT
                   No.  *That*, he didn't do.  He might
                   have, but a Belyorussian telekinetic
                   did the job for him.

                                STENGOVITCH
                   He knows, then?

KENT nods.

                                STENGOVITCH
                   And he still did it.

                                   KENT
                   He needed someone with a strong set
                   of psychic defenses.  Most people
                   have fairly weak ones.  Patricia ...
                   has one of the strongest I have ever
                   encountered.  BEAT  Not one person
                   in a billion has a wall of mind that
                   strong.  It was just lucky that one
                   of those who did was his daughter.

                                STENGOVITCH
                   How can you *let* someone like that
                   walk free -- be part of the PDF?

                                   KENT
                   Because I know exactly what he's
                   capable of.  I *know* what evil
                   lurks in his heart -- and I know I
                   can check it if I have to.  BEAT
                   No one is without sin, Katsuhito
                   Stengovitch.  No one.

His eyes seem to almost burn as he says this, and STENGOVITCH takes a step 
back.

                                STENGOVITCH
                   I thought we were the good guys.

                                   KENT
                   We are.  BEAT  Andrew's actions
                   are a stain on our record.  But to
                   throw him out wouldn't make the
                   stain go away.  BEAT  The only
                   way we can do that is to hope that
                   some good does come of this ...
                   wrong, that was done to Patricia.
                   BEAT It's almost done.

He stands.

                                   KENT
                   When Sailor Moon and her boyfriend
                   get here, explain what happened, and
                   ask them to start guarding this
                   place.  Bran's up in the Fortress,
                   right?

STENGOVITCH nods, not meeting KENT's gaze.

                                   KENT
                   Katsuhito ... don't let this make
                   you feel ashamed to be PDF.  BEAT
                   Your grandfather taught me what it
                   meant to be a hero, as much as my
                   father did.  Don't let this make you
                   ashamed of Takamura Taishi and the 
                   Kishin Corps.

Cut to inside the powered armor.  PATRICIA's face is absolutely still, 
though her eyes hang open without expression.

                            STENGOVITCH (V.O.)
                   Will you ever tell her?

                                KENT (V.O.)
                   Not until we can undo it.  Maybe not
                   then.

PATRICIA's face moves in a silent scream.

                                KENT (V.O.)
                   Who knows what knowing about this
                   would do to her?

Cut to black.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   She'd lied when she said she knew
                   how to set the autodoc.  BEAT
                   She heard everything.

Cut to a communications center, where BRAN is seated in front of a wall of 
monitors.  KENT stands behind him.

                                   KENT
                   And nobody went near it?

                                   BRAN
                   If they did, they were invisible ...
                   and they should have shown up on the
                   K-cameras even so.

                                   KENT
                   There's no way that a demon like --

He points at a video image of the Sagu.

                                   KENT
                   -- that should have been able to
                   cross the wards I set up without my
                   knowing about it.

He fumes for a moment, then snaps his fingers.

                                   KENT
                   Did we have a camera on the location
                   of any of the wards?

                                   BRAN
                   CHECKS Uh ... yes.  The one right
                   near the main entrance.

                                   KENT
                   Okay, I want a time lapse sequence
                   -- five shots every hour -- of that
                   area, filtered through a K-lens.

                                   BRAN
                   Starting as soon as we arrived?

                                   KENT
                   Right.

BRAN makes the adjustments.  The monitor in front of his head shows a shot 
of the inside of the Tendou front gates; on the ground there is a circle 
of grey light.  A clock in the lower right hand corner tells what time it 
is in the image being shown.

At around noon of the second day, the circle vanishes.

                                   KENT
                   Shit!  Check the log of entrances,
                   who came in around then?

                                   BRAN
                   According to this ... someone has a
                   really weird sense of --

                                   KENT
                   Just read it, don't editorialize.

                                   BRAN
                   Yes, *sir*.  The Goddess Belldandy,
                   the Demoness Mara, and --

                                   KENT
                   WEARY Of course.  The goddess
                   probably did something to make it
                   safe for her "friend" to enter.

KENT turns to leave.

                                   KENT
                   Okay, I'm going to go reset the
                   wards.  If either of those two
                   report back here, I want you to call
                   me *immediately*.

BRAN nods, and KENT steps out of the room, into a hallway.

He turns to see COLOGNE, standing some distance away.  For a very long 
moment.

                                   KENT
                   I ought to ask why you did nothing
                   to help when the demon attacked.

                                  COLOGNE
                   Would you believe me if I told you
                   that I recognized the being's powers
                   as being vastly superior to my own?

                                   KENT
                   I'd believe that that was probably
                   part of it.

                                  COLOGNE
                   And you'd be right.  BEAT  It is
                   always good strategy to know the 
                   capabilities of one's ... allies, 
                   is it not, Mr. Masefield?

KENT nods slowly.

                                   KENT
                   Naturally.  I'd probably have done
                   the same thing.

He turns to go.  COLOGNE in turn, turns to head in the opposite direction, 
with a satisfied expression on her face.

                                KENT (O.S.)
                   If I am ever convinced that you did
                   so because of a grudge against the
                   Tendou household, however, I ...

KENT's voice blends with the next voice, fading out slowly.

                               WOMAN (O.S.)
                   MANDARIN ... however, I will not
                   rest until the Joketsuzoku are torn
                   from this Earth.  I expect that you
                   would do the same, correct, Khu 
                   Luong?

COLOGNE whirls.  KENT is walking away at an even pace.

                                  COLOGNE
                   What did you just say?

KENT turns back to look at her, calmly.

                                   KENT
                   I think you heard me.

KENT turns a corner and is gone from sight.  COLOGNE stares at where he 
was for a moment.

                                  COLOGNE
                   Well.  BEAT  How remarkable.

Cut to outside, the path leading from the Tendou gate.  KENT stands, 
tracing something in the air.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   I couldn't make Cologne reveal whose 
                   voice she thought she'd heard.  I 
                   have my suspicions, however.

KENT steps back, then nods.

                                   KENT
                   Not the best ... but it'll have to
                   do.  BEAT Niniane has a lot to
                   answer for.

Cut to somewhere dark.  Something watches through a "ball" of light as 
KENT turns to walk towards the gate.  A breath quickens in anticipation.

Cut to just outside the Tendou gate.  KENT steps through.  He turns to his 
left and sees a tall, dark-haired young man (TAKA) being led down the 
street by a short auburn-haired girl (MIAKA).  He opens his mouth to call 
out to them.

Cut back to somewhere dark.

                            HAPPOSAI (DISTORT)
                   NOW.

A series of short shots showing *everyone* that was sent out into the city 
being suddenly and surprisingly attacked by a variety of demons.  TENCHI 
and NABIKI, for example, open the door to the police station only to find 
that everyone inside has been transformed into a zombie-like creature.  
TENCHI immediately manifests the Wings of the Light Hawk, and begins 
slaying, while NABIKI falls back out of the building.

Cut to just outside the TENDOU gate.  Something slams into KENT from 
behind, knocking his glasses off his face and sending him flying.  He hits 
the ground hard and awkwardly.  Down the street, MIAKA lets out a short 
shriek.  KENT is rolling up to face his attackers when a bolt of lightning 
crashes into him from above.  While still reeling from that, the demon 
attacking him -- which resembles nothing so much as a van with short, 
stubby arms and a pair of horns -- rolls up and starts to pound him with 
its clenched fists.

Down the street, TAKA reacts to this sight.

                                   TAKA
                   Shit!  That guy!

He assumes an aggressive stance.

                                   MIAKA
                   NO!  You still aren't up to it, TA--

Cut to KENT's point of view, just as another lightning strike slams into 
him.  His head lolls to stare at TAKA and MIAKA, at first blurry and 
indistinct figures, then (in a moment of lacerating clarity) he sees them 
as through he were only a few feet away.  Then another bolt slams into 
him.

KENT's eyes close.

Cut to black.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   And at the very last moment, just as
                   Kent's heart stopped, he realized
                   where he had seen that young man's
                   eyes before.  BEAT  In the mirror
                   reflection of his own face.

There is a long silence.

                                KENT (V.O.)
                   Oh well.

Light floods the screen, and as it clears we see the world from KENT's 
perspective.  He is moving through the air over the demon, and everything 
is utterly silent.  Over the next sequence, the only sound to be heard is 
a rapid rhythmic drumbeat ... one beat every 1.8 seconds.  His foot slams 
into the demon's backside, and shockwaves ripple out from the point of 
contact, and up his leg.  The demon roars, as KENT runs up the back of the 
demon to its "face", grabs one of the horns in either hand, then flips 
over in front of it, pulling the horns down with him.  He pivots then, 
slamming the heel of his foot (the same foot that hit the demon's back) 
into the "face".  KENT then jerks back, pulling the entire bulk of the 
demon up to a ninety degree angle with the ground -- supporting it with 
his other leg.  For exactly nine seconds, it rests there, the several 
million tiny feet of the demon flailing in the air -- and then KENT draws 
his leg back, and yanks the horns down hard, PULLING the demon's head into 
the ground.  There is an enormous impact, and the demon convulses.  KENT 
releases the grip of his right hand on the horns, then pulls it back, and 
*slams* it into the top of the demon's body.  Reddish ichor sprays as he 
does.

The demon dissolves.

Sound finally returns ... the sound of KENT breathing, heavily.  He slowly 
turns to stare at TAKA and MIAKA, who are staring right back.

                                   KENT
                   VERY QUIET Leave this place.  Get
                   out of this district.  Get out of
                   this city.  Get out of this country,
                   if you can.  But leave this place.

They start to back away.  KENT turns ... then pauses, and looks back.

                                   KENT
                   Boy.

TAKA stiffens.

                                   KENT
                   Don't *ever* ... give her cause to
                   mourn you.  BEAT  Understand?

TAKA nods, mutely.  KENT starts to walk away, noticeably limping with the 
leg with which he did both kicks.

                                   MIAKA
                   Taka?  Did you know that man?

                                   TAKA
                   No ... I don't think so.  BEAT  I
                   wonder how he knew me.

Unnoticed by them, a shaky hand reaches down to pick up KENT's glasses.

Cut to RAYE (as SAILOR MARS) performing the Mars Flame Sniper on a demon, 
which is completely incinerated.

                                   RAYE
                   RELIEVED That's the last of them,
                   I think.

SHAMPOO looks at her with an evaluatory expression.

                                   RAYE
                   SUSPICIOUS What?

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Potential.  BEAT  Short skirt not
                   help in fight with this demon, 
                   though.  Not distract.

                                   RAYE
                   Excuse me?  That is *not* why we --

AYEKA, who has switched to her battle costume, watches the encounter with 
interest.

                               TENCHI (O.S.)
                   NABIKI-SAN?!

AYEKA whips around to see TENCHI, with the sword out and ready, running 
down the street with an anxious, even frightened expression.

                                   AYEKA
                   Tenchi-sama?

                                  TENCHI
                   Ayeka-san!  Was there a fight here,
                   too?

                                   AYEKA
                   Yes, QUICK but I'm all ri--

                                  TENCHI
                   Oh god ... I don't know where she
                   got to ...

                                   AYEKA
                   Who?

                                  TENCHI
                   Tendou Nabiki-san!  She was with me,
                   and -- and ... DEEP BREATH we got
                   separated.  In the fight.  And I --

AYEKA is hovering somewhere between concern for TENCHI's mental well-being 
and irritation.

                                   AYEKA
                   SOOTHING It's all right, Tenchi ...
                   she wouldn't have volunteered to go
                   out if she didn't think she could
                   take care of herself.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   HELPFUL Actually, Mercenary Girl
                   rely on kindness of strangers.

TENCHI looks like he's about to freak out.  AYEKA directs an angry glare 
in SHAMPOO's direction.

                                   AYEKA
                   FORCED Thank you, Shan Pu.

SHAMPOO appears dumbfounded.  RAYE storms in to stand right beside her.

                                   RAYE
                   HISSED You *jerk*!  What are you
                   doing?  Can't you see he's worried
                   about her?

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Why?  He not part of her tribe.

RAYE stares at her for a very long moment, before turning away.

                                   RAYE
                   Maybe his tribe is bigger than you
                   can understand.

Cut to NABIKI, edging along a wall.  She peers around it, to see RYOUKO, 
RANMA, and MCGOVERN surveying several dozen demon corpses -- of a 
different type than the other demons.

                                   RANMA
                   DISGUSTED Five.  Who knows how
                   many attack, and I beat five.

                                  RYOUKO
                   TEASING Oh what's the matter?
                   Jealous?

                                   RANMA
                   No, I am *not* --

                                  RYOUKO
                   Worried that *everyone* from Okayama
                   is tougher than you are, instead of
                   just SINGS Tenchi?

                                   RANMA
                   IRRITATED Leave me alone.

                                 MCGOVERN
                   Excuse me ... I take it you watched
                   the sparring match between Saotome-
                   san and Masaki-san?

                                  RYOUKO
                   Why yes, I *did* watch him get his
                   rear end handed to him by --

MCGOVERN turns to look at RANMA, and lets out a sigh.

                                 MCGOVERN
                   Oh, for Pete's sake.  Look, it's one
                   lost *fake* fight among *millions*
                   of real --

                                   RANMA
                   Millions?

                                 MCGOVERN
                   I meant thousands.  I not speak good
                   Japa--

                                   RANMA
                   Thousands?

                                 MCGOVERN
                   Hundreds.  I got the terms confused,
                   is all.  Anyway --

NABIKI makes a mental note, then runs off.  She pauses as she sees KENT 
limping into an empty bath-house.  For a second, she wonders ... then 
dashes forward.

Cut to inside the bath-house.  KENT slowly pulls off his brown jacket, 
which has become covered in red ichor, and then takes a step towards the 
showers -- before collapsing, in obvious pain.  He lies still for a 
moment.

There is the sound of footsteps.  KENT looks up ... then settles back down 
again.

                                   KENT
                   Oh.  You.

NABIKI stares at him.

                                  NABIKI
                   Don't sound so thrilled. BEAT  It
                   seems that a few days ago, a demon
                   parked in the basement of the police
                   station, and started turning the
                   officers into zombies.  That's
                   probably why it took so long for
                   them to respond.

                                   KENT
                   Makes sense.  Good work.  BEAT
                   Where is Masaki-san?

                                  NABIKI
                   Dunno.  We got separated.  BEAT
                   Are you all right?

                                   KENT
                   Assorted minor injuries.

                                  NABIKI
                   Riiight.  That's why your leg looks
                   broken.

                                   KENT
                   As I said.  Assorted minor injuries.

He suddenly straightens the leg in question, producing a sharp, cracking 
noise, startling NABIKI.

                                  NABIKI
                   Okay, very cute, very macho, cut it
                   ou--

KENT moves the leg normally, though a bit stiffly.  NABIKI stares.

                                  NABIKI
                   What the *hell* are you?

                                   KENT
                   Isn't it obvious?  I'm Superman.

He rolls into a seated position for a moment, then lies back down.

                                   KENT
                   And I'm tired.

NABIKI slowly settles down to watch him.

Nearby, a slim hand reaches out to pick up the jacket, and pull it away.

Cut to the outside.  High on a rooftop overlooking the public bath, 
JESSICA stares down.

                                  JESSICA
                   Hm.  I wouldn't have expected this.
                   I figured the witness would be that
                   little twit in the armor, or the
                   mage.  Not that it matters, really.

She prepares to leap down -- as KENT walks out of the public bath, alone.  
JESSICA blinks.

                                  JESSICA
                   Now what the hell is he doing?  Even
                   for him, that's a fast recovery ...
                   and why's he leaving the witness?
                   SHAKES HEAD Who cares?  The time
                   has come ...

She leaps into the air, and floats after KENT.

Cut back to the bath house.  KENT is seated, now.

                                   KENT
                   Nabiki ... when you were at the
                   bank, did you see anyone there who
                   looked like the description I gave
                   you of Jessica?

                                  NABIKI
                   No ... of course, I probably
                   wouldn't have noticed my sisters
                   under those circumstances.  BEAT
                   Could you tell me something?

                                   KENT
                   Yes, many things.  What do you want
                   in particular?

                                  NABIKI
                   What's so fearsome about this woman?

KENT takes a long breath.

                                   KENT
                   Easy to explain, hard to understand.
                   I'm a telepath.

                                  NABIKI
                   I *thought* so.

                                   KENT
                   My half-sister is a telekinetic.
                   She also has a doctorate in human
                   physiology.  BEAT  Can you imagine
                   what someone could do to the inside
                   of your body, if they had the skill
                   of a surgeon, and didn't need to
                   touch you?

NABIKI shudders.

                                   KENT
                   Fortunately, she has -- we suspect
                   psychosomatic -- limitations on her
                   power.  She needs to touch an object
                   before she can use her power on it,
                   and she can only use her power on
                   objects she has touched within the
                   last minute. BEAT  So she'd need
                   to touch a human being before she
                   could start messing with his or her
                   internal organs, and could only do
                   so for a minute before she'd need to
                   touch him or her again.  Sadly,
                   a minute is about all she needs.

                                  NABIKI
                   Scary.  And she wants you dead?

                                   KENT
                   So she's been saying.  I don't have
                   any reason to doubt her.  BEAT If
                   she wasn't at the police station,
                   she probably followed you back, to
                   get to where I was.

They both pause, and look towards the entrance to the public baths.  There 
is a long, tense moment.

                                   KENT
                   Or not.  BEAT  Wait a minute.
                   Where the *hell* is my jacket?

Cut to KENT, standing at a corner, looking around it cautiously.  JESSICA 
glides up silently, then alights behind him.  She holds her fingers over 
his shoulder, for a moment.

                                  JESSICA
                   Tap tap.  Hello, oniisama!

KENT whirls ... and changes as he does so, revealing that it is actually 
NINIANE, wearing KENT's jacket and glasses.  JESSICA is startled.

                                  JESSICA
                   You?!  What the fuck are you doing?

                                  NINIANE
                   GIDDY Changing fate.  It's rather
                   exhilarating when you get right down
                   to it.

                                  JESSICA
                   He's still at the baths, isn't he?
                   That ... *asshole*!

She turns to head back to the baths, and a jet of flame courses past her 
ear.  She slowly turns back to stare at NINIANE, who has suddenly become 
quite serious, and is pulling off the glasses.

                                  NINIANE
                   You're not going anywhere.  *I'm*
                   going to stop you, right here.

                                  JESSICA
                   Don't be an idiot.  I've got no
                   quarrel with you, so stay the --

                                  NINIANE
                   I can't do that.  BEAT Don't you
                   understand?  I have acted, I am
                   changing the pattern ... already,
                   three went in, and very soon, the
                   other two will come out!  You can't
                   go back.

JESSICA stares at her, clearly believing her to be a lunatic.

                                  JESSICA
                   All right ... if that's how you want
                   it, I'll be glad to oblige.

And she attacks.  It is a duel of dodging, with JESSICA trying to land a 
single touch on NINIANE, who is in turn trying to send a variety of 
magical spells at JESSICA.  JESSICA is *much* faster than NINIANE, 
however, and sometimes seems to be half-toying with her.  Suddenly, she 
twists and grabs an arms-length neck-lock on NINIANE.

                                  JESSICA
                   Say hi to whatever weirdo god you
                   follow -- and if it's the big guy 
                   ... tell him from me that he sucks.

There is no outward sign as JESSICA begins to use her power to twist and 
mutilate NINIANE's organs, only the scream of pain that erupts from the 
sorceress' throat.

Cut to a hazy image of NABIKI helping KENT limp out of the baths.

NINIANE suddenly twists her right arm to jab at the midpoint of JESSICA's 
forehead.  A red mystic symbol suddenly blooms there, and NINIANE abruptly 
stops jerking in JESSICA's grip.  Clenching hold of her wrist, the 
sorceress pulls herself free, and collapses a few feet away.

                                  JESSICA
                   What.  Have.  You.  Done?!

NINIANE takes a moment to cough up some blood.

                                  NINIANE
                   WEARY, BUT HAPPY Beaten you.
                   Spell of holding.  You can't move
                   ... it's a wonder you can even
                   speak.  And Kent is out of the
                   bath now, so I beat you.

                                  JESSICA
                   Oh?  BEAT  Know.  My.  Minute.
                   Limit?

                                  NINIANE
                   What about it?

                                  JESSICA
                   It's.  *FIVE*!

And NINIANE begins to convulse and scream once more, while a murderous 
light dances in JESSICA's eyes.

                                KENT (O.S.)
                   STOP!

NINIANE stops.

                                  JESSICA
                   ALMOST LOVING Kent ...

KENT dashes forward, half-dragging NABIKI with him.  He drops to NINIANE's 
side.  She is bleeding profusely from the nostrils and mouth.

                                  NINIANE
                   Beat ...

                                   KENT
                   Hang on!  We'll get a doctor here,
                   you'll --

                                  NINIANE
                   No.  Dying.  SHUDDER  Sorry.  But
                   I changed fate, Kent.  I'm not a
                   coward.

                                   KENT
                   Niniane, now is not the time to be
                   talking about that --

NINIANE grabs his shoulder.

                                  NINIANE
                   Now is all I have!  BEAT  Too much
                   ... too much to tell you.  BEAT
                   You're going to have to face him,
                   Kent ... you're going to face him,
                   and I won't see it.

                                   KENT
                   Face ... you mean the Adversary?

NINIANE nods weakly.

                                   KENT
                   But you said it'd be suicide to
                   face -- you said no one had ever
                   battled that thing head on and --

                                  NINIANE
                   Because you always get distracted.
                   BEAT  You face one of its powerful
                   proxies ... and no matter what
                   happens, you're never in any shape
                   to fight it afterwards.  BEAT  You
                   weren't supposed to die there, in
                   the mud of Camlann ... you were born
                   for greater things.

                                   KENT
                   Niniane, stop it.  You're not making
                   sense.

NINIANE smiles up at him.

                                  NINIANE
                   First time I've tried to make sense
                   since I've awoke.  BEAT  It will
                   be okay ... you can end it, Kent.  I
                   believe in you.  BEAT  I still see
                   you as you.  I loved Emrys more than
                   I could stand, but *everyone* loved
                   you.  Even the Morrigan loved you as
                   she hated you.  I love you still.
                   BEAT; WELSH Yield not, Pendragon.

She pulls him down into full-mouthed kiss.

And explodes.  Her body converts completely into living flame -- half of 
it running into KENT through his mouth, nose, and eyes, the rest of it 
running into JESSICA's forehead -- causing her to shriek piercingly.

A moment later, it is gone.  KENT remains bent over where her body was for 
a long moment, then slowly lifts himself up.

His eyes are shining with the light of a sun.

                                   KENT
                   DREADFUL Oh my God.

Cut to black.

                                   AKANE
                   And the Defender awoke.

                              
                          To Be Continued.





------------------------------------------------------------------------


Together Again: 1996 Chapter, 04/28/98