                       An Inevitable Outcome Feature

                           Written and Directed
                           by C. Richard Davies

                              TOGETHER AGAIN

                               1996 Chapter

                           Based on the works of
                     Naoko Takeuchi, Rumiko Takahashi,
                    Kosuke Fujishima, Matsumoto Izumi,
                             Masaki Kajishima,
                    and various interpretations therof.

                               Incorporating
                        original characters created
                           by C. Richard Davies

                   Dedicated to John Biles, Fred Herriot,
                              and Larry Mann.

                                  ACT TWO


Establishing Shot:  Sunrise in Nerima.  A bird chirps.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   The next day dawned without any
                   signs of that which had happened
                   just before midnight ... no, wait.

Cut to late night Nerima, full moon.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   There were quite a few important
                   things on the second day which went
                   on before sunrise.  For example --

Cut to a street in Nerima, rather cold and sterile in the moonlight.
AYEKA walks down the street, clutching her arms to herself to hold in
heat, and looking about anxioulsy.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   -- a certain Princess of Jurai was
                   walking the streets of Tokyo, scared
                   for the first time in nearly a year.
                   <imitates AYEKA> "Bitterly did I
                   repent at that moment the foolhardy
                   plan which I had formed at home.

AYEKA pulls the X-Files tankoubon that she bought yesterday out of her
purse and glares at it.

                                   AYEKA
		   Lousy Guidelost piece of crap.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
		   <still imitating> "I acknowledged
		   that the situation was of my own
		   making, however."

                                   AYEKA
		   Somehow ... somehow I *know* that
		   this is Ryouko's fault.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
		   I think that I would have been a
		   little more upset by Ayeka's efforts
		   to rewrite her story to her own
		   satisfaction if I hadn't realized
		   that I do the same thing sometimes.

AYEKA hears a scuffling noise behind her, and begins walking again, doing
her best to show no fear.  We see her passing an alley ... and then the
GANGERS crawl out of the shadows of the alley.  They are an extremely
scruffy looking company; if this were a few decades down the road, one
would expect them to have very obvious cyberwear.  As it is, they have
tatoos, broken teeth, hair that looks like it should be on the head of a
Dragonball charcter, etc.  They head out of the alley and start following
AYEKA.  She hears them, and her face shows her concern.

                               AYEKA (V.O.)
		   If I use my powers, I can probably
		   deal very easily with whoever or
		   whatever is following me ... but it
		   *will* draw attention, and that's 
		   not what I --

AYEKA looks up and examines the buildings, being careful not to slow down.

                               AYEKA (V.O.)
		   Perhaps not.  The citizens of this
		   area are probably inured to violent
		   noises ... but --

Just then she passes another alley entrance ... and a very large ganger
jumps out in front of her.

                                 GANGER #1
		   <pleasant> Boo!

AYEKA lets out a shriek, and jumps back -- right into the grasp of another
GANGER, a thin but wiry one.  He holds her arms spread out, her feet a few
inches off the ground.

                                 GANGER #2
		   <perfect diction> Well, well, look
		   what we have here.  A nice young

		   lady, out on a stroll.

                                   AYEKA
		   <more angry than afraid> LET ME GO!

A GANGER with red circles tattooed under his eyes steps up in front of
AYEKA, and caresses her cheek with one hand and her hip with the other.

                                 GANGER #3
		   Now why would we do that when we
		   could all have such f-- OWWW!

GANGER #3 backs away from AYEKA, clutching the sensitive section of his
anatomy that she hs just kneed.  Nearby, an authoritative GANGER wearing
wire-rim glasses sighs deeply.

                                 GANGER #4
		   When will you guys learn to hold
		   their feet when you're doing this
		   routine?  Short ONe, go handle it.

A very short GANGER, who has been laughing at GANGER #3's suffering, looks
indignant.

                                 GANGER #5
		   Why do I always have to --

                                 GANGER #4
		   Short One.  *Skirt*.

GANGER #5 blinks, stares at AYEKA's sailor fuku skirt, and darts down to
grab her ankles firmly.  Then he peeks up her skirt.

                                 GANGER #5
		   Oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy!

                                   AYEKA
		   <outraged> THAT'S IT!

Her expression grows focused, and unseen by the GANGERS, tiny nexi of
force resembling small wooden logs begin to materialize around them --

-- only to suddenly vanish when GANGER #4 slaps AYEKA, disrupting her
concentration.

                                 GANGER #3
		   Why didn't you do that when she --

                                 GANGER #3
		   <harsh> Shut up.  She's not scared
		   as much as she should be ... there's
		   something wrong here.  <beat>  Maybe
		   she's one of those ... *Soldiers*.

AYEKA blinks, confused.

                                 GANGER #2
		   Hey ... you're right!  Who *else*
		   would be wandering around *our*
		   domain in a schoolgirl outfit at
		   this time of night?

                                 GANGER #4
		   And you know what that means, don't
		   you?  <beat>  Evidently not.  It
		   means that we can start selling
		   pictures of her and make a fortune
		   from the perverts who --

                               SHAMPOO (O.S.)
		   <snort> You sound like pervert
		   girl's nasty sister.

The faces of all the GANGERS fall instantly, while AYEKA looks about,
confused.

                                 GANGER #4
		   <mournful> Oh, *dung*.

The GANGERS' heads turn as one to look at a nearby rooftop.  SHAMPOO is
sitting on the edge, her legs dangling, and smiling almost coquettishly.

                                  SHAMPOO
		   <waves fingers> Hello, boys!
		   Shampoo *so* glad to see you out of
		   hospital again.  Shampoo *miss* you
		   tons and tons!

GANGER #4 looks down at GANGER #5.

                                 GANGER #4
		   It has been nice to know you.

SHAMPOO pulls out one of her bonbori from behind her back, and caresses
its head almost lovingly.

                                  SHAMPOO
		   <wistful> Shampoo wishes that her
		   husband would spar with her, but he
		   ... too busy.  <cheerful> So Shampoo
		   very glad you-all volunteer to help.

And then she leaps down, and the fight begins.  It is horribly uneven.
The GANGERS are more interested in getting the hell away from her than in
fighting with her, but she declines to let them have that option.  O
course, AYEKA gets loose during the fight, and triest to stay the heck out
of the crazy melee.  Unfortunately, one of the GANGERS gets knocked back
into her, causing her to fall to the ground, and scattering her purse.
AYEKA quickly gets back up and anxiously checks to see that the sailor
fuku is undamaged, thus not noticing the condition of her purse, nor the
small piece of paper which has landed in a muddy puddle.  A few moments
later, it's all over.  A few of the GANGERS are littered unconsciously
over the landscape, but most of them have been put to flight.  SHAMPOO
surveys the area with a disatisfied expression.  When she speaks next it
is in Mandarin.

                                  SHAMPOO
		   I didn't even break a sweat.  I've
		   *got* to find a better class of
		   thug to abuse.

She becomes aware of AYEKA suddenly, and speaks to her in Japanese.

                                  SHAMPOO
		   <perfunctory> All right?

AYEKA nods, still a bit startled.

                                  SHAMPOO
		   Fine.  Go on way.

She turns to leave.  AYEKA remembers her manners, and speaks in fluent
Mandarin.

                                   AYEKA
		   Thank you very much.

SHAMPOO freezes in place, then slowly turns to look back at AYEKA,
startled.

                                  SHAMPOO
		   <Mandarin> Excuse me?

                                   AYEKA
		   Thank you very much for helping me
		   with my problems with these --

AYEKA breaks off as SHAMPOO comes up to her slowly, and begins to examine
her face carefully.

                                   AYEKA
		   <confused> Um, is something wrong.

                                  SHAMPOO
		   <suspicious> You're not ... but you
		   aren't Japanese either.  <beat>  So
		   where did you get that sailor suit?

                                   AYEKA
		   <swallows> Um ... a friend gave it
		   to me ... so that I could blend in.
		   <beat> Is it really that obvious
		   that I'm not --

                                  SHAMPOO
		   <sad smile> Only to a fellow alien.

                                   AYEKA
		   <stunned> *You're* an *alien*?

SHAMPOO briefly rolls her eyes.

                                  SHAMPOO
		   No, no, alien is also foreigner.  We
		   are neither of us Japanese ... so we
		   are the evil aliens in their eyes.

                                   AYEKA
		   <sad> Are they truly that fearful?

SHAMPOO kicks one of the unconscious thugs.

                                  SHAMPOO
		   Ask this pillar of the community.
		   I caught him spraying graffiti on
		   the wall of our restaurant one day.
		   <tinny Japanese> "Chinese whore go
		   home no da!"

AYEKA flinches.  SHAMPOO smiles slightly.

                                  SHAMPOO
		   But words only make one stronger,
		   for they cannot kill.  <beat>  Are
		   you sure that you're all right?

                                   AYEKA
		   <smiles> Very fine, thank you.
		   Well, I must be going.  My train
		   will be coming shortly and --

She looks down at her purse and notes the fact that it has upended.  Her
face falls.

                                   AYEKA
		   Oh no!

She starts to gather up her possessions.  SHAMPOO watches curiously.
AYEKA finally comes to the piece of paper in the muddy puddle.  She stares
at hthe ruined railpass with a look of horror.

                                   AYEKA
		   <tragic> Noooooo ...

                                  SHAMPOO
		   <blinks> Something is wrong?

                                   AYEKA
		   <teary voice> Something is wrong.
		   My railpass ... without this, I
		   don't know how I can get h-- back
		   to where my friends are.

                                  SHAMPOO
		   Can't you call them and have them
		   come pick you up?


AYEKA produces a half-melted phone card from her purse.  SHAMPOO blinks.

                                  SHAMPOO
		   I didn't know it was *possible* to
 		   go that far over the limit.

                                   AYEKA
		   What am I going to do?  I -- I've
		   been wandering around for hours,
		   waiting for the damn train to show
		   up, and now ... now I don't know
	 	   what I'm going to do ...

SHAMPOO stares at her with an odd expression on her face ... which clears,
finally, just before she nods.  She taps AYEKA on her shoulder.

                                  SHAMPOO
		   You can come rest at my place, all
		   right?

                                   AYEKA
		   <blinks> But --

                                  SHAMPOO
		   Get some rest -- you look dead on
		   your feet -- and then you can use
		   our phone to call your friends.

                                   AYEKA
		   But ... I don't want to be an
		   inconvenience --

SHAMPOO waves her hand dismissively.

                                  SHAMPOO
		   No trouble!  Besides, it's the least
		   I can do for someone who speaks a
		   civilized language.

AYEKA blinks at that, then pushes herself to her feet, and bows slightly.
SHAMPOO bows back, deeper.  AYEKA returns the bow, only deeper.  SHAMPOO
returns the deep bow.  AYEKA bows once more, even deeper.

                                  SHAMPOO
		   Okay, if we keep this up we'll be
		   here all night.  Let's go.

SHAMPOO starts to walk down the street, followed closely by AYEKA, who
stares at her with a strange half-smile on her face.
   
                               AKANE (V.O.)
		   Seeing Shampoo through Ayeka's eyes
		   was ... startling.  <beat>  I will
		   *never* like her.  I don't *want*
		   to like her.  She's mean-spirited
		   and vicious, and she's tried to kill
		   me.  <beat>  But ... I guess it's
		   more honest to say that I don't
		   understand her.  Like she says, she
		   is an alien to us, just as much as
		   Ayeka is ... but Ayeka at least 
		   *tries* to make herself seem like
		   less of a strange visitor from
		   another world.  <beat>  Anyway, at
		   about the same time, in another part
		   of the city ...

Cut to AETHAN perched on the edge of the roof of a twenty-story building,
looking much like a gargoyle.  He does not move, he does not breathe.  His
eyes stare down at the ground without really seeing.

                                  AETHAN
		   Dammit.

We flash back, through a gauzy haze, to the previous evening.  AETHAN and
MINAKO are seated on a park bench together.


                                  MINAKO
                   Look, I think that I love you --

                                  AETHAN
                   I love you too, but --

He is suddenly crushed by MINAKO's wild embrace, and she kisses him with 
passion.  AETHAN's eyes are wide.  This goes on for several minutes before 
she releases him.

                                  AETHAN
                   <trying to regain composure> -- but
                   don't you think that you're moving
                   just a little too fast?  <quick>
                   Evidently not.

Cut back to AETHAN on the building, as he winces at the memory.

Cut to the flashback.  AETHAN reaches out and takes MINAKO's hand in his.
An ofuda streaks out of the  darkness and slams into AETHAN's face, right
between the eyebrows.  MINAKO stares at it, confused.  AETHAN slowly
reaches up to tear the scroll off of his face, and stands, his fangs
clearly in evidence.

                                  AETHAN
                   Do you *mind*?

RAYE is standing a few feet away.

                                   RAYE
                   Stopping you from putting the moves
                   on my friend?  Not at all, gaki.

MINAKO stands, her face very angry.

                                  MINAKO
                   Raye!  You promised that you weren't
                   going to do this sort of thing!

                                   RAYE
                   I said I wouldn't do it unless he
                   showed signs of getting out of
                   control.  He was --

                                  MINAKO
                   He was *holding* *my* *hand*.

                                   RAYE
                   Sure, first he holds your hand, then
                   he's clasping your shoulder, then
                   it's down your shirt --

                                  MINAKO
                   <shocked> RAYE!

Cut back to reality.

                                  AETHAN
		   Dammit dammit dammit.  How do I fix
		   *this*?

He shakes his head and goes back to staring at the street below.  Slowly,
a small point of light begins to descend from the night sky to the ground.
AETHAN notices this, and is visibly startled.  Wehn the small point of
light is a foot or so above the ground, it pulses brightly ... leaving
behind a young man (MICHAEL GIDEON) dressed in blue jeans and a black
t-shirt.  He is currently on his knees, gasping for breath.

                                  MICHAEL
		   Okay.  Okay.  Next time I do that,
		   I'm getting SCUBA gear beforehand.

AETHAN is *very* surprised.

                                  AETHAN
		   <whispered> Michael?

                                  MICHAEL
		   <bellows> Aethan!!!  I know that
		   you're somewhere around here?  I
		   gotta talk to you!

AETHAN turns to mist.  He rematerializes on the ground, standing behind
MICHAEL.

                                  MICHAEL
		   <bellows> It's important, man!  Very
		   big stuff!  As big as --

                                  AETHAN
		   So talk.

MICHAEL spins around, startled.

                                  MICHAEL
		   Gah!

A smile spreads slowly across AETHAN's face.

                                  AETHAN
		   Hello, Michael.  Are you well?

                                  MICHAEL
		   <points, stutters> Y-y-you, man, you
		   r-really enjoy yankin' my ch-chain,
		   don't you?

                                  AETHAN
		   <nods soberly> Indeed.  <beat> What
		   does that mean?

MICHAEL visibly gives up, and grabs AETHAN in a sudden bear hug.  AETHAN
smiles, and gently slaps MICHAEL on his back.  MICHAEL lets go and takes a
step back.

                                  MICHAEL
		   Am I well?  Well, I am ... okay.  I
		   think I finally got long-distance
		   teleportation down, since I was in
		   Liverpool before.  This is Tokyo,
		   right?

                                  AETHAN
		   Correct.  Very impressive.

                                  MICHAEL
		   Yeah, but it'll take a while before I
		   get used to it ... the Void is *very*
		   cold, man.

                                  AETHAN
		   <nod> Yes, that fits with the usual
		   description of the "Empty Places" in
		   the Hermetic Texts.  <beat>  All
		   right, what's so vital that you risk
		   your health and sanity to come find
		   me?

                                  MICHAEL
		   You're gonna say that I'm shitting
		   you, but I'm not.  Okay?  <beat>
		   Madeline told me to come find you.

AETHAN nods slowly.

                                  AETHAN
		   I see.

                                  MICHAEL
		   Really?  You bel--

                                  AETHAN
		   <shakes head> No, but since you
		   assure me that you are not, as you
		   say, "shitting me", I presume that
		   you have some way of establishing
		   your bona fides as a courier from
		   *my* guardian angel.

                                  MICHAEL
		   Yeah.  <taps head>  Take a look.

AETHAN grimaces.

                                  AETHAN
		   I *hate* telepathy.  <beat>  Very
		   well.

He pulls one of his gloves off, and slowly reaches out to press his left
hand to MICHAEL's left cheek.  MICHAEL flinches for a second at the chill
of his touch, then settles in, closing his eyes.  AETHAN closes his eyes
as well, murmuring in a Latin sounding language.

Cut to black.  Against that black appears the image of a woman with long,
dark hair and pale skin, dressed in a white toga (MADELINE).

                                 MADELINE
		   He's telling the truth.  I met with
		   him.

AETHAN pulls back, nodding.  MICHAEL opens his eyes.

                                  AETHAN
		   <sober> All right.  Convey unto me
		   the message given unto thee by my
		   aethereal patron.

MICHAEL takes a moment to revew everything, then nods shortly.

                                  MICHAEL
		   Right.  There were two main parts to 
		   it.  They're apparently interrelated
		   ... anyway, the first is a warning,
		   but not for you.  You're supposed to
		   act as another link in the chain for
		   this warning.  <breath>  "Three will
		   go in, two will come out."  I think
		   that you'll know to pass it on at an
		   appropriate moment, but she didn't
		   say so, so don't --

                                  AETHAN
		   All right.  And the other?

                                  MICHAEL
		   This is "marching orders" for you, I
		   guess.  You have to protect the misty
		   cloud, at all costs.  <beat> Does
		   that make *any* sense to you?

                                  AETHAN
		   None whatever, which makes it fairly
		   standard for commands from Madeline.
		   It's not as bad as the time I was
		   told that I had to play chess with
		   death as the scorekeeper.

                                  MICHAEL
		   So what happened?

                                  AETHAN
		   I didn't understand it until I saw
		   the face of the young man who served
		   Roosevelt his last cup of cocoa,
		   while we were playing our last game.
		   <beat> Time-delayed poison, you see.

                                  MICHAEL
		   Roosevelt?  As in, Franklin *Delano*
		   Rossevelt --

                                  AETHAN
		   Well it certainly wasn't Theodore, I
		   was in England then --

                                  MICHAEL
		   Daaaamn.

                                  AETHAN
		   In any event, Michael, I doubt that
		   you've made arrangements for a place
		   to stay.  I'd be happy to let you
		   crash at my hotel room.

                                  MICHAEL
		   That'd be great.  <yawn>  'Scuse.
		   Man, I guess I musta been runnning
		   on adrenaline.  That jump took more
		   out of me than I figured.

                                  AETHAN
 		   You'll be all right?  If necessary,
		   I can carry you; it's not uncommon
		   for the local execs to do so, after
		   a debauch.

                                  MICHAEL
		   <shakes head> I'll be fine.  Just
		   don't expect me to go jumping on
		   rooftops ...

                                  AETHAN
		   Wouldn't dream of it.  <beat>
		   Michael, did Madeline give you any
		   indication as to why she didn't give
		   me the messages directly?

                                  MICHAEL
		   <thinks> Uh ... no.  Nothing I
		   picked up on, and like you said, I
		   didn't even bother trying to read
		   her mind.  <beat> Hey, maybe *I'm*
		   this cloud you're supposed to --

                                  AETHAN
		   I don't think so, Michael.

AETHAN starts walking.  MICHAEL follows close to him.  We see them from
above.

                                  AETHAN
		   So how is your Japanese, anyway?

                                  MICHAEL
		   Well, it could be a lot better, but
		   I think I figured out a way around
		   it when I was in the Pyrenees a few
		   weeks ago.  What you might call "the
		   gift of tongues".

                                  AETHAN
		   <startled>  Seriously?

                                  MICHAEL
		   The Basque guerillas sure seemed to
		   *think* I was speaking Euskady to
		   'em.

Cut to the halls of the underground base that KENT emerged from.  NINIANE
walks purposefully down the stairs leading to the vehicle bay.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
		   But if almost everyone in Tokyo was
		   unaware of what was about to happen,
		   there was one person elsewhere in the
		   world who knew that *something* was
		   afoot.

NINIANE opens the door to the garage and marches across the concrete
floor, the clacking of her high heels blends with the sounds of manual
labor.  She approaches what looks like a firing range, where ANDREW,
STENGOVITCH, and a short, wiry man in his early forties (BRAN) are engaged
in some work on a pair of large, cyllindrical devices with glass globes on
the business end pointed at a wall of foam padding.  They are mounted on
the back of a heavy truck, with a seat placed between them.  ANDREW, who
has been tinkering with the globe on the right side of the seat, finally
nods to himself.

                                  ANDREW
		   Okay, let's see what this peashooter
		   can do.

He slides down the tube, and gestures for BRAN to take the seat.  BRAN
sits and starts to work the two joystick controls in front of the seat,
causing the right handed tube to point at the foam.  BRAN pulls a pair of
goggles over his eyes.  ANDREW looks down over the side of the truck, to
note that STENGOVITCH is staring at the foam.

                                  ANDREW
		   Goggles on, Stengy.

STENGOVITCH expresses disgust at his nickname, but puts on his goggles
anyway.  Satisfied, ANDREW pulls his goggles down from his head as well.
To the side, NINIANE passes two of her fingers before her eyes, causing
the air in front of them to darken.  ANDREW turns a key mounted into the
base of the left tube, which begins to glow and hum.

                                  ANDREW
		   You may fire when ready.

BRAN, smiling grimly, flips up a catch over the big red button on the
right joystick.  He takes a deep breath, and presses down on the button.
Immediately, the globe lights up brilliantly, and a half second later a
thin beam of green light streaks toward the foam, burning into it.  It
holds out for a short interval, before the humming of the tube begins to
become a low whine.  BRAN releases the red button, causing the hum to sink
to its original level.

                                  ANDREW
		   Time?

STENGOVITCH checks a digital pocket watch.

                                STENGOVITCH

		   Twenty seven point zero four
		   seconds.

                                  ANDREW
		   Okay, check it.

STENGOVITCH stands, peels off the goggles, and runs over to the foam wall.
He pulls a small ruler out of his overall pocket, and measures the hole
cut by the beam.

                                STENGOVITCH
		   Diameter twelve point one milli-
		   metres.

                                  ANDREW
		   Hmph.

STENGOVITCH produces a small rod from the same pocket and holds it up to
the hole.  He presses a button on the side of the rod, and a display
lights up a second later.

                                STENGOVITCH
		   All the way through.  It's reading
		   a depth of three metres, and the
		   other side is concrete.

BRAN looks at ANDREW

                                   BRAN
		   Three meters of high density foam.

ANDREW cups his chin and nods.

                                  ANDREW
		   I think ... we can get it a little
		   narrower.  I'm gonna want at least
		   six meters of penetration ...

NINIANE banishes the darkness in front of her face.

                                  NINIANE
		   Andrew.  I need to speak with you.

ANDREW looks up, annoyed.

                                  ANDREW
		   Right.  <to BRAN> Get more of that
		   foam up from the stores, and start
		   working on focusing the beam

                                   BRAN
		   On it.

ANDREW clambers down from the truck bed.  Running his hands together in a
reflexive gesture, he walks over to NINIANE.

                                  NINIANE
		   What *is* that thing?

                                  ANDREW
		   Behold, the Dragonslayer.  <beat>
		   High powered maser, with a low power
		   targeting laser along the length of
		   the beam to confuse people.  Useless
		   against any kind of metal or ceramic
		   armor ... but against organics?

                                  NINIANE
		   What in the world are we doing with
		   such a weapon?

 
                                  ANDREW
		   Reason Number One:  Making sure no
		   one else has it.  Reason Number Two:
		   Like I said, it's a Dragonslayer.

NINIANE looks at ANDREW as though she's not quire sure if he's sane or
not.  He returns her look with inscrutability. 

                                  NINIANE
		   You *aren't* seriously proposing to
		   use something like this against
		   *that*, are you?
 
                                  ANDREW
		   Bound to happen eventually.

                                  NINIANE
		   <stunned> That is a child's toy
		   against the Sleeper in the Pacific.
		   If you imagine for one second that
		   your artificery will suffice in
		   a confrontation with --

                                  ANDREW
		   <blunt> Save it.  Is this little
		   lecture what you came to talk to me
		   about?

NINIANE takes a deep breath.

                                  NINIANE
		   <calm> No.  <beat>  Something is
		   happening in Japan.  I would
		   estimate a Gamma-class situation,
		   possibly developing into a Delta
		   class unless steps are taken.  
		   <beat> I am being conservative.

ANDREW stares at her for a moment, then nods.

                                  ANDREW
		   Okay.  I'll check with the boys at
		   Fuji base, see if they report any
		   anomalies --
		   
                                  NINIANE
		   <quiet> Don't you trust my report?

                                  ANDREW
		   <quizzical> This a trick question?
	 	   <beat> Of course not.  I don't trust
		   any man, woman, or child on this
		   Earth.  The exception being Kent.
		   Anyway, we gotta get confirmation
		   from onsite for a Gamma-class
		   situation.

ANDREW heads off towards the exit, leaving NINIANE fuming.

                                  NINIANE
		   Kent trusts my judgement.

                                  ANDREW
		   News to me.

She stares at his retreating back.

                                  NINIANE
		   *McGovern* trusted my judgement.

ANDREW is at the door.  He tosses his parting shot over his shoulder.

                                  ANDREW
		   And look where that got him.

NINIANE snaps back as though slapped.  Her eyes glow momentarily, but with
an effort she holds her anger in.  Off to one side, BRAN and STENGOVITCH
are watching nervously.

                                STENGOVITCH
		   <muttered> How's it go again?  "Do
		   not meddle in the affairs of wizards
		   for --"

NINIANE does not look back.

                                  NINIANE
		   -- for they dance on the bones of
		   those foolish enough to speak of
		   them behind their backs.

She marches towards the door, her heels clicking once more.  STENGOVITCH
swallows, noisily.  BRAN stares at him, amused.

                                   BRAN
		   Oughtn't you go get the foam the
		   Chief wanted?

STENGOVITCH glowers, but finally gives in.

                                STENGOVITCH
		   Sure, Pops.

                                   BRAN
		   That's *DOCTOR* to you, *youth*!

Cut to the establishing shot of sunrise in Nerima.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
		   And so, after a rather eventful
		   night, the next day dawned.  I was
		   at the train station that morning
		   just in time to see the train that I
		   was going to ride home break down,
		   leaving me stranded in Nekomi for
		   a few hours.  Naturally, I called my 
		   family to let them know I'd be a
		   little late, and naturally, they
		   were all out of the house.  Why?
		   <grand> Tegasajutsu -- the ancient
		   art of umbrella fighting.

Cut to a pair of gi-clad youths fighting with umbrellas in a ring, inside
a large gymnasium.  Their movements are one part kendo, one part fencing,
and one part pentjak silat.  SOUUN, KENT, KASUMI, NABIKI, and RANMA are
seated in a rather large audience section.  KENT is fascinated; so is
KASUMI, but not with the match.

                                   KENT
		   <hushed> Incredible ... I'd heart
		   rumors and folktales, but I never
		   dreamed that anyone actually still
		   *practiced* tegasajutsu.

                                  KASUMI
		   Oh yes.  There are only a small
		   handful of them, but it's a very
		   useful self-defense tool, I'm told.
		   <beat> Ranma, doesn't one of your
		   friends practice tegasajutsu?

                                   RANMA
		   <grudgingly> Yeah.  Sorta ...

                                  NABIKI
		   <muttered> Now if he'll just *show*
		   so that I can win those bets ...

                                   RANMA
		   He'll never make it.  When we were
		   kids he got lost in a --

                                  NABIKI
		   Ranma, *dear*, I would love to hear
		   many stories of the halcyon days of
		   the youth of Saotome and Hibik,
		   teenage martial arts demigods, but
		   only when I'm trying to cope with
		   insomnia.  <beat>  He'll show.  I
		   told him Akane would be here.

                                   RANMA
		   In other words, you lied.

                                  NABIKI
		   No I didn't.  Do you think she'd
		   pass up something like this if she
		   were in town?  So Akane *would* be
		   here ... if she were in Nerima.

RANMA tries to find fault with that statement, and can't.  So he just
stares gloomily at the ring.  A few moments later, the exhibition match
comes to a climax -- one of the fighters swings his umbrella over his head
and brings it down towards the other in a two handed blow that the other
just barely manages to parry --

-- and a crunching sound is heard.  The umbrella of the fighter who swung
the overhand blow has snapped in two.  The fighter stares at the half that
he still clings to, and slowly sinks to his knees.  The victorious fighter
stands, and manfully represses the urge to gloat over his fallen opponent,
who is cradling the remnants of his umbrella, his lips moving in a silent
haiku on the subject of dying young.  Since the author can no more write
decent haiku than good combat scenes, you'll just have to take his word
that it's very moving.

                                   KENT
		   <musingly> Perhaps sometimes the
		   best offense is a good defense.

                                  KASUMI
		   Ara?

                                   KENT
		   Nothing, never mind.

                                   SOUUN
		   And now, Kent, we shall see the
		   skill of one of the last true
		   masters of the art -- the great
		   Shujin Tega.

>From off, there is a long, high-pitched scream.  KENT and RANMA both leap
to their feet almost instinctively, as a small OLD WOMAN comes running out
of one of the changing rooms.  She is in hysterics.  RANMA is in motion
first, heading down towhere the old woman is crouched, with KENT following
only a few moments behind.  RANMA leans down to look at the OLD WOMAN.

                                   RANMA
		   Hey, what's wrong?

The OLD WOMAN either cannot or will not answer, and babbles instead.  KENT
kneels down until he's at eye level with her.  He speaks in Korean.

                                   KENT
		   Grandmother.

The OLD WOMAN stops babbling abruptly as she hears a gentle voice and a
familiar language.

                                   KENT
		   What has happened, Grandmother?

She points a quavering hand to the door she fled out of.

                                 OLD WOMAN
		   Tega ...

KENT considers, nods, and speaks gently.

                                   KENT
		   Rest.

She swallows, and nods once.  RANMA has been watching this exchange with
mounting confusion.

                                   RANMA
		   Did she say something about Tega?

                                   KENT
		   <nods> Wait here.

                                   RANMA
		   Hey?!  Why --

                                   KENT
		   Just a h-- um, someone should stay
		   with this lady, and --

                                   RANMA
		   You know how to talk with her, I
		   don't, so --

                                 OLD WOMAN
		   <Japanese> I ... I am sorry, I did
		   not realize where I was.

KENT smiles at RANMA, briefly, before standing and heading into the
changing room.  RANMA is annoyed.

                                   RANMA
		   All I need now is --

                               RYOUGA (O.S.)
		   Saotome!  What are you doing to that
		   old woman!

                                   RANMA
		   <stares skyward> Come on, I didn't
		   even *say* it!

Cut to the inside of the changing room.  KENT moves slowly towards the
showers.  While there is a faint mist in the air, there is no sound of
running water.  KENT keeps looking from one side to the other, never
turning his head, only moving his eyes.  He is close enough to the shower
stalls now to hear the slow, steady dripping.  KENT's face is a cool mask,
not showing any emotion.  He stands before a shower stall with the curtain
closed in front of it.  Through the curtain we can see a dark mass.  KENT
lets out a deep breath, and with a single rapid motion pulls back the
curtain.

We see a single drop of red fall and splash to the floor of the shower.

We see KENT's eye blink, and hear the curtain being pulled back.

Outside the changing room, RANMA is fending off RYOUGA, while NABIKI has
come down to where they are and is trying to talk to RYOUGA.

                                  NABIKI
		   Well, Ryouga, I'm sad to tell you
		   that --

                                   RANMA
		   Why don't you just do what you do
		   best, Ryouga?

		   SHUT UP, RANMA!  <to NABIKI> Just a
		   moment, Nabiki-san, while I punish
		   him for betraying Akane-san with
		   that woman --

                                  NABIKI
		   <nonplussed> Right.  Ryouga, do you
		   listen to yourself when you say
		   stuff like that?

RYOUGA looks at the confused OLD WOMAN for a second.

                                  RYOUGA
		   <stubborn> It could happen.

RANMA looks completely disgusted with the idea.

                                  NABIKI
		   *Any*way, Ryouga, you entered this
		   tournament to demonstrate your
		   skills in tegasajutsu, but if you go
		   beating up an opponent who doesn't
		   practice that form, you won't be
		   doing anything for your reputation,
		   which isn't that great as it is.

                               NABIKI (V.O.)
		   Besides, I haven't made any side bets
		   on that sort of thing.

                                  NABIKI
		   So where's the percentage?  You can
		   kick Ranma's tail any day --

                                   RANMA
		   Like hell he can.

                                  NABIKI
		   <glares> -- but a match like this
		   comes once in a decade, if that.
		   Have you forgotten your dream?

                                  RYOUGA
		   My dream ...

We close in on RYOUGA's eye.

RYOUGA stands in the centre of a ring, naked to the waist and victorious
over an opponent (who looks like an unconscious bearded RANMA).  Still he
does not seem happy

                                  VOICES
		   Look!  There is the skilled and
		   honorable practitioner of the art of
		   fighting with an umbrella!  Isn't he
		   noble in his dedication to his art
		   to the exclusion of all else?

                                  RYOUGA
		   Oh the loneliness of victory ...

                               AKANE (O.S.)
		   Ryouga-sama ...

RYOUGA turns to look out of the ring, and sees AKANE (dressed not unlike
Talia Shire in the final moments of the original Rocky) standing alone in
the stands.

                                  RYOUGA
		   Akane-san!

The image freezes momentarily.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
		   Okay.  Well before this point, I had
		   more or less figured out that Ryouga
		   had a crush of sorts on me, which
		   explained why Ukyou had always been
		   able to manipulate him like she had.
		   It was still a shock to discover
		   just how ... obsessed he was about
		   me ... 

The image de-freezes.

                                   AKANE
		   Oh, Ryouga-sama, I never dreamed
	 	   that you could be so puissant.  I
		   forswear my silly, adolsescent
		   infatuation with Ranma in favor
		   of a healthy mature relationship
		   with you!

The first glimpse of hope appears on RYOUGA's face, only to be shattered
by the sound of many pigs oinking.

                                  RYOUGA
		   But, Akane-san ... what about Akari-
		   chan?

AKANE bows her head for a moment.  Then she lifts it up, with tears in her
eyes.

                                   AKANE
		   For your sake, Ryouga-sama, I shall
		   learn to love her too!

Hope shines on RYOUGA's face.

                                  RYOUGA
		   AKANE-SAN!

AKANE's lips move, but it is NABIKI's voice we hear.
 
                               NABIKI (V.O.)
		   RYOUGA!  Leggo of me!

RYOUGA blinks.  He is holding NABIKI tightly by the shoulders.  She is
staring up at him with genuine fright in her eyes.  RYOUGA becomes aware
that every eye in the gymnasium is on him.  He lets out a small, sick
laugh, and releases his grip on NABIKI.

                                  RYOUGA
		   Yes.  Ahem.  Yes.  <to RANMA>  Your
		   punishment can wait for another day.
		   I am going to demonstrate my skill
		   against the great Shujin Tega!

KENT has silently stepped through the door to the changing room.

                                   KENT
		   No you aren't.

RYOUGA, startled, stares blinkingly at KENT, who doesn't meet his gaze.

                                   KENT
		   Nabiki-san, please call the police.
		   <beat> And an ambulance, as well.

The OLD WOMAN begins to sob again.  NABIKI opens her mouth to say
something in reply, then nods and heads off.

                                   RANMA
		   <swallows> Is he ...

KENT nods, once.

                                  RYOUGA
		   Wha?  Who're you?  What's happened
		   to Shujin-sensei?

                                   KENT
		   He's gone.

                                  RYOUGA
		   What do you mean, gone?

KENT, who stands a fair height over RYOUGA, leans in toward him.

                                   KENT
		   <soft> He is *dead*.

RYOUGA is shocked by this.

                                  RYOUGA
		   De--

He pushes past KENT, heading for the door.

                                   KENT
		   Boy.

RYOUGA pauses, and turns back to look at KENT angrily ... and sees that
KENT isn't bothering to look at him.

                                   KENT
		   If you go in there, you will learn
		   beyond any hope of unlearning, that
		   the martial arts cannot beat all
		   adversaries.  If you go in there,
		   you will never feel safe again.

RYOUGA stares at him for a moment ... then snorts.

                                  RYOUGA
		   Yeah, right.

RYOUGA walks through the door.  KENT looks up at the confused, murmuing
crowd.

                                   KENT
		   <clear and calm> Ladies and gentle-
		   men, there has been an unfortunate
		   occurance, but it's important for
		   everyone to remain --
 
                               RYOUGA (O.S.)
		   EEEEEEEYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!

                                   KENT
		   -- calm.

Cut to a strange, surreal place.  RYOUKO stares directly at our point of
view, her face set in a strange smile.

                                  RYOUKO
		   <sultry> Well, well ... this is very
		   interesting.  You've made my life a
		   living hell, and now I find out the
		   reason.  <beat>  You.  Want.  Me.

RYOUKO's lips keep moving, but the voice is different.

                               SHAMPOO (V.O.)
		   To make breakfast?

Cut to AYEKA, blinking.  She stares up at SHAMPOO, dressed now in her
waitress outfit.

                                   AYEKA
		   Oh.  Uh ... my goodness.  What time
		   is it?

                                  SHAMPOO
		   A little after nine in the morning.
		   We haven't opened yet, but we will
		   soon so --

AYEKA takes a look around at the futon and the room that she's in.  It
contains a number of photos of SHAMPOO with RANMA (okay, a number of
photos of SHAMPOO glomping onto RANMA, with him looking as though he'd
rather be anywhere else), a few trophies, and not a lot else.

                                   AYEKA
		   Oh dear -- did I put you out of your
		   bed last night?

                                  SHAMPOO
		   <dismissive> Nah, I just took a
		   shower and curled up in the corner.
		   No big deal.  <joking>  You woke me
		   up a few times with your groaning,
		   though.

AYEKA's face goes very pale.

                                   AYEKA
		   <small> I did?

                                  SHAMPOO
		   <joking> Hot dream about your lover?

                                   AYEKA
		   <shocked> NO!  Not at *all*!  It's
		   nothing like that --

                                  SHAMPOO
		   <amused> Okay, okay, I'll take your
		   word for it.  <beat>  Breakfast,
		   then?

                                   AYEKA
		   Thank you very much.

SHAMPOO smiles, and heads out of the room.  AYEKA collapses in nervous
exhaustion as soon as the door closes.

                                   AYEKA
		   Why ... why would *I* be having
		   dreams about that withered, evil,
		   foul, wicked, ugly, stupid, violent
		   *alien* --

AYEKA falls silent.

Cut to the interior of the Nekohanten's dining area, a little while later.
AYEKA is finishing off a bowl of rice while SHAMPOO cleans tables.

                                   AYEKA
		   I honestly can't thank you enough
		   for this.

                                  SHAMPOO
		   And I honestly can't keep saying
		   "It's no big deal" much more.  It
		   *is* sort of my fault that your
		   pass got destroyed last night ...
		   and I know what it's like to be
		   alone in a country where nobody
		   understands you.

SHAMPOO heads back behind the counter, picks up the phone, and sets it in
front of AYEKA.  She produces a phone card from within her blouse, and
hands it to AYEKA.

                                  SHAMPOO
		   Well?

                                   AYEKA
		   But what if what happened to my
		   other card happens this time, too?

                                  SHAMPOO
		   <waves hand> Don't be silly, that
		   couldn't happen more than once.

AYEKA stares nervously at the card, then swipes it through the card reader
attached to the pone.

Cut to WASHUU's laboratory.  WASHUU is asleep at her console.  The screen
shows a diagram of a hemispherical dome covering the area of the Masaki
shrine and vicinity, with lots of notes indicating the dome's resilience
against various forces.  A sudden buzzing noise awakens WASHUU.  She
stares blearily at the screen as it changes to display TENCHI on the
phone.

                             TENCHI (MONITOR)
		   Ayeka-san, for God's sake, what are
		   you doing in Tokyo?  <beat> No, I'm
		   *not* angry, I'm ... let's not go
		   into that.  But --

WASHUU's face goes through several stages of panic, before hardening.  She
reaches out to press a certain button on the console.

                               MIHOSHI (O.S)
		   Ano ... Washuu-chan?

WASHUU flinches, and slowly turns to look over her shoulder at MIHOSHI,
who is standing nearby.  Her hands are folded in front of her as she looks
earnestly at WASHUU.

                                  WASHUU
		   Mihoshi?  How did you get in here?

                                  MIHOSHI
		   <blink> Um, I used the main entrance,
		   just like anyone else --

                                  WASHUU
		   No you didn't.

                                  MIHOSHI
		   <nods> Yes I did.

                                  WASHUU
		   No you *didn't*.

                                  MIHOSHI
		   <nods> Yes, I really really did.

                                  WASHUU
		   <crazed> NO, YOU DIDN'T!  I closed
		   the only entrance to my lab
		   yesterday, and there is no way in
		   the universe you could *possibly*
		   have gotten in here --

                                  MIHOSHI
		   <confused> Why did you do something
		   like that?

WASHUU stops in mid-rant.  She takes a long, shuddering breath.

                                  WASHUU
		   <*very* controlled> I'm doing a very
		   dangerous experiment, MIhoshi.  You
		   are very lucky that I'm taking a
		   break, or you might have had your
		   molecules scattered over a hundred
		   thousand alternate universes.

                                  MIHOSHI
		   <awed> That would hurt.  <beat>  So
		   you're watching home movies on your
		   break?

                                  WASHUU
		   <blinks> Um, yes.  Yes I am.

She taps a button on the console, dropping the sound coming from the
monitor -- on which we now see TENCHI still on the phone, with SASAMI
clamoring to use it. 

                                  MIHOSHI
		   This is really good camera work.

MIHOSHI sits down, and watches, entranced by the imagery.  WASHUU stares
at her, looks at the button, stares at MIHOSHI again.  Her face is
chagrined.

                                  MIHOSHI
		   <smiling> I remember watching home
		   movies with my parents back home.
		   Oh the scrapes I got into when I
		   was a youth ...

                                  WASHUU
		   <weak> Started early, huh?

                                  MIHOSHI
		   I think family is the most important
		   thing in the world.  Don't you think
		   so, Washuu-chan?

                                  WASHUU
		   <swallows> Yes, it's a very important
		   thing.  There's nothing that I
		   wouldn't do to protect my daughter,
		   Mihoshi.  Nothing.

WASHUU is holding a hand behind her back.  An energy bolt begins to form
in that hand.  MIHOSHI blinks.

                                  MIHOSHI
		   Oh!  I didn't just mean that.  I
		   meant ... well, what I mean is ...
		   what I'm trying to say --

                                  WASHUU
		   <teeth clenched> Mihoshi, please get
		   to the point.

                                  MIHOSHI
		   <deep breath> Well, what I'm trying
		   to say is that I like to think of
		   you and Tenchi and Sasami-chan and
		   all the rest as part of my family
		   too.

WASHUU's face freezes.

                                  MIHOSHI
		   So ... please don't shut yourself
	  	   off from us like that?  You should
		   have seen how upset Tenchi was when
		   he came looking for you and couldn't
		   get in ...

                                  WASHUU
		   <very quiet> Really.

                                  MIHOSHI
		   If the experiments are really that
		   dangerous, you should post warnings,
		   but it's really important for us to
		   be able to get to you if you need
		   help, Washuu-chan!

WASHUU steals a look over her shoulder.  TENCHI nods a few times, and
hangs up.  WASHUU winces at the imagined noise, and turnst back to look at
MIHOSHI.

                                  WASHUU
		   <quiet>  Mihoshi ... you're quite
		   right.  I'll post those warnings
		   immediately.  <beat>  Was there
		   anything else?

MIHOSHI gives it some thought, then shakes her head enthusiastically.

                                  MIHOSHI
		   Well, I guess I'd better go see if
		   anything's changed.  <beat> I really
		   hope that Ayeka-san is okay ...
		   <beat> Washuu-chan, do you have any
		   way of --

                                  WASHUU
		   <shakes head> I'm very sorry, but
		   all my resources are tied up in this
		   experiment, Mihoshi.  I ... I hope
		   that she's all right, too.

MIHOSHI nods, and scampers off.  WASHUU watches her go, almost rising out
of the seat as she turns out of sight ... then settling down.  She turns
to stare at the monitor, which shows TENCHI speaking (silently) with
RYOUKO.  She watches them with a tired, desperate expression for a moment,
and then closes her eyes.

And then WASHUU starts to scream.

Cut to the exterior of Ucchan's, in Nerima.  It is a little before noon.
RANMA approaches the entrance, looking tired and upset.  He takes the
handle of the door in hand, breathes deeply for a moment, and then slides
open the door.

RANMA walks into the dusty interior of Ucchan's.

                                   RANMA
		   Okay, Ukyou, whaddaya wanna talk ...
		   to ... me ... about ...

He trails off, staring at UKYOU, who is seated at one of the tables in the
dining area, facing away from him.  She doesn't look up as she nurses a
quiet bowl of sake.  UKYOU is dressed in a yellow blouse and a light blue
skirt.  She does *not* have her distinctive hair ribbon.  After a moment,
she rises, and slowly turns to look at RANMA.  Her eyes have dark circles
under them.

                                   UKYOU
		   <slow, measured> Hello, Ranma.

                                   RANMA
		   Uh.  Er.  <swallow>  Um, how's it
 		   been going ... Ukyou?

                                   UKYOU
		   ... Fairly well, thank you.  <beat>
		   I've been out of town for a while.
		   I just got back this week.

                                   RANMA
		   Oh?  I ... well, I mean, I noticed
		   that you weren't working out of
		   here, anymore, but ... you didn't
		   tell me what was going on, so ...

                                   UKYOU
		   <nod> I know.  That's one of my
		   problems, I think ... I'm not as
		   direct as you are, Ran-- <beat>
		   Ranma ... I try to be too subtle.
		   <beat> Just like when we were kids.
		   I never told you that I was a girl.
		   I thought you knew ... so I didn't
		   have to tell you.  I should have
		   though.  I should have told you ...
		   but ...

RANMA takes a step closer to UKYOU.

                                   RANMA
		   So ... what happened?  Over this
		   last year, I mean --

                                   UKYOU
		   Since I tried to murder Akane, you
		   mean?

RANMA takes a step *back* from UKYOU.

                                   RANMA
		   I didn't say that.

                                   UKYOU
		   It's true enough.  I honestly wanted
		   to kill her rather than let her
		   marry you.  <beat>  Before I would
		   have let that happen, I owuld have
		   killed her, you, the Tendous, your
		   father, your *mother* ... and I
		   would have laughed as I did.  I'd
		   laugh and laugh and --

UKYOU suddenly draws in a long, shuddering breath and slumps down in her
seat, covering her face.  RANMA stares at her, appalled ... until he sees
her shoulder quivering.  Then he starts towards her.

                                   RANMA
		   <soft> Ucchan ...

UKYOU lifts her head up.  Her eyes are bright with tears.

                                   UKYOU
		   Don't.  Not yet.  Not until you know
		   why --
 
                                   RANMA
		   Ucchan ... it's okay, it was probably
		   all Shampoo's idea, right?  You just
		   went along with it to make sure that
		   things didn't get too out of --

UKYOU shakes her head.

                                   UKYOU
		   No.  <beat>  Ranch--  Ranma, this is
		   what happened.  <beat>  Do you
		   remember how, a little more than a
		   year ago, I got sick?

                                   RANMA
		   Uh, yeah!  Of course I do.  I was
		   really ... um, concerned.  But, so
		   was everyone ...

                                   UKYOU
		   <dry> Right.  <beat>  Well, after a
		   while, it seemed as though I had
		   gotten better ... but I hadn't.  I
		   was still very sick for a few months
		   after I got better ... but it only
		   showed up in the way that I acted.

                                   RANMA
		   You mean --

                                   UKYOU
		   <not listening> It was like watching
		   myself through a haze, Ranma ...I
		   saw what I was doing, but it wasn't
		   *real* to me.  <beat>  Afterwards,
		   when we all ran home, Konatsu tried
		   to talk to me about something -- I
		   don't remember what, but ... I tried
		   to take his head off with my spat
		   when he did.

                                   RANMA
		   Ucchan!

                                   UKYOU
		   Konatsu is very very fast, did you
		   know that?  <beat>  I woke up ...
		   in the hospital that he'd managed
		   to find.  <beat>  The cure took six
		   months, and it almost killed me when
		   it took effect and I realized what 
		   I'd done.  <trembling>  I was a
		   murderer, Ranma --

                                   RANMA
		   No!  Dammit, nobody really got hurt!

                                   UKYOU
		   But if you *intend* to do something
		   then --

                                   RANMA
		   Then nothing!  Actions matter, not
		   thoughts!  Hell, I've *wanted* to
		   tear Ryouga's head off more times
		   than I can count, but I *don't*.

                                   UKYOU
		   I *tried*.

                                   RANMA
		   You didn't *suceed*.  <deep breath>
		   You were sick, Ucchan!  Do you think
		   I'm gonna go hating you 'cause you
		   were sick?

UKYOU slowly turns to gaze at RANMA, something akin to hope being born in
her eyes.

                                   UKYOU
		   You mean that you *forgive* me?

                                   RANMA
		   Hell, yes!  Ucchan, you're my best
		   friend in this whole crazy world!
		   I'm just upset that you didn't try
		   and talk to me sooner!  Am I *that*
		   intimidating?

UKYOU lets out a long, shuddering breath ...

                                   UKYOU
		   Ranchan ...

And quite suddenly she flings herself at him, glomping onto him (thusly
scaring the heck out of him) and resting her chin on his shoulder.

                                   UKYOU
		   Yes ... you *are that imtimidating
		   Whenever I see you, I see the little
		   boy who always managed to defeat me
		   every day as I defended my father's
		   okonomiyaki cart --

                                   RANMA
		   <strangled> Ucchan?

                                   UKYOU
		   Yes, Ranchan?

                                   RANMA
		   I can't breathe.

UKYOU releases her tight grip on RANMA, stepping back as she does so.  She
smiles winsomely.

                                   UKYOU
		   I'm sorry, Ranchan, it's just ...
		   if you've missed me, I've missed you
		   just as much.

RANMA nods, getting his breath back.

                                   RANMA
		   Well, yeah.  Course you did.  <beat>
		   Lemme tell ya, there've been times
		   when I could really have used
		   someone to talk to.

UKYOU heads behind the grill.

                                   UKYOU
		   Tell me about them.  I want to know
		   all about your year.

RANMA takes his usual seat.

                                   RANMA
		   Well ... after the fiasco, my dad
		   and Mr. Tendou finally fell out.
		   "Otousan" blamed oyaji for most of
		   the damage to the dojo, and insisted
		   that he pay up somehow.

UKYOU has begun to cook the first okonomiyaki.

                                   UKYOU
		   And since your father has never paid
		   his way in his life --

                                   RANMA
		   He ran.  But not fast enough to get
		   away from my mom.  Anyway, she and
		   Mr. Tendou came up with a way to
		   make some money off of dad.

                                   UKYOU
		   Make him teach lessons at the dojo?

She tosses him the okonomiyaki, which has a partial heart drawn on it.
RANMA doesn't notice.

                                   RANMA
		   <snort> Yeah, right.  The world
		   needs more people with the neko-ken.
		   <beat> No, they sold him to the
		   Tokyo Zoo with instructions to only
		   bathe him in cold water.

RANMA starts to eat the okonomiyaki.  UKYOU pauses in her preparation of
the second to look up, startled.

                                   UKYOU
		   Seriously?  <grinning>  You *sold*
		   your father to pay for his crimes?

                                   RANMA
		   Well, it wasn't *me*, it was --

UKYOU begins to laugh, a laughter which is located somewhere between
healthy amusement and maniacal hysteria, tending more toward the former
than the latter.  RANMA pauses to stare at her a bit anxiously.

                                   UKYOU
		   <regaining composure> I'm sorry, but
		   ... that's so much *better* than
		   anything that I ever planned for
		   him, Ranchan.

                                   RANMA
		   Um ... thanks, I think.  Like I
		   said, it wasn't really my idea, but
		   ... <beat> Anyway, even that wasn't
		   enough to fix all the damages to
		   the dojo.  Mr. Tendou finally came
		   to the conclusion that he needed
		   students -- regular ones, not drop-
		   ins like Ryouga and the rest of
		   them.  *This* is where I came in.
		   I spent most of last winter goin' 
		   around and giving public demos of 
		   musabetsu kakutou.  It was kinda
		   fun.  I learned a few new tricks.
		   So now we've got a couple classes
		   running all the time, and we're
		   doing okay.

                                   UKYOU
		   I'm glad to hear that the Tendous
		   weren't too hurt by what happened.
		   But ... Ranchan, shouldn't you have
		   started university last year?

She tosses him the second okonomiyaki, with the first kanji of his name
written on it.  He chows down.

                                   RANMA
		   <shrugs> Yeah, but I ain't had any
		   time ... and let's face it, what am
		   I gonna do at university anyway?
		   Yeah, having a piece of paper would
		   probably help the rep of the school,
		   but ... maybe later.  I'm too damn
		   busy now.  <beat>  One good thing
		   about university, though.
		
                                   UKYOU
		   What's that?

                                   RANMA
		   Me and Akane get along *great* now
		   that we never see each other.

UKYOU pauses in her preparation of the third, fourth, and fifth
okonomiyaki to look up, startled.

                                   UKYOU
		   You mean she went off without you?

                                   RANMA
		   <sourly> Yeah.  She's taking classes
		   at some college in Nekomi.  She's
		   supposed to be coming home later
		   today, and it'll be the first time
		   I've seen her in --

                                   UKYOU
		   <hopeful> Looking forward to it?

                                   RANMA
		   <reflexive> Why would I look forward
		   to seeing that uncute, bad tempered,
		   suspicious tomboy?!

RANMA bends down and starts taking large, savage bites out of his
okonomiyaki.  UKYOU stares up at the ceiling with a beatific look on her
face and whispers (as though *screaming*) "Thank you".  She reverts to
normal before RANMA looks up.

                                   RANMA
		   Still, I'm hoping that it'll be ...
		   well, as calm as it *can* be.  With
		   the day being like it's been so far,
		   I don't need any more hassles from
		   her.

UKYOU sends the three finished okonomiyaki across to RANMA.

                                   UKYOU
		   What happened?

                                   RANMA
		   <sigh> Hear about the tegasajutsu
		   competition?

                                   UKYOU
		   Yeah, but ... <beat> Oh, Ranchan,
		   you didn't try and fight Ryouga with
		   his own style, did you?

                                   RANMA
		   Nah.  <beat> Well, not yet.  No,
		   what happened was there was a murder
		   at the gym while the tournament was
		   just getting started.

                                   UKYOU
		   <shocked> Murder?  Someone *died*?

                                   RANMA
		   Yeah.  Ryouga didn't seem to be
		   handling it very well, either.

Cut to RYOUGA in a dimly lit chamber.

                                  RYOUGA
		   <panicked> Look, I swear that I know
		   nothing about it!  I was nowhere
		   near the place ... no, I don't have
		   an alibi ... but I swear!  I'd swear
		   on my mother's grave ... if I knew
		   where it was, or that she was dead,
		   but ... I mean, I've *threatened*
		   to hurt people badly, but I would
		   never, ever do anything that awful
		   to another human being ... I-I-I-I
		   wouldn't even know where to start,
		   and --

The two POLICE investigators who have been listening take a moment to
converse behind their hands.

                                 POLICE #1
		   <soft> What'd we ask him again?

                                 POLICE #2
		   <soft> I *think* it was something
		   about the condition of the body
		   when he saw it.  Are you sure that
		   we don't have anything on this
		   guy?

                                 POLICE #1
		   Apparently, there was a file, but
		   it kept getting lost or misplaced.

We pull back from the windowed door to the interrogation room, leaving
RYOUGA still babbling, and move sideways to another windowed door, through
which we can see KENT seated, his arms crossed over his chest and his face
set in a frown.  INSPECTOR ZENIGATA (*not* Interpol's Zenigata, but a
distant relative) is seated across the table from KENT, and engaged in a
staring contest with him.  Neither man moves.  Finally, ZENIGATA swallows
visibly.  KENT still doesn't blink.

                                 ZENIGATA
		   You probably don't remember me, do
		   you ... Mr. Masefield.  <beat>  I
		   was only a junior clerk when you
		   last visited Nerima.  <beat>  I
		   still remember how my superiors
		   complained every time you were
		   present at the scene of one of those
		   crimes, but always produced enough
		   evidence to demonstrate someone else
		   was the guilty party.  <beat>  You
		   drove some of my superiors to drink.

                                   KENT
		   I discovered the body under the
		   circumstances which I have already
		   described.  If you intend to arrest
		   me, please do so.

                                 ZENIGATA
		   What, and deny you the chance to
		   solve the case, thus demonstrating
		   the idiocy of the police once more?

                                   KENT
		   I'm on vacation.  I don't feel
		   obligated.

ZENIGATA stares at him with a very cold expression, and then stands.

                                 ZENIGATA
		   Very well.  You will, of course, be
		   required to remain in this district
		   for the duration of our inquiry.

                                   KENT
		   I will remain in this district for
		   the duration of my vacation and not
		   one moment longer.

                                 ZENIGATA
		   It is *very* unwise to insult the
		   police in such a manner, Mr. --

KENT stands.  He looms over the Inspector.

                                   KENT
		   It would be *unbelievably* unwise
		   for you to harass that old woman
		   simply because she is of Korean 
		   descent.

ZENIGATA blinks, very startled.

                                   KENT
		   You blind, bigoted, petty idiot.
		   You truly have no idea what you're
		   dealing with, do you?  You're so far
		   out of your league that it's not
		   even funny.  <beat>  I could kill
		   you right now in any of a thousand
		   ways, and the only question that 
		   *my* superiors would ask would be
		   why did I consent to be interrogated
		   in the first place.  But you're not
		   worth my time.  Good day.

KENT walks around ZENIGATA, opens the door, and steps out without saying
another word.

ZENIGATA blinks.  He is seated at the table, but KENT is gone from the
other side.  ZENIGATA turns to stare at the dark mirror on the wall of the
interrogation room.

                                 ZENIGATA
		   What just happened?

A VOICE comes from above, through an intercom.

                                   VOICE
		   <confused> You spent a few moments
		   staring at one another ... and then
		   he got up and left, while you kept
		   right on staring.

Cut to the hallway.  KENT walks down to the waiting area, where SOUUN is
seated.  SOUUN quickly stands.

                                   KENT
		   <distracted> Thank you for waiting,
		   Sensei.

                                   SOUUN
		   Of course.  Were you able to assist
		   the police.

                                   KENT
		   Well, with personnel if nothing else
		   ... um, yes.

Suddenly, the sounds of a squabble break out down the hallway.  KENT and
SOUUN look to see RYOUGA being physically ejected from the interrogation
room.

                                  RYOUGA
		   But ... but ...

                                 POLICE #1
		   Just *leave*, damn you!  WE get the
		   message, you know *nothing* about
		   this case.  LEAVE!

They finally get him out the door, and shut it behind him.  RYOUGA stares,
not fully comprehending.

                                  RYOUGA
		   Am I under arrest?

                                   KENT
		   This ... person is one of Ranma's
		   friends?

                                   SOUUN
		   In a manner of speaking.  He wants
		   to kill him over a loaf of bread.

                                   KENT
		   I see -- WHAT?  <beat>  No, never
		   mind.  Sensei, I have to go and do
		   some things in town ... I will be
		   back by supper.  In any case, I'd
		   be deeply indebted if you'd take
		   him back to the dojo with you.

                                   SOUUN
		   Certainly ... but why?

                                   KENT
		   A hunch.

KENT bows and heads off, lost in thought.  SOUUN goes over to get RYOUGA.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
		   Kent's display of his psychic powers
		   did not, as he believed it might,
		   lead to Inspector Zenigata's removal
		   from the police force.  <beat>  I
		   used to wonder at times if the
		   secrecy that psychics, magic users,
		   and some martial artists almost
		   obsess over is really intended to
		   protect them, of if it's designed to
		   provide thme with something to laugh
		   about as they walk among the
		   "mundanes".  Certainly many of them
		   don't seem to take it as seriously
		   as they ought to ... for example: 

Cut to a pair of ornate, closed doors.  Beside them is a chalk sign which
reads:

                            KASUGA FAMILY REUNION
                        Members of the Kasuga Family
                                    ONLY
                                  May Enter
                           Unless You have Godlike
                                ESPer Powers
                       In Which Case We Can't Stop You
                                 Now Can We?

Cut to insides a large dining room with a raised stage and a podium.
Several elderly people are seated at the head table.  KASUGA-OJIISAN is
speaking.

                                  OJIISAN
		   -- and so, by the simple virtue of
		   having outlived all my aunts and
		   uncles, I am to be considered the
		   head of the family.  It is a silly
		   and irresponsible way to choose a
		   leader, and I have enjoyed the
		   heck out of it.

We see the many branches of the Kasuga family of psychics -- focusing for
several moments on KYOUSUKE, MANAMI, and KURUMI (neither of whom have
changed very much).  There are four chairs around the table.

                                  OJIISAN
		   And so, in the spirit of silliness
		   and irresponsibility, let us toast.
		   <suddenly serious> To those who are
		   not silly, who are responsible; who
		   come into our lives, taking the
		   burden of our secret as their own.
		   To those who are no longer with us.

KYOUSUKE looks sadly at the unset place at his family's table.  OJIISAN
notices.

                                  OJIISAN
		   And to those whom we hope will soon
		   be able to join us.  To the other
		   part of our family.  Kampai.

The toast is made.  We close in on KYOUSUKE's left eyeball ...

... and pull out of MADOKA's left eyeball.  She and several other people,
all in fancy dress, are seated in a waiting room.  Beside her is seated a
light haired young man (SHIKEN) who is obviously very put out by the
situation.  He is talking, but MADOKA is not paying any attention to him.

                                  SHIKEN
		   -- don't you agree?  <beat>  Ma'am?

                                  MADOKA
		   <blink> Excuse me?

                                  SHIKEN
		   Don't you agree that it's ridiculous
		   that we should be forced to wait out
		   here while the family members are
		   doing some ... family bonding thing?

                                  MADOKA
		   Not really.

                                  SHIKEN
		   But ... have you been through this
		   before, then?

                                  MADOKA
		   Yes.  Once.

                                  SHIKEN
		   Then do you have any idea what goes
		   on?

MADOKA stares at him for a moment, then nods soberly.  She looks around to
make sure no one is listening, then bends close to SHIKEN's ear.

                                  MADOKA
		   I think it involves cannibalism.

SHIKEN clearly believes her completely, and is shocked.

                                  SHIKEN
		   Why ... why that's *horrible*.
		   <beat> Well.  When I marry Akane --

MADOKA is visibly startled.

                                  SHIKEN
		   -- I'll make it quite clear that
		   that sort of thing is unacceptible,
		   and --

                                  MADOKA
		   Excuse me.  You're ... engaged to
		   marry Kasuga Akane-san?

                                  SHIKEN
		   Yes.  Do you know her?

                                  MADOKA
		   I thought I ... er, yes, I do.  I
		   haven't seen her in years, though.

                                  SHIKEN
		   <introductory> Koyama Shiken.

                                  MADOKA
		   Ayukawa Madoka.

                                  SHIKEN
		   <thinks> Ayukawa ... I think I've
		   heard that name somewhere before
		   now ...

The doors to the dining room open up, and a young woman in a waiter's
uniform gestures for all those waiting to enter.  SHIKEN stands, with a
frightened yet eager expression on his face.  MADOKA watches him go,
shakes his head, and stands herself.

                                  MADOKA
		   <muttered> Who'd have thought?

Cut to a hotel room.  There is the sound of a shower running.  MICHAEL is
curled up in bed, sleeping peacefully, when the phone rings.  The phone
moves telekinetically to his ear.  MICHAEL never even opens his eyes.

                                  MICHAEL
		   <half asleep> Yo?

                               MINAKO (TEL)
		   Uh ... I think I have the wrong
		   number, sorry.

                                  MICHAEL
		   'Sawright.

The phone hangs up.  A minute later, it rings again.  MICHAEL's eyes blink
open, and he grabs the floating phone.

                                  MICHAEL
		   <bark> Hello?

                               MINAKO (TEL)
		   Is ... there an Aethan DeGales
		   there?

MICHAEL closes his eyes.

                              MICHAEL (V.O.)
		   Aethan, phone for you.  Some girl.

The sounds of the shower stop.

                                  MICHAEL
		   Just a minute.

AETHAN comes out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around his waist.
His skin seems to be very pink, instead of its usual pallor.  MICHALE
holds out the phone to him, and then curls up again.

                                  AETHAN
		   Minako?

                               MINAKO (TEL)
		   Um ... hi.

	                          AETHAN
		   Hello.

                               MINAKO (TEL)
		   Are you still angry at me?

	                          AETHAN
		   I never was angry at *you*.

                               MINAKO (TEL)
		   Really?  <quick> Yeah, yeah, yeah,
		   you wouldn't say something like that 
		   if it wasn't true.  <beat>  So ... 
		   do you wanna do something today?

	                          AETHAN
		   I would very much enjoy going out
		   with you today.  Where did you have
		   in mind?

                               MINAKO (TEL)
		   Well, there's this shopping mall in
	 	   Nerima that just opened up.  I've
		   wanted to see it for a while now,
		   and --

	                          AETHAN
		   That sounds good, Minako.  Shall I
		   meet you at your place?

                               MINAKO (TEL)
		   Yeah!  Um, when will you be here?

	                          AETHAN
		   An hour, no more.  I'll see you
		   then.

                               MINAKO (TEL)
		   Seeya!

AETHAN hangs up the phone, plucks the reciever out of MICHAEL's
telekinetic grip, and sets it down.  MICHAEL doesn't look up.

                                  MICHAEL
		   Awfully young, isn't she?

	                          AETHAN
		   By my age, the difference between
		   your years and hers are neglible.

                                  MICHAEL
		   I thought you prefered older women.

AETHAN heads into the bathroom.

	                          AETHAN
		   She has a very old soul.

MICHAEL reacts as though stabbed.

                                  MICHAEL
		   No ... you didn't just use *that*
		   old chestnut, did you?

                               AETHAN (O.S.)
		   *Verrry* old soul.

MICHAEL pounds his head against the pillow.

Cut to NINIANE, seated in a large, dimly lit reading room, immersed in a
thick tome entitled "De Vermis Mysteriis".

                               AKANE (V.O.)
		   Meanwhile, another old soul was
		   waiting impatiently.  In a way,
		   Niniane puzzles me more than any 
		   of the others.  She *should* have
		   known, just as much as Washuu and
		   Tsunami did, what was happening,
		   but it wasn't until she was as up
		   to her neck in it as the rest of
		   us that she did.

ANDREW steps into the reading room.  NINIANE doesn't look up.

                                  ANDREW
		   I finally managed to get in touch
		   with Fuji Base.  Around midnight,
		   Japanese time, something happened
		   there.

                                  NINIANE
		   Really.

She delicately blows on her left thumb and pointer finger, then uses those
digits to turn the page of the tome.

                                  ANDREW
		   They're not sure *what* it was, but
		   it knocked out all their commo gear,
		   as well as setting the construction
		   for Fuji-2 back --

                                  NINIANE
		   <bored> Is that the aerial battle
		   fortress made out of tin foil or
		   the one made out of balsa?

                                  ANDREW
		   Okay, go ahead, laugh.  Meanwhile,
		   Kunikida's getting permission from
		   the Japanese government for us to
		   come in and investigate.  I presue
		   that you want in. 

NINIANE looks up.

                                  NINIANE
		   Correct.

                                  ANDREW
		   Fine, we launch in an hour.  Be
		   ready by then.

ANDREW turns to go.

                                  NINIANE
		   I'll take an apology now.

ANDREW looks back.

                                  ANDREW
		   For what?

                                  NINIANE
		   For doubting my veracity.

                                  ANDREW
		   <blinks> Which part of "We need to
		   get on-site confirmation," do you
		   not understand.

NINIANE stands.

                                  NINIANE
		   If *Kent had said that there was a
		   Gamma-class situation --

                                  ANDREW
		   He's on-site, technically.

                                  NINIANE
		   -- in *Brazil*, you would have been
		   damn the archers, charge!

                                  ANDREW
		   <considers> Yeah, probably.

                                  NINIANE
		   And you see nothing wrong with this?

                                  ANDREW
		   No.  He's *Kent*.  You're *not*.

ANDREW turns and marches away, while NINIANE glares daggers at his back.
When he closes the door behind him, NINIANE angrily throws her tome at the
floor.

Cut to a shot of a different, equally heavily book dropping to hit the
floor.  MINAKO bends down to pick it up.

                                  MINAKO
		   Drat.

She sets it back on the shelf, and hurries away to where AETHAN is
examining the Japanese edition of "Vampire:  The Masquerade" (Kyuketsuki:
Masukaraido) with bemused interest.  MINAKO peers over his shoulder.

                                  MINAKO
		   See any friends?

                                  AETHAN
		   <snort> No indeed.  The original
		   publisher of this gave me a turn a
 		   few years back when they come up 
		   with something that *was* based
		   But this is almost all nonsense,
		   and what they get right is ...
		   well, to be charitable, they get
		   a few things that we've let slip
		   into the public domain.

                                  MINAKO
		   Like the tanning booth thing?

                                  AETHAN
		   Like the tanning booth thing.
		   <casual> You *do* realize that we 
		   are being followed.

MINAKO doesn't look up.

                                  MINAKO
		   We are?  Dammit!  I knew I shouldn't
		   have told Amy about this.

A few metres away, AMY, SERENA, LITA, and RAYE are peering at AETHAN and
MINAKO from around the corners of the bookshelves.

                                    AMY
		   <sigh> I wish she hadn't told me
		   about this ...

                                   RAYE
		   You did the right thing, telling the
		   rest of us, though.

                                   LITA
		   Yeah.  Now we can make sure that no
		   overzealous religious fanatics mess
		   with their date.

RAYE and LITA share an extremely unfriendly look.

                                  SERENA
		   Not to mention scoping them out in
		   the process.  Ooh, what a hunk.

                                   RAYE
		   Se-REE-na!

                                  SERENA
		   <serious> Raye, why can't you just
		   be happy for Mina like the rest of
		   us?

                                   RAYE
		   Because I don't *trust* that guy!
		   He's gonna break her heart, if he
		   doesn't actually *hurt* her in a
		   physical sense, and I wouldn't be 
		   surprised if he did.

                                    AMY
		   Raye, by all accounts, Aethan is
		   a decent entitly.  I don't think
		   this is a terribly rational way of
		   dealing with any *potential*
		   problem that he might pose to her.

                                   RAYE
		   I'm not a terribly rational person.

                                    AMY
		   <cool> I'd noticed.

                                   LITA
		   Hey, where'd they go?

They all peer around the corner.  AETHAN and MINAKO have escaped.

                                   RAYE
		   Argh!  Now we're going to have to
		   search though this whole damn
		   mall again --

                                   LITA
		   Assuming they didn't decide to go
		   elsewhere.

RAYE starts grinding her teeth.

                                   RAYE
		   Okay.  I think we ought to split up.
		   We can cover more ground that way.

                                   LITA
		   Uh-uh, Raye.  No way am I gonna let
		   you go off on your lonesome so that
		   you can mess up their date.  <beat>
		   Serena, what do you think?

                                  SERENA
		   Ummmm ... well ... Raye, do you
		   promise that you won't try and break
		   them up?

                                   RAYE
		   If I see him slavering over her --

SERENA points out the wrist communicator they're all wearing.

                                   RAYE
		   <grudgingly> -- I'll call all of you
		   before I do anything.

                                  SERENA
		   Okay, then there's no problem, right
		   Lita?

                                   LITA
		   <slow> Right ...

They split up.

Cut to the parking lot of the shopping mall.  The Masaki family van pulls
into a parking space.  MIHOSHI hops out of the driver's seat, while TENCHI
climbs out of the passenger side.  RYOUKO and SASAMI exit from the rear of
the vehicle.

                                  TENCHI
		   Okay, I think this is the mall where
		   Ayeka said that she'd meet us.

                                  RYOUKO
		   Pretty big place.

                                  TENCHI
		   Yeah ...

                                  RYOUKO
		   Maybe we should split up to look for
		   her?

                                  TENCHI
		   <suspicious> Ryouko, you wouldn't be
		   planning to do something to Ayeka if
		   you found her?

                                  RYOUKO
		   Does that sound like the sort of
		   thing I'd do?

                                  TENCHI
		   Yes.

                                  SASAMI
		   Ryouko-neechan ...

                                  RYOUKO
		   Okay, okay, I *promise* that I won't
		   try anything with Ayeka ...

                                  TENCHI
		   All right.  Whether we find her or
	  	   not, we all meet back here in an
		   hour, all right?

A quick group nod, and they head into the shopping mall.

Cut to an entrance on the far side of the building from where TENCHI and
company have entered.  AYEKA and SHAMPOO approach.

                                   AYEKA
		   Once more, thank you very much.  If
		   ever you are in the Okayama region, 
		   please feel free to visit the Masaki 
		   shrine.

                                  SHAMPOO
		   <nods> I may take you up on that.
		   From what you say, it sounds like a
		   good place to train.

They bow politely, and AYEKA heads into the shopping mall.  SHAMPOO gazes
up at the sun.

                                  SHAMPOO
		   About two in the afternoon.  The
		   umbrella fighting competition should
		   be about over.  <beat>  Time to go
		   remind my husband that I still
		   exist ...

She walks off, passing KENT MASEFIELD, who seems to be deep in thought as
he enters the shopping mall.

Cut to a pet shop in the shopping mall.  SERENA is gazing at a bunny.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
		   I actually think that what happened
		   at this point may be one of the most
		   significant events in history.

                              SASAMI (O.S.)
		   Excuse me, oneesan?

SERENA turns blinkingly to look at SASAMI, who is dressed in a "normal"
outfit for a girl of her age.  SERENA crouches down to be at eye level
with her.

                                  SERENA
		   Yes?

                                  SASAMI
		   I'm looking for my big sister.  Have
		   you seen a pretty lady with dark
		   hair and red-brown eyes?

                                  SERENA
		   Hmmm.  Except for the eyes, she
		   sounds like my friend Raye ... but
		   no, I haven't seen anyone like
		   that.

SASAMI looks very frustrated.

                                  SASAMI
		   She said she'd be here, and I don't 
		   know where to start looking for her,
		   and --

                                  SERENA
		   Wait a minute, are you searching
		   all by yourself?

                                  SASAMI
		   Well, yes ...

                                  SERENA
		   Oh, geez, that's not safe!  Well,
		   it's probably not as bad as going
		   around in Juuban by yourself, but
		   ... I've heard very strange rumors
		   about this neighborhood.  <beat>
		   Listen, why don't I take you over
		   to the security desk, and we can
		   have them page her?

                                  SASAMI
		   Gee, thanks!

SERENA extends a hand to SASAMI, who takes it.  They walk off together,
not realizing that they're walking *away* from the security desk, which is
located right next to the pet shop.

Cut to the lingerie section of a clothing store.  RAYE walks through it
alertly, but she is also acutely conscious of all the frilly undergarments
around her.  She finally pauses to examine a bustier, running a finger
along the lace.  Her eyes slowly close ...

                              RYOUKO (O.S.)
		   Are you going to pick that up or
		   not?  'Cause if you're not, I'd like
		   to try it on.

RAYE's eyes snap open.  She is quite embarassed, and naturally gets rather
angry.  She spins around to yell at the person who has so upset her ...
and her mouth hangs open.

RYOUKO, carrying a small pile of lingerie under her arm, stares 
irritatedly at RAYE.

                                  RYOUKO
		   What?

RAYE closes her mouth slowly, and starts to back away.

                                   RAYE
		   <shakes head> Noooothing.

She turns and heads off quickly.  RYOUKO stares, then shrugs.

                                  RYOUKO
		   Weirdo.

RAYE finally stops in an isolated corner of the store, and flips up the
lid of her wrist communicator, and presses all four buttons on it.

Cut to LITA, wandering down the concourse of the mall.  Her wrist
commnunicator beeps, and she flips up the lid.

                             RAYE (DISTORTED)
		   I haven't found Mina, but I think 
		   I've found something *really* bad!

LITA is looking down at her watch, and doesn't see TENCHI walking past
her.

Cut to AMY, who is sitting at a table in a restaurant with MINAKO and
AETHAN.

                                   AMY
		   -- was a bit shocked, but ... well,
		   I think my cousin has been dating a 
		   vampyre as well.

                                  AETHAN
		   Truly?

                                   AMY
		   <nod> She keeps dropping little
		   hints, and --

AMY's wrist communicator begins to beep.  AMY opens it up.

                             RAYE (DISTORTED)
		   Amy, come quickly, I --

                                   AMY
		   I've found Mina, by the way.

                             RAYE (DISTORTED)
		   Good, bring her!  We'll need her!
		   Get to the Penmart, quick!

MINAKO blinks.

                                  MINAKO
		   It's nice to be needed, I guess.
		   <beat> Aethan, I --

AETHAN nods.

                                  AETHAN
		   Go on.  If you need me, I will be
		   there in a twinkling.

AMY and MINAKO stand, and head off.

                                  MINAKO
		   It's a good thing that you're
		   wearing your communicator, Amy,
		   because --

Cut to MINAKO's bedroom.  ARTEMIS leaps up onto the dressing table and
sees the beeping communicator.

                                  ARTEMIS
		   AAGH!  She forgot it again!

Cut to RAYE's location.  She is staring intently at the wrist
communicator.  Only the yellow and white lights are still blinking.

                                   RAYE
		   Come *on*, Serena, where *are* you?

Cut to SERENA and SASAMI having ice cream cones while seated on a bench.

                                  SASAMI
		   Uh ... Serena-neechan, your watch is
		   beeping.

                               SERENA (V.O.)
		   Hmmm ... it's probably just Raye
		   calling to let us know that she's
		   found Mina.  Well, the others can
		   probably keep them from killing each
		   other, but if I go off, who'll look
		   after Sasami-chan?  So, I guess I'd
		   better be responsible and stay here.

                                  SERENA
		   It's just an alarm to remind me that
		   ... um, my lunch break at my school
		   is almost over.  Yeah.  Nothing
		   important.

Cut to RAYE still staring at the communicator with an irritated
expression.

                                   RAYE
		   ... irresponsible little ... OOOH!

She stabs the white button, and shuts the communicator's cover.

Cut back to SERENA.

                                  SERENA
		   See?  Just stopped.

                                  SASAMI
		   Oh.  <beat> Anyway, I think I'd like
		   to have a little brother like you
		   do, Serena-neechan.

                                  SERENA
		   <shakes her head> No way ... they're
		   *way* too big a pain in the neck.
		   I wanted a little sister --

Cut to RAYE standing at the entrance to the clothing store, as AMY, LITA,
and MINAKO come a-running.

                                   LITA
		   Where's Serena?

                                   RAYE
		   <impatient> She didn't answer her
		   beeper, we'll just have to deal with
		   this on our own.  <beat>  There's a
		   demon in this store.  It's walking
		   around buying lingerie.

Dead silence greets RAYE's pronouncement.

                                  MINAKO
		   Raye, are you feeling well?

                                   RAYE
		   YES!  Dammit, I sensed vast amounts
		   of malevolent power coming from this 
		   "person".

                                  MINAKO
		   But you also sense malevolent power
		   from Aethan.

                                   RAYE
		   Your point being?

The others sigh, and bow their heads.

                                   RAYE
		   Look, better to be safe than sorry!
		   Do we *really* want a repeat of what 
		   happened in a certain park three 
		   years ago?

MINAKO jerks as though she has been slapped.

                                  MINAKO
		   Okay.  Okay, Raye ... we'll go in,
		   see what's happening ...

                                   RAYE
		   Right!

                                  MINAKO
		   ... and if you're wrong, you'll
		   apologize to Aethan.

RAYE's eyes bulge.

                                   RAYE
		   WHAT?

                                  MINAKO
		   If you're wrong about this, then you
		   could be wrong about him, couldn't
		   you?  <beat>  If you don't agree, we 
		   don't go in. You're *not* in charge 
		   here.

Her face is stern and set.  RAYE closes her eyes, and takes a deep breath.

                                   RAYE
		   ... iagree.

                                  MINAKO
		   <blink> Seriously?

RAYE nods shortly.
		   
                                  MINAKO
		   Wow.  You're easier to bluff out
		   than I thought!  <beat> Let's head
		   for the bathrooms ... I think it's
		   time to reapply some ... makeup.

MINAKO runs into the store.  RAYE has a pole-axed expression on her face.
AMY and LITA share a look.

                                   LITA
		   Think she'll learn from this?

                                    AMY
		   She rarely does ...

They start after MINAKO, with RAYE following closely behind a few moments
later.

Cut to a hot ramen stand.  AETHAN sits on the bench in front of it.

                                  AETHAN
		   One bowl, please.

Seated beside him is KENT, busily consuming a dish of noodles.  Neither
looks at the other.  They speak in English.

                                   KENT
		   Aethan.

                                  AETHAN
		   Kent.

There is a long silence as AETHAN's bowl of soup is delivered and paid
for.  He holds it in his hands.

                                  AETHAN
		   I heard about Bartholomew.  You have
		   my condolences.

                                   KENT
		   Thank you.  <beat>  I heard about
		   the Shadowfall.  Your people did
		   good work.

                                  AETHAN
		   Yes they did.  It didn't save them,
		   but they did the job.  <beat>  What
		   do you want of me, Kent?

                                   KENT
		   Something is wrong in this city.
		   There was a murder this morning
		   which no living human could have
		   committed.  Do you know anything?

                                  AETHAN
		   Nothing about this.  <beat> However,
		   I was instructed to deliver a
		   warning to someone when I felt it
		   was time to do so.  I believe that
		   now is the time.  <beat>  "Three
		   will go in, two will come out."

KENT turns to look at him.

                                   KENT
		   Did you recieve this from your
		   "mysterious patron"?

                                  AETHAN
		   <nods> Indeed.  <beat>  Anything
		   else?

                                   KENT
		   I am alone.  <beat>  If it comes to 
		   a fight, will you help?

AETHAN gazes down into his bowl.

                                  AETHAN
		   Ever since the Shadows fell ...
		   ever since Celestine died a mortal
		   ... I have felt very strange.  I
		   finally remembered, recently, when
		   I last felt this way. <looks up>
		   'Twas on the eve of Hastings. <beat>
		   I feel as though an age is ending,
		   Kent.  Our age.  And I wonder who
		   shall take up the torch in our
		   failing hands.  <beat>  Yes.  When
		   you call for me, I shall come.
		   <odd smile> And possibly not alone.
		   Not all the Shadows fell, and ... I
		   travel in odd company these days.

                                   KENT
		   I don't doubt. <rises> I cannot say
		   how much of a warning I can give
		   you, but I shall try to give as much
		   as I can.  <beat> Aren't you going
		   to eat that?

                                  AETHAN
		   Eh?  <beat> Oh, this.  No.  It's to
		   warm my hands.  The young lady I am
		   with commented on how cold my touch
		   can be.  So ...

KENT nods and turns to go.

                                  AETHAN
		   Kent.  <beat>  Have you felt as I
		   have said?  That Yeats' great rough 
		   beast had begun to slouch its way 
		   towards Jerusalem to be born?

KENT is silent and still for a long moment.

                                   KENT
		   No.  <beat>  The only great beast I 
		   know of still sleeps, and hopefully 
		   shall for some time to come. <beat>
		   Stay sharp, Aethan.

He walks off, alone.

Cut to RYOUKO, carrying a somewhat larger pile of lingerie and whistling 
as she walks casually towards the check-out counter.

                               RAYE (O.S.)
		   Hold it right there!

RYOUKO halts, and slowly turns towards the sound of the voice.  Sailor
Mars, Sailor Mercury, Sailor Jupiter, and Sailor Venus are all standing on
various objects that lift them a level above her head.  RYOUKO blinks.

                                  RYOUKO
		   <muttered> You have *got* to be
		   kidding me.

                                   RAYE
		   I don't know how you were able to
		   trick all the other people here, but
		   I can see past your cute act to the
		   vicious demon within!

                                  RYOUKO
		   <muttered> Candid Camera ... got to
		   be ...

                                   RAYE
		   And in the names of planets Mars --

                                  MINAKO
		   -- Venus --

                                   AMY
		   -- Mercury --

                                   LITA
		   -- and Jupiter, we will right wrongs
		   and --

RYOUKO starts to edge away.

                                  RYOUKO
		   <muttered> Or maybe this is all just
		   some weird dream, like the one I had
		   about me and --

RAYE notices.

                                   RAYE
		   I SAID HOLD IT!  MARS FIRE IGNITE!

A jet of flame leaps out towards RYOUKO, who is knocked back into a rack
of dresses by the force of the fire.  She is unhurt, but the underwear is
burnt badly.  She holds up a halter-top brassiere, and watches it slowly
disintegrate into ashes.  

RYOUKO is pissed.

                                  RYOUKO
		   <hissed> All right, little girls.
		   You wanna play?  We'll play.

RYOUKO manifests her sword with a sweeping gesture and leaps into the air,
diving towards RAYE.  MINAKO notes the sword, and nods.  She presses her
fists together in a horizontal bar.

                                  MINAKO
		   VENUS LOVELY BLADE!

She pulls the fists apart, and a bright yellow blade materializes in the
space between.  MINAKO is leaping even as she does so, and manages to
parry RYOUKO's slashing strike towards RAYE.

                                   RAYE
		   Told you so ...

MINAKO has RYOUKO's blade locked, but RYOUKO is slowly forcing the two
blades down towards RAYE ... thus leaving her back wide open.

                                   LITA
		   JUPITER ...

                                    AMY
		   SHINEY ...

                                   LITA
		   THUNDERCLAP ...

                                    AMY
		   AQUA ...

                                   LITA
		   ZAP!

                                    AMY
		   ILLUSION!

The two attacks combine, increasing their combined power exponentially,
and slam into RYOUKO's back.  RYOUKO lets out a hollow scream, and her
sword dematerializes as she falls to the ground, her eyes closed.

                                   LITA
		   <sigh> Well, that wasn't as hard as
		   I --

RYOUKO's eyes blink open, and she shoots back up into the air again,
hovering in clear sight of all four of the Sailors and glowing blue.

                                  RYOUKO
		   <scary> THAT.  HURT.

She swivels around and directs an energy blast in AMY's direction, which
AMY just barely dodges and which carves out a two foot diameter hole in
the wall behind her.

                                  RYOUKO
		   Please permit me to return the 
		   favor!

Cut to the entrance.  We see people fleeing the store in panic as the
sounds of the fight can be heard in the distance.  TENCHI approaches and
looks up in shock.

                             FLEEING BYSTANDER
		   Run!  Run!  It's the Sailor Senshi
		   fighting some demon!  Run!

                                  TENCHI
		   <resigned> Ryouko ...


Cut to the bench where SASAMI and SERENA are licking at their ice cream
cones.

                                  SASAMI
		   No, really, Serena-neechan, I think
		   you'd make a great big sister!  I
		   don't understand why your little
		   brother is such a pain when he has
		   you for an example!

SERENA is blushing immensely.

                                  SERENA
		   Aw, stop it!  You're embarassing --

Just then the crowd of people running from the fight in the clothing store
surge past them.

                             FLEEING BYSTANDER
		   Run!  Run!  It's the Sailor Senshi
		   fighting some demon!  Run!

SERENA and SASAMI are both stricken.

                               SERENA (V.O.)
		   Oh no!  The Scouts need me!  But --

                                  SASAMI
                   <quick> Serena-neechan!  I saw my
		   oneesan running past!

                                  SERENA
		   Really!  Well then --

SASAMI gets up and starts heading after the crowd.

                                  SASAMI
		   I'd better hurry up and catch her!
		   Thanks for the ice cream, Serena-
		   neechan!

                                  SERENA
		   Bye!

SERENA dashes off in the direction that the crowd was fleeing from.

Cut to another part of the mall.  AYEKA walks down the hallway, looking
for a familiar face.  She hears a distant rumble, and jumps to the side
just as the crowd of FRIGHTENED BYSTANDERS dash past.

                             FLEEING BYSTANDER
		   Run!  Run!  It's the Sailor Soldiers
		   fighting some demon!  Run!

AYEKA closes her eyes, sighs, and nods.

                                  AYEKA
		   Of course.  <beat>  What in the
		   world are Sailor Soldiers?

                              SASAMI (O.S.)
		   ONEESAN!

SASAMI runs up to her sister, and they share a tight embrace.  SASAMI is
crying, a little.

                                  AYEKA
		   I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry ...

There is a sudden bawling from the sidelines, and AYEKA and SASAMI both
turn to see MIHOSHI sobbing her eyes out.

                                 MIHOSHI
		   I'm sorry, Ayeka-san, I'm *so* sorry
		   that you had to come all the way to
		   Tokyo to get that stuff so that
		   Sasami could make haggis and ... oh,
		   this is all too dramatic!

SASAMI, who knows what haggis is, reacts with nausea.

                                  AYEKA
		   <quick> Yes, well, let's go and see
		   what we can do for Ryouko's newest
		   victims.

Cut to the exit of the shopping mall.  KENT exits, looking very
distracted.  Immediately after he wanders out of sight, the crowd bursts
out the door, still panicing.

Cut to the battlefield inside the shopping center.  RYOUKO is dancing
rings around Mars, Jupiter, and Venus, while Mercury has stepped back to
try and analyze the situation.  RYOUKO keeps sending stray energy bolts
her way to throw her off-balance.  Of course, the fire, lightning, laser
bolts, and coruscating bolts of radiant energy have not been kind to the
store's decor.  LITA suddenly manages to get in close enough to grab
RYOUKO in a headlock and immobilise one of her arms.  RYOUKO shoots up
towards the ceiling, but LITA keeps on holding on.

                                  RYOUKO
		   All right, you living spark plug ...
		   let's see you take a little of your
		   own medicine!

RYOUKO charges her aura with electrical energy.  LITA lets out a hollow
scream, but somehow manages to keep her muscles clenched around RYOUKO's
throat.

                                   LITA
		   MMMMMMAAAAARRRRRRRSSSSSS!

RAYE swallows, and then grows very still.

                                   RAYE
		   Mars.

Her left hand glows with her symbol and a red light.

                                   RAYE
		   Flame.

The light pulses, forming a bow of fire and an arrow, already set in
place.  She pulls back on an invisible string.

RYOUKO stares down at RAYE even as she continues to electrocute LITA.
Their eyes meet.

And RYOUKO sees death in RAYE's eyes.

                                   RAYE
		   SNI--

RYOUKO suddenly teleports, leaving LITA in midair.  RAYE banishes her
attack, while MINA rushes forward to catch LITA before she hits the
ground.  LITA is groggy and her uniform is smoking, but she's otherwise
all right.  RAYE breathes a sigh of relief ... and then feels a breath on
her neck.

RYOUKO is standing immediately behind her, with her energy sword out and
blazing.

                                  RYOUKO
		   <soft> All right.  No more foreplay.

She hefts her sword high, and swings it downward at RAYE and --

A hurled ice cream cone knocks her off balance.  RAYE blinks.

                              SERENA (O.S.)
		   How dare you destroy this excellent
		   shop of fine clothing and menace my
		   friends at the same time?

RYOUKO gazes at SERENA, now transformed to Sailor Moon, and standing a
little ways away, flanked by MINA and AMY.  LITA is weakly bringing up the
rear.  The ice cream is quickly melting on RYOUKO's head.

                                  SERENA
		   Even if the manager forgives you, I
		   won't!  I am the pretty sailor-
		   suited soldier of love and justice,
		   Sailor Moon!  In the name of the
	 	   moon ... YOU'RE GONNA GET IT!

RYOUKO blinks.  She lets out a long sigh, and covers her eyes with one of
her hands.

                                  RYOUKO
		   <muffled> Look, why don't we just
		   call it a draw?

SERENA blinks repeatedly.

                                  SERENA
		   Um ... what?

                                  RYOUKO
		   Look ... even *I* can only take so
		   much inanity in one day ... let's
		   just pretend this whole embarrassing
		   incident never happened, and I'll go
		   my way and let you go yours --

                              TENCHI (O.S.)
		   That's a very mature attitude to
		   take, Ryouko.

                                  RYOUKO
		   Oh, damn ...

TENCHI steps around the remains of one of the store's shoe stands, looking
very annoyed.

                                  TENCHI
		   It's a shame it didn't occur to you
		   *while* you were destroying this
		   store ...

                                  RYOUKO
		   Um!  Tenchi!  Uh ... well, you see,
		   it was like this ... I was looking
		   for you-know-who and I thought I
		   might find her here among all these
		   girly clothes and then these ...
		   people just *attacked* me without
		   *any* provocation and without giving
		   me a chance to explain or --

                                  TENCHI
		   <sarcasm> Gee, where've I heard
		   *that* before?

RAYE has stealthily made her way back to the other Sailors.

                                   RAYE
		   No reason?  You call you being a
		   demon no reason?

                                  RYOUKO
		   A demon?  Me?  That's absurd! <beat>
		   I'm just a simple, honest space
		   pirate.

                                  TENCHI
		   <shocked> Ryouko!

                                  RYOUKO
		   Right, sorry, *retired* space --

AYEKA, SASAMI, and MIHOSHI arrive suddenly.  AYEKA looks at the battle
damage with a cynical, "I-knew-it", air ... then sees and is seen by RAYE.
They stare at each other.  AYEKA closes her eyes and re-opens them.  She
stares at RAYE confusedly.

>From AYEKA's perspective, we see an image of RAYE in her normal clothes
(what she was wearing before she transformed) superimpose itself over RAYE
in her uniform.

                                  AYEKA
		   Raye-san?

RAYE blinks, VERY startled.

                                   RAYE
		   Um ... who?  I --

SASAMI looks in equal confusion at SERENA.

                                  SASAMI
		   Serena-neechan?  Why are you wearing
		   that swimsuit when there's no pool
		   in this mall?

                                  SERENA
		   <blink> Sasami-chan ... you can
		   recognize me?


                                  SASAMI
		   Well, yes!  Of course!  <beat>  Why
		   shouldn't I?

AMY has been quietly working with her computer since TENCHI arrived ...
and she looks up now.

                                   AMY
		   Sailor Moon ... none of these people
		   are human beings.

There is a long silence as that sinks in.

                                 SERENA
		   <nervous> You know, this truce idea
		   sounds ... really, really nice.

Cut to WASHUU's laboratory.  WASHUU is slumped, staring at a diagram that
looks a bit like the schematics that SKULD was examining earlier.  Her
eyes are even more bloodshot then before.  There is a rustling noise
behind her, and WASHUU lets out a sigh.

                                  WASHUU
		   Come to gloat, Tsunami?

MADELINE's face is cool.

                                 MADELINE
		   Wrong.

WASHUU wearily looks over her shoulder, and flinches.

                                  WASHUU
		   Awwww ... not one of you guys ...
		   not today ...

                                 MADELINE
		   I take it from your perusal of these
		   patterns that you failed in your
		   efforts to keep your daughter and
		   her friends out of the growing
		   maelstrom?

                                  WASHUU
		   Yep.  <beat> They're doomed, aren't
		   they.

                                 MADELINE
		   Perhaps not.  <beat>  Know, Washuu, 
		   that we have been preparing for this 
		   exact moment for nearly a millenium.
		   *If* our pawn succeeds, those near
		   to him *should* be protected.  Lend
		   their strength to him ...

                                  WASHUU
		   <interrupt> How do I know that I can
		   trust you?

                                 MADELINE
		   You are fully aware, Washuu, that it 
		   is impossible for us to lie.

                                  WASHUU
		   I am *also* fully aware that what is
		   about to transpire is impossible for
		   you to fully calculate and predict.
		   How can you be *sure* that my child
		   will survive this Gathering intact?

                                 MADELINE
  		   You of all entities should be aware
		   that no one *ever* emerges from the
		   Gathering "intact".  But think,
		   Washuu, think.  Is there any place
		   safer to be during the Gathering 
		   than at the side of the Defender?

                                  WASHUU
		   Go back a few million years and say
		   that to my mother.

MADELINE blinks, non-plussed.

                                  WASHUU
		   Oh, I'll do it, all right.  I s'pose
		   you've been honing your weapons for
		   so long that the slightest touch on
		   your part would make them useless?

                                 MADELINE
		   Correct.  <beat>  Well, then?

WASHUU casually taps a key on her keyboard.

Cut to the parking lot of the shopping mall where the Masaki van is
parked.  All four tires suddenly blow out.

Cut to the base.  ANDREW, who has changed out of his overalls into a set
of beige combat fatigues, is walking down the hallway at a fast pace.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   In Nekomi, the train had finally 
		   been fixed, and I had started my way
		   home.  Everywhere, it seems, things 
		   were beginning to speed up.  

There is a flash of light beside ANDREW, startling him.  A tall, lanky man
with short cropped blond hair and green eyes (ALISTAIR MCGOVERN) is
standing beside him, wearing a long black trenchcoat and a fedora.  He
starts walking immediately.

                                 MCGOVERN
		   Don't stop.

ANDREW hurries to catch up with him.

                                  ANDREW
		   McGovern?!  But --

                                 MCGOVERN
                   It's nice to see you again, too.

                                  ANDREW
		   But we all thought you were dead!

                                 MCGOVERN
                   <startled> Really?  <beat>  Wow.  It
		   worked better than I thought, then.
		   You were supposed to.  You had to
		   find your way into this Gathering
		   without my guidance, before I could
		   come and help out.

                                  ANDREW
		   <confused> Gathering?  <beat>  Then
		   there *is* a Gamma class situation
		   in Japan?

                                 MCGOVERN
		   Gamma?  No.  <beat> Omega, if things
		   go wrong.

                                  ANDREW
		   <appalled> Shit.

                                 MCGOVERN
		   What have you done so far?

They reach an elevator.  ANDREW swipes a card through a scanner, and the
door opens.  They step in.  The elevator is very silent.

                                  ANDREW
		   The Helifortress is fueling now,
		   Patricia is on board, I've called in
		   the Ops teams and put them on stand
		   by.

                                 MCGOVERN
		   Who've you got manning the boards
		   back here?

                                  ANDREW
		   Well ... the new girl.  Came on 
		   after you ... uh, *left*.  Got a
		   real knack for computers ...

                                 MCGOVERN
  		   Linda Maverick?

                                  ANDREW
		   That's the one.

                                 MCGOVERN
		   Good.  She's a cyberpsi.

                                  ANDREW
		   WHAT?

                                 MCGOVERN
		   I don't *know* how she slipped past,
		   Andrew, but she did.  It's not an
		   issue now, but if this works like it
		   ought to, she'll be important.  Make
		   it seem like you always knew, get
		   her working in design -- you'd be
		   amazed what you can do by combining
		   a CAD tool with a direct neural
		   interface to the computer.

                                  ANDREW
		   So you know how this all works out?

                                 MCGOVERN
		   Sort of.

The doors to the elevator open, and they are in a hangar.  The immense
bulk of the Helifortress -- a vehicle about the size of a jumbo jet with
helicopter blades set in its wings fills the space.

                                 MCGOVERN
		   You have, I hope, guessed that I'm
		   from the future?

                                  ANDREW
 		   Yeah, a while back.  <beat> I don't
		   suppose you know a Corporal Ted --

                                 MCGOVERN
		   Not now, Andrew.  <beat>  The only
		   primary source for this sequence of
		   events was lost a long time ago.
		   But we've worked a few details out,
		   and ... <beat> Based on probability
		   studies, humanity has three days to
		   live if extraordinary measures are
		   not taken within that time.

ANDREW is beyond aghast.

                                  ANDREW
		   Three days?

                                 MCGOVERN
		   Highest probability is that the
		   forces involved devastate the planet
		   and then move on to other worlds.
		   Next highest involve the Gathered
		   heroes giving their lives to defeat
		   the forces, leaving the immediate
		   future in the hands of SEELE.

                                  ANDREW
		   <disgusted> *Those* idiots?  C'mon.

                                 MCGOVERN
		   I'm quite serious.  They aren't
		   involved in this mess, but they will
		   profit from it.  <beat>  Slimmer
		   probabilities have this as a typical
		   victory of the Defender --

                                  ANDREW
		   Who?

                                 MCGOVERN
		   -- which means that universal
		   armageddon is postponed another
		   moment longer.  Those are the ones
		   that we're aiming for, by the way.

ANDREW stands in front ot MCGOVERN.  NINIANE comes down the steps leading
up to the interior of the Helifortress.  ANDREW is blocking her view of
MCGOVERN.

                                  ANDREW
		   There's something you're not tellin'
		   me.

MCGOVERN shrugs, and smiles.

                                  ANDREW
		   Okay, whatever.  I trust you.  What
		   do you --

                                 NINIANE
		   <acidly> I thought you trusted no 
		   one on this Earth.  Who is --

MCGOVERN peers around ANDREW's shoulder, smiling broadly and goofily.

                                 MCGOVERN
		   I'm newly arrived, so I don't get in
		   his bad books as much.  <beat> Hi,
		   love.

NINIANE's eyes bulge, and her jaw drops.  And then she's running to throw
herself at him, shoving ANDREW out of the way, sobbing, covering his face
with kisses, behaving like a much younger woman -- but still taking time
to throw a triumphant glare at ANDREW, who wearily looks away.

Cut to a reinforced cargo hold.  PATRICIA, wearing a set of clothes that
vaguely resemble a typical Japanese schoolgirl's phys ed uniform, is
leaning against the wall.  She looks very anxious.

                             ANDREW (INTERCOM)
		   Patricia?

                                 PATRICIA
		   Yes?

                             ANDREW (INTERCOM)
		   Are you ready?

PATRICIA looks as though she wants to say no ... but she closes her eyes,
and swallows.

                                 PATRICIA
		   I have to be.  There's no one else.

                             ANDREW (INTERCOM)
		   Right.  <beat>  We'll be taking off
		   in just a few minutes.  It's a few
		   hours to Japan, so if you wanna get
		   some sleep ...

PATRICIA nods, then grins sheepishly at her mistake.

                                 PATRICIA
		   Right, Uncle.  I'll be fine.

She pulls a thin, silver capsule out of her belt, and stares at it.

                                 PATRICIA
		   <whispered> I have to be fine.


                          MUSIC VIDEO SEQUENCE #1

As the opening bars of Europe's "The Final Countdown" begin to play, we 
cut to the cockpit of the Helifortress, where Andrew is completing the
preflight checklist.  He gazes at PATRICIA's image on a monitor set into
the control panel with a vague look of regret on his face ... then shakes
his head, and goes back to work.

Cut to the passenger compartment, where we see MCGOVERN and NINIANE seated
in one row of seats, talking quietly together, while STENGOVITCH tries to
peep over the back of the seat at them, until BRAN pulls him down.

                                   SONG   
                   We're leaving together,

Cut to a communications center.  A young woman with short cropped blonde
hair is staring at a computer terminal, watching information flash across
it.  She looks up at a big monitor to see the Helifortress' rotors begin
to spin.

                                   SONG   
                   But still it's farewell

In the hangar bay, a large section of the roof begins to slide back,
revealing the daylight.

                                   SONG
                   And maybe we'll come back,
                   To earth, who can tell?
                   I guess there is no one to blame
                   We're leaving ground

The giant skids of the Helicarrier slowly retract into its body, leaving
it hovering just above the floor.

Cut to ANDREW's face as he silently counts down from five over the next
line, before pulling back on the throttle.

                                  SONG
                   Will things ever be the same again?
                   It's the final countdown...

The Helicarrier lifts up into the desert sky above Area 51, and begins to
make its way to the East.

Cut to the kitchen of a certain shrine in Nekomi.  BELLDANDY is cheerily
washing dishes.  She hums while she works.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
		   Okay, I'll admit it.  The first time
		   that I actually *met* Belldandy, as
		   opposed to the times I'd seen her on 
		   campus without knowing who she was,
		   I wondered what had happened to my
		   oldest sister that she had that 
		   strange hair dye and those colour 
		   changing contact lenses.  <beat>  To 
		   say nothing of her ... strange
		   fashion sense.  <beat>  And even
		   after I *knew* that they were two
		   different people, I kept seeing ...
		   echoes.  <beat>  I had never seen
		   anyone who took as much pleasure in 
		   the mundanities of life as my eldest 
		   sister ... and this week I met two.

There is a sudden jangling alarm.  BELLDANDY is startled.

                                 BELLDANDY
		   Oh my!  The alarm!

She sets the plate that she's drying down, and wipes her hands on a towel,
before heading out to see what caused the alarm.  She walks out of the
shrine to the temple gate ...

Where she sees Banpei (the Temple's guardian robot) standing over a charm
covered, seriously injured MARA.

                                 BELLDANDY
		   Mara?!

                                   MARA
		   <hoarse> Truce!

                                 BELLDANDY
		   Truce?  <beat>  Really, Mara?  A
		   truce?

                                   MARA
		   No, I enjoy lying here and drowning
		   in my own blood and feeling the tiny
		   incisions these charms are making in
		   my skin.  It gets me off.  <beat> 
		   YES, I REALLY WANT A TRUCE, DAMMIT!

Cut to the living room of the temple.  BELLDANDY is gently cleaning MARA's
wounds while KEIICHI stands by and looks on apprehensively.

                                 BELLDANDY
		   What in the world *did* this to you?

                                   MARA
		   <snort> That's the hell of it.  I
		   don't know.  <beat; notices KEIICHI>
		   What're you looking at, Morisato?

                                  KEIICHI
		   Um ... well, I --

                                   MARA
		   <cooing> Oooh!  Could it be that you
		   don't trust me?  Could it be that
		   you *doubt* Belldandy's faith in me?
		   OUCH!

BELLDANDY's smile is rather strained as she pulls the cloth back from
MARA's face.

                                 BELLDANDY
		   You will admit, Mara, that you have
		   not exactly given Keiichi-san reason
		   to trust you --

                                   MARA
		   Of course!  <to KEIICHI> I'd think
		   you were a bloody idiot if you did!
		   <beat> Of course, I think you're a
	 	   bloody idiot *anyway*, but OUCH!

BELLDANDY is holding the lobe of MARA's ear between her thumb and
forefinger.

                                   MARA
		   ANYWAY ... the point is, there are
		   far worse things in the hells than
		   me.  <beat>  And last night, one of
		   the mortals called one of the worst
		   into this world.

BELLDANDY gasps.

                                  KEIICHI
		   Someone summoned a demon from ...
		   uh, Niffelhelm?

                                   MARA
		   You wish.  This particular being is
		   elder than all the demons in
		   *Nifflheim*.  He's spoken of only in
		   whispers among the mightiest of our
		   people.  <beat>  He is called the
		   Adversary.

                                 BELLDANDY
		   <nods> I believe that I learnt of
		   him in one of my graduate classes.
		   There was not much information on
		   him ...

                                   MARA
		   It's said that he taught Hela how
		   to make the Hand of Glory, and kept
		   Fenris as a lap dog for a year,
		   before his binding.

There is a long silence.

                                  KEIICHI
		   I should be impressed by those
		   references, shouldn't I?

MARA looks ready to make a cutting retort, then realizes that BELLDANDY is
still holding her earlobe.

                                 BELLDANDY
		   Those are two of the Elder Demons of
		   Mara's office, Keiichi-san. <beat>
		   It is also said that this Adversary
		   told Loki where to find the Almighty
		   in the earliest days.

                                   MARA
		   <blink> I never heard *that* ...

                                  KEIICHI
		   So ... what's going to happen?
		   <beat> Is ... is the Almighty going
		   to do something about this?

                                   MARA
		   <laugh> Yeah, right.

                                 BELLDANDY
		   Unfortunately, the Almighty may only
		   intervene in the destiny of the 
		   world if he is asked to do so by a 
		   mortal, in a specific manner -- and
		   the Silmarils have been lost a very
		   long time, Keiichi-san.

KEIICHI clearly doesn't get the reference.

                                  KEIICHI
		   Oh.  Right.  <beat> So ... what *is*
		   going to happen?

BELLDANDY shakes her head.

                                 BELLDANDY
		   I don't know, Keiichi-san.  Nothing
		   like this has ever happened before.

                                   MARA
		   So where's Urd and the brat?  OW!

                                 BELLDANDY
		   My sisters have gone into Tokyo on
		   some expedition of which they sought
		   to keep me unaware.  I don't know
		   what they might be about.

Cut to a placid Nerima street.  An old woman (the one who occasionally
provokes RANMA's transformation by accidentally splashing him) is walking
slowly as two shadows fall on her.  She turns around.  SKULD and URD are
wearing trenchcoats and mirror shades.

                                   SKULD
		   Excuse me, we're with the Secret
		   Police.  Have you witnessed any
		   unusual events in this neighborhood
		   that you'd like to discuss with us?

The old woman slowly shakes her head and starts to back away slowly.

                                    URD
		   I don't think this is working ...

                                   SKULD
		   I don't get it ... I thought that
		   Japanese people had a high degree of
		   respect for the police --

                                    URD
		   Skuld, I don't think the Japanese
		   police go around wearing black
		   trenchcoats and mirrored sunglasses.
		   I *do* think you've been watching
		   that American TV show too much --

                                   SKULD
		   But Scully-sama is so intellectual!

URD rolls her eyes.

                                    URD
		   Right ... let's keep working on it.

They walk along the street.

Cut to the entrance hall of the Tendou home.  KENT is silently slipping
off his shoes as KASUMI enters from the kitchen.

                                  KASUMI
		   Ara!  Kent-san ... I didn't hear you
		   come in ...

                                   KENT
		   I forgot to announce myself.  I was
		   thinking ...

                                  KASUMI
		   I see ...

KENT looks at her for a moment, and then shakes his head.

                                   KENT
		   No ... no, I'm afraid you don't.
		   <stands> Kasumi-san ... you are a
		   wonderful, kind, decent, and gentle
		   human being.  <beat>  I'm not.  It
		   would not work out.

KASUMI is shocked.

                                  KASUMI
		   Then ... you know?

KENT nods.

                                  KASUMI
		   Oh my.  <beat>  I ... hope that I
		   have not embarassed you by --

                                   KENT
		   No, no.  It is very flattering, but
		   I am ...

He searches for the words.

                                  KASUMI
		   Not available?

                                   KENT
		   <shakes head> Not so much that as
		   ... I am not a good person to love,
		   Tendou Kasumi-san.  The last three
		   people to try ended up terribly hurt
		   at the end.  <beat>  I hope only
		   that I have not hurt you by waiting
		   this long to tell you.

                                  KASUMI
		   <smiles sadly> Oh no.  Well, perhaps
		   a little ... from the ending of the
		   last of my childish dreams ...

                                   KENT
		   Forgive me.

                                  KASUMI
		   I do. <beat> One of Ranma's friends
		   will be cooking dinner for our
		   family this evening, as partial
		   recompense for ... certain events in
		   which she was involved a year ago.
		   Do you like okonomiyaki, Kent-san?

                                   KENT
		   Yes ... I like it quite a bit.

Cut to KENT looking mildly ill as he watches RANMA wolf down several
okonomiyaki from a large stack of them.  RYOUGA and UKYOU (who are very
carefully avoiding looking at each other) are also seated around the
table with the Tendou family.

                                   SOUUN
		   So, Kent-san ... how was your day
		   after leaving the police station?

                                   KENT
		   Well ... I did a little poking to
		   see what more I could find out about
		   this crime.

                                  RYOUGA
		   Are you some sort of private
		   investigator or something like that?

                                   KENT
		   Yes to the "something like that"
		   part.  <beat>  I discovered that
		   Shujin-san was not the only martial
		   artist to have disappeared or died
		   mysteriously within the last twenty
		   four hours.

Stunned silence greets that announcement.  RANMA stops eating.

                                   KENT
		   The first was an elderly priest of
		   one of the local Shinto shrines,
		   noted for the quality of his charms.
		   He died of a heart attack a few
		   minutes after midnight.  According
		   to his family, he was in excellent
		   health for a man of his age. <beat>
		   Over the course of this day, a total
		   of twenty people in the Nerima ward 
		   have either died of mysterious and
		   unlikely "accidents" or simply
		   vanished without trace.  Shujin-san
		   was the first to have been clearly
		   murdered, however.  But all the
		   victims have a common quality.

KENT sips at his tea.

                                   UKYOU
		   *What?*  What common quality?

                                   KENT
		   They all had either honed their
		   training in their chosen styles of
		   the martial arts to the point where
		   they were possessed of nearly
		   supernatural capabilities ... or
		   actually practiced other arts which
		   could be generally described as
		   magic. <beat> In the course of my
		   career, I have encountered a similar
		   pattern of crimes once before.  The
		   individual responsible for the
		   murders in that instance was a being
		   which, for lack of a better term, I
		   will refer to as a demon.

                                   RANMA
		   There's a *demon* in Nerima?

                                   KENT
		   Yes.  And it wants to eat the souls
		   of martial artists.  <beat>  Like I
		   said earlier, Ranma.  Some things
		   you can't fight with the art alone.

He looks at RYOUGA just after he says that.  RYOUGA swallows, nervously.

                                   KENT
		   At this point in its growth, the
		   demon will avoid large quantities of
		   its prey, preferring to pick it off
		   one by one.  <beat>  For now, there
		   is safety in numbers.  Ranma, are
		   there any other major martial
		   artists in town that you know about?

RANMA thinks, and is about to shake his head ... then pauses.

                                   RANMA
		   <slow, grudging> Yeah.  There's
		   Shampoo and the old ghoul.  Mousse
		   is out of town right now, off on a
		   training --

                                   KENT
		   Is there some reason these people
		   are named for hygeine products?

                                  NABIKI
		   Linguistic coincidence.  We hope.

                                   KENT
		   In any event, it might be a good
		   idea to call them and invite them
		   up here, for mutual protection.  It
		   will come here eventually, and the
		   only chance to defeat it is to make 
		   a strategy to beat it in familiar
		   territory ... 

                                  KASUMI
		   Excuse me, Kent-san ... but if
		   there's going to be a fight, here,
		   should non-combatants such as myself
		   leave?

KENT takes a quick look at SOUUN, who is quietly having a conniption fit.

                                   KENT
		   <quickly> Not just yet, Kasumi-san.

                                  NABIKI
		   Well, someone's going to have to go
		   and pick up Akane at the train
		   station.

                                   KENT
		   ... Akane?

                                  NABIKI
		   Yeah, my little sister.  Akane.
		   <amused>  The only person who
		   consistently beats a certain martial
		   arts demigod I know.

KENT slowly turns to stare at RANMA.

                                   RANMA
		   Hey!  It's not like that!  She --

                                   UKYOU
		   What she does is sneak up on him
		   and whack him with that mallet of
		   hers.

RYOUGA looks as though he is about to take issue with UKYOU's
characterization of AKANE, but KENT interrupts before he can.

                                   KENT
		   Um ... excuse me.  <beat>  This ...
		   mallet.  She carries it around with
		   her ... right?

                                   RANMA
		   I guess so.  I dunno where she hides
		   the damn thing ...

                                   KENT
		   She always has it handy. <beat> And
		   she only uses it when she's angry?

                                  NABIKI
		   No.  Only when she's really angry.
		   If she used it when she was angry,
		   she'd use it all the --

                                   KENT
		   Great Scott.  <beat>  In other words
		   she can materialize a physical
		   object from her anger-based ki?!

The implications of that statement slowly sink in, and KENT, RANMA, and
RYOUGA all bound to their feet at about the same time --

Just as a great light shines into the TENDOU dining room from outside.

Cut to the Nerima train station.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
		   And then I arrived.

We see AKANE, wearing a yellow sundress and carrying a large suitcase in
her left hand, step off the train.  She seems tired, but otherwise much
the same.  She looks around for any sign of her famiy coming to pick her
up, but sees no one.  This causes her to frown.  She walks out of the
train station, and is startled.

                                   KUNOU
		   TENDOU AKANE-SAN!

AKANE slowly looks over her shoulder to see that KUNOU is standing nearby,
in his usual kendo outfit, with his bokken in one hand and a bouquet of
roses in the other.  AKANE lets out a long, slow sigh.

                                   AKANE
		   <annoyed> Hello, Kunou-san.  How
		   have you --

                                   KUNOU
		   Ah, my heart is once more filled
		   with the voice of Tendou Akane-san!
		   Oh joyous occasion!  At last, you
		   have fought free of the coils of
		   foreign slavery unto which the --

KUNOU continues to rant.

                                   AKANE
		   <muttered> -- foul sorceror Saotome
		   did cruelly place you, yadda yadda
		   yadda ... where *is* Ranma?

It is at that point that the train station explodes.  We see AKANE's
shocked face as she looks up at the debris flying away from it towards
her.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
		   All the pieces were in place.  The
		   Adversary was there.  The heroes had
		   been gathered.  And I was there, as
		   well.  <beat>  The last Gathering of
		   the Palladins had begun.

                              TO BE CONTINUED

Chris Davies, Advocate for Darkness, Part-Time Champion of Light.
"Damn it all, how am I supposed to sit here and wallow in self-pity and
disgust with all this racket going on?" -- Yuusaku Godai, Maison Ikkoku.
http://www.ualberta.ca/~cdavies/hmpage.html





