                               INTRODUCTION

    Let me tell you a story.  Yes, I know that this is the exact same way
that I started off "Together Again:  2937 Chapter" a few months ago.  And
for all I know, it will be the way I start "Together Again:  Silver
Millenium Chapter" a few months from now.  I hope not ... because this is
going to be a weird little story about a weird little event.

    Quite recently, a young author -- the same young author as before -- 
had almost finished the first part of his latest epic.  There remained 
only one last scene to write, and what was going to happen in it was clear 
in my mind.  And so, pleased with himself, the young author decided to go 
and enjoy a little recreation.

    It so happened that the young author had not been inside a bookstore 
recently, so he decided to go and look at the new books.  He was mildly 
interested to see that an author whose early works he had enjoyed had 
released a new novel, and so, picking it up, examined it to see what it 
was about.

    "A Novel of Good and Evil", read the small writing above the title.

    He examined the final chapter.

    "Tuesday, July 5", stated the bold letters on the page.

    A small tremor ran up his spine.  He casually leafed to the front of 
the book.

    "Friday, July 1" was the date given for the beginning of the first 
part.

    The author stood in the bookstore for a long moment, holding the 
book.  With a faint heart, he checked the jacket.

    The word "demon" leaped out, screaming.

    The author's smile was fixed as he marched to the counter, and 
purchased the book.  He had somehow spent two months working on a story 
which a New York Times Best Selling Author had already written.

    "Bet you wish I'd spoken up sooner," said the malevolent voice of his 
muse.

    "Sir, please don't talk to yourself out loud," said the check out 
girl.

    Okay, okay, the last part didn't happen.  But I did discover, just as 
I was putting this one to bed, that Terry Brooks had released "Running 
With The Demon", a novel of contemporary dark fantasy, which takes place 
over the course of five days -- just like this story will -- involving a 
fundamental conflict between good and evil -- just like this story will -- 
and a demon and a supernaturally invested champion of good -- do I need to 
say it again?

    It's more than likely that Terry Brooks has been working on his story 
for a long while, and so the fact that our themes intersect is one of 
those annoying coincidences that give writers their shortened life 
expectancy.  Ah well.

    In any event, Brooks' plot owes most of its inspiration to Steven King 
-- particularly his "Dark Tower" cycle and "Needful Things" -- and to the 
first "Tales from Crypt" movie; whereas I am drawing for inspiration on 
... other things, among them John Milton's "Paradise Lost", which I failed 
to cite in my first and only trailer for the story.

    Once more, while the five big series, this time combined with a number 
of characters of my own invention, will be the focus of most of the story, 
others will feature as well.  If someone seems familiar, he or she 
probably is.

    In any event, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to my world.

C(hristopher) Richard Davies,
September 14, 1996.
(Early again.  This is getting to be a habit.)



                       An Inevitable Outcome Feature

                           Written and Directed
                           by C. Richard Davies

                              TOGETHER AGAIN

                               1996 Chapter

                           Based on the works of
                     Naoko Takeuchi, Rumiko Takahashi,
                    Kosuke Fujishima, Matsumoto Izumi,
                             Masaki Kajishima,
                    and various interpretations therof.

                               Incorporating
                        original characters created
                           by C. Richard Davies

                  Dedicated to John Biles, Frank Herriot,
                              and Larry Mann.

                                  ACT ONE

Establishing Shot:  Nerima at high noon.  The sun is shining brightly, and 
the whole neighborhood seems almost polarized into light and darkness, as 
if to create a black and white image.  As we move closer, we see little 
bits of colour, but until we approach the Tendou dojo, with its walls and 
garden, it still seems fairly bleached.  As we draw even nearer, we hear 
voices uttering low battle cries.  Finally, we enter the doors of the 
Tendou home, moving slowly, listening to the battle cries grow louder as 
we approach the training hall proper.

Inside the training hall, TENDOU SOUUN is watching as his latest class of 
pupils works through the beginning exercises of the Musabetsu Kakuto 
style.  The students are a mixed lot, as one might expect -- they range 
from teenagers to men in their early middle ages.  Most seem to be in 
better than average shape, though not remarkably so.  They are all dressed 
in white gi.

>From the rear, we see a young man, also dressed in white gi, with a 
pony-tail, advising a number of the students on their exercises.  He 
gestures cleanly and forcefully as he does so.

In the distance, the phone rings.  SOUUN looks up as he hears the noise.  
He starts to count on his fingers.  He starts out with seven, drops two 
immediately, slowly lowers two others, and then stares at the three 
fingers he has left.  He looks at the young man, looks down at his hand 
again ... and then a look of great realization crosses his face.

                                   SOUUN
                   Ah!  Kasumi has gone shopping!

SOUUN pushes himself to his feet, and starts to rush off out of the dojo.  
We see the young man -- who is beyond any doubt, SAOTOME RANMA, though 
slightly more mature than he was at the end of his story -- look over his 
shoulder and roll his eyes.

We see SOUUN arrive at the telephone, which has been ringing constantly 
over this, place his hand over the reciever, cough into his fist, and pick 
up the phone.

                                   SOUUN
                   Moshi moshi.  Tendou no dojou.

SOUUN seems startled to hear whatever he hears on the other end of the 
line, and his mouth spreads in a large smile as he does.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   It all started when my father got
                   a phone call from -- no, wait a
                   minute.

The scene freezes in the middle of SOUUN's exclamation.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   Strictly speaking, it didn't begin
                   there.  I could say that it began
                   nearly two decades before that, when
                   the man my father had been speaking
                   to had first met our family.  Or a
                   decade before *that*, when he first
                   came to Japan; or three decades
                   before that, when ... and so on,
                   back to the very first moment.
                   <beat> But to be even a little bit
                   accurate, it had begun a few hours
                   before that.

Cut to a city street in chaos.  Fires are burning, sirens are screaming, 
so are people.  The side of a building explodes, and a man -- shaved bald, 
wearing bulky black armor, with an eyepatch targeting device over one eye, 
carrying a huge bazooka-like device -- laughs madly at the carnage he's 
causing, as do his several colleagues, each cast from a similar mold.  The 
man looks for another target ... and then freezes, visibly paling as he 
looks down the street.  He anxiously gestures for his colleagues to look 
where he's looking, and they all react with intense fear.

Down the street, a man (early thirties?) is standing against the rising 
sun.  His hair is a dark black, his skin tanned.  He stands above average 
height, and his black trenchcoat hides the details of his slender yet 
muscular build.  He wears glasses.  We close in on his eyes for a moment 
-- they are gray, with strange flecks of gold in the iris.  He reaches up 
with his gloved left hand to remove the glasses, flicking the frame shut 
as he pulls them away.  He deliberately assumes a martial arts stance.

                                   KENT
                   You're under arrest.

For a second, nothing happens ... then, roaring, the criminals charge 
towards him ...

And KENT wakes up.  He blinks as he lies in bed, staring at the clock on 
his bedside table, the red numbers "0628" illuminating his glasses.  KENT 
sits up in bed, his shirt and boxers showing off both his *very* muscular 
arms and legs, and the large number of scars from old injuries on his 
limbs and chest.   He picks up his glasses, puts them on, and gets out of 
bed.

We see him, wearing a red robe and slippers, wandering down a darkened 
corridor towards a lit room, which has the look of a kitchenette -- a 
sink, stove, refrierator and cupboards.  A man (ANDREW DELAFONTAINE, early 
fifties?), with a bushy moustache, mostly bald with wisps of hair on the 
sides of his head, wearing blue mechanic's coveralls, is sitting at a 
table in the room.  He does a crossword puzzle in pen while taking 
occasional drinks from a cup of coffee.  He looks up at KENT as he enters 
the room.  ANDREW speaks in a New Yorker accent that screams "fake".

                                  ANDREW
                   Mornin'.  Coffee?

KENT shakes his head, and walks to the refrigerator, opening it up to take 
out a carton of orange juice, and getting a glass out of one of the 
cupboards at the same time.  ANDREW shakes his head, and tsks.

                                  ANDREW
                   That stuff'll kill you.

KENT pauses, sets down the cup, opens the carton, and drinks directly from 
the carton.  ANDREW watches.  KENT finishes the carton, sets it down, and 
comes to sit/slump at the table.  ANDREW folds up his copy of the New York 
Times.

                                  ANDREW
                   That bad, huh?  What was it, Sheila?

KENT shakes his head.

                                  ANDREW
                   Theresa?

KENT shakes his head.

                                   KENT
                   The one where I'm a supercop.

                                  ANDREW
                   <snorts> An' I still say that ain't
                   that different from what we do.

                                   KENT
                   And I still say it is.  <beat>  So
                   what's on the agenda for today?

                                  ANDREW
                   Nothin' planned, but the Austrians
                   been askin' us to do somethin' about
                   the dragons in their --

                                   KENT
                   Unless they produce some evidence
                   the the tatzelwurmen are of xeno-
                   or magical origin, we do nothing.
                   Same with the kraken in the Baltic
                   ... on the other hand, it might do
                   to examine that a little more
                   closely, if there seems to be an
                   increase in cult business there.

KENT falls silent, and ANDREW just stares at him.

                                  ANDREW
                   Nobody should remember all that.  
                   You need a vacation.

                                   KENT
                   Secret Masters of the World don't
                   take vacations. <beat>  I'd like a 
                   few days off, but --

                                  ANDREW
                   Who's gonna tell you no?

                                   KENT
                   What if something happens and I'm --

                                  ANDREW
                   Welcome to the era of global
                   communications!  If you are on the
                   planet Earth, there's nowhere we
                   can't get in touch with you!

                                   KENT
                   And how long will it take to --

                                  ANDREW
                   Welcome to the era of having more
                   cutting edge vehicles than the US
                   Air Force!

KENT appears to consider the idea for a moment, lost in thought.  ANDREW 
drinks the last of his coffee.

                                   KENT
                   All right.

                                  ANDREW
                   <blinks> Seriously?

                                   KENT
                   If I recall correctly, there's
                   nothing coming up in the next few
                   days --

                                  ANDREW
                   Great!  We can head up to Alaska,
                   get some fishing done --

KENT continues as though he hadn't been interrupted.

                                   KENT
                   -- that my duly designated second
                   in command can't handle.

ANDREW gapes.  KENT smiles thinly.

                                  ANDREW
                   Dirty pool!

                                   KENT
                   It was your idea.  And until -- and
                   unless -- McGovern comes back,
                   you're the only operator on staff
                   with the experience to handle it
                   all.

                                  ANDREW
                   Awww, shit.

KENT stands up, and stretches, seeming somehow more vital and energetic 
now that he's made his decision.

                                   KENT
                   Guess I'd better get packed.

                                  ANDREW
                   So where you goin'?

                                   KENT
                   Back to Japan, I think.  Maybe I'll
                   pop in on my old teacher.  I think
                   a week should be enough, and we have
                   to address the UN Security Council
                   Monday after next anyway, so ...

                                  ANDREW
                   Right.  I'll keep things on an even
                   keel here.

KENT starts to walk out of the room.

                                  ANDREW
                   Give my regards to Lum.

                                   KENT
                   <sarcasm> Ha ha.  If I meet *any*
                   aliens over there, they had best
                   keep the hell out of my way.

KENT exits.  He walks down the hallway, with decidedly more spring in his 
step.

                              NINIANE (O.S.)
                   <flat> Running away?

KENT pauses, and turns to look back the way he came.  NINIANE is a tall 
woman (late twenties?) with very light (almost white) blonde hair to her 
waist and deep blue eyes.  Her expression is hard and unfriendly.  She 
wears a white shawl over a grey sweater, a tan skirt that extends to her 
ankles, and red shoes.  Her face is noticeably barren of makeup and 
jewelry.

                                   KENT
                   I don't see why taking a vacation is
                   considering running away.

                                  NINIANE
                   You are once more trying to avoid
                   your destiny --

                                   KENT
                   -- which you refuse to tell me
                   anything about, Niniane.

                                  NINIANE
                   Why should I explain that which you
                   seek so avidly to avoid?

                                   KENT
                   Got me there.

He starts walking away.

                                  NINIANE
                   I did a divination about you.

KENT pauses.

                                   KENT

                   And?

                                  NINIANE
                   Do you want to know the results?

                                   KENT
                   I can tell that you're just burning
                   to tell me, so yes.

                                  NINIANE
                   "Three will go in.  Two will come
                   out."

KENT turns to look at her.

                                   KENT
                   I see.  <beat>  You realize, of
                   course, that this is one of those
                   prophecies that is doomed to be
                   remembered only after it's too
                   late to do anything about it?

                                  NINIANE
                   Yes.  But I felt obligated to
                   report it all the same, even if you
                   will ignore it.

                                   KENT
                   Ah yes.  <beat>  Doubtless it's your
                   destiny to report useless prophecies
                   to those who won't listen -- in
                   which case, of course, you mustn't
                   run from it.  After all <claps> it's
                   fate.

KENT turns and walks down the corridor, turning a corner as he does.  
NINIANE follows him with an impassive expression.

                                  NINIANE
                   I daresay he thinks he won that
                   little exchange.  How cute.

NINIANE turns and walks down the corridor to the kitchenette.  A young 
woman (PATRICIA DELAFONTAINE, late teens?) steps out of one of the other 
rooms (which we can distantly see is a bathroom).  She has short 
red-auburn hair and amber eyes, and is wearing a short bathrobe over 
pyjamas.  She nervously looks down the corridor the way KENT went.

                                 PATRICIA
                   Running away?

She starts down the corridor after him.

KENT, now dressed in casual clothes -- a black vest over a white shirt and 
blue jeans -- and carrying a suitcase in one hand and a brown leather 
jacket slung over his shoulder, walks up a staircase.  PATRICIA appears at 
the bottom.

                                 PATRICIA
                   Kent?

A look of annoyance mixed with something else -- longing, perhaps? -- 
crosses KENT's face.  He doesn't stop.  PATRICIA continues to follow him.

                                 PATRICIA
                   Kent, I need to talk to you.

                                   KENT
                   So talk.

                                 PATRICIA
                   Look, I know that you're upset about
                   my practice scores, but --

                                   KENT
                   Then you know more than I do.

PATRICIA pauses.

                                 PATRICIA
                   You're not upset about my practice
                   scores?

                                   KENT
                   I didn't say that.

                                 PATRICIA
                   Then --

                                   KENT
                   Right now, Patricia, I don't *care*
                   about your practice scores.  I am on
                   vacation.

They arrive at the top of the staircase, and KENT taps in a security code 
at the door.  It opens into a huge parking garage/hangar bay -- filled 
with various high tech vehicles:  cars that look like they belong in a 
science fiction movie, black helicopters, a flying saucer (a closer look 
will reveal it to be the Avro Arrow), vehicles from Supermarionation shows 
G.I. Joe gear; and not far away, a Chrysler Cordoba.  A young man (perhaps 
13) with purply-black hair and a bored expression is dusting the 
windshield.  He looks up as KENT and PATRICIA approach.

                                 PATRICIA
                   Vacation?  Where are you going?

                                   KENT
                   Japan.  I'll be back in a few days.

He takes a look at the Cordoba.

                                   KENT
                   Looks good, Mr. Stengovitch.

                                STENGOVITCH
                   Thank you sir.

KENT pops open the trunk, and goes to slide his suitcase in.

                                 PATRICIA
                   Um, so you'll be back in a week?

                                   KENT
                   That *is* what I said.

                                 PATRICIA
                   Right.  Uh, there's something we
                   need to talk about.

                                   KENT
                   Go ahead.  Talk.

KENT closes the trunk.

                                 PATRICIA
                   Well, it's kind of hard to talk
                   abo-- uh, to you when you won't
                   stand still.

KENT comes to a dead stop and turns to look at PATRICIA with an incurious 
expression.

                                   KENT
                   I'm waiting.

                                 PATRICIA
                   Uh ... well ... we haven't had a lot
                   of time to talk about what happened
                   on --

                                   KENT
                   I should not have had sex with you 
                   whem we were on Dr. Michel Andro's 
                   island headquarters three weeks ago.

STENGOVITCH stops pretending to pack up his vehicle cleaning kit while 
eavesdropping on their conversation and just plain listens in.  PATRICIA 
blinks, a shocked expression on her face.

                                 PATRICIA
                   ... had ... sex?

                                   KENT
                   That is what you were trying to
                   avoid talking about directly, is it
                   not?

                                 PATRICIA
                   Uh.  Well.  I ... wouldn't have put
                   like ... that.  I would have said
                   when we ...

                                   KENT
                   Boinked?

PATRICIA is blushing ferociously.

                                 PATRICIA
                   Um, no ...

                                   KENT
                   Screwed?  <beat> F--

                                 PATRICIA
                   Made love!

KENT's face is expressionless as he tosses his jacket in the car.

                                   KENT
                   We didn't do that.

                                 PATRICIA
                   Kent, I really want to talk about
                   our relationship, but you're --

                                   KENT
                   Our relationship is extraordinarily
                   simple.  I am the Commanding Officer
                   of the Planetary Defense Force; you
                   are one of my agents.  The fact that
                   we have had sexual intercourse
                   complicates matters.  I am doing my
                   best to pretend it never happened; I
                   suggest that you do the same.

KENT slides into the car's driver seat.

                                 PATRICIA
                   I can't pretend it never happened!
                   I *wanted* --

KENT turns to look at her with an annoyed, disdainful expression.

                                   KENT
                   Don't be ridiculous.  You aren't in
                   love with me, and I'm certainly not
                   in love with you.  So just give up
                   on those silly, pointless romantic
                   dreams you've been having about me
                   since you got here; they aren't
                   going to happen.  Stop being such a
                   child, for God's sake.

PATRICIA reacts as if she's been slapped a few dozen times.  KENT stares 
up at her with a disgusted look on his face, then slams the car door shut, 
and starts the engine.  He drives towards an upward leading ramp as 
PATRICIA stands at watches, her mouth half open.  As he disappears out of 
sight, she appears to find her voice.

                                 PATRICIA
                   OH YEAH?!  OH YEAH?!  KENT, YOU ...
                   ... YOU ... BIG MEANIE!

PATRICIA abruptly notices that STENGOVITCH is staring up at her with a 
fascinated expression, and realizes that she's still in her pyjamas.  She 
flushes.

                                 PATRICIA
                   So I don't have a snappy comeback.
                   Sue me.

She marches off towards the exit.  STENGOVITCH smiles, and keeps packing 
his gear.

We see KENT driving up a steep inclined tunnel, a look of intense 
self-loathing on his face.  He presses a button on the dashboard.

We see a flat, deserted landscape, late at night.  A section of the ground 
pulls away to reveal the end of the tunnel, just as the Cordoba emerges 
from the darkness.  The Cordoba drives onto a public right of way, and 
heads down the road.  It approaches a chain fence with a single gate, 
patroled on both sides by armed security guards, one of whom waves it to a 
stop.  KENT slows down to a crawl, holding up to the window an unusual 
badge whose principal element is a pyramid with an eye at the top.  The 
security guard blanches, almost saluting, and waves KENT through the gate. 
KENT drives past a sign which reads

                                  WARNING
                              RESTRICTED AREA

                            USE OF DEADLY FORCE
                               IS AUTHORIZED

KENT drives.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   It's strange to think about Kent
                   Masefield, because in a way I feel
                   that I know him as well as I know
                   myself, but in another way I realize
                   that I never knew him at all, and
                   that I never will. <beat> He drove
                   all night through the desert of
                   Nevada, until he came at last to
                   Las Vegas.  Making arrangements for
                   his trip to Japan took a few hours,
                   but he was finally booked for a
                   flight that would arrive in Tokyo
                   International around eleven A.M.
                   When the rising sun finally dawned
                   over Japan, he was on his way.
                   <beat> That morning, I was getting
                   packed to head home for a brief
                   visit with my family.  I was looking
                   forward to seeing my sisters and ...
                   well, I wanted to see Ranma again,
                   too. <beat> But the way that I
                   started my day was fairly boring.

Cut to a shot of KASUGA KYOUSUKE brushing his teeth while looking in the 
mirror.  He bends down and (out of shot) spits out the toothpaste.

In the bedroom of their hotel room, AYUKAWA MADOKA is buttoning up her 
shirt and looking at herself in the mirror.

                                  MADOKA
                   So what was the dream about, anyway?

KYOUSUKE starts to shave with an electric razor.

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   Well, I'm never really know what my
                   dreams are about until after they've
                   come true ... and every time I make
                   a guess, I wind up getting egg all
                   over my face ... like that time I
                   saw you acting submissive in a bunny
                   suit.

MADOKA pauses as she brushes some lint off her short skirt.  She directs 
an *extremely* unpleasant look towards the open washroom door.  KYOUSUKE 
comes out of the door, still shaving, and stares at her uncomprehendingly.

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   Is something wr--

He pauses, and the hand that moves the razor is momentarily stilled.

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   I never told you about that, did I?

                                  MADOKA
                   <flat> Good guess.

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   I intended to.  Really I did.  I had
                   this marvellous image in my head of
                   us laughing our heads off over it.
                   <beat> Of course, we were both into
                   our twilight years in my image --

MADOKA's lips turn up in a smile that doesn't quite reach her eyes.

                                  MADOKA
                   <flat> Cute.  <sigh>  Now, what did
                   you see in your dream, *this* time?

KYOUSUKE relaxes.

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   I saw a little man dancing around
                   on a hill.  He reminded me of that
                   one character on that show -- uh,
                   "Many Mountains"?

                                  MADOKA
                   Twin Peaks?

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   <shrug> And then I heard a great 
                   booming female voice say "Three will
                   go in, two will come out."

                                  MADOKA
                   <interested> Did it sound like my
                   voice?

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   Nooo ... not like any woman that
                   I've ever met.  <beat>  But then
                   the darkness above the dancing
                   man grew very dark, and a great
                   male voice cried out.

KYOUSUKE is silent.

                                  MADOKA
                   Cried out what?

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   "Get your butt down here or you and
                   your family are on CNN."

                                  MADOKA
                   CNN?

                                 KYOUSUKE
                   I just have them, I don't make them
                   up.

MADOKA looks dubious.

Cut to a shot of the Masaki household, looking peaceful.  There is a 
sudden crashing noise from the kitchen.

Cut to a shot of SASAMI sitting on the floor of the kitchen, quietly 
crying into her hands, as she sits in front of a pile of shattered 
dishes.  TENCHI enters the kitchen at a run, and blinks in shock at what 
he sees.

                                  TENCHI
                   Sasami-chan?!?

SASAMI looks up with a humiliated and exhausted expression.

                                  SASAMI
                   I'm sorry, Tenchi-niichan.  I broke
                   the dishes.

TENCHI bends down to speak to her eye to eye, a gentle, worried expression 
on his face.

                                  TENCHI
                   Hey, it's all right.  It was an
                   accident, right?  It's not your
                   fault.

SASAMI nods, not looking directly at TENCHI.

                                  TENCHI
                   Sasami-chan, is something wrong?
                   You've been looking awfully tired
                   recently.

                                  SASAMI
                   Well ...

AYEKA comes into the kitchen, looking curious.  She's startled to see 
SASAMI on the floor.

                                   AYEKA
                   Sasami-chan?  What happened?

SASAMI doesn't look at her older sister.

                                  SASAMI
                   Oneechan, I ... I broke all of
                   Nobuyuki-ojichan's dishes ...

                                  TENCHI
                   Sasami-chan, it's not that bad,
                   we've still got plenty of other
                   dishes.

                                   AYEKA
                   Were you hurt?

SASAMI shakes her head.

                                  TENCHI
                   I'll clean this up, Sasami-chan,
                   you go take a rest.

                                  SASAMI
                   But I made the mess, and --

                                  TENCHI
                   It's okay!  It's not such a big
                   mess.

SASAMI nods sadly, and gets up.  She walks to the door, followed closely 
by AYEKA, who pauses to look over her shoulder as TENCHI starts to pick up 
the pieces of the dishes.  He notices.

                                  TENCHI
                   Ayeka-san, could you look after
                   Sasami-chan?  She seems a little
                   tired today ...

                                   AYEKA
                   Certainly, Tenchi-sama.

He smiles at her, and goes back to work.  AYEKA spends a few more seconds 
looking longingly at him, then turns to follow SASAMI into the living 
room.

In the living room, SASAMI has plopped down on the couch, looking 
depressed.  Above, RYOUKO has curled up in her usual spot to take a 
catnap.  AYEKA comes into the room with a serious expression.

                                   AYEKA
                   All right, Sasami, what happened?

                                  SASAMI
                   Oneechan, I --

                                   AYEKA
                   I've seen you carry larger loads of
                   dishes than that without trouble.
                   But you look terribly exhausted.
                   Tenchi said --

RYOUKO's right eye pops open.  SASAMI looks shocked.

                                  SASAMI
                   Oh no!  I ... Oneechan, promise!

                                   AYEKA
                   Promise what?

                                  SASAMI
                   I don't want to worry Tenchi-niichan
                   with my problems ... promise me that
                   you won't tell him about them!

                                   AYEKA
                   Well ...

                                  SASAMI
                   Promise!

                                   AYEKA
                   All right, I promise that I won't
                   tell him ...

SASAMI holds up the little finger of her right hand.

                                  SASAMI
                   Pinky swear!

AYEKA stares at her, baffled.

                                   AYEKA
                   Whaaat?

                                  SASAMI
                   I read about this in Nobuyuki-
                   ojichan's manga -- people who swear
                   an oath by linking their pinkies
                   have to keep it, or else.

                                   AYEKA
                   Or else what?

                                  SASAMI
                   The one who didn't break the oath
                   can stick red hot needles in the
                   oathbreaker's eyes.

                                   AYEKA
                   <appalled> Sasami!

SASAMI lowers her hand.

                                  SASAMI
                   All right.  <beat>  I've been having
                   trouble sleeping.

                                   AYEKA
                   Why?

                                  SASAMI
                   Well ... I've been reading one of
                   Noboyuki-ojichan's manga.

                                   AYEKA
                   The one with the red hot needles?

                                  SASAMI
                   Oh, no.  That's a nice one. <beat>
                   This is one about these two secret
                   agents who go around finding out
                   monsters.  It's kind of ... creepy.

                                   AYEKA
                   What is this manga?

                                  SASAMI
                   It's called, "The X-Files".  And ...
                   well, I've been ... having night-
                   mares about it ... I wake up in the
                   middle of the night, and I'm too
                   scared to go back to sleep.

                                   AYEKA
                   <compassionately> Oh, Sasami ... why
                   didn't you wake me up?  I would have
                   helped you ...

                                  SASAMI
                   <embarrassed> Well, you were kind of
                   ... um ... you always sounded like 
                   you were having *really* nice dreams
                   about --

AYEKA colours.  Above, RYOUKO controls her amusement with effort, grinning 
evilly.

                                   AYEKA
                   I see.  Well, Sasami, you should
                   still have woken me up ... and after
                   all, I never remember my dreams if
                   I don't wake up in the middle of
                   them.  So, if you had woken me up,
                   I would have been able to comfort
                   you, and you would have helped me
                   have a wonderful memory.

                                  SASAMI
                   Really?

                                   AYEKA
                   Yes.  Now, why don't you go get this
                   manga that's been causing you night-
                   mares?  I want to have a look at it.

                                  SASAMI
                   Okay!

SASAMI hops off the couch, seeming a little more invigorated.  AYEKA 
watches her dash away with a small, quiet smile.

                                   AYEKA
                   <flat> Well?

RYOUKO abruptly materializes just behind her.

                                  RYOUKO
                   So how long did you know I was here?

                                   AYEKA
                   Long enough.  <beat>  You realize, 
                   of course, that she extracted no
                   promise from you to not tell Tenchi
                   about her problems?

RYOUKO blinks, and then a slow, ironic smile crosses her features.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Verrrry sly, brat princess.

                                   AYEKA
                   I'm learning from you, withered
                   mummy.

They pause, turn to look at one another, and smile large, insincere smiles 
that don't even begin to reach their eyes.  Then revert to normal.

                                   AYEKA
                   Only if this doesn't get better in
                   the next few days.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Sure.  <beat>  Believe me or don't,
                   Ayeka, but I do like your little
                   sister, and I don't want to see her
                   in pain like that.

                                   AYEKA
                   I don't, of course.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Of course.  <beat>  So, what *are*
                   YOUR dreams about MY Tenchi like?

AYEKA is visibly shocked.

                                   AYEKA
                   You *must* be joking.

                                  RYOUKO
                   You owe me one --

                                   AYEKA
                   Even if I were to *lie* to my little
                   sister when I said that I couldn't
                   remember my dreams, do you seriously
                   imagine that I would under any
                   circumstances confide their content
                   to you, you ... you ... BANE OF MY
                   EXISTANCE?

RYOUKO is silent for a moment.

                                  RYOUKO
                   I'll tell you about mine.

                                   AYEKA
                   LEAVE!

RYOUKO gives AYEKA the hairy eyeball, and dematerializes.  AYEKA looks up 
to check her usual perch, and sighs in relief that RYOUKO's not there.  
SASAMI comes into the room, holding the manga tankoubon in her hands.

                                  SASAMI
                   Here it is, oneechan.  This isn't
                   one of the really scary ones ...

AYEKA takes the tankoubon, and begins to leaf through it.  She pauses.

                                   AYEKA
                   Aha.  I think I know why you like
                   reading this, Sasami-chan.

SASAMI blushes, and giggles.

                                   AYEKA
                   He *is* a very handsome hero. <beat>
                   Hum ... "alien abduction".  Oh, how
                   silly.  We have this system under
                   a complete quarantine.

                                  SASAMI
                   Then it's just made up?  The text at
                   the back says that people say these 
                   things really happened to them.

AYEKA begins to flip to the back of the tankoubon.

                                   AYEKA
                   Well then they are *lying*, Sasami-
                   chan.  There are no civilized races
                   in this part of the galaxy who would
                   do such things, and --

AYEKA stops abruptly as she looks down at the tankoubon.  Everything is 
very still for a moment.  Then the tankoubon slips out of her fingers.

                                  SASAMI
                   <shocked> Oneechan!

AYEKA turns to look at SASAMI with a calm expression.

                                   AYEKA
                   <unruffled> Yes?

                                  SASAMI
                   Uh ... a-are you all right?

                                   AYEKA
                   Perfectly fine.  <serious> Sasami-
                   chan, I don't think you should
                   read anymore of this manga, if it's
                   giving you nightmares.

                                  SASAMI
                   But --

                                   AYEKA
                   No buts.  Mother Funaho and our
                   Mother would be *furious* with me if
                   they knew that I was letting you
                   read things which caused you to have
                   nightmares.  <rises up; picks up the
                   manga> Now, I think you should rest
                   for the rest of the day, like Tenchi
                   asked you to.

AYEKA heads off.

                                  SASAMI
                   But ... I'm supposed to do the
                   shopping today, with Mihoshi.

AYEKA's face goes horribly panic-stricken, and then calms down as she 
turns to look at SASAMI.

                                   AYEKA
                   I'll do it.  I have some things I
                   want to do in town today anyway.

                                  SASAMI
                   Really?

AYEKA nods, and turns to go away, with a look of mortal terror on her 
face.  She walks into the foyer of the house just as NOBOYUKI is coming 
down the stairs.

                                 NOBOYUKI
                   Ah, Ayeka-san, come to see me off
                   to work?  How kind and --

                                   AYEKA
                   Ahem.  Ojisan, I was hoping that you
                   could tell me about this manga.

She hands him the tankoubon.  He peers at it.

                                 NOBOYUKI
                   Ah, yes ... this is the one that's 
                   based on that American TV show ... 
                   very popular.  <beat>  Oh, this is
                   the one with the text piece about 
                   the aliens ...

NOBOYUKI suddenly blinks, and realizes exactly to whom he is speaking.  
AYEKA gazes at him wordlessly.

                                 NOBOYUKI
                   But of course, real aliens are
                   nothing like that ...

                                   AYEKA
                   I was wondering, ojisan, do you have
                   any of the other tankoubon in this
                   series?

                                 NOBOYUKI
                   <considers, shakes head> No, the
                   store in town doesn't carry this
                   publisher.  I bought it the last
                   time I was in Tokyo.  I didn't
                   really like it, so --

                                   AYEKA
                   <startled> Tokyo?  Oh dear.

                                 NOBOYUKI
                   Uh, is something --

                                   AYEKA
                   Oh no.  No, but ojisan, Sasami found
                   this manga, and the things she saw
                   in it caused her to have nightmares.
                   When you get back from work this
                   evening, could you do something to
                   ... um, *organize* your collection
                   so that anything that a ... tender
                   impressionable young girl might not
                   be ready for is out of the way?

NOBOYUKI immediately strikes a dramatic pose.

                                 NOBOYUKI
                   Never fear, Ayeka-san ... I shall
                   strive with every breath in my body
                   to guard the fragile and delicate
                   dreams of your dear, sweet, cute
                   little sister.  So swears Masaki
                   Noboyuki!

AYEKA has her hands clasped together.

                                   AYEKA
                   <breathily> Ojisan!

NOBOYUKI drops the pose.

                                 NOBOYUKI
                   Well, I'm off.

He heads out the door.  AYEKA, still holding her hands clasped together, 
visibly gags.

We watch, from high above, as NOBOYUKI walks down the path leading to the 
gates of the Masaki shrine.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   From the descriptions of him that
                   I've been given, Tenchi's father
                   seems a lot like my own -- they
                   both like to project the image that
                   they've been dropped into a strange
                   and unfathomable situation, but the
                   truth of the matter is that they're
                   enjoying every second of it. <beat>
                   But in any event, my story now turns
                   to someone who reminds me of me.

Cut to a shot of a pair of feet in red high-heels, one of which is tapping 
impatiently against a floor.  Between the legs, beyond a ventilator, we 
can see the tarmack of an airport.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   In fact, when I first met her, I
                   wondered if that was what I'd look
                   like if I kept my hair long ...

We see RAYE HINO turn to look over her shoulder, her face locked in a 
frown.  She is dressed in a red jacket over a pale pink shirt, and tight 
black pants.

                                   RAYE
                   It's bad enough he's coming at all,
                   can't he be on *time*?

Our view changes to show MINAKO AINO (jean jacket, yellow blouse, denim 
skirt) and LITA KINO (white overalls over a green blouse) standing a few 
steps behind RAYE.

                                  MINAKO
                   Raye, don't you think you're being
                   just a little too concerned?

                                   RAYE
                   No.  I don't think I'm being
                   "concerned" enough.  <beat>  I can't
                   believe that you invited him to come
                   *visit* ...

                                   LITA
                   Well, he did kind of take me and
                   Mina in out of the kindness of his
                   heart --

                                   RAYE
                   Ha!

                                   LITA
                   -- when we went to Canada a couple
                   months ago.  Don't you think we
                   ought to return the favor?

                                   RAYE
                   Oh, yes, what a brilliant idea.
                   Having escaped his snares --

                                  MINAKO
                   He was never even *around*.

                                   RAYE
                   -- let's invite the monster to come
                   try again on our home ground.  God.

MINAKO and LITA lower their heads in an exasperated sigh.  MINA lifts her 
head first.

                                  MINAKO
                   Raye ... what is *with* you?

                                   RAYE
                   Gee, one of my friends is dating a
                   vampire --

                                  MINAKO
                   <schoolteacher> VampYre.  And it's
                   not really *dating* -- we've talked
                   on the phone a few times ... he's a
                   *really* NICE guy, Raye, if you'd
                   just give him half a chance --

                                   RAYE
                   He'll use whatever hypnosis trick
                   he's used on you to bend me to his
                   will.

                                   MINA
                   <growl> Raye ...!

                                   LITA
                   Raye, come on.  So you sensed evil
                   from Aethan when you met him three
                   years ago ... he's probably done
                   a lot of things he's not proud of
                   in his life, and he's lived an
                   awful long time.

                                   RAYE
                   Correction:  I didn't *just* sense
                   evil from him, I sensed *incredible*
                   amounts of it!

                                   MINA
                   Fourteen *hundred* years, Raye.
                   Don't judge a man until you've
                   hatched!

                                   LITA
                   <winces> That's "until you've
                   walked a mile in his shoes", Mina.

                                   MINA
                   Yeah!  That too!

                                   RAYE
                   What I don't get is why *you're*
                   standing up for him, Lita.  You've
                   never met him, and --

                                   LITA
                   But I *have* spoken to him on the
                   phone.  He seemed like a nice,
                   friendly guy, Raye, and --

                                   RAYE
                   <sarcasm> He reminded you of your
                   old boyfriend?

LITA's face goes very still, and very cold.  She turns abruptly, and walks 
away from where RAYE and MINA are standing.

                                   MINA
                   <angry> Way to go, Raye.  Are you so
                   pissed off about Aethan coming to
                   visit that you forgot that the
                   reason we went to Canada in the
                   *first* place was for Lita to be
                   with her sempai as he died? <shouts>
                   LITA!

She dashes off in the direction that LITA went.  From RAYE's stricken 
expression, she clearly *did* forget that.

                                   RAYE
                   Dammit.

Behind RAYE, outside the window, we see a plane descending to land.

Cut to the inside of WASHUU's workshop.  She is busily typing on her 
terminal.

We see a close up of the plane.  KENT is in one of the window seats, 
looking out.

We see WASHUU typing.

The plane lowers its landing gear.

WASHUU types.

The plane lands.

WASHUU jerks at her seat, standing stock still for a moment.

                                  WASHUU
                   No.  Not here.  Not this country.
                   <despairing> Not this *planet* ...
                   Not while *I'm* here ...

She taps out a certain code on her keyboard.  A holographic sign with the 
word "SEALED" on it appears.

Cut to the outside of WASHUU's laboratory in the Masaki household.  AYEKA 
approaches the distinctively crab-marked door ... just as it vanishes.  
AYEKA blinks, and taps the wall where the door used to be.  Nothing.  
AYEKA slowly turns and walks around to the staircase, looking very 
uncertain.

Cut to the exterior of the Masaki home.  MIHOSHI, dressed in casual 
clothes, walks towards the van parked in the driveway, followed closely by 
SASAMI.

                                  SASAMI
                   Mihoshi-neechan, please make sure
                   that my sister doesn't get into
                   trouble in town?

                                  MIHOSHI
                   Of course, Sasami!  As a Galaxy
                   Police Inspector, I must defend and
                   support the innocent whenever --

SASAMI holds up her small hands.

                                  SASAMI
                   But ... try and stay out of trouble
                   yourself, too, okay?  I don't think
                   oneechan would like being involved
                   in a high speed chase like the last
                   time we went for groceries.

                                  MIHOSHI
                   B-but Sasami -- I'm a Galaxy Police
                   Inspector ... I *have* to --

                                  SASAMI
                   I know, I know ... but ... <thinks
                   fast> ... isn't there something in
                   the Galactic Legal Code about how
                   Inspectors are supposed to make a
                   formal offer of assistance to local
                   authorities before you start helping
                   out?

                                  MIHOSHI
                   <eyes wide> Uh ... well ... I'll
                   have to check.  <beat>  But ...
                   Sasami, if I make a formal offer of
                   assistance to the police in town,
                   won't that break the quarantine?

                                  SASAMI
                   <shocked> You're right, Mihoshi!  Oh
                   dear!  Do you realize what this
                   means?

                                  MIHOSHI
                   Yes!  <beat>  I'll have to ask
                   Tenchi for permission before I make
                   the offer.

SASAMI lowers her head and lets out a deep sigh.

Inside the house, TENCHI is heading for the front door.  He opens it to 
see SASAMI standing beside the van, while MIHOSHI is in the driver's seat.

                                  SASAMI
                   <call> Tenchi-niichan!  Have you 
                   seen oneechan?

                                  TENCHI
                   <call> No ... shouldn't ...

He hears the sound of someone coming down the stairs behind him.  TENCHI
turns to look over his shoulder ... and boggles.  He turns completely 
around.

AYEKA is wearing a black school uniform (if perchance the viewer has seen 
Tenchi Muyo:  In Love, the viewer will recognize the style at once as that 
worn by Tenchi's mother, Achika) as she descends the stairs.  She smiles 
demurely at TENCHI, who is beyond shocked.

                                  TENCHI
                   A-a-a-yeka-san ...

                                   AYEKA
                   I hope that you don't mind my
                   borrowing one of your mother's old
                   school uniforms, Tenchi-sama ... I
                   know how precious her things are to
                   you ...

                                  TENCHI
                   Uh.  Uh.  Uh, w-why?

                                   AYEKA
                   Well, my usual kimono is all right
                   for here -- even if any guests of
                   your father or grandfather should
                   come, I can explain it as the
                   vestments of a shrine maiden for
                   this shrine ... but if I'm going
                   into town, it's hardly appropriate,
                   is it?  <beat> Achika-sama and I
                   were almost the same size ...

                                  TENCHI
                   <blurt> It looks very good on you,
                   Ayeka-san!

AYEKA blushes.  There is the sound of a honking horn.

                              MIHOSHI (O.S.)
                   Ayeka-saaaan!

                                   AYEKA
                   <coughs> Well, I must be off.

She starts towards the door.  TENCHI follows her with his eyes, and just 
as she crosses the threshold, he visibly gathers his courage.

                                  TENCHI
                   Ayeka-san.

AYEKA turns with a hopeful look on her face.

                                   AYEKA
                   Yes, Tenchi-sama?

                                  TENCHI
                   <deep breath> Please try very hard
                   to not damage my mother's dress.

AYEKA's face collapses for a moment, and then she smile strainedly.

                                   AYEKA
                   I will try ...

And then she walks out the door.  TENCHI continues to follow her with his 
eyes.  RYOUKO materializes behind him, her face twisted into a mask of 
jealousy and anger.  Her teeth are clenched, and her fangs prominent.  
TENCHI sighs, and turns in the direction where she happens to be standing.

                                  TENCHI
                   YAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!

Outside, AYEKA sits in the passenger seat of the van, and smiles politely 
at MIHOSHI.  MIHOSHI smiles back sunnily.  They sit still for several 
moments.

                                   AYEKA
                   Mihoshi?  Shall we go?

                                  MIHOSHI
                   Uh-huh!  <beat> As soon as you do up
                   your seatbelt.

AYEKA blinks, and then nods.

                                   AYEKA
                   Yes.  Yes, of course.

She clumsily gets the seatbelt to work, encountering a fair amount of 
difficulty as she does so.  Finally, she is all buckled up, and MIHOSHI 
starts the engine.

Outside the car, SASAMI waves at her older sister, who waves back.  The 
car takes off with a jump forward, driving off the screen.  There is a 
brief squeal of brakes, and then the van begins to back up.  AYEKA is 
wearing a look of utter terror.

                                  MIHOSHI
                   Sorry, sorry!  I *always* forget to
                   put it in reverse, sorry!

>From high above, we see the van eventually get turned around and start 
heading for the open road.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   By the eleventh hour on that first
                   day, things had begun to start
                   moving ... which brings us back to
                   the beginning ...

In the airport, we see KENT approach a bank of phones, carrying his 
luggage in his left hand and wearing the jacket.  He picks up the phone, 
inserts a phone card, and dials a number.

Cut to the Tendou Dojo, where SOUUN is watching RANMA teach the class.  In 
the distance, the phone rings.  SOUUN looks up as he hears the noise.  He 
starts to count on his fingers.  He starts out with seven, drops two 
immediately, slowly lowers two others, and then stares at the three 
fingers he has left.  He looks at RANMA, looks down at his hand again ... 
and then a look of great realization crosses his face.

                                   SOUUN
                   Ah!  Kasumi has gone shopping!

SOUUN pushes himself to his feet, and starts to rush off out of the dojo.  
We see the RANMA look over his shoulder and roll his eyes.

We see SOUUN arrive at the telephone, which has been ringing constantly 
over this, place his hand over the reciever, cough into his fist, and pick 
up the phone.

                                   SOUUN
                   Moshi moshi.  Tendou no dojou.

                               KENT (PHONE)
                   Tendou-san.  I hope I find you well.

SOUUN seems startled to hear KENT's voice, and his mouth spreads in a 
large smile as he does.  He speaks in badly accented English.

                                   SOUUN
                   Mister Masefield!  It is a good day
                   indeed!

                               KENT (PHONE)
                   I am very glad to hear that.  I'm
                   visiting Japan for a few weeks, and
                   I hope that I'll be able to stop by
                   for a visit.

Cut to the airport.

                               SOUUN (PHONE)
                   Visit?  No, no!  I insist that you
                   stay here!

                                   KENT
                   Tendou-san, I couldn't impose on you
                   like --

                               SOUUN (PHONE)
                   Impose?!  Never!  It is the least
                   that I can do for an old student!

                                   KENT
                   <weary> If I don't, you're going to
                   that demon head technique on me when
                   I visit, aren't you?

                               SOUUN (PHONE)
                   I am wounded!  Wounded by your lack
                   of regard for my hospitality!

KENT holds the phone a ways away from his face as the sound of SOUUN 
sobbing his heart out explodes forth from it.  His face is that of a man 
who has been through this several times before.  After a few moments, the 
sobbing dies down to a bearable level, and KENT brings the phone back to 
his face.

                                   KENT
                   Gomen nasai, Tendou-sensei.  I will
                   be honored if you would permit me
                   to rest beneath your roof.

                               SOUUN (PHONE)
                   Ah, but I am honored even more by
                   your presence!

Cut to the Tendou home, where SOUUN is grinning like a maniac.

                               KENT (PHONE)
                   If you insist, Tendou-sensei.

                                   SOUUN
                   When will you arrive?

                               KENT (PHONE)
                   Ano ... maybe an hour, if traffic
                   is as heavy as the last time I
                   was in Tokyo.

                                   SOUUN
                   We shall all be waiting!

                               KENT (PHONE)
                   I am looking forward to seeing you
                   and Rumiko-san again ... until
                   then.

                                   SOUUN
                   <nods> Until th-- <realizes> Ru--
                   Kento-san!

There is an audible click, and a beeping noise ensues.  SOUUN looks 
aghast.

                                   SOUUN
                   Oh dear ...

KASUMI (who at 22 looks even more lovely than she did at 19) walks into 
the kitchen, carrying a large bag of groceries which she begins to 
unpack.  SOUUN comes into the kitchen, looking by turns anxious and 
exuberant.

                                   SOUUN
                   Kasumi.

                                  KASUMI
                   Yes, father?

                                   SOUUN
                   Do you know where Nabiki is?

                                  KASUMI
                   <thinks> She told me that she would
                   be dealing with several of the local
                   businessmen today ... something to
                   do with tomorrow's tegasajutsu
                   tournament.

                                   SOUUN
                   Did she tell you whether or not she
                   would come home for lunch?

                                  KASUMI
                   No, she didn't ...

NABIKI is standing behind SOUUN.  She looks tired, and is dressed in 
fashionable clothes -- a pair of pants, a beige blouse, and a red tie.

                                  NABIKI
                   But I decided to anyway.

SOUUN jumps, his fingers in the "shock" position.

                                   SOUUN
                   Ah!  Nabiki, please don't startle
                   your poor old father like that!

                                  NABIKI
                   <not sorry> Sorry.

                                   SOUUN
                   I need to speak to the two of you,
                   and also to Ranma.

                                  NABIKI
                   About ... ?

SOUUN grins in response.  NABIKI stares blankly at him for a moment ... 
then a look of raw panic suffuses her features.

                                  NABIKI
                   Oh god.  No.  Don't tell me that you
                   agreed to marry one of your *other*
                   daughters to another one of your old
                   friends' sons and he just showed up
                   today ...

                                   SOUUN
                   <verge of tears> Nabiki!  How can 
                   you say such a thing?!

KASUMI comes over and consoles her father.  NABIKI rolls her eyes.  SOUUN 
straightens.

                                   SOUUN
                   No, no prospective fiancee has come
                   calling.  But I would rather wait
                   until Ranma is done with the lesson.

RANMA strolls into the room, having changed out of his gi, taken a quick 
bath, and changed into his usual red chinese shirt and black trousers.

                                   RANMA
                   Well, I am.

                                   SOUUN
                   Ah!  Ranma --

                                   RANMA
                   <ignores him> Pretty good class, I
                   think.  Most of them are getting
                   something out of it.

                                   SOUUN
                   Ranma --

                                   RANMA
                   Only a couple are really good,
                   though.

                                   SOUUN
                   Ranma --

                                   RANMA
                   And I think that Yuusaku guy is
                   crazy.

                                   SOUUN
                   Ranma!

                                   RANMA
                   "I have to be the strongest man in
                   New York?"  What's up with *that*?

SOUUN's head swells up to several times its normal size, his skin turns 
green, and his tongue vibrates in the wake of his yell.

                                   SOUUN
                   RANNNNMAAA!

RANMA looks up at the demon head with vague interest.

                                   RANMA
                   Yo?

SOUUN reverts to normal, and just looks annoyed.

                                   SOUUN
                   I need to speak to the three of you.

A moment later, KASUMI, NABIKI, and RANMA (in that order) are sitting on 
the opposite side of the breakfast table from SOUUN.

                                   SOUUN
                   Ahem.  An old student of the Tendou
                   Ryuu of Musabetsu Kakutou is coming
                   to stay at the dojo for a week.

                                  KASUMI
                   An old student of yours, father?

                                   SOUUN
                   Yes, from America.

                                  NABIKI
                   America?  Wow.

                                   RANMA
                   Just 'cause he's from America
                   doesn't mean he's great or nothing.

NABIKI and KASUMI slowly turn to stare at RANMA.  Then they exchange a 
look.

                                  NABIKI
                   Scary, isn't it?

                                  KASUMI
                   I think it's *sweet*.

                                   RANMA
                   <confused> Huh?

                                  NABIKI
                   Private joke, Ranma.

                                   SOUUN
                   AHEM.  This student's name is
                   Kenneth Masefield.

                                  KASUMI
                   <startled> Mr. Masefield?

                                   SOUUN
                   <pleased> You remember him, Kasumi?

                                  KASUMI
                   Oh yes!  <to NABIKI and RANMA> He
                   lived here when I was four, and you
                   were only two years old, Nabiki.
                   I didn't know that he was one of
                   Father's students, but I suppose
                   it's not surprising -- he was so
                   kind, and gentle, and brave, and
                   handsome, and --

                                  NABIKI
                   This explains *so* much ...

                                   SOUUN
                   Yes, he was a good friend to both
                   me and to ... <trails off, head
                   bowed>

RANMA starts to roll his eyes in disgust.  SOUUN looks up, holding back 
the tears.

                                   SOUUN
                   ... to my beloved wife and our
                   children.

RANMA is visibly startled.

                                   SOUUN
                   And that is why I have gathered you
                   here.  After Mr. Masefield left the
                   dojo, I lost track of him, and so he
                   does not yet know of ... our loss.  
                   I believe that he will be shaken by
                   this event, and not wish to intrude
                   on our grief.  But he has been too
                   good a friend to the Tendou family 
                   -- of which you *will* one day be a
                   part, Ranma --

RANMA looks as though he is going to momentarily protest, but finally 
settles down.

                                   SOUUN
                   -- to let him go elsewhere for 
                   lodging.  So, I would ask the three
                   of you to spare no effort to make 
                   him feel welcome in our home.

                                   RANMA
                   <sarcastic> Excuse me, honored
                   father, but this *isn't* my home ...
                   so what --

                                   SOUUN
                   Ranma, I ask only that you make him
                   feel welcome in the dojo.  If he
                   should wish to spar, you should spar
                   with him.  <evil grin> I think that
                   you will find the experience to be
                   one of great interest to one of your
                   skills.

                                   RANMA
                   <not sure what to make of that> Uh,
                   right.  So when does he get here?

                                   SOUUN
                   Very shortly ...

Cut to the airport waiting lounge.  RAYE has been joined again by MINA, 
LITA (who is standing as far from RAYE as she can), AMY (wearing a blue 
jacket over a white shirt and blue skirt), DARIEN (wearing his trademark 
green jacket, black shirt, and grey trousers) and SERENA (wearing her 
black and white high school uniform).

                                   RAYE
                   So when does he get here?

                                   MINA
                   Very shortly ... I saw that his
                   plane had just arrived.

                                  SERENA
                   Do I have time to get another ice
                   cream?

DARIEN looks embarrassed, while RAYE glowers at her.

                                   RAYE
                   Sure.  Fatten yourself up for the
                   monster --

                                  SERENA
                   RAAAAYE!  Why are you being so mean
                   to Mina's boyfriend?!

RAYE gets in SERENA's face.

                                   RAYE
                   <whisper> Because her boyfriend is a
                   VAMPIRE, you *idiot*!

SERENA promptly sticks her tongue out at RAYE, who retaliates in the same 
way, signalling the start of yet another one of RAYE and SERENA's tongue 
wars.  The others watch with an almost jaded attitude.

                                    AMY
                   I asked Reenie once if they were
                   still doing that in Crystal Tokyo.
                   She told me that I didn't really
                   want to know the answer to that
                   question ...

                                   MINA
                   In other words, yes?

                                    AMY
                   She seemed to be implying that, yes.

                                   LITA
                   Depressing thought ...

SERENA finally breaks off the war.

                                  SERENA
                   Well, I don't care if he is a ...
                   one of those things.  If Mina likes
                   him, that's good enough for me.
                   And it ought to be good enough for
                   *other* people, even perpetual
                   grouchin' machines.

RAYE snorts and looks away.

                                  SERENA
                   And now, I feel proud of myself for
                   having stood up for my friend's
                   boyfriend, so I shall reward myself.
                   <beat> A nice hot fudge sundae will
                   do nicely.

She dashes off, not watching where she's going -- and slams into AETHAN 
DEGALES, who is wearing his usual gray trenchcoat.  They are both knocked 
down.  AETHAN recovers first.

                                  AETHAN
                   Ms. Tsukino.  We *must* stop meeting
                   like this ...

MINA rushes over to help AETHAN to his feet, while DARIEN does the same 
for SERENA, and the others gather around.  RAYE stares hostilely at AETHAN 
as MINA gives him a big hug.

                                   MINA
                   You're here!  You're really here!

                                  AETHAN
                   Well, yes.  <beat> Did you think I
                   would be elsewhere?

                                   MINA
                   <grins wryly> Smart ass.

                                  AETHAN
                   Ladies ... and gentle*man*.  Most of
                   you I know by reputation, at least.
                   <to LITA> Ms. Kino and I *almost*
                   met in Vancouver ...

                                   LITA
                   And I'm sorry we didn't.  That would
                   really have made that trip more
                   interesting.

                                  AETHAN
                   <sympathetic> Yes ... um, my much
                   belated condolences, by the way.

                                   LITA
                   <sad smile> Thanks.

                                  AETHAN
                   <to AMY> And you are Ms. Mizuno, if
                   I'm not mistaken.

                                    AMY
                   Correct.  I'm glad to make your
                   aquaintance, Mr. DeGales.

                                  AETHAN
                   Ms. Tsukino and I met briefly the
                   last time I visited Japan --

                                   RAYE
                   <shocked> What?

                                  AETHAN
                   She was shopping with Minako-chan
                   and they ran into me.  <beat> Well,
                   *she* did ...

                                  SERENA
                   Okay, okay, okay, no need to drag
                   things like that up ...

                                  AETHAN
                   And you are ... Ms. Hino, correct.

                                   RAYE
                   <short> Yes.

AETHAN stares at RAYE with a confused expression, which she returns as an 
almost angry glare.

                                  AETHAN
                   <shrugs> Very nice to meet you.

                                   RAYE
                   <heavy sarcasm> Likewise, I'm sure.

AETHAN blinks before turning to look at DARIEN who is standing behind 
SERENA.

                                  AETHAN
                   <hesitant> And ... you ... you are
                   ... um ...

                                  DARIEN
                   I'm Darien Chiba.

                                  AETHAN
                   Ah yes!  Cape Boy!

DARIEN flinches, MINA blushes heavily, while everyone else stares.

                                  AETHAN
                   <confused> What?  <beat> Mina, when
                   you said that you all called him
                   that --

                                   MINA
                   *Kind* of a joke ...

                                  AETHAN
                   Oh.  Uh ... my apologies ...

                                  DARIEN
                   Never mind, no big deal. <beat> Um,
                   I take it that you *know* ...

                                  AETHAN
                   Yes.  <beat; global> You need not
                   worry, however; I've much practice
                   in keeping secrets.  Yours are
                   safe with me.

                                   LITA
                   Of course they are!  We trust you,
                   *don't* *we*, *Raye*?

RAYE is idly fiddling with one of her ofuda behind her back.

                                   RAYE
                   <flat> Sure.

Cut to the parking lot of a supermarket, as AYEKA and MIHOSHI walk out, 
carrying large bags of groceries as they walk to the van.

                                   AYEKA
                   Are you sure that we got everything,
                   Mihoshi?

                                  MIHOSHI
                   Yep!  I wish we hadn't forgotten the
                   list, but I'm pretty sure that I
                   remember everything that was on it.

They put the groceries in the back of the van, and MIHOSHI hops into the 
driver's seat.  AYEKA appears to be thinking very intently as she walks 
around to the passenger's side.  Just as MIHOSHI starts the van --

                                   AYEKA
                   Mihoshi!  I just remembered!

                                  MIHOSHI
                   Huh?  What?

                                   AYEKA
                   <fast> Sasami told me to pick up
                   something that she had forgotten to
                   put on the list that she gave you.

                                  MIHOSHI
                   She did?  What was it?

                                   AYEKA
                   <stumped> Uh ... well ... <inspired>
                   Haggis!

                                  MIHOSHI
                   Oh, wow!  I've never even heard of
                   that ... is it any good?

                                   AYEKA
                   Well, I've never had it either ...
                   and we won't unless I go get it!

                                  MIHOSHI
                   I can --

                                   AYEKA
                   No, no, Mihoshi, I should have
                   remembered, so I'll go get it.  You
                   just stay right here until I come
                   back.

AYEKA smiles sunnily at MIHOSHI, who smiles right back.  Then AYEKA hops 
out of the car, and heads off towards the market.

                                  MIHOSHI
                   Gee ... she's so nice to help me out
                   like this.

MIHOSHI does not notice AYEKA stealthily heading out of the market almost 
immediately after she went in.

We cut to the ticket window of a train station, and watch as AYEKA buys a 
ticket for Tokyo, and boards the train a few moments later.  She watches 
the country side flit past as she sits in her seat, a nervous expression 
on her face.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   I can only imagine what that train
                   ride -- the first that she'd ever
                   taken, according to her -- was like
                   for Princess Ayeka.  <beat>  By this
                   point, I was almost finished packing
                   my luggage for my own trip home.
                   I still had no idea what was going
                   on there -- for some reason, my
                   father completely forgot that I
                   would be coming back the next day,
                   and so hadn't called me to tell me
                   about our guest.

A taxi cab pulls up to the gates of the Tendou home, and KENT steps out, 
his suitcase in his hand.  He approaches the gates, and ****.  The door 
flies open, and SOUUN stands there, beaming, with tears flowing down his 
face.

                                   SOUUN
                   AH!  KENT MASEFIELD HAS AT LAST
                   RETURNED TO MY HUMBLE DOJO!

KENT doesn't even blink at SOUUN's rampant overemotionalism.  He bows, 
politely.

                                   KENT
                   Konbonwa, sensei.  You are well, I
                   hope.

                                   SOUUN
                   Indeed, yes!  Come in, come in!

KENT follows SOUUN into the house, admiring the garden.

                                   KENT
                   Nothing's changed ...

                                   SOUUN
                   <nervous> I wouldn't say that.

                                   KENT
                   Well, everything looks more or less
                   as I remember it --

Off to the side, there is a sudden splash.

                                   KENT
                   What was that?

RANMA (now female and drenched) and NABIKI come around the side of the 
house.

                                   RANMA
                   <irritated> I can't believe you
                   *did* that!

                                  NABIKI
                   Your fiancee paid for quite a few
                   dunkings.  Just business, nothing
                   personal.

                                   KENT
                   Ah, this must be Nabiki.

SOUUN nods enthusiastically, while NABIKI is brought up short by the 
comment.  RANMA snorts, unsurprised.

                                  NABIKI
                   Uh ... Mr. Masefield?

                                   KENT
                   Yes, Nabiki-san.

                                  NABIKI
                   How ... how did you recognize me?
                   I mean, I was only two years old
                   when you were here ...

                                   KENT
                   Yes ... the "terrible twos".
                   <reminiscent> Most children go
                   Go through a period where all they
                   say is "NO!" when anyone says
                   anything to them.  You were going
                   through that stage when I was here.
                   <beat> Except all you said was,
                   "Pay me!"

NABIKI looks horrified.  RANMA looks nonplussed.

                                  NABIKI
                   <weak> That was an attempt at humour
                   ... right?

                                   KENT
                   Well, you did it a small number of 
                   times.

NABIKI sighs with relief.

                                   KENT
                   When I was present, at least.

NABIKI looks faintly ill.  KENT turns to look at RANMA.

                                   KENT
                   And ... you're ... Akane?

                                   RANMA
                   <snort of laughter> Uh ... no.  No.
                   I'm Ranma, Akane's fiancee.

Dead silence descends on the area.  SOUUN looks up at the sky in a 
mournful manner.  KENT turns slowly to look at him.

                                   KENT
                   I had no idea you were so broad-
                   minded, Sensei.

                                  NABIKI
                   <sweetly> Oh, Ranma-chan ...

RANMA remembers, and face faults.

                                   KENT
                   Well, it's not that big a deal, if
                   your daughter is --

                                   SOUUN
                   Nonono!  You see, Ranma is cursed!

                               KASUMI (O.S.)
                   Just a moment.

KASUMI, wearing a *spotless* apron, her best slippers, and a small amount 
of make-up (MUCH more than she usually wears) comes out of the house 
carrying a kettle, which she promptly splashes on RANMA.  The well-known 
transformation takes place.  KENT blinks.

                                   KENT
                   Well, well ... very interesting.

                                  KASUMI
                   Konbonwa, Masefield-san.

KENT turns his attention to KASUMI, and smiles politely.

                                   KENT
                   Konbonwa, Kasumi-ch-- No, I should
                   call you "Kasumi-san", now.

                                  KASUMI
                   <rapid> No, no, if you would rather
                   call me Kasumi-chan, please do so,
                   for are you not our guest?

                                   KENT
                   <confused> All right ... but then
                   you should call me by my personal
                   name as well.

KASUMI takes a deep breath.

                                  KASUMI
                   K-k-k-k-kent.

RANMA and NABIKI are staring at this, slightly apalled.

                                   RANMA
                   <whisper> She's acting like Tofu did
                   whenever she was around.

                                  NABIKI
                   <whisper> Has he been released from
                   that sanitorium yet?

KENT turns back to SOUUN.

                                   KENT
                   So, Sensei, where is --

                                   SOUUN
                   <boisterous> Well, don't stand out
                   here in the garden, come in, come
                   in!

KASUMI takes another deep breath.

                                  KASUMI
                   <gently reprimanding> Father.

SOUUN pauses in his attempts to push KENT into the house as he stares 
confusedly over his shoulder at him.  SOUUN coughs into his hand.

                                   SOUUN
                   Masefield-san ... I must admit
                   something.

                                   KENT
                   What?

                                   SOUUN
                   My wife ... my dear, dear wife ...

Tears are flowing down SOUUN's face, and KENT looks at him in shock.

                                   KENT
                   Sensei ... can it be that Rumiko-san
                   has ...

SOUNN nods once, and KASUMI and NABIKI solemnly bow their heads.

                                   KENT
                   ... has left you?

SOUUN nods again, while NABIKI looks up with the sick expression of one 
who can see a train wreck about to happen.

                                   KENT
                   I know that your arguments were at
                   times intense, but --

SOUUN looks up, horrified.

                                   KENT
                   -- I never in my life dreamed that
                   Rumiko-san would *divorce* you,
                   or --

NABIKI and RANMA both lower their heads, making disgusted noises.

                                   SOUUN
                   NO!!! Not that kind of leavetaking!

KENT suddenly understands.

                                   KENT
                   She is ... oh, Sensei, forgive me!
                   Had I known, I --

                                   SOUUN
                   <nods> I regret that you did not
                   give us an adress where you could
                   be reached, Kent-san ...

                                   KENT
                   But ... Sensei, I did.  <beat>  I
                   remembered, on my last day in
                   Japan, that I hadn't given you a
                   way to stay in touch, so I tried
                   to reach you, but ... you were
                   out.  So I got in touch with your
                   friend, Mr. Saotome, and gave him
                   a paper with my address on it,
                   and --

                                   SOUUN
                   AGGGGH!

Cut to a brief shot of the Tokyo Zoo Panda Enclosure.  A rather large 
panda appears to sneeze.

Cut to RANMA leading KENT (who has hung up his jacket) into the dojo.  
KENT looks around, with a fond expression on his face. 

                                   RANMA
                   So what do you do, anyway?

                                   KENT
                   Hm?

                                   RANMA
                   In America.  What do you do?

KENT appears to give the question a great deal of thought.

                                   KENT
                   I ... I work for the government.

                                   RANMA
                   Doing what?  <beat> No, wait, lemme
                   guess ... you could tell me but then
                   you'd hafta kill me.

                                   KENT
                   <sincere> Yes.  <beat> So you're
                   going to inherit this dojo?

                                   RANMA
                   Yep.  <beat>  What do you practice?

                                   KENT
                   Oh, a little bit of a lot of things.
                   A bit of kickboxing, some capoeira.
                   I got started learning Jun Fan Kung
                   Fu ...

                                   RANMA
                   Jun Fan?  <thinks>  Hey, wasn't that
                   the one that --

                                   KENT
                   Yep.  That's why I got interested in
                   "Anything Goes".  

                                   RANMA
                   Huh.  <beat> Wanna spar?

KENT gives the question some thought, then shrugs.

                                   KENT
                   All right.  I'm a bit out of 
                   practice, though.

RANMA assumes a ready stance.  KENT slowly, and with the same movements as 
in his dream, removes his glasses, setting them down on the floor 
alongside the wall.

                                   RANMA
                   <semi-mocking> You can see all right
                   without those, right?

                                   KENT
                   <very calm> Yes.  Whenever you're
                   ready.

And the sparring match begins.  Initially, RANMA is holding back quite a 
bit, out of overconfidence -- after all, his opponent is older, has bad 
sight, and has described himself as being out of practice.  A few minutes 
into the fight RANMA begins to re-assess the situation; KENT hasn't laid a 
blow on him, but he hasn't been able to score a significant hit either.  
RANMA frowns, and ups the intensity of his assault just a bit.  KENT is 
blocking or dodging everything RANMA throws at him.  His style is a bit 
less flamboyant than RANMA's usual means of fighting, but considering that 
they're indoors, RANMA isn't doing most of his usual acrobatics.

Cut to the dining room, where SOUUN is listening with a pleased air to the 
sounds of the fight in the distance.  NABIKI is munching at an apple.

                                  NABIKI
                   So this Kent guy is good?

                                   SOUUN
                   Oh yes.  Ranma will get quite an
                   education out of this.  The boy
                   needs a lesson in humility.

                                  NABIKI
                   He's that good?  Seriously?

                                   SOUUN
                   The best student I ever taught.

                                  NABIKI
                   Huh.  <beat>  So, you think he
                   can win, even if Ranma pulls out
                   his special maneuvers?  Like, say,
                   his ... what's it called again?
                   Hiryuu Shoten Ha?

SOUUN starts.  The kiai noises from the dojo are getting even louder, as 
if the fight is growing more and more intense ...

                                  NABIKI
                   Be a shame if the dojo was blown up
                   as part of a lesson in humility.

SOUUN grows very pale, and stands.

                               RANMA (O.S.)
                   KACHUU TENSHIN AMURIGAKEN!

SOUUN starts running out of the room.  NABIKI watches with vague interest.

                                  NABIKI
                   <bored> On the other hand, when you
                   think about the insurance we have on
                   that part of the house --

                                KENT (O.S.)
                   [SECOND HAND OF THE PHOENIX!!!]

NABIKI starts at the words shouted in Cantonese.

Cut back to the dojo.  RANMA is performing the Tenshin Amaurigaken, and 
staring in shock as KENT's hands move just as fast, blocking every punch.  
RANMA finally disengages and steps back to start something else, and KENT 
does a fairly spectacular jumping spin kick that comes within a milimeter 
of RANMA's nose.  RANMA jumps back, now *very* wary, his red battle aura 
much in evidence.  KENT's aura is also glowing, but less intensely.  It is 
gray.

Outside the doors to the Dojo, SOUUN arrives at a run.

                               RANMA (O.S.)
                   Okay.  No more foolin' around.
                   MOUKO --

SOUUN flings open the door.

                                   SOUUN
                   RANMAAAAA!

                                   RANMA
                   TAKIBASHA!

The bolt of Ranma's ki leaps forth from his hands.  KENT's eyes grow wide 
in shock as it comes toward him.  He holds out his hands ...

... and the "Roaring Lion Bullet" slams into those hands, forcing KENT's 
elbows to bend under the pressure.  His teeth clench, and sweat runs down 
his forehead as he struggles to keep his arms steady against the force of 
the shrinking ball of vital energy -- and slowly but surely loses the 
struggle.  The "Bullet" is no larger than a ping-pong ball when his arms 
finally press into his chest, throwing him backwards into the wall of the 
dojo.  There is a loud crunch, and KENT slowly slides to the floor, his 
head slumped.

RANMA has been watching this with an amazed expression.  For a moment, he 
and SOUUN stand in shock at what has just transpired.

Then KENT lifts his head, and makes a vague sigh/gasp of relief/pain.  His 
eyes are very blurry.

                                   SOUUN
                   KENT!

                                   KENT
                   <dazed> Dit shomeone git the number
                   of dat freight drain?

SOUUN and RANMA both rush forward.  KENT's eyes start to clear.

                                   SOUUN
                   <outraged> RANMA!  THAT WAS THE MOST
                   IRRESPONSIBLE --

                                   KENT
                   Sensei?

                                   SOUUN
                   -- FOOLISH ACT OF PETTY --

                                   KENT
                   Tendou-san.

SOUUN is distracted from his harangue of RANMA.

                                   KENT
                   I'm okay.  I was a little out of it
                   for a while, but I'm okay now.

KENT slowly pushes himself to his feet, his slow and delicate movements 
giving his words the lie -- he's obviously in some amount of pain.

                                   KENT
                   That was probably the best work-out
                   I've had in ages ...

                                   SOUUN
                   Are you sure you're all right?

                                   KENT
                   <weary> Sensei, you *know* that I'm
                   a fast healer.  I didn't break
                   anything, so I should be completely
                   fine in a few hours, assuming I get
                   some rest.

                                   SOUUN
                   Very well. <abruptly bursts into
                   tears> Ah, Masefield-kun, the shame
                   I would have known had you perished
                   within my home, on the first day of
                   your visit to Japan, no less!

KENT gives RANMA a bemused look.  RANMA looks back at KENT in shock.

Cut to the inside of the baths.  RANMA is already seated in the tub, 
casting occasional glances over his shoulder.  The faint sound of 
scrubbing can be heard, followed by a splash.  Then a pair of feet walk 
over to the tub, and KENT steps in, giving the obligatory buttshot.  He 
settles down into the tub with an *immense* sigh of pleasure.

                                   RANMA
                   Ummm ...

                                   KENT
                   <eyes closed> Yes?

                                   RANMA
                   Those ... little round scars on your
                   chest.  Are those from bullets?

                                   KENT
                   I think so.  It was a long time ago.

                                   RANMA
                   Man ... what kind of --

                                   KENT
                   You had it right the first time,
                   Saotome-san.

RANMA blinks, and then screws up his face to think.  Then he realizes.

                                   RANMA
                   "You could tell me, but then you'd
                   have to kill me?"

                                   KENT
                   Or make sure that you wouldn't tell
                   anyone else in some other way.

                                   RANMA
                   But if that's the kind of life that
                   you've been leading, then --

                                   KENT
                   <opens eyes; annoyed> Then what?

                                   RANMA
                   Then you should've been able to wipe
                   up the floor with me!  I mean --

                                   KENT
                   Kid, you're better'n me.  It's just
                   that simple.  I'm good, but you're 
                   tougher, faster, you know more wild 
                   stuff than I do, and you're younger.
                   <beat> Hell, if I'd been as good as 
                   you are when I was your age ... on
                   second thought, let's not talk about
                   that.

                                   RANMA
                   But you shoulda been able to pick up
                   more stuff, if you've been leading
                   that kind of a life for --

                                   KENT
                   Let me guess, your life has been one
                   long martial arts duel, right?

                                   RANMA
                   Uh, pretty much.  I've been training
                   since I was about three --

                                   KENT
                   <rubs forehead> Hoo boy.

                                   RANMA
                   <cocky> -- and I've been pretty much
                   the best around here for the last
                   three years.  <beat> Well, except
                   for the Old Ghoul and the Old Lech.

                                   KENT
                   <blinks> I refuse to say "Huh?".
                   <beat> Well, anyway, while I *have*
                   been at this for longer than you've
                   been alive, I didn't start as early
                   as you, and not everyone that I've
                   run up against has been a martial
                   artist.  Some have had other ways of
                   doing things that were just as
                   deadly.

                                   RANMA
                   <snort> Yeah, right.  A true martial
                   artist can take anybody --

KENT slaps the side of his chest where RANMA was gazing earlier.

                                   KENT
                   These say you're wrong, Ranma.  The
                   arts are invaluable, but they can't
                   win every fight.  <beat>  Suppose
                   that someone sent a ninja after you.

                                   RANMA
                   I'd fight 'em.

                                   KENT
                   But ninjas don't engage in standup
                   fights.  They use stealth and
                   trickery to get close to their
                   victim and strike a lethal blow.

                                   RANMA
                   But you learn to anticipate attack
                   when you're a martial artist.

                                   KENT
                   Yes, but that doesn't always work.
                   I mean, you didn't notice that there
                   was a ninja over there until I said
                   so, right?

RANMA spins around to look where KENT indicated, obviously startled.  From 
behind a convenient cloud of steam steps KONATSU, carrying a steamer such 
as beekeepers use.

                                  KONATSU
                   <icily polite> Good day, Saotome
                   Ranma.

                                   RANMA
                   <relieved> Oh.  It's just you,
                   Konatsu.

KENT mouths the words "it's just you" with a confused expression.

                                  KONATSU
                   Indeed.  <beat>  Just me.

                                   RANMA
                   Haven't seen you in a long while.
                   Whatcha been --

KONATSU produces a scroll from somewhere in hir blouse.

                                  KONATSU
                   I am bid to give you this message,
                   Saotome Ranma, written by the hand
                   of your fiancee, Kuonji Ukyou.

                                   RANMA
                   <very startled> Ucch-- <beat> Ukyou?

                                  KONATSU
                   Indeed.  Ukyou-sama.  <tears>  Take
                   the scroll, Saotome Ranma, take it
                   that I might leave your presence
                   and return to bathe in hers as I
                   tell her of its arrival in your
                   hands, and recieve the greatest
                   gift in all the world -- the words
                   "Good work," from Ukyou-sama's lips.

RANMA, who snatched the scroll somewhere around "Take the scroll" and 
started to read it, ignoring KONATSU, looks up suddenly.

                                   RANMA
                   Uh, I really don't think Ukyou wrote
                   this, Konatsu.

                                  KONATSU
                   <startled> Wh-wh-at?

                                   RANMA
                   Well, for starters, Ukyou would
                   never start a letter off with "I
                   love you, I love you, Ukyou-sama,
                   I know that it's wrong, but --"

KONATSU lets out a girlish cry of shock, and grabs the scroll from RANMA's 
hand, colouring as s/he quickly ascertains its contents, then grabbing 
another scroll from hir blouse.  A quick check, and then it is handed to 
RANMA, who reads it.  KENT is watching this exchange with a confused yet 
amused expression.

                                   RANMA
                   So Ukyou wants to meet with me,
                   huh?

                                  KONATSU
                   <cool> If that is what she wrote,
                   that must be what she wishes.

RANMA is silent for a long moment.

                                   RANMA
                   So how's she doing?

                                  KONATSU
                   <guarded> Never better.

                                   RANMA
                   <annoyed> Come on, Konatsu, the last
                   time I saw her was over a year ago 
                   at the wedding.  Where's she been?
                   The Ucch-- her restaurant was closed
                   last time I checked there, but now
                   she's back?  What's been going --

                                  KONATSU
                   It is not for me to say, Saotome
                   Ranma.  If you would know, come and
                   speak with her.

RANMA stares at KONATSU's unmoving face.

                                   RANMA
                   Okay.  Tell her I'll come down
                   tomorrow, after the tournament.

                                  KONATSU
                   I shall.

                                   RANMA
                   <evil grin> Unless you'd like me to
                   write it on a scroll so there'd be 
                   a chance you'd screw up and give 
                   your declaration to her?

KONATSU gazes at RANMA with something akin to hatred in hir eyes.

                                   RANMA
                   So why didn't she send it by way of
                   okonomiyaki, anyway?

                                  KONATSU
                   <controlled> She was concerned that
                   you would be upset in rememberance
                   of the okonomiyaki which she brought
                   to your aborted wedding.

                                   RANMA
                   Huh.  Makes sense ... anyway, see
                   you around, Konatsu.

                                  KONATSU
                   Not if I see you first, Saotome
                   Ranma.

KONATSU releases another burst of steam from the can, and when it 
disperses s/he is gone.

                                   KENT
                   What an interesting young man.

RANMA nods, and then does a double take.

                                   RANMA
                   Wait a minute.  Young *man*?  How --

                                   KENT
                   Well, it's kind of obvious from the
                   ... you know -- and the ... well,
                   you know ...

                                   RANMA
                   No.  I *don't* know.  I never knew 
                   until after I found out that he was
                   a guy.  How do you *know*?

                                   KENT
                   I ... I thought it was obvious,
                   really.

                                   RANMA
                   Just a minute.

RANMA stands up, and steps out of the shot.  There is a sudden splash.  
KENT's eyes bulge.

                            RANMA (FEM) (O.S.)
                   Okay, male or --

                                   KENT
                   <mortified> Please put some clothes
                   on.

Cut to the interior of a manga shop in Jyuuban.  It is the Japanese 
equivalent of a "hole-in-the-wall" comic book store run by a fan -- in 
this case, an overweight, sweaty otaku who is busily reading "I *Will* 
Forgive You", an *extremely* ecchi parody of the magical girls fighting 
team genre.  He doesn't even look up as the bell rings announcing the 
arrival of a customer, nor when the customer's shadow falls across him.

                               AYEKA (O.S.)
                   Excuse me.

The OTAKU looks up with a bored expression, which quickly turns into a 
leer as he sees AYEKA's face and figure.

                                   OTAKU
                   Yeeeeeesss?

                                   AYEKA
                   <nervous> Um ... I was wondering if
                   you have any tankoubon of the
                   "X-Files"?

                                   OTAKU
                   "X-Files".  Ah yes, we do.  It's an
                   okay book --

                                   AYEKA
                   <politely> Thank you.

She heads off to look in the stacks for it, but the OTAKU keeps talking.

                                   OTAKU
                   -- but that's not what aliens are
                   really like.

                                   AYEKA
                   <uninterested> Oh really.

She starts to search the titles.

                                   OTAKU
                   No, they'll probably be more like
                   the Angels.  Or maybe like the
                   Demon Beasts!

                                   AYEKA
                   I'm sure that I wouldn't know.

                                   OTAKU
                   <shocked> Hast thou never seen
                   "Demon Beast Invasion"?

                                   AYEKA
                   <semi-desperate> Can't say that I
                   have.  Why don't you --

                                   OTAKU
                   <warm to topic> The Demon Beasts are
                   the original inhabitants of this
                   world, but it long ago ceased to be
                   suitable for them to live on, so
                   they left.  But in this age, they
                   have returned with a way to make
                   this world fit for them.

AYEKA is suddenly interested ... this sounds somewhat familiar.

                                   AYEKA
                   And that way is?

                                   OTAKU
                   <eyes glowing> By taking human women
                   and RA--

                                RAYE (O.S.)
                   AHEM.

AYEKA and the OTAKU look over at RAYE, who is standing in the doorway with 
a disgusted expression.

                                   OTAKU
                   <cowed> Hi-hino-san.

                                   RAYE
                   -san.  I believe that I told you
                   that recounting the storyline of
                   "Demon Beast Invasion" was not
                   nice, nor a good way to keep your
                   customer base intact.

                                   OTAKU
                   <terrified> Uh ... well, she asked
                   for it.

                                   RAYE
                   <blinks; to AYEKA> You *asked* for
                   a description of one of the most
                   perverted anime ever made?

                                   AYEKA
                   <upset> CERTAINLY NOT!  I was only
                   trying to ... ahem, I have no
                   interest in that sort of thing at
                   all.  I will leave at once.

                                   OTAKU
                   But -- but -- but, miss, what about
                   the manga you *were* aft--

                                   AYEKA
                   <scornful> I've no doubt that I can
                   acquire a copy of the X-Files in a
                   different store, which store will
                   have a proprietor who treats his
                   customers with *respect*.

She storms out the door, leaving RAYE behind.  RAYE waves "bye-bye" with a 
cold, satisfied smile, and heads out after her.

                                   OTAKU
                   <despairing> Out of all the manga
                   shops in all the world, why does she
                   have to *keep* coming into mine?

He doesn't notice the ofuda pasted to his shop door.

Outside, AYEKA is walking away with an embarassed expression on her face.  
RAYE catches up with her.

                                   RAYE
                   Listen, there's a *much* better
                   store not too far from here.  I'm
                   pretty sure that you'll be able to
                   find whatever it is that you're
                   after there.

                                   AYEKA
                   <*slightly* suspicious> Ah.  Thank
                   you.

                                   RAYE
                   No problem.  I really hate that
                   jerk back there ... he's such a pig.
                   He used to go out of his way to
                   scare his female customers by coming
                   onto them ... until he tried it with
                   me. <evil grin>

                                   AYEKA
                   Why would he be so foolish as to
                   try and drive away half of his
                   customers?

                                   RAYE
                   Like I said, he's a chauvinist pig.
                   He'd probably prefer it if girls
                   were barefoot and illiterate, and
                   the only reason he doesn't complete
                   the triangle is that he's a wuss in
                   that department.

A fair amount of that goes over AYEKA's head.  She smiles confusedly and 
nods.  RAYE stares at her a bit oddly, then notices her uniform.

                                   RAYE
                   I don't recognize your colours.  
                   What school do you go to?

                                   AYEKA
                   <panicked> I ... I am here in Tokyo
                   on a field trip.

                                   RAYE
                   Oh, cool!  My class went to Osaka
                   for our trip.  <mock yawn; beat> So
                   you want me to show you this store?
                   It's right by this place where I'm
                   headed anyway.

                                   AYEKA
                   That would be very nice.  <bow>
                   Masaki Ayeka.

                                   RAYE
                   <bow> Hino Raye.  Pleased to meet
                   you.  Come on.

RAYE indicates the direction that they should go with a nod of her head, 
and starts off.  AYEKA follows, with a surprised expression on her face.  
We change to a view of them from above.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   It's important to realize that
                   Princess Ayeka's exposure to people
                   from Earth up until this point had
                   been more or less limited to Tenchi,
                   whom she preferred to see as a
                   Jurain, and his father, whom she
                   basically viewed as a nuisance.  The
                   handful of visitors to the secluded
                   Masaki shrine hadn't really given
                   her any idea what ordinary people
                   were like.  <beat>  Raye Hino is an
                   incredible contradiction at times --
                   she likes to present the image of

                   being haughty and even mean-hearted,
                   but she is actually very kind and
                   friendly. <beat> If she reminds me
                   of me, sometimes, she reminds me of
                   Ranma a lot too.  <beat> Speaking of
                   whom --

Cut to a shot of RANMA taking *great* pains to eat slowly, almost as 
though he's pacing himself ... which isn't too surprising when one 
considers the huge banquet that is set on the Tendou table.  NABIKI is 
seated beside him, staring at the huge outlay with small eyes.  SOUUN is 
eating with dignity and decorum and drinking a lot of sake.  KASUMI is 
staring at KENT with an anxious expression as he chews a bit of sukiyaki.  
He swallows, and turns to meet KASUMI's gaze.  A long silent moment 
passes.

                                   KENT
                   Delicious.  Beyond any doubt, some 
                   of the finest sukiyaki that I've ever
                   tasted.

                                  KASUMI
                   <thrilled> Really?

NABIKI and RANMA are watching this exchange with faintly ill expressions.

                                   KENT
                   <very solemn> Kasumi-san, in all my
                   years, I have tasted better sukiyaki
                   than this once.  <beat> And do you
                   know who made *that* sukiyaki, 
                   Kasumi-san?

                                  KASUMI
                   Mother ...

KENT lowers his head ... in embarassment, we realize a moment later, as 
SOUUN has begun to bawl once more across the table.  He recovers fairly 
quickly.

                                   RANMA
                   So, anyway, what exactly was Mrs.
                   Tendou like?

SOUUN begins to tear up again.

                                   RANMA
                   I can't get a straight answer from
                   anyone here, you see.

                                   KENT
                   Rumiko-san ... well, as I've just
                   said, she was one of the best cooks
                   I've ever known.  She could make
                   anything taste good.

He smiles at NABIKI.

                                   KENT
                   Most Japanese housewives handle the
                   family finances --

Everyone looks at SOUUN who is sobbing.

                                   KENT
                   -- for ... lots of reasons.  But
                   Rumiko-san was even better than
                   normal at it.  She was also one of
                   the best *accountants* I've ever
                   known.

NABIKI looks a strange combination of startled and pleased at this 
knowledge.

                                   KENT
                   She wasn't really interested in
                   martial arts.

RANMA nods decisively.  A tiny crayon drawing appears over his head.  A 
little figure marked MRS. TENDOU -- who looks frighteningly like AKANE -- 
is dressed up in a gi and tries to break a playing card with a chop.  Her 
hand rebounds and is very swollen and red.

                                MRS. TENDOU
                   <tinny> OWIEOWIEOWIEOWIEOWIE!

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   Baka.

KENT's next words shatter RANMA's dream.

                                   KENT
                   Which was probably for the best.  I
                   hate to admit it, but Rumiko-san
                   had a *terrible* temper.

RANMA looks shocked.

                                   KENT
                   If she *had* had training in the
                   arts ... she would have been an
                   unstoppable elemental force!

RANMA has another vision of a crayon version of the dojo in ruins, and 
MRS. TENDOU chasing SOUUN around with a huge mallet.

                                MRS. TENDOU
                   <tinny> SOUUN NO BAKA!

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   If I'd been there, listening to this
                   and watching Ranma's expression, I
                   probably would have followed my
                   mother's example at this point.

                                   KENT
                   But she was usually justified in her
                   outbursts -- forgive me, Sensei, but
                   you tended to do a lot of things to
                   irritate Rumiko-san very easily.

SOUUN looks up with a tearful expression.

                                   SOUUN
                   <solemn> Yes.  You need not ask for
                   forgiveness, Kent-san, what you say
                   is far too true.  <sob> Oh, I would
                   give anything to hear her yelling
                   at me for a fool once more!

                                  KASUMI
                   <crying> Oh father!  Oh mother!

                                  NABIKI
                   <deadpan> Oh God I'm never getting
                   married, *ever*.

                                   RANMA
                   <mutter> Great, I hadda get the one
                   who got the temper.  <beat> Could
                   things get any worse?

The sliding door to the dining room slams open, revealing a VERY angry 
HAPPOSAI.

                                   RANMA
                   <mutter> I just HAD to ask.

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   SOUUN!

                                   SOUUN
                   Ah!  Master!  What a pleasant --

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   You have insulted and dishonored
                   your master!  Moreso than I have
                   ever been dishonored before!

                                   RANMA
                   Hey, jiji.  What're you talking
                   about?

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   A year ago it was!  Then did I
                   seek to slake my thirst on a
                   jug of water which had been set
                   aside for me, as befits my status
                   and reputation.

                                KENT (O.S.)
                   Kasumi-san, who is this person?

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   And what was done to me after I had
                   slaked my thirst?  Foul hands were
                   placed upon my person, and I was
                   cruelly prodded to force me to
                   regurgitate my drink.  I took an
                   appropriate vengeance -- and for
                   that was I punished further.

HAPPOSAI points at SOUUN, doing a mediocre job of impersonating the wrath 
of God.  This next sequence is dominated by HAPPOSAI's face and upper 
body.  He either ignores or pretends to ignore the comments interspersed 
with his rant.

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   And then did *this* *one* set upon
                   me in a moment of weakness --

                               RANMA (O.S.)
                   How come nobody told me about this?

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   -- beguiling me with a faded but
                   still great beauty --

                               SOUUN (O.S.)
                   Your mother asked me not to.

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   -- and seized me and bound me in
                   chains I dared not break, for fear
                   of destroying something of precious
                   value!

                               NABIKI (O.S.)
                   So that's what happened to all our
                   underwear.

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   I was then placed in a shipping box,
                   and sent on a slow boat to China!

                               NABIKI (O.S.)
                   Why not airmail?

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   And thence to Jyusenkyou!

                               NABIKI (O.S.)
                   Oh, right.  "Thrift."

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   Condemning me to the foulest of foul
                   fates!

                                KENT (O.S.)
                   Jyusenkyou is where Ranma was cursed,
                   right?

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   For in the letter attached to the
                   crate was adressed to the Guardians
                   of Jyusenkyou!

                                KENT (O.S.)
                   I think I can guess where this is
                   going now.

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   And it read "When the springs settle
                   down, please drop this crate in --"
                   I shudder to even think it!

                               RANMA (O.S.)
                   Oh, man, couldn't you think of
                   something better to do than give him
                   my curse so that he'd be occupied
                   with groping himself all the time?

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   "-- in the spring of the drowned
                   EUNUCH!"

Dead silence.

                               RANMA (O.S.)
                   O-kay, forget I said anything.

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   Fortunately, you reckoned without
                   the naivete of the younger Guardian
                   of those Cursed Springs.

                               RANMA (O.S.)
                   Oh, man, he went after Plum?  That's
                   just sick.

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   Believing me to be a confused and
                   senile fool --

                               NABIKI (O.S.)
                   My what a stretch.

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   -- she freed me from my chains, and
                   I rewarded her with a gentle pat on
                   the head, and was off to seek my
                   revenge!  You will bow down before
                   me, Souun!  Bow!

SOUUN whips around, the devil's head in full swing.

                                   SOUUN
                   Never!

HAPPOSAI is startled by this sudden display of spine.  SOUUN returns to 
normal, and stands to stare HAPPOSAI down.

                                   SOUUN
                   For a year you lived here, engaging
                   in your perversions, terrorizing my
                   daughters, intimidating me, and
                   freeloading on our home!  No more,
                   Happosai!  No more!  Hencefore, YOU
                   SHALL PAY RENT!

Dead silence descends as RANMA, NABIKI, KENT, and (yes, even) KASUMI stare 
at SOUUN with odd expressions on their faces.

                                  NABIKI
                   Dad, he has no income.

Neither SOUUN nor HAPPOSAI give any sign of having heard.

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   So?  And how will you enforce this
                   new law upon me, *student*?

                                   SOUUN
                   I have with me now the two greatest
                   students of the Musabetsu Kakutou
                   whom I have ever trained!  Alone
                   each is your equal!  Together, they
                   will bring you to heel!

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   Ha!  You are drunk, *student*!  So
                   you see double, for there is only
                   Ranma here, and --

                                   SOUUN
                   In fact no, master, I have not
                   touched sake all evening!

                                  NABIKI
                   Now that's a lie.

                                   SOUUN
                   Behold the other greatest student
                   of Anything Goes Martial Arts --
                   <points> KENT MASEFIELD!

KENT finishes chewing something, and swallows.

                                   KENT
                   Hi, pleased to meet you.

HAPPOSAI stares at KENT with saucer wide eyes.  He looks up at SOUUN.

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   <very quiet> Souun ... my boy ... 
                   you joke with your poor master,
                   right?  In hope of averting my 
                   terrible wrath upon you and your 
                   house by teaching me to laugh once
                   more?

                                   SOUUN
                   No, *master*, I --

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   <furious> YOU TAUGHT THE SECRETS OF
                   THE ARTS TO ONE OF *THEM*?

Everyone blinks.

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   <furious> TO AN AMERICAN?

KENT sets down his chopsticks, and starts to clean himself up.

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   It cannot be ... that we have
                   forgotten this much.  That we have
                   forgotten what they did!

                                   SOUUN
                   <genuinely uncomfortable> Master,
                   that was so long ago ...

KENT begins to stand.

                                   KENT
                   I cannot blame him for his anger,
                   Sensei.  Perhaps I should l--

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   We cannot have forgotten how they 
                   LET THEIR WOMEN *BURN* THEIR *BRAS*!

Dead silence once more.  KENT sits.

                                   KENT
                   Then again, maybe I can.

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   If we had not known that they were
                   uncultured barbarians, that would
                   have proven it!

RANMA stands up.

                                   RANMA
                   Oh, for pity's sake --

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   Ah, Ranma m'boy!  You will eject
                   this boorish outsider, won't you?

                                   RANMA
                   "Boorish outsider" meaning you?

RANMA cracks his knuckles.

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   <shocked> Ranma ... you cannot mean
                   to take the part of this gaijin
                   against your master?

                                   RANMA
                   First, you ain't my master.  Second,
                   I don't need to be taking anybody's
                   part to have a reason to kick your
                   butt.  Third, nobody here cares
                   about underwear war crimes but you!
                   And as for the "gaijin" bunk, jiji,
                   I've fought this guy.  He's good, 
                   not as good as me, but it's got 
                   nothing to do with where he's from.
                   <beat>  I have one hell of a lot 
                   more respect for him than I do for 
                   you, master or no!

HAPPOSAI looks genuinely shocked.

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   I was wrong.  I was wrong when I
                   said that I had never been so
                   insulted as when I was punished
                   in that way.  *NOW* I have never
                   been so insulted and dishonored.

HAPPOSAI leaps up into the air.

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   HAPPODARIAKIN!

The bomb flies out of his hand towards the table --

And everything freezes, turning a cold shade of blue.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   Even now, after I know how Kent
                   Masefield was able to do what he
                   did then, it stuns me.

The only things in the room that are not the same cold blue are KENT's 
eyes.  They flicker up to the Happodariakin that is hovering beneath 
Happosai's arm.

                                KENT (V.O.)
                   Bomb.

His eyes flicker to the left.  Something catches his attention, and he 
blinks.

                                KENT (V.O.)
                   Yes.

He blinks again.

Everything begins to move again, in VERY slow motion.  KENT begins to jump 
to the left the instant motion begins, as the bomb drops with mercurial 
slowness.  We see the shock on NABIKI's face, the disappointment of 
KASUMI, the horror on RANMA and SOUUN's faces, and the savage exultation 
that HAPPOSAI is clearly feeling.

And then KENT slowly stands up, holding a broom, which he swings, as 
though he were moving through thick water, towards the bomb as it falls.  
The combs of the broom smack into the Happodariakin, sending it looping 
back out of the dining room, through the still open sliding door that 
leads to the garden.

Everything speeds up to normal.  The Happodariakin explodes harmlessly in 
the garden.  HAPPOSAI lands on the table, startled.  He looks around.

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   Boom?  Where boom?

RANMA grabs him, his face a mask of rage.

                                   RANMA
                   <shouted> BOOOM!

HAPPOSAI blinks.

                                   RANMA
                   You sick, twisted, evil little man!
                   Do you have any idea what you almost
                   *did*?  <shouted> The CODE!  WE DO
                   *NOT* USE SPECIAL TECHNIQUES ON
                   THOSE WHO CAN'T FIGHT BACK!

                                  KASUMI
                   <blinks> Oh.  I'm sorry, ojiisan,
                   Nabiki and I should have left when
                   you began shouting.  <beat> I think
                   that I will faint now.

And she does.

                                   RANMA
                   God, Plum was right, you *are* a 
                   senile idiot!

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   <warningly> Ranma ...

RANMA walks out into the early evening air.

                                   RANMA
                   Get the hell away from here, and
                   never come back, you *freak*!

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   <furious> Ranma, you will take that
                   back, or I will wreak a terrible --

RANMA dropkicks HAPPOSAI into the air.  HAPPOSAI goes sailing off into the 
sky.

                              HAPPOSAI (O.S.)
                   -- VEEEEEANNNNGEAAAANCE!

                                   RANMA
                   <snort> Yeah, right.

NABIKI is still seated stock-still at the table.  Her eyes resemble 
saucers.

                                  NABIKI
                   He tried to --

                                   KENT
                   <calming> But he didn't, and he's
                   gone now, Nabiki-san.  It's all
                   right, isn't it, Sensei?

KENT turns to look at SOUUN ... who fainted some time ago.  KENT quite 
visibly bites something back.  NABIKI comes unsteadily to her feet.

                                  NABIKI
                   I think I'm gonna go make like
                   'neechan and dad ... but up in my
                   room ...

RANMA comes back in and plops himself down to finish his dinner.

                                   RANMA
                   Okay.  If you're not gonna finish
                   your sukiyaki, can I --

KENT stares at RANMA, appalled.

                                  NABIKI
                   <dazed> Sure, Ranma ...

                                   RANMA
                   No charge?

                                  NABIKI
                   <explodes> No *shit* there's no
                   charge you goddamn insensitive
                   baka hentai *bastard*!

RANMA is a bit startled by NABIKI's vehemence.  She slowly walks away as 
he and KENT stare.

                                   RANMA
                   Geez ...

                                   KENT
                   <mild> Ranma, out of curiousity, do
                   your encounters with that person
                   usually end with you kicking him
                   away as he screams vengeance?

                                   RANMA
                   <rueful> Yeah, pretty much.

                                   KENT
                   <edge creeping in> And he usually
                   comes back?

RANMA pauses before the food gets to his mouth.

                                   RANMA
                   Uh ... yeah.  Every time.

                                   KENT
                   So, in other words, there's a fairly
                   good chance that he'll come back
                   this time too?

KENT glares at RANMA for a few moments, then stands and heads out after 
NABIKI.  RANMA is still for a bit after that.

                                   RANMA
                   Shit.

KENT catches up with NABIKI as she's going up the stairs.

                                   KENT
                   Are you going to be all right?

                                  NABIKI
                   <aghast> Of *course* I'm not.  A
                   deadly master of ancient martial
                   arts has just sworn vengeance on
                   my father's house, and that includes
                   me.  <beat>  I have *got* to get
                   out of this place.

                                   KENT
                   You're an adult.  Why are you still
                   living here?

                                  NABIKI
                   <deep sigh> Whenever I thought about
                   the future, I always saw myself as
                   a financial bigshot.  <beat>  But
                   it's a hell of a long way from being
                   the school gossip monger and selling
                   photos to per-- people, to being on
                   Fortune's Five Hundred.  I'm making
                   money, but not enough to live on my
                   own *and* finance my education.
                   <beat> Can I ask you something?

                                   KENT
                   It seems a fair exchange.

                                  NABIKI
                   <blinks> Uh ... anyway, what was
                   the code that Ranma was yelling at
                   the old freak about?

                                   KENT
                   It's a discipline that most of the
                   really powerful martial artists of
                   the world subscribe to.  It's more
                   of a code of proper conduct than
                   any sort of moral code ... one of
                   its tenets is that it's improper
                   to use special fighting techniques
                   against someone who can't use
                   something roughly equal. <beat> I
                   don't know when it started, but
                   it's the reason that a lot of
                   martial artists train in remote
                   places -- so non-martial artists
                   won't get hit by a stray hadouken
                   or something like that.

                                  NABIKI
                   So what happens to people who
                   break this code?

                                   KENT
                   Nobody who follows it will train or
                   spar with them.

NABIKI looks at him expectantly.  He looks back with an expressionless 
face.

                                  NABIKI
                   <flat> That's it?

KENT nods.

                                  NABIKI
                   <flat> They don't attempt to punish
                   the violator?

                                   KENT
                   Being excluded from honorable
                   competition is thought to be --

                                  NABIKI
                   That is a *dumb* code.

                                   KENT
                   <shrugs> It's the only one we've
                   got.

                                  NABIKI
                   <snorts> Well, I'm going to go
                   try and not have a nightmare filled
                   sleep now.  You can go back and be
                   all solicitous to Kasumi, now.

                                   KENT
                   Solicitous?

NABIKI gives him a weary, disgusted look.

                                  NABIKI
                   <mincing> "The best sukiyaki I've
                   ever tasted"?  What, like you're
                   some conoisseur of sukiyaki?

                                   KENT
                   I don't claim to be a conoisseur,
                   but --

                                  NABIKI
                   Unless they've got kickass sukiyaki
                   restaurants in ... where are you
                   from again?

                                   KENT
                   I was born in Kansas, but I moved to
                   New York when I was a few years old.
                   These days I live in --

                                  NABIKI
                   I don't *care*.  <beat>  You're
                   trying to pull something on my
                   sister ... how many times can you
                   have had sukiyaki, anyway?

KENT slowly steps up closer to NABIKI.

                                   KENT
                   For the first, I'm not.  Your older
                   sister has a crush on me, and I'm
                   trying to deal with it as best as I
                   can.  But her cooking is marvelous.
                   And as for the second ... I think I
                   had sukiyaki for the first time when
                   your father was only about four
                   years old.

                                  NABIKI
                   Oh, come on ... you're only, what,
                   thirty, thirty-five?

                                   KENT
                   <shakes head> I'll be fifty on July
                   first of this year. <beat> I age
                   very well, but my family's just like
                   that.

NABIKI is startled.

                                  NABIKI
                   No way.  You can't be -- you've got
                   to be lying.

                                   KENT
                   I don't lie.

                                  NABIKI
                   You and every politician in the --

                                   KENT
                   Nabiki.  I don't lie.

NABIKI stares at him, scared a bit.

                                  NABIKI
                   <whispered> What are you?

                                   KENT
                   <whispered> Just a traveller, that's
                   all.  I've been other things, but
                   all that I am now is a traveller.

NABIKI swallows and starts to head up the stairs.

                                   KENT
                   You don't have to worry about the
                   old man, Nabiki.  He only wants
                   revenge on Ranma and me.  You can
                   sleep peacefully.  <beat>  But if
                   you have any dreams about this
                   Kunou fellow, try and work out of
                   them, he doesn't seem like a
                   healthy person to be attracted to.

NABIKI halts in midstep, and turns back to look ... but KENT has already 
walked away silently.

Cut to a shot of an outdoor cafe, with AYEKA and RAYE sitting and enjoying 
some nice iced tea, and laughing their heads off.  An X-FILES tankoubon is 
held in AYEKA's hand.

                                   AYEKA
                   ... but the good part was watching
                   her doing the dishes for a month!
                   HAHAHA!

                                   RAYE
                   Heheeh!  Oh, wow, that's funny!  I
                   wish life at our temple was anywhere
                   nearly as interesting.

                                   AYEKA
                   Oh, don't sell yourself so short.
                   That account of the young man there
                   and how he became so maniacally
                   jealous when he saw you with that
                   ... very *handsome* woman was
                   just as amusing.  <beat; wicked>
                   And he sounds *very* ardent, too.

                                   RAYE
                   Oh yeah.  <beat>  But ... he's just
                   not my type.  <a bit sad>  I'm still
                   looking for my type.

                                   AYEKA
                   <somber> Well, I've found him.  Now 
                   if we could just find time to be 
                   together without interruptions.

                                   RAYE
                   Yeah.  It's terrible when people just
                   ... won't leave you in peace to be
                   with the one you really care about.

                                   AYEKA
                   <heated> And then try to monopolize
                   him and steal him away!

RAYE nods, solemnly.  AYEKA looks for a moment like she's about to start 
ranting ... then collapses.

                                   AYEKA
                   If I could only be *sure* of how he
                   felt.

                                   RAYE
                   Let me guess, he keeps everything
                   under a tight lock and doesn't even
                   hint at how he feels?

                                   AYEKA
                   Nnnno ... not really.  <beat>  It's
                   just that he's so different from
                   what I was expecting.  I thought
                   that love, when if finally came to
                   me, would be a great, mighty, proud
                   hero. <beat> And what I got was an
                   ordinary, gentle, humble, sweet
                   man. <beat> But brave.  Very, very
                   brave ... just as brave as the hero
                   of my dreams.  <beat> Maybe braver.

RAYE's eyes are far away.

                                   RAYE
                   Love always surprises ... you think
                   that someone is the last person on
                   Earth that you'd ever want to be
                   with ... and one day you'd realize
                   that you'd give anything to be able
                   to say how you really feel.  And it
                   scares you to think how much you
                   love ...

                                   AYEKA
                   Yes.  <beat>  But I can't be forceful
                   about it, or he'll think I'm just as
                   bad as *she* is ...

There's a sudden beeping noise.  AYEKA starts.

                                   RAYE
                   Oh!  <checks wrist> Sorry, my watch 
                   is set to go off every night at 
                   seven, to remind me that I have to 
                   do a ceremony.  But Chad said he'd
                   do it for me, tonight, so I'll let
                   him --

                                   AYEKA
                   <sharp> Seven o'clock?

RAYE nods.

                                   AYEKA
                   Oh dear.

Cut back to the street by the supermarket.  MIHOSHI has started to eat the 
groceries as she stares nervously at the doors of the supermarket.  A man 
comes out lock the doors, and then walks away.

                                  MIHOSHI
                   <tearful> I think something's wrong.

Cut back to the cafe as AYEKA stands quickly, startling RAYE.  She drops a 
few coins on the table.

                                   AYEKA
                   I'm very sorry, Hino-san, but I have
                   to hurry, or I'll get in trouble
                   with ... my tour group.

                                   RAYE
                   Yeah, I understand.  Ayeka-san?

                                   AYEKA
                   Yes?

                                   RAYE
                   Um ... well, I sometimes do fire
                   readings for romance ... if you
                   could come by the temple while
                   you're in Tokyo, I'd be glad to
                   find out if this Tenchi guy
                   really does love you.

                                   AYEKA
                   Oh.  Uh ... well, I'll try, but I
                   have such a busy schedule!  So,
                   I can't really say.  I will try,
                   though.  Thank you for all your
                   help, Hino-san.

                                   RAYE
                   No problem.

                                   AYEKA
                   <dashing off> Good bye!

                                   RAYE
                   Bye ...

RAYE smiles suddenly.

                                   RAYE
                   Nice girl.  Really ... a little
                   *stiff*, but...

AYEKA dashes through the streets of Tokyo, coming at last to the ticket 
window of a train station.  She gasps for air.

                                   AYEKA
                   Huh ... hwh ... hwhen does the next
                   train for ******** leave?

                               TICKET CLERK
                   Last train already left.  Doesn't
                   start again til tomorrow morning,
                   around 5.

                                   AYEKA
                   WHAAAAAAAAAAT?

Cut to the TENCHI household, with TENCHI standing in the doorway looking 
anxious.

                                  TENCHI
                   Dammit ... Mihoshi-san and Ayeka-san
                   should have been back by now ...

There's the sound of a phone ringing in the house.  TENCHI turns and runs 
back into the house, but SASAMI gets to the phone before he does.

                                  SASAMI
                   <concerned> Moshi moshi? <beat>
                   Mihoshi-neechan!  Where are you?
                   <beat> What?  Mihoshi ... Mihoshi,
                   I can't understand you ... please,
                   Mihoshi, stop crying!

She stares at the phone for a moment, then looks up at TENCHI with a 
pained expression.

                                  SASAMI
                   Tenchi-niichan, could you ...?

TENCHI smiles wearily, and takes the phone.

                                  TENCHI
                   Mihoshi-san?

The *wail* that comes from the phone at that point is so intense that 
TENCHI holds the phone away from his ear and looks rather dazed for a 
moment.  He brings it back up as the wail subsides.

                                  TENCHI
                   Mihoshi-san, what's wrong?  <beat>
                   No, Mihoshi, I'm not ... No!  I
                   promise that I won't yell at you.
                   <beat> I *promise*.  <beat> No, I
                   won't pinky swear, because we can't
                   link our pinkies over the *phone*,
                   Mihoshi.  Please, just tell me what
                   has happened, so that I can --

TENCHI is silent for a long time as he listens.

                                  TENCHI
                   What?!  No, Mihoshi, I'm not yelling
                   at you.  <beat>  Really!  <beat>
                   Mihoshi, just come home.  <beat> No,
                   nobody here is mad at you.  Just
                   come home, so we can figure out what
                   happened together, okay?  <beat>
                   Yes, see you soon.

He hangs up, avoiding looking at SASAMI.

                                  SASAMI
                   <hesitant> Tenchi-niichan?

                                  TENCHI
                   <slowly> Sasami-chan, your sister
                   went into the supermarket to get
                   some food that they'd forgotten to
                   get the first time they went in ...
                   and she never came out.  <beat>  And
                   the store is closed now, and Mihoshi
                   is in a panic.

                                  SASAMI
                   <shocked> Oneechan?

                                  TENCHI
                   Don't worry, Sasami ... I promise you
                   that nothing is going to happen to
                   your sister --

Cut to WASHUU's laboratory.  She is working furiously at her console, a 
terrified expression on her face.  A monitor displays what is going on 
with TENCHI and SASAMI.

                             TENCHI (MONITOR)
                   -- is going to happen to your sister
                   because ... because she doesn't have
                   anything to be afraid of --

                                  WASHUU
                   <manic> Boy are *you* wrong. <deep
                   breath> Okay.  Okay.  For once,
                   Mihoshi's dumb luck is working on my
                   side, blocking Ayeka's call home
                   like that, too bad for her but hey
                   can't play koshi without killing a
                   few storns.  And a simple button
                   will mangle her phone card when --

She idly casts a look at the monitor, and sees TENCHI holding onto SASAMI, 
who is crying freely.  TENCHI is only barely holding back his own tears of 
fear.

                                  WASHUU
                   <convincing self> I have to do it.
                   <beat> We can't get involved, I'm
                   just trying to protect you all,
                   Ayeka has made her own bed --

Her hand is hovering over a button, but she doesn't look at it, staring at 
the monitor instead.  RYOUKO materializes on the scene.

                             RYOUKO (MONITOR)
                   Hey, what's wrong?

                             TENCHI (MONITOR)
                   Ayeka has ... vanished, Ryouko.

There is a brief silence.

                             RYOUKO (MONITOR)
                   And?

                             SASAMI (MONITOR)
                   <furious> RYOUKO!

RYOUKO holds up her hands.

                             RYOUKO (MONITOR)
                   Hey, hey, calm down, I'm joking!

                             SASAMI (MONITOR)
                   <furious> IT'S *NOT* FUNNY!

The phone rings.  WASHUU realizes that she still hasn't pressed the 
button.  On the monitor, RYOUKO picks up the phone.

                             RYOUKO (MONITOR)
                   Mo-- <beat> AYEKA?

                                  WASHUU
                   No ...

                             RYOUKO (MONITOR)
                   Where *are* you?

                                  WASHUU
                   NO!

WASHUU stabs down the button.

                             RYOUKO (MONITOR)
                   Tokyo?! <beat> Hello?  Ayeka?

                             TENCHI (MONITOR)
                   Ryouko, what --

                             RYOUKO (MONITOR)
                   It got disconnected!

                                  WASHUU
                   I'm sorry, I'm sorry, daughter, but
                   you don't know what you're getting
                   into if you go to Tokyo right now.
                   The price is too high ...

Cut to a gray, formless place.  TSUNAMI stands before a portal, watching 
WASHUU.

                                  TSUNAMI
                   <whispered> Oh, Sister, you know not
                   what you do ... this makes it all 
                   inevitable.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   If it was hard to write calmly about
                   what happened with my family the
                   night before I came home, it is
                   harder yet to write about what
                   Washuu-chan calmly admitted to doing
                   to Ayeka-san, or what Sasami-chan
                   told me about Tsunami.  I don't
                   think I'll ever understand how these
                   godlike beings can find themselves
                   so helpless ... but in any event ...

Cut to a park bench in Tokyo, later on in the evening.  AETHAN and MINAKO 
are sitting close together, looking up at the sky.

                                  MINAKO
                   I wish we were out in the country.
                   Then we'd be looking up at the stars
                   instead of all this light pollution.

                                  AETHAN
                   Truely.

                                  MINAKO
                   You know ... my parents are out of
                   town again ... so you could stay at
                   my place, instead of that hotel.

                                  AETHAN
                   <grinning> I doubt that the guardian
                   of your virtue would approve.

                                  MINAKO
                   <blush> Artemis can go take a hike
                   on a short pier.  I mean, just
                   because you're at my house doesn't
                   mean anything would happen ...

                                  AETHAN
                   Minako, I appreciate the offer, but
                   I've already booked the hotel room
                   for a week, and it would be terribly
                   rude to cancel now.  <beat> Besides,
                   I'd rather not have to share a
                   bathroom with you ...

                                  MINAKO
                   Well, how are you gonna cope when
                   we're living together?

AETHAN gives MINAKO a slightly shocked look.

                                  AETHAN
                   When was *this* decision made?

                                  MINAKO
                   Well, I mean ... look, I think that
                   I love you --

                                  AETHAN
                   I love you too, but --

He is suddenly crushed by MINAKO's wild embrace, and she kisses him with 
passion.  AETHAN's eyes are wide.  This goes on for several minutes before 
she releases him.

                                  AETHAN
                   <trying to regain composure> -- but
                   don't you think that you're moving
                   just a little too fast?  <quick>
                   Evidently not.

                                  MINAKO
                   Aethan, I've told you about Crystal
                   Tokyo, right?  How I'm going to be
                   alive a thousand years from now?

                                  AETHAN
                   <slowly> Yessss?

                                  MINAKO
                   Well, ever since we met, I've been
                   giving it a lot of thought.  I don't
                   want to fall in love with someone
                   who's going to die hundreds of years
                   before I do ... and you don't age.
                   I want a man who will always be with
                   me and our chil--

                                  AETHAN
                   <gentle> I'm sterile.

MINAKO blinks a few dozen times.

                                  MINAKO
                   <confused> What?

                                  AETHAN
                   Minako, I cannot father children.

                                  MINAKO
                   Are you sure?

                                  AETHAN
                   Very sure.  I spent the better part
                   of twenty years trying without
                   success, several hundred years ago.

                                  MINAKO
                   Really?

                                  AETHAN
                   <impatient> Would you like details?

                                  MINAKO
                   No!  No.  <beat>  Well ... that's
                   not such a big deal.  You're still
                   the only person I want to spend
                   eternity with --

                                  AETHAN
                   Yes.  *Now.*

                                  MINAKO
                   What?  What do you mean?

                                  AETHAN
                   <sigh> Minako, I'm over fourteen
                   hundred years old, and in those
                   centuries I've changed more than I 
                   would have thought possible.  At 
                   *this* point, now, you love me.  Can
                   you be sure that you still will in
                   a thousand years time?  <beat> I've
                   never seen anyone whose love lasted
                   that long.

                                  MINAKO
                   But I *have*!  And yes, I *do*
                   believe that in Crystal Tokyo I will
                   still want to wake up and have you
                   be the first thing that I see.

AETHAN reaches out and takes her hand in his.

                                  AETHAN
                   And I want to believe that, too, but
                   the point is --

The point is in fact lost to history as an ofuda streaks out of the 
darkness and slams into AETHAN's face, right between the eyebrows.  MINAKO 
stares at it, confused.  AETHAN slowly reaches up to tear the scroll off 
of his face, and stands, his fangs clearly in evidence.

                                  AETHAN
                   Do you *mind*?

RAYE is standing a few feet away.

                                   RAYE
                   Stopping you from putting the moves
                   on my friend?  Not at all, gaki.

                                  AETHAN
                   Oh, gods' sakes ...

MINAKO also stands, her face very angry.

                                  MINAKO
                   Raye!  You promised that you weren't
                   going to do this sort of thing!

                                   RAYE
                   I said I wouldn't do it unless he
                   showed signs of getting out of
                   control.  He was --

                                  MINAKO
                   He was *holding* *my* *hand*.

                                   RAYE
                   Sure, first he holds your hand, then
                   he's clasping your shoulder, then
                   it's down your shirt --

                                  MINAKO
                   <shocked> RAYE!

                                  AETHAN
                   <fed up> Good night, Minako.

He starts to walk away.

                                  MINAKO
                   Good n-- wait a minute!

                                  AETHAN
                   No, Minako-chan, I've had a very
                   long day, and I need my rest.  I'll
                   give you a call tomorrow morning,
                   say sevenish, all right?

                                  MINAKO
                   But --

                                  AETHAN
                   Ja ne.

AETHAN suddenly turns to mist, which flows away.

                                   RAYE
                   He even *runs* like a Negasleeze --

MINAKO looms over RAYE.

                                  MINAKO
                   RRRRAAAAYE!

                                   RAYE
                   Hey, I'm just looking out for you --

                                  MINAKO
                   The hell you are!  Do you think it's
                   not as obvious as a fiddler on the
                   roof what you're doing?

                                   RAYE
                   Obvious as a what?

                                  MINAKO
                   Are you so *jealous* that you can't
                   stand the thought of me finding
                   someone to be with?

                                   RAYE
                   <perplexed> Jealous?!

                                  MINAKO
                   Yes!  Jealous!  Serena has Darien!
                   Amy has Greg!  Lita has ... anyway,
                   this is the only relationship I've
                   had with a guy other than my *cat* 
                   for over four years, and you're 
                   trying to ruin it because *you*
                   don't have anyone!

RAYE stares at MINAKO with a shocked look.

                                   RAYE
                   Girl, you are *so* far out of it
                   that it's not even funny.

                                  MINAKO
                   Oh, am I?  Oh, *am* I?

                                   RAYE
                   Yes, you are!

                                  MINAKO
                   Fine.  Then stay the hell away from
                   my lover!  Who he is or what he is
                   are none of your business!

She storms away.  RAYE stands alone for a moment.

                                   RAYE
                   <strangled> Lover?!

The scene begins to shift to an aerial view of the city.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   And so, almost all the players were 
                   on the field, though only a small
                   handful knew that the field existed.
                   There remained only two final events
                   of relevance to this story on that
                   first night, each tied intimately
                   to the other.  They began in the
                   vicinity of a certain temple in
                   Nekomi.

Cut to the front of the temple in question, then to the garage.  MORISATO 
KEIICHI heads towards his motorcycle, zipping up his jacket as he does 
so.  He climbs on.

                                  KEIICHI
                   <call> Belldandy?

                             BELLDANDY (O.S.)
                   Coming, Keiichi-san!

She walks out, wearing a fashionable skirt and blazer, and slides easily 
into the sidecar.  KEIICHI and BELLDANDY share a quiet smile before he 
guns the motor, and heads out towards the temple's main doors, which URD 
-- wearing a microminiskirt and halter -- is holding open.  KEIICHI pulls 
to a stop just before heading out to speak to her.

                                  KEIICHI
                   Um, Urd ... I don't want you to
                   think that I don't trust you to not
                   fight with Skuld --

                                    URD
                   Fight?  Me?  Would I do that?

KEIICHI's long-suffering expression gives all the answer anyone could ever 
need for that particular question.

                                  KEIICHI
                   -- well, anyway, I'd like to see the
                   temple in one piece when we get back
                   from our date.

                                    URD
                   Of course!  Don't worry about a 
                   thing, K-1.  You two just have fun!

KEIICHI still looks nervous, but BELLDANDY is smiling sunnily as they 
drive off.  URD waves.

                                    URD
                   <whisper> And have wild kinky sex
                   while you're having fun ... ah, if 
                   only Urdesiac Number 98 was ready 
                   to go.

URD wanders back into the temple, and spies SKULD working hard on 
KEIICHI's scratchbuilt computer.  The monitor displays what looks like a 
map of Tokyo with a number of blinking dots on it.  URD heads over.

                                    URD
                   <affectionate> Hey, brat, whatcha
                   doin'?

                                   SKULD
                   My *job*.  You remember, what we
                   *should* be doing instead of wasting
                   time with Keiichi -- and in your
                   case, aiding and abetting his
                   efforts to get his hentai hands on
                   Belldandy?

URD is interested despite herself.

                                    URD
                   So those are concentrations of bugs?

                                   SKULD
                   <shakes head> Uh uh.  Worse.  Even a
                   concentration of bugs with about the
                   same density as a planet wouldn't
                   produce these kinds of readings --
                   these are nexi of improbability.

                                    URD
                   Ooh baby baby!  I remember those ...
                   aren't they supposed to be little
                   pockets of chaos left over from the
                   time of the Elder Gods?

                                   SKULD
                   Supposedly.  <beat>  If you're dumb
                   and superstitious enough to believe
                   in the Elder Gods, at least.

URD and SKULD trade hairy eyeballs.

                                   SKULD
                   Anyway, what's *really* odd about
                   the particular nexi that I'm
                   tracking is that they seem to be
                   mobile, although they have ...
                   places that they "like" to be.
                   Take this one in Jyuban, for
                   instance -- it moves around a lot
                   during the day, but during the
                   evenings it seems to stay at *this*
                   location. <points>  But the even
                   *scarier* one is this one in Nerima
                   -- it wasn't there when I checked
                   yesterday, but there was a *smaller*
                   one in that same location, and it
                   seems to be combining with that one.

                                    URD
                   How do you know that it's not just
                   the same one that got bigger for
                   some reason?

                                   SKULD
                   Because if a nexus of improbability
                   started growing at an exponential
                   rate -- which it would *have* to in
                   order to become that big -- every 
                   divinity in Heaven would be down 
                   here trying to contain it, and I'm
                   *pretty* sure that we would have
                   been ordered back home by now.  So
                   no such luck ...

                                    URD
                   So now what?  You gonna just boot
                   this information upstairs?

                                   SKULD
                   Well, only First Class Divinities 
                   are supposed to do investigations of
                   nexi of improbability.

                                    URD
                   In other words we should get
                   Belldandy to do it.

                                   SKULD
                   Right.

                                    URD
                   Yawn.  Boring.  The two of us can
                   handle it --

                                   SKULD
                   Oh no you don't, Urd!  If you wanna
                   get yourself in more trouble with
                   the Almighty than you already are,
                   go right ahead, but include me out!

                                    URD
                   <sly> Welllll, when you put it like
                   that ...

                                   SKULD
                   <suspicious> What?

                                    URD
                   I guess we'll just have to tell
                   Belldandy all about it when she gets
                   home from her date tonight ... who
                   knows, maybe we'll even be able to
                   check it out this very night ...

                                   SKULD
                   <VERY suspicious> Uh-huh ...

                                    URD
                   Keiichi will probably insist on
                   coming along though.  <beat> You
                   know, if I recall correctly, my
                   first major discipline violation
                   involved a small nexus ... yeah!
                   It was in a nexus of improbability
                   that I first met that hunk Sobekh
                   and lost my --

SKULD plugs her ears.

                                   SKULD
                   I do not want to *hear* this story!

                                    URD
                   <goes for the kill> Wouldn't it be
                   great if Keiichi and Belldandy wound
                   up in a nexus together and got
                   inspired to --

                                   SKULD
                   Okay!  Okay!  OKAY!  I'll help you
                   out, just quit putting disgusting
                   images in my head!

                                    URD
                   <muttered> Game, set, and match.
                   <aloud> Okay, let's go out to Nerima
                   tomorrow then.

Cut to high above the Temple.  MARA -- a pale-skinned woman with a 
symetrical tatoos on her brow and cheeks, dressed in clothing that is even 
more outrageously exploitative than URD's -- is floating and looking down.

                                   MARA
                   Ah-ha!  So, going to check out a
                   nexus, are they?  Well, they will
                   learn the hard way that such things
                   can be easily used to grant me my
                   vengeance on those rotten godesses!
                   So says Mara!  Demon First Cla--
                   Huh?

MARA's gaze is suddenly drawn in the direction of Mount Fuji.  She stands 
stock still for a moment, then slowly begins to shake her head, clearly 
shocked by something.

                                   MARA
                   No way ... NO WAY!

Immediately, she is flying at top speed towards Mount Fuji.

                                   MARA
                   I don't believe this!  How could
                   anyone, even a *mortal*, be so
                   stupid as to try *that* summons?
                   Not even the Queen of Hel is that
                   crazy, and --

A small pebble hurtles up from the city to strike MARA between the 
eyeballs, stunning her in mid monologue, and causing her to drop like a 
rock.  She crash lands in an alley, coming to rest on a pile of garbage.  
We see her from the perspective of someone standing on the roof of a 
building overlooking the alley.

                            FEMALE VOICE (O.S.)
                   How appropriate.

The point of view shifts to look at the gathering clouds over Mount Fuji.

Cut to the someplace high on Mount Fuji, a barren rocky clearing.  A crude 
*inverted* pentagram has been drawn in the ground, with a fire in the 
middle.  HAPPOSAI is dancing around the pentagram, chanting in Old 
Tibetan.  His chanting grows fervent, until at last he stands before the 
apex of the pyramid.

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   <quiet> And now ... the sacrifice.

Tears begin to flow down his face.

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   Forgive me this, my darling one!

>From within his shirt he draws a *huge* bra, and *tries* to fling it into 
the fire.  But he can't bring himself to do it.  He tries several times, 
and he cannot do it.  He clutches the bra to himself.

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   If there were any other way ... I
                   would take it!  But I know of no
                   other way to accomplish my -- no,
                   *our* vengeance!  So I *MUST*!

And with a horrid cry, he flings the bra into the fire at the centre of 
the pentagram.  It turns black and begins to crumble quickly.

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   COME FORTH OH LORD OF DARKNESS!

The fire blazes up suddenly, burning so brightly that HAPPOSAI has to look 
away.  Our point of view is from a position somewhere along the midpoint 
between him and the centre of the pentagram.  The fire dies down swiftly, 
but an immense shadow grows up from the shadow of the flames.  HAPPOSAI 
turns to look at the source of the shadow ... and pales.

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   Um ... gee.  I was expecting someone
                   ... smaller.

                               THE ADVERSARY
                   WHO CALLS?

HAPPOSAI straightens.

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   I, Happosai, Master of the School of
                   Musabetsu Kakuto, have called you
                   here!

                               THE ADVERSARY
                   WHY?

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   You will give me the power I need to
                   avenge myself on my disobedient
                   student, Saotome Ranma, and on one
                   who has aided him, an American
                   named --

                               THE ADVERSARY
                   MASEFIELD.

HAPPOSAI seems ... shaken by that.

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   Uh -- I ... I take it that you've
                   heard of him?

                               THE ADVERSARY
                   YES.

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   <enthused> So much the better, for
                   you will be avenging yourself on
                   your enemy as well as mine!  Such
                   a good deed ... ahem.  I offer as
                   payment for your services the souls
                   of all who stand with our enemies
                   and against us!

                               THE ADVERSARY
                   INTERESTING.

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   Then you agree?

                               THE ADVERSARY
                   I SPOKE OF THE WAY IN WHICH YOU
                   SOUGHT TO SUMMON ME.  THE SACRIFICE
                   OF A VIRGIN IS MEANT TO BE SYMBOLIC
                   NOT ONLY OF LOSS OF PURITY, BUT ALSO
                   OF THE EXTREME DANGER WHICH AWAITS
                   ANYONE WHO TRAFFICKS WITH DEMONKIND.
                   AS REDUCING THE NUMBER OF POTENTIAL
                   BREEDING FEMALES THREATENS THE
                   FUTURE OF YOUR SPECIES, SO DOES THIS
                   RITUAL.  <beat>  BUT INSTEAD YOU
                   GAVE UP THAT WHICH YOUR DISEASED
                   MIND VIEWS AS THE MOST PRECIOUS
                   THING IN THE UNIVERSE ... WHICH IS
                   ALSO THE SOURCE OF YOUR POWER,
                   PLACING YOURSELF IN JEOPARDY.

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   Uh ... yeah!  <muttered> I thought
                   the book meant a virgin white --

The shadow moves up higher, almost touching HAPPOSAI as he looks away for 
a moment.  When HAPPOSAI realizes what has happened, his eyes get wide as 
saucers again.

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   Hey!  How -- you're not supposed to
                   be able to leave the pentagram
                   without my permission!!

                               THE ADVERSARY
                   YES.  THE BINDING SPELL YOU USED WAS
                   WELL DONE ... IT WOULD INDEED HAVE
                   KEPT ME IN THE PENTAGRAM INTO WHICH
                   YOU SUMMONED ME.  <beat>  IF YOU HAD
                   SUMMONED ME.  <beat> AS I SAID ...
                   INTERESTING.

And the shadow rushes even higher as our point of view comes into an 
extreme close up on HAPPOSAI's shocked face.

                                 HAPPOSAI
                   Oh my.

Everything goes black.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   And that was the beginning of the
                   War against the Adversary.

                              TO BE CONTINUED

