


                                 INTERLUDE

Establishing Shot:  Darkness.

                                YURI (V.O.)
                   WHISPERED Kei? BEAT Kei?

                                KEI (V.O.)
                   FLAT What.

                                YURI (V.O.)
                   I can't sleep.

There is a long silent moment.

                                KEI (V.O.)
                   Try again.  Try harder.

                                YURI (V.O.)
                   How are you supposed to try hard to
                   sleep?

                                KEI (V.O.)
                   I don't know, but I'd guess that it
                   involves *not* talking to your
                   roommate who is also trying to 
                   sleep.

                                YURI (V.O.)
                   So you're having trouble getting to
                   sleep too?

There is another long silent moment, broken by the sound of something 
hitting a wall repeatedly.

                                YURI (V.O.)
                   What was that?

                                KEI (V.O.)
                   What do you *think*?  Me hitting my
                   head against the wall!  SHOUTS
                   Lights!

The lights come up, revealing their bedchamber.  KEI has the top bunk, 
YURI has the bottom.  They are dressed in flannel pyjamas.

                                    KEI
                   Why are you having trouble sleeping?

                                   YURI
                   We haven't been able to get any more
                   information about the situation, and
                   it's starting to worry me ...

                                    KEI
                   We've gone into situations without
                   knowing anything before this, Yuri.

                                   YURI
                   And what always happened?

                                    KEI
                   QUICK Nothing that was ever our 
                   fault.

                                   YURI
                   But we always looked like idiots.

                                    KEI
                   Which wasn't our fault.

YURI suddenly jumps up onto KEI's bunk, and KEI scrambles out of the way.  
YURI looks at KEI intensely and holds her hand out.

                                   YURI
                   Let's *do* it.

KEI stares at the hand, not comprehending, and blinks.  Suddenly, 
understanding dawns.

                                    KEI
                   Oh!  The psychic thing!  Right!  I
                   thought ... never mind.

KEI takes YURI's hand in her own, and they both concentrate fiercely.

Cut to a shot of Earth from space.  A gentle song can be heard being sung 
in many faint voices.  Suddenly, burning cracks cut across the Earth, 
causing the song to become a scream.  The cracks pulse outward, and the 
Earth explodes.  A horrific laugh is heard.

                               WOMAN'S VOICE
                   I!  WINNNNNNNNNN!

More laughter.

Cut to KEI and YURI.  KEI suddenly jerks back, a horrified look on her 
face.

                                    KEI
                   `I win'?  What the --

                                   YURI
                   Is that what happens if we go along
                   with the plan ... or if we give up
                   on it?

                       An Inevitable Outcome Feature

                           Written and Directed
                           by C. Richard Davies

                              TOGETHER AGAIN

                               2937 Chapter

                           Based on the works of
                     Naoko Takeuchi, Rumiko Takahashi,
                   Suzuki Toshimichi, Haruka Takachiho,
                       Hiroki Hayashi, Yuuki Masami,
                    and various interpretations therof.

                Dedicated to Gryphon, MegaZone, and ReRob.
                          And to Ellen DeGeneres.
                         (Even if it *is* intended
                            as a ratings ploy.)

                                 ACT FOUR

Establishing Shot:  The emergency room from the previous Act, now in 
shadows.  Everyone and everything is at rest.  In the distance, we can 
hear a clicking noise.  A door slides open, and MERCURY steps in, 
deliberately moving quietly ... and pausing as she hears the noise.  She 
turns towards an office space, under the door of which we can see a faint 
green light.  MERCURY frowns, and heads slowly towards the door.  She 
pauses, listening, for a moment, and then suddenly flings the door open.

JUPITER, her left arm in a sling, is seated behind a desk, looking up at a 
holographic display that hovers above the desk, working a mouse with her 
free hand.  She looks impassively at MERCURY, who is startled to see her.

                                  MERCURY
                   Lita, I'm glad that you're up and
                   about, but you really should get
                   your rest.

                                  JUPITER
                   The truth doesn't rest.

There is a long pause.

                                  MERCURY
                   Have you any idea how corny that
                   sounds?

                                  JUPITER
                   NODS But it's accurate, somewhat.
                   There was a breach in our security
                   yesterday, and it's my job to under-
                   stand why it happened, so that we
                   can make sure it can never happen
                   again.  BEAT So I can't sleep.

                                  MERCURY
                   I see.  Well, what have you figured
                   out?

                                  JUPITER
                   It's not so much figuring -- that's
                   your department -- as it's putting
                   the pieces that we have together,
                   and trying to see just what sort of
                   picture they present. BEAT And I 
                   can say that it's a very ugly one, 
                   Amy.  A very, very ugly one.

JUPITER taps a control, and the holographic display twists to present 
itself to MERCURY's view.  It's RYOUGA's medical information.  MERCURY 
lifts an eyebrow.

                                  MERCURY
                   You really should not be prying into
                   my patients' medical --

                                  JUPITER
                   Hibiki Ryouga.  Born 1977.  Victim
                   of a Jyusenkyo curse, the exact
                   details of which have been kept
                   under a privacy seal that I couldn't
                   crack.  BEAT And also not, as our
                   intelligence had led us to believe
                   for quite some time, a vampire.  In
                   fact, his exceptional longevity is
                   the result of having partaken of
                   mermaid's flesh.  But not in the
                   most common form of that very rare
                   condition -- eating mermaid's flesh
                   and risking transformation into an
                   inhuman entity -- but through an
                   occult ritual involving replacing
                   one's liver with a mermaid's liver.
                   BEAT There are three main 
                   drawbacks to the ritual.  One -- the
                   subject must be dead before the 
                   ritual begins.  Two -- the subject
                   will be driven by an uncontrollable
                   urge to consume the livers of other
                   beings.  And three, which is the
                   most crippling -- all the memories
                   of the new immortal's life before
                   his or her transformation will be
                   lost.

                                  MERCURY
                   I know all this.

JUPITER clicks the control again, and the display changes to a page of 
text with a diagram of a human body, indicating the exact location of the 
liver.

                                  JUPITER
                   You should.  The section on mermaid
                   flesh in "Means of Immortality",
                   your first major work of magickal
                   scholarship, is very complete.
                   BEAT But the connection might be
                   overlooked except for one little
                   fact.  Hibiki said that *we* created
                   him.

                                  MERCURY
                   The ravings of a madman would have
                   little weight in court.

                                  JUPITER
                   ANGRY God's sake, Amy, this isn't
                   a matter of courts!  BEAT  And if
                   I've learned one thing from all this
                   it has to be that Hibiki wasn't
                   insane.  Dedicated, fanatical, 
                   possibly even obsessed -- but very, 
                   very sane.  BEAT  I know that I
                   didn't do this.  I wouldn't know
                   where to start.  Raye might know,
                   but she'd never do something like
                   this.  Mina -- no.  If Serenity
                   wants someone to be immortal, she
                   can use the Silver Crystal.  I'd
                   guess that Pluto has her own ways.
                   We both know where Saturn is.
                   BEAT And that leaves you.  And you
                   know how.

MERCURY has made her face a mask.  She stares silently at JUPITER.

                                  MERCURY
                   What do you want me to say?

                                  JUPITER
                   I want to know why, Amy.

MERCURY is silent, staring down at the floor for a long moment.

                                  MERCURY
                   Lights.

The lights in the darkened office come up to full power.  MERCURY looks 
up, and we can see that her eyes are beginning to water.

                                  MERCURY
                   It was ... the early 2050s.  We had
                   just perfected the braindump based
                   on what we learned from the Sigma
                   Narses probe -- the entire mind of a
                   human being, contained on a single
                   optical disc.  And a decade before,
                   Romanova ... Nene ... had given us a
                   way to look at magic that we could
                   use within the scientific paradigm.
                   BEAT We all experimented with our
                   powers, didn't we?

                                  JUPITER
                   NOD That was when I discovered my
                   ultimate attack.

                                  MERCURY
                   I developed most of the techniques I
                   ... derived from Neptune at that
                   time, as well. BEAT But most of my
                   enthusiasm went towards discovering 
                   -- or maybe rediscovering -- the 
                   workings of the magical science of 
                   the Silver Millenium. BEAT It was
                   around then that he came into my 
                   life.

JUPITER looks as though she's about to say the name, but MERCURY holds up 
a hand as she gathers her thoughts.

                                  MERCURY
                   He was as slow to age as any who are
                   subjected to a curse from those
                   pools -- or are the originators of
                   them, but that's another story.  But
                   his rival had blundered into true
                   immortality with our help.

                                  JUPITER
                   He got you to take sides.

                                  MERCURY
                   I didn't think it would be that way.
                   I hoped to help him deal with his
                   obsessions.  But as I worked with
                   him ... he's so sweet, Lita.  So 
                   very gen--

JUPITER stands up with the aid of a cane, and stares at MERCURY.

                                  MERCURY
                   When he's not in battle.  BEAT  In
                   any event, after I finished doing
                   the research for the book, he asked
                   me if there was really no way to
                   preserve a subject's mind after the
                   Mermaid's Liver Ritual.  I thought
                   about it, and I realized that the
                   mind of a person newly resurrected
                   by the ritual wasn't all that
                   different from the mind of a newly
                   grown clone ... and since we had
                   been preparing to play back brain-
                   tapes onto clones for at least
                   twenty years ... BEAT We made a
                   recording of his mind, and I
                   promised that after he died, I'd use
                   the ritual to bring him back, as an
                   immortal, and upload the recording
                   onto his brain.  And then he went on
                   his way.  BEAT I didn't find out
                   that I was pregnant until he'd been
                   gone a week.

                                  JUPITER
                   Oh, Amy.

MERCURY continues as though she had not heard.

                                  MERCURY
                   He came back sooner than he'd
                   expected -- there was a plague on
                   the colony where he'd been training.
                   There wasn't even time for an update
                   of the braintape.  BEAT  He died.  
                   I view what happened next as heroic
                   measures. CLOSES EYES

                                  JUPITER
                   You performed the ritual, and played
                   the braintape back onto his brain.
                   BEAT What went wrong?

                                  MERCURY
                   I thought ... I really thought ...
                   that it would be resurrection.  Not
                   cloning. BEAT He came back, but
                   there was a coldness in him now.
                   The gentleness was still there, so
                   was the fire ... but they weren't
                   the same.  Before the operation, I
                   hadn't had time to tell him about
                   our child.  Afterwards ... I didn't
                   want to.

MERCURY's eyes open, and they are swimming with tears as she looks at 
JUPITER, who gazes back with a gentle expression.

                                  MERCURY
                   BROKENLY I was *just* trying to do
                   the *right* thing!

MERCURY begins to sob, and JUPITER rushes forward to gather her in an 
embrace.

                                  JUPITER
                   I know, Amy.  Believe me, I know.

Eventually, MERCURY has calmed down.  She rests in JUPITER's arms, her 
face bleak.

                                  MERCURY
                   What are you going to do?

JUPITER's face is also bleak.

                                  JUPITER
                   What can I do?  This situation was
                   out of control from the minute it
                   started.  You were only fulfilling
                   your duty as you saw it.  I can't
                   judge you.  BEAT You're going to
                   have to tell Serenity.

MERCURY shudders.

                                  JUPITER
                   Amy!  You don't think she'll punish
                   you for something like this ...

                                  MERCURY
                   No.  Worse.  She'll *look* at me.
                   BEAT Those eyes that are so like
                   Serena's and so unalike will look at
                   me, and see right through me ... and
                   then she'll forgive me.  BEAT  And
                   that will be worse than anything ...

JUPITER nods, and leans on MERCURY as they start to walk out of the room.

                                  MERCURY
                   I suppose I should be glad that Raye
                   wasn't here for this ... I can just
                   imagine her reaction.

Cut to a close up of RAYE sneezing.  The scene changes to show RAYE 
sitting across a chessboard from SHAMPOO in a posh room.  A window shows 
the stars.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Someone talking about you?

                                   RAYE
                   Guess so ...

She gazes intensely at the chessboard, and finally moves a white knight.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Intriguing.

                                   RAYE
                   Um-hm.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Check in two.

                                   RAYE
                   ANGRY Explain!

SHAMPOO demonstrates, smiling superiorly, by moving a black pawn within 
striking range of the knight.  She then moves the knight to capture the 
pawn, which leaves the white queen open to another black pawn.  RAYE opens 
her mouth to protest, but SHAMPOO holds up a hand.  She replaces the 
knight ... and then moves the black queen to take it, imperiling the black 
queen but once more leaving the white queen open to the black pawn.  RAYE 
fumes.  SHAMPOO returns the board to its state just after RAYE's last 
move, and smiles even wider.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Pa-ass.

                               RANMA (O.S.)
                   Would you mind telling me why you're
                   wasting time playing that dumb game?

SHAMPOO turns smiling (but her smile doesn't reach her eyes) to look at 
RANMA, who is sitting in front of a large picture window that shows a 
distant, slowly retreating Earth and moon, and beyond them, the sun.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   How do you think I ought to waste my
                   time, *husband*?

                                   RANMA
                   Don't *call* me that.

SHAMPOO's smile drops.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   You are coming of your own free will
                   to Mars, Saotome Ranma.  The minute
                   that your feet touch Martian soil,
                   you are *mine*. BEAT There's not
                   a court on Mars that would fail to
                   uphold my claim to be your wife.  If
                   I feel like it, I can drag you
                   before one of the Martian Elders,
                   and demand that we be bound once and
                   for all.

                                   RANMA
                   I'd rather die, thanks.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   I'm aware of that.   So I'm not
                   going to press the issue this time, 
                   if you don't push.

RANMA shakes his head, almost amazed.

                                   RANMA
                   You don't get it, do you?  How can I
                   *not* push after what you've done?
                   BEAT Not four hours ago, you
                   admitted to having been happy at the
                   *murder* --

                                  SHAMPOO
                   SOFT Execution.

                                   RANMA
                   -- of the only other woman I've ever
                   loved anywhere *nearly* as much as
                   Akane -- after which you informed me
                   that Ucchan had been responsible for
                   *her* death, without any sort of
                   explanation as to how this absurdity
                   took place!

                                  SHAMPOO
                   You weren't ready to listen to an 
                   explanation then.

RANMA jumps up and looms in front of SHAMPOO.

                                   RANMA
                   SNARL I'm ready to listen *now*.

RAYE studies the chessboard intensely as she speaks.

                                   RAYE
                   No you aren't.  You're ready to yell
                   denunciations and beat people up.
                   Listening isn't part of that.

RANMA stares at her.

                                   RANMA
                   Do you *mind*?

RAYE looks up and glowers at RANMA.

                                   RAYE
                   Yes.  I do mind.  You see, Shampoo's
                   sort of a friend of mine, and you're
                   sort of someone I don't care one way
                   or another about. 

                                   RANMA
                   Do you have any idea what --

                                   RAYE
                   Sort of *hell* she made your life in
                   Nerima?  BEAT Yes, she's told me
                   about it.  I find a lot of things
                   that she did reprehensible --

                                  SHAMPOO
                   And I like you too.

RAYE pauses to poke her tongue out at SHAMPOO.

                                   RAYE
                   -- but I believe in letting bygones
                   be bygones.  BEAT  I'm not going
                   to tell you to listen and mark well
                   what she has to tell you, Saotome.
                   If I didn't have a healthy respect
                   for your brains, I'd tell you to do
                   the opposite, trusting in your
                   learned stubborness.

RANMA glowers at RAYE, who meets his gaze calmly.  Blue lightning crackles 
out from his eyes to a point halfway between their faces.  Nothing comes 
from RAYE's eyes.

                                   RAYE
                   SNEERS Not in *this* lifetime.

RANMA crosses his arms over his torso, and turns to look down at SHAMPOO.

                                   RANMA
                   Please, please, please tell me.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   How can I refuse such a sincerely
                   phrased request?  BEAT Picture it:
                   Japan, 1983.

                                   RANMA
                   Oh, for godsake ...

                                  SHAMPOO
                   SMILE Let Shampoo tell story own
                   way?  Japan, 1983.  Two young
                   martial artists meet.
  
A crayon drawing of a superdeformed version of Ranma and Ukyou appears on 
the screen and tinny music plays under SHAMPOO's narration. 

                              SHAMPOO (V.O.)
                   Each is the sole heir to their 
                   families' schools of kempo -- what
                   the Chinese call ch'uan-fa, and the
                   Westerners have called kung fu.  
                   Each young fighter is capable and
                   proud.  Needless to say, they are
                   off to a rocky start.

With tinny battle cries, the SD Ranma and Ukyou charge each other, and the 
animation displays chaotic violence.  Eventually, SD Ranma is stting on SD 
Ukyou's shoulders, grinning.  SD Ukyou cries tears of frustration.

                              SHAMPOO (V.O.)
		   And it only got worse ...

Quick series of shots from Ukyou's arrival episode of Ranma 1/2 ... Genma 
running off with the Okonomiyaki cart, Chibi-Ranma waving bye-bye, 
Chibi-Ukyou chasing after them and falling down in the dirt, Chibi-Ukyou 
silently bearing the whispers of her classmates, Chibi-Ukyou cooking 
okonomiyaki against the raging sea.

                              SHAMPOO (V.O.)
                   So, because she was dumped by a
                   suitor while in kindergarten, and
                   teased about it, she elected to
                   abandon her gender and live as male.

Cut back to SHAMPOO's dubious yet amused expression.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Doesn't that seem a little ... over
                   the top?

                                   RANMA
                   Say *what*?  You, who chased me over
                   most of China, have the *nerve* to
                   suggest that what she did was --

                                  SHAMPOO
                   This isn't *about* me.  This isn't
                   *about* what I did or didn't do.
                   Please don't interrupt.  BEAT
                   Near the end of your first year in
                   Nerima, she caught you, but you made
                   her forget the years that she'd
                   spent hating you by telling her that
                   she was cute.  BEAT  This caused
                   her to reclaim her original gender,
                   and to abandon her plans to beat the
                   crap out of you.  An easily deterred
                   girl ...

RANMA snorts.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Over the next year and a half, she
                   tried many schemes to eliminate the
                   one that she saw as her primary
                   competition for your heart -- Akane
                   -- from the game.  She was, it must
                   be said, less violent in her aims
                   than ... others, but --

                                   RANMA
                   Like, say, *you*.

SHAMPOO sighs, and counts to ten in Mandarin.  She smiles, and picks up 
where she left off -- accented.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   But still show no respect for what
                   Ranma want -- only think of what she
                   want.  True, try to match Akane with
                   Ryouga ... but think Ryouga dumb!
                   BEAT All come to boil at wedding
                   that parents of Ranma plan -- Ukyou
                   go after Akane with death in --

                                   RANMA
                   THAT WASN'T HER FAULT!

SHAMPOO stares at RANMA, calmly.  RANMA glowers.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   You want tell part this?

                                   RANMA
                   BEAT A few weeks before the fight
                   with Saffron ... Ucchan got really 
                   sick.  Everyone thought it was just
                   flu and overwork ... but it wasn't.
                   It was a disease that attacked her 
                   mind ... BEAT  When she attacked
                   Akane, that wasn't really her, it 
                   was the sickness ... but Konatsu
                   made her go to a psychiatrist, and
                   she got better.  A little while 
                   later, she explained what had
                   happened ... Ucchan was so upset!
                   She couldn't even bring herself to
                   talk to Akane, she was so horrified
                   at what she'd done.  BEAT; ANGRY
                   You see?  She had an excuse for
                   what she did, Shampoo!  What's 
                   *yours*?!

SHAMPOO stares at him angrily.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   I am a warrior.  I live my life
                   according to a Way.  That Way
                   demands that you be my husband --
                   regardless of what *I* think about
                   the matter -- and that those who 
                   would oppose our union must die or
                   be eliminated in another way.  I do
                   *not* intend to apologize for my 
                   Way, Saotome Ranma.  I do not ask
                   for any to justify their Way to me.

                                   RANMA
                   What do you mean, what *you* think,
                   what about what *I* --

                                  SHAMPOO
                   You think I *want* a lying, foul-
                   tempered, sex-changing freak for a
                   husband?

RANMA jerks back from the venom in SHAMPOO's tone.  When she speaks next, 
she imitates female RANMA's voice.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   "I try to keep it secret, but the
                   male side is just a disguise."

RANMA opens his mouth ... then slowly closes it.  RAYE looks slowly from 
one of them to the other.

                                   RAYE
                   That was a little over the top, I
                   think ...

Cut to PRISS' sleeping face.  There is a sudden, repeated buzzing noise.  
Her face clenches.  The noise comes again.  PRISS opens her eyes, and 
she's not happy.  The noise comes once more.  PRISS rolls over, picks up 
her cellular phone, and taps a button.

                                   PRISS
                   Assisted-Suicide-on-Demand, please 
                   name your chosen mode of death and 
                   we'll be happy to facilitate your 
                   desires.

                               NURIKO (TEL.)
                   Ms. Asagiri?  This is Lieutenant
                   Nuriko.

                                   PRISS
                   Why the hell are you calling me at
                   ... CHECKS TIME six A.M?

                               NURIKO (TEL.)
                   We've had a breakthrough in the
                   investigation.  If you could come to
                   the station at once --

                                   PRISS
                   Sure, sure, sure ... I'll be there
                   in twenty minutes.

                               NURIKO (TEL.)
                   Than--

PRISS hangs up, yawns, and gets up out of bed.

Cut to the posh room.  RANMA, SHAMPOO, and RAYE have not moved since we 
left them.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   In any event, not long after you
                   became a bigamist, I felt compelled
                   to investigate why Ukyou had not
                   attempted to interfere in your final
                   wedding to Akane.  My investigation
                   was rather profitable -- I found out
                   all that you have related to us.

                                   RANMA
                   You did?

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Or, to be more accurate, I found out
                   that that was what Ukyou wanted you
                   to believe was the case. BEAT The
                   truth was similar, but contained a
                   grave difference.  Ukyou told you
                   that she had been cured of her
                   mental problems.  That was not the
                   complete case.  She had been cured
                   of the disease that had *caused* the
                   mental problems.  They themselves
                   still troubled her.

                                   RANMA
                   How'd you find out all --

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Most of it, I worked out from the
                   files of information on her mental
                   health that her `therapist' wrote,
                   before she abandoned therapy.  
                   BEAT  I stole them, and found out
                   a lot more about her psychology than
                   I ever wanted to know.

SHAMPOO abruptly stands up, and walks to stare out the window.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   It was awful.  And the worst part
                   was that I had no one to trust with
                   the knowledge.  You wouldn't have 
                   believed me.  Obabasama would have
                   told me to kill her -- to cut her 
                   down like a mad dog.  But you would
                   have defended her, and I knew that I
                   was not ready to defeat you.  I had
                   found friends ... but I did not want
                   to add to their burdens with this
                   knowledge.  BEAT So, I watched as
                   she continued to enjoy your respect,
                   while I was hated and despised.  She
                   even reconciled with Akane ... or at
                   least, let Akane think that she was
                   all right with matters.  BEAT  And
                   then a certain group made the fatal
                   mistake of offering her anti-
                   agathics.

                                   RAYE
                   It seemed like a good idea at the
                   time.  You, Ranma and Akane were
                   naturally long-lived due to the
                   Jyusenkyo.  Lita and Ukyou became
                   pretty good friends in the wake of
                   the crisis in Nerima, and she was 
                   sponsored for agency ... and you
                   sort of failed to warn us that she
                   wasn't entirely sane.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   I hoped that she'd die in your 
                   service.  BEAT  In any case, when
                   you moved the Joketsuzoku to Mars in
                   2023, Ukyou came along, claiming
                   that she was seeking her spatula-
                   heir.  In reality, she was seeking
                   to learn our secret tech--

                                   RANMA
                   Oh, come *on*.  If she'd wanted to
                   learn the Joketsuzoku techniques,
                   she could have asked *me*.

SHAMPOO turns back to look pityingly at RANMA.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   SIGH And you would have wanted to
                   know *why* she wanted to learn how 
                   to do the Tenshin Amaurigaken with 
                   her spat, and she couldn't tell you
                   that she was seeking to liberate you
                   from the demon that secretly ruled
                   your life, now could she?  You would
                   have misunderstood.  BEAT  In any 
                   event, Ukyou learned many of the 
                   secrets of my people.  The years
                   passed, and she aged only a little.
                   By the mid-2040s the Joketsuzoku
                   were joined on Mars by the first
                   colonizers, and the Nu Ucchan's was
                   one of the first restaurants opened
                   in Graviton City.  BEAT Another
                   two decades passed ... and a pair of
                   travellers from Earth came to visit
                   an old friend.  They didn't pay any
                   calls on another old friend on
                   Mars --

                                   RANMA
                   Because you weren't our friend!

                                  SHAMPOO
                   -- and when you went to leave,
                   the disaster occured.  BEAT  Why
                   was it that you weren't on board
                   the shuttle when it blew up, Ranma?

                                   RANMA
                   I ... I was paged ... there was a
                   call for me at one of the phones in
                   the terminal ...

                                  SHAMPOO
                   And why didn't the airport comm
                   officer transfer the call to the
                   phone on board the shuttle?  
                   BEAT  I answer my own question --
                   he was bribed.

                                   RANMA
                   How --

                                  SHAMPOO
                   I beat it out of him.

RAYE looks at her with an exasperated expression.

                                   RANMA
                   Okay ... so the phoney phone call
                   that I got was a little irregular,
                   you still can't tie Ucchan to any
                   of this.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   The man who bribed the comm officer
                   worked at the Nu Ucchan's.  He was
                   also a known member of the Free
                   Mars movement, which may have been
                   why he was recruited, to throw an
                   ordinary investigator off the scent.
                   *I* wasn't fooled for a minute, of
                   course.

                                   RANMA
                   Of course.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   So I went to ask Ukyou whether or not
                   she'd done it.

RANMA and RAYE stare at her, shocked.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   She already knew that I hated her.
                   I had nothing to lose but my life.
                   BEAT She confessed to everything.

                                   RANMA
                   You're out of your mind!

SHAMPOO crosses the distance between them in an instant, and leans over 
him.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   NO, Saotome, I'm *not*.  She said,
                   `Of course I blew up the shuttle
                   that Akane was on, Shampoo.'

                                   RANMA
                   She was making a j--

                                  SHAMPOO
                   You were still in the hospital from
                   the blast!  Do you think she would
                   joke about something like that?

                                   RANMA
                   If she was as insane as you're
                   making her out to be --

                                  SHAMPOO
                   There was always a pattern to her
                   acts, Ranma.  She was completely,
                   utterly, and psychotically dedicated
                   to the vision of your well-being 
                   that she had conceived.  BEAT  I
                   will not repeat those of her plans
                   that she told me about that day.
                   Suffice it to say that you would
                   have gone mad within a year.

                                   RANMA
                   And how the hell did this pattern
                   include telling you all this?

                                  SHAMPOO
                   She wanted to provoke me into
                   challenging her.  She believed that
                   the techniques that she'd learned
                   would give her the edge in our final
                   conflict.  BEAT  That is to say, 
                   she *mistakenly* believed --

                                   RANMA
                   Why?

SHAMPOO ticks off the points on her hand.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   One.  Eliminate one she saw as a
                   rival -- even a potential one -- for
                   your affections.  Two.  Eliminate
                   one who was aware of her madness.
                   Three.  Ukyou really hated me.

                                   RANMA
                   Okay, bright eyes, then how come you
                   didn't challenge her?  What happened
                   to the Amazon "never-ever-back-down"
                   way?

                                  SHAMPOO
                   It learned a measure of subtlety,
                   from the devious outlanders it came
                   into contact with.

RANMA makes sarcastic injured noises.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Since I knew that I could have made
                   her into ramen with *very* little
                   difficulty, knowing as I did the 
                   counter to every secret technique 
                   she had learnt, I chose to retreat
                   instead.  If I had dealt with her
                   as I wanted to, I would have seemed
                   to be in the wrong.  Instead I made
                   certain plans.

RANMA's eyes bulge out.

                                   RANMA
                   You did.  My God, you *did*.  You
                   *did* set her up to fight Cologne!

SHAMPOO stares at him impassively.

Cut to TENCHI's sleeping face.  His eyes slowly open, and he rolls over 
... to see AYEKA's sleeping, smiling face.  TENCHI is shocked.  He starts 
to move out of AYEKA's clutches.  AYEKA's eyes remain closed and her smile 
doesn't change as she speaks.

                                   AYEKA
                   Don't move, Tenchi.  I've waited
                   long enough to get this close to
                   you, I'm not letting you go just
                   yet.

                                  TENCHI
                   Ayeka ...

                                   AYEKA
                   Do you remember how much I cried?

                                  TENCHI
                   Yes, Ayeka.  And each tear hurt me
                   just as much as they did you ...

                                   AYEKA
                   I know.  BEAT  I think you have
                   two virtues that make one curse, 
                   Tenchi.  An overly gentle nature and
                   an iron sense of duty.  I don't know
                   how you manage to live with them 
                   both.

                                  TENCHI
                   The same way that I was going to 
                   live with -- BEAT  How can you 
                   forgive me?

                                   AYEKA
                   I love you.  It comes naturally.

                                  TENCHI
                   You shouldn't do this sort of thing.

                                   AYEKA
                   Nothing happened, Tenchi.

                                  TENCHI
                   The scandal mongers wouldn't think
                   so.

                                   AYEKA
                   SAD Do you truly care so much for
                   your --

                                  TENCHI
                   Not for mine.  For yours.  BEAT I
                   love you too much to let them paint
                   you as a concubine, Ayeka.  It's bad
                   enough having to watch them snub 
                   Ryouko because they think she's one.

                                   AYEKA
                   FAINT I know.  Just let me rest
                   here in your arms ...

AYEKA is silent for a moment after trailing off, and then begins to snore 
delicately.  TENCHI smiles at her, and gently presses a kiss on her 
forehead, which makes her smile broaden.  TENCHI leans back into the 
pillows.

                                  TENCHI
                   SOTTO VOCE I wonder how she got
                   Ryouko out of the way ...

Cut to a balcony on the side of the Crystal Palace.  It is a cold, gray 
morning.  RYOUKO is perched on the railing, shivering slightly.

                                  RYOUKO
                   "Meet you back at the balcony," she
                   said.  "We'll pick up where we left
                   off," she said.  "I liked the way
                   the conversation was going," she
                   said.  BEAT I'll give her fifteen
                   more minutes, and then I'm out of
                   here.

Cut to the posh room.  SHAMPOO has not moved from where we left her, but 
RANMA has gotten up and is only being held back from doing her bodily harm 
by RAYE's held Mars Flame Sniper, with which she is targetting him.

                                   RAYE
                   One move, one hint of a ki build up,
                   Saotome, and we'll see just how
                   immortal you really are.

                                   RANMA
                   I can move faster than you can even
                   think, Senshi.

                                   RAYE
                   I don't *need* to think to let this
                   go.  BEAT  Sit down.

RANMA sits, his battle aura still very much in evidence.

                                   RANMA
                   I can't believe you're letting a 
                   self-admitted murderer --

                                   RAYE
                   As I said.  She's my friend.  BEAT;
                   MORE TO SHAMPOO THAN RANMA Even 
                   when she pulls surprises like *this*
                   out of her bag of tricks without
                   telling me about them ...

                                  SHAMPOO
                   I was saving it for a rainy day ...

                                   RANMA
                   You set Ucchan up to die.  Yes or
                   no?

                                  SHAMPOO
                   One thing at a time, Ranma.  BEAT
                   You recovered in the Graviton City
                   Hospital, under Ukyou's careful
                   supervision.  She eased you through
                   the worst of your anguish at having
                   lost Akane to the one opponent that
                   you could not def--

                                   RANMA
                   SKIP THE GODDAMN POETRY!

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Ukyou slowly but surely worked her
                   way back into your heart.  I don't
                   know all the details of how you and
                   she finally came together, and I 
                   don't want to.  By 2065, the two of
                   you were right on the verge of 
                   making it legal. BEAT  And then
                   the Senshi called you back to Earth
                   for a final mission.

RAYE decides that RANMA isn't going to attack SHAMPOO any time soon, and 
lets her Mars Flame Sniper down.  Her hand is still glowing red.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   It wasn't long after you left that
                   Ukyou learned of her pregnancy.  The
                   mission proved to be of greater
                   complexity than they had imagined,
                   and you were so far undercover that
                   you couldn't get in touch with Ukyou
                   at all.  The weeks stretched into
                   months.  Kuonji Gennosuke was born,
                   January 16, 2066.  And then the
                   false news of your death in that
                   secret martial arts tournament came
                   to us.  BEAT  If I had been a bit
                   wiser, I would have declared all
                   debts null and void, told Ukyou to
                   take your daughter and get the hell
                   of Mars.  But I wasn't.

SHAMPOO turns to look back out at the stars, and the Earth (which is 
measurably smaller in the window than it had been).  RANMA shifts in his 
seat, and RAYE glares at him.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Perhaps it was the thought of your
                   daughter in a madwoman's care that
                   made me do it.  Perhaps it was just
                   me being who and what I am.  BEAT
                   Decades before this, when I had
                   first duelled Cologne to take her
                   place on the council of Joketsuzoku
                   elders, I had spared her life on
                   one condition -- henceforth, in any
                   battle that I held an interest in,
                   she would win or lose as I saw fit.
                   BEAT I told her the story that I
                   have told you, and told her, when
                   the time came, to win.  A forged
                   note from one of Ukyou's informants
                   among the Joketsuzoku, saying
                   "Cologne knows all", took care of
                   the rest.

SHAMPOO turns to look at RANMA, who is glaring at her with a fury unlike 
any that he's ever shown before.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   And then, being you, you turned up
                   alive, well, and more powerful than
                   ever.  And you were as angry then
                   as you are now.

                                   RANMA
                   Oh no.  No I wasn't.

SHAMPOO continues as if she hadn't heard him.  Her eyes are far away.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   The warriors of Cologne's school
                   formed a human wall to keep you from
                   her.  You moved through them like a
                   hot blade through butter, and stood
                   before her at last.  She had known
                   you were coming -- and she was ready
                   for you.  BEAT  The Martian 
                   heavens rang with the sound of your
                   battle --

RANMA casually breaks the table and chess board by tapping it with a 
single finger.

                                   RANMA
                   I know what happened.  I was there.
                   Skip the poetry, I said.

SHAMPOO stares at the ruins of the table in shock.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   How --

                                   RANMA
                   Practice.  BEAT  In short, what
                   you're saying is that you set up the
                   murder of a woman I loved, who had
                   given birth to one of my children,
                   because you *thought* that she had
                   killed Akane.  TO RAYE Great
                   friend.  You must feel special.

RAYE looks at SHAMPOO with a faintly disturbed expression.

                                   RAYE
                   Shampoo ... is this all there is?
                   Is there anything that you can say
                   in your defense?

SHAMPOO is silent for a long moment.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   One thing.  BEAT  Have you never
                   wondered, Saotome Ranma, why it was
                   that in the years between your
                   marriage to Akane and my humbling of
                   Cologne, that my attempts to ...
                   interfere in your relationship
                   decreased in number?

                                   RANMA
                   ICILY At the time I thought you'd
                   gotten it through your head that I
                   wasn't interested.  Evidently --

SHAMPOO shakes her head, and there is a long pause.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   ACCENTED This part of story need
                   be told this way.  No can tell
                   otherways.  BEAT  Realize, with
                   final marriage, that Ranma love
                   Akane.  Is shock.  Akane *beat*
                   Shampoo in war of hearts.  Should
                   give kiss of death?  No ... Ranma
                   protect.  Realize, after first
                   week of marriage, that Akane only
                   win *battle* of hearts.  Not war.
                   War can still be won.  If Shampoo
                   learn *how* Akane win battle,
                   Shampoo prevent ever winning again.
                   Stop fluke.  So study Akane.
                   Study carefully her ways.

As SHAMPOO continues to speak, her accent becomes less and less 
distinctive, fading out completely in her final words.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Shampoo know already that Akane not
                   equal in true battle.  So how she
                   win?  Slowly, Shampoo came to see
                   parts of Akane's person that she
                   had not seen before.  She saw kind
                   nature, often hidden by rage that
                   she was learning to control.  She
                   saw a courage equal to that of the
                   bravest person that Shampoo had
                   ever known.  She saw someone that
                   she could have liked ... if she
                   wasn't in the way of what Shampoo
                   thought she wanted.  In the end,
                   I saw someone ... that I wanted to
                   be like.

RANMA is staring at her, clearly bewhildered by this vocal performance.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   So I went before the other Elders of
                   the tribe, and told them the whole
                   tale of my dealings with Saotome
                   Ranma and Tendou Akane, and asked
                   them to dissolve the three ties I
                   had to you:  the kisses of death I
                   had given to her and your girl form,
                   and the declaration of marital
                   intent I had given to you.  BEAT
                   As I expected, they did not give me
                   permission to end my engagement to 
                   you, Ranma.  As Cologne did, they 
                   valued the potential children of
                   our union too much to let you slip
                   by.  With regards to your female 
                   form, they strongly urged me to take
                   any steps necessary to reverse your
                   curse -- which I was planning on
                   doing anyway -- and in the event
                   that I was unable to do so, undid
                   the blood feud.

SHAMPOO turns to stare out the window again.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   I was reprimanded for having given
                   the kiss of death to Akane.  After
                   all, she had never beaten me in
                   any concrete way.  And the elders
                   were intrigued by the tales that
                   I told of her.  For you see, it is
                   only if an outsider woman defeats
                   a Joketsuzoku that she must die.
                   Other women ... are sometimes
                   welcomed into the tribe.  BEAT
                   In short, Akane was declared a
                   provisional Joketsuzoku --

                                   RANMA
                   SHE WAS WHAT?!

                                  SHAMPOO
                   -- and the penalty for the murder of
                   a provisional Joketsuzoku, prior to
                   her formal initiation, is death.

RANMA stares, boggled, at SHAMPOO.

                                   RANMA
                   You *murdered* Ukyou ... because you
                   thought that she'd killed Akane ...
                   whom you suddenly decided that you
                   *liked*?

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Grossly oversimplified, but more or
                   less true.

RANMA turns to stare at RAYE, who meets his gaze calmly.

                                   RANMA
                   And you're *buying* this?

                                   RAYE
                   HESITANTLY Shampoo ... can you
                   back any of this up with evidence?

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Most of my explanation, yes.  Any of
                   my theory, no.  BEAT  The papers I
                   mentioned have long since gone to
                   dust, but the archives of the
                   Council of the Joketsuzoku Elders
                   will bear out the part of the story
                   involving Akane's unknown induction
                   to the clan.

                                   RAYE
                   I see.

                                   RANMA
                   *I* don't.  How can you just stand
                   there and listen to how she planned
                   and executed a conspiracy to commit
                   murder?

RAYE gives RANMA a look of mixed disgust and exhaustion.

                                   RAYE
                   Saotome, where are we?

                                   RANMA
                   On a spaceship heading to --

                                   RAYE
                   Mars -- a planet where I have no
                   jurisdiction.  I am in pursuit of a
                   fugitive from my Queen's Justice,
                   and one of the Princes of Mars has
                   graciously consented to let me
                   pursue her onto Martian soil.  As
                   Shampoo recently said, Joketsuzoku 
                   law is the basis of the Martian 
                   legal code -- and so, if the act 
                   that she performed nearly eight 
                   hundred years ago was not a criminal
                   act in the eyes of the Joketsuzoku,
                   the authorities are unlikely to turn
                   Shampoo -- who I believe possesses
                   folk hero status among the Martians?

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Last time I checked ...

                                   RAYE
                   So you see my problem.  They're not
                   likely to let me arrest her.

                                   RANMA
                   This *stinks*.  You're letting her
                   walk after she admitted to having
                   planned --

                                   RAYE
                   Saotome, why are you so unwilling to
                   even listen to Shampoo's reasons?
                   You've completely dismissed any
                   possibility that she might be 
                   telling the truth!

RANMA glares at RAYE.

                                   RANMA
                   Let me ask you something.  Suppose
                   someone said that your Queen had
                   done something terrible, but this
                   someone was someone you really,
                   really hated -- who'd been a thorn
                   in your side for a thousand years.
                   BEAT  Would you believe it?

                                   RAYE
                   No.  BEAT  But there's a problem
                   in your logic, Saotome.  The last
                   time I checked, Shampoo hasn't been
                   a thorn in your side for a thousand
                   years.  When did you see her last?

                                   RANMA
                   That's not the point!

                                   RAYE
                   ANGRY She's left you alone for
                   the better part of eight hundred
                   years, you insensitive jerk, so
                   don't start whining about thousands
                   of years to me!

RANMA comes to his feet in the blink of an eye, and his battle aura is 
fully active.  RAYE cooly meets his gaze.

                                   RAYE
                   Well?  What are you waiting for?
                   After all, beating up people who
                   like Shampoo is almost as fun as 
                   beating *her* up, isn't it?  Come 
                   on!  Prove you're a man!  A manly
                   man!

RANMA looks like he's about to explode ... then slowly his aura fades, and 
he marches towards a pair of doors on the far side of the compartment, 
which slide open to let him past, and slide shut behind him.  RAYE looks 
on with a satisfied expression.

                                   RAYE
                   Showed him ...

                                  SHAMPOO
                   VERY COLD That wasn't necessary.

RAYE turns to look at SHAMPOO, who is glaring at her furiously.

                                   RAYE
                   Shampoo ...

                                  SHAMPOO
                   We're going to need him, when we get
                   to Mars in a few hours.  And more to
                   the point, no matter what he's done
                   to me, *I* *still* *care*. BEAT I
                   can no more stop caring about him 
                   than you can stop loving your Queen
                   when she does things that you
                   disagree with.  And gods know you've
                   told me enough times how often she
                   does that. BEAT And it was *four*
                   hundred years, not eight.

SHAMPOO suddenly heads for the door that RANMA just exited, but turns down 
the passage in the opposite direction than the way that he went.  RAYE 
stares at the doors, nonplussed.  Our view focuses on the scattered chess 
board.  One of the white knights has broken in half.

Cut to a city street in Crystal Tokyo, down by the waterfront.  The sky is 
still thick with cold gray clouds, and the entire ambience screams that 
it's about to rain, but it hasn't started just yet.  A sallow-faced man in 
a black trenchcoat (TRAKAL) walks down the street, before ducking into the 
front door of a large building, whose sign proclaims it the Hidalgo Mining 
Company, Closed for Repairs.

The interior of the building has been converted to a temporary staging 
area for several stolen police Labors, which are currently being gone over 
by several teams of technicians, who seem to be preparing schematics.  
Watching over this is the figure of DZARTENKIN, a large man with a full 
bushy beard and a bald head, who is watching with amusement.  He turns at 
the noise of TRAKAL's entrance.  DZARTENKIN speaks with a "cinematic" 
Russian accent.

                                DZARTENKIN
                   HEAVY SARCASM Ah!  Trakal, my dear
                   friend, so *nice* of you to join us
                   so *promptly* --

                                  TRAKAL
                   We may have been busted.

                                DZARTENKIN
                   SHARP How?

                                  TRAKAL
                   One of my agents at Immigration got
                   word to me that Internal Affairs
                   was doing a crackdown, and that he
                   expected to be taken for the false
                   I.D.s he's issued us.

                                DZARTENKIN
                   Zdrastvyute!  We're this close to
                   cracking the secret!

He indicates a minute amount of time with his fingers, and then runs his 
hands through his beard.

                                DZARTENKIN
                   How long will your agent hold out?

                                  TRAKAL
                   He won't.  But he only knows that he
                   was contacted by agents of one of
                   the better known Anti-Monarchist
                   secret societies, since that's what
                   I let him think that we were.  We
                   have a few hours before they figure
                   out what we *really* are.

There is a sudden explosion of noise, as though several hundred police 
sirens have suddenly blazed to life.  DZARTENKIN jumps.

                            NURIKO (AMP, O.S.)
                   Attention!  This is the Police!  We
                   have you surrounded!  Come out at
                   once, or we will be forced to come
                   in after you.

DZARTENKIN looks at TRAKAL with a betrayed expression.  TRAKAL's own 
expression doesn't change.

                                  TRAKAL
                   Huh.  Wrong for the first time this
                   century.

Outside, dozens of hovercars have encircled the building at several 
altitudes.  On the ground, seven large Labors, each slightly larger than 
the ones being examined in the building, have their large blasters trained 
on the entrance.

NURIKO is standing up in the sliding top window of one of the hovercars 
with a bullhorn at her mouth.  NOA is at the wheel, looking pensive, while 
PRISS is in the passenger seat, covering her ears with her hands (even 
though her ears, like both NOA's and NURIKO's, are already protected.)

                                   PRISS
                   So these guys are actually agents
                   for a foreign government?

                                    NOA
                   Yes.  Your suggestion that the 
                   thefts were an inside job prompted
                   the Internal Affairs department to
                   do a complete sweep.  BEAT Just
                   in time, too, with the vote coming
                   up ...

                                   PRISS
                   But why would they want to get
                   ahold of --

                                    NOA
                   Perhaps rumors of the Centauri
                   Republic's vast Mobile Suit forces
                   are greatly exaggerated.  BEAT
                   Nuriko, has there been any movement
                   yet?

                                  NURIKO
                   No ... wait a minute ... scanners
                   picking up a buildup in sector --

The right front of the building disintegrates in a blinding flash that 
also takes out of the nearby Patrol Labors, knocking it down for the 
count.  One of the stolen Labors, carrying a large energy cannon that is 
mounted on its right arm, bounds out of the hole that it has just blown, 
and starts to target another of the Patrol Labors.  (It needs to be 
emphasized that the stolen Labor is moving with MUCH greater fluidity and 
speed than the others.)

                                    NOA
                   All units, Evasive Scramble!

The hovercars immediately begin to move out of their encirclement, trying 
to avoid stray fire from the firefight that has begun below, as several of 
the Patrol Labors bring their weapons to bear on the rogue, and begin 
firing.

                                    NOA
                   OUTRAGED WHICHEVER ONE OF THOSE
                   IDIOTS STARTED FIRING FIRST IS
                   GOING TO BE EATING HIS BADGE FOR
                   LUNCH!

                                  NURIKO
                   Chief, I think *they* fired first!

                                    NOA
                   Is it Alphonse?!

PRISS mouths the word with a confused expression.

                                  NURIKO
                   No.  One of the others.

                                    NOA
                   All right.  We'll let it go.  THIS
                   time.

The stolen Labor collapses under the massed blaster fire from the Patrol 
Labors, its torso burnt and melted.  Another stolen Labor ducks out of the 
hole in the building, getting off several shots from a heavy rifle, before 
ducking back in.  The car with PRISS, NOA, and NURIKO is now high above 
the firefight.

                                   PRISS
                   Let me guess -- milspec weaponry?

                                    NOA
                   A familiar situation to you too?

                                   PRISS
                   Yeah ... but we had some heavy gear
                   of our own back then.

                                    NOA
                   So do we.  Is Ikari ready?

NURIKO touches a hand to the headset.

                                  NURIKO
                   On your orders.

NOA closes her eyes, and lets out a long breath.

                                    NOA
                   Execute.

At her word, a hoverplatform drops down from the sky rapidly, carrying a 
single Patrol Labor and a heavy tripod mounted laser rifle with multiple 
emitters (it looks like a gatling gun) that promptly opens up at the 
partially covered stolen Labor.  The rogue gets off several shots before 
going down, one of which hits the platform's controls, causing it to spin 
out of control, dumping the Labor and rifle to the ground before dropping 
into the bay.

                                    NOA
                   Is he --

NURIKO is silent for a long moment.

                                  NURIKO
                   Banged up, but alive.

NOA lets out a deep sigh of relief, then notices that PRISS is looking at 
her confusedly.

                                    NOA
                   Ikari Kaoru was on guard duty the
                   night of the thefts.  He viewed them
                   as a personal affront ... and was
                   very insulted that the thieves only
                   disabled his Labor, instead of 
                   killing him.  BEAT  Death is light
                   as a feather, duty heavier than a
                   mountain.  Or so some believe.

PRISS looks as though she's trying to decide whether or not she's been 
insulted.

                                    NOA
                   Two down, two to go.

                                  NURIKO
                   Maybe not.  Sensors indicate that
                   there's only one large body inside.

                                    NOA
                   No.  Dammit, they can't have gotten
                   one of them off-world this soon.

                                  NURIKO
                   No ... but they're getting it
                   disassembled in a hurry.

NOA is very still, then nods.

                                    NOA
                   Taking us down.

The car descends to ground level, wheels lowering from the chassis a 
second before touchdown.  NOA steps out of the drivers side, carrying a 
heavy helmet in one hand and a large pistol in the other.  She grimly puts 
on the helmet, fastening it tightly.  PRISS rolls down the window.

                                   PRISS
                   Hey, could I get an update here?

                                    NOA
                   There's a fifty-fifty chance that
                   the Labor they've got left is my
                   personal Labor.  I'm going in to 
                   find out for sure.

                                   PRISS
                   Okay ... what if it is?

                                    NOA
                   Then I'm going to bring him back.

                                   PRISS
                   And what if it's not?

                                    NOA
                   Then they've murdered him, and I'm
                   going to tear *them* apart.  Slowly.

Inside the now burnt out building, several technicians are scrambling over 
a labor, trying to get it in perfect order.  TRAKAL watches over them, 
almost seeming to pout at the way things are going.  Suddenly, one of the 
mechanics dashes over to him.

                                 MECHANIC
                   Sir, we've got it up and ready.

                                  TRAKAL
                   Good.  Mr. Ramirez, you're a credit
                   to your profession and to the cause
                   of Centauri.

The MECHANIC salutes reflexively.

                                 MECHANIC
                   Allegiance or death!


                                  TRAKAL
                   Both, actually.

TRAKAL produces a holdout gun and shoots him, and begins to mow down the 
other techs with a series of well-placed shots.  Finally, he drops the 
gun, reaches up to his head, and pulls away his face -- actually a very 
life-like mask -- revealing himself to be a semi-humanoid alien who bears 
a vague resemblance to a rodent crossed with a canine.  TRAKAL now leaps 
up to land in the Labor's exposed control console.  He seats himself, and 
the console lowers into the main body of the Labor.  In the darkness of
the  cockpit, he straps himself in, and puts on a helmet similar to the
one NOA is wearing, which he connects to the control panel.  He clasps
his hands, and closes his eyes in concentration.  Outside, the Labor
comes to life, just as NOA rushes into the staging area.  She looks up.

                                    NOA
                   Alphonse!

                               TRAKAL (AMP)
                   So this is the neuropsychoimpulse
                   operating sytem ... very clever of
                   you monkeys to have come up with
                   this.

                                    NOA
                   Operative Trakal of Centauri
                   Intelligence, I presume?

                               TRAKAL (AMP)
                   I see no reason to deny it.  You
                   certainly won't be able to make a
                   report of my remarks.

                                    NOA
                   Then it's true that the Centauri
                   still haven't mastered thought
                   control.

                               TRAKAL (AMP)
                   Oh, they're very close ... but you
                   monkeys managed to get there first.
                   But like the history of your species
                   in the galaxy proves, it's not who
                   got there first, but who wrote up
                   the deeds.  After the Centauri put
                   the thought control in all their
                   mobile suits, I imagine that it will
                   have been a Centauri invention all
                   along.

                                    NOA
                   You just don't get it, do you?  Time
                   and again it's been shown that it's
                   not the technical tricks that win
                   a conflict, it's the heart and soul
                   of the one struggling.  That's what
                   determines the victory -- not a new
                   operating system that's filled with
                   flaws, anyway.

                               TRAKAL (AMP)
                   Like what?

                                    NOA
                   Like, the controls tend to attune
                   themselves to a single pattern of
                   thoughts.  And that in Alphonse's
                   case, that pattern is mine.

                               TRAKAL (AMP)
                   So what you're saying is that you,
                   because you're `attuned' to the
                   system, are going to be able to
                   take control of this thing from
                   me, when I'm actually hooked into
                   it?  BARKS Don't make me laugh.

                                    NOA
                   Here's where we find out.

NOA quickly reaches up to flick a switch on the back of her helmet, and 
her face clenches in concentration.  Inside, TRAKAL is startled to see 
that the control panels are starting to go berserk.  He snarls, and begins 
to concentrate himself.  A savage battle of wills ensues -- there are 
several closeups of NOA and TRAKAL's faces, sweat beginning to pour down 
their brows, TRAKAL's eye beginning to twitch, ultimately leading to a 
sudden explosion of blood in NOA's nose that causes her to let out a 
shrill cry and collapse.  TRAKAL relaxes for a moment, clearly exhausted.

                                  TRAKAL
                   Guess ... *my* heart and soul ...
                   is better than yours ... monkey.

One of Alphonse's arms lifts up halfway, clenched in a fist ... then 
suddenly stops.

                                  TRAKAL
                   What?

TRAKAL exerts himself, and the fist comes further up ... but it seems to 
be quivering.

                                  TRAKAL
                   What's going *on* here?  What's
                   fighting me?

TRAKAL strains, and the fist swings out to hover just a few feet over 
NOA's collapsed body.  TRAKAL continues to strain, but the fist just 
quivers.

                                  TRAKAL
                   FURIOUS WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!
                   CRUSH HER YOU STUPID GIANT ROBO--

TRAKAL's cockpit suddenly shoots up to become exposed, and his words are 
suddenly cut off as Alphonse's arm bends back smoothly, delicately plucks 
him from the cockpit, and flings him at high speed against the wall.  
There is a splurting noise as he hits off camera.  NOA lifts her head, 
still bleeding from her nose and obviously a bit out of it.

                                    NOA
                   Well ... well.  I guess all those
                   theories were right.  BEAT  Good
                   baby.  Good Alphonse.

NOA loses consciousness.  Slowly, Alphonse takes a step forward.  It bends 
down to give the appearance of looking at NOA.  It slowly, ever so slowly 
reaches down to pick her up, and moves her up to set her in the cockpit, 
which is then slowly lowered back into the body.  Alphonse then seems to 
power down.

Cut to a Martian spaceport.  RANMA storms out of a passageway and into the 
main concourse, which is filled with people dressed in traditional 
Joketsuzoku garb holding up signs saying "Welcome Revered Elder" and 
chanting SHAMPOO's Chinese name.  RAYE and SHAMPOO follow a few seconds 
later, not looking at each other.  SHAMPOO looks more resigned than 
anything in response to the outpouring of "affection".  She tries to work 
her way through the crowd, but encounters difficulties in getting past a 
certain group of her "fans" -- who oddly resemble Lum's Storm Troopers -- 
until RAYE comes to help her out, physically moving the people who are 
trying to come into contact with the greatest warrior that the Joketsuzoku 
have ever produced.  SHAMPOO gives RAYE a weary smile of thanks, and they 
make their way through the crowds, reuniting with RANMA (who seems to have 
gotten through unmolested and unobserved) on the other side.

                                   RAYE
                   Your contacts said that Gennosuke
                   landed at the Barsoom spaceport a
                   little over three hours ago.  TO
                   RANMA How far is Barsoom from where
                   you buried Ms. Kuonji?

RANMA thinks for a moment.

                                   RANMA
                   No idea.

                                   RAYE
                   STARES Are you going out of your
                   way to be difficult or --

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Mars.

                                   RAYE
                   -- do you just not care what will
                   happen if your vampire daughter uses
                   the Dark Crystal to --

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Raye.  BEAT  Barsoom was only 
                   founded four hundred fifty years 
                   ago.

RAYE looks wordlessly at SHAMPOO, then turns to look at RANMA, who is 
looking back at her with a bored yet annoyed expression.

                                   RANMA
                   Never been there, never wanted to be
                   there.

                                   RAYE
                   I see.  BEAT  How far is the grave
                   from Graviton City, and in what
                   direction?

RANMA gives this question even more thought.

                                   RANMA
                   Roughly 250 kilos ... south-east.

RAYE thinks for a moment.

                                   RAYE
                   Barsoom is a bit over five hundred
                   kilos east-north-east of here.
                   BEAT I presume that she knows the
                   location.

                                   RANMA
                   NODS I took her out there the last
                   time I visited, when she was 
                   thirteen.

                                   RAYE
                   Okay.  She's got a lead, but we can
                   cut it down a bit.

                                   RANMA
                   Why not just teleport there?  I know
                   you can do that schtick.

                                   RAYE
                   We can, when we're inside Crystal 
                   Tokyo's magical defense grid, or when
                   there's two or more of us acting in
                   tandem.  BEAT  It's been theorized
                   that it could also work if I had the
                   `assistance' of someone with a lot 
                   of magic in their veins, but I'd 
                   have to enter into a deep telepathic
                   link with whoever it was.  BEAT
                   And I'd really rather avoid going 
                   into your mind, Saotome.

During the following exchange, our focus is on SHAMPOO, as she looks back 
and forth between RANMA and RAYE, like someone watching a ping-pong match.

                                   RANMA
                   Not as much as I'd rather avoid
                   having *you* in *my* mind.

                                   RAYE
                   Of course.  Vile darkness always
                   fears purity and light.

                                   RANMA
                   My thoughts exactly.

                                   RAYE
                   I'm *so* glad we concur.

                                   RANMA
                   It happens *so* rarely.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   WEARY Are you finished with the
                   veilled insults yet?  You're cutting
                   our lead down to a few seconds ...

RANMA and RAYE glare at each other.  SHAMPOO sighs.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   I'll go and get a car.  Try to get
                   them out of your system before I
                   get back.

SHAMPOO strolls off.  RAYE follows her with her eyes, and then turns to 
look back at RANMA with a flat, unfriendly expression.  He meets her gaze 
easily.

                                   RANMA
                   You really don't like me.

                                   RAYE
                   I didn't when we met, and my
                   opinion hasn't changed in the years
                   since.  BEAT You are a pig-headed,
                   obnoxious, impolite, chauvinistic,
                   *jerk*.  I don't understand what she
                   sees in you.

                                   RANMA
                   Genes.  BEAT  Good genes for tough
                   warriors, on both sides.  A rarity
                   among the Joketsuzoku, but the basis
                   of one of their most sacred laws.
                   That's all that she or her great-
                   grandmother were ever concerned
                   with.  BEAT  I don't understand 
                   what *you* see in *her*.  She's just
                   as pig-headed, obnoxious, impolite
                   and chauvinistic -- in terms of
                   culture *and* sex -- as you seem to
                   think that I am.

RAYE steps towards RANMA, her eyes glowing dangerously.

                                   RAYE
                   When I was twenty-five years old,
                   the two people I loved most in the
                   world were taken from me in a single
                   night.  All I wanted to do was curl
                   up in a ball and die myself.  Do you
                   know who held me while I cried 
                   myself senseless?  BEAT  She 
                   *hates* that sort of thing.  Any 
                   kind of female intimacy is abhorrent
                   to her.   She once told me that when
                   she glomped onto you in your girl
                   body, it was all that she could do
                   to stop herself from screaming.

RANMA looks startled at this.

                                   RAYE
                   But she stayed with me all that
                   night.  BEAT  Have *you* ever done
                   something that you hated for someone
                   that you cared about, Saotome?

RANMA stares at her in silence.

                                   RANMA
                   Yeah.

                                   RAYE
                   Then maybe once you understood the
                   concept of gratitude and respect,
                   but gods forbid that you ever show
                   any of it to the crazy chick from
                   China.

RANMA takes a step towards RAYE.

                                   RANMA
                   She has done *nothing* to earn my
                   gratitude *or* my respect, Hino.

                                   RAYE
                   Oh yeah?  She kept your memories of
                   your precious `Ucchan' pure for
                   close to nine hundred years.

                                   RANMA
                   They are *still* pure.  I don't buy
                   word *one* of what her lying mouth
                   poured out.

There is a honking noise off to one side.  SHAMPOO has rented a car that 
resembles an Aston-Martin with a hovercraft system instead of wheels.  It 
pulls up the curb at about a hundred kph (60 mph), braking very swiftly.  
SHAMPOO is seated behind the wheel with a maniacal expression.  RAYE and 
RANMA stare at her with vaguely frightened looks on their faces.

                                   RAYE
                   YELL *I'm* driving.  TO RANMA
                   Well, I hope you have a marvellous
                   life, Saotome.

                                   RANMA
                   Huh?  What are you -- BEAT You 
                   need me to tell you where the --

                                   RAYE
                   No I don't.  You just told me.  250
                   kilometers, southeast of here.  The
                   only thing that we'd need you for
                   would be a more precise location.
                   It can't be that hard to find.

                                   RANMA
                   Wanna bet?

                                   RAYE
                   I *am* betting.  BEAT  I don't
                   like you, Saotome, and I don't need
                   you for *anything*.

                                   RANMA
                   I'm coming anyway.  I'm not gonna
                   let you kill my only surviving
                   daughter.

RAYE turns to walk towards the car.  She speaks without looking at RANMA.

                                   RAYE
                   Come with us, or don't, exactly as
                   you please, Saotome.

RAYE walks up to the driver's side, and gestures for SHAMPOO to slide 
over, which she reluctantly does.  RANMA stares at them for a few moments, 
then quickly walks over to silently open up the rear door and slide into 
the back seat.

                                   RANMA
                   Let's go.

The car speeds off.

Cut to the doorway of PRISS' appartment.  The large window in the doorway 
is marked with a number 5.  PRISS approaches it, yawning and seeming 
otherwise exhausted.  She pulls out her key, starts to fumble with the 
lock, and suddenly twists and draws her heavy combat pistol from its side 
holster on someone standing behind her, her face tight with anger.  Our 
view changes to display a certain MR. YOTSUYA (a tall robed man in his mid 
to late thirties with a constant bored expression) who is holding a 
stopwatch which he has just clicked.

                                  YOTSUYA
                   A remarkable display.  You exceed
                   the typical fast draw by at least
                   one half of a second.

PRISS looks as though she is seriously considering pulling the trigger.  
Ultimately, she sighs, replaces the gun in its holster, and turns to 
continue opening her door.

                                   PRISS
                   No, Mr. Yotsuya, the party to 
                   celebrate the outcome of the vote is
                   *not* gonna be in my room.  BEAT
                   Was there anything else you or your
                   alchoholic floozy wanted to know?

ROPPONGI AKEMI (a redhead in a negligee that leaves very little to the 
imagination and who seems to be more than a little tanked) pops out from 
behind YOTSUYA, and gives PRISS the evil eye.

                                   AKEMI
                   That's not very neighborly ...

                                   PRISS
                   Neither was trying to lift the keys
                   to my bike and go for a joyride.

PRISS finally gets the ancient lock to work, and steps into her 
appartment.

                                   PRISS
                   Do us all a favor.  Don't try and
                   break in.

She goes into the appartment, shuts the door firmly behind her, and we 
hear the sound of several security measures -- deadbolts, electronic 
systems, and the like -- being set up.

                                   AKEMI
                   She's no fun at all.

                                  YOTSUYA
                   Ah, for the good old days.

Inside, PRISS doffs her jacket, and slumps onto the bed.

                                   PRISS
                   Well, at least that's over.  BEAT
                   Maybe I should go vote.  BEAT Nah.

PRISS turns her head to see the Journal.  She stares at it for a long 
moment, as if half expecting to have yet another hallucination of SYLIA's 
head.  Nothing happens, though.  PRISS slowly reaches out, lifts up the 
book, and rolling into a sitting position, sets it down in her lap.  She 
stares at it for another long moment, before opening the book to the first 
page.

                               MACKIE (V.O.)
                   This journal was written over a
                   thirty year period by Dr. Katsuhito
                   Stingray, the father of modern
                   robotics, and his daughter, Dr.
                   Sylia Stingray, who is now known to
                   have created the Knight Sabres, and
                   who is widely believed to have been
                   personally responsible for the 
                   nuclear explosion which devastated
                   Genom Tower four years ago.  Aside
                   from the commentary and footnotes,
                   there has been no editing of the
                   manuscript.  The original journal is
                   believed to be the only volume of
                   the journal of Dr. K. Stingray 
                   (hereafter referred to as Dr. 
                   Stingray, while his daughter shall 
                   be referred to as Sylia) which
                   survives, comprising his reflections
                   from 2011, when he first began to
                   achieve the breakthroughs that would
                   eventually lead to the creation of
                   the first cyberdroids, to 2016, when
                   he turned the journal over to --

PRISS abruptly begins to flip through the pages of the journal.

                                   PRISS
                   MUTTERED 2016, 2016 ...

She arrives at the page.  [SYLIA (AGE 6) sounds much like SYLIA in a good 
mood, with just a bit of hyperactivity thrown in.]

                           SYLIA (AGE 6) (V.O.)
                   Daddy wants me to write in this book
                   every day, he says its very very
                   important.  BEAT But it's HARD to 
                   write something every day!  I don't 
                   wanna write "Nothing happened, same 
                   as usual", all the time!  Momma said
                   I should just write how I feel, but 
                   I don't know all the words for how I
                   feel sometimes ...

                                   PRISS
                   CHUCKLES Now there's something I
                   never thought I'd hear her say ...
                   `I don't know'.

PRISS flips ahead a few more pages.  Something catches her eye.  [SYLIA 
(AGE 8) has gained a little more maturity and sounds a little sadder.]

                           SYLIA (AGE 8) (V.O.)
                   Momma is gone.  BEAT  Daddy has
                   said that she won't be coming back
                   from America.  She hasn't stopped
                   loving me, and it's not Mackie's
                   fault, and it's not Daddy's fault,
                   but she's not coming back.  BEAT
                   Why can't she come back?

                               MACKIE (V.O.)
                   Footnote:  Rally Stingray (born 
                   Irene Vincent) disappeared while on 
                   a personal trip to the United States 
                   in 2018.  She was never found alive 
                   or dead, no ransom note was ever 
                   delivered, and her fate remains a 
                   mystery to this day.

                                   PRISS
                   Geeze ...

She flips a few more pages, and stares at one for several moments.  [SYLIA 
(AGE 12)'s emotional state is obvious and her maturity is irrelevant.]

                           SYLIA (AGE 12) (V.O.)
                   WHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY?

PRISS flinches, and turns a single page.

                           SYLIA (AGE 12) (V.O.)
                   Oh father father, what have you done
                   to me?  BEAT My mind feels as
                   though it should explodespontaneous
                   combustion never proven but I think
                   it may happen soon.  BEAT  The
                   hardest part is seeing your face as
                   he kills youmustdiemustdiemustdie
                   for you aren't afraid, you pretend
                   to be afraid, but in your eyes is
                   only the cool certainty of your
                   vengeanceburntheyburntheyburn.
                   BEAT Whose thoughts am I thinking
                   is this you, some part of you that
                   you have tricked fate into letting
                   preserve even after your mortality
                   is consumed by fireburnburnburn. Is
                   there room in my mind for me?  Or
                   are these horridbeautiful weapons
                   that you have given me the tools to
                   create meant to take my place?

PRISS is growing more and more perplexed by all this.

                                   PRISS
                   What the hell?

Cut to the throne room of Crystal Tokyo.  SERENITY is seated on the 
throne, her hands resting on the arms, as NOA (who looks like hell) and 
JUPITER enter and come to stand before her.

                                 SERENITY
                   Good day, Chief Izumi.  BEAT I
                   apologize for summoning you before
                   you have had a chance to recuperate
                   from your injuries.

                                    NOA
                   I'm all right, your Majesty.  Just
                   a bit ... exhausted.

                                 SERENITY
                   Yes, understandably.  Attempting to
                   interface with a thought controlled
                   mecha which is being dominated by
                   another mentality can be exceedingly
                   draining.

NOA visibly swallows.

                                 SERENITY
                   Izumi, would you please explain to
                   me exactly how it came to pass that
                   a military system such as the neuro-
                   psychoimpulse operating system was
                   installed in your Patrol Labor?

JUPITER coughs, drawing SERENITY's attention.

                                  JUPITER
                   If *I* may explain, your Majesty?

                                 SERENITY
                   If you are better able to, please do
                   so.

                                  JUPITER
                   Around three months ago, the Realm
                   Intelligence Agency uncovered an
                   incredible military secret of the
                   Centauri Republic -- while their
                   mobile suit fleet is vastly superior
                   to ours in numbers, they lack a 
                   great deal of our fleet's technical
                   sophistication.  Notably, they had
                   not recaptured the neural interface
                   systems of previous eras.  In
                   theory, that evened up the odds in
                   any direct confrontation.

                                 SERENITY
                   A theory I would rather not see in
                   practice.

                                  JUPITER
                   Of course.  No more than would the
                   Centauri.  And our agents discovered
                   that the Centauri were aware that we
                   *had* discovered how to implement
                   direct thought control.  Naturally,
                   seeking to triumph in a potential
                   conflict with us with a minimum of
                   bloodshed on their part, they had
                   begun a project to acquire the
                   technology.  Interestingly enough,
                   the elements of the Centauri
                   government involved in this project
                   were closely allied with those
                   elements of their government which
                   had an interest in gaining control
                   over Earth and the Sol System.

                                 SERENITY
                   An understandable congruence of
                   interests, wouldn't you say?

                                  JUPITER
                   Indeed, your Majesty.  BEAT Of
                   course, our agents alerted Lady 
                   Mars and Lady Mercury, who as 
                   Commanding Admiral of the Fleet and
                   Chief Scientist of the Realm, held 
                   the greatest responsibility for 
                   preserving military technological 
                   secrets. BEAT  They immediately 
                   contacted me in the interest of 
                   increasing security at any of our 
                   installations which might be 
                   targetted.

JUPITER pauses as if she expects SERENITY to say something.  But SERENITY 
just gestures for JUPITER to continue.  With an uncomfortable expression,
she does.

                                  JUPITER
                   I was already aware that the
                   Centauri had conducted alliances
                   with various anti-monarchist groups
                   on Earth, and the beginnings of an
                   active espionage ring ... disturbed
                   me.  And then, as I was authorizing
                   an increase of security for the
                   Lunar base, it occured to me that
                   what we were doing was assuming a
                   defensive posture, as if we were
                   already under seige.  I wanted to
                   take a more aggressive stand.  And
                   that's when the plan developed.
                   We --

                                 SERENITY
                   You decided to install thought
                   control systems into Patrol Labors,
                   well aware that they are generally
                   kept under less intense guard than
                   Mobile Suits, in an effort to lure
                   the members of this espionage ring
                   into a trap?

JUPITER pauses, considering, then nods quickly.

                                  JUPITER
                   If the agents had gone after the
                   Mobile Suits, they would quite
                   probably have been killed in their
                   efforts, and we wouldn't have had
                   any idea as to how many more that
                   we might have to deal with.  Since
                   the police are supposed to *catch*
                   criminals, I believed that it would
                   be more likely that they would be
                   intercepted for questioning.

                                 SERENITY
                   I see.  *Were* any of the agents
                   captured?

                                  JUPITER
                   NODS One of the pilots of the
                   stolen labors, a Mr. Dzartenkin,
                   whom we've had under surveillance 
                   for some time as a potential agent 
                   of the Centauri, suffered only minor
                   injuries in the battle.  Having 
                   considered his options, he has 
                   elected to tell all.  Of course,
                   we're verifying all that he reveals
                   with a psychic probe.  BEAT In any
                   event, after the theft of the labors
                   was successfully commissioned last
                   week, we realized that if we began
                   looking immediately for the agents
                   that had infiltrated the police, we
                   would alert them to our knowledge of
                   their existance.  So it was proposed
                   that a Palladin should be brought in
                   from outside.  Palladins, as your
                   Majesty is aware, are brought in
                   because of their non-traditional way
                   of doing things.

                                 SERENITY
                   I see.  BEAT  Essentially, you
                   placed technology that could
                   potentially tip the balance of
                   power in the galaxy in easy reach
                   of the agents of an unfriendly 
                   government, in the hope that they 
                   would prove to be easily captured 
                   and made to reveal the full extent
                   of their operations on Earth, and 
                   used Ms. Asagiri to do *another*
                   fool's errand.  Is that correct?

JUPITER nods once.  SERENITY turns to NOA.

                                 SERENITY
                   Have you anything to add, Chief 
                   Izumi?

                                    NOA
                   Yes, your Majesty.  Two things.
                   BEAT The first, that I was the one
                   who approached Lady Jupiter with the
                   ideas she has described today, after
                   she had discreetly asked for input
                   as to how to handle the situation.

SERENITY looks at JUPITER, who nods a second time.

                                    NOA
                   And the second is that as an
                   unforseen outcome of this affair, my
                   Labor has developed sentience.

JUPITER clearly was not expecting this *at* *all*.  She whirls to look at 
NOA with a mixture of horror and awe on her face.  SERENITY is also 
surprised, but seems to be more interested in JUPITER's reaction than in 
the news itself.

                                 SERENITY
                   How extraordinary.  To what do you
                   credit this?

                                    NOA
                   The fact that the computer systems
                   of the Labor were constructed to 
                   imitate the neural pathways of a 
                   human brain, and so when they were
                   combined with the thought control 
                   mechanism, the sudden input of data
                   previously unavailable forced them 
                   to develop sentience in order to be
                   able to handle the new information.
                   BEAT I also believe that the
                   fierce emotions that the developing
                   sentience was exposed to as the
                   Operative and I struggled for control
                   of the system may have had something
                   to do with it, but this is not
                   supported by any theories about
                   self-awakening intelligences that I
                   am familiar with.

                                 SERENITY
                   Well.  I hope that you are ready to
                   assume responsibility for this new
                   intelligence which has been created.
                   BEAT In light of the fact that you
                   did, I am sure, take all reasonable
                   precautions to prevent the thought
                   control technology from being
                   misappropriated, despite the
                   necessity of it being briefly in
                   unfriendly hands, I find no fault in
                   your actions, Chief Izumi.  I hope,
                   however, that you considered all the
                   potential for disaster *before* you
                   suggested this strategy to Lady 
                   Jupiter.

                                    NOA
                   Yes, your Majesty.  BEAT  If I may
                   ask, is it permissable to inform the
                   members of the Division what exactly
                   this affair was about?  Thus far,
                   the only ones who know about the
                   situation are my second, Lieutenant
                   Nuriko, and Chief of Maintenance
                   Morisato.

                                 SERENITY
                   Of course.  They deserve to know,
                   beyond any doubt.

                                    NOA
                   Thank you, your Majesty.  BEAT
                   And Ms. Asagiri?

JUPITER's face hardens.

                                  JUPITER
                   Ms. Asagiri does *not* have a need
                   to know this --

                                 SERENITY
                   MILD Oh?

JUPITER turns to look at SERENITY, who is gazing at her placidly, and 
cannot quite meet her gaze.

                                 SERENITY
                   As the Palladin is not under your
                   supervision, you are not obligated
                   to do so, Chief Izumi.  Rest assured
                   that she *will* know, soon enough.

                                    NOA
                   Thank you, your Majesty.  Well, if
                   you'll excuse me, I've a new kid to
                   take care of ...

NOA begins to back away from the throne.

                                 SERENITY
                   Yes, once more, congratulations on
                   the birth of your third child.  Has
                   he been given a name yet?

NOA pauses, and looks a bit startled at SERENITY, who is gazing at her 
calmly.  NOA suddenly smiles.

                                    NOA
                   Actually, when he achieved a mental
                   age of about eight years, he decided
                   that he didn't like the name I'd
                   given him when he was born.  So he
                   chose a new one for himself.

                                 SERENITY
                   Remarkable.  And it was?

                                    NOA
                   Shinji.  BEAT  Good day, your
                   Majesty.

SERENITY's smile grows as she watches NOA walk cheerfully out the doors to 
the throne room, not diminishing as she turns to look at JUPITER, who is 
staring at her with blank incomprehension.

                                 SERENITY
                   A somewhat obscure joke.

                                  JUPITER
                   Serenity, I wouldn't blame you if
                   you were furious with me but --

                                 SERENITY
                   Lita.  I am not angry with you.  I
                   am not even upset with you.  I *am*
                   somewhat concerned for you.

                                  JUPITER
                   Huh?

                                 SERENITY
                   I am concerned that you did not feel
                   that you could trust me with this
                   information.  BEAT  Why?

JUPITER looks at SERENITY, who is looking at her with forgiving eyes and a 
peaceful expression, and closes her own eyes in a face of anguish.

                                  JUPITER
                   Because we're supposed to *protect*
                   you!

                                 SERENITY
                   From whom or from what were you
                   trying to protect me this time?
                   BEAT Lita.  I am the ruler and
                   guardian of this world.  You *are*
                   supposed to defend me against all
                   threats, but information which will
                   allow me to fulfill my duties is
                   not a threat.  BEAT  Now, if this
                   was an attempt to allow me to
                   retain some measure of innocence --

                                  JUPITER
                   WEAK Yes ...

                                 SERENITY
                   -- then you are in even greater need
                   of a day off than I had believed.
                   BEAT  Lita, I have long since come
                   to terms with the realities of my
                   situation.  The responsibility of
                   protecting the citizens of the realm
                   has required that I reconsider my
                   definitions of integrity.  Only as
                   long as the things that I must 
                   sometimes do or permit to be done
                   continue to bother me, shall I rule
                   in Crystal Tokyo.  If ever there
                   comes a day when the minute guilts
                   that I feel no longer bother me,
                   I shall forthwith resign, destiny
                   be hanged.

                                  JUPITER
                   But that's just it!  I didn't want
                   to add to the burden of guilt by
                   transfering --

                                 SERENITY
                   WEARY Lita!  You would not have
                   transferred anything -- you would
                   have allowed me to carry some of
                   your burden!  BEAT Is not that
                   the way that it was when we were
                   young?

JUPITER does not look directly at SERENITY as she says her next line.

                                  JUPITER
                   Too much has changed since then.

SERENITY looks at her with an anguished expression, then sighs.

                                 SERENITY
                   Jupiter, you will take the remainder
                   of this day and the entirety of the
                   next as a holiday.  Hopefully, the
                   rest will allow you to regain some
                   perspective.  BEAT  And in two
                   days, you will tell Ms. Asagiri the
                   facts of this matter.

JUPITER's face goes hard.

                                  JUPITER
                   I --

                                 SERENITY
                   There will be *no* debate on this 
                   matter, Jupiter.  I have made a 
                   promise to Ms. Asagiri, and I will
                   *not* let your anger against her
                   interfere.

                                  JUPITER
                   Don't you realize --

                                 SERENITY
                   Yes.  BEAT  I am also aware of all
                   of the circumstances.  I know why it
                   happened, and I know exactly what
                   was running through her mind *as* it
                   happened.  If you also possessed 
                   that knowledge, Lita, I do not 
                   believe that you would find it so
                   easy to condemn her.  BEAT  Do you
                   remember a night when you tried to
                   fool the Dark Kingdom into believing
                   that Serena wished to abandon the
                   Sailor Scouts?

                                  JUPITER
                   BROKENLY, CLOSE TO TEARS And to 
                   ... complete the trick, Serena ...
                   gave the Scepter to ... BEAT why
                   didn't y-- Serena trust me to not
                   give it away?

                                 SERENITY
                   Because she knew that you were too
                   gentle to watch her suffer if you 
                   could alleviate it.  And while Raye
                   is many things ... soft-hearted is
                   not one of them.  She could bring
                   herself to wait until the last
                   possible moment to save her ... 
                   which is why she is a general, and
                   you are a bodyguard.  Or will be, 
                   when you have rested a while.

JUPITER nods once, and turns to head towards the door.  She pauses just as 
she has opened the door, to look back at the Queen on her lonely throne.  

                                  JUPITER
                   I wish ... BEAT I wish a lot of
                   things.  I wish that I understood
                   why you can trust her ...

                                 SERENITY
                   For the same reasons that I could
                   trust Raye, then and now.

                                 JUPITER
                   But Asagiri's nothing like Raye!
                   She's l-- BREAKS OFF

JUPITER is silent in frustration for a moment, as SERENITY gazes at her
sadly.  And then she exits.

                                 SERENITY
                   She is ... and she isn't.  BEAT
                   Oh, Lita ...

Cut back to PRISS' bedroom.  She is reading the journal intently.  [SYLIA 
(AGE 21) is more or less the SYLIA of the series, but a touch more cooly 
analytical.  *Just* a touch ...]

                           SYLIA (AGE 21) (V.O.)
                   I may have found my second agent, a
                   recidivist female musician of the
                   genre termed "retrothrash".  Her
                   police record indicates that she
                   possesses remarkable strength for
                   a female, and a degree of expertise
                   in dirty infighting that rivals men
                   twice her age.  She came to my
                   attention when she began making a
                   nusiance of herself at an ADPolice
                   precinct, asserting that they were,
                   to quote from the transcript of an
                   interview conducted during her brief
                   incarceration as a public nusiance,
                   "fucking up completely" on the
                   investigation of her boyfriend's
                   death.  Her assertion that her lover
                   had been murdered by agents of GENOM
                   was the factor that truly attracted
                   my attention.  I shall be observing
                   her closely.

                                   PRISS
                   Recidivist?  What in hell is that?

                           SYLIA (AGE 21) (V.O.)
                   I have recruited her without much
                   incident.

                                   PRISS
                   You call me trying to put a knife
                   through you not much incident?!

                           SYLIA (AGE 21) (V.O.)
                   She has agreed with my aims of
                   bringing down Genom, claiming to
                   desire revenge for their murder of
                   her love.  I have conducted my own
                   investigation, and discovered the
                   truth behind the affair.  First, the
                   gangleader's claims of possessing 
                   secret knowledge of the activities 
                   of a "certain organization", which
                   were interpreted by Ms. A. as
                   referring to Genom were a) grossly
                   exaggerated, and b) in reference to
                   one of the few yakuza syndicates
                   that the corporation does *not*
                   possess a significant measure of
                   control over.  He was, it is clear
                   to me, killed as part of a conflict
                   within his gang that Ms. A. appears
                   to be unaware of.

PRISS is beyond shocked by this, her mouth is hanging open.

                           SYLIA (AGE 21) (V.O.)
                   Ms. A.'s quick identification of the
                   largest megacorporation in the world
                   as the body possessing the largest
                   degree of responsibility for the 
                   death of her lover -- and I use the 
                   word in a loose way, since according
                   to the information I have gathered, 
                   their relationship had deteriorated 
                   to the verge of a complete breakup 
                   shortly before his death -- is also
                   easily understood as a symptom of 
                   her self-destructive personality.  
                   She desires a death in flames, and 
                   an assault on Genom Tower would be a
                   suicidal move if ever there was one.
                   Set against this is a clearly shown
                   desire to be a part of *something* 
                   -- joining her gang, her band, and 
                   ultimately my team.  I could find 
                   parallels in the tales of many of 
                   the Grail Knights, whose desire to 
                   be a part of the quest was more than
                   enough to compensate for the almost
                   certain death that they courted, and
                   also the Bushido code that allowed a
                   samurai to willingly die at his 
                   lord's command.  A useful trait, if 
                   it can be properly channeled.  As I 
                   intend to do.

PRISS sets the book down, looking completely stunned.  Slowly, her face 
twists into an expression of utter rage and humiliation.

                                   PRISS
                   You.  BITCH!!!!

She flings the book across the room.  It slams into the wall and falls to 
the floor, falling open to a page marked "2033".  As we hear PRISS sobbing 
in the background, our view closes in on the page.  [SYLIA (AGE 23) is the 
SYLIA of the series ... but this is a side of her that we rarely saw.]

                           SYLIA (AGE 23) (V.O.)
                   How could I do that to her?  BEAT
                   She was crouched there, weeping over
                   the husk of one she loved ... and I
                   asked her to betray that final plea.
                   BEAT "I won't!  I won't betray my
                   friends!"  I would never have asked
                   her to betray Green or Pink ... why
                   did I allow myself to believe that
                   what she felt for S. was any less a
                   bond -- simply because it arose from
                   her "enhancements"?  Rather, because
                   I allowed myself to believe that it
                   did.  I allowed myself to believe
                   based on "facts" that only existed 
                   because I allowed  myself to believe
                   in them, and Blue is shattered.  
                   BEAT How could I do that to her?

Cut to the Martian dessert.  The car carrying RAYE, SHAMPOO, and RANMA 
speeds along through the frigid wastes, towards a large rock formation.  
The GEV system is very noisy.

                                   RAYE
                   SHOUTED Is that where it is?

                                   RANMA
                   SHOUTED Yes.

                                   RAYE
                   SHOUTED, DISGUSTED Let me guess --
                   you hewed her tomb from the living
                   rock with your bare hands.

                                   RANMA
                   SHOUTED Yup.

Suddenly, the orange sky of Mars is split by black lightning, converging
on the rock formation.  The car slows to a stop.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   What's wrong?

RAYE tries to start the car repeatedly.

                                   RAYE
                   It's gone dead.  Completely.  BEAT
                   Can you feel it?

SHAMPOO looks confusedly, while RANMA stares with a sick expression.

                                   RAYE
                   We're too late.  She's started.

Our view moves swiftly across the plain to come to the rock, moving up 
onto the very top of the stone -- where GENNOSUKE stands, her vampiric 
nature never more apparent than right now, holding the Dark Crystal in her 
hands.  Dark power surges all around her.  For a moment, all is as silent 
as death, a silence broken by a single word.

                                 GENNOSUKE
                   Mommy.

And then the dark power explodes forth.  Beneath the rock on which 
GENNOSUKE stands ... something shifts.

Cut to an darkened office, where SHEILA is seated at a word processor, 
typing furiously.  Her phone rings, and she picks it up while continuing 
to type with one hand.

                                  SHEILA
                   Hello, Sheila Tenkai.

A few breaths are the only response.  SHEILA stops typing, and looks at 
the phone with an annoyed expression.

                                  SHEILA
                   Heavy breathing.  Listen, whoever
                   you are -- this doesn't frighten me,
                   and it doesn't turn me on.  Now, if
                   you were to start talking about how
                   much you've been admiring me from
                   afar -- provided that you're a --

                               PRISS (PHONE)
                   Sheila?

                                  SHEILA
                   Priss?  BEAT  Priss, what's wrong?

                               PRISS (PHONE)
                   I ... I tried phoning Raye, but she
                   doesn't seem to be ...

                                  SHEILA
                   Priss ... are you alright?

                               PRISS (PHONE)
                   No.  BEAT  I ... I need --

                                  SHEILA
                   Hang on.  You're in Ikkoku-kan,
                   right?

                               PRISS (PHONE)
                   You know --

                                  SHEILA
                   I lived there when I was getting my
                   -- that's not important, I'll be
                   there in a minute.  See you soon.

                                   PRISS
                   I --

SHEILA hangs up, stands, pulls on a jacket ... and takes off at a run.  We 
see her dash out of a university building, jump into a car, and lift off 
in the blink of an eye.  Moments later, she arrives at Ikkoku-kan, and 
rushes in, through the hall, up the stairs, and to the door of room 5.  
She listens, for a moment, but hearing nothing, slowly opens the door.  
PRISS is sitting, curled up in a ball, on her bed.  The book is lying in 
front of her.

                                  SHEILA
                   Priss?

                                   PRISS
                   FLAT Hey.  Howsit going.

SHEILA steps into the room, closing the door behind her.

                                  SHEILA
                   I've been better.  Is that --

                                   PRISS
                   Tell me about yourself.

                                  SHEILA
                   Huh?

                                   PRISS
                   You know everything there is to know
                   about me, and I don't know anything
                   about you.  Tell me about yourself.

                                  SHEILA
                   Uh ... full name, Sheila Ten'ou-
                   Kaioh, born 12 September 2001 --
                   Virgo, blood type AB.  Height 170
                   cm, weight --

                                   PRISS
                   That's *not* what I meant.  BEAT
                   You had ... two mothers.  How'd
                   that happen?

                                  SHEILA
                   As I understand it -- it involved
                   this cursed spring in China and
                   artificial insemination.  
                   One of my parents splashed herself
                   with this ... "instant" variety of
                   water from this spring, and ...
                   well ... Aunt Amy always got really
                   embarrassed telling me about it.

                                   PRISS
                   What happened to them?

                                  SHEILA
                   SIGH A few months before my second
                   birthday ... they were both killed 
                   in the same battle that caused the
                   death of Serena.  You know about
                   that.

PRISS doesn't answer, doesn't look up.

                                  SHEILA
                   Anyway, they both died ... before I
                   really developed any clear memories
                   of either of them.  BEAT  Mom was
                   really broken up by all the death.
                   She'd loved Serena, of course, but
                   I think my parents' loss hurt her
                   almost as much.  She took me in ...
                   and for the next thirteen years, 
                   there was no Lady Jupiter.  She
                   refused to talk to any of the others
                   about "Sailor business" ... and she
                   wouldn't talk to Serenity at all.
                   She told me, later, that she wanted
                   me to have a normal childhood and
                   adolescence.  She succeeded ... for
                   a while, anyway.

                                   PRISS
                   What went wrong?

                                  SHEILA
                   Boy, that's really cynical.  I mean,
                   you don't know that anything went
                   wrong.  Something could have changed
                   for the better.  BEAT  What went
                   wrong?  There was this crazy woman.
                   I forget her name.  She saw me in a
                   shopping mall this one day, and just
                   up and decided that I was some girl
                   that was responsible for all her
                   problems -- like her brother's 
                   death.  I never did understand ...
                   anyway, she kidnapped me, tying me
                   up with these weird ribbons in this
                   deserted mansion.  BEAT  And Mom
                   came to get me with Aunt Raye.  It
                   was the first time I'd ever seen 
                   them in their uniforms.  They were
                   so ... magnificent.  BEAT  Mom
                   blasted the crazy woman with one of
                   her lightning bolts, and she went
                   down.  Then Mom, she came and untied
                   me, asked me if I was all right, and
                   when I told her that I was, she gave
                   me to Aunt Raye, and said that she'd
                   follow after a while.  Aunt Raye ...
                   she took me out of there -- I think
                   that she knew what was going to ...
                   anyway, I got loose, and I ran back
                   to grab hold of Mom, and hold her
                   and all that ... and I found that
                   she was hitting the crazy woman.
                   BEAT Over and over.  The poor
                   maniac couldn't fight back, she was
                   just lying there, letting Mom hit
                   her again and again and ... BEAT
                   Finally, there was this crunching
                   noise ... and I heard myself let
                   out a scream.  Mom turned around
                   then, and she was staring at me as
                   though she couldn't grasp the idea
                   that I'd seen her doing ... BEAT
                   You have to understand, she didn't
                   *hurt* me.  She just *scared* me.
                   But when Serenity arrived, after
                   she did something to turn Mom's
                   power off, she explained to me that
                   Mom was ... sick.  That she'd been
                   sick ever since Serena died, and
                   that Mom'd just shown that she had
                   been right to avoid using her powers
                   -- Serenity said something about
                   great power and great responsibility
                   that I later found out she'd gotten
                   out of a manga.  Anyway, since she
                   was also too sick to take care of 
                   me, I was going to be put in cryo-
                   sleep for a while, until she was
                   well.  BEAT  That's how I spent
                   most of the next eight hundred
                   years.  They let me out now and 
                   then ... first time in 2038.  Mom
                   had been given back her powers by
                   then, but I didn't see her.  I
                   didn't get to see her until ...
                   BEAT  Priss, what's wrong?  Why
                   did you call me?

PRISS looks up.  Her face is tearstreaked.

                                   PRISS
                   I found out that my "mom" did some
                   questionable things too.

                                  SHEILA
                   Your mom?  BEAT  You mean, in
                   Ms. Stingray's journal, she had
                   found out some things about your
                   m--

                                   PRISS
                   No.  BEAT  That was how she
                   thought of herself, at the end.
                   "It's not right for a mother to
                   outlive her children."  That was the
                   last entry in her journal.  She'd
                   started to think of me, and Nene,
                   and Linna as her kids.  BEAT  I
                   could have handled that, I mean, she
                   always seemed so much older than I
                   was, not three years, more like ten
                   ... but ...

PRISS reaches out to shove the book towards SHEILA.

                                   PRISS
                   Read.

                                  SHEILA
                   Uh ... are you sure that --

                                   PRISS
                   *Read.*

SHEILA comes over, sits down on the bed beside PRISS (keeping a safe 
distance at all times), picks up the book, and starts to read aloud.

                                  SHEILA
                   "23 April 2034.  I completed the 
                   upgrade early this morning.  I am 
                   very pleased with the improved 
                   arnament systems on all of the 
                   suits, even the strange ECM-based 
                   equipment that Nene designed last 
                   month, that I still can't quite 
                   figure out.  A preliminary field 
                   test indicates that it's workable,
                   however.  I will contact the others
                   tomorrow, to get started on the 
                   contract that we have just been 
                   offered.  I think I will actually 
                   contact Blue this evening ... she 
                   apparently has a concert." BEAT;
                   TURNS A PAGE  "She hates me."

SHEILA blinks, stares at the page, and looks at PRISS, who is sitting with 
her head in her knees.  SHEILA looks back at the page.

                                  SHEILA
                   "She hates me.  It's obvious, now.
                   And I can't blame her."  BEAT  "I
                   was late for her `gig', which was
                   apparently a farewell concert, since
                   she intends to move onto `the big
                   time' starting tomorrow.  I hoped to
                   at least congratulate her on her
                   success, so I stayed, standing in
                   the shadows of the club." BEAT  
                   "After everyone had left but the 
                   janitor, she came back out onto the
                   stage, examining the instruments, 
                   the lights ... and last, the mike.  
                   She stared at the mike for a long 
                   moment before she picked it up and 
                   started to sing, a capella.  It 
                   wasn't one of the songs that she 
                   usually did -- it started soft, and 
                   slow, and --"

                                   PRISS
                   Play.

The sound system in the corner of the room begins to play as per PRISS' 
spoken request.  The song is "What A Fool I Am", as recorded by Raye Hino, 
2896.

                                   SONG
                   I -- I've never realized
                   What I've given up for you
                   You -- you never gave me the chance
                   To be what I wanted, to love you as I am
                   Just like the love you never gave me
                   Doesn't stop me from wanting you,
                   And all the crazy lies you told me
                   Doesn't stop me ... from loving you

                   What a fool I am
                   What a fool I've been
                   Falling in love with you
                   Helplessly
                   What a fool I am
                   Oh, what a fool I've been
                   Begging my love for you
                   Endlessly

                   Now -- now that I've come to know
                   You never really cared
                   Still -- still in my heart I hold
                   This everlasting love
                   If only you reach into my heart
                   If only you could feel the love I have
                   Then maybe you'd come to realize
                   There's one in a million ... me.
                   Still I got to want you
                   Still I got to need you
                   Still I come begging ...
                   For your love ...

                                   PRISS
                   FLAT Off.

The music stops.  SHEILA looks at PRISS (who is still curled up) with a 
shaken expression, then resumes her reading.

                                  SHEILA
                   "... it can only have been about me.
                   No one has ever asked her to give
                   as much up as I have ... and for
                   what?  A crusade against a foe that
                   I long ago realized that we could
                   never defeat?"  BEAT  "She has
                   given everything for *my* causes,
                   and when have I ever shown her any
                   gratitude ... or even compassion for
                   her losses?" BEAT "The hardest
                   part is the idea that she loved me.
                   For so long, I have been struggling
                   with my attraction to her ... she is
                   so beautiful, so vulnerable, so ...
                   needing love ... and to learn that
                   she could have loved me is almost
                   more than I can --"

PRISS does not look up.

                                   PRISS
                   She goes on like that for a few
                   pages.  "I am such a terrible person
                   that no one could ever love me, boo
                   hoo."  And you know, not too long 
                   ago I would have agreed with her.
                   BEAT It wasn't about *her*!  I
                   didn't even *think* of her when I
                   wrote it!  It was about -- someone
                   else.  Someone I realized, after it
                   was too late -- that she might have
                   been just using me.  That she might
                   have not even known what love was.
                   I wrote it the morning after ... and
                   I only ever sang it that one time 
                   ... and it had to be the one fucking
                   time that *she* came to one of my 
                   shows ...

Suddenly, PRISS looks up with a furious expression, reaches out, and tries 
to grab the book from SHEILA, who is startled but doesn't let go.

                                   PRISS
                   DAMN YOU, SYLIA!  WHY THE HELL DID
                   YOU HAVE TO BE SUCH A GODDAMN EGO
                   FREAK?!  IT WASN'T ABOUT YOU!  HOW
                   DARE YOU FALL IN LOVE WITH ME AND
                   NEVER TELL ME ABOUT IT!  WHY DIDN'T
                   YOU SAY SOMETHING?!  WHY COULDN'T
                   YOU --

                                  SHEILA
                   -- give you the chance, to be what
                   you wanted, to love her as you were?

                                   PRISS
                   YES!  BEAT; WHISPERED Oh fuck.

She drops her grip on the book, and SHEILA gently sets it down on the 
floor.  PRISS has a completely horrified expression on her face.

                                  SHEILA
                   That's the problem with love songs.
                   What they mean to someone will 
                   depend on what that person feels ...
                   and like any true piece of art, what
                   the songwriter intended isn't the 
                   issue.

                                   PRISS
                   WHISPERED No ... no, I *couldn't*
                   have ... I ...

PRISS suddenly begins to cry.  SHEILA looks at her a moment, before 
holding open her arms.  PRISS collapses into her embrace, sobbing.

Cut to outside the door of room 5.  We can hear PRISS' sobbing, and 
SHEILA's gentle words of solace.  Our view rotates to show JUPITER, who is
standing just outside the door with a furious expression.  Her hand
crackles with lightning momentarily.  She shakes her head, and turns to
walk away.

                                  JUPITER
                   MUTTER She's going to break her
                   heart.  I *know* that she's going to
                   break her heart.

Cut to a passageway in the palace.  SERENITY walks aimlessly through the 
hallway, examining the crystal structure idly.  Suddenly, a MALE PAGE runs 
up to her.

                                   PAGE
                   Your Majesty!  The results of the 
                   vote have just been released!


SERENITY closes her eyes.

                                 SERENITY
                   And what were they?

                                   PAGE
                   Approximately 52% of those voting
                   *rejected* the proposition of ending
                   the alliance with Jurai, your
                   Majesty.

SERENITY lets out a long, shuddering breath.

                                   PAGE
                   Voter turnout was the highest since
                   the last monarchal referrendum, at
                   97%.  Would you like a complete
                   summary of the results, your 
                   Majesty?

SERENITY opens her eyes, and smiles at the PAGE.

                                 SERENITY
                   No, young man, that won't be 
                   necessary.  BEAT  Please inform
                   the Royal Publicist that I shall
                   make an address on this topic ...
                   shortly.

                                   PAGE
                   Yes, your Majesty.

SERENITY starts to walk away, then turns to smile again at the page.   He 
smiles back, but looks somewhat confused at the same time.  She turns to 
walk away again, to the doors of the throne room.  She rests her hand on 
the door for a few moments, as if preparing herself for something ... then 
opens the door.

Inside, a reddish-brown haired woman in a black leather jumpsuit (FUJIKO)
is sitting on the throne, with one leg thrown over the arm.

                                  FUJIKO
                   Hello, your Queenship.  Congrats on
                   the vote going your way ... it's
                   gonna be the last thing that will
                   for a while.

                                 SERENITY
                   Really?  Tell me, Ms. Fujiko, what
                   is there to stop me from summoning
                   enough guards to fill this room --
                   or if you are jamming the radio, to
                   defeat you myself?  I am very far
                   from helpless ...

                                  FUJIKO
                   My employers took that into
                   consideration.

FUJIKO produces a bracelet, and tosses it to SERENITY, who catches it 
easily.

                                  FUJIKO
                   Standard power dampening bracelet.
                   If you'd put it on, please?

                                 SERENITY
                   Why in the world would I do a silly
                   thing like that?

FUJIKO produces a grenade-like device, which she keeps a very firm grip 
on.

                                  FUJIKO
                   Thermal detonator, with an unusual
                   trigger mechanism.  First, there's a
                   standard "dead-man's" switch.  If I
                   release it, boom.  But there's also
                   a magic-sensitive trigger -- any
                   significant build up of magical
                   energy within a few hundred feet,
                   boom.  In other words, you can
                   always try to blast me ... but even
                   if you build up the energy to do it
                   in under a second, it'll still go
                   off when I release it.  And while
                   you can probably teleport away
                   before the bomb goes off ... can
                   everyone else in the Palace?

SERENITY is very still for a moment.

                                 SERENITY
                   There are over two hundred people in
                   the palace at any given time.  Your
                   employer desires to see me so much
                   that he is willing to kill --

                                  FUJIKO
                   Looks like it.  So?  Are you gonna
                   put that thing on?  'Cause my thumb
                   is starting to ache ...

                                 SERENITY
                   SIGH I really do not understand
                   why some people cannot stand to make
                   appointments ... very well.

SERENITY places the bracelet around her right wrist, and clicks it shut.  
We see a brief sizzle as it clicks, but nothing else seems to happen.

                                  FUJIKO
                   Hey, I can see your point.  But on
                   the other hand, I'm getting paid a
                   lot to escort you to my employer --
                   so I'm just as glad that he didn't.
                   Shall we go?

                                 SERENITY
                   I suppose we should.

FUJIKO hops off the throne, walks to the door, and holds it open for 
SERENITY, smiling nastily.  SERENITY walks calmly out the door, and FUJIKO 
closes it behind them.

                          To Be Continued.





------------------------------------------------------------------------


Together Again: 2937 Chapter, 04/21/97