



                                 INTERLUDE

Establishing Shot:  TENCHI's sleeping face, in dim lighting.  He awakens 
slowly, and yawns, before blinkingly sitting up in bed.  He is wearing a 
pair of pyjama bottoms and no shirt, showing off his muscles.  His 
expression grows bland as he notices something.  Our view changes to 
include a bleary eyed RYOUKO who is sitting cross legged on the edge of 
his bed, staring at him.  Slowly, TENCHI smiles, leans over, and kisses 
RYOUKO between her eyebrows.  RYOUKO blinks, and comes to full 
consciousness.  She blushes a bit.

                                  RYOUKO
                   `Mom' is gonna kill me if she finds
                   out you did that.

                                  TENCHI
                   I don't think your mother is quite
                   that vindictive.  BEAT Ryouko, you
                   don't have to stay up all night
                   standing guard over me.  We're in
                   the most secure fortress on Earth --

                                  RYOUKO
                   You'll forgive me if I don't have a
                   high opinion of Earth `security' at
                   the moment.

TENCHI gives a weary sigh, and stands up, stretching.  There is the sound 
of joints cracking.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Sleep well?

                                  TENCHI
                   SHRUG More or less.  I'm feeling
                   my age this morning, though ...

RYOUKO is instantly concerned.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Should we have stayed at the shrine,
                   like Ayeka wanted?

                                  TENCHI
                   SHAKES HEAD No ... even the Funaho
                   wouldn't make me feel young this
                   morning.

TENCHI walks over to the bedroom window, and looks out over Crystal Tokyo.
Reversing the view, we pull back to show that he is in a room high in the
central tower of the Crystal Palace, and that it's a rainy day, with
clouds covering everything.

Back in TENCHI's room.

                                  TENCHI
                   It would have been her birthday,
                   today.

RYOUKO's face takes on its rarely seen sympathetic look, but TENCHI 
doesn't look back.

                                  TENCHI
                   I'd always call her.  Every year.
                   She always took the time to talk to
                   me, even when things were hectic at
                   Headquarters ... she was always so
                   ... happy.  Happy to hear from me.
                   Happy to be alive.  BEAT I don't
                   remember what I said the last time,
                   though.  I remember ... I remember
                   the time after the last time. BEAT
                   I called her office, and the new 
                   fellow answered.  I apologized, and 
                   hung up.  And then ... then I called
                   her home.  BEAT  And nobody 
                   answered.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Tenchi ...

                                  TENCHI
                   The next thing I knew, Washuu was
                   waking me up.  I was back in bed.
                   I remember somebody pulling me
                   away from the communicator after I
                   had tried for the fortieth time ...
                   it must have been Washuu. She 
                   denies it though.

RYOUKO appears to be EXTREMELY embarrassed to hear this.

                                  TENCHI
                   I'd give just about anything to hear
                   her laughing one more time.  BEAT
                   No.  Anything.

We pull back from TENCHI's window again, coming down to look at a memorial 
in Monument Park.  On the monument we read:

                             KURAMITSU MIHOSHI
                                 1974-2078
                     "Be to her faults a little blind,
                       Be to her virtues very kind."

                       An Inevitable Outcome Feature

                           Written and Directed
                           by C. Richard Davies

                              TOGETHER AGAIN

                               2937 Chapter

                           Based on the works of
                     Naoko Takeuchi, Rumiko Takahashi,
                   Suzuki Toshimichi, Haruka Takachiho,
                        Hiroki Hayashi, Yuuki Masami
                    and various interpretations therof.

                Dedicated to Gryphon, MegaZone, and ReRob.

                                  ACT TWO

Establishing Shot: A view from above of PRISS asleep in a double bed.  The 
covers are messed up enough for us to see that she's wearing a tanktop and 
a pair of boxers.  Her hair is spread all over, and she looks like she 
isn't sleeping peacefully.  Her eyes suddenly flash open.

                                   PRISS
                   GROGGILY The hell it will ...

She gets out of bed, and shuffles out of the bedroom, going into a 
bathroom.  We hear the shower running.  Our view holds firm on the bedroom 
for a few minutes.  The running water stops, and PRISS walks back into the 
bedroom, looking much more coherent.

                                   PRISS
                   TALKING TO HERSELF `It's going to
                   be all right.'  Where the hell did 
                   that come from?  Sylia never said
                   *anything* like that when she came 
                   after me.

PRISS shakes her head and walks out of the bedroom.  She arrives in the 
living room, and stares at what is going on there.

Dressed in a white blouse and red skirt, RAYE is practicing with a 
katana.  The kata she performs are eerily familiar (especially if the 
viewer has seen "The Road We Walk" or "Apotheosis"), but would be very 
unorthodox to a practitioner of traditional kendo.  They involve the use 
of her superhumanly fast reflexes to accomplish things that an ordinary 
fencer could never hope to achieve.  Even so, some of the moves seem just 
a bit ... off.  RAYE's face, while completely focused on the training, 
seems slightly troubled all the same.  Finally, after completing an 
incredible maneuver -- involving a flying cartwheel across the length of 
the living room -- she halts, holding the katana in a ready position.

                                   PRISS
                   Yo.

RAYE turns to leap across the room and point the sword at the base of 
PRISS' neck before she realizes what she's doing.  A look of shock crosses 
RAYE's face, while PRISS seems fairly unimpressed -- or at least she hides 
it well.

                                   PRISS
                   And good morning to you too.

RAYE embarrassedly puts down her sword, making it vanish without any 
special effects.  Perhaps she hides it in the folds of her skirt.  Perhaps 
not.

                                   RAYE
                   Very sorry.  But it's not wise to 
                   sneak up on someone in the middle of
                   a --

                                   PRISS
                   Interesting form ... I think I saw
                   some familiar elements, but there
                   were more I didn't recognize.

                                   RAYE
                   WIDE EYED You astound me.  I
                   didn't expect you to be a conoisseur
                   of sword styles.

PRISS heads for the kitchen, with RAYE following close behind.

                                   PRISS
                   Well, I'm not.  Linna practiced
                   a bit of kendo, and she liked to
                   show off.  BEAT So'd Sylia, but
                   she never showed off ... where'd
                   you learn yours?

PRISS starts hunting breakfast in the kitchen cupboards.

                                   RAYE
                   Well, some of it's Jurain fencing,
                   some maneuvers I picked up from the
                   Mano clan --

                                   PRISS
                   Who?

                                   RAYE
                   Nobody you'd have heard of.  BEAT
                   Most of it's ...

PRISS finds what she's looking for, gets a box of "Overly Sugared Crisps" 
out of the cupboard, blinks as she realizes that RAYE hasn't said anything 
in a few moments, and turns to look at her.  RAYE's eyes are very far 
away.

                                   PRISS
                   Most of it's what?

                                   RAYE
                   SLOW Most of it is a style that
                   was developed by someone I wronged a
                   long time ago.  Before --

                                   PRISS
                   WEARY Before I was born ... You're
                   starting to make me think the world
                   turned boring in 2013 ...

RAYE chuckles a bit while PRISS gets a carton of milk out of the 
refrigerator.

                                   RAYE
                   I wouldn't say that.  BEAT It was 
                   a slow year, but ...

PRISS sighs as she pours herself a bowl of cereal, the cereal box in one 
hand and the milk in the other.

                                   PRISS
                   Want some?

                                   RAYE
                   I already ate.

                                   PRISS
                   So ... thanks for letting me crash
                   here last night.  My new digs aren't
                   s'posed to be ready 'til later
                   today ...

                                   RAYE
                   Want help moving in?

                                   PRISS
                   Moving what in?  I don't *own*
                   anything yet.  Besides, don't you
                   have stuff you're supposed to be
                   doing?

                                   RAYE
                   Not really.

                                   PRISS
                   What about that Izumi thing?

                                   RAYE
                   Oh.  *That*.  A simple case of what
                   happens when people get exaggerated
                   ideas about their importance.

                                   PRISS
                   I refuse to say `Huh'.

                                   RAYE
                   Noa Izumi II is the chief of Crystal
                   Tokyo's Patrol Labor Batallion.  She
                   is in charge of all the mecha --
                   labor is the term used for any mecha
                   used on planetary surfaces --

                                   PRISS
                   SOTTO VOCE Where've I heard that
                   name before ...

                                   RAYE
                   -- while any spacefaring mecha are
                   called mobile suits.  Anyway, she's
                   in charge of the mecha that the
                   police use.  They're mostly used for
                   ceremonial functions these days --

                                   PRISS
                   Like the ones that were guarding the
                   gates of the palace last night.

                                   RAYE
                   Right.  Anyway, last week somebody
                   broke into police headquarters and
                   stole a few of the patrol labors
                   there.  Including Chief Izumi's
                   `personal, private labor' -- to
                   which she displays a degree of
                   attachment that borders on religious
                   devotion.

                                   PRISS
                   STRAIGHTFACED A real labor of 
                   love, huh?

RAYE stares at PRISS, open-mouthed.  Finally, she groans like one mortally 
wounded, and collapses into a chair, thumping at her heart.  PRISS grins.

                                   RAYE
                   Run for the hills, she's got a sense
                   of humor!  That was awful ...

                                   PRISS
                   So what are you gonna do about it?

                                   RAYE
                   I'm contemplating tickling you into
                   submission.

                                   PRISS
                   FLUSHES NOT ME, BAKA!  What are
                   you gonna do about this labor
                   problem ... no pun intended.

                                   RAYE
                   I'll probably contact one of the
                   local private investigators -- it's
                   really too unimportant to use one
                   of our own agents on it.

                                   PRISS
                   Okay, whatever.

RAYE looks at PRISS consideringly for a few moments.

                                   RAYE
                   Priss ... do you *want* the job?

                                   PRISS
                   What gives you that idea?

                                   RAYE
                   Well, you seemed to be showing an
                   interest in it.  If you want it, I
                   can't order you to *not* investigate
                   matters, and I'll back you up one
                   hundred percent ...

                                   PRISS
                   Well ... Serenity mentioned it to me
                   when we were talking, and it seemed
                   like she was stressing it for some 
                   reason.  I --

RAYE holds up a hand.

                                   RAYE
                   A word.  Never ever try to second
                   guess Serenity.  Nobody understands
                   how she thinks.  BEAT I learned
                   to not do that the hard way,
                   recently, if you'll remember.
                   Anyway, if you want the job, it's
                   yours for the taking -- I can't
                   order you to do anything, I can
                   only advise you.  And my advice is
                   that this isn't really worth a lot
                   of effort.

                                   PRISS
                   SHRUGS It'll keep me off the
                   streets.  I'll go see Izumi later
                   today ...

                                   RAYE
                   Oh, that reminds me ...

RAYE gets up from her chair and heads over to a message board on the wall. 
She takes a note down from it, and reads it.

                                   RAYE
                   Dr. Bairessey, the Dean of History
                   at the university, gave you a phone
                   call this morning, inquiring as to
                   whether or not you'd changed your
                   mind about consulting with him.
                   LOOKS UP What's this about?

                                   PRISS
                   Oh, some fanboy-turned-scholar found
                   out that you'd brought me back and
                   asked whether or not I'd like to
                   give my version of events so he
                   could make his book on the `Crisis'
                   as accurate as possible.  Offered to
                   let me see Sylia's journal if I did.

                                   RAYE
                   Really?  BEAT  You know, taking a
                   look at that journal might help you
                   with your memory ...

                                   PRISS
                   You think so?

                                   RAYE
                   I don't know much about psychology
                   or neurology, but it only makes
                   sense that if you find a reference
                   to events that you experienced in
                   the journal, you might be able to
                   make sense out of your memories of 
                   them ...

                                   PRISS
                   I guess.  BEAT Hell, what's the
                   harm?  It's just a little time, and
                   I got plenty of that, right?

                                   RAYE
                   True enough.  Want a lift to the 
                   palace?

PRISS swallows audibly.

                                   RAYE
                   It's *perfectly* safe.

                                   PRISS
                   Gimme a few minutes to get dressed,
                   and we'll talk about it.

PRISS gets up and heads for the living room.  She pauses as she's about to 
exit, and turns to look back at RAYE.

                                   PRISS
                   Why are you heading to the palace?

RAYE's face grows somber.

                                   RAYE
                   I have a memorial service to attend.

Cut to a cramped room with bunk beds.  YURI is lying on the top bunk, her 
eyes distant.  By her side lies a device similar in size and shape to a 
walkman, the cord running up into her hair.  The door to the room slides 
open, and KEI walks in, ranting.

                                    KEI
                   --s the point?  I mean, what IS the
                   point?  Video games do NOT teach you
                   how to fire a gun, so WHAT IS THE
                   POINT of using video games for
                   target practice?  THERE'S NO RECOIL,
                   DAMMIT!

KEI notices YURI's expression, hops up onto the top bunk, and waves a hand 
in front of her face.  YURI blinks, picks up the `walkman', and taps the 
side of it.

                                    KEI
                   Whatcha doin?

YURI pulls the cord out of the datajack under her ear with an faintly 
audible pop.

                                   YURI
                   Catching up on the last eight
                   hundred years.  BEAT  Some bad
                   shit has gone down ...

                                    KEI
                   But it wasn't our fault.

                                   YURI
                   SHAKES HEAD I don't know about
                   that, Kei.  I think ... anyway, do
                   you wanna see for yourself?

                                    KEI
                   Gimme the synopsis.

                                   YURI
                   Okay.  BEAT  After we got `killed'
                   and the Planet Pirate Ring got 
                   broken up, things started to change
                   in the WWWA.  First of all, Goulet
                   had a nervous breakdown when the
                   report about us came in.

                                    KEI
                   He did?  Gee, I guess he really did
                   like us all the while ...

                                   YURI
                   The disc said something about 
                   `convulsions of joy', Kei.  BEAT
                   Anyway, the fight against the Planet
                   Pirates was pretty draining on WWWA
                   manpower -- heavy casualties.  There
                   was a major recruiting drive started
                   around 2150 that used our image
                   extensively.

A series of still shots follow, illustrating Yuri's commentary.  First, a 
bunch of posters with Kei and Yuri's images in the familiar "I want YOU!" 
pose of Uncle Sam.

                                YURI (V.O.)
                   What this produced was a lot of new
                   T.C.'s that wanted to be just like
                   us.

Various shots of Trouble Consultants in battle bikinis -- some of whom are 
male -- possibly including the "Kei" and "Yuri" of Dirty Pair Flash.  They 
are all rushing into danger with no care for their own safety.

                                YURI (V.O.)
                   The problem was, they weren't us.

The Trouble Consultants from before, but much worse off.  Injuries, 
dismemberments, and fatalities abound.

                                YURI (V.O.)
                   They wound up getting into as much
                   trouble as we did, but didn't come 
                   out of it as good as us.  Actually,
                   it was almost like a sick, twisted,
                   nihilistic parody of us.

Various buildings, cities and planets get blown up real good.

                                YURI (V.O.)
                   And the scary thing is, the Central
                   Computer kept on ruling that it
                   wasn't their fault.  BEAT Just 
                   like it always had for us.

                                KEI (V.O.)
                   I don't like the sound of this ...

A number of shadowy figures -- one of whom resembles Tenchi -- approach 
the bulk of the Central Computer.

                                YURI (V.O.)
                   Anyway, by 2160, United Galactica 
                   had had enough, and ordered a 
                   complete diagnostic of the Central
                   Computer.

The Central Computer begins to fire energy blasts at the shadowy figures, 
and the one that looks like Tenchi generates a force field to defend 
himself.

                                YURI (V.O.)
                   The Central Computer didn't take 
                   well to having its wisdom questioned
                   I guess.  Ultimately, they had to
                   shut it down.

The Tenchi-like shadowy figure -- by now the only one left -- slams an 
energy blade into the side of the Central Computer.

                                YURI (V.O.)
                   Permanently.  BEAT  That was the
                   end of the WWWA.  Some of the
                   surviving T.C.'s founded new groups
                   to pick up the slack, but none ever
                   really measured up.

Scenes of people yelling at each other across a parliamentary or 
congressional hall.  Some of them are even coming to blows.

                                YURI (V.O.)
                   United Galactica kept right on
                   growing, but without the -- the disc
                   used the term `immune system' -- of
                   the WWWA to solve problems before
                   they got big enough to threaten
                   multiple planets, the U.G. had to
                   start interfering in the internal
                   politics of the member planets.
                   BEAT Which was a violation of the
                   U.G.'s constitution.  BEAT Which
                   led to the collapse.

Scenes of interstellar war.  Dozens of starships clash at once.

                                YURI (V.O.)
                   There were several wars already
                   started by the time the United
                   Galactica formally disolved in 2188,
                   and they just got bigger afterwards.
                   Others started up.  But put simply,
                   it was a state of affairs that just
                   couldn't last.  Interstellar warfare
                   is too expensive to maintain for 
                   any length of time, but a lot of the
                   newer colonies had to go to the 
                   point of economic collapse before 
                   they realized it.  A lot never
                   recovered ...

We cut back to KEI and YURI, sitting on the bed.  KEI has curled up with 
her chin on her knees, and has an "Oh boy are we in trouble" expression.

                                   YURI
                   Of those that did, they formed small
                   confederations of maybe a few dozen
                   worlds each.  Maybe the largest was
                   the `new' Jurain Empire -- the
                   Jurains had always maintained a lot
                   of influence over their old colonies
                   and they managed to reform and even
                   expand on their holdings, until
                   they're larger today than they were
                   when the Empire was formally broken
                   up in 2100. BEAT Kei?  Are you
                   thinking what I'm thinking?

KEI looks up angrily.

                                    KEI
                   NO!  Dammit, none of this is *our*
                   fault!  NONE!

                                   YURI
                   BLINKS I was about to ask you if
                   you wanted to go get something to
                   eat.  I'm hungry.  Actually, I'm
                   more thirsty than --

KEI groans and gently hits her head against her knees.

Cut to a room with a bank of monitors against one wall.  The center four 
show KEI and YURI from a variety of angles.  The rest show various news 
and entertainment programs.  The CHIEF is watching the monitors with a 
cold smile.  Beside his chair is a YOUNGER MAN.

                                   CHIEF
                   So now they know ...

                                YOUNGER MAN
                   Sir, just how accurate is that disc?

                                   CHIEF
                   Oh, perfectly accurate, as far as it
                   goes.  But it was made around 2300,
                   and neglects to elaborate on how
                   much Galactic society was actually
                   improved by the collapse of the
                   U.G., since they didn't realize just
                   how good things were getting.

                                YOUNGER MAN
                   Then it also doesn't mention Earth's
                   re-entrance onto the Galactic stage
                   two hundred years ago.  Should I
                   have another one prepared with
                   sufficiently accurate lies about
                   Serenity's reign?

                                   CHIEF
                   No ... no, I think we'll go for the
                   emotional appeal, rather than the
                   rational one.  We've got them right
                   where we want them ...

                                YOUNGER MAN
                   Excellently done sir.

                                   CHIEF
                   Oh shut up, Smithers.

Cut to Mihoshi's monument.  Five rows of chairs have been set up in front 
of the stone obelisk, and a portable lectern beside it.  They are mostly 
unoccupied.  LADY JUPITER, LADY MERCURY, ENDYMION, and RAYE have all taken 
up positions in the second or third rows.  TENCHI sits in the center of 
the first row, with TSUNAMI and WASHUU on either side of him.  AYEKA is 
seated beside RAYE.  RYOUKO is sitting immediately behind TENCHI.  
SERENITY suddenly materializes a few feet to the side of the lectern, and 
walks to stand behind it.

                                 SERENITY
                   I have been asked to speak today.
                   BEAT I did not know Kuramitsu
                   Mihoshi as well as some of those
                   present.  I met her only a handful
                   of times between 1996 and her final
                   passage more than eighty years
                   later.  But anyone who met her, even
                   for a moment, could not help but be
                   impressed by her tremendous love of
                   life ...

TENCHI bows his head momentarily, and WASHUU gently caresses his cheek.  
Behind them, RYOUKO flinches.  We close in on her eye, as SERENITY's 
speech slowly fades out.

Cut to a cathedral like structure, which is the throne room of the Emperor 
of Jurai.  The throne itself is raised up above a large court, which is 
currently crowded with Jurains.  RYOUKO is casually leaning against one of 
the pillars, grinning broadly.  Several Jurain nobles pass by and give her 
sharply disapproving looks, which only make her grin wider.  MIHOSHI comes 
stumbling into view.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Hey!  Mihoshi!  Over here!

MIHOSHI comes over to RYOUKO.

                                  MIHOSHI
                   Wow, Ryouko, I never expected to get
                   invited to a big party like this ...
                   I don't know how to act!

                                  RYOUKO
                   GRINS EVILLY Just be yourself,
                   kid.  SOTTO VOCE That should scare
                   the hell out of 'em.

                                  MIHOSHI
                   Ano?

                                  RYOUKO
                   I said, if you think *this* is a
                   party, you should see the one I'm
                   gonna throw when me and Tenchi get
                   hitched.  Just as soon as Azusa
                   and him work out the details ... I
                   can see it now ...

We start to close in on RYOUKO's eye.

                              MIHOSHI (O.S.)
                   But ... Ryouko, when Tenchi becomes
                   emperor, doesn't he have to marry a
                   Jurain?

RYOUKO's eye clenches, and we return to a full view of the two of them.  
RYOUKO turns to look at MIHOSHI.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Do you sabotage weather control
                   devices before parades?

                                  MIHOSHI
                   Huh?

                                  RYOUKO
                   Yeah, I know I'm gonna have to ...
                   *share* him.  But.  I.  Can.  Deal.
                   With.  That.  BEAT I can even deal
                   with it being ... you know who.

                                  MIHOSHI
                   Who?

                                  RYOUKO
                   ARE YOU JUST COMPLETELY OBLIVIOUS OR
                   WHAT?

MIHOSHI flinches away from RYOUKO's fury.  Tears begin to pool in her 
eyes.

                                  RYOUKO
                   BEATEN Don't ...

MIHOSHI starts to wail.  Everyone is now staring at RYOUKO, but it's not a 
"why-is-that-creature-here" stare, instead a "look-at-what-horror-that- 
creature-has-unleashed" stare.  RYOUKO is profoundly embarrassed.  
Suddenly, the large double doors at the back of the hall open, and AZUSA 
marches in, his face even more of a storm cloud than it is normally.  He 
is followed by MISAKI and FUNAHO, a discreet distance behind, who stand on 
either side of white-robed TENCHI (FUNAHO is on his right).  Behind them 
are SASAMI -- who has entered early adolescence (roughly fourteen years 
old, in human terms) and AYEKA, who has obviously been crying.  Last to 
enter before the doors are closed is WASHUU, with a serious expression.  
The royal train proceeds through the court, stopping all conversation, 
with WASHUU stopping to stand with RYOUKO and MIHOSHI (whom she silences 
with a gesture), and the others proceeding up the stairs.  FUNAHO, MISAKI, 
AYEKA, and SASAMI stop at the second landing, while AZUSA and TENCHI 
continue up to the throne.  AZUSA sits on the throne, and when TENCHI 
looks like he is about to take the final step that will bring him up to 
AZUSA's level, AZUSA glares at him.  TENCHI stays one step below AZUSA's 
throne, standing to one side and facing the crowd.  AZUSA stares at his 
back almost angrily for a moment, then turns to face the court.

                                   AZUSA
                   Due to the recent ... final passing
                   of my son -- Yoshou -- I have been
                   f-- I have *chosen* to declare that
                   my heir -- the heir to the throne of
                   Jurai and the Empire -- is Tenchi.
                   BEAT Of Earth.

There is a moment of silence ... and then the whispering starts.  Some of 
the nobles in the crowd are staring with open hostility at TENCHI.  RYOUKO 
is smiling wickedly.  WASHUU's face is flat.

                                  WASHUU
                   Daughter.

RYOUKO turns to look at WASHUU, who doesn't meet her gaze.

                                  WASHUU
                   In the days that are to come,
                   remember.  I did not want things to
                   be as they are.

RYOUKO blinks, and opens her mouth to ask what WASHUU means by that, when 
TENCHI breaks in.

                                  TENCHI
                   Since the dawn of our people, the
                   Emperor has had two wives.  One to
                   represent his eternal binding to
                   the people of Jurai.  The other to
                   represent his committment to the
                   Universe of which Jurai is a part.
                   BEAT The Princess Sasami has
                   consented to represent, for me,
                   the people of Jurai.

TENCHI smiles down at SASAMI, who smiles back up at him.  Our view tilts 
to include AYEKA, who is looking up at him with tear-filled eyes.  
TENCHI's smile fades.  Cut to a close shot of RYOUKO's face.  She is VERY 
happy to hear this.

                                  RYOUKO
                   WHISPERED All right!

TENCHI pauses for a long moment, his eyes looking across the room.  
Finally, he settles on the trio of MIHOSHI (who is excited), RYOUKO (who 
is also excited), and WASHUU (who is downcast).  He takes a deep breath.

                                  TENCHI
                   Hakubi Washuu, will you consent to
                   represent the Universe?

Everything goes into very slow motion.  RYOUKO blinks.  She stares up at 
TENCHI.  He's serious.  She begins to shake.  WASHUU slowly steps up to
stand between RYOUKO and TENCHI.

                                  WASHUU
                   SOFT I will.

RYOUKO is shaking violently now.  Tears are flowing from her eyes, which 
are glowing.  Electricity is crackling from her hands.  WASHUU slowly 
turns to face her daughter.  Her face is in anguish.

                                  WASHUU
                   WHISPER Do it.

RYOUKO's face is clenched in utter hate.  She lets out a horrid cry of 
rage, and shoots straight up, through the roof, and up into the 
atmosphere, where there is a sudden discharge of energy that is almost 
blinding in its intensity.

Cut back to TENCHI, whose expression is nearly as downcast as WASHUU's.

                                  TENCHI
                   SOTTO VOCE She took that better
                   than I thought ...

Cut to an exterior shot of the royal palace.  RYOUKO is sitting on the 
edge of the roof, sobbing.  She is utterly devastated.  A trapdoor behind 
her opens up, but she takes no notice.

                               TENCHI (O.S.)
                   Ryouko?

RYOUKO's sobbing abates a bit, and she turns to look at the open trapdoor, 
her expression seeming more outraged.

                               TENCHI (O.S.)
                   Can we talk?

RYOUKO generates her blade.

                                  RYOUKO
                   IF YOU COME UP HERE YOU'D BETTER BE
                   READY FOR A FIGHT THAT'LL MAKE OUR
                   FIRST GO-ROUND LOOK LIKE A FUN GAME
                   OF TAG, YOU BASTARD SON OF A BITCH!

There is a momentary pause.

                               TENCHI (O.S.)
                   Ryouko, please let me try to explain
                   why ... just give me ten minutes.
                   If I can't explain things to your
                   satisfaction by then ...

                                  RYOUKO
                   What?!  You'll say to that pack of
                   overbred shits, `Changed my mind,
                   I'm marrying the demon pirate'?

                               TENCHI (O.S.)
                   No.  I'll let you kill me.

RYOUKO stares at the trap door, breathing heavily.

                                  RYOUKO
                   You expect me to buy that?  They'll
                   just let me go after I kill the
                   crown prince?  What sort of an
                   idiot ...

                               TENCHI (O.S.)
                   They will.  I've just given orders
                   to that effect, and Azusa's backing
                   me on it.  BEAT  Which probably
                   means he wants you to kill me ...
                   but anyway, I give you my word that
                   you'll be free to go.  And you know
                   that I always keep my word.

RYOUKO stares fixedly at the trap door for a few seconds.  Then she looks 
away.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Get up here.  And this had better be
                   one hell of an explanation.

TENCHI emerges from the trap door.  He is wearing his usual outfit (the 
one he wore in the OAVs), and the Master Key is conspicuously absent from 
his belt.

                                  TENCHI
                   I'm sorry that I hurt you ...

                                  RYOUKO
                   NOT LOOKING AT HIM Cut to the
                   chase.

TENCHI sighs and looks at Jurai's setting red sun.

                                  TENCHI
                   Azusa didn't want to make me his
                   heir.  He demanded that I be giving
                   Jurai something more substantial
                   than whatever gene or something that
                   allows me to ... anyway, the only
                   thing that I had to bargain with
                   was Washuu.  BEAT  When she first
                   met great-grandmother, Washuu said
                   that she wouldn't help develop
                   anyone's technology.  That satisfied
                   some of the cooler hotheads on the
                   council -- if they weren't going to
                   get improvements to Jurai's ships,
                   at least nobody else would get any
                   either.  Stalemate.  It satisfied
                   some of them.  But not all.  BEAT
                   I managed to talk Washuu into it.
                   It was surprisingly easy.  BEAT
                   She loves me, Ryouko.

RYOUKO chokes back a comment.

                                  TENCHI
                   She said something about how she'd
                   sworn to make me hers ... and I'd
                   wound up making her mine.  I didn't
                   know what to say to that. BEAT
                   Ayeka was nearly as broken up as ...

                                  RYOUKO
                   I don't give two shakes of a shthazi
                   ass how Ayeka feels, or why you're
                   marrying Sasami instead of her!

RYOUKO turns to look at TENCHI, her sword still out and blazing.

                                  RYOUKO
                   WHY THE FUCK IS THIS SHITTY EMPIRE
                   SO GODDAMN IMPORTANT TO YOU, THAT
                   YOU'D *MARRY* THAT *HAG*?!

                                  TENCHI
                   I don't care about the Empire!  But
                   Ryouko, they *know*.  Those overbred
                   shits, as you called them, know that
                   there's something unusual about
                   Earth, now.  They know that a child
                   of Jurain and human extraction can
                   be potentially more powerful than a
                   full-bred Jurain.  The only way I
                   can protect Earth from them is to
                   take the throne.  BEAT  I don't
                   want this, Ryouko!  I don't want to
                   marry Washuu!  I don't even want to
                   marry Sasami ... at least not *now*.
                   BEAT  But ... it's my duty.

TENCHI looks away from RYOUKO's anguished face.

                                  TENCHI
                   Washuu isn't happy about it either.
                   She loves me, but she wanted me to
                   *choose* her.  That's why she was
                   going to let you kill her ... she
                   thought it might leave the way open
                   for you ...

                                  RYOUKO
                   This isn't how it's supposed to be!
                   Why isn't this going like a love
                   story should?!

                                  TENCHI
                   It is, Ryouko.  Many Japanese love
                   stories have unhappy endings ... and
                   if this isn't an unhappy ending ...

RYOUKO looks like she's about to start sobbing again.  TENCHI speaks 
without looking at her.

                                  TENCHI
                   Well, Ryouko?  Did I convince you?
                   Or will you kill me?

RYOUKO pushes herself up to a standing position.  Her sword is still 
"unsheathed".  She walks slowly to where TENCHI is standing, his back to 
her.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Turn around.

TENCHI slowly turns to face her.  His face is bleak.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Tell me that you don't love me.

                                  TENCHI
                   No.  I won't do that, Ryouko. BEAT
                   I do love you.

RYOUKO deactivates her sword.  She closes her eyes.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Damn you.  I could never hurt you,
                   Tenchi.  I hate you.  I love you.
                   SHOUTED  WHY COULDN'T YOU HAVE
                   LEFT ME IN THAT CAVE?

                                  TENCHI
                   I'm sorry.

RYOUKO turns away from him as he reaches out towards her.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Go away.  Just.  Go.  AWAY!

TENCHI, his head bowed, walks back to the trapdoor, and heads down.  
RYOUKO returns to her perch, holding her face in her hands for a long 
moment.  Finally, she lifts her head up, and looks down at the grounds far 
below.  She sees someone gazing up at her, but can't quite make the figure 
out.

Cut to AYEKA, standing alone in a park holding a pair of binoculars, 
staring up at the palace.  From her point of view, we can see that RYOUKO 
is sitting in the same place and much the same position as when she raided 
Jurai (as revealed in Ayeka's flashback in OAV #3).  AYEKA silently looks 
up at her with a hopeless expression.

We pull back from AYEKA's eyes.  She is watching RYOUKO watching TENCHI.  
She sighs, and shakes her head.

                                 SERENITY
                   ... sadly for us all, her first
                   major operation as the Commissioner
                   of the Galaxy Police, supervising
                   the evacuation of the ARM during
                   the so-called Nanoclysm, was also
                   her last.  BEAT  During a recent
                   computer upgrade, a recording of her
                   final transmission was uncovered.
                   BEAT Unless there is an objection,
                   it will be played now ...

There is no objection, although TSUNAMI looks a bit concerned.  The 
recording emanates from the memorial.  MIHOSHI sounds a bit more mature 
than she usually does -- this is a MIHOSHI who has grown up.  A little.

                              MIHOSHI (V.O.)
                   ... repeat, all Terran ships are
                   requested to proceed in an orderly
                   manner through the checkpoints we
                   have set up, so that we can ensure
                   that no traces of the Nodachi
                   virus are escaping ... any ships
                   attempting to evade the checkpoint
                   will be fired upon ...

There is a sudden explosion.  MIHOSHI lets out a screech.

                              MIHOSHI (V.O.)
                   OWIEOWIEOWIE!  What was ...

There is a long silence, punctuated by bumping noises.  They stop.  When
MIHOSHI's voice returns, it is very sad.

                              MIHOSHI (V.O.)
                   If Queen Serenity is recieving this,
                   could you please respond?

                              SERENITY (V.O.)
                   Yes, Commissioner?

                              MIHOSHI (V.O.)
                   Ano ... I've got a little problem.

                              SERENITY (V.O.)
                   We will be glad to render you any
                   assistance --

                              MIHOSHI (V.O.)
                   Well, I don't think there's going to
                   be anything you can do ... ano, one
                   of the Nodachi-infected ships fired
                   a torpedo at my ship.  And it sorta
                   ... hit.

                              SERENITY (V.O.)
                   Then ...

                              MIHOSHI (V.O.)
                   ... my ship's main computer has been
                   taken over by a copy of the virus.
                   BEAT It's going to be okay,
                   though.

                              SERENITY (V.O.)
                   Really?

SERENITY is right on the verge of tears.

                              MIHOSHI (V.O.)
                   Yes ... when the situation was
                   explained, the Galaxy Police made
                   sure to put a ... a backup computer
                   on board each of our ships, in case
                   something like this happened.

                              SERENITY (V.O.)
                   Then you retain control of your
                   vessel?

There is a long pause.

                              SERENITY (V.O.)
                   Commisioner?  Mihoshi?

It becomes obvious that MIHOSHI is crying quietly.

                              MIHOSHI (V.O.)
                   I ... I'm sorry, Your Majesty.  No.
                   The backup controls communications
                   and ... another system.

                              SERENITY (V.O.)
                   Could you clarify, please.

                              MIHOSHI (V.O.)
                   BAWLING It's true.  All the time,
                   they told me what a screw up I am.
                   And here I am, screwing up this ...
                   oh, Tenchi is going to HATE me!

TENCHI closes his eyes and sucks in a shuddering breath.  TSUNAMI looks at 
him alarmedly.

                              SERENITY (V.O.)
                   No!  You have not screwed anything
                   up, Mihoshi, really!  And ... his
                   Majesty does not hate you.  Why would
                   you --

                              MIHOSHI (V.O.)
                   TINY You really don't think so?

                              SERENITY (V.O.)
                   No.  No, of course not.  BEAT 
                   Mihoshi, what systems do you have --

                              MIHOSHI (V.O.)
                   Thank you, your Majesty.  SNIFF
                   Please tell Tenchi that I hope he
                   and Tsunami and Washuu have lots of
                   children ... oh, and please tell
                   my husband to remarry, to give our
                   children a new mother.

                              SERENITY (V.O.)
                   Mihoshi?!

                              MIHOSHI (V.O.)
                   Backup, Self-Destruct, pl--

The transmission disintegrates into static, which fades after a moment.  
Everyone present is visibly affected.  SERENITY clears her throat.

                                 SERENITY
                   Recently.  Recently I said to ...
                   someone, that I would give my life,
                   if it were mine to give, to restore
                   anyone who has ever given their life
                   for Crystal Tokyo. BEAT  Mihoshi
                   and the other Galaxy Police Officers
                   who perished on that wicked day are
                   not the least among those ...

SERENITY can't seem to go on.  She presses a button on the lectern, which 
causes a hologram of MIHOSHI, waving and smiling, to arise from the 
monument.

Cut to PRISS, who is standing some distance from the monument, looking 
down on the gathering from a hill.  Finally, she walks off.

Cut to an office -- a rather disorganized one.  Papers cover a desk in a 
jumble, several discs are scattered on top of a disc player, dust covers a 
section that hasn't been used in some time.  Behind the desk sits the 
DEAN, who is reading a book whose spine indicates that it is entitled 
"Bubblegum Crisis:  Megatokyo 2025-2045" by K. Shonnora.  There is a 
knocking at the door.

                                   DEAN
                   Enter!

PRISS walks into the room, notes her surroundings.  The DEAN looks up, and 
does a double take before suddenly coming to his feet.

                                   DEAN
                   Oh!  Uh, Ms. Asagiri!  I ... I was
                   expecting you to *call* first, and
                   so ...

                                   PRISS
                   Yeah, well, I didn't.  You mentioned
                   Sylia's journal.

                                   DEAN
                   Right.  I had it printed and bound
                   just this morning ...

The DEAN starts searching his desk, muttering to himself as he does.

                                   PRISS
                   `Had it printed and bound'?

                                   DEAN
                   Well ... (Romanova's Grimoire, no)
                   you didn't think that we had a hard
                   copy, did you?  (Romanova's OTHER
                   Grimoire, no)  After nearly nine
                   hundred years?  (Quincy: Portrait of
                   a Demigod, no)  And in any case, Ms.
                   Stingray's journal was originally
                   published (AD Police Files:  The
                   Transcripts, no) in the format of a
                   word processor document and released
                   to the network in that manner.  So
                   (Ye True Grimoire of Romanova ...
                   haven't read that one ...) it isn't
                   that unusual.  (A Journal ... AH-
                   HAH!)  Here it is!

He holds up a thick volume, about the same thickness as a typical 
introductory university science textbook, and hands it to PRISS.  The 
cover is labelled "A Journal: 2011-2041, by Sylia Stingray".  PRISS almost 
seems to tremble as she holds it.

                                   PRISS
                   Thanks.  I'll read this and get back
                   to you in a bit.

                                   DEAN
                   BLINKS You don't have any comments
                   at the outset?

                                   PRISS
                   Like I kept telling you, I don't
                   remember anything ... well, hardly
                   anything, after 2033.  And I'm not
                   ready to talk about that part yet.

                                   DEAN
                   Damn.  I was hoping that had cleared
                   up enough for you to discuss the
                   ADAMA incident ...

                                   PRISS
                   The what?

                                   DEAN
                   Read the journal.  You'll find out.

PRISS shrugs, and is about to leave, when SHEILA TENKAI comes into the 
room, carrying another large arm load of papers, which she promptly sets 
down on the desk with a triumphant grin.

                                  SHEILA
                   EUREKA!

                                   DEAN
                   You've found it?

                                  SHEILA
                   Proof positive that the tenth senshi
                   *was* active during the years of
                   Silence.  I'm going to need a better
                   translator -- the dialect of Greek
                   they were using in the twenty-fifth
                   century resembles Modern about as
                   much as Modern looks like Classical,
                   but the term for `pink-haired' was
                   unmistakable.  She was apparently
                   involved in some sort of adventure
                   with the Inverted Wizard ...

SHEILA realizes that PRISS is looking at her, and turns to meet her gaze.  
She blinks.

                                  SHEILA
                   Oh.  Uh, hello again.

                                   PRISS
                   WAVES Yo.

                                   DEAN
                   Sheila?  You've ... met Ms. Asagiri
                   already?

                                  SHEILA
                   Uh ... sort of.

                                   DEAN
                   TRAGIC EXPRESSION And ... you
                   didn't tell me?  FACE IN HANDS Oh
                   God I'm depressed now.

                                   PRISS
                   Get a grip.

The DEAN lays his head on the desk.  SHEILA appears very embarrassed.

                                  SHEILA
                   Well, we *met*, but it's not like we
                   were introduced.  BEAT I'm Sheila,
                   by the way.  Sheila Tenkai.

                                   PRISS
                   Pleased to meet you.  I guess you
                   already know who I am?

                                  SHEILA
                   NODS I'm pretty well-acquainted
                   with your story ... comes from being
                   someone's research assistant for a
                   while.

There is a gentle knock at the door.  It opens, and AYEKA is standing on 
the threshold.

                                   AYEKA
                   Ah!  Ms. Asagiri, I'm glad that I
                   caught you.

                                   PRISS
                   What?

                                   AYEKA
                   Lady Mars informed me that you were
                   going to be here, and I was hoping
                   to find you ... VERY FORMAL His
                   Imperial Majesty, Tenchi, Lord of
                   Jurai and the Empire, craves your
                   presence, that he might properly
                   give you his thanks for your efforts
                   on his behalf, recently.

                                   PRISS
                   He wants to see me about that bit
                   with the assassin last night?

                                   AYEKA
                   That *is* what I just *said*.

                                   PRISS
                   Okay, I guess I can fit him in.

AYEKA raises her eyebrows at PRISS' flippancy.  SHEILA's eyes have grown 
large listening to this exchange.

                                  SHEILA
                   Wait ... then it *was* you who let
                   Lord Tenchi's bodyguard know that
                   there was an assassin in the crowd
                   last night?

                                   PRISS
                   Yep.

SHEILA turns to AYEKA

                                  SHEILA
                   In that case, Lady Ayeka, I ask
                   you for permission to record the
                   audience between His Majesty and
                   Ms. Asagiri, for our archives of
                   Knight Sabre footage.

She looks back at the DEAN, who still has his head on the desk.

                                  SHEILA
                   Uh ... that is unless someone with
                   seniority objects ...

The DEAN doesn't look up, but lifts a hand to wave them all away.

                                   DEAN
                   Go on ... scoop me ... my life is
                   already meaningless ...

                                  SHEILA
                   Oh, how nice.  BACK TO AYEKA Well?

AYEKA considers.

                                   AYEKA
                   I think it can be arranged.  We must
                   reserve the right to censor the tape
                   if any information critical to our
                   security is revealed in the audience
                   however.

SHEILA nods quickly.  PRISS has been watching this with a confused 
expression.

                                   AYEKA
                   Well, Ms. Asagiri, I will conduct
                   you to Lord Tenchi's rooms ...

AYEKA leads a bored PRISS and an excited SHEILA, who is carrying a 
minicamera, down the hallway.

                                   PRISS
                   Would you please tell me what the
                   big deal about this is?

                                  SHEILA
                   You ought to know that the Knight
                   Sabres are considered major heroes
                   among a broad spectrum of Crystal
                   Tokyo's population -- there's been
                   movies made about you, fictionalized
                   novels about your exploits ...

                                   PRISS
                   Okay, so?

                                  SHEILA
                   So, a meeting between a major power
                   like Lord Tenchi and the last Knight
                   Sabre is *historically* significant.

SHEILA lifts up the camera and trains it on PRISS.  Our point of view is 
through the camera lens.

                               SHEILA (O.S.)
                   Do you have any idea why, apart from
                   your recent actions, he might want
                   to speak with you?

PRISS avoids looking into the camera.

                                   PRISS
                   Nope.  He was staring at me for a
                   while after it all came down, but
                   I don't know why.  BEAT I just
                   hope he doesn't hate my guts for
                   no clearly defined reason ...

                               SHEILA (O.S.)
                   Oh?  Have you encounted people who
                   are hostile towards you in Crystal
                   Tokyo?

                                   PRISS
                   I've met a lot of people who seem
                   to not really give a shit about
                   me as a person, a few people who
                   wanna lay a guilt trip on me for
                   some things, and one person who
                   apparently wants me dead.

                               SHEILA (O.S.)
                   Care to tell us who it is that
                   wants you dead?  A relative of one
                   of the people you injured during
                   the Daeden affair?  Or ...

                                   PRISS
                   It's Lady Jupiter, all right?

PRISS keeps on walking, but our camera view of her stops.  PRISS goes on 
for a few moments, then realizes that she's walking alone, and turns back 
to look at the camera.

                                   PRISS
                   Hey?  What's the matter?

Cut to a shot of SHEILA lowering the camera with a shocked expression.

                                  SHEILA
                   Lady Jupiter ... wants you dead?

                                   PRISS
                   She certainly seems to be upset that
                   I'm still alive. BEAT Aw, don't
                   tell me.  You're a friend of hers.

SHEILA grins sheepishly.

                                  SHEILA
                   Um ... not exactly.

                                   PRISS
                   Huh?

                                  SHEILA
                   She's ... sort of ... my mom.

A brief, awkward pause ensues.

                                   PRISS
                   `Sort of'?

                                  SHEILA
                   She kind of adopted me when my
                   parents died when I was little.

                                   PRISS
                   FLAT Oh.

Another brief, awkward pause ensues.

                                  SHEILA
                   Uh ... we'd better hurry up ...

She heads off down the corridor, leaving PRISS standing where she was.

                                   PRISS
                   FLAT Shit.

PRISS starts walking again, at her normal pace.

                                   PRISS
                   MUTTERED Why am I so upset?  So I
                   just bad mouthed her to her kid.  So
                   what? BEAT Where the hell have I
                   *seen* her before?

Cut to an shadowed office with a desk and a picture of SERENITY on the 
wall.  At the desk, an orange-haired woman is slumped, her face flat on 
the desk.  The door to the office opens, and SHAMPOO walks in, reading a 
clipboard.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Jeheniah, I hope that you've got 
                   that report typed up.

SHAMPOO looks up from the clipboard and notices that her secretary is 
lying with her face down on the desk.  Immediately, SHAMPOO drops the 
clipboard, and assumes a fighting stance.

                               RYOUGA (V.O.)
                   Stop that.

SHAMPOO looks warily around the office without abandoning her stance.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   What did you do to my secretary?  Do
                   you have any idea how long it'll
                   take to get a new one broken in?

                               RYOUGA (V.O.)
                   I didn't do anything lasting.  I'm
                   glad to see that you're still the
                   same ruthless --

                                  SHAMPOO
                   How are you doing this?

                               RYOUGA (V.O.)
                   Do you actually think I'm going to
                   tell you how I learned the shinobi
                   techniques?

SHAMPOO is shocked.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Shinobi?  *You*?  Ryouga ...

                               RYOUGA (V.O.)
                   *He* doesn't let scruples get in the
                   way of his training.  Neither can I.
                   BEAT Tell him I'm coming.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   I don't even know where he *is*.

There is a long silence.  SHAMPOO's eyes dart from side to side.

                               RYOUGA (V.O.)
                   He will be visiting her grave this
                   evening.  Tell him then.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   If you know that he'll be there, why
                   not attack him then?

There is another long silence.

                               RYOUGA (V.O.)
                   You'd have me violate her resting
                   place?

SHAMPOO's eyes close in concentration for a moment ... then they flash 
open as she pivots, striking backwards in a powerful kick that hits 
*something*.

                               RYOUGA (V.O.)
                   That was dumb.

SHAMPOO's leg twists in ways that a human leg is not meant to twist, and 
she lets out a hollow scream.  RYOUGA begins to materialize, his hands 
gripping her foot.  The last part of his body to become visible is his 
head ... and his cold, lifeless eyes.

                                  RYOUGA
                   Be glad that I need you, Shampoo.
                   Otherwise, I'd probably kill you.
                   BEAT Instead of your secretary.

He lets SHAMPOO's leg drop, and she falls to the floor.  RYOUGA begins to 
walk towards the desk.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   FRANTIC Ryouga!  Don't do that!  
                   She's not involved!  Don't!

RYOUGA pauses, and turns back to look at her.  His fangs show as he 
speaks.

                                  RYOUGA
                   Yes.  That's the worst part.  Isn't
                   it?

We cut to the exterior of the door leading into the office, which has a 
sign that says "Do Not Disturb".  We hear a tearing noise, and SHAMPOO's 
scream.

Cut to a living room.  TENCHI is seated on a couch, staring ahead.  Our 
view changes to include PRISS, seated on a couch on the other side of a 
table, sipping at a cup of tea.  SHEILA is standing off to one side, 
recording everything.  PRISS eventually returns TENCHI's stare.  It is an 
awkward moment.

                                   PRISS
                   Ah ... Lord Tenchi, you really don't
                   have to thank me for pointing out
                   that assassin ... it's ... sort of
                   in the job description.

                                  TENCHI
                   True enough.  That's not the real
                   reason that I invited you here.  You
                   see --

                                   PRISS
                   Uh, just a minute.  Before you go 
                   any further, you should be aware 
                   that my memories ...

                                  TENCHI
                   I've been briefed on your situation,
                   Ms. Asagiri.  However, my knowledge
                   of you -- I gather that you have
                   guessed that I knew of you before
                   yesterday?

PRISS nods.

                                  TENCHI
                   My knowledge of you is not derived
                   from any encounters we had during
                   the period of your memories that is
                   inaccessible to you.  BEAT In
                   the autumn of 2032, you befriended
                   a young boy, named Sho, and his
                   mother --

                                   PRISS
                   Yeah ... so?

                                  TENCHI
                   In 1995, my father's elder sister
                   gave birth to a son ... my cousin.
                   The line of Jurai was weak in my
                   father's family, and my cousin aged
                   and lived like a Terran, unaware of
                   his heritage ... until he died, in
                   2030.  BEAT Leaving a widow and
                   son.

In a moment, PRISS grasps what TENCHI is saying, and looks shocked.

                                   PRISS
                   W-wait a minute, you're saying that
                   Sho was ...

                                  TENCHI
                   My second cousin.  BEAT  Whose 
                   life you saved, Priscilla Asagiri.

                                   PRISS
                   What ... what happened to him?  I
                   kept track of him at the orphanage,
                   but ...

                                  TENCHI
                   We retrieved him from that place two
                   years later.  He spent the rest of
                   his life on Jurai.  BEAT  He spoke
                   of you with a great deal of respect,
                   which I find myself sharing.  If
                   there is any service I or the Empire
                   of Jurai can offer you, Ms. Asagiri,
                   name it.

PRISS settles back into the couch, wide-eyed.

                                   PRISS
                   Whooooooo ...

Cut to another office, behind which NOA is filling out some paperwork.  
NURIKO, a seemingly young woman whose hair is tied in a long pony tail 
that is slung over the shoulder, enters at a run.

                                  NURIKO
                   Chief!  The word just came down ...

NOA doesn't look up from her paperwork.

                                    NOA
                   Yes, the Senshi are sending one of
                   the Palladins to assist us in our
                   investigation into Alphonse's k--
                   COUGH theft.

                                  NURIKO
                   That's great!  Do you happen to
                   know which one?  BEAT It wouldn't
                   be that gorgeous guy Allen, would
                   it?

NOA looks up amusedly.

                                    NOA
                   They didn't specify, but I don't
                   think it's going to be him.  He's
                   under Lady Jupiter's supervision,
                   not Lady Mars.

                                  NURIKO
                   Damn!

                                    NOA
                   Nuriko, could you please control
                   your hormones?  This is a serious
                   affair.  BEAT  I didn't tell her
                   the whole story.

NURIKO's eyes widen.

                                    NOA
                   Close the door.

NURIKO obliges, and comes over to stand in front of the desk.

                                    NOA
                   As far as the Palace is concerned,
                   the labors that were stolen were
                   purely ceremonial ones; a bit
                   better maintained than the patrol
                   labors.  They don't know that they
                   incorporated the TC technology we've
                   been experimenting with.

                                  NURIKO
                   Chief ...

                                    NOA
                   And the Palladin cannot be allowed
                   to find this out either!  If the
                   circumstances behind the theft are
                   what I *think* they are, the brown
                   stuff is about to hit the fan.

                                  NURIKO
                   So what is the plan?

                                    NOA
                   Play up the theory that the labors
                   were stolen by one of the Anti-
                   Monarchy groups that didn't get
                   broken up for terrorism.  If the
                   investigator suggests that they
                   may have had contacts inside, get
                   angry ... but if they can come up
                   with proof, go with it -- and if
                   they start to focus on one of the
                   Anti-Serenity moles that we know
                   about, pounce on 'em.

                                  NURIKO
                   Right.  BEAT  You're pretty good
                   at this sort of thing, Chief.

NOA smiles wearily.

                                    NOA
                   I learned from a master.  SIGH
                   I never thought I'd be sitting in
                   his chair though.  BEAT I always
                   ... never mind.  Remind everyone to
                   cooperate with this person, when he
                   or she shows up.  BEAT As far as
                   it goes.

NURIKO nods, and heads out, closing the door behind.  NOA leans back in 
her chair, looking up at the ceiling.  She pulls open the top right desk 
drawer, and pulls out a framed photo, looking down at it.  It's a photo of 
herself, looking at least a decade or more older, standing beside a tall, 
serious faced man about the same age (SHINOHARA ASUMA).

                                    NOA
                   I miss you.  I wish ...

NOA closes her eyes in a sudden spasm of pain.  Sound effects of a battle 
play.

                               ASUMA (V.O.)
                   Noa!  NOA!  DAMN YOU YOU BASTARDS,
                   YOU KILLED MY WIFE!

An explosion.  NOA's eyes jerk open.

                                    NOA
                   I wish you'd made sure ...

Cut to a balcony high on the Crystal Palace, facing the setting sun.  
PRISS leans on the railing.  SHEILA approaches, carrying a pair of cans.

                                  SHEILA
                   Here you go.

She tosses one to PRISS, who catches it easily.

                                   PRISS
                   Thanks.

She opens, and sips it.

                                  SHEILA
                   Are you okay?

                                   PRISS
                   I guess.  Just a little ... weird.
                   BEAT First I find out that half
                   the jobs we pulled that I can't
                   remember were given to us by *them*,
                   and now I find out that I saved a
                   kid that was part alien royalty.
                   It's just so ... it's like I'm
                   wondering whether or not it's gonna
                   turn out that when we took out the
                   Griffon, we accidentally saved
                   billions of people's lives.

                                  SHEILA
                   BEAT The Griffon?

                                   PRISS
                   Pumped up supercar.  Before your
                   time.

                                  SHEILA
                   SOTTO VOCE Wouldn't count on that.

                                   PRISS
                   What?

                                  SHEILA
                   Sounds to me like you're starting to
                   consider the consequences of your
                   actions.

                                   PRISS
                   Yeah ... yeah, I never really gave
                   a lot of thought to what was gonna
                   happen afterwards.  Largely because
                   I never really figured on being
                   there, but ...


                                  SHEILA
                   It's not all that different from the
                   way that the Senshi behaved in their
                   youth.

                                   PRISS
                   They were passively suicidal?

                                  SHEILA
                   I wouldn't go that far, but they
                   were reactive, rather than pro-
                   active.  They'd learn about an 
                   `enemy' and then wait to see what
                   it'd do before responding.  It took
                   a serious blow to their morale to
                   get them to start actively working
                   to benefit the world.

                                   PRISS
                   Lemme guess -- Serena's death,
                   right?

SHEILA stares at PRISS, astounded.

                                  SHEILA
                   You *know* about Serena?

                                   PRISS
                   Raye mentioned --

                                  SHEILA
                   That's incredible.  BEAT  Anyway,
                   you're right.  After Serena died,
                   and Neo-Queen Serenity took over,
                   they began to pursue an agenda for
                   the first time -- that of staving
                   off the Apocalypse.  They managed,
                   for a long while.  They chose agents
                   and made alliances; they gave it all
                   they had.  BEAT  And it still 
                   wasn't enough.  Which only made them
                   even more concerned with ensuring
                   that their actions as few negative
                   consequences as possible.  That's
                   really what Crystal Tokyo is -- an
                   attempt to create a society that
                   can withstand another Apocalypse,
                   and rebuild afterwards.

SHEILA notices that PRISS is hanging on her every word, and flushes, 
before she takes a sip of her soft drink.

                                   PRISS
                   Uh-huh.  Lemme guess, you're the
                   official Historian of the Senshi.

SHEILA grins sheepishly, and rubs the back of her head.

                                  SHEILA
                   Not yet, but I'm working on it.  I
                   guess it's only natural ...

                                   PRISS
                   From being raised by one of them.

SHEILA hesitates for a moment.

                                  SHEILA
                   Actually, my natural parents were
                   both Senshi.

PRISS pauses in lifting the can to her lips.

                                   PRISS
                   Your mom and dad were Senshi?  I
                   don't remember hearing any legends
                   about male Sailor Soldiers ...

PRISS drinks.

                                  SHEILA
                   Well ... I didn't actually have a 
                   dad.  I had two female parents.

PRISS starts to choke.

Cut to the THRONE ROOM.  This time, however, it is filled with people, 
standing in line to speak with SERENITY, who is seated on her throne, 
listening to each petitioner politely.  JUPITER stands behind the throne, 
while standing nearby and observing are WASHUU and TSUNAMI.

                               WASHUU (V.O.)
                   Not quite like home, is it?

                              TSUNAMI (V.O.)
                   No, indeed it's not.  The evening
                   court is usually much larger -- but
                   those who come to speak to our
                   husband are rarely of Jurai's non-
                   noble castes ...

                               WASHUU (V.O.)
                   Stupid elitist sons of ...

TSUNAMI eyes WASHUU wearily.

                              TSUNAMI (V.O.)
                   Let's not start that argument again.
                   As I recall, the last time we got to
                   talking about the system We set up
                   on Jurai, we wound up not speaking
                   for a decade.

                               WASHUU (V.O.)
                   You will at least allow me to
                   express my contempt for hereditary
                   government?

                              TSUNAMI (V.O.)
                   You just did, Sister.

WASHUU gives TSUNAMI a flat glare.  Finally, they both smile at each 
other.

                               WASHUU (V.O.)
                   How is he?  He hasn't spoken to me
                   since the service this afternoon.

                              TSUNAMI (V.O.)
                   He was very hurt by the recording.
                   BEAT He had always known that even
                   after her marriage, he remained in
                   her heart, but ...

TSUNAMI shakes her head.

                               WASHUU (V.O.)
                   Yeah ... there have been moments
                   when I'd wished that he'd taken the
                   other option ...

                              TSUNAMI (V.O.)
                   Sister!  We would not be separated
                   from you for --

                               WASHUU (V.O.)
                   He loved her far more than he'll
                   ever love me, Tsunami.  BEAT  I
                   knew that going into this.  He
                   chose me because he knew that if he
                   didn't, I'd have to be exiled to
                   the depths of space to appease
                   Tokimi -- and he's far too soft-
                   hearted to do that.  BEAT Which
                   may be one of the reasons that I
                   love him so much ...

TSUNAMI gently touches WASHUU's cheek.  They look at each other, deep red 
eye to green.

                               WASHUU (V.O.)
                   I cried my last tears eons ago,
                   Sister. BEAT Now cut that out.
                   You'll give all these people the
                   idea that we spend our nights with 
                   Tenchi in wild bouts of polyamatory
                   sex.

TSUNAMI snorts gently.

                              TSUNAMI (V.O.)
                   He hasn't come to Us in nearly a
                   decade.  If I didn't know him so
                   well, I'd suspect he has a concubine
                   somewhere.

They appear to consider the idea, then giggle.

Our view changes to include SERENITY, who is watching TSUNAMI and WASHUU 
giggling and not really paying attention to the person adressing her, a 
young man in Renaissance garb.

                                 YOUNG MAN
                   ... and so, Your Radiant Majesty, I
                   submit unto you the petition, signed
                   by all four thousand residents of
                   Neo-Stratford, that we be granted
                   permission to make a holiday of our
                   annual Shakespearean performance.

SERENITY blinks, and turns to look at him.

                                 SERENITY
                   All four thousand residents signed
                   your petition?  There were no voices
                   of dissent?

                                 YOUNG MAN
                   None whatsoever.

                                 SERENITY
                   Most extraordinary.  We needs must
                   have your petition examined by our
                   Department of Examinations ... but I
                   am certain that we can tentatively
                   approve it.

                                 YOUNG MAN
                   Thank you, your Majesty!  BOWS
                   And may we extend the invitation to
                   attend our day of revelry to you and
                   your court?

                                 SERENITY
                   SMILES I am certain that there are
                   those among my allies who will be
                   glad to witness it ... my own
                   schedule may not permit, but we may
                   arrange things otherwise.

The YOUNG MAN bows again, and backs away.  A personable gentleman in a 
black suit (MICHAEL ORDENE) steps forward.  SERENITY blinks, VERY 
surprised.  JUPITER scowls.

                                 SERENITY
                   Mr. Ordene.  I did not think that I
                   should ever see you come to court.

                              MICHAEL ORDENE
                   Your Majesty.  Recent events have
                   convinced me that I have been ...
                   ill-advised to seek your removal
                   from the throne.

                                 SERENITY
                   Indeed?  I would very much like to
                   know what they were -- you have made
                   no secret of your outright contempt
                   for monarchy, although you are to be
                   credited with never once having been
                   implicated in a rebellious or
                   treasonous act, unlike many who
                   share your views.

                              MICHAEL ORDENE
                   Those ... *overzealous* comrades are
                   in fact the reason that I have come
                   tonight, your Majesty -- instead of
                   having a messenger deliver a petition
                   calling for your removal, as was my
                   wont.  I have come to apologize --

                                 SERENITY
                   We gladly accept your apology, Mr.
                   Ordene, even though there is no need
                   to apologize for having held a view
                   opposite to our own.

ORDENE continues as if SERENITY had not interrrupted him.

                              MICHAEL ORDENE
                   And to deliver *this* petition.

ORDENE snaps his fingers, and a girl in an office dress comes forward 
carring a thick folder, which she hands to him.

                              MICHAEL ORDENE
                   It, like each of my five petitions
                   calling for your resignation, has
                   been signed by one million persons
                   of legal age -- one percent of our
                   world's total population.  BEAT
                   The minimum number needed to demand
                   a referendum.  BEAT  "We, the
                   undersigned, aware of the opressive
                   and burdensome yoke that has been
                   laid upon the people of the one
                   hundred worlds of the Jurai Star
                   Kingdom ..."

                               WASHUU (V.O.)
                   Sister, where are You?  Right at
                   this moment?

                              TSUNAMI (V.O.)
                   We are currently playing with Ryo-
                   oh-ki just inside of Pluto's
                   orbit.

                               WASHUU (V.O.)
                   Get here.  *Now*.  We may need to
                   make a fast getaway.

                              MICHAEL ORDENE
                   "... call upon her Majesty, Serenity
                   of Earth, to end all diplomatic
                   relations with this foul mockery of
                   a government, and expel all Jurain
                   citizens within the Realm."

There is a long silence.  SERENITY's voice, when she speaks, is 
deceptively mild.

                                 SERENITY
                   One million names.  That is ... very
                   remarkable.

                              MICHAEL ORDENE
                   Your Majesty will wish to have them
                   investigated, off course ... and you
                   will find that each of them is 
                   sincere.  BEAT Just as with each
                   of my previous petitions.

                                 SERENITY
                   May I have a copy of this petition?

ORDENE smiles, and hands it to her.

                              MICHAEL ORDENE
                   I have already forwarded a copy of
                   it to your Department of Exam--

                                 SERENITY
                   Thank you, Mr. Ordene.  We will
                   begin to check these names at once,
                   in the interest of dealing with
                   this matter quickly.

                              MICHAEL ORDENE
                   Of course.

He bows, and steps back.  A young woman is about to come forward and take 
his place, when SERENITY speaks.

                                 SERENITY
                   In light of the massive task that
                   the Department of Examinations must
                   undertake this evening, I call an
                   early end to this evening's court.
                   Unless there are any petitions that
                   are a matter of life and death ...

There is nothing from the crowd.

                                  JUPITER
                   Court adjourned.

The Throne Room is cleared, quickly.  WASHUU and TSUNAMI are the last to 
head out, accompanied by JUPITER.

                                 SERENITY
                   Lady Washuu.

At the doorway, WASHUU turns to look back.

                                 SERENITY
                   Please inform Lord Tenchi that I
                   would like to have a private meeting
                   with him at his earliest convenience
                   -- if not sooner.

WASHUU nods.  The door closes behind them, and SERENITY is alone in the 
darkened throne room.

                                 SERENITY
                   I will not let you win.

There is only silence from the shadows in response.

                          To Be Continued.





------------------------------------------------------------------------


Together Again: 2937 Chapter, 04/21/97


