



                                 INTERLUDE

Establishing Shot:  Night.  The edge of a futon.  The camera slowly moves 
upward.

                               SHEILA (O.S.)
                   ... and then, after they've all been
                   blown up ... we're running low on
                   fuel, and, when you get right down
                   to it, there's nowhere left for us
                   to go, anyway.  BEAT  Over the
                   comm, I hear her mutter, "And so it
                   all ends."  Then static.  She's
                   either decided to cut out on me and 
                   run into the lava, or she took too 
                   many hits, or ... anyway, I don't
                   know how I should feel.  I hold the
                   broken medal close ... and then ...

The camera has moved up enough to show two pairs of bare feet and ankles 
on the futon.  Over the next bit, it moves up to show two female bodies 
covered by a blanket and sheets.

                               PRISS (O.S.)
                   And then what?

                               SHEILA (O.S.)
                   And then I see it.  BEAT  All of
                   it.  All the wonder, all the horror,
                   everything that's going to happen
                   ... I see it all stretching out
                   before me.  Like an endless stream
                   of images.  And I really wish that
                   she was still there, so I could say
                   "No ... it's all just beginning."
                   BEAT Because it is.

By now, we can see the faces -- it is PRISS and SHEILA -- and their bare 
shoulders.  SHEILA pauses for a long moment, looking up at the ceiling, 
while PRISS looks at her.  SHEILA turns to meet her gaze ... then smiles 
mischievously.

                                  SHEILA
                   So, do you ever dream about past 
                   lives?

                                   PRISS
                   THINKS Yeahhhh ... when I was just
                   out of the orphanage, I dreamed
                   about something not too different.
                   BEAT  I'm walking out of this
                   cave, feeling depressed and resigned
                   to something ... and I'm about to
                   climb up into the ship, when I hear
                   someone ask me what I'm doing.  And
                   I turn around, and there's this
                   gorgeous woman with long, black hair
                   who's -- YOW!

SHEILA is glowering at PRISS.

                                   PRISS
                   You've got *really* cold feet ...
                   BEAT Anyway, we have this short
                   conversation:  I'm going up to 
                   fight; she's staying.  And then 
                   we're just staring at each other, 
                   and I'm thinking, `I'd like to kiss
                   her.  I'd *really* like to kiss her.
                   But that would be dumb, so I won't.'
                   And then I say something weird:  
                   "We'll meet again."  And she's like,
                   what?  "Since time is a cycle ... 
                   sooner or later ... this'll all
                   happen again."  `And we'll be
                   together again, then', I think.

Long pause.

                                  SHEILA
                   And you leave?

                                   PRISS
                   Yep.

                                  SHEILA
                   Good.

PRISS glowers at SHEILA, who smiles unapologetically.  PRISS yanks the 
pillow that their heads are resting on out from under SHEILA's head.  
SHEILA fumes for a moment, before she starts to tickle PRISS, leading to a 
brief tickle war that leaves both of them laughing -- healthy, vibrant, 
soul-restoring laughter.

                                   PRISS
                   Crazy dreams, huh?

                                  SHEILA
                   I don't know ... the Senshi know, or
                   think that they know, that they've
                   lived before, thousands of years 
                   ago.  Why not us?

                                   PRISS
                   SHRUGS  It's the problem I've
                   always had with karma ... I don't
                   wanna think that I'm doomed to keep
                   doing the same stuff over and over
                   until I get it right.

                                  SHEILA
                   Even ... BEAT Even the good 
                   things?

                                   PRISS
                   Well, yeah.  I mean, you can have
                   too much of a good thing, not that
                   I've ever --

                                  SHEILA
                   SMILING SEXILY Oh, reeealllly?

She starts to kiss PRISS' shoulder, moving slowly to her collarbone, up 
her neck, onto her cheek, and just as she's about to kiss her on the lips 
-- there is the sound of a phone ringing.  SHEILA's face twists in an 
almost comic expression of rage, and she reaches out to snatch up the 
cellular on the phone.  PRISS seems unsurprised by the interruption.

                                  SHEILA
                   People In The Process of Really
                   Enjoying Themselves, please leave a
                   message at the tone.  FAKE MOAN

                               MERCURY (TEL)
                   Very cute, Sheila.

SHEILA gasps a bit, and rolls into a sitting position, hogging the 
bedsheets as she does so.  PRISS lets out a squawk.

                                  SHEILA
                   Amy?  What's happening?

                               MERCURY (TEL)
                   There's a hostage situation in
                   progress, and we need all the
                   Palladins to gather at the Temple of
                   Serenity --

                                  SHEILA
                   Whoa, back up.  Why would the
                   Palladins be needed to deal with a
                   hos--

                               MERCURY (TEL)
                   Serenity is the hostage.

SHEILA is stunned silent for a very long moment.  PRISS rests her head on 
SHEILA's right shoulder (the phone is at her left ear), and looks at her 
confusedly.

                                  SHEILA
                   I'm on my way.  I'll bring Priss.

                               MERCURY (TEL)
                   Oh good, she's with you.  BEAT  Oh
                   my.  You mean --

SHEILA raises her right hand to rub the back of her head, but PRISS' head 
is in the way.  SHEILA lets her hand drop.

                                  SHEILA
                   Uh, right, we'll be there real soon,
                   bye!

                               MERCURY (TEL)
                   Shei--

SHEILA turns the phone off, and turns to look at PRISS.

                                  SHEILA
                   Serenity has been kidnapped somehow,
                   and Lady Mercury wants all the
                   Palladins to gather --

                                   PRISS
                   Serenity?  As in, the Queen?

SHEILA nods with a stunned expression.

                                   PRISS
                   Boy, whoever's in charge of the
                   Secret Service is gonna be up
                   against the wall after this ...

PRISS gets out of bed, and offscreen starts to pull on her underclothes.

                                  SHEILA
                   I hope not ... Mom's got enough
                   problems.

PRISS is attaching her bra.

                                   PRISS
                   Oh yeah ... your mom is her chief
                   bodyguard.

SHEILA has begun to pull on her knee-length boots.

                                  SHEILA
                   Well, that and the head of all
                   civilian intelligence operations
                   and the international police
                   organization.

PRISS buttons up her blouse.

                                   PRISS
                   Seriously?

SHEILA is adjusting her belt.

                                  SHEILA
                   Yep.  BEAT  Made my late teenage
                   years interesting ... I was always
                   wondering whether she sent people to
                   spy on my dates or --

                                   PRISS
                   STANDS UP Look, I gotta know -- is
                   she gonna try to do something about
                   this?

                                  SHEILA
                   Not ... consciously.  BEAT  She's
                   always said that she won't interfere
                   in my life, even if she thinks I'm
                   making a mistake, unless she thinks
                   I'm going to get hurt, as in injured
                   or killed.  But ... she could try to
                   make life difficult for you.

                                   PRISS
                   When you say the word `difficult', 
                   what *exactly* do you mean?  Are we
                   talking assassination --

                                  SHEILA
                   Priss!

                                   PRISS
                   I just wanna know what the odds are!

                                  SHEILA
                   *You* wanna know the odds?  BEAT
                   Okay, here's the way it's set up --
                   on the one hand, we have my mother,
                   a figure of superhuman power and
                   influence, who has to obey the laws
                   in both their word and spirit in her
                   dealings with you.  On the other
                   hand there's you, the picture of
                   normal humanity with no influence,
                   but you have one great advantage
                   that my mom doesn't -- I'm in love 
                   with you. BEAT I think it's a 
                   level playing field, don't you?

PRISS doesn't look as certain as SHEILA sounds.

                       An Inevitable Outcome Feature

                           Written and Directed
                           by C. Richard Davies

                              TOGETHER AGAIN

                               2937 Chapter

                           Based on the works of
                     Naoko Takeuchi, Rumiko Takahashi,
                   Suzuki Toshimichi, Haruka Takachiho,
                       Hiroki Hayashi, Yuuki Masami,
                    and various interpretations thereof.

                Dedicated to Gryphon, MegaZone, and ReRob.

                                   ACT V

                                  CAPTION
                           SEVERAL HOURS EARLIER

Establishing shot:  The frigid red deserts of Mars, under an orange sky 
that is filled with black clouds.  In the distance is an irregular 
formation of rocks, towards which, every few seconds, a bolt of black 
lightning shoots.  We close in on a trio of figures running towards the 
rock formation -- RAYE, SHAMPOO, and RANMA.

                                   RANMA
                   So what's going to happen if she
                   *has* managed to call Ucchan's
                   spirit back?

                                   RAYE
                   Nothing good.  The Black Crystal
                   will grant any wish, but twist the
                   wisher's intent so as to produce
                   a horrific effect.

                                   RANMA
                   For instance?

RAYE is silent for a long moment.

                                   RAYE
                   The first known user of the thing
                   used it to try and find the greatest
                   power in the universe.

                                   RANMA
                   And?

                                   RAYE
                   He died saving the life of a girl
                   he'd come to love, to whom the
                   crystal had led him.

                                   RANMA
                   BLINKS *Love* is the greatest
                   power in the universe?

                                  SHAMPOO
                   How you can doubt this, husband?

RANMA ignores her.

                                   RANMA
                   That's so corny!  BEAT  So what's
                   going to happen --

                                   RAYE
                   There is no way of knowing, beyond
                   saying that the more innocent the
                   wish, the more horribly it will be
                   corrupted.

At that moment, a hideous scream echoes across the landscape.  RANMA 
blanches.

                                   RANMA
                   Gennosuke!

He dashes off, easily outpacing RAYE, who from her expression is running 
full out.  She trades exasperated looks with SHAMPOO.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Be careful what you wish for ...

Cut to a barren rock wall, just before GENNOSUKE is flung at it, making a 
crunching noise as she hits.  GENNOSUKE slumps to the ground, looking 
upwards in fear and confusion.

                                 GENNOSUKE
                   Mommy ... mommy, don't ...

Each of the following sentences is punctuated by a tiny "spatula shuriken" 
being flung at GENNOSUKE's cowering form.  Each misses by only a few 
inches.

                               UKYOU (O.S.)
                   You know, you should stop calling me
                   that.  SPAT  After all, I'm *not*
                   your mother.  SPAT  And you're
                   definitely *not* my daughter. SPAT
                   *My* daughter would *never* be a
                   loathsome, bloodsucking monster like
                   you.  SPAT  So I think you'll 
                   thank me, in a way, for relieving
                   you of the burden of your worthless
                   life.

We see the spatula in a woman's hand.  In slow motion, we see it flung at 
GENNOSUKE, slowly spinning towards her head.  GENNOSUKE closes her eyes 
... and a tiny rock, thrown from above, deflects the spat so that it only 
slices open a small cut on her cheek.  Our point of view angles upward, 

and we can see RANMA looking down with a troubled expression.  The view 
rotates to his POV ... and we see UKYOU KUONJI.  She is exactly the same 
as she was in the Twentieth century, and staring up at RANMA with a joyous 
expression.

                                   UKYOU
                   BUBBLY RANCHAN!  I knew it, I knew
                   you weren't dead!  I knew that you
                   didn't die in that stupid tournament
                   on Earth, I knew it!

                                   RANMA
                   U-- BEAT Ukyou.

                                   UKYOU
                   I knew all along that you'd come
                   back to me and to your daughter --

                             GENNOSUKE (O.S.)
                   WHIMPER Mommy ...

UKYOU's face becomes a hideous mask of hatred.

                                   UKYOU
                   Shut up you little whatever-you-are!

She goes back to being cute and sweet.

                                   UKYOU
                   -- and she's such a pretty baby!
                   You'll love her, I know ...

                                   RANMA
                   Ukyou.

                                   UKYOU
                   Yes, Ranchan?  BEAT  Why aren't
                   you calling me Ucchan?

                                   RANMA
                   Ukyou ... that girl is our daughter.

                                   UKYOU
                   BLINKS No she's not.

                                   RANMA
                   Yes, she is.

                                   UKYOU
                   SMILES Ranchan, our daughter is
                   only a month or so old!  And what
                   would any daughter of ours be doing
                   being a SAVAGE filthy depraved
                   vampire monster?!

                                   RANMA
                   Ukyou, you have to understand ...
                   it's been nearly nine hundred years
                   since --

                              SHAMPOO (O.S.)
                   -- since you went to whatever hell
                   you belonged in.

UKYOU slowly turns to see SHAMPOO, a bonbori in each hand, standing a few 
yards away.  SHAMPOO's face is rigid.  UKYOU's expression grows darker and 
darker as the seconds pass.

                                   UKYOU
                   You *told* him, didn't you?

SHAMPOO does not reply.  UKYOU turns to look up at RANMA, appearing angry 
and hurt.

                                   UKYOU
                   She told you!  Didn't she?!

                                   RANMA
                   She ... she said some things, but --

UKYOU whirls to look back at SHAMPOO.

                                   UKYOU
                   How dare you tell him?!  I told you
                   that in confidence!

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Confidence?

                                   UKYOU
                   Of course!  The only reason I told
                   you was that I was *confident* that
                   you'd never tell anyone else.  After
                   all, who'd believe it coming from
                   *you*?  BEAT  Especially since you
                   wanted to do it as much as I did.

SHAMPOO's eyes narrow.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   So you admit it.

                                   UKYOU
                   To you?  Of *course*.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Ranma can hear you, you know.

                                   UKYOU
                   Oh, but I'm not talking to Ranchan
                   right now, am I?

SHAMPOO looks confused for a few moments by this statement ... then a look 
of sudden, horrid understanding blossoms on her face, and she assumes a 
combat stance.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Ranma, get your daughter out of here
                   right now!

UKYOU produces her huge battle spatula from nowhere, and holds it in a 
ready stance.  She pauses to smile up at RANMA.

                                   UKYOU
                   Ranchan, maybe you should get out of
                   the way ... somebody definitely has
                   to teach this Amazon bimbo a lesson,
                   and it could get messy ... and
                   you've had enough of that sort of
                   thing, right?  BEAT  So *I'll* be
                   the one to hand this filthy Chinese
                   whore her head ...

UKYOU's expression grows steadily more malevolent during her final 
statement, until she no longer looks quite *human* at the end.  RANMA 
stares at her in outright horror.  She smiles again, and turns to face 
SHAMPOO.  The edge of her spatula ignites in a black flame.  RANMA leaps 
down to the floor, picks up GENNOSUKE, and leaps up again, just as UKYOU 
charges towards SHAMPOO.  We see SHAMPOO from UKYOU's point-of-view, 
rapidly moving towards her.  She is holding her bonbori vertically at 
shoulder length distance.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   [APOCALYPSE STRIKE OF THE HELL THAT
                   IS BEST LEFT UNDESCRIBED]!!!

She smashes the heads of the bonbori together.

As RANMA clears the mouth of the crevice, a *huge* burst of flame surges 
up.  RANMA slides down the rock facing, holding GENNOSUKE (who is 
completely terrified) in his arms.  He lands on a ledge a few seconds 
later, and looks up to see that the flame is still burning.

                                   RANMA
                   Damn ...

RAYE is standing against the wall, looking up with an annoyed expression.

                                   RAYE
                   This could get very ugly.

RANMA turns at the sound of her voice, and GENNOSUKE sees her and lets out 
a brief shriek of panic.

                                   RAYE
                   DISGUSTED Oh, cut that out.

                                 GENNOSUKE
                   You're going to kill me!

                                   RAYE
                   Don't be an idiot, girl, I'm --

                                 GENNOSUKE
                   I'm a vampyre, Senshi, I know what
                   you do to my kind!

RAYE's expression grows troubled, and we close in on her eye.

                         MUSIC VIDEO FLASHBACK #2

We see several images as the third verse of Dire Strait's "Brothers in 
Arms" play.  We see a young man with blonde-brown hair and shiny green 
eyes (AETHAN DEGALES) smiling at the camera.

                                   SONG
                   Through these fields of destruction

We see a trenchcoated AETHAN being knocked down in an airport by Serena.

                                   SONG
                   Baptisms of fire

We see AETHAN talking to Mina while seated on a porch swing, when suddenly 
an ofuda is thrown at him, striking him between the eyebrows.  He stands, 
pulling the ofuda off to reveal a very angry expression, and mouths the 
words "Do you *mind*?" at the camera.

                                   SONG
                   I've witnessed all your suffering

We see AETHAN in very bad shape, bleeding from several wounds, slumped on 
the ground, holding the limp, broken body of a young man dressed in 
t-shirt and jeans -- and sobbing.

                                   SONG
                   As the battle raged higher

We see AETHAN battling through hordes of stereotypical devils -- tiny red 
men with horns and hooves -- with a blazing katana.  His face is 
expressionless, but there is a strange light in his eyes.

                                   SONG
                   But though they did hurt me so bad,
                   In the fear and alarm,

A devil is clawing at the camera's POV, laughing maniacally.

                                   SONG
                   You did not desert me,
                   My brother in arms

AETHAN's gloved hand reaches out, grabs the devil by the head, twists it 
360 degrees, and tosses the body over his shoulder.  His expression does 
not change as he does so.  He looks down at the camera's POV, and mouths 
the words, "You owe me."

Cut to a shot of an enormous funeral pyre igniting spontaneously, with 
AETHAN standing before it with head bowed.  He lifts his head, and turns 
to look at the camera.

                                  AETHAN
                   Well?  BEAT  What are you waiting
                   for?  BEAT  I assure you that
                   you'll never get a better chance
                   than this.  BEAT  Don't bother
                   making excuses.  I know that you
                   would be quite happy to see me dead.
                   BEAT  And right now, girl, I would
                   welcome death.

There is a long pause, and then AETHAN turns to the camera full on, his 
face furious, his fangs definitely in evidence.

                                  AETHAN
                   "Why?"  Woden, Thunor und Nerthus,
                   girl, *what do you care*?  You've
                   hated me from the first moment we
                   met.  I deserve it, I suppose, I am
                   one of the monsters you're supposed
                   to destroy.  So destroy me, already!
                   BEAT; UTTER FURY COME ON!  DO IT!
                   *KILL ME AND BE DONE*, RAYE HINO!

Flames fill the image.

                       END MUSIC VIDEO FLASHBACK #2

RAYE shakes her head, and then looks at GENNOSUKE with a stern but sad 
expression.

                                   RAYE
                   No.  We don't judge people for the
                   things that they *are*, only for the
                   things that they've *done*.  BEAT
                   And nothing you've done so far calls
                   for the death penalty, girl. BEAT
                   Not even the utterly *stupid* act of
                   using the Dark Crystal!

GENNOSUKE flinches.

                                   RAYE
                   Didn't you realize that it wouldn't
                   call your mother back?  Just a demon
                   to wear her form?

                                   RANMA
                   STARTLED Hold it!  That's not
                   really Ucchan?

                                   RAYE
                   It is and it isn't.  BEAT  Amy's
                   *so* much better at this sort of
                   thing ... it's a demon that borrows
                   a bit of your Ukyou's spirit, and 
                   uses that to shape its form based on
                   the memories and expectations -- 
                   both conscious and otherwise -- that
                   you had of her.  In a sense, it acts
                   according to your conceptions of
                   what Ukyou was like.

RANMA blinks, and then looks at GENNOSUKE ... who does her best to avoid 
meeting his gaze.

                                   RANMA
                   But then ...

                                   RAYE
                   What?

                                   RANMA
                   SHAKES HEAD Nothing.  BEAT So
                   what do we do now?

                                   RAYE
                   We wait.  And we pray that Shampoo
                   lives up to her reputation.

                                   RANMA
                   Shouldn't we --

                                   RAYE
                   No.  That's the other side of this
                   sort of demon.  It ... reflects the
                   powers of whoever fights it.  BEAT
                   No, reflect isn't the right word.
                   More like imitates.  Once something
                   has been used against it --

                                   RANMA
                   So it's got all Shampoo's techniques
                   now?

                                   RAYE
                   All that she's used.  But if you or
                   I were to go in there, its powers
                   would increase to include ours.
                   BEAT I think that would fit the
                   definition of "bad", right?

RANMA nods, but he's clearly not happy.

                                   RANMA
                   I hate waiting.

                                   RAYE
                   INTONED Patience, grasshopper.

                                   RANMA
                   GLARES You've been waiting nine
                   hundred years for an excuse to use
                   that line, haven't you?

RAYE nods smugly.

Cut to a shot of the Crystal Palace, just before dawn.  Cut to a large 
chamber inside the palace, with a couch and an entertainment system, along 
with table and chairs.  TENCHI, WASHUU, and TSUNAMI are seated on the 
couch, while RYOUKO is hovering beside the door leading outwards.  The 
door opens, and everyone looks up to see AYEKA leading a fatigued looking 
ENDYMION in to the room.  TENCHI gets up to greet him.

                                 ENDYMION
                   Your Imperial Majesty.

                                  TENCHI
                   Your Highness.  BEAT  It's true,
                   then?

                                 ENDYMION
                   NODS She was abducted a few
                   minutes before midnight.

                                  RYOUKO
                   How'd this happen?

                                 ENDYMION
                   Apparently, the kidnapper 
                   threatened to detonate a small
                   nuclear weapon if Serenity didn't
                   go --

                                  RYOUKO
                   Wait a minute.  How'd he even get 
                   *in* through the security around 
                   this place?


                                 ENDYMION
                   Ms. Fujiko is generally acknowledged
                   as the second greatest thief who's
                   ever lived.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Huh.  Well, that's different.

                                  TENCHI
                   In any event, if there's any way
                   that we can be of assistance in
                   this matter --

                                 ENDYMION
                   NODS There is.  Approximately
                   twenty-four hours ago, Lady Mars
                   was given the assignment of
                   pursuing a criminal to Mars.

                                  TENCHI
                   I'm aware of that.

                                 ENDYMION
                   There hasn't been any word from her
                   since her arrival, about eight hours
                   ago.  BEAT  In the event of the
                   Queen's incapacitation, control of
                   the Realm's forces descends to Lady
                   Jupiter -- who is, unfortunately, on
                   a temporary suspension -- and then
                   to Lady Mars.

                                   AYEKA
                   Out of curiosity, Prince Endymion,
                   where are *you* in the chain of
                   command?

                                 ENDYMION
                   SHAKES HEAD I'm not.  BEAT  I
                   have absolutely no authority
                   whatsoever, Lady Ayeka.  That's the
                   way I wanted it when we made plans 
                   for our system.

                                   AYEKA
                   Why?

                                 ENDYMION
                   When Darien and Serena were younger,
                   he was always the one who arrived at
                   the last moment to give her victory.
                   BEAT  It made him feel needed, but
                   it caused problems in their home
                   life ... because he didn't realize
                   that she *allowed* him to be her
                   savior of the last moment; that she
                   was quite capable of dispatching the
                   monsters without being told, "Now, 
                   Sailor Moon!"  BEAT  Did you know
                   that they almost broke up, less than
                   a year after their marriage, because
                   of that?  Fortunately ...

ENDYMION pauses, then smiles sadly, with remembered warmth.

                                 ENDYMION
                   Fortunately, a couple, older and
                   *somewhat* wiser than they, helped 
                   them back together.  It took time 
                   and counseling, but gradually he 
                   came to accept that Serena loved him
                   even though she didn't *need* him.
                   BEAT In any event, when we began
                   to make plans for the division of
                   power in Crystal Tokyo, I made very
                   certain that I was given no special
                   office, so that my ego wouldn't
                   become fixated on the idea that
                   Serenity *needed* me to do this
                   task or that job.  Because she
                   doesn't -- I am quite convinced that
                   the only reason she doesn't run the
                   whole show by herself is that she
                   wants to give her Senshi something
                   to do.  As for myself, I have only
                   one duty -- love her.  Just love
                   her.  That's all.

There is a long silence in the room.  TENCHI almost, but not quite, looks 
over his shoulder at his wives.

                                  TENCHI
                   I see.  Yes, I can definitely see
                   your point.

                                 ENDYMION
                   WRY SMILE I thought you might.
                   BEAT In any event, I'm not in
                   the chain of command ... however,
                   with Mars gone, Jupiter on her
                   suspension, and Venus ... absent,
                   command over our forces descends
                   to Mercury, and she's never been
                   comfortable taking command of
                   anything.  BEAT  What I came to
                   ask was whether or not you would
                   be willing to use the starship
                   you brought here to travel to
                   Mars and assist Lady Mars in
                   returning home, swifter than we
                   can?

TENCHI winces.

                                  TENCHI
                   Unfortunately, as a gesture of
                   good faith when the call for the
                   referendum came, we had the
                   Throneship power down and land in
                   Alaska.  It'll take several hours
                   to get it space ready, and you
                   could have a regular ship on Mars
                   by then.

TSUNAMI and WASHUU exchange a look, as do AYEKA and RYOUKO.  Neither 
TENCHI nor ENDYMION notice.

                                  TENCHI
                   I'm sorry, your Highness ... if we
                   had another ship, I would be glad to
                   personally --

                                  TSUNAMI
                   Excuse me.

TENCHI turns to look at TSUNAMI, who is looking down and rotating her 
index fingers around a central point.

                                  TENCHI
                   Yes, Tsunami?

                                  TSUNAMI
                   Ummmmm.  There ... well ...

                                  TENCHI
                   Tsunami?

TSUNAMI looks up, turns to look at WASHUU ... who is also looking down and 
rotating her fingers.

                                  WASHUU
                   We ... sort of ...

                                  TSUNAMI
                   There *IS* another ship available.

                                  TENCHI
                   BLINKS There is?

                                  TSUNAMI
                   NODS Us.

                                  TENCHI
                   Tsunami, I appreciate the offer,
                   but aren't You currently holding
                   orbit near Pluto?  It would --

                                  TSUNAMI
                   No, We're not.

There is a long silence.

                                  TENCHI
                   VERY CALM Where are You?

                                  TSUNAMI
                   We are currently maintaining
                   geosynchronous orbit over Hokkaido,
                   cloaked and generating a Minovski 
                   field to prevent the rather large 
                   fleet assembling over Crystal Tokyo
                   from detecting Us.  There have been 
                   several incidents of near collisions
                   between Us and Space Force vessels,
                   but they have as yet not discovered
                   Our presence.

                                  TENCHI
                   DEEP BREATH *Why* are you orbiting
                   Earth?

                                  TSUNAMI
                   We decided to ensure that you would
                   have a means of leaving the planet
                   swiftly in the event that the vote
                   turned against the Jurai-Earth
                   alliance, and hostility broke out.

                                  TENCHI
                   *You* decided this by *Yourselves*?

                                  TSUNAMI
                   No.  BEAT  It was suggested to Us.

TENCHI slowly turns to look at WASHUU, who is still rotating her fingers.  
Her rotation slows down, and finally stops, just as she looks up with an 
embarrassed expression.

                                  WASHUU
                   Oops.

                                  TENCHI
                   RUBBING HEAD Please explain ...

                                  WASHUU
                   I knew that you'd do something like
                   make that good faith gesture, so I
                   decided to make sure that your
                   gesture didn't backfire on --

                                  TENCHI
                   SNAPS Washuu, you DO understand
                   the concept of a "gesture of good
                   faith", right?  I had the Throneship
                   grounded because it's the second
                   most powerful starship in known
                   space, and I didn't want the Terrans
                   to have to make their choice with it
                   hovering over their heads.  And now,
                   I find out that *the* most powerful
                   starship has been ... BEAT  How
                   could you *do* something so --

                                  WASHUU
                   Stupid?  BEAT  I was blinded by
                   love.  It's happened before, and it
                   will probably happen again.  That's
                   life.

TENCHI stares at her for a few seconds, before he turns away, rubbing the 
side of his head.

                                  TENCHI
                   I cannot afford to get angry right
                   now, because if I get as angry as I
                   want to be over this, I won't be
                   able to think clearly, and I need to
                   be able to think clearly.  BEAT
                   But when this is over ...

WASHUU sighs, and nods once.

                                  TENCHI
                   Tsunami, are You ready to set course
                   for Mars?

TSUNAMI's eyes are distant.

                                  TSUNAMI
                   There is a problem.

                                  TENCHI
                   What's the matter?

                                  TSUNAMI
                   We have just become aware that the
                   fleet is using gravitic distortion
                   sensors.  If We change Our orbit, 
                   they will certainly become aware of
                   Our presence.

                                  TENCHI
                   In other words, you're stuck where
                   you are.

                                  TSUNAMI
                   No, those are very good words --

                                  TENCHI
                   *Great.*   Please keep up your
                   cloak, and do whatever you can to
                   minimize the chances of discovery.
                   Prince Endymion, I apologize for
                   these developments, but I hope that
                   you will --

                                 ENDYMION
                   I realize that your wives were only 
                   acting to protect what they saw as 
                   your best interests, Your Majesty.  
                   You have my assurances that I won't
                   reveal a word of this, except to my
                   wife, if she asks.
 
                                  TENCHI
                   Thank you.  I'm sorry that you got
                   dragged into our little domestic
                   dispute when you came asking for
                   help, and that we couldn't give --

                                   AYEKA
                   Wait, what about Ryo-oh-ki?

TENCHI slowly turns to look at her.

                                  TENCHI
                   Ayeka, did you know about this too?

AYEKA lowers her head and begins to rotate her index fingers around a 
central point.

                                  TENCHI
                   SIGH Is there some sign on my back
                   that says, "Don't tell me about it"?
                   BEAT Where is Ryo-oh-ki?

                                  TSUNAMI
                   We had her wait for Us on the far
                   side of the Moon.  Presumably, she's
                   still there, probably poking around
                   the craters.

                                  TENCHI
                   All right.  Ryouko, if you could go
                   up to Ryo-oh-ki and head over to
                   Mars --

                                  RYOUKO
                   Yeah ... that'd work.  It'll take a
                   few hours, plus however long it
                   takes to get authorization.

AYEKA touches her hairpiece.

                                   AYEKA
                   Embassy, please file a flight plan
                   for a Moon-bound vessel.  Size:
                   humanoid.  Classification ... BEAT
                   occasionally non-belligerent.

RYOUKO gives AYEKA the hairy eyeball.

                                   AYEKA
                   Full diplomatic authorizations, of
                   course.  PAUSE, LISTENS  Good.
                   TO RYOUKO  They want you to
                   avoid the fleet build up over
                   Crystal Tokyo, but you're cleared
                   for immediate departure.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Right, thanks.  BEAT  Full
                   diplomatic authorization, huh?
                   SMILES WICKEDLY

                                   AYEKA
                   WEARY Please *try* to avoid
                   embarrassing Jurai ...

RYOUKO is obviously ignoring her, as she walks over to stand before 
TENCHI.  She peers over his shoulder at WASHUU, who has a downcast 
expression.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Hey, "Mom"?  Could you turn around
                   for a second?

                                  WASHUU
                   SIGH Daughter, I've told you that 
                   I don't mind you expressing your 
                   feelings for Tenchi several times.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Great.  I *do* mind you *watching*
                   me when I do.  Turn around.

WASHUU rolls her eyes, and turns her back on them.  RYOUKO slowly presses 
her lips to TENCHI's, then pulls back, smiling gently.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Just in case ...

She turns to walk out the door, and notices that AYEKA is staring at her 
with mixed disapproval and envy on her face.

                                  RYOUKO
                   You owe me that one, after a certain
                   ... conversation.  BEAT  Or lack
                   thereof.

AYEKA blushes beet red for a moment.  RYOUKO heads out the door, pausing 
to wave as she exits.  TENCHI stares at AYEKA for a moment, then smiles 
suddenly.

Cut to Earth orbit.  Several large spaceships are maintaining their 
positions over a cluster of lights on the planet that resembles the 
pentagram of Crystal Tokyo.  In between the ships, Mobile Suits -- large, 
humanoid mecha of various designs -- dart swiftly about, or hold positions 
of their own.  Our view closes on a single stationary Mobile Suit.  It is 
noteworthy not for its armament (a large rifle in its right hand and a 
large shield mounted on its left arm) but for its exclusively gray color 
and for a large red gem mounted in the center of the torso.  (For those 
curious and knowledgeable, aside from its coloration and accessory, this 
mecha resembles the Mark II Gundam almost exactly).  Inside the cockpit, 
the pilot -- a young seeming female whose turquoise hair extends out of
her helmet -- is looking rather bored.  Suddenly, one of the sensors in 
the cockpit begins to beep, and the pilot looks up at her main screen ...
and her jaw drops, for it is showing RYOUKO, standing placidly in the void
of space, apparently examining the Mobile Suit.  Finally, RYOUKO mouths 
the word "cute", and zooms upwards off the screen.

                                  NAGISA
                   BLINKS I didn't see that ...

Cut to Mars.  RAYE and RANMA are still standing on the ledge with their 
backs to the wall, listening to the sounds of the fight.  GENNOSUKE is now 
standing, although she still looks beaten up.

                                   RANMA
                   It's been about an hour, hasn't it?

                                   RAYE
                   About that long, maybe longer. BEAT
                   What's with the face, Saotome?  You
                   almost look upset at the thought of
                   Shampoo fighting an opponent that
                   can match anything she can try.

                                   RANMA
                   Hey!  I don't like her, but I don't
                   wanna see her --

                                   RAYE
                   Could've fooled me.

                                   RANMA
                   STUNG Looks like I did.  BEAT  I
                   want her to live, and suffer.

RAYE reacts as though she's been slapped.

                                   RAYE
                   ANGRY Of *course* she's suffering,
                   she's in love with *you*.

                                   RANMA
                   Oh yeah?

                                   RAYE
                   Yeah!  And every woman who's loved 
                   you has suffered in one way or 
                   another!

RANMA clenches a fist, and his battle aura starts to glow.  RAYE's eyes 
narrow.  GENNOSUKE looks nervously at them.

                                   RAYE
                   That's why we're all *here*, isn't
                   it?

                                 GENNOSUKE
                   Uh ... father?

                                   RANMA
                   Oh yeah?  Well I've heard a few
                   things about your love life, too,
                   *Lady*!

                                   RAYE
                   What --

                                   RANMA
                   You think stories don't get told
                   about poor Lady Mars and her tragic
                   doomed love for her Queen?

                                   RAYE
                   Don't you *dare* drag her into this.

                                 GENNOSUKE
                   Excuse me ...

                                   RANMA
                   Oh, I've heard 'em all.  "Waah, I
                   love her but we've never done
                   anything --" SNORT "-- and now
                   I'm going to lose her forever."
                   But you never do, do ya?  You talk
                   about losing your loves -- Lady,
                   as far as I'm concerned, you've
                   never known *any* real loss.

                                   RAYE
                   You *bastard*.

                                 GENNOSUKE
                   Hey!

                            RANMA & RAYE (sim)
                   FURIOUS WHAT?!

                                 GENNOSUKE
                   Listen to the fight.

They pause, and realize that there is no noise coming from the fight.  
There is a brief role of thunder.  RAYE scrambles up the wall, followed a 
second later.  GENNOSUKE watches them go ... and starts to inch away.  
RAYE and RANMA peer over the edge, and see that UKYOU -- who is now 
radiating Dark Power -- is holding SHAMPOO a foot off the ground, with her 
left hand tightly grasping her throat, while ramming the handle of her 
battle spatula into her lower chest, causing her to jerk in pain.  RANMA 
looks like he's about to call out, but RAYE violently gestures for him to 
keep quiet.  UKYOU laughs shortly, and tosses SHAMPOO aside.  SHAMPOO 
starts to pull herself to her feet, coughing up blood.

                                   UKYOU
                   You really are too dumb to quit,
                   aren't you, bitch?

SHAMPOO is on her feet, but unsteady.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   When I'm fighting ... for something
                   as important as this ... I guess I
                   am ...

                                   UKYOU
                   As important as *what*?  Even if you
                   defeat me, it won't prove anything.
                   Ranchan will still hate you like
                   poison.  You're *never* going to win
                   his heart.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   I know ...

                                   UKYOU
                   Then you really are an idiot to keep
                   fighting like this.  Just lie down
                   and die, like a good little moron.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   So a monster like you can go on?
                   Never.

                                   UKYOU
                   SNORTS So now, after plotting and
                   scheming and the occasional indirect
                   murder, you hope to redeem your soul
                   by battling demons?

In a flash, she is standing in front of SHAMPOO, and with a swing of her 
spat, knocks her face first into the crevice wall.

                                   UKYOU
                   It makes no difference.  Your soul
                   is black like the night, and you're
                   going straight to Hell when you
                   die.  THERE IS NO HOPE.

SHAMPOO is still against the wall for a long moment.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   MUFFLED No hope?

                                   UKYOU
                   None.

SHAMPOO slowly pushes herself out of the small impression that she's made 
in the crevice wall, and stands very still, her head bowed, and her back 
to our view.  Slowly she lifts her head.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Then there's no point in holding
                   back, is there?

UKYOU is startled, but before she can react, SHAMPOO spins around.  Her 
eyes have become catslits, and she opens her mouth to reveal several 
broken teeth -- and to let out a low, cat-like growl.  Holding her hands 
over her face, her fingernails grow over an inch in length, becoming long 
claws.  Her face a picture of savagery, she leaps towards UKYOU, roaring 
like a lioness.  We cut to the horrified faces of RANMA and RAYE as the 
sounds of violence begin again -- including the sound of tearing flesh.

                                   RANMA
                   The Neko-Ken?!

                                   RAYE
                   This is bad.

                                   RANMA
                   Where the hell did she learn the
                   Cat-Fist?

                                   RAYE
                   Saotome, now is not the time.  This
                   is *very* bad.

                                   RANMA
                   What's so bad about it?  She's
                   killing the demon, right?

                                   RAYE
                   Gods, it's a miracle you survived a
                   century.  When she destroys the
                   demon's physical form, its essence
                   will naturally seek a new vessel.
                   And demons --

                                   RANMA
                   -- have a preference for vessels
                   which already aren't in control of
                   themselves.  BEAT  Like she's not.
                   BEAT  This is bad.  What do we do?

                                   RAYE
                   There's not a hell of a lot that we
                   *can* do, unless you'd care to try
                   and coax her out of the Cat-Fist,
                   which will allow the demon to
                   regenerate and kill us all.

                                   RANMA
                   Which it's going to do anyway if it
                   takes hold of Shampoo in Cat Fist
                   mode.  The only thing that would
                   stop it would be *me* in that state,
                   and I still can't turn that on and
                   off at will ...

RAYE closes her eyes, and concentrates for a second.

                                   RAYE
                   There might be one way.

                                   RANMA
                   What is it?

                                   RAYE
                   In the first few seconds of the
                   demonic possession, its binding is
                   usually fairly loose.  If I could
                   do a sufficiently powerful exorcism
                   on it --

                                   RANMA
                   It'd go back where it came from?

RAYE opens her eyes, and they're troubled.

                                   RAYE
                   Maybe even destroy it utterly.
                   BEAT There's just one problem.  By
                   myself, I don't have enough power to
                   do the job.

                                   RANMA
                   Then why the hell'd you bring it --

                                   RAYE
                   Emphasis on "by myself", Saotome.
                   BEAT I'd need one of the other
                   Senshi ... or someone of comparable
                   power.  BEAT  I'd need your fire.

RANMA stares at her silently for a moment.

                                   RANMA
                   You'll need to do a link?

                                   RAYE
                   Yes.  BEAT  A deep link.  We would
                   ... know each other as well as we
                   know ourselves.

                                   RANMA
                   NODS Right.  Do it.

He closes his eyes.  RAYE stares at him with her misgivings written all 
over her face, then slowly reaches out to press her finger tips to his 
forehead.

Cut to black.

RANMA floats in the blackness.  Suddenly, a speck of light appears in the 
distance, and rapidly expands to fill everything with the image of the 
Temple that RAYE grew up in.  RANMA is suddenly in black and white, 
contrasting with the vivid colours of the image.  He hears voices, but 
can't make out what they're saying.  He turns to see a tall man in a 
three-piece suit and black sunglasses speaking to a much smaller, wrinkled 
man in the robes of a Shinto priest (RAYE'S GRANDFATHER).  Finally, the 
tall man nods, and turns to walk away.  Suddenly, there is the sound of 
slapping sandals, as a much younger RAYE (perhaps five or six) comes 
running up, her mouth forming the word "Daddy" over and over again.  
RAYE'S GRANDFATHER catches her, and holds her back, but she keeps calling 
for her Daddy ... who never looks back as he walks out of her life.

RAYE floats in the blackness.  Suddenly, a speck of light appears in the 
distance, and rapidly expands to fill everything with the image of a bit 
of Japanese countryside.  RAYE is suddenly in black and white, contrasting 
with the vivid colours of the image.  She hears something, and turns to 
look at a rather large man (GENMA) running and pulling a cart, on top of 
which a much younger RANMA (six years old) is sitting and waving at a much 
younger UKYOU (ditto), who is running some distance behind them, waving 
her arms and shouting.  Quite suddenly, RAYE is seated beside young RANMA, 
and sees, in his eye, a small tear start to trickle down.  He quickly 
wipes it away, and looks angry at himself for losing even that much 
self-control.

The area around RANMA blurs, and he sees RAYE (now fourteen), sweeping the 
grounds of the temple.  Quite suddenly, another girl (SERENA) comes 
running up to her and starts babbling.  RAYE is startled by this.  Then 
SERENA says something that rubs RAYE the wrong way, and she starts 
shouting at her.  A strange, rapid thumping noise can be heard, but RANMA 
can't seem to identify the source.  SERENA starts to back away, but then 
she says something that comes through loud and clear.

                                  SERENA
                   I want to be your friend.

She then heads away, followed by a black cat which casts a look back at 
RAYE.  RAYE stares, confused, and then notices something on the ground ... 
a pen.  As she picks it up, the thumping noise slows down.

The area around RAYE blurs, depositing her in a room in the Tendou home, 
and she sees RANMA, in her female form, seated beside the prone form of 
TENDOU SOUUN, in between NABIKI and AKANE -- and RAYE reacts oddly to the 
sight of AKANE with long hair, touching her own hair.  KASUMI kneeling at
her father's head, says something that can't be made out.  NABIKI reacts
to this, yelling at her father.  Her father's response provokes her to
start prodding at RANMA's breasts -- which causes RANMA's face to flush
in embarrassment and humiliation.  RANMA turns to look at AKANE in
response to something that she said, and sees that she's smiling at her.

                                   AKANE
                   I'm Akane.  Want to be friends?

RANMA smiles, hesitantly, and there's a faint look of panic in her eyes.

The area around RANMA twists, and he finds himself in a ruined city 
district, and he can hear the sounds of battle all around him.  RANMA 
looks up, just as the body of a young woman with short-cropped blonde hair 
in a blue and yellow sailor fuku comes flying through his insubstantial 
form.  RANMA turns to look at her with a horrified expression, and sees 
that she is quite definitely dead -- her upper chest is basically gone.  
RANMA looks away, and sees, in the distance, Sailor Moon with a trident 
sticking in her stomach.  Sailor Mars is crawling towards her ... but Moon 
expires before she can touch her hand.  For a moment, everything is 
still.  Then Sailor Moon's body begins to swell, expanding as though some 
gas were filling it -- and then it explodes, leaving only tattered rags of 
flesh behind, as SERENITY is unleashed.  Mars and RANMA stare at this with 
mixed horror and wonder.

The area around RAYE twists, and she finds herself in what looks like a 
deserted airport terminal.  RANMA walks irritatedly towards a row of 
phones, picks one up, and talks into it.  He stares at it for a moment 
with a confused expression, and then his face goes white with sudden 
panic.  He turns to look out the large picture window at a spaceplane on 
the other side ... just as it explodes in a huge fireball that shatters 
the window and roars towards him.  As the blast front reaches him, 
knocking him back, there is only time for him to say one word.

                                   RANMA
                   Akane --

Then he is knocked through a wall, and fire encompasses everything.  RAYE 
floats in the fire, with a horrified expression.

The area around RANMA twists, and he watches as Mars, still wearing her 
tattered fuku, stumbles into her home, looks up, and sees that a large 
crystal in the center of the living room has shattered.  She sighs with 
relief ... and then she sees the tattered rags of flesh across the 
crystal's wreckage, and turns to see ENDYMION standing near the window.  
He turns to look at her with a smile on his face.  Mars' eyes roll up into 
her skull, and she faints.

The area around RAYE twists, and she finds herself watching RANMA erect 
the stone structure that will serve as UKYOU's tomb, and realizes that 
he's crying.

Dozens of other moments of loss and pain for both of them flash across the 
screen ... but mixed in with them are a small handful of moments of joy 
and perfect beauty.  Finally, the two of them stand before each other, all 
illusion stripped, and reach towards one another, slowly merging into a 
single being.

RAYE's eyes jerk open, as do RANMA's.  Silently, without an expression on 
her face, RAYE produces an ofuda, which she holds before her face, 
charging it with her fire, making it stand upright.  Equally 
expressionless, RANMA reaches out to grasp the top of the ofuda, 
transferring his battle aura to it ... making the flames burn even more 
intensely.  RAYE nods, rises, and looks down on the chasm.  SHAMPOO is 
standing over the remains of UKYOU, and clearly fighting an inner 
struggle, which can be seen on her face.  She looks up, and sees RAYE 
standing there, holding the blazing ofuda, and lets out a hideous, demonic 
howl.

                                   RAYE
                   AKURYOU!  TAISAN!
 
She throws the ofuda at her.  It slams into her forehead, and explodes in 
flames, knocking SHAMPOO back, but holding *something* -- some twisted, 
horned creature -- in its place.  The creature writhes, shrieks, and 
ultimately disintegrates ... and the human remains do so as well.  RAYE 
closes her eyes, and lets out a sigh of relief.

                               UKYOU (O.S.)
                   Excuse me, what's going on here?

RAYE opens her eyes in disbelief, and stares down at the chasm floor.  
UKYOU, dressed in bleached white versions of her usual outfit, is standing 
where the creature was standing, looking around confusedly.

                              SHAMPOO (O.S.)
                   HOARSE Your basic battle against
                   the forces of darkness -- namely
                   you.

UKYOU turns in the direction of SHAMPOO's voice, and lets out a startled 
gasp.

                                   UKYOU
                   Shampoo?  Damn, what happened to 
                   you?

SHAMPOO slowly pulls herself to her feet ... and we see that her left arm 
seems to be broken, that she's bleeding from wounds all over her body ... 
and that her face is covered with wrinkles, and her hair has gone white.  
She looks like a woman in her mid-seventies.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Fortunes of war.  BEAT Go back to
                   whatever hell you came from, Kuonji
                   Ukyou.

                                   UKYOU
                   What?!  What would I be doing in
                   hell?  BEAT  The last thing I
                   remember is fighting Cologne --

                                  SHAMPOO
                   What would you be doing in hell?
                   Isn't that where murderers go?

                                   UKYOU
                   I guess.  But ... who'd I kill?

                                  SHAMPOO
                   BEAT You had Akane killed!  You
                   admitted it --

                                   UKYOU
                   Oh, that.  SHRUG  I lied.

There is a long silence.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   You what?

                                   UKYOU
                   I realized that you were upset that
                   you thought I'd gotten to her before
                   you could, so I decided to mess with
                   your mind.  It was pretty easy,
                   actually.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   But -- but -- you went after Cologne
                   when you found out that she --

                                   UKYOU
                   Was that what that was about?  Damn, 
                   I thought she'd found out that I'd 
                   joined Free Mars.

SHAMPOO's face is wide with horror.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Then -- you -- didn't --

                                   UKYOU
                   Of course not.  I thought *you* did,
                   until you came in accusing me.  
                   BEAT  I guess we'll never know ...
                   oh, well, no great loss, anyway.
                   BEAT  Wait a minute, what *did* 
                   happen at the end of my fight with 
                   Cologne?  I can't --

Above, RAYE, who looks almost ill, turns to look at RANMA, who is sitting 
and looking away from this spectacle.

                                   RAYE
                   Saotome.  She doesn't realize that
                   she's dead.  BEAT  You're going to
                   have to tell her.

                                   RANMA
                   You do it.

                                   RAYE
                   It has to be someone she'll believe.

RANMA slowly gets up, and turns to look down at UKYOU, who is talking to 
herself, trying to remember what happened.

                                   RANMA
                   Ukyou.

UKYOU looks up startled, and a huge grin blossoms on her face.

                                   UKYOU
                   BUBBLY RANCHAN!  I knew it, I knew
                   you weren't dead!  I knew that you
                   didn't die in that stupid tournament
                   on Earth, I knew it!

                                   RANMA
                   U-- BEAT Ukyou.

                                   UKYOU
                   I knew all along that you'd come
                   back to me and to your daughter --

                                   RANMA
                   Ucchan.  BEAT  Goodbye.

                                   UKYOU
                   Goodbye?  W-where are you going?

                                   RANMA
                   Nowhere.  But you're dead, Ucchan.

                                   UKYOU
                   I'm dead?

RANMA nods.  UKYOU experimentally passes one of her hands through her arm.

                                   UKYOU
                   Damn.

UKYOU's ghost-body disintegrates instantly.  SHAMPOO slowly slumps to the 
ground with a devastated expression.  RAYE closes her eyes.

                                   RAYE
                   It's over.

Cut to the base of the stone monument.  SHAMPOO is seated on a rock with 
her head in her hands and a blanket from the car wrapped around her. RANMA 
and RAYE meet a few yards behind her, coming from opposite directions.

                                   RAYE
                   I've searched everywhere.  Your
                   daughter got clean away.

                                   RANMA
                   I checked the tomb ... and Ukyou's
                   actual grave hasn't been entered.
                   BEAT So that body was a creation
                   of the Dark Crystal --

                                   RAYE
                   Wherever it is.  BEAT  Dammit.
                   If something went right on this 
                   mission, now, I'd be so thrilled I
                   might just keel over.

RAYE casts a look in SHAMPOO's direction.

                                   RAYE
                   I'm going to go get the car started.
                   With the disruption of the crystal
                   gone, it should work.  BEAT Do me
                   a favor and talk with her, Saotome.

RAYE walks away.  RANMA turns to look at SHAMPOO, and slowly walks towards 
her, approaching her from the rear.  SHAMPOO doesn't look up.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   If you're going to kill me do it
                   quickly.  I deserve that much.

RANMA just looks at her.  SHAMPOO lifts her head, resting her chin on her 
knuckles and staring off towards the horizon.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   She was right.  BEAT  Even after
                   all that I'd realized, I was still
                   jealous of Akane.  And it's quite
                   possible that if I'd been given a
                   chance to eliminate her so that no
                   one would know about it ... I'd have
                   taken it.  BEAT  Even though I'd
                   already given up on ever winning
                   your heart.

                                   RANMA
                   What?

                                  SHAMPOO
                   It's true.  When I learned that you
                   had no intention of ever allowing
                   yourself to be cured of your curse,
                   I immediately stopped thinking of
                   you like that.  BEAT  At most, I
                   wanted your friendship ...

                                   RANMA
                   Whoa.  Whoa whoa whoa.  What does my
                   curse have to do with anything?

SHAMPOO turns to RANMA, and smiles a very sweet, sad smile.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Picture it.  Joketsuzoku, 1991.  A
                   young woman warrior seeks to prove
                   herself in her tribe's annual martial
                   arts competition, two years before
                   she is supposed to be allowed in.
                   Because of her family's prominence
                   -- and despite the fact that her
                   father is an outsider -- the Elders
                   permit it.  BEAT Her training and
                   natural talent carry her to victory
                   in every battle that she fights --
                   with one major exception.  The last
                   fight, in which she is tired from
                   her exertions, against a red-haired
                   warrior who has been adopted into
                   the tribe under the name of Du Sho.
                   Du Sho has been the village champion
                   for three years running.  The young
                   girl loses to the champion.  It is
                   sad, but even to have competed
                   against such a one is an honour.
                   BEAT However, the victor of the
                   final match is permitted to ask a
                   boon of the family of the woman she
                   has defeated.  BEAT  And Du Sho,
                   who is a woman of ... unusual
                   desires, wishes only one thing of
                   the vanquished warrior's family --
                   the young woman herself.  BEAT  As
                   a student, Du Sho says.  BEAT  To
                   preserve the family honor, the young
                   woman's grandmother acquiesces.

                                   RANMA
                   Shampoo ...

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Please do not interrupt.  BEAT
                   Every day, for a year, Du Sho trains
                   the young woman in the arts.  She
                   learns much.  BEAT  And every
                   night, for a year, Du Sho trains the
                   young woman in ... other things.
                   Horrible things.  Every night, when
                   it is done, Du Sho whispers in her
                   "pupil's" ear, "No man shall ever
                   love you."  BEAT  Perhaps Du Sho
                   means that no man shall ever love 
                   her as much as Du Sho does, and
                   perhaps Du Sho believes that what
                   she feels for her pupil is love.
                   Perhaps.  BEAT  And then the year
                   has passed, and the time for the
                   martial arts competition comes
                   again.  Once more, the young woman
                   petitions to be allowed to compete,
                   and once again her petition is
                   accepted, and once again, she
                   overcomes all those who fight her.
                   BEAT And once again, she faces
                   Du Sho on the log.  And as she meets
                   her teacher in the first exchange of
                   blows, Du Sho whispers in the ear of
                   her pupil, "Another year, my sweet?"

SHAMPOO is silent.  RANMA is staring at her in horror.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   The next thing that the young woman
                   remembers is looking at Du Sho's
                   body as it is taken away for burial.
                   BEAT It is a disgrace, of course.
                   The competition is meant to hone the
                   skills of the Joketsuzoku, not to
                   eliminate one who is one of their
                   finest fighters ... no matter how
                   unusual her tastes.  The young woman
                   warriors "victory" is ruled invalid,
                   and the championship is given to the
                   fighter that she bested just before
                   the fatal match.  BEAT  It is a
                   disgrace, but it attracts the notice
                   of the young woman's great-grand-
                   mother ... who takes her under her
                   wing, so that next year, she can win
                   the championship.  BEAT Unhappily
                   for all, however ... but I think you
                   know the rest of the story, because
                   it is your own, as well.

                                   RANMA
                   I ... I didn't know.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Would you have believed me if I told
                   you, under any other circumstances,
                   Ranma?  BEAT  Would you have even
                   cared?

                                   RANMA
                   Yes!  My god, *nobody* deserves to
                   have that happen to them!

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Would it have made a difference?

SHAMPOO slowly pulls herself to her feet, her joints creaking as she does 
so.  RANMA moves as if to aid her, but she wards him off.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   When I can no longer stand by myself
                   will be my time to fall.  BEAT And
                   I tell you the story now ... because
                   I want you to understand me, before
                   the end comes.

                                   RANMA
                   "The end"?  What're you talking 
                   about?  You're gonna be okay --

                                  SHAMPOO
                   I have lost my sense of the Tao,
                   Saotome Ranma.  Soon, the old age
                   which has been denied shall come on
                   me with a vengeance.  In a few days,
                   I shall be as my great-grandmother
                   was.  And then an old friend will
                   come calling.

                                   RANMA
                   TRYING TO JOKE Mousse?

                                  SHAMPOO
                   No.  BEAT  All this is because I 
                   have learned that I have harbored 
                   for centuries a lie at my heart.
                   BEAT  Which leads me to my last 
                   request of you, Saotome Ranma.  I
                   do not wish for you to suffer this
                   fate.  So I ask you this:  What, in
                   the fullness of time, has Hibiki
                   Ryouga truly done to you?

Cut to RAYE driving the car up to the monument.  She sees RANMA standing 
alone beside the rock.  She stares for a moment, then steps out of the 
car.

                                   RAYE
                   Where is she?

                                   RANMA
                   She's gone.  She said to tell you
                   that she's resigning her commission,
                   effective immediately.

                                   RAYE
                   I see.  Well.  It's going to be hard
                   to return this car without the one
                   who rented it with us, isn't it?

                                   RANMA
                   Raye --

                                   RAYE
                   No!  You don't get to call me that!
                   BEAT  Stay the hell away from me,
                   Saotome.  Don't talk to me, don't
                   look at me, and don't even think
                   that you ...

RAYE trails off as she notices a large shadow growing around them.  Both 
she and RANMA look up to see Ryo-oh-ki descending from the sky.  RYOUKO 
teleports a few feet above them.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Hello, you two.  How's tricks?

                                   RAYE
                   Ryouko?  What are *you* doing here?

                                  RYOUKO
                   Tenchi and Endymion asked me nicely
                   to come and pick you up from your
                   mission if you were done.  So here
                   I am.

                                   RAYE
                   SIGH Why'd they do that?

                                  RYOUKO
                   Little matter of your queen being
                   kidnapped.

RAYE stares up at RYOUKO with a shocked and horrified expression.

                                   RAYE
                   That's not fucking *funny*, Demon.

                                  RYOUKO
                   SHRUGS Fine, don't believe me.

                                   RAYE
                   You're *serious*?!

                                  RYOUKO
                   Yep.

                                   RAYE
                   HOW DID -- BEAT No.  Just get me
                   to Earth as fast as you can.

RYOUKO and RAYE exchange an EXTREMELY unfriendly glare.

                                  RYOUKO
                   All right ...

She lands, and holds out her hands for RAYE and RANMA to take.  A few 
seconds pass.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Come on, I can't teleport you two
                   without some sort of contact.

RAYE reluctantly takes RYOUKO's left hand, while RANMA (who seems even 
more reluctant) takes her right hand.  RYOUKO fixes him with a strange 
glare.

                                  RYOUKO
                   HEAVY SCORN You still haven't 
                   gotten over that yet?

                                   RANMA
                   Never mind my problems ...

RYOUKO shakes her head, and teleports.

Cut to the control center of Ryo-oh-ki, as RYOUKO, RANMA, and RAYE 
materialize.  Ryo-oh-ki lets out a friendly "Myah!" which instantly sets 
RANMA on edge.  RYOUKO sits down in her chair, and braces herself.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Okay, I think I may have tripped a
                   few Martian defense systems in my
                   way in, so we don't have time to
                   be gentle getting out.  Ryo-oh-ki,
                   anything coming our way?

One of the floating crystals (which is inconveniently located right over 
RANMA's shoulder) develops into a crystal version of RYO-OH-KI's "cabbit" 
face.

                                 RYO-OH-KI
                   NEGATIVE Myah.

This spooks RANMA.

                                  RYOUKO
                   So far, so good.  Anyway, both of
                   you should get down, 'cause I'm not
                   gonna spare the thrusters getting
                   us out of here.

RANMA immediately drops to the floor, and spreads out as much as 
possible.  RAYE does so as well, but less promptly.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Okay, let's take her up ...

                                 RYO-OH-KI
                   PANICKED Myah!

RYOUKO jerks her head up to look at one of the screens, a radar display 
which shows several "bogies" approaching Ryo-oh-ki's position.

                                  RYOUKO
                   SHIT!  Ryo-oh-ki, PUNCH IT!

From the outside, we see Ryo-oh-ki go from a full stop to about Mach 10 in 
the blink of an eye, easily evading the interceptor aircraft that have 
been sent after her.  We see SHAMPOO looking up at the retreating space 
craft from atop a hill.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   WHISPERED Bie liao, ai ren.

Inside Ryo-oh-ki, inertial dampers take care of much of the stress of 
acceleration, but everyone is pressed flat against the floor, even the 
floating crystals and RYOUKO's chair.  Finally, after a few seconds of 
this, the thrusters level off, just as Ryo-oh-ki arrives in Martian 
orbit.  RAYE picks herself up off the floor.

                                   RAYE
                   Ryouko, how soon can we get there?

                                  RYOUKO
                   All things being equal, two hours.

                                   RAYE
                   Can you make it any faster?

                                  RYOUKO
                   Not without alerting every listener
                   from the Solar Confederation on
                   Mercury to the Brethren of Saint 
                   Teilhard on Pluto that there's a 
                   transwarp-capable ship insystem, and
                   that the Jurains are up to something
                   they probably shouldn't be, no.

                                   RAYE
                   A yes or a no *would* have satisfied
                   me, you know.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Well, you rarely get satisfaction,
                   do you?

RAYE looks like she's about to spontaneously combust.  RYOUKO is amused.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Boy, no wonder you and Ayeka get
                   along so well ... you react *just*
                   the same ...

RAYE smiles wintrily.

                                   RAYE
                   Strange, I hear that you and Ayeka
                   get along *much* better than she
                   and I do ...

RYOUKO glares at her.

                                   RANMA
                   'Scuse me.

RYOUKO and RAYE turn to look at him.  He is still lying on the floor, and 
RYO-OH-KI is buzzing around his head inquisitively.

                                   RANMA
                   Could you get this thing to leave
                   me alone?

Cut to the Temple of Serenity, which resembles the Parthenon of Greece --
it is a large white building on a hill with lots of columns.  Currently
it is surrounded on all sides by several dozen Patrol Labors, a few tanks,
and an extensive fleet of hovercars.  Nearby is a huge tank-like mecha.
There is an air of barely held-in panic.

Cut to a corridor inside the temple.  KEI and YURI walk briskly down the 
corridor.

                                   YURI
                   What'd they say that this place was
                   again?

                                    KEI
                   Some temple of some weird religion.
                   They cleared it out last night, just
                   before they made the snatch.

                                   YURI
                   So are we gonna go through with this
                   thing?

                                    KEI
                   I dunno, Yuri, I really ... let's go
                   along with it until we get a clearer
                   idea of what's *really* going on
                   here.

                                   YURI
                   And then?

                                    KEI
                   We punt.

They arrive at a door, and open it.  Inside is FUJIKO, still holding onto 
her thermal detonator and standing beside SERENITY, who is seated in a 
chair, her hands in her lap.  The room is otherwise undecorated.

                                  FUJIKO
                   Well it's about time.  Where's the
                   Chief?

                                   YURI
                   You mean Mr. --

                                  FUJIKO
                   No names.

                                    KEI
                   I dunno, it was Sm-- uh, his aide
                   who had us transported over here.
                   BEAT  Lot of spectators, aren't
                   there?

                                  FUJIKO
                   Dammit, I want to get this thing
                   disarmed ...

YURI starts towards her.

                                   YURI
                   I know a bit about explosives, let
                   me --

FUJIKO steps back quickly.

                                  FUJIKO
                   No, thanks all the same, but I'd
                   really rather not be -- uh, I mean,
                   only the Chief can disarm it, it's
                   based on his fingerprints.

YURI isn't fooled for an instant, and her expression shows it.

                                   YURI
                   Ah.  That would make it difficult
                   to disarm, wouldn't it.

KEI is staring at SERENITY, who turns to gaze back at her unblinkingly.

                                    KEI
                   So you're Queen Serenity, huh?

SERENITY bows her head in acknowledgment.

                                    KEI
                   I'm Kei, she's Yuri.  We're 3WA
                   Trouble Consultant Team --

                                 SERENITY
                   The Lovely Angels.  BEAT  We are
                   aware of your reputation, although
                   we believed that you had lost your
                   lives some centuries ago.

                                    KEI
                   Well, rumors of our deaths were
                   greatly exaggerated.  BEAT Anyway,
                   we're going to escort you to your
                   trial.

                                 SERENITY
                   Our trial?

                                    KEI
                   Yeah, your trial.

                                 SERENITY
                   For crimes against humanity?

                                    KEI
                   Uh ...

                                 SERENITY
                   And where will this alleged trial
                   transpire?

                                    KEI
                   Well ...

                                  FUJIKO
                   Hey!  You don't need to know any of
                   that!  TO KEI  And you shouldn't
                   talk to the prisoner!

                                    KEI
                   Hey, I know my job, okay?

FUJIKO snorts and rolls her eyes.  KEI and YURI glower at her, and then 
stop quickly as they realize that SERENITY is watching everything that 
they do with a patient expression.

                                 SERENITY
                   Well, in any event, we are glad that
                   our captors are concerned with true
                   justice, and that they have provided
                   us with such very capable bodyguards
                   as yourselves.  SMILES

KEI and YURI stare at SERENITY for a moment.

                                    KEI
                   Yuri, may I have a word with you
                   outside?

                                   YURI
                   Sure.

They file out of the room, under FUJIKO's suspicious look.  Outside, KEI 
turns to look at YURI.  They both speak in a rushed tone of voice.

                                    KEI
                   She's not scared of us.

                                   YURI
                   Maybe she doesn't know who we are,
                   really.

                                    KEI
                   She knows.  She knows and it doesn't
                   faze her.

                                   YURI
                   Okay ... so she's nuts.  I mean,
                   that royal we thing that she's got
                   going, can you *get* any more
                   megalomaniac than that?

                                    KEI
                   She doesn't sound like a nutcase
                   megalomaniac and you know it.

                                   YURI
                   Okay, what does she sound like?

                                    KEI
                   I don't know what she sounds like,
                   but she sounds nothing like any of
                   the power freaks that we've ever
                   run up against.

                                   YURI
                   Then what is she?

                               CHIEF (O.S.)
                   Convinced of the rightness of her
                   position, of course, as are all
                   dictators of the human spirit.

KEI and YURI turn to see the CHIEF approaching, wearing white robes and a 
headband with a moon insignia.  For a moment, they are baffled by his 
apparel ... and then they start giggling.  The CHIEF is unamused.

                                   YURI
                   What (hee hee!) is with *that* (ho
                   ho ho!) get up, Deacon?

                                   CHIEF
                   As part of our seizure of the temple
                   earlier this morning, I was forced
                   to take on the guise of one of the
                   priests, and I have not had the
                   opportunity to change yet.

                                    KEI
                   AMUSED Whatever ... anyway, you'd
                   better defuse that circuit on the
                   thermal detonator that --

                                   CHIEF
                   What circuit?

KEI and YURI exchange a disgusted, *weary* glance.

                                   CHIEF
                   What are you talking about?

                                    KEI
                   It's not important ... anyway, when
                   do we smuggle Serenity out of here
                   to the moon shuttle, or whatever
                   you've got worked out to fly her to
                   the moon?

                                   CHIEF
                   SMILES We don't.

Cut to the huge tank-like mecha -- the Mobile Armored Command Center -- 
which has a set of stairs leading up to a door in the side (about where 
the second floor would be on a building).  SHEILA's car arrives some 
distance from the MACC, and she and PRISS step out and head for the 
stairs.  Midway up, PRISS turns to look around at the assembled labors, 
and sees something off to one side that gives her pause.

                                   PRISS
                   Huh ... hey!

SHEILA looks down.

                                  SHEILA
                   What?

PRISS gestures towards something offscreen.

                                   PRISS
                   What's that?

SHEILA looks where PRISS gesture.  We see a small, unremarkable looking 
building not too far from the temple, with a sign out in front advertising 
the "Museum of the Knight Sabres".

                                  SHEILA
                   Nobody told you about that?  I 
                   thought Raye might have ... it's 
                   really just a tourist trap. BEAT
                   I haven't been there in a while ...
                   they've got a few displays about
                   your more famous cases, like the
                   boomer uprising that led to an
                   attack on the MegaTokyo fusion plant
                   in --

                                   PRISS
                   The WHAT?

                                  SHEILA
                   SMILE Maybe we should have kept on
                   reading the journal instead of ...
                   um ...
 
PRISS gives SHEILA a suffering look.  SHEILA chuckles, and starts heading 
up the ladder again.  PRISS shakes her head in mixed annoyance and 
amusement, and heads after her.

Cut to the bridge of the MACC.  It is set up as a circle, with various 
crew stations around the circumference -- weapons control and steering 
face forward towards a large monitor screen -- and a large command chair 
in the center.  All stations are currently occupied by various uniformed 
men and women, but the command chair is unoccupied.  MERCURY (in fuku) and 
JUPITER (in street clothes) are considering the command chair.

                                  MERCURY
                   Let's review the situation again.

                                  JUPITER
                   SIGH Sure.

                                  MERCURY
                   On the one hand, I am temperamentally
                   unsuited for command.  I lack many 
                   of the aggressive personality traits
                   that you, Raye, and Mina possess --
                   or at the least, they are not as
                   obvious in my decision making
                   process as they would be in yours.

                                  JUPITER
                   Okay, granted.

                                  MERCURY
                   I would prefer to completely analyze
                   a situation, working up to the last
                   possible moment to achieve an
                   optimal strategy.

                                  JUPITER
                   Like now.

                                  MERCURY
                   NOD And this is a liability in a
                   crisis situation, just as much as an
                   overly aggressive personality would
                   be.

                                  JUPITER
                   I agree completely.

                                  MERCURY
                   On the other hand, I am the only
                   Sailor Soldier present, as you are
                   still suspended from active duty.
                   Therefore, I have the obligation to
                   take command, even though I believe
                   that my command will be disastrous.

                                  JUPITER
                   Disagree on several points. BEAT
                   Look, here's what you should do.
                   Take command just long enough to
                   bring me back to active status, and
                   then step down.  This is a totally
                   unprecedented situation, Amy!  None
                   of us have ever been on suspension
                   during a crisis!  I don't think the
                   normal rules should apply!

                                  MERCURY
                   Lita, I'm unwilling to ignore her
                   orders when I agree with them.  And
                   I have noticed a certain degree of
                   erratic behavior ... but doubtless
                   you think the same of me.

JUPITER is clutching her hair.  The next shot is taken up by a two-shot of 
MERCURY and JUPITER's heads and shoulders, not showing the command chair.

                                  JUPITER
                   No, Amy, I don't.  BEAT Look, we 
                   don't have time to dance around this
                   -- either take command --

                               VENUS (O.S.)
                   Hello?

                                  JUPITER
                   -- find some loophole in your ethics
                   to justify turning it over to me --

                               VENUS (O.S.)
                   What a nice chair!

                                  JUPITER
                   -- or -- or ...

JUPITER and MERCURY slowly turn to look at LADY VENUS, who is wearing 
casual clothes in her colors -- orange, yellow and blue -- and examining 
all the neat features of the command chair, like being able to put one's 
legs up.

                                   VENUS
                   Cooool.  Hi there!

                                  MERCURY
                   Mina.  BEAT  Mina, when did you
                   get here?

                                   VENUS
                   Oh, about an hour or so ago ... one
                   of my buddies in the Service got in
                   touch with me.  At first I was 
                   *really* cheesed off at having my
                   vacation interrupted, but I figured
                   I should come out here and give you
                   the benefit of my expertise in
                   handling hostage situations.  You
                   know what they say -- those who can,
                   do unto others as they'd have done
                   unto them, while those who can't,
                   teach to educate themselves.

VENUS abruptly causes the chair to begin a slow 360.  When she's out of 
sight, MERCURY and JUPITER exchange a look of raw panic, which they hide 
as she comes back into sight, smiling still.

                                   VENUS
                   That was fun, but can it get faster?

                                  MERCURY
                   Ah ... no, I don't think so.  BEAT
                   Mina, do you want to be in command
                   of this operation?

                                   VENUS
                   YIKES!  No way!  BEAT  But you
                   don't want to be either, Amy ... and
                   you're on suspension right now, Lita
                   (I'm sorry to hear that, by the by)
                   and since Raye is on Mars, and
                   Serenity is the person who's been
                   kidnapped, I'm the only one who's
                   qualified.  BEAT  Well, we could
                   ask Pluto, but does anyone know when
                   she is?

Suddenly inspired, VENUS stands up.

                                   VENUS
                   LOUD Can I please have your 
                   attention?

Everyone on the bridge turns to look at VENUS.

                                   VENUS
                   I have an important question for all
                   of you.  Does anyone present know
                   when Sailor Pluto is?

Heads are shaken, hands are spread, and there is a general consensus that 
the answer is no.

                                   VENUS
                   GLUM Daaaamn.  She's never around
                   when you think you need her, only 
                   when she thinks you need her.  And
                   the worst part is, she's usually
                   right.  TO JUPITER Isn't that
                   annoying of her?

JUPITER nods rapidly, clearly not trusting herself to speak.  VENUS slumps 
into the chair.

                                   VENUS
                   GLUM Well, I don't want the job,
                   but I'll take it since Amy doesn't
                   want it either.  ALL BUSINESS Our
                   first priority should be to open
                   communications with the kidnappers,
                   find out what they want, and delay
                   long enough to be able to move our
                   people into position to extract
                   Serenity without endangering her.
                   PLEADING Could somebody send out
                   for some doughnuts?

The door to the bridge slides open to admit SHEILA and PRISS.  JUPITER 
immediately tenses up and scowls.  VENUS, facing away from the door, 
blinks at this.

                                   VENUS
                   Would you prefer bagels?

                                  SHEILA
                   SURPRISED Mina!

VENUS whirls around, a big grin on her face.

                                   VENUS
                   Sheila-chan!

                                  SHEILA
                   When did you --

                                   VENUS
                   No, we've done that one already.
                   Ask me if I brought you anything.

                                  SHEILA
                   BEAT Did you bring me anything,
                   Aunt Mina?

VENUS' grin gets naughty.

                                   VENUS
                   Oh, yeah, I think you and a special
                   someone will get a lot of use out of
                   the --

                                  JUPITER
                   SNAP Mina!

VENUS looks back at JUPITER with a cross expression, then turns back to 
SHEILA.

                                   VENUS
                   On second thought, I'll tell you
                   about it when there are fewer
                   puritans about.  BEAT  Who's your
                   friend?

All eyes focus on PRISS, who has been observing this conversation silently 
with a confused expression.

                                  SHEILA
                   Um, this is Priscilla S. Asagiri, of
                   the Knight Sabres.  Priss, this is
                   Lady Venus.

                                   PRISS
                   WAVES Yo.

                                   VENUS
                   A-sa-gi-ri.  BEAT  Did you sing at
                   one point?

                                   PRISS
                   Uh ... yeah ...

                                   VENUS
                   Ah!  That's where I remember the
                   name from!  I never ... just a 
                   moment.

VENUS rifles through her clothing, producing a pen and a small pad of 
paper, and smiling triumphantly.

                                   VENUS
                   Can I have your autograph?

PRISS stares at VENUS for a long moment in disbelief, and then opens her 
mouth to tell her off.  But something in VENUS' expression -- perhaps the 
pleading look in her eyes -- stops her.  With a very strange look on her 
face, PRISS takes the pen and paper, and signs her name quickly.  VENUS 
looks at the paper for a moment after it's handed back to her ... and then 
places it in one of her pockets with a sad expression.  She quickly cheers 
up though, when she realizes that everyone is watching her.

                                   VENUS
                   So, what do you do now?

                                   PRISS
                   I ... I guess I'm a Palladin, now.

                                   VENUS
                   Oooookay.  Ummmm ... where are the
                   Palladins supposed to go, Amy?

                                  MERCURY
                   We're planning to address them in
                   the Strat-Com center, so perhaps you
                   two should head there.

                                  SHEILA
                   Right.  TO VENUS It's nice to see
                   you again, Aunt Mina!

                                   VENUS
                   You too!

PRISS, still giving VENUS an odd look, and SHEILA turn to go.  Just as 
they're at the door, VENUS starts talking again.

                                   VENUS
                   Remind me not to forget to give you
                   your you-know-what.  BEAT The two
                   of you will have a lot of fun with 
                   it!

PRISS and SHEILA stop dead in their tracks.  PRISS risks a look.  VENUS is 
smiling benevolently and waving the fingers of her hand, MERCURY is 
terribly embarrassed, and JUPITER resembles an embodiment of the wrath of 
God.

                                  SHEILA
                   SMALL VOICE Thank you Aunt Mina.

They head out the door.  MINA turns back to the front of the bridge.

                                   VENUS
                   Now, about those doughnuts ...

There is a sudden buzzing from one side of the bridge.  A blue-haired 
woman in a gray special forces uniform (Ryouga and Amy's daughter, 
hereafter referred to as LIEUTENANT RYOUKO) seated at one of the stations, 
examines her control panel.

                             LIEUTENANT RYOUKO
                   Lady Venus, we're receiving a
                   transmission from the temple.

                                   VENUS
                   I'm not gonna get any donuts, am I?
                   SIGH Okay, put it on screen.

The forward screen resolves into an image of a featureless room, with a 
man standing at the center.  His features are obscured by a distortion 
effect which leaves the rest of him -- specifically his pinstripe suit, 
worn by the CHIEF -- and the room clearly visible.

                              CHIEF (DISTORT)
                   Have I the honor of addressing one
                   of the Sailor Senshi?

                                   VENUS
                   Yep!

                              CHIEF (DISTORT)
                   Lady Venus, I think?  I have to
                   guess, after all, we can't see you.

                                   VENUS
                   Actually, we can't see you very
                   well either.  Do you suppose you
                   could turn off that distort field --

                              CHIEF (DISTORT)
                   LAUGHTER Oh, no, Lady Venus -- I'm
                   sure that it's you, no one else has
                   quite your sense of humour.

                                   VENUS
                   BLUSH Flatterer.

                                  JUPITER
                   WHISPERED ANGRILY Mina!

                                   VENUS
                   Ahem!  I take it that you represent
                   the organization that has taken Her
                   Majesty hostage?

                              CHIEF (DISTORT)
                   Correct.

                                   VENUS
                   And that you have done so to advance
                   or publicize a cause?

                              CHIEF (DISTORT)
                   Correct.

                                   VENUS
                   Very well, then.  BEAT  Which
                   cause?

                              CHIEF (DISTORT)
                   Liberty!  Equality!  Fr --

                                   VENUS
                   -- ee beer?  Well, that's a lot to
                   ask for ... just what does
                   kidnapping her Majesty have to do
                   with this?

                              CHIEF (DISTORT)
                   It is our intention to transport her
                   to the neutral lunar colony for a
                   trial for her terrible crimes
                   against hum --

VENUS presses a finger to her lips in a shushing gesture, and the audio of 
the transmission is cut.

                                   VENUS
                   "Neutral lunar colony"?  BEAT  The
                   last I heard was that the lunars had
                   pledged allegiance.

                                  MERCURY
                   Delusional.

                                   VENUS
                   No, really, I remember hearing about
                   it --

                                  MERCURY
                   CONTROLLED Not you, Mina, him.

                                  JUPITER
                   Just a typical deluded nutcase?

                                   VENUS
                   I've never met one of those ... 
                   bring up the volume.

                              CHIEF (DISTORT)
                   -- and in short, her failure to
                   bring the benefits of a free and
                   democratic society to --

YURI stumbles into the shot suddenly.

                                   YURI
                   Ooops ... uh, scuse me ...

                              CHIEF (DISTORT)
                   ... In any event, those are our
                   intentions, and any attack on us 
                   will result in the immediate
                   execution of our hostages.

                            YURI & VENUS (SIM)
                   HostagES?  As in more than one?

YURI and VENUS stare at each other for a brief moment.

                              CHIEF (DISTORT)
                   RAPID We will contact you with
                   further demands in an hour.

The screen goes blank rapidly.

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   They've cut the signal ... I've got
                   a pretty clear idea of where they
                   were transmitting from inside the
                   temple.  BEAT Was that ... really
                   ... her?  As in ...

                                   VENUS
                   SUBDUED Did you record?

LT. RYOUKO nods.

                                   VENUS
                   SUBDUED Run a match.

LT. RYOUKO bends over the computer for a few seconds ... then looks up 
with a sick expression.

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   99.999% match with the archive 
                   photos of her, Lady Venus.  That's
                   either her or a clone, and --

                                   VENUS
                   So ... our adversaries include the
                   legendary -- perhaps *infamous* is a
                   better word, though infamous on a
                   legendary scale -- troubleshooters 
                   known as ... the Dirty Pair.

The tension on the bridge is extremely high, as if everyone is expecting 
all hell to break loose after those fatal words are spoken.  Even JUPITER 
looks stunned by this revelation.

                                  MERCURY
                   QUICK We don't know that they're
                   both --

                                   VENUS
                   Of course we do.  Some things *are*
                   indestructible.  SUDDENLY HAPPY
                   And isn't that nice to consider?

VENUS suddenly stands up and claps her hands together.

                                   VENUS
                   Yeah!  Yeah, I think this is a good
                   thing for us!  I mean, so what if
                   the Dirty Pair never failed in their
                   mission objectives?  Well, except in
                   the last one, and it was ultimately
                   a success anyway ... but I mean ...
                   ADDRESSING MERCURY AND JUPITER
                   Think about it like this:  they're a
                   symbol, darnit!  A team that was
                   never broken up!  Just like us!  We
                   won't get broken up, either!  We
                   should draw inspiration from this! 
                   BEAT  Why don't we all take a 
                   little break and think about that 
                   for a while?  I think I'm going to 
                   go take a walk while I think ... can
                   I get anyone anything?

She turns around, looking for requests from the bridge crew, of which 
there are none.

                                   VENUS
                   Okay!  While you're thinking, if
                   someone could get in touch with Luna
                   and Artemis -- they're running
                   things for us on the moon, right?

MERCURY nods slowly.

                                   VENUS
                   -- get in touch with Luna and
                   Artemis, find out what might be
                   going on there ... oh, and see if
                   you can contact Raye, too, while
                   we're on the subject.  Well, I'm
                   off, back in a little bit!

VENUS strolls out the bridge doors, flashing the bridge a "V-for-Victory" 
as they close behind her.  There is dead silence on the bridge.

                                  MERCURY
                   Did she --

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   We have a teleportation reading just
                   outside the bridge, Ma'am.  BEAT
                   She --

                                  MERCURY
                   SIGH I know where she went, dear.
                   Believe me, I know.

Cut to the entrance of the memorial park.  VENUS appears in a shower of 
golden light, trembling and covering her face.  After a moment, she looks 
up at the statue of Sailor Saturn that guards the entrance.  She stands 
there for a short while.

                                   VENUS
                   It would be so ... easy.

We see her hand reaching towards the small plaque that decorates the 
statue -- on which we can see the following written.

                     "Ask not for whom the bell tolls,
                            It tolls for thee."

VENUS' hand is almost touching the plaque -- but at the last moment, she 
flinches away, bringing her hand back up to her collar.  She shakes her 
head.

                                   VENUS
                   *Too* easy.

With her free hand, she smacks the hand that was reaching, and smiles as 
the hand droops as though it is pouting.  She slowly walks into the 
memorial park.  VENUS passes the holographic memorial to Sailor Moon, 
looking up at it with something very akin to envy on her face as she walks 
past.  Finally, she comes to the end of her path, standing before a 
larger-than-life statue of a young man, dressed in a trenchcoat and 
trousers, his head bowed and shadowed in such a way that we cannot see his 
face.  VENUS sits down, facing away from the statue and blocking our view 
of a plaque attached to the base of the statue.

                                   VENUS
                   I miss you.  BEAT; SINGSONG I wish
                   you were he-ere.  BEAT  It really
                   would have been easy.  Kill 'em all,
                   let whoever sort it out.  Just ...
                   give it to someone else.  And we'd
                   be together.  BEAT  Right?  Am I
                   right?  BEAT  No.  Of course not.
                   A monster like you wouldn't want
                   anything to do with a monster like
                   me.  BEAT  I took a bullet to my
                   chest last week.  If my trauma
                   damper hadn't kicked in, I wouldn't
                   be talking to you -- hey wait a
                   minute!  BEAT  So I had to get my
                   heart fixed.  But you know what?  I
                   think I got ripped off.  Because it
                   still hurts.  I-i-i-ttt st-st-st--

VENUS clonks herself on the side of the head, making a dull thud.

                                   VENUS
                   MUTTER Gotta get that looked at.
                   BEAT How'm I gonna do this?  I
                   mean, we're dealing with the two
                   deadliest human beings -- well, we
                   don't count as human any more --
                   ever created by an intelligence
                   whose ultimate goals we still don't
                   understand.  BEAT  And they've got
                   her.  And since we only exist to
                   defend and protect her, they've got
                   *us* right where they want us.  Not
                   that I've ever done a very good job
                   of that ... have I?  BEAT  If I
                   could just --

VENUS suddenly stands up, with an excited expression on her face.  She 
turns to face the statue, which is still hidden from us.

                                   VENUS
                   Got it!  I get Artemis to send me
                   down a spare disguise pen, turn
                   myself into her, and go up to the
                   temple, saying "Hah-hah!  Stupid
                   kidnappers, you grabbed the wrong
                   Queen!"  They snatch me, let her go,
                   and then I have the whole fleet turn
                   the temple into so much glow-in-the-
                   dark clay!  BEAT  What do you mean
                   it wouldn't work?  BEAT Okay, so
                   they probably wouldn't let her go,
                   but I'd be in the *zone* to get her
                   out, right?  BEAT  Of course they
                   wouldn't stop me from blowing up the
                   temple around me.  What matters more
                   -- her safety or me?  BEAT  Well,
                   if they won't do it, then I'll tell
                   them what I did!  After that, they
                   should be glad to --

VENUS' face suddenly crumples.  Slowly, she lies down on the plaque, 
curled up in a fetal position.

                                   VENUS
                   SOFT They all know that I'm --
                   but they still expect me to be --
                   and I can't.  It would hurt too much
                   if I were -- BEAT BUT IT HURTS
                   ANYWAY!  HOW IS THAT FAIR?

VENUS picks herself up off the ground, dusts herself off, and looks up at 
the statue.

                                   VENUS
                   Anyway.  I gotta go.  Thanks for
                   listening.  You're really good at
                   that, but I wish you'd talk back a
                   little more.  BEAT  Be seeing you.

VENUS turns and walks away, at last allowing us a clear view of the 
inscription on the memorial.

                              AETHAN DEGALES
                                 529 - 545
                                 545 - 1996
                                1996 - 2034
       You walk a road that's thorny, through no fault of your own.
      But, as rain enters the earth, and the river flows to the sea,
             So, too, do tears fall to their predestined end.
                          Your suffering is over.
                              Find peace for
                                 Eternity

Cut to PRISS and SHEILA, walking through a corridor of the MACC, side by 
side.

                                   PRISS
                   So, in other words, she's nuts.

                                  SHEILA
                   WEARY No, she's not nuts.  She's a
                   little bit ... erratic, and she's
                   done some things that have caused
                   people to question her judgment.  But 
                   according to Aunt Amy, she's not
                   insane in the sense that she *is* 
                   responsible for her actions, even if
                   they are bizarre.

                                   PRISS
                   Y'know, your aunts are a real fun
                   bunch.

SHEILA stops abruptly and turns to glare at PRISS.

                                  SHEILA
                   They've been alive for nearly a
                   thousand years, and they've seen
                   things that would probably leave
                   ordinary people screaming as blood
                   flowed out their eyes.  As far as
                   I'm concerned, they've all earned as
                   much eccentricity as they want!

PRISS stares at SHEILA, a little startled at her vehemence.  SHEILA 
visibly calms down, and sighs.

                                  SHEILA
                   Priss, they're my *family*.

PRISS stares for a moment, nods, and starts walking.

                                   PRISS
                   And I'm not.

                                  SHEILA
                   I didn't *say* that.

                                   PRISS
                   You didn't have to.

SHEILA's fists clench at her side.

                                  SHEILA
                   Priss, if someone had asked you why
                   you were hanging around with a crazy
                   Shaolin stockbroker like Linna
                   Yamazaki, what would you have told
                   them?

PRISS halts, and speaks without looking back.

                                   PRISS
                   I would have told them to fuck off
                   and die.  Nobody slams my --

                                  SHEILA
                   -- family.

PRISS looks angrily over her shoulder at her.

                                   PRISS
                   SMOOTH -- *friends*.

                                  SHEILA
                   SIGH Okay.  And what if this
                   someone was someone that you cared
                   a lot about; that you thought you 
                   were in love with; that you might 
                   even want to spend the rest of your
                   life with?

They stare at each other for a moment, both with unreadable expressions on 
their faces.  PRISS turns away first, and continues walking down the hall.

                                   PRISS
                   NONCHALANT I'm gonna die alone,
                   anyway.

SHEILA reacts as though she's been slapped.  She watches PRISS head down 
the corridor for a second, then hurries to catch up to her.  They arrive 
at the STRATegic-COMmand Center, an area-like room with several rows of 
seats and a holoprojector in the center.  It is filled with somewhere 
between thirty and fifty people of tremendously varied dress and 
description -- the Palladins of Crystal Tokyo.  They are clustered in 
small groups, discussing various things.  In our first pass through the 
room, we catch sight of a red-haired woman in a slinky red dress enthusing 
about a lipstick that a rather androgynous younger dark-haired woman in a 
bizarre description-defying outfit is staring at with a disbelieving 
expression; a pair of swordsmen (blades peacebonded), one with flowing 
blonde hair and cleanshaven, the other with dark black hair and a full 
beard and mustache, talking placidly; and a tall, lanky man holding a 
hand-held hologram display that shows a humanoid cyclopean mecha, 
discussing it with a young woman with short brown hair, large glasses, and 
a green outfit under her white lab coat.  We see SHEILA react to seeing 
these two, and she heads down towards them, beckoning PRISS to follow 
her.  PRISS shrugs and follows.  The man (JOHNNY RAIDEN) looks up as they 
approach, and smiles.  He speaks in an odd Australian accent that has a 
vaguely German feel to it.

                                  JOHNNY
                   Hey, Sheila!  Got you out of the
                   stacks, did they?

                                  SHEILA
                   SMILE Somebody's got to write down
                   the specifics of whatever crazy
                   plans you guys come up with.

The young woman (RITSUKO URAWA) speaks in a gentle, patient, and very 
formal tone.

                                  RITSUKO
                   "Crazy plans" are hardly our stock-
                   in-trade, Ms. Tenkai.

                                  SHEILA
                   Hello to you too, Ritsuko.  Whatcha
                   got there?

                                  JOHNNY
                   An ever-so-slightly radical upgrade
                   proposal for our Zakus, to take full
                   advantage of the psychcommu.

SHEILA and RITSUKO stare at him.

                                  JOHNNY
                   Sorry, thought control system.  Old
                   habits die hard.

                                  RITSUKO
                   Essentially, the TC system allows 
                   the creation of an empathic overload
                   booster.  Affected systems would be
                   supercharged based on the pilot's 
                   emotional state -- a sufficiently 
                   angry pilot could easily increase 
                   his or her available motive power 
                   by over fifty percent.

                                  SHEILA
                   With just a standard interface?

                                  RITSUKO
                   No, and standard neural training
                   won't be enough either.  The actual
                   systems involved are fairly similar 
                   to psychic amplifiers, but not quite
                   as sophisticated.

RITSUKO notices that PRISS is following the conversation with an 
expression torn between interest and confusion.

                                  RITSUKO
                   But we're being rude.  Who's your
                   friend, Ms. Tenkai?

                                  SHEILA
                   Oh, sorry.  Priscilla Asagiri, this
                   is Dr. Ritsuko Urawa, Chief Mecha
                   Engineer of the First Fleet, and --

JOHNNY comes to his feet, and we realize that he's just over seven feet 
tall.

                                  JOHNNY
                   Leftenant Commander Johnny Raiden, 
                   Heroic and Suicidal Test Pilot.

He extends a hand in greeting.  PRISS, looking up at him, slowly takes it.

                                   PRISS
                   I'm gonna say something stupid and
                   obvious in a second.

                                  JOHNNY
                   Don't worry, most people do.

                                   PRISS
                   Boy, you're tall.

JOHNNY nods, grinning.  He pauses as something comes to him.

                                  JOHNNY
                   Half a minute.  Priss *Asagiri*?
                   You're --

                                   PRISS
                   Her great-great-great-great-and-
                   several-more-greats-grand-daughter,
                   namesake, and lookalike.

JOHNNY looks puzzled ... and then understanding dawns on his face, and he 
smiles broadly.

                                  JOHNNY
                   Riiiiight.

He sits again, and SHEILA and PRISS also sit down.

                                  SHEILA
                   So has the Second Fleet been called
                   home for this situation?

                                  JOHNNY
                   Nah, Yamato and m'boys are still
                   minding Venus to make sure they
                   don't get ideas.  But me and the
                   Doc got called in with the rest of
                   the Palladins, on a fast shuttle.

JOHNNY adjusts the hologram to erase the image of the mecha, replacing it 
with a detail of the Crystal Tokyo area from orbit.  (The fact that the 
city is clearly planned around a RIGHT-SIDE UP pentagram should be made 
clear.  Several lights with tags -- SKYLARK, DAUNTLESS, SMITH, KINNISON, 
DUQUESNE, among others -- appear on the display.

                                  JOHNNY
                   They've called in the Fifth Fleet
                   from the Outer Darkness Region, and
                   spread the Fourth out to cover --

                                  SHEILA
                   Wait a minute ...

She points at the light marked SMITH.

                                  SHEILA
                   Isn't that one of Psyche Company's
                   carriers?

JOHNNY nods once in silence.

                                  SHEILA
                   HUSHED They brought the Lensmen?
                   BEAT Whewwwwww ...

                                   PRISS
                   Uh, 'scuse?  Lensmen?  Wasn't that
                   a really bad movie made in 2012?

                                  SHEILA
                   WRY LOOK Don't remind me, please.
                   There is a connection, but ...
                   anyway, "Lensmen" is the nickname
                   of the 148th, 149th, and 150th
                   Mobile Suit Squadrons of the Royal
                   Space Force, unofficially known as
                   Psyche Company.  All the pilots
                   are magicians, psychics, or possess
                   other exotic talents.  SMILES AT
                   RITSUKO A while ago, someone came
                   up with a way to amplify talents
                   like that, using certain specially
                   designed crystals that look a lot
                   like huge lenses.  Inevitably, the
                   pilots were called Lensmen ...

                                   PRISS
                   So do the Senshi use these things?

RITSUKO shakes her head firmly.

                                  RITSUKO
                   The level of power that a Senshi 
                   possesses would easily overload the
                   largest amplifier we can build. 
                   BEAT  And as one's natural power 
                   increases, the amount of enhancement
                   that one can gain from artificial
                   sources decreases.  If we were able 
                   to construct an amplifier that would
                   measurably magnify Lady Mercury's
                   power, for example, it would be 
                   about the size of the moon and
                   improve her power by ... BEAT  I'm
                   sorry, I'm lecturing, aren't I?

PRISS shrugs, a small smile playing about her lips.

                                   PRISS
                   Yeah, but when you do, you sorta 
                   sound like someone I knew ... a long
                   time ago.

RITSUKO blinks, startled.

                                  RITSUKO
                   *I* sound like Dr. Stingray?  BEAT
                   Thank you very much, Ms. Asagiri,
                   that is a considerable compliment.

                                   PRISS
                   It is?

                                  RITSUKO
                   NODS In my opinion, her visionary
                   mecha designs are without equal.  
                   Even now, we don't understand all
                   the secrets of the hardsuits --

                             LT. RYOUKO (O.S.)
                   And couldn't use one even if we did.

Everyone looks in LT. RYOUKO's direction as we see her approach casually, 
still in her uniform.

                                  RITSUKO
                   That's hardly true any more, Sister.

LT. RYOUKO fixes PRISS with a faintly predatory look, which PRISS returns 
calmly.

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   Hmm.  You have a point, Ritsuko.
                   BEAT Hello, Johnny.  BEAT; TOSHEILA Hello, You.

SHEILA gives LT. RYOUKO a look of mixed amusement and disdain, but she is 
back to talking to PRISS.

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   Lieutenant Ryouko Mizuno, Battlesuit
                   Pilot Temporarily Drafted as Bridge
                   Crew.  Pleased to meet you.

                                   PRISS
                   Right.  BEAT  You're one of her
                   sisters?

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   *Half*-sisters.  Very different
                   fathers.

                                  RITSUKO
                   SOFT Not as different as you'd
                   like to believe, Sister.

RYOUKO glares at RITSUKO, who meets her look evenly.

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   I *believe* that I made it clear how
                   tired I was of this particular line
                   of conversation *quite* some time
                   ago.

SHEILA steps between them, none-too-subtly heading off a conflict.

                                  SHEILA
                   Ahem.  So anyways, Ryouko, what's
                   the word on the bridge?

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   "Panic."  BEAT We received a
                   message from the kidnappers just a
                   little while ago that has everyone
                   on the edge.

                                  SHEILA
                   What happened?

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   SHAKES HEAD Not yet.  Wouldn't do
                   anyone here any good to know it just
                   yet.  It'd just set us even further 
                   on edge than we already are ...

                                  JOHNNY
                   DISMISSIVE Aw, cut the crap,
                   Ryouko.  What's the worst that it
                   could be, the Dirty Pair?

Dead silence descends on the room, and everyone in the room is suddenly 
staring at JOHNNY.  Well, except for PRISS (who seems confused) and RYOUKO 
(who is rubbing her head as though she has a terrible headache).

                                  JOHNNY
                   It was a *joke*, people.  Get a
                   grip, already.

                                  SHEILA
                   PATIENT Yes, but Johnny ... it
                   wasn't FUNNY.

Cut to a harsh-featured man carrying a long, broad-edged spear, sitting 
some distance away, hunched as though he carries a heavy burden on his 
shoulders.  He looks upwards with a foul expression.

                                   USHIO
                   Well, *somebody* found it amusing.

Cut back to the group as conversation slowly begins again.  A beeping 
noise issues from RYOUKO's wrist.  She holds it up to her mouth.

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   Mizuno, go.

                                   VOICE
                   She's back, hurry.

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   I'm on my way.

She nods in farewell, and heads up the stairs to the exit at a run.

                                   PRISS
                   So ... what's a Dirty Pair?

We follow RYOUKO running through the corridor, until she reaches the main 
access passage leading to the outside of the MACC, through which VENUS is 
entering at a brisk pace.  RYOUKO slows, but continues to run in place.

                                   VENUS
                   Ah, hello, Ryouko-chan ... or should
                   I call you Lieutenant Mizuno, now?

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   As you wish, Lady Venus.

                                   VENUS
                   All right.  BEAT Keeping in shape,
                   are we?

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   Yes, Lady Venus.

                                   VENUS
                   I think I'll join you.

She begins running in place too.

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   An excellent idea, Lady Venus.

RYOUKO starts running up the corridor to the bridge.  VENUS stays running 
in place for a few moments.

                                   VENUS
                   I wonder if this is a race ...

She nods once, and then takes off at a dash.  We see her running from her 
POV, swiftly catching up to LT. RYOUKO, passing her, and arriving at the 
bridge smiling sunnily.

                                   VENUS
                   Hello!

MERCURY is running calculations on one of the terminals, while JUPITER 
leans against the wall with an expression with elements of rage, guilt, 
and extreme annoyance on her face.  MERCURY speaks without looking up.

                                  MERCURY
                   Welcome back, Mina.  Did you enjoy
                   your walk?

VENUS heads for the command chair.

                                   VENUS
                   Yes.  Yes I did.  I think that I've
                   got a better idea of how to handle
                   this situation now.

                                  JUPITER
                   Good.

VENUS begins to sit down in the command chair.

                                RAYE (O.S.)
                   Yes, Mina, that's very good.  I'd
                   like to hear about your ideas, but
                   don't even think about sitting in
                   my chair.

VENUS looks upwards, mouths "Thank you", and turns to look at RAYE, who is 
standing at the entrance, followed by RANMA and RYOUKO.  MERCURY turns 
around.

                                   VENUS
                   Raye!  I'm so glad --

                                   RAYE
                   Yes, I am too.

She takes her seat in the center, which VENUS quickly vacates.

                                   RAYE
                   All right, I want a full situational
                   report, STAT.  What are we up
                   against this time?

                                  JUPITER
                   A bunch of terrorists, backed up by
                   the --

                                   RAYE
                   Lita, why are you out of uniform?

                                  JUPITER
                   DEEP BREATH I'm on suspension.
                   Go ahead; ask me why.  I've got an
                   answer ready.

RAYE's mouth quirks up in a half-smile.

                           RAYE & JUPITER (sim)
                   None of your business.

                                   RAYE
                   Right.  Backed up by ...?

                                  JUPITER
                   The Lovely Angels.

                                   RAYE
                   STARES You're making a try at a
                   joke, right?

                                  JUPITER
                   No.  The kidnappers sent a video
                   transmission out, and a young woman
                   with bluish-black hair stumbled into
                   the shot.  She's an exact physical
                   match for ... what's her name again?

                                   VENUS
                   Yuri.  She's the cool one. BEAT  I
                   got her autograph, once ...

LT. RYOUKO finally arrives at the bridge at this point, with a frustrated 
and embarrassed expression on her face.  Before going to her station, she 
does a double take as she passes RANMA, and stares at him in a very 
hostile manner for a moment.

                                   RAYE
                   Amy, could it have been a clone?

                                  MERCURY
                   Anything's possible, but I've been
                   reviewing the footage ... and her
                   behavior is an almost exact match
                   for virtually all the documentation
                   we have on her -- slightly ditzy,
                   but at the same time very capable.
                   And since braintaping in the United
                   Galactica period was only in its
                   infancy, and it's believed that all
                   possible backups of Kei and Yuri
                   were destroyed with the Central
                   Computer ... a very good actor could
                   have pulled a performance like that
                   off, but considering the physical
                   match, I really do think she was the
                   genuine article, Raye.

                                   RAYE
                   Great.  BEAT Other than Serenity,
                   are they holding any other hostages?
                   Temple personnel, maybe?

                                  JUPITER
                   We interviewed everyone who fled
                   when the temple was taken over early
                   this morning.  About ten of the
                   senior members of the Cult are
                   unaccounted for, including the Arch
                   Deacon.

                                   RAYE
                   Have we done a scan for lifesigns?

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   Repeatedly, with no effect.  There's
                   some sort of jamming ... but it only
                   affects bioscanners.

                                   RAYE
                   Damn.  Okay, what about --

                                  RYOUKO
                   Hold it ... this sounds familiar.

RAYE turns to look at RYOUKO, who is walking over to the scanner console 
at which Lieutenant Ryouko is sitting.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Do you get a "too many lifesigns" 
                   message?

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   Uh ... yes.

                                  RYOUKO
                   NODS Okay, what you wanna do is
                   configure it to ignore any life
                   signs of human beings.

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   Excuse me?

                                  RYOUKO
                   Homo sapiens, dominant species on 
                   Earth?

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   But --

                                  RYOUKO
                   Just do it.

LT. RYOUKO adjusts the scanner, clearly not understanding what RYOUKO is 
aiming at.  She starts another scan.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Interrupt it.  Now!

The scan is interrupted.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Okay, now configure it to ignore
                   all the life signs that you just
                   got, but find human lifesigns.

Seven human lifesigns are indicated on the screen, one of which, flagged, 
is definitely SERENITY's lifesign.

                                   RAYE
                   How?

                                  RYOUKO
                   There's a certain species of plant
                   life growing on a planet around
                   what you call Barnard's Star that
                   possesses a more complicated
                   biological signature than you'd
                   expect from a non-sentient, such
                   that it shows up on any bioscan for
                   "higher lifeforms".  The problem is,
                   there's more variance in a bioscan
                   of two members of a typical sentient
                   species than there is between two
                   members of this shrub ... heck, more
                   variance between an individual and
                   a clone.  Anyway, this trick's been
                   used by space pirates to confuse 
                   scanners for about a thousand years.
                   One famous space pirate worked alone
                   in an oversized ship with a bunch of
                   this stuff, to make the marks think 
                   the ship had a huge crew.

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   Who was this?

                                  RYOUKO
                   Me.

                                   RAYE
                   Excellent job, Ryouko.

RYOUKO and LT. RYOUKO speak simultaneously.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Woo, a compliment!

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   Thank you, Lady Mars.

There is a short pause.

                                   RAYE
                   I was, in fact, speaking to the
                   Lieutenant.  BEAT  But Ryouko,
                   you are ... useful to have around.

RYOUKO looks down at LT. RYOUKO, who meets her gaze steadily.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Your name's Ryouko, huh?

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   Lieutenant Mizuno Ryouko.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Mizuno, huh?  LOOKS AT MERCURY
                   Your mom has *great* taste in names,
                   then ...

MERCURY holds her head as though she has suddenly developed a migraine 
headache.

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   VERY COOL Yes, I was named after 
                   my father.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Oh.

                                   RAYE
                   Ahem.  Lieutenant, run a comparison
                   of each of those "prints" against 
                   our files, see what you can come up
                   with.

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   Aye.

A few seconds later, one of the other patterns has been identified as 
belonging to "FUJIKO".

                                  JUPITER
                   She's *mine*.

                                   VENUS
                   Aren't you on suspension?

                                  JUPITER
                   GLARES AT VENUS As soon as I'm 
                   *off* suspension, she's mine.

                                   VENUS
                   Okay.

                                   RAYE
                   None of the others match anyone in
                   the files?

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   Negative.  Could be hostages, or
                   could be other kidnappers.

                                   RAYE
                   Alright.  I want every bit of data 
                   we have on the Temple -- blueprints,
                   especially -- packaged up to give a 
                   briefing to the Palladins in ten 
                   minutes.

                                BRIDGE CREW
                   Aye!

They spring into action.  RANMA takes advantage of the distraction to 
approach LADY MERCURY.

                                   RANMA
                   'Scuse me.

                                  MERCURY
                   Yes, Mr. Saotome?

                                   RANMA
                   I need to talk to you about
                   something.

Cut to outside the MACC.  PRISS is sitting on the steps leading to the 
main access, alternately watching the Patrol Labors guard the perimeter of 
the Temple and staring at the Knight Sabres Museum in the distance.  
Finally, she nods, stands up, and starts down the stairs.  As she reaches 
the bottom, she notices that NOA is standing nearby, looking up at her 
Labor (SHINJI), which is standing at ease in the shadow of the MACC.  
PRISS waves at her, and NOA returns the wave, just as SHINJI's chestplate 
opens up, revealing CATTY at the controls.  PRISS looks up at the Labor 
with distrust written all over her face, and continues walking.  CATTY 
drops down from the cockpit, and looks up at the head of the Labor with a 
concerned expression.

                                   CATTY
                   You were right ... his emotional
                   and psychological development *has*
                   stabilized at the level of an early
                   adolescent -- roughly 13 to 15 years
                   of age.

                                    NOA
                   And that's definitely not normal.

                                   CATTY
                   SIGH Psychology's not an exact
                   science, AI Psychology even less so.
                   It's definitely not *typical*, but
                   it's no more abnormal than an AI
                   that catapulted herself into early
                   senility within a few seconds of her
                   awakening, or the gender confused
                   AI I dealt with a few years ago.
                   BEAT Most new sentiences "prefer"
                   to advance to the same level of
                   maturity exhibited by the other
                   entities that they come into contact
                   with -- and since Shinji's contacts
                   have been more or less limited to
                   yourself and ...

                                    NOA
                   HEAVY SARCASM His "daddy".

                                   CATTY
                   WRY GRIN -- along with a few of
                   your associates -- and I compliment
                   you on letting Mr. Yamazaki pay a
                   visit, he seems to have made a much
                   better "father" figure than the one
                   which he was "born" to.  In any
                   case, based on his contacts, he
                   *should* have developed to a mature
                   persona, roughly 25 to 30.  But he
                   hasn't.  And he probably won't for
                   several years.

                                    NOA
                   When is he going to start "talking"?

                                   CATTY
                   I've made the connection between his
                   neural net and the loudspeaker, and
                   uploaded the sounds database -- so
                   he has the capability, he just has 
                   to teach himself to use it.  I had
                   him shut off his audio pickup so he
                   could do it in peace.  It *will*
                   probably be baby-talk the first few
                   times that he tries --

                                    NOA
                   But that's normal.  Did you talk in
                   baby talk when you were awakened?

A few yards away, PRISS halts in midstep.

                                   CATTY
                   Ahhhh ...

                                    NOA
                   I mean, I know that you're unique
                   in that respect, but ... uh, is
                   something wrong?

CATTY has covered her eyes with her right hand.

                                   CATTY
                   No.  No, no.  Yes, but ... it's not
                   your fault, Chief Izumi.

NOA looks over her shoulder to see PRISS staring in their direction with 
an extremely wrathful expression.

                                    NOA
                   Oh!  BEAT  Ohhhh.  BEAT  Uh ...
                   would you like police protection?

                                   CATTY
                   No, thank you.  I believe that I can
                   handle the situation without too
                   much difficulty.

NOA nods, and warily looking in PRISS direction once more, heads over to 
SHINJI, and clambers up inside the cockpit.  CATTY walks slowly but 
deliberately towards PRISS.  When she is within arms reach, she speaks.

                                   CATTY
                   CALM Is there something that you'd
                   like to say?

                                   PRISS
                   FURIOUS You're a boomer.

                                   CATTY
                   I prefer the term cyberdroid.

                                   PRISS
                   You're a fucking *boomer*.

                                   CATTY
                   In fact, I *am* capable of a wide
                   variety of sexual acts, which is not
                   surprising, considering that one of
                   the models that my design is based
                   upon is the Bu-33s.

                                   PRISS
                   STARTLED Sexaroid?

                                   CATTY
                   Yes.  Which means, I suppose that
                   you will view me as "human in every
                   way that counts".  BEAT  Even
                   though I have no desire to be human,
                   any more than your friend --

                                   PRISS
                   The hell she didn't!  Sylvie *did*
                   want to be human!  She said --

                                   CATTY
                   "I wanted to be free.  Like you."

                                   PRISS
                   STUNNED How did --

                                   CATTY
                   First words of the song "I Want to
                   Be Free", written and performed by
                   Priss Asagiri, 2035, liner notes
                   "Dedicated to Sylvie and Anri."
                   BEAT  She wanted to be free of
                   the prejudice and bigotry that the
                   human race felt, and I am often
                   distressed but rarely surprised to
                   find, still feels towards us.
                   Cyberdroids.  BEAT  Boomers.

Angrily, CATTY walks away towards SHINJI, but pauses to look back over her
shoulder at PRISS.

                                   CATTY
                   It seems that the writer of that
                   song is dead.  A pity.  She was a
                   remarkable being ... for a human.

CATTY approaches SHINJI, now looking more hurt than angry.  SHINJI's voice 
is that of a boy just on the edge of adolescence -- it cracks a lot.

                                  SHINJI
                   Is something wrong, Catty-oneesama?

CATTY looks up at the Labor's "head", startled and amazed.  Slowly, a 
smile spreads across her features.

                                   CATTY
                   No.  No, everything's all right.

SHINJI's chest opens up, and NOA is revealed, smiling broadly.

                                    NOA
                   He's a smart kid, isn't he?

                                   CATTY
                   NOD Yes.  He is indeed.

PRISS stares in their direction for a moment, then visibly "gives up" and 
turns to walk towards the Museum of the Knight Sabres again ... just as a 
beeping noise issues from her hip carried cellular.  PRISS snatches it up, 
and flips it open.

                                   PRISS
                   Yeah.

                                  SHEILA
                   Priss, you'd better get back here,
                   there's going to be a briefing in a
                   few minutes.

                                   PRISS
                   Great.

She shuts down the cellular, and heads back to the stairs.  There's a 
faint rumble of thunder, and the first drops of rain begin to fall.

Cut to the inside of the entrance of the MACC.  PRISS comes in out of the 
rain, and shakes out her hair, just as RAYE comes down the corridor.

                                   RAYE
                   Priss!

                                   PRISS
                   Hey.  What happened to you?

                                   RAYE
                   What do you mean?

                                   PRISS
                   I called you last night and --

                                   RAYE
                   You didn't get the message I sent to
                   you yesterday morning?

                                   PRISS
                   No ...

                                   RAYE
                   ANNOYED AT SELF And I forgot to
                   change my answering machine, too ...
                   damn.  BEAT  I had to go to Mars
                   on business yesterday ... I just got
                   back a little while ago.

                                   PRISS
                   You *went* to Mars?  ODD SMILE I
                   thought that you *were* --

                                   RAYE
                   Ahem.  Heard it.  A few times.
                   BEAT  So what happened?

                                   PRISS
                   Took care of the thing with the
                   labors.  And then I finally got
                   'round to reading Sylia's journal.

                                   RAYE
                   Okay.  Did it bring back anything?

                                   PRISS
                   Nope.  BEAT  Not exactly.  BEAT
                   I found out a couple things ...
                   Anyway ... uh ... something did
                   happen that --

                                   RAYE
                   Sheila.

                                   PRISS
                   BLINKS Have you been reading my
                   mind or something?

                                   RAYE
                   I can't do that except under certain
                   conditions, so no.  BEAT  Mina has
                   a big mouth, and she told me about
                   Sheila's "cute new girlfriend" when
                   she thought Lita wasn't listening.

                                   PRISS
                   GAG "Cute new girlfriend"?

                                   RAYE
                   She has a slightly romantic view of
                   some things. BEAT Priss, it's okay
                   with me.  I'm happy for you.

They start to walk down the corridor at a slow pace.

                                   PRISS
                   Unfortunately, it'll be over in a
                   week.

                                   RAYE
                   Oh come on!

                                   PRISS
                   It won't work ... she's too -- And
                   I'm too -- GESTURES WEARILY

                                   RAYE
                   Give it a chance!  BEAT  And give
                   *yourself* a chance!  "We were born
                   to be happy", remember?  Even if you
                   did choose to enter coldsleep as a
                   way of escaping from the world, we
                   all want this to be a happy ending
                   for you.

                                   PRISS
                   Even Jupiter?

RAYE looks away, upset.

                                   PRISS
                   And you still think that I've got a
                   chance with Sheila?

                                   RAYE
                   Priss, I'm absolutely the last one
                   to be saying that "True love can
                   stand against any force," because I
                   know that's not true.  BEAT  But I
                   believe that love can survive in the
                   face of overwhelming odds. BEAT
                   And I thought you never gave up.

                                   PRISS
                   QUIRKY SMILE Only when I think I
                   don't have anything left to fight
                   for.

                                   RAYE
                   SOLEMN Love is always worth it,
                   Priss.  BEAT  It's why I keep on
                   going.  Some days, it's the only
                   reason I have.

                                   PRISS
                   TEASING For the look in Her
                   Majesty's eye?

                                   RAYE
                   ANNOYED Kami-sama, is it that 
                   obvious?

                                   PRISS
                   SNORT Only to folks who *aren't*
                   looking at you when you talk about 
                   her.

                                   RAYE
                   Marvelous ...

                                   PRISS
                   So this is rough on you?

                                   RAYE
                   NODS I can't remember the last
                   time I was so ... scared.  BEAT
                   At least I'm not the only one --

                                   PRISS
                   STARTLED Scared?  I'd have
                   thought you'd be angry, or --

                                   RAYE
                   Oh, I am.  I want to tear the
                   miserable wretches who've done this
                   to pieces ... but I'm more afraid
                   of what might happen to her if I
                   *fail* ... if I lose her again, I --
                   BEAT I don't know what I'll do.

                                   PRISS
                   WHISPERED It must be nice ...

                                   RAYE
                   Hm?

                                   PRISS
                   It must be nice ... to be able to
                   admit when you're scared.

RAYE smiles sadly.

                                   RAYE
                   Yeah.  BEAT  Anyway ...

She motions her head towards a door marked SHOWER.

                                   RAYE
                   I've got to grab a quick shower 
                   before I give this briefing.  I'll
                   see you there.

RAYE ducks into the room.  PRISS turns to go, then pauses.

                                   PRISS
                   "Again"?

And then slowly, a look of utter and complete shock spreads across her 
face as she understands.

                                   PRISS
                   No.  No way ...

PRISS turns and heads back down the corridor, the way that she came.  She 
darts out the exit, just as RANMA steps around the corner, in time to see 
her leave.  He pauses.

                                   RANMA
                   Now where've I seen ...

Sudden recognition in his features, RANMA darts to the door ... then 
pauses as he realizes that the rain has begun to pour.  He stares up with 
a greatly put-upon expression.

                                   RANMA
                   Typical ...

RANMA heads out the door into the rain.

Cut to RAYE stepping out of the shower with a towel wrapped around her.  A 
beeping noise comes from the ceiling.

                                   RAYE
                   Yes.

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   I've got Luna and Artemis on the
                   line, sir.  Should I put them
                   through or --

                                   RAYE
                   Yes, connect them here.

She starts to brush her hair, as LUNA and ARTEMIS appear on a screen in 
the bathroom.

                                   RAYE
                   Luna.  Artemis.  What've you got for
                   us?

                                   LUNA
                   We've been investigating.  Mars, if
                   ANYONE up here is expecting to take
                   custody of Serenity, they're playing
                   it very close to their chests ... so
                   close that our network hasn't been
                   able to get ANYTHING.

                                  ARTEMIS
                   And that's as damn well close to
                   impossible as you can get.  I don't
                   think you can let a pin drop on the
                   Moon without one of us finding out
                   about it.

                                   LUNA
                   Flatterer.

                                  ARTEMIS
                   ANNOYED I meant "one of the *two* 
                   of us". 

                                   RAYE
                   She knows that, Artemis, she's just
                   teasing you.

                                   LUNA
                   HURT Do *I* spoil *your* jokes on
                   Serenity or Endymion?

                                   RAYE
                   Sorry, Luna.  I'm a little ...

                                   LUNA
                   SOFT We know.  So are we.

                                  ARTEMIS
                   Do you have a plan yet?

                                   RAYE
                   A few ideas, and I'm hoping that the
                   Palladins will come up with a few
                   more.  No strategy, yet.

                                  ARTEMIS
                   Right.  BEAT Oh, Admiral Tailor
                   wanted us to let whoever was in
                   charge know that the Mihoshi is 
                   almost finished its repairs.

                                   RAYE
                   That's nice.  BEAT  Is he telling
                   the truth?

                                   LUNA
                   According to our information, she
                   still has a few more days to peak
                   function.  She could go out, but ...

                                   RAYE
                   Right.  Have Justy on standby for a
                   signal from me.  Ideally ... but if
                   this were an ideal universe, this
                   wouldn't be happening, would it?

                                   LUNA
                   CONCERNED Are you alright?

                                   RAYE
                   I'll be fine.  BEAT  I have to be
                   fine.  BEAT  Artemis ... Mina's
                   here.  Do you want to talk to her?

ARTEMIS looks very upset -- more hurt and ashamed than angry.

                                  ARTEMIS
                   SOFT No.  BEAT No, Mars ... I
                   don't think ... talking didn't make
                   a difference before ... why should
                   it now?

                                   RAYE
                   Artemis, what she's done to herself
                   isn't your fault.

                                  ARTEMIS
                   Yes it is ... I should have been
                   there to tell her not to take those
                   damn implants when I had the chance,
                   and now --

                                   RAYE
                   So she would have died?  BEAT  I
                   don't like her cybernetics either,
                   but when she started, she didn't
                   have a choice.  BEAT I think that
                   you should talk to her, Artemis.

ARTEMIS shakes his head in silence.  RAYE sighs.

                                   RAYE
                   Whatever, Artemis.  Stay where we
                   can reach you two, okay?

                           LUNA & ARTEMIS (sim)
                   Right.

The screen goes blank, and RAYE shakes her head wordlessly.

Cut to a desk in an office that overlooks a huge drydock in which a 
starship that bears a vague resemblance to a combination of an Imperial 
Star Destroyer and a Rebel Blockade Runner is undergoing repairs.  LUNA 
and ARTEMIS are standing on the desk, looking up at a blank screen.  LUNA 
turns to ARTEMIS.

                                   LUNA
                   You *should* have talked to her.
                   It's not your fault, love.

LUNA hops of the desk and drops to the ground in 1/6th gravity, and walks 
away on landing.

                                  ARTEMIS
                   WHISPERED Yes it is.  More than
                   you would understand, and in ways
                   that you can never know ... it is.

Cut back to the bathroom.  RAYE has dressed in her Senshi uniform.  She 
briefly frowns, and it shifts into a set of fatigues ... then shakes her 
head, going back to the modified fuku.  She picks up something, and lowers 
her head to take off her eyepatch, holding her hand to her face as she 
does.  A beeping ensues.

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   Sir, we're receiving a transmission
                   from the Palace ... it's the Prince.

RAYE lifts her head.  She has inserted a very natural looking cybereye 
into her eye socket.

                                   RAYE
                   Onscreen.

ENDYMION appears.

                                 ENDYMION
                   Raye.  Ryouko let Tenchi know that
                   you were back, so I thought I'd
                   check on you.

                                   RAYE
                   WEARY SMILE Well, I could have
                   picked a better chauffeur, but ...
                   thank you.

                                 ENDYMION
                   I knew that you'd want to be here
                   to handle this job.

RAYE nods.  A long awkward pause ensues.

                                 ENDYMION
                   Bring her back.

                                   RAYE
                   I always have.

                                 ENDYMION
                   Yes.  However ... uh, I also have
                   some instructions from her, that I
                   was supposed to give you if this
                   ever happened.  BEAT  She said
                   that if you come up with a plan to
                   get her out of a situation that
                   will certainly succeed, but will
                   probably cost you your life ...
                   you're supposed to find another
                   plan.

                                   RAYE
                   What?!

                                 ENDYMION
                   She knows that you wouldn't risk a
                   plan that would probably lose anyone
                   *else's* life, so --

                                   RAYE
                   Dammit!

                                 ENDYMION
                   Raye, she loves you ... and she
                   wants to be able to come back to
                   both of us.

RAYE holds a hand over her artificial eye for a moment, muttering ... the 
word "baka" is often heard.  She finally runs her hand through her hair, 
and looks up.

                                   RAYE
                   All right.  I ... I won't.

                                 ENDYMION
                   Good.  BEAT  Take care of things.

The screen goes blank, and RAYE sighs exasperatedly once more, before 
heading out of the shower room.  In the corridor, she meets VENUS, heading 
down the way that she had been heading earlier.

                                   VENUS
                   Hi.  EXCITED  Hey, I was wondering
                   about that!

RAYE gestures to her eye.

                                   RAYE
                   This?  BEAT  I got a few upgrades.

                                   VENUS
                   Peaches!  We'll have to compare in
                   a bit.

                                   RAYE
                   Yeah.  *After* we get Serenity back.

VENUS' smile flickers a bit.

                                   VENUS
                   Right.

Cut to the Strat-Com center, which is even more tightly packed than it was 
earlier.  SHEILA, JOHNNY, RITSUKO and LT. RYOUKO are sitting in a small 
cluster at the lower level of the chamber.  SHEILA keeps looking over her 
shoulder at the entrance.  RYOUKO is hovering with her legs crossed up at 
the top row, watching the proceedings with vague interest.  Just then, the 
Senshi -- MARS, MERCURY, and VENUS -- enter through the doors at the top, 
and walk down the aisles to stand in the center of the chamber.  JUPITER 
enters a few seconds later, and closes the door behind her, remaining on 
the uppermost level after she does so.  All conversation in the room has 
been stilled by the arrival of the Senshi.  RAYE takes a deep breath -- 
then notices that there's an empty seat beside SHEILA.  She gives SHEILA 
an inquisitive look, to which SHEILA gestures helplessly in response.  
RAYE looks up at the doors ... and sees that JUPITER has a faint, angry 
smile on her face.  The doors have been locked.

                                   RAYE
                   SIGHS We'll start now.

Cut to the inside of a darkened building.  Suddenly, lights come on.  The 
camera's POV is looking at a large chamber, and a young male GUIDE dashes 
past the camera's POV to stand in front of it. 

                                   GUIDE
                   Actually, we're supposed to be shut
                   down right now, because of the, uh,
                   *crisis*, if you'll pardon the joke,
                   that's going on right now, but, I
                   mean, since it's *you* ... DEEP
                   BREATH I'll skip the usual spiel on
                   how and why the Knight Sabres were
                   founded, and get right to the
                   exhibits.

The GUIDE walks into the chamber, and the camera's POV follows, jumping as 
though it were walking.  The guide pauses at the first exhibit -- what 
looks like a shrine to Nene Romanova.  The centerpiece is a large, blown 
up photograph of Nene in her ADP dress uniform, smiling broadly, looking a 
few years older than she did in the series.

                                   GUIDE
                   These are some of the handful of
                   surviving photographs of Nene ...
                   many of these were preserved only
                   because of her association with
                   the Senshi, as one of their main
                   agents in MegaTokyo ... like this
                   one, for example.

The GUIDE points at a photograph of Nene dressed in a strange and arcane 
costume including a skirt that is slit high up on both hips.  She is
standing beside JUPITER -- who towers over her and looks down at her with
a confused yet smiling expression.  NENE is trying, unsuccessfully, to put
rabbit ears on JUPITER, but can't quite reach.

                               PRISS (O.S.)
                   So ... Jupiter was close to her?

                                   GUIDE
                   Oh yes.  Lady Jupiter was Ms.
                   Romanova's primary contact among the
                   Senshi.

PRISS nods.

                                   PRISS
                   Thought so.

Cut to the STRATCOM chamber.  The large hologram projector in the center 
of the room is displaying an image of the Temple.  RAYE slowly circles the 
center of the room as she speaks.

                                   RAYE
                   As you are all aware ... Neo-Queen
                   Serenity has been kidnapped -- or it
                   seems somewhat more accurate to view
                   her as taken hostage -- by forces 
                   that have taken control of the
                   headquarters of this fringe religion
                   as a base.  BEAT  Our objective is
                   simple.  Get her safely out of there
                   with a bare minimum of loss of life
                   and property damage.  BEAT
                   Unfortunately, both parts of that
                   goal are hindered by two of these
                   terrorists' suspected allies.

LADY MERCURY makes an adjustment to the hologram projector, such that it 
turns to file photos of KEI and YURI.  Gasps of sheer horror are heard 
throughout the room.  JOHNNY turns a shocked gaze on LT. RYOUKO.

                                  JOHNNY
                   You bleeding liar.

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   I didn't lie.  I just didn't admit
                   that you were right.

                                  JOHNNY
                   What's the bleeding difference?!

                                   RAYE
                   AHEM.

The panicked whispering slowly dies down.

                                   RAYE
                   These two need no introduction, it
                   seems.  BEAT  Their presence means
                   that we have to step carefully, but
                   that would be true no matter what
                   the opposition had in their hand.
                   The Lovely Angels *can* be defeated.
                   They *were* defeated in their final
                   mission, no matter how historians go
                   on about how their loss finally got
                   the Planet Pirates broken up once
                   and for all.  THEY -- WERE -- BEATEN
                   -- by an force of a few dozen scum
                   of the galaxy equipped with some
                   ultratech.  BEAT  We're better
                   than that, Ladies and Gentlemen.
                   This isn't going to be a repeat of a
                   Dirty Pair casefile.  They're going
                   down.

Cut to the inside of a hallway in the Temple.  KEI and YURI march on 
either side of SERENITY, their blasters out and ready.

                                    KEI
                   We're moving *up* in the world,
                   Yuri.  No more more dangerous under-
                   cover assignments for you and me, no
                   sir.  Now we march people around.
                   From room to room!  From floor to
                   floor!  Yes, even up to the topmost
                   level of the Temple of Whoever The
                   Heck These Weirdos Worship!

                                 SERENITY
                   I *am* enjoying the tour.

YURI tries half-heartedly to suppress a giggle at that comment.  KEI 
glowers.

                                    KEI
                   I'm glad *somebody's* happy.  BEAT
                   Yuri, this is stupid.  Anybody could
                   do this sort of thing, he doesn't
                   need a pair of "galactic legends" to
                   escort a helpless prisoner around a
                   deserted temple!

                                   YURI
                   It is a bit strange ...

                                    KEI
                   Hell, he could do it himself!  Have
                   the satisfaction of shoving a queen
                   around to his heart's content!

                                 SERENITY
                   Now, I doubt that I would enjoy 
                   *that*.

                                    KEI
                   Would you *please* --

                                 SERENITY
                   Perhaps he does not want to see me.
                   BEAT Or does not want me to see
                   him.

KEI and YURI come to a complete stop.  SERENITY, her arms held behind her 
back with the neutralizer bracelet clasping her left wrist, continues 
forward for a few paces, before turning to look over her shoulder with a 
quizzical expression at the Pair.

                                   YURI
                   What do you mean ... doesn't want
                   you to see him? BEAT Kei, what
                   if this isn't a rebellion, what if
                   it's some sort of coup?

                                    KEI
                   In that case ...

                                   YURI
                   Does the name Deacon mean anything
                   to you?

                                 SERENITY
                   Deacon?  BEAT  Deacon.  Deekon.
                   Deakon.  Daikon.  BEAT  I believe
                   that that was the anime convention
                   which gave the animators later known
                   as Gainax their first major exposure
                   ... was it not?

A long silence ensues.

                                   YURI
                   *WHAT?*

                                 SERENITY
                   Perhaps that was before your time.

                                    KEI
                   Yuri, you idiot!  Why in the world
                   would he tell us his real name?!

                                 SERENITY
                   It is always sad to see distrust in
                   the ranks of an organization ...

                                    KEI
                   Oh yeah?  I suppose you blindly
                   trust everyone in your pack.

                                 SERENITY
                   SHAKES HEAD  No.  Not blindly.  I
                   know beyond any shadow of a doubt
                   that the people whom I trust are
                   trustworthy.

                                   YURI
                   UNEASY How?

                                 SERENITY
                   They have all proven themselves.
                   Many times over.  To me, and just as
                   importantly, to themselves.  They
                   *know* how much I trust them.

                                    KEI
                   But are there any people in your
                   pack that you don't trust?

                                 SERENITY
                   HESITANT Perhaps ... one or two
                   who I am uncertain about.

                                    KEI
                   Okay.  That established, does this
                   guy sound like anyone you know --
                   he's about --

                                 SERENITY
                   I am sorry, Miss, but I have a
                   terrible memory for faces.

                                    KEI
                   Great.  BEAT  Wait a minute, he's
                   got you right where he wants you --
                   *why* wouldn't he want you to see
                   him in his moment of triumph?

                                 SERENITY
                   Perhaps he does not believe that
                   this *is* his moment of triumph ...
                   perhaps he believes that it is I
                   who has him right where I want him.

                                   YURI
                   That's crazy.

                                 SERENITY
                   Perhaps.  Or he believes that if he
                   were to face me, he would be unable
                   to resist doing something that he
                   would regret.

                                    KEI
                   You mean ... he'd try and kill you
                   out of hand.

                                 SERENITY
                   As you say.

KEI and YURI exchange a glimpse.

                                   YURI
                   We won't let him do that.

                                 SERENITY
                   I know.

                                    KEI
                   Huh?

                                 SERENITY
                   After all, if you did permit him
                   to kill me ... then my death would
                   be your fault.  BEAT  And it is
                   never your fault, is it?

She smiles sweetly at the stunned Pair.

                                 SERENITY
                   Shall we go?  It would be rude to
                   keep Mr. Deacon waiting.

KEI and YURI exchange a look ... then shrug, and walk swiftly to catch up 
and walk beside SERENITY.  

Cut to PRISS being led by the GUIDE to a display around a familiar yet 
somehow different looking blue hardsuit.

                                   GUIDE
                   And this is something with which you
                   are already well-acquainted ... or
                   would be, if not for your ... um,
                   little problem.

                                   PRISS
                   You know about that, huh?

                                   GUIDE
                   NOD Dr. Bairessey mentioned it
                   when he came for his daily visit a
                   few days ago.  BEAT In any event,
                   this is the Mark 11 Stingray Exo-
                   Skeletal Battlesuit, "Morning Mist"
                   model.  Constructed 2041, it had not
                   yet been field tested before the end
                   of the Knight Sabres.

                                   PRISS
                   But it works?

                                   GUIDE
                   Theoretically.  Mackinnison Stingray
                   left clear instructions for its
                   maintenance with us, and generations
                   of archivists have followed them to
                   the letter.  Assuming the best, all
                   you'd need to do is ... well, um ...

                                   PRISS
                   Slap on a softsuit and go?

                                   GUIDE
                   BLINK Oh.  Right.  No, the Mark 8
                   Hardsuit eliminated the need for the
                   innerwear of previous designs, and
                   all of the later versions followed
                   in its path.

PRISS is suddenly *very* interested and aware.

                                   PRISS
                   So ... if I wanted to, I could just
                   slip this thing on over my regular
                   clothes and --

The GUIDE is rather embarrassed.

                                   GUIDE
                   Well, no.  BEAT  Nudity is --

                                   PRISS
                   DISBELIEVING What?

                                   GUIDE
                   All the versions after the Mark 8
                   required that the operator be naked
                   under the suit.  We're not sure why
                   Dr. Stingray constructed it along
                   those lines, but ...

                                   PRISS
                   So if I activate the explosive
                   release I'm giving everyone a free
                   show?!

                                   GUIDE
                   UPSET That feature was replaced
                   in the Mark 4 ... with a real self-
                   destruct system ...

                                   PRISS
                   Oh, this gets better and better.
                   BEAT Okay, whatever.  Do you
                   suppose I could try it on?

                                   GUIDE
                   Well, considering the situation, I
                   don't think it'd be a good idea to
                   let you go *out*, but as long as you
                   didn't leave the building, I'm sure
                   it would be all right.

                                   PRISS
                   Great.  When they ask you about it,
                   remember to tell them that you asked
                   if I'd lost touch with reality, and
                   I pulled a gun on you and told you
                   that this was fantasy, before I
                   knocked you out.

                                   GUIDE
                   Huh?

PRISS gives the GUIDE a right cross to jaw, knocking him out at once.

                                   PRISS
                   No respect for history.

She vaults into the display area, and examines the advanced hard suit.  
The helmet comes off easily, revealing a tiny switch on inside of the 
suit's neck.

                                   PRISS
                   Nice to see some things don't
                   change.

She taps the switch, and the chest area bends forward from the waist, 
while the rear of the legs angle backwards, bending at the knees.  PRISS 
examines the interior, and sees that it has been lined with the material 
that made up the innerwear.

                                   PRISS
                   Mackie *must* have suggested it to
                   Sylia at a weak moment for her.

She sighs, and begins to pull off her clothes.

Cut back to the STRATCOM center.  The holographic display is showing three 
dimensional blueprints of the Temple grounds.

                                   RAYE
                   And that, ladies and gentlemen, is
                   everything that we've been able to
                   dig up on the Temple's structure.
                   Let me stress again that all scans
                   confirm that the building has been
                   wired to self-destruct at any time.
                   BEAT You've all been recruited,
                   over the centuries, because of your
                   various skills, but more importantly
                   because you've all shown an ability
                   to think non-linearly ... to make
                   intuitive leaps and apply them to
                   strategy and tactics.  That's what
                   we need of you today -- a plan to
                   get her Majesty out of there,
                   safely.  BEAT  I should also note
                   that plans that hinge on daring solo
                   raids into the Temple are *not*
                   acceptable.

There is a sudden babble from the crowd.  A young looking woman with pink 
hair and hard eyes stands up.

                                   SAKI
                   With all due respect, Lady Mars ...
                   that sort of thing is what most of 
                   us tend to specialize in.

                                   RAYE
                   CLIPPED I'm aware of that.

                                   SAKI
                   Then --

                                   RAYE
                   But I'm not willing to accept
                   suggestions for a plan that I've
                   been personally ordered not to 
                   attempt under any circumstances.  If
                   I'm not allowed to do it, then 
                   neither is anyone else.

SAKI sits down with an annoyed expression.  Simultaneously, a young woman 
with honey blond hair stands up not far away from her.

                                   HONEY
                   Lady Mars, you mentioned that there
                   were a number of additional people
                   in the complex.

                                   RAYE
                   That's correct, Major Kisaragi.

                                   HONEY
                   Would it be possible to slip a small
                   group of operatives into the temple,
                   covering them with a brief attack by
                   ... a battlesuit equipped soldier,
                   which we would officially claim as a
                   renegade action -- in any event, the
                   agents would neutralize and disguise
                   themselves as enemy personnel, and
                   rescue the Queen that way?

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   STANDS I'd be willing to volunteer
                   for the attack ... although I wonder
                   why the Major immediately thought of
                   a battlesuit pilot to perform an
                   "unauthorized" action.

                                  SHEILA
                   MUTTERED Maybe because 'suiters
                   tend to crack up more often than any
                   other unit?

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   TURNS AND GLARES Would you provide
                   statistics for that virulent piece
                   of slander?

                                  SHEILA
                   I'm looking at one.

LT. RYOUKO looks as though she's about to physically attack SHEILA, when 
MERCURY coughs deliberately.  RYOUKO pauses, visibly calms down, and sits.

                                   RAYE
                   I appreciate the offer, Lieutenant.
                   BEAT Unfortunately, there's a
                   problem.  Mercury, if you could
                   bring up the lifescans?

MERCURY adjusts the console.  Several flagged lights appear on the three 
dimensional diagram of the temple -- one is tagged SERENITY, and is 
accompanied by two UNKNOWN lights as it moves up through a series of 
staircases.  Two other UNKNOWN lights are located in a lower level room, 
near where a light marked FUJIKO is moving slowly.  Near the top of the 
complex is a final UNKNOWN.

                                   RAYE
                   ASIDE They're moving her.  ALOUD
                   We think that these --

She points to the two accompanying Serenity.

                                   RAYE
                   -- are the Dirty Pair, but we're not
                   one hundred percent sure.  However,
                   we're fairly sure that these --

She gestures at the two in the lower level room.

                                   RAYE
                   -- *must* be the other hostages that
                   the terrorist leader mentioned in
                   passing.  The presence of Fujiko, 
		   on the same level, argues for that.
                   In other words, the only group of
                   people that you could impersonate
                   would need an incredible excuse to
                   be wandering around unhindered.
                   BEAT A good idea, but not for this
                   situation.

RAYE looks up at the dots indicating Serenity and the Dirty Pair.  They 
have reached the uppermost level of the complex.  The Unknown is moving 
towards their location.

Cut to a shot of the highest point of the temple, a broad tower that 
extends a few feet above the roof of the "Parthenon" structure.  Its most 
notable exterior feature is a large picture window that displays SERENITY, 
seated quietly in a high-backed chair.  Inside, KEI and YURI peer in 
through the door leading to the chamber in which she sits.  Footsteps are 
heard, and they look up to see the CHIEF climbing up the staircase.  He 
has changed into his usual pinstripe suit.

                                   CHIEF
                   WHISPERED Did she give you any
                   trouble?

                                    KEI
                   LOW No.  None.

                                   YURI
                   She sat down in that chair in there
                   as soon as we got here and hasn't
                   moved or spoken since.  See for
                   yourself.

She gestures for him to come take a look, but he shakes his head 
violently.

                                   CHIEF
                   No.  I fear that if I lay eyes on
                   that, that ... *thing*, I may be
                   driven to do something ...

His hands are clawing the air in front of him, and KEI and YURI are 
looking at him with wary looks.  Suddenly, he clasps his hands together in 
a prayerful fashion.

                                   CHIEF
                   ... something which is not for me to
                   decide.  Something which belongs to
                   another.

KEI and YURI exchange a look which screams, "Nutcase."  YURI turns back to 
him and smiles calmly.

                                   YURI
                   So ... what's next, Chief?  Where do
                   we go from here?

                                   CHIEF
                   SOBER Now I will make my final
                   attempt at a peaceful settlement
                   with the government ... and after it
                   is rejected ...

He trails off, making a dramatic pause.

                                    KEI
                   Then what?

                                   CHIEF
                   We go up.

Cut to the display of PRISS' hardsuit.  PRISS is now completely suited up, 
and within her helmet is examining the modifications that have been made 
between this suit and the ones that she is familiar with, as information 
scrolls across her Heads-Up Display.

                                   PRISS
                   Railgun ... modified ammo loads,
                   huh?  Should be interesting ...
                   Slight increase in laser output.
                   Improved knucklebomber employing ...
                   Gack!  How much TNT?  I bet I had
                   fun with that.  BEAT Got rid of 
                   the rocket kicks, huh?  Well, they
                   were fun, but ... too much stress
                   on the drivetrain.  Whatever.
                   BEAT I don't get it ... what's
                   the big improvement that this thing
                   has over the suit I was using when
                   everything went --

                           (FEMALE) RANMA (O.S.)
                   Flight.

PRISS whirls, and instinctively raises her right arm to fire her railgun 
at the target.  We see the strip of metal streak towards a figure in the 
shadows ... who at the last minute lifts her hand to catch the bolt 
between two fingers, an inch from her face.

                              (FEMALE) RANMA
                   Nice to meet you, too.

Inside her hardsuit, PRISS is beyond stunned.

                                   PRISS
                   SHEILA?

RANMA steps into clearer view, and we can see the reason for PRISS' 
confusion ... her "pig-tail" has grown even longer, until it reaches her 
waist.  Aside from that, she looks just like she did in the Twentieth 
Century, but her eyes (like Male RANMA's) give a clearer idea of her true 
age.

                                   RANMA
                   Nope.  I can understand your
                   confusion, though.

                                   PRISS
                   Who the hell are you and how the
                   fuck did you do that?

                                   RANMA
                   Saotome Ranma.  And practice.  Lots
                   of practice.  BEAT  I see that you
                   managed to get it up and running.

                                   PRISS
                   Uh ... am I supposed to know you
                   from somewhere?  BEAT  Wait, let 
                   me guess.  You're Nene's remote
                   descendant, come to beat me up for
                   all those times I made fun of her.

                                   RANMA
                   Not even close, and no, we've never
                   met.  However, we do have a couple
                   friends in common.

                                   PRISS
                   Raye?

                                   RANMA
                   Actually, I was thinking more of
                   Linna Yamazaki.

A long silence ensues.

                                   PRISS
                   You knew Linna?

                                   RANMA
                   That's what I said.  I met her in
                   China, a little under nine hundred
                   years ago.

                                   PRISS
                   You're immortal, then.

                                   RANMA
                   Sure seems that way, sometimes.  She
                   was ... somewhat helpful in a little
                   situation that I found myself in,
                   and when she found out that I was
                   going to be around for a long time,
                   she described you to me ... asked me
                   to look you up when you got out of
                   coldsleep.  BEAT  Anyway, I saw
                   you running out of the MACC, and
                   decided to see what you were up to.
                   BEAT So what do you think you're
                   doing?

                                   PRISS
                   I thought I might pop over to the
                   Temple, look up Serenity, have a few
                   drinks ...

                                   RANMA
                   In other words, a suicidal rescue
                   attempt, rushing in where angels say
                   "I'm not getting paid enough to do
                   this?"

                                   PRISS
                   It's what I do best.

                                   RANMA
                   SHRUGS You won't get any argument
                   from me.  It's probably as good a
                   plan as they're coming up with in
                   there.  BEAT  But what I want to
                   know is, why?

                                   PRISS
                   What?

                                   RANMA
                   No, why.  BEAT  I know about you,
                   Asagiri.  I know that the Senshi
                   dragged you out of coldsleep, mucked
                   with your memories, and turned you
                   into a carrier pigeon ... aside from 
                   a mild rejuvenation job, you don't 
                   owe them a thing.  So I wanna know 
                   why you're doing a crazy stunt like
                   this.

PRISS raises her visor.

                                   PRISS
                   Why the hell do you care?

RANMA idly snaps the railgun bolt in two.

                                   RANMA
                   Satisfy a frail old woman's curious
                   nature.

PRISS closes her eyes for a long moment, then opens them again.

                                   PRISS
                   Because Serenity means more to Raye
                   than anything in this world, and
                   she's the only friend I've got left.
                   BEAT Because she lost her once,
                   when Serena died, and I don't want
                   her to lose her again.  BEAT  And
                   because ... because only one person
                   ever loved me like that, and she
                   never told me, and now she's gone.
                   BEAT And nobody should ever lose a
                   love like that twice.

RANMA is silent for a long moment ... and then, slowly, she nods.

                                   RANMA
                   You're right.  BEAT  As I said ...
                   the major improvement to the Mark 11
                   Hardsuits was the addition, to all
                   five of them, of a fully functional
                   flight system.

PRISS is visibly startled.

                                   PRISS
                   Wait a minute, this thing doesn't
                   have any more thrusters than my old
                   suit --

                                   RANMA
                   SHAKES HEAD Doesn't need them.

                                   PRISS
                   Then how -- BEAT Did Sylia figure 
                   out how to mess with *gravity*?

                                   RANMA
                   Yes, but that's not what's involved
                   here.  BEAT  When I saw it, on
                   Linna's suit ... I thought Stingray
                   must have been listening to too much
                   Wagner.  BEAT  Anyway, there's not
                   enough room to use it in here ...
                   c'mon outside.

                                   PRISS
                   Is this gonna attract attention?

                                   RANMA
                   Yeah, but so will a suicidal assault
                   on the temple, and this'll give you
                   an edge on the bad guys.

                                   PRISS
                   Works for me.

RANMA turns and heads out of the room, with PRISS following a few feet 
behind.

Cut to the StratCom center.

                                   RAYE
                   No, Captain Montoya, we don't have
                   an apocalypse cloak, and I don't
                   think that would work this time.

The brown-haired bearded swordsman sits down with an annoyed look on his 
face.  A beeping noise comes from the terminal where MERCURY is sitting.

                                  MERCURY
                   We're receiving a signal from the
                   temple.

                                   RAYE
                   Put it up.

Several holographic view screens appear in the center of the room, 
broadcasting the image in all directions.  The CHIEF, with the distortion 
field up is standing in a featureless room.

                                   CHIEF
                   I assume I am speaking to Lady Venus
                   once more?

                                   RAYE
                   You assume incorrectly.  Lady Venus
                   has transferred command to myself,
                   Lady Mars.

                                   CHIEF
                   Oh dear.

                                   RAYE
                   We will not under any circumstances
                   negotiate with terrorists.  Release
                   Neo-Queen Serenity AT ONCE.

                                   CHIEF
                   I see.  Well.  There's nothing much
                   to say, then.  Good day.

The screen dissolves to static.

                                  MERCURY
                   Transmission lost.

Cut to the room shown in the transmission.  The CHIEF slowly reaches 
inside his suit, producing a small penlike device ... and with an almost 
ecstatic expression, he presses a button on the end.

Cut to a shot of several large turbines, beginning to move swiftly.

Cut back to the StratCom center.  There is a sudden, ominous rumbling.

                                   RAYE
                   What was that?

                                  MERCURY
                   Small scale seismic disturbance ...
                   Raye!  Several *extremely* large
                   gravitational disruptions, centered
                   under the Temple.

                                   RAYE
                   But ... WHISPERED Son of a bitch.
                   ALOUD  Give me an exterior view!

The holodisplay shows the Temple hill slowly but surely coming apart ... 
with the temple and much of the top of the hill slowly ascending.

Cut to an exterior view of the same, as the Patrol Labors gathered at the 
foot of the hill back away to avoid several sudden avalanches.  One grav 
car comes too close to the floating structure, and its engines suddenly 
fail, causing it to crash to the ground.

                            NOA (LOUD SPEAKER)
                   All units, fall back!  Fall back!

Cut to the exterior of the Knight Sabres museum, just as RANMA and PRISS 
exit at a dash.  RANMA looks up with an expression which can be summed up 
in her words.

                                   RANMA
                   Huh!  Never seen anything like that
                   before ...

                                   PRISS
                   HOW THE HELL --?

                                   RANMA
                   Big contragrav turbines, big as a
                   house ... and nothing with a smaller
                   set will be able to get close.  This
                   is where you come in, of course ...

                                   PRISS
                   I can get close to that thing?

                                   RANMA
                   Yep.  BEAT; AS IF QUOTING "That's
                   what your wings were made for."

                                   PRISS
                   Huh?

                                   RANMA
                   Never mind.  Just say `Flight Mode'.

                                   PRISS
                   DISBELIEVING Come on.

                                   RANMA
                   What?

                                   PRISS
                   Do I gotta shout "Saber Beam" if I
                   wanna use my laser?

                                   RANMA
                   ANNOYED No.  But the flight system
                   *is* voice activated.  You don't
                   have to *shout*, just *speak*.

                                   PRISS
                   Running around naked under a hard
                   suit, sentai voice command ... Sylia
                   must really have had a few too many
                   when she came up with this stuff ...

RANMA is clutching the sides of her head and gritting her teeth.

                                   RANMA
                   Will you hurry up and do it, you
                   uncute --

                                   PRISS
                   SIGH Flight Mode.

Immediately, two small bulges on the hard suit's rear shoulders begin to 
glow a bright blue-white colour ... and a few seconds later, they expand 
and explode outwards, forming two long blue-white energy constructs that 
look for all the world like large, feathered bird wings.  Inside the 
helmet, PRISS reacts in shocked astonishment.

                                   PRISS
                   WHISPERED Shit.

RANMA nods with a satisfied smile.

                                   RANMA
                   Still works after all this time.
                   That's pretty damn impressive ...

She nods her head towards the slowly ascending Temple.

                                   RANMA
                   Well?  Go get 'em.

                                   PRISS
                   Uh, newsflash, lady, I've never done
                   this sort of thing before ...

                                   RANMA
                   Just give yourself a short running
                   distance, a couple meters should do
                   it, and jump.  The computer should
                   handle the rest.  Just point your
                   nose the way that you wanna go.

PRISS pauses, then nods once ... then pauses again.

                                   PRISS
                   Aren't you coming?

                                   RANMA
                   How, praytell?  Am I supposed to
                   transform to Great Saotomeman and
                   fly using my immense chi?  BEAT
                   You're on your own, Asagiri ...

                                   PRISS
                   Right.  BEAT  Thanks.

She visibly braces herself, then runs forward a few steps, and takes a 
leap ... and then the wings take over, flapping several times a second.

                                   PRISS
                   WHOAHOAHOAHOAHOAHOAHOAHOAHOAHOA!

After a few seconds of panicked shrieking, PRISS appears to have gotten a 
handle on it, and starts flying in the general direction of the rising 
temple.  RANMA looks up at her with a nonplussed expression.

                                   RANMA
                   I guess Linna had had a few practice
                   runs after all ... BEAT Fly with
                   my chi?  Never actually tried that
                   ... maybe some other time.  BEAT I
                   wonder where I could get a kettle of
                   hot water around here?

Cut to the bridge of the MACC as RAYE, VENUS, MERCURY, JUPITER, LT. 
RYOUKO, and SHEILA enter at a run.  RAYE immediately takes the captain's 
chair, while RYOUKO drops into the sensor control post.  MERCURY heads for 
another console.

                                   RAYE
                   Put it onscreen.

The main display shows the temple rising higher into the air.   None of 
the gravitic vehicles are able to approach it without losing power, and so 
are maintaining a safe distance.

                                   RAYE
                   Shitshitshitshit!  BEAT  Amy!
                   Contragrav turbines that powerful
                   are huge, right?

                                  MERCURY
                   Extremely.  And the engineering 
                   required so that they won't tear 
                   loose from whatever structure you're
                   trying to lift is also extensive.

                                   RAYE
                   In other words, this has been a long
                   time in the planning.

                                  MERCURY
                   NODS They must have infiltrated
                   the Cult some time ago and --

                                   RAYE
                   No.  BEAT  I want you to examine
                   the Archdeacon of the Cult of
                   Serenity's transaction records for
                   the last year.

MERCURY blinks, startled, and then bends to her task.  A few moments 
later, she looks up, now even more startled.

                                  MERCURY
                   How?

                                   RAYE
                   Intuition.  BEAT  He bought the
                   raw materials to build the turbines
                   over an extended period, right?  If
                   he'd bought them in a lump, or
                   preassembled, our agents would have
                   taken notice ... nobody builds CG
                   equipment that large without a good
                   reason.  A good reason in their
                   world view, at least.

                                  JUPITER
                   But ... but Raye!  It doesn't make
                   any sense!  I've *met* the man!  He
                   *literally* worships the ground
                   Serenity walks on!  He's opposed to
                   the treaty with Jurai on the basis
                   that we don't need *any* alliances
                   since we're ruled by a GODDESS!  Why
                   would he *do* something like this?

                                   RAYE
                   When we catch him, Lita, be sure and
                   ask him, okay?

JUPITER visibly snaps.

                                  JUPITER
                   And how the *hell* are we going to
                   do *that*?!  We can't threaten to
                   shoot the damn thing, or it'll blow
                   up, or worse crash!  We can't get
                   near it with any kind of contragrav!
                   If it gets out to orbit, we won't
                   won't be able to have the fleet move
                   in for the exact same reasons!  And
                   because of you and your reckless
                   behavior --

RAYE snaps to look angrily in her direction.

                                  JUPITER
                   -- we can't even teleport up there
                   ourselves and go in shooting, 'cause
                   that'd be a suicidal mission, and
                   Gods forbid that any of *us* get to
                   risk *our* lives to save hers, since
                   you've bloody well cornered the
                   market on --

                                   RAYE
                   FURIOUS Hippolita Kino, get the 
                   hell off this bridge!

JUPITER suddenly seems to realize exactly what she's been saying.

                                  JUPITER
                   Raye, I --

                                   RAYE
                   No!  Not one more word out of you!
                   You're on suspension, and the only
                   reason I've let you be present for
                   this was out of consideration for
                   your feelings, but since you've
                   shown that you don't give a fig for
                   anyone else's feelings --

                                  JUPITER
                   NO!  That's not --

                                   RAYE
                   -- you can just go back to your
                   quarters and watch what happens on
                   TV like the *rest* of the civilians!
                   BEAT I said, get off my bridge, or
                   I'll call security and --

                                   VENUS
                   SHUT UP!  BEAT  Both of you, shut
                   up!  BEAT  My lack of god, I don't
                   believe what I'm hearing.  BEAT
                   Serenity's in the worst place that
                   she's been in since ... since the
                   final battles of the War, and all
                   the two of you can do is stand there
                   and yell at each other for not being
                   able to do more to help her!  BEAT
                   We're *all* helpless!  We're *all*
                   scared!  And everyone is relying on
                   *us* to make the right decisions,
                   and we don't know what they are!
                   BEAT; CRYING What the hell went 
                   wrong?  We were supposed to always
                   be together, getting on each other's
                   nerves, and laughing our way through
                   the hard times -- not turning into
                   THIS!  BEAT  We were meant to get 
                   a happy ending!  We were supposed to
                   be happy!  I was supposed to be ... 
                   to be ... WHISPERED ... what would
                   Serena say if she saw us like this?

VENUS is holding her face in her hands, shuddering.  JUPITER and RAYE gaze 
at her for a few seconds, then meet each other's gaze.  For a moment, RAYE 
tries to hold onto her angry expression ... and then it collapses, and 
there's a look of sheer terror in her eyes.

                                   RAYE
                   I don't *know* what we're going to
                   do, Lita.  I don't know *how* we're
                   going to save her this time, or what
                   we're going to do if we *don't*.
                   BEAT But I do know that I *can't*
                   find a way to save her *and* deal 
                   with you at the same time, so if you
                   can't handle it, *please* leave.  I
                   won't think any less of you if you
                   do.

JUPITER momentarily lets the fear that she's feeling show, but then clamps 
it down again.

                                  JUPITER
                   I'm ... I'm sorry.  I'm sc-- I'm
                   *worried* about the same things that
                   you are ... and I'm not good with
                   feelings.  BEAT  I can handle it.
                   I have to.  I couldn't ... *stand* 
                   not being at the heart of it ...
                   a second time.

RAYE nods ... and a brief silence descends on the bridge, broken by a beep 
from the sensor station, where LT. RYOUKO (like everyone else on the 
bridge) has been watching the confrontation.  She turns back to her radar 
display.

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   Lady Mars, we've got an unidentified
                   airborne object moving towards the
                   Temple.

                                   RAYE
                   Let's see it.

A long distance shot of the winged hardsuit is displayed as it flies 
towards the Temple.

                                   RAYE
                   Increase magnification ... no, it
                   can't be ...

The hardsuit is clearly visible in all its detail now.

                            RAYE & SHEILA (sim)
                   STRANGLED Priss!

                                  JUPITER
                   What the hell is she doing?!  How'd
                   she get that thing up and running?

                                   RAYE
                   If she gets out, I'll ask her that
                   myself.  BEAT  Open a channel to
                   her ...

The communications officer -- a young woman of African heritage and
light-blue-purple hair --  tries for a few seconds.

                                   PENDA
                   No response on any frequency.

                                  JUPITER
                   Raye, do something!

                                   RAYE
                   Like what?

                                  JUPITER
                   Stop her!  If she goes in there, 
                   guns blazing, they're going to kill
                   Serenity!

                                   RAYE
                   Then we'll just have to hope that
                   she's more subtle than that, because
                   I don't have any idea how to stop
                   her.

LT. RYOUKO stands up quickly.

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   Milady!  If I take a small group of
                   battlesuits up after her, I'm very
                   confident of our ability to bring
                   her in.

SHEILA stares at her with mingled terror and outrage.

                                  SHEILA
                   THE HELL YOU WILL!

RAYE shoots a glare in SHEILA's direction, but speaks as though she were 
looking at LT. RYOUKO.

                                   RAYE
                   No, Ryouko, our strike suits aren't
                   equal to --

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   With all due respect, Lady Mars, I
                   think that you both underestimate
                   us and overestimate the Stingray
                   technology!

                                  SHEILA
                   Raye, she just wants to go out there
                   and fight Priss so she can `prove'
                   herself --

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   Keep your delusions to yourself, 
                   dyke.

SHEILA whirls, utterly furious, and directs a punch at RYOUKO's face.  She 
dodges, but SHEILA's fist slams into the metal wall of her workstation, 
leaving a clear impression.

                                   RAYE
                   ENOUGH!  Sheila, you shouldn't even
                   be on the bridge, so unless you want
                   to spend the next few days in jail, 
                   get ahold of yourself.  Lieutenant, 
                   I warn you that your remarks verge 
                   on conduct unbecoming an officer ... 
                   apologize AT ONCE.

                                LT. RYOUKO
                   STIFF I apologize, *Ms.* Tenkai.
                   BEAT I was unaware that you took
                   offense at that particular term used
                   as self-description by individuals 
                   of your --

                                  MERCURY
                   ANGRY RYOUKO.

RYOUKO glowers at LADY MERCURY, then bows in her direction and is silent.

                                   RAYE
                   DEEP SIGH Request denied.  Her
                   armor can get inside the Temple's
                   contragrav field, which would
                   prevent any of our battlesuits
                   from getting close.  BEAT We'll
                   just have to rely on her discretion.

                                  JUPITER
                   What discretion?

                                   RAYE
                   Not now, Lita ...

                                  JUPITER
                   God's names, Raye, how can you trust
                   someone like that?  She --

                                   RAYE
                   The *same* way that I trust *you*,
                   who also quote *wimped* *out*,
                   unquote. BEAT Don't you realize
                   just how much you sound like a
                   hypocrite when you talk like that?
                   BEAT She lost herself when Nene
                   was killed, and when she found out
                   that Sylia had taken Genom tower
                   with her like that.  Just like you
                   lost yourself when Serena died.
                   You two are the *same*.

                                  JUPITER
                   Yes!  AND LOOK WHAT *I* DID *AFTER*
                   THAT!

RAYE is confused ... and then suddenly understanding dawns on her face.

                                   RAYE
                   You think she's going to crack up,
                   and ... do the same sort of thing
                   that you did when you killed Kunou.
                   BEAT Lita, that's crazy.  Just
                   because you've suffered the same
                   sort of things --

                                  JUPITER
                   -- doesn't mean that she'll also go
                   postal eventually?  Maybe.  All I
                   know is that I can't trust her to do
                   the right thing.  TO SHEILA  EVER.

SHEILA stares at her mother for a very long moment, her anger and shock 
clear in her eyes ... then turns and storms off the bridge.  RAYE and 
JUPITER follow her with their eyes.

                                   RAYE
                   Isn't it fortunate, then, for all
                   concerned, that you don't *have* to
                   trust her?  BEAT Because I *can*,
                   and I *do*.

RAYE turns her back on JUPITER, and looks at the screen.  PRISS is within 
a short distance of the tower, closer than any grav cars have been able to 
get.

                                   RAYE
                   WHISPERED Godspeed.

A whistled version of "Flight of the Valkyries" slowly draws RAYE's 
attention ... and she turns to stare at VENUS, who is whistling the tune 
with a faraway expression on her face.

Cut to the courtyard of the temple, as PRISS moves gracefully towards the 
building at its far end.  She comes to a stop and lands beside the 
glasshouse.  SERENITY is sitting in her chair with a blank expression on 
her face.  PRISS holds up her right hand to blast one of the windows ... 
then pauses.

                                   PRISS
                   Wait a minute ...

She punches the window instead.  It shatters inward, and little bits of 
glass streak by SERENITY's face.  (Some of them seem to be deflected by an 
invisible barrier just before they touch her.)  PRISS steps into the hole 
in the wall, and approaches SERENITY, lifting her visor.

                                   PRISS
                   Yo.  BEAT  Hey.  Are you okay?
                   Seren-- Serena?

SERENITY turns to look at PRISS calmly.

                                 SERENITY
                   I am no longer that person.  Hello,
                   Ms. Asagiri.

                                   PRISS
                   Huh?  SHAKES HEAD Whatever.  I've
                   come to get you out of here.

                                 SERENITY
                   Yes, I thought you might.

                                   PRISS
                   DUBIOUS *Are* you okay?

                                 SERENITY
                   Quite all right, thank you.  Well,
                   except for this.

She holds up her right arm, with the negation band firmly clamped around 
it.

                                   PRISS
                   That's the same sort of thing that
                   that boomer had Raye put on ...
                   Shit.  You've got nothing, do you?

                                 SERENITY
                   I would not go so far as to say
                   *that* ...

                                   PRISS
                   Right, right, faster and stronger
                   than any mortal, just hold on tight
                   when we get out of here --

Cut to the hallway just outside the room, as KEI and YURI come tearing up 
the stairs, followed closely by SMITHERS.

                                    KEI
                   I thought you said nobody could get
                   near us with that field up!

                                 SMITHERS
                   TERRIFIED Nobody *ought* to be
                   able to --

YURI quickly peeks in the door to the glassroom, and lets out a short, 
quiet squawk before ducking back to safety.

                                   YURI
                   We're screwed.

                                    KEI
                   What?!

                                   YURI
                   MORTAL FEAR Knight Sabres.

                                    KEI
                   Oh yeah, right.  Next you'll be
                   talking about the Sailor Soldiers
                   ...

YURI motions for KEI to take a look for herself.  She does so, and gulps 
before backing away.

                                    KEI
                   Okay ... so they dusted off an old
                   battlesuit.  Big deal ... it's not
                   like its one of the actual Sabres is
                   running that thing ... and even then
                   they did get beaten.  Couple times.
                   I think.

                                   YURI
                   Quit trying to rationalize and panic
                   like I have!

KEI nods silently to herself.

                                    KEI
                   Okay, there's only one way to do
                   this.

                                   YURI
                   I'm listening.

                                    KEI
                   Rush in and hope whoever's in there
                   is as scared of us as we are of her
                   ... suit.

                                   YURI
                   Sounds like a plan.

KEI silently counts to three, and then the Pair turn and throw open the 
doors.  KEI has a very large, almost Kirbyesque gun in a shooter's grip, 
while YURI is holding a blaster and the Bloody Card in either hand.

                             KEI & YURI (sim)
                   FREEZE!

PRISS slams down her visor as she whirls to look at them ... and blinks.  
Repeatedly.  Close shots of the Pair's battle bikinis.

                                   PRISS
                   You have *got* to be kidding.

KEI and YURI are mortified.

                                   PRISS
                   Who the hell are --

                                 SERENITY
                   They are the most famous team of
                   Trouble Consultants ever employed by
                   the Worlds Work Welfare Association
	           -- the Lovely Angels.

                                   PRISS
                   The ... LOOKS AGAIN Come on.  Are
                   you serious?  BEAT These are the
                   ones that everyone was so scared of
                   back at the meeting?

KEI's eyes close, and her jaw clenches.

                                   PRISS
                   *These* are the ones they were
                   calling the twin goddesses of death
                   and destruction?

KEI shows her teeth.

                                   PRISS
                   *This* is the Dirty Pair?

KEI's eyes flash open, and she starts firing her BFG at its maximum firing 
rate.  Bullets, tiny bursts of energy, and little arrows shoot out of it.  
YURI stares at her with a startled expression but wisely doesn't try to 
stop her.

                                    KEI
                   SCREAMING DIEDIEDIEDIEDIEDIEDIEDIE
                   DIEDIEDIEDIEDIEDIEDIEDIEDIEDIEDIE!

After a few seconds, she stops both her firing and her screaming, and 
takes several long gasps of air.  She stares at PRISS ... whose armor is 
dented and scorched, and there are arrows sticking out at odd angles.  But 
she's still standing.  SERENITY pops her head out from behind PRISS, and 
smiles apologetically.

                                   PRISS
                   Was that supposed to accomplish
                   something?

KEI throws the gun away, and runs at PRISS with the clear intention of 
engaging her in hand to hand.  PRISS raises her right arm, and the doors 
of her railgun open up -- and everything goes into slow motion as YURI 
sees this, and throws the Bloody Card, and it loops around KEI to smash 
into the weapon arm just as the bolt is emerging from the railgun.  Sparks 
fly, making PRISS yelp in surprise more than pain.  The arm's weapons are 
disabled.  The Card loops back to YURI, who is disturbed to see that it is 
dented and slightly melted.  Then KEI closes with PRISS.

While somewhat less fundamentally indescribable than RANMA and RYOUGA's 
grudge match, this is still a fight which can only be imagined.  PRISS' 
*slight* advantages of strength and damage resistance are set off by KEI's 

greater experience and skill ... and by the fact that she fights EXTREMELY 
dirty.  (So does PRISS, but KEI knows more dirty tricks.)  Put simply, 
it's an even match, and its going to come down to who lasts longest.

YURI is watching the fight worriedly, her gun ready.  SMITHERS approaches 
her, with a very nervous expression.

                                 SMITHERS
                   Why aren't you --

                                   YURI
                   I'm trying to find a way to avoid
                   hitting her.

                                 SMITHERS
                   For God's sake, don't shoot if you 
                   think that you can't avoid hitting 
                   the Queen!

YURI glares at him.

                                   YURI
                   I'll try to avoid hitting your cute
                   hostage.  She's a nice person.  But
                   if I can't avoid hitting Kei any
                   other way --

She turns back to the fight.

                                 SMITHERS
                   I see.  BEAT  I understand
                   completely.  Really I do.

He silently lifts a small, holdout weapon of some sort, which he points at 
the base of YURI's skull.

Back in the fight, PRISS has maneuvered KEI around so that KEI can't see 
what's going on at the doorway, but PRISS can and does.  For a moment, she 
freezes ...

                                   PRISS
                   Hey!  Look out!

                                    KEI
                   Oh come on, do you think I'm dumb
                   enough to fall for --

YURI *is* "dumb" enough to "fall for" it, and turns to see SMITHERS 
pointing the weapon at her, and shrieks.  The weapon discharges, searing a 
bolt of energy across the bottom of YURI's cheek, which makes her shriek a 
second time.  YURI lashes out, slamming a high kick into SMITHERS' jaw, 
knocking him back before he can get a second shot off, and then firing her 
own gun at his chest.  Repeatedly.  He goes flying backward, down the 
staircase.

KEI pauses, and turns to see YURI collapse to her knees.

                                    KEI
                   YURIIII!

PRISS lets out a sigh of relief ... and is thus off guard for KEI's 
furious pounding of her chest and visor.

                                    KEI
                   MESS WITH *MY* MIND, WILL YOU?!

KEI lets up after a few seconds, letting PRISS collapse limply to the
floor, and runs over to YURI.

                                    KEI
                   Yuri!

YURI is clutching her cheek with her right hand.

                                   YURI
                   Owowowowowow.

                                    KEI
                   Let me see it.

YURI shakes her head.

                                   YURI
                   Ow!  Ow!

                                    KEI
                   Yuri, does it hurt when you talk or
                   move your head?

                                   YURI
                   NODS OW.

                                    KEI
                   Then shut up and sit still you ditz!

YURI looks at her reproachfully, but obeys.  KEI stands, grabs YURI's gun, 
and marches back into the room.  Unnoticed by either of them, the CHIEF 
pokes his head up the staircase.

YURI strides over to where PRISS is lying, slams her heel into PRISS' 
stomach (eliciting a grunt of pain) wrenches her visor upward, and points 
the gun at PRISS' face.

                                    KEI
                   Don't call us that.  Okay?

                                   PRISS
                   Huh?

                                    KEI
                   That name.

                                   PRISS
                   The Dirty --

KEI shoots just to the side of PRISS' head.

                                    KEI
                   Darn my itchy trigger finger.

                                   PRISS
                   O-kay.

KEI turns to look at SERENITY, who is sitting peacefully, smiling and 
humming.

                                    KEI
                   Allright.  Enough already.  What's
                   going on here?

                                 SERENITY
                   Why are you asking me?  I am the one
                   being --

                                    KEI
                   And we're the ones being led to
                   believe that you're a megalomaniac.
                   Are you?

SERENITY gives the question serious thought.

                                 SERENITY
                   A megalomaniac is an individual who
                   believes that he or she is a super-
                   being chosen for a certain task?

                                    KEI
                   Works for me.

                                 SERENITY
                   In that case ... yes.  BEAT
                   However, I have certain very good 
                   reasons to believe that I am that
                   which I believe I am.

                                    KEI
                   ANGRY Dammit could you *please*
                   give me a straight answer?!

                                   YURI
                   Kei ...

                                    KEI
                   No!  Dammit, Yuri, I *have* to have
                   an answer to this!  I'm tired of not
                   finding out things until it's too
                   late to do anything!  I'm tired of
                   things going wrong because we didn't
                   realize something important!  I'm
                   *tired* of feeling like a *shit*
                   every time the Central Computer says
                   "It's not their fault" and having to
                   see the faces of people who got hurt
                   in our mix-ups on the news *every*
                   *bloody* *night*!  BEAT I'm tired.
                   TO SERENITY So talk, you!  Since
                   we woke up it's been nothing but
                   "Serenity rules with an iron fist!
                   She crushes all opposition!  She
                   forces her will on the populace!"
                   Now it's your turn!  I wanna hear
                   your side of the story!  Talk!

SERENITY is still for a long moment ... and then she shakes her head.

                                 SERENITY
                   No.

                                    KEI
                   BLINKS WHAT?

                                 SERENITY
                   Kei, maturity involves both taking
                   responsibility for your actions ...
                   and accepting that you are *not*
                   responsible for everything in the
                   world.  I understand how you feel, I
                   have felt the pain of wishing that 
                   there was something that I could 
                   have done to make matters right when
                   there wasn't.  BEAT  But consider
                   ... if I persuade you that I am on
                   the side of good, and lie to you ...
                   when you realize your error, you
                   will be able to deny responsibility
                   for your choice by claiming that you
                   were tricked.  BEAT  And you will
                   have learned nothing.

                                    KEI
                   I ... I just want ...

                                 SERENITY
                   PITYING You just want someone to
                   take you in her arms, cradle you to
                   sleep, and whisper softly, "It is 
                   not your fault, Kei-chan."  BEAT I
                   am sorry, Kei.  I will not do that.
                   I could.  BEAT  If I wanted to, I
                   could make you love me as a daughter
                   loves a mother, or as a sister loves
                   a sister, or as some women love each
                   other.  I could make anyone do that.
                   Everyone.  "All would look on me and
                   despair".  BEAT  I will not do 
                   that.  I have chosen otherwise.

She stands, and walks calmly and gracefully to where KEI is standing and 
staring at her with a confused expression.

                                 SERENITY
                   Choice is an important thing, Kei.
                   But it must be a Choice made with
                   full awareness of what will happen
                   if the Choice is made.  BEAT Down
                   both paths, you will survive this
                   day.  But if you choose to act in
                   anger and confusion, an innocent
                   will die -- and it *will* be your
                   fault.  While if you choose to act
                   in love and hope, you may always
                   wonder whether you did the right
                   thing, for there is no Central
                   Computer to absolve you, now -- and
                   I have seen what madness can come
                   from knowing that something could
                   have gone another way.  BEAT  But
                   the Choice must be made --

SERENITY quickly stomps on PRISS' hand as it reaches up to grab KEI's 
ankle.

                                   PRISS
                   HEY!

                                 SERENITY
                   -- and made *without* interference.

                                    KEI
                   I don't understand.  What --

                               CHIEF (O.S.)
                   EX-cuse me.

KEI whirls around to stare at the CHIEF, who is standing in the doorway, 
holding YURI in a headlock with one arm, while the other clutches a 
detonator switch of some sort.

                                   CHIEF
                   You aren't living up to your part of
                   the deal, Kei.  BEAT  Kill the one
                   in the hardsuit.  Now.  Or I'll be
                   forced to use *this*.

                                    KEI
                   Oh yeah?  And what's *that*?

                                   CHIEF
                   Rest assured, that if you don't kill
                   her, this will do it for you ... but
                   that it will take you, me, SHOVES 
                   YURI her, and Serenity with her.
                   BEAT Come now.  You wouldn't want
                   the death of an innocent like Yuri
                   on your hands, now would you?

He caresses the developing scar on YURI's cheek, causing her face to twist 
in pain.  KEI's eyes go to slits, and everything goes into slow motion as 
she swings the gun around, so that it points at SERENITY, the chair, the 
wall, and finally at the CHIEF ... and then we see KEI's eyes widen in 
surprise ... and the gun continues its swing, as KEI releases it from her 
hand and lets it go flying into the opposite wall.

                                    KEI
                   Do it yourself, you bastard.  BEAT
                   I don't do wetwork.

The CHIEF seems completely shocked by this development.  He stares at KEI 
for a few seconds, and then SERENITY steps between them, and looks at him 
quizzically.

                                 SERENITY
                   Well?

The CHIEF lets go of YURI and tries to stumble back out of SERENITY's 
view, and accidentally (or perhaps not) stabs down on the trigger 
mechanism of the device in his hand.

Below, the turbines pause for an instant ... and then begin to spin at an 
almost unbelievable pace, making them glow white hot.

Outside, the mass of the Temple and hill has slowed down to a stop ... and 
suddenly it shoots skyward faster than a speeding bullet.

In the MACC, everything is in chaos.  The display shows a mass and gravity 
distortion field heading upward towards the fleet of spaceships over 
Crystal Tokyo at an extreme velocity.

                                   RAYE
                   SHOUTING I don't *care* how they
                   do it, just get those damn ships
                   OUT OF THE WAY!

                                  MERCURY
                   Dear God it's pulling *TEN* GEES!

                                   VENUS
                   QUIZZICAL Isn't that her lucky
                   number?

                                  JUPITER
                   SHUT UP, MINA!

Inside the Temple, KEI has been crushed to the floor beside PRISS, while 
YURI is crumpled to the ground in the corridor, some distance from where 
the CHIEF is lying.  PRISS struggles, even as she bleeds from her nose, to 
look up ...

... and sees that while SERENITY is bent, even bowed, she's still 
standing.

And she's pissed.

When she speaks, although she speaks in a normal volume and tone, it is as 
though *billions* of other voices are combined with hers, complimenting 
her voice and each other, so that her voice becomes a thing of incredible 
beauty and power.

                                 SERENITY
                   *ENOUGH*.

In a view from space, we see several space ships moving out of the way of 
the swiftly approaching mass of the Temple ... and we see it slow down, 
gradually stopping at about the same orbital "level" that most of the 
ships occupy.

Cut to the command center of the MACC.  Everything is quiet as all eyes 
are on the image of the temple on the display.  PENDA is listening to an 
earpiece microphone.

                                   PENDA
                   The Skylark's scanners indicate that
                   ... a magical construct is holding
                   in atmosphere, and gravity is being
                   generated by the structure's CG
                   turbines.  BEAT All other scans
                   are being jammed.

                                   RAYE
                   BEAT She's loose.

In the temple, SERENITY bends down to check KEI, and assures herself that 
she's unconscious but otherwise fine.  She turns to PRISS, and is startled 
to see that she's somehow holding onto consciousness.

                                 SERENITY
                   Rest, Priss.  BEAT  I am going to
                   make it all right.  BEAT  I
                   promised you that, a long time ago,
                   and you know that I do not lie.

                                   PRISS
                   STRANGLED It ... *was* ...

SERENITY nods, and PRISS relaxes.  She looks up at the glass roof of the 
building.

                                   PRISS
                   Stars ...

                                 SERENITY
                   Yes, Priss.  You made it to the
                   heavens after all.

                                   PRISS
                   ODD But ... I thhhhh ... think
                   I've ... seen ... this ... before.

PRISS' eyes close, and SERENITY looks at her with a confused expression 
... then gently passes her hand through the glass of her vizor to caress 
her cheek.  SERENITY moves slowly to where YURI is unconscious, and she 
makes sure that she's no more than that.  A tiny glow surrounds her 
fingers as she touches the scar on YURI's cheek, and when she pulls her 
hand away, it is gone.  And finally, she comes to the CHIEF.  She looks 
down at him with an unreadable expression.

                                 SERENITY
                   Awaken, Archdeacon of the Cult of
                   Serenity.

The CHIEF is instantly awake, and stares up at SERENITY with an expression 
of rapturous devotion.  She meets his look with a stern face.

                                 SERENITY
                   Why.

                                   CHIEF
                   To glorify you, Goddess!  I knew
                   that if I were to bring you to the
                   moon, your true power would be
                   revealed to all, and that all the
                   worlds would bow down before you
                   and --

                                 SERENITY
                   You did not do this to glorify me,
                   Archdeacon.

                                   CHIEF
                   I -- I did not do these things for
                   my own aggrandizement!

                                 SERENITY
                   SHAKES HEAD No.  Your failing is
                   far more terrible than that.

                                   CHIEF
                   How have I --

                                 SERENITY
                   What you call piety, Archdeacon, and
                   wish to believe is a chaste and just
                   love for one you view as a goddess
                   -- is nothing more than purest lust.

                                   CHIEF
                   NO!  I have mortified myself so that
                   I no longer feel such physical --

                                 SERENITY
                   What you feel is not physical.  It is
                   far more abhorrent.  BEAT  You
                   desire to possess me ... my body, my
                   heart, and my soul.  And my power.
                   You would not use it for your own
                   aggrandizement, true.  Instead, you
                   would make all who live bow down
                   before me -- make a love gift of the
                   universe to me.  BEAT  I do not
                   want the universe, Archdeacon.

                                   CHIEF
                   You are a GODDESS!  It is yours by
                   *right*!

                                 SERENITY
                   ANGRY You speak of things that you
                   do not understand.  You --

                                   CHIEF
                   YOU ARE A GODDESS!

                                 SERENITY
                   ANGRY YES!  I AM!  AND YOU DO NOT
                   KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS!  BEAT  But
                   I will *show* you.

                                   CHIEF
                   What?

                                 SERENITY
                   For a moment -- only a moment -- you
                   will see through the eyes of a god,
                   feel what a god would feel, know
                   what a god can know.  BEAT  Is
                   this your desire?

                                   CHIEF
                   WEEPING Yes oh yes oh yes oh y--

                                 SERENITY
                   It is done.

The CHIEF's litany is suddenly interrupted.  His pupils dilate until there 
is no iris left.

And he Sees.

PRISS' eyes jerk open as a hideous and terrible scream erupts near her, 
and she looks up as the CHIEF runs past her, screaming and clawing at his 
face, smashing through the window, running through the courtyard, and 
leaping off the edge of the hill ... and passing through the force field 
into the vacuum beyond.  Unlike DAL CASSIO, earlier, the CHIEF is  
fortunate enough to have a wide open mouth and be in the process of 
expelling all the oxygen from his lungs, so that he will not explosively 
decompress.  Instead, he will probably maintain a stable orbit for as long 
as it takes him to die -- a few minutes -- and a little while after that.

PRISS closes her eyes to slits, as SERENITY comes out of the hallway with 
a sad but determined expression.

                                 SERENITY
                   I am sorry.  Even to such as you, I
                   am sorry.  BEAT  Time to go home.

From space, we see the mass begin to descend ... then stop abruptly.

We see SERENITY's bowed head jerk up as the sudden stop shakes everything 
around.  There is an awful, sudden silence.

                                 SERENITY
                   DREADING WHISPER Oh no.

The voice that speaks is the voice from the final moments of the first 
act, the voice that spoke in KEI and YURI's vision.

                               WOMAN'S VOICE
                   OH YES, SERENITY.

SERENITY draws a deep breath, and we close in on her eye.

SERENITY stands, muted, in blackness.

                               WOMAN'S VOICE
                   YOU LEFT THE EARTH BEHIND, LITTLE
                   QUEEN, OF YOUR OWN FREE WILL AND
                   VOLITION.  NO ONE FORCED YOU, THIS 
                   TIME.  BEAT  AND THE CRYSTAL IS 
                   NOT WITH YOU.  BEAT  AND I NEED 
                   NOT LET YOU RETURN.

                                 SERENITY
                   If I do not return, those with me
                   will slowly die.  They are already
                   hurt gravely --

                               WOMAN'S VOICE
                   WHAT IS THAT TO ME?  THEY ARE NOT
                   *MY* CHILDREN.  ALIENS!  FREAKS,
                   AND ALIENS!

KEI's image appears in the darkness.

                               WOMAN'S VOICE
                   MISCEGENATION.

YURI's image is beside it.

                               WOMAN'S VOICE
                   THE TAINT IS FAINTER HERE, AND
                   DIFFERENT, BUT STILL PRESENT.

FUJIKO's image is beside it.

                               WOMAN'S VOICE
                   THIS ONE ...

It blanks out.

                               WOMAN'S VOICE
                   THAT ONE SEEMS TO HAVE BEEN MORE
                   WILY THAN YOU THOUGHT.  SHE HAS MADE
                   HER *OWN* ESCAPE.

The images of two women in nun-like attire appear.

                               WOMAN'S VOICE
                   AND THESE TWO WORSHIP *YOU*, AND
                   CAME TO WITNESS A MIRACLE INVOLVING
                   YOU.  WHY SHOULD I LET SUCH AS THEY
                   RETURN?

                                 SERENITY
                   And what of the other?

                               WOMAN'S VOICE
                   UNDOUBTABLY LIKE THE OTHERS --

                                 SERENITY
                   She is nothing like the others.  I
                   demand that you look closely.

                               WOMAN'S VOICE
                   YOU MAY DEMAND NOTHING OF ME --

                                 SERENITY
                   I DEMAND THIS OF YOU.  I, SERENITY,
                   DAUGHTER OF SERENITY, DEMAND THIS
                   OF YOU, RHEANNION.

There is a long silence in the Kami Plane.

                               WOMAN'S VOICE
                   SHE IS ... SHE IS HUMAN.  SHE IS
                   ALMOST UNTOUCHED BY YOU.  BEAT
                   YOU BROUGHT HER WITH YOU FOR THE
                   SOLE PURPOSE OF TRAPPING ME INTO
                   LETTING YOU RETURN.  DID YOU NOT?!

                                 SERENITY
                   Believe what you wish, Rheannion.  I
                   know that I cannot change your will
                   about me or mine ... now.

                               WOMAN'S VOICE
                   EVER!

                                 SERENITY
                   Perhaps.  In any event, stand aside,
                   and let me return, that I might save
                   this collection of miscegenations
                   and humans.

                               WOMAN'S VOICE
                   THERE WILL BE A RECKONING.

                                 SERENITY
                   BORED Of course.

The blackness slowly fades away, leaving an empty gray void behind.  
SERENITY remains standing for a moment, then collapses to her knees.  Her 
face is exhausted.  Then a figure is kneeling on her right side.  SERENITY 
turns to look, and it is BELLDANDY, who is looking at her with a concerned 
expression.

                                 BELLDANDY
                   Are you able to continue?  If not,
                   we are willing to help.

SERENITY nods.

                                 SERENITY
                   I have to be able to continue.  If
                   I do not, who will?

Another figure is kneeling on her left side.  SERENITY turns to look, and 
it is TENDOU KASUMI, with a full moon symbol on her forehead.

                                  KASUMI
                   Are you sure?

SERENITY nods again.

                                 SERENITY
                   I am sure ... oneesama.

BELLDANDY and KASUMI smile at each other, bow at the waist, and then 
vanish.  SERENITY starts to push herself up ... but it seems to be harder 
than it ought to be.  She tries a few times, and seems very frustrated.  
An white-gloved hand attached to a blue-sleeved arm reaches down towards
her.  SERENITY looks up, and is clearly shocked by what she sees.  The
hand gestures to her as if to say, come on, take my hand, I'll guide you.  
SERENITY reaches out and, not without trepidation, takes the hand.

SERENITY's eyes open, and she is standing where she stood before.

                                 SERENITY
                   I learn something new everyday.

From space, we see the mass of the Temple begin to descend to Earth once 
more.

Time elapses, and we see the mass of the temple settle uneasily into the 
ground from whence it had been ripped earlier.  (This is a noisy affair.)  
A few minutes pass, and SERENITY appears at the entrance to the temple, 
waving at the MACC.  In a pulse of fire, mist, and golden light, the 
Sailor Senshi appear around her.  RAYE is on the verge of a conniption 
fit.

                                 SERENITY
                   Hello, did you miss me?  BEAT Is
                   something --

                                   RAYE
                   DON'T YOU EVER DO THAT TO US AGAIN,
                   DO YOU HEAR ME?!  SWEET GODDESS HAVE
                   MERCY, DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA WHAT THE
                   PAST FEW HOURS HAVE BEEN LIKE FOR ME
                   AND THE REST OF --

SERENITY goes up on tiptoes and kisses RAYE on the mouth, effectively 
stopping her rant.  After about half-a-minute, she settles down, and 
smiles sunnily.

                                 SERENITY
                   I missed you, too.  BEAT Maybe I
                   *should* do this more often.

                                   RAYE
                   No.  Don't.  Do.  THAT.  Or --

                                 SERENITY
                   Or you will punish me in the name
                   of the moon?  BEAT  How kinky of
                   you, Raye.

RAYE covers her face with her hands and makes "Gah" noises.  SERENITY 
smiles at MERCURY, who sighs with mixed embarrassment and relief and
smiles back.  SERENITY then turns to look at JUPITER.  JUPITER is looking
at her with mixed fear and love ... and SERENITY smiles again.

                                 SERENITY
                   I changed my mind.  Your suspension
                   is off, effective immediately.

                                  JUPITER
                   Really?

                                 SERENITY
                   Yes.  BEAT Now you know what it is
                   to *really* be helpless in a moment
                   of crisis, Lita.  Never forget it.

JUPITER nods humbly, and concentrates.  Lightning flares around her, and 
she stands revealed in her Senshi uniform.

                                  JUPITER
                   Now, where's Fujiko?

                                 SERENITY
                   SHAKES HEAD Escaped.  She either
                   teleported or *was* teleported away
                   around the time that we began to
                   descend.  BEAT  There will be
                   future chances, Jupiter.

                                  JUPITER
                   Yeah.  But I'd like to get her,
                   anyway.

                                 SERENITY
                   You could enlist the assistance of
                   her old associate --

                                  JUPITER
                   GLOWER Not in *this* life.  BEAT
                   What about --

                                 SERENITY
                   Ms. Asagiri is unconscious in the
                   temple, as are the Lovely Angels.
                   The latter have surrendered and are
                   to be considered non-belligerent ...
                   give them full medical treatment, at
                   my expense, please.

                                  MERCURY
                   I'll get right on it ...

She activates her visor, and heads into the Temple.  SERENITY turns to 
speak to VENUS ... and blinks to realize that she's gone.

                                 SERENITY
                   Where did Mina --

VENUS is standing behind a pillar some distance away, trembling.  She bows 
her head, and teleports in a shower of golden light.  SERENITY notices the 
burst of light, and her face falls.

                                 SERENITY
                   WHISPERED Oh Mina ... she would
                   have forgiven you anything ... why
                   can't you forgive yourself?

She shakes her head in sorrow, and looks down the hill ... to see ENDYMION 
standing at the base, looking up.  Letting out a happy shriek, she dashes 
down the hill, rushing to throw herself into his arms.  Above, RAYE and 
JUPITER look down at the reunion.  JUPITER looks at RAYE with a strange 
expression.  RAYE notices, and lifts an eyebrow inquiringly.  JUPITER 
shakes her head.

                                  JUPITER
                   I will never understand you as long
                   as I live, will I?

                                   RAYE
                   SMILE I hope not.

She starts down the hill to join them.  JUPITER watches for a moment, and 
shakes her head again.

Fade to black.

                                  CAPTION
                             SOME HOURS LATER

Fade up on KEI and YURI in a pair of hospital beds in a bleached white 
hospital room.  In the distance, we can hear the faint sound of 
announcements being made over the PA system.

                                   YURI
                   Nice of them to fix my cheek, wasn't
                   it?

                                    KEI
                   Yep.  BEAT  If you consider making
                   sure we look our best for a public
                   execution to be `nice'.

                                   YURI
                   Oh come on, Kei --

                                    KEI
                   Conspiracy to commit kidnapping of
                   the ruler of a planet.  And they
                   can probably make a case for
                   attempted kathilicide --

                                   YURI
                   That's "regicide".

                                    KEI
                   Whatever you want to call it, they
                   can make it stick!  We're *doomed*!
                   BEAT And the only question left
                   is, how do they execute people here?

                               TENCHI (O.S.)
                   They don't.  At least, not in the
                   way that you think.

KEI and YURI turn to see TENCHI, wearing his robes, standing at the door.  
He smiles politely.

                                YURI (V.O.)
                   LOVESTRUCK Mine!

                                KEI (V.O.)
                   DITTO Mine!

                                   YURI
                   Uh ... good day, sir ... uh, you
                   seem kinda familiar, but --

TENCHI comes into the room and walks towards the area between their beds.

                                  TENCHI
                   Well, I wasn't in the news very much
                   in your era, but it's not impossible
                   that you learned about me ... in one
                   way or another.  BEAT  My name is
                   Tenchi.

                                   YURI
                   BOGGLES The Imperial Crown Prince
                   of Jurai?!

                                  TENCHI
                   Not anymore ... now I'm sort of the
                   Emperor.

KEI and YURI exchange a quick panicked glance.

                                    KEI
                   Uh ... about that little incident
                   with the space elevator on your
                   homeworld --

                                  TENCHI
                   SHAKES HEAD Ancient history.
                   Besides.  It wasn't *your* fault.

                                    KEI
                   Oh yeah?

                                  TENCHI
                   FIRM Yes.  BEAT The WWWA Central
                   Computer was charting a path for
                   galactic humanity that neither I nor
                   most of those who also discovered it
                   approved of, but it was not, legends
                   to the contrary, "insane".  BEAT
                   It kept clearing you of the blame
                   for those incidents because you
                   weren't responsible for them, and
                   that's that.

                                   YURI
                   But what about now?

                                  TENCHI
                   Now, you have been absolved of any 
                   improper conduct during this recent
                   crisis by Serenity, due to your 
                   ignorance of the circumstances. 
                   BEAT But ...

                                    KEI
                   Here it comes ...

                                  TENCHI
                   Within a few minutes after the
                   revelation of your presence here on
                   Earth ... a petition was started to
                   ask Serenity to have you deported
                   at once.  BEAT At last count it
                   had over sixty million signatures.

                                    KEI
                   Oh.

                                  TENCHI
                   You sound almost disappointed.

                                    KEI
                   I'm wondering when the other shoe
                   is going to drop.

TENCHI rubs the back of his head.

                                   YURI
                   FLAT Let's hear it.

                                  TENCHI
                   DEEP BREATH Every other nation in
                   the Solar sytem has declared you
                   persona non grata.  BEAT And word
                   has come from the Centauri that any
                   attempt to foist you two off on
                   them -- and since they are the
                   closest former member of United
                   Galactica, they *would* be the
                   logical first choice -- as an act of
                   war ... and we're expecting similar
                   statements from other nearby powers,
                   shortly.

KEI has covered her eyes with her hand, and bent downward.  YURI looks 
ill.

                                    KEI
                   Then where are we going to go?  What
                   are we going to do?

                                  TENCHI
                   We come now to the good news!

                                   YURI
                   You've decided to shoot us and put
                   us out of our misery?

                                  TENCHI
                   No.  BEAT  I am inviting you to
                   Jurai.

KEI looks up, startled.

                                    KEI
                   Whaaat?

                                  TENCHI
                   I'm fairly sure that I can arrange
                   your naturalization, since I have
                   some amount of influence over the
                   government.

                                   YURI
                   But ... why?

                                  TENCHI
                   There are a couple reasons.  One:
                   I'm of the opinion that the Jurain
                   Intelligence Service needs a new
                   command staff ... and you two would
                   be able to do the job nicely.  Two:
                   I think that the two of you have
                   gotten a harder deal in all of this
                   than you deserve.  BEAT  As one
                   who knows very well what it's like
                   to have to live down one's own
                   legend ... I definitely sympathize.
                   And three ... BEAT Yuri, one of
                   your grandfathers was named Wataru
                   Kasuga, a psychic investigator?

                                   YURI
                   Uh ... yeah, how'd you --

                                  TENCHI
                   And Kei ... your grandmother was
                   a Kizarkan native named Aeshka 
                   Kuramitsu, wasn't she?

                                    KEI
                   DEFENSIVE Yeah?  So?

                                  TENCHI
                   SMILES Her mother ... was a very,
                   very dear friend of mine. BEAT
                   And the line of Kasuga has been 
                   friendly to the house of Jurai for a
                   long time, as well.  BEAT  That
                   was my Great-Grandmother's family
                   name, you see.

TENCHI turns to go out, but pauses at the door.

                                  TENCHI
                   We won't be leaving for Jurai for a
                   few days, so you'll have time to
                   relax ... and you can stop worrying
                   about anyone trying to lynch you.
                   BEAT I think you'll like Jurai ...
                   it's sometimes a little too calm for
                   my liking ... but I think you'll
                   find ways to change that.

He smiles, bows, and exits the room.  KEI and YURI follow him with "the 
dreamy-eyed look".

                             KEI & YURI (sim)
                   What a hunk ...

TENCHI pops his head back into the room with a nervous expression.

                                  TENCHI
                   I'm married.  I'm very, very, very
                   married.  So married ... it's scary
                   sometimes how married I am ...

TENCHI steps back out of the room, bowing repeatedly.  He turns to walk up 
the corridor.

                                YURI (O.S.)
                   I saw him first!

TENCHI flinches, and continues walking, past a room in which we can see 
PRISS laid up in a hospital bed with SHEILA sitting on the far side of the 
bed from the door.

                                   PRISS
                   So this Ryouko really wants to beat
                   my nose in, huh?

                                  SHEILA
                   NOD She's so competitive, she'll
                   do damn near anything to prove that
                   she's the best at whatever she
                   chooses to do -- and as it stands,
                   you seem like a possible challenger
                   to her status as "best battlesuit
                   pilot in the realm."  BEAT  The 
                   fact that she's also so homophobic 
                   that I think she keeps her eyes
                   closed when she goes to a public
                   bath doesn't help, either, or that
                   you and I are --

                                   PRISS
                   Great.

                                  SHEILA
                   APOLOGETIC We've had a feud going
                   on for a long while now ...

                                   PRISS
                   So now I gotta deal with a crazy
                   archenemy of yours *and* your mom,
                   too?  Cheeeee ...

SHEILA studies her hands intently.

                                  SHEILA
                   QUIET I found out why my mom hates
                   you so --

                                   PRISS
                   IRRITATED She thinks I'm gonna go
                   postal like she did when you were
                   kidnapped, right?

SHEILA looks up, startled.

                                  SHEILA
                   How the hell --

                                   PRISS
                   Look, I'm not Sylia, I'm not even
                   Nene, but I'm not a complete idiot
                   either.  When she started talking
                   about "failing in the crunch", I
                   thought she meant when I ... BEAT
                   but that wasn't it.  At least, not
                   completely.  Your story last night
                   was the clincher, though.

SHEILA looks like she doesn't know quite how to deal with that.  PRISS 
looks around.

                                   PRISS
                   I hate hospitals.  I can't wait to
                   get out of here --

                                  SHEILA
                   Oh!  Right.  Um ... listen, I've
                   been thinking.  I've been living in
                   an appartment that's just a little
                   too large for one person for a
                   while now, and --

PRISS holds up a hand.

                                   PRISS
                   Look, right now, the only thing I'm
                   thinking about are a few questions
                   I wanna ask the Queen as soon as I'm
                   up. But ... I don't wanna move in 
                   with you yet.

                                  SHEILA
                   But ... why not?

                                   PRISS
                   Well for starters, I like my digs 
                   now.

                                  SHEILA
                   APPALLED You *like* that spirit-
                   cursed relic?

                                   PRISS
                   I like having neighbors I can pull a
                   gun on with impunity, okay?  BEAT
                   And I like my --

                                  SHEILA
                   But Priss!

                                   PRISS
                   Listen, has it occured to you that
                   we might be moving --

                                  JUPITER
                   Excuse me.

SHEILA and PRISS break off their argument, and look to the door.  JUPITER, 
in her full regalia, the Space Sword at her side, is standing there, 
filling up much of the frame.

                                  SHEILA
                   WARNINGLY Mother --

                                  JUPITER
                   I have not come here to fight.

She steps into the room, and slowly approaches PRISS' bed.  PRISS looks up 
at her with the expression of a cornered wolf.  JUPITER's expression is 
hard to understand ... it is as though she wants to be anywhere else, but 
at the same time clearly wants to be where she is.

                                  JUPITER
                   It ... it has been ... BEAT I have
                   come to the conclusion ... that I
                   ... may ... owe you ... an apology.

                                   PRISS
                   BLINKS And?

                                  JUPITER
                   DEEP BREATH I am sorry that I have
                   treated you so poorly as I have
                   since your awakening, Priscilla
                   Asagiri.  You have done nothing to
                   deserve it.

                                   PRISS
                   And?

                                  JUPITER
                   That's all I came to say.

She bows stiffly, then turns to leave.

                                   PRISS
                   Riiiiight.

JUPITER pauses.

                                  JUPITER
                   Excuse me?

                                   PRISS
                   SUDDENLY VERY ANGRY Look, I don't
                   *want* your friendship and I don't
                   *need* your apology, okay?  What the
                   hell did you think you were going to
                   accomplish, coming here all `I'm 
                   *so* sorry' like that?

JUPITER is silent for a long moment.

                                  JUPITER
                   I was trying to do the right thing.

                                   PRISS
                   INTENSE SARCASM I'm so sure --

JUPITER turns, and there are tears glistening in her eyes.

                                  JUPITER
                   And I was hoping that you and I ...
                   would be able to talk to each other
                   about Nene.  BEAT  She was a very,
                   very ... good person.  BEAT  But
                   the good tend to die young.  BEAT
                   So it's up to the evil people like
                   me to protect them, I guess.  And I
                   did a lousy job.  With both Nene.  
                   And with Serena.  BEAT  Such is
                   life.

She turns and walks swiftly out the door.  PRISS watches her go with a 
troubled, uncertain expression on her face.

                                  SHEILA
                   How could you?

PRISS turns to look at SHEILA, who has stood up and is moving slowly 
around the bed.

                                  SHEILA
                   She came here, all but on her hands
                   and knees to apologize to you -- and
                   you tossed it in her face like a 
                   piece of garbage.  BEAT  How could 
                   you *do* that to her?

                                   PRISS
                   I ... I didn't think she was --

SHEILA is at the door, and she looks nervously out it, before turning back 
to look at PRISS with an angry expression.

                                  SHEILA
                   You know what?  You are absolutely
                   right.  We *were* moving too fast.

                                   PRISS
                   I -- I'm s--

Too late.  SHEILA runs out the door.

                                  SHEILA
                   MOM!

PRISS stares at the door for a few moments.

                                   PRISS
                   Alone again.  BEAT  Naturally.

She starts to pull herself out of bed, moving slowly.

We see SHEILA go rushing past a closed door in the hallway.

                                  SHEILA
                   Mom!  Wait up!

Our attention focuses on the closed door.  We draw towards it.

Cut to a shot of RYOUGA's peaceful sleeping face.

                              MERCURY (O.S.)
                   Ryouga.  BEAT  Wake up, Ryouga.

RYOUGA's eyes flutter open, and he smiles sleepily up at MERCURY, whose 
face is calm.

                                  RYOUGA
                   Good morning, Amy-chan ...

He trails off, and a confused expression flashes across his face.

                                  RYOUGA
                   Something ... something is different.

                                  MERCURY
                   You're not dreaming anymore, Ryouga.
                   That's one difference.

                                  RYOUGA
                   That was ... a dream.

                                  MERCURY
                   Yes.  We placed you in cyrogenic
                   suspension until we could find a way
                   to deal with your condition.  BEAT
                   And we have.

                                  RYOUGA
                   SCARED You mean I'm not immortal
                   any m--

                                  MERCURY
                   Yes, you are *still* immortal.
                   BEAT I'm sorry, Ryouga, I should
                   have thought of this sooner.  To
                   eliminate the supernatural
                   corruption of the mermaid's liver
                   formula, all that was needed was
                   to replace the mermaid liver with
                   that of another long-lived, magical
                   being.

                                  RYOUGA
                   What --

                             RANMA (F) (O.S.)
                   Hi dere.

RYOUGA turns with glacial slowness to look at RANMA, leaning on her side 
on an operating table, topless and with a large, swiftly healing scar over 
her stomach, approximately where the liver is located, and a very naughty 
grin.

                                   RANMA
                   How's it going, old buddy old pal?

                                  RYOUGA
                   RRRRRAAAAAANNNNNNNNNMMMMMMMAAAAAA!

                                  MERCURY
                   SIGH Restraints.

Metal fasteners loop up around RYOUGA before he can leap to start beating 
the stuffing out of RANMA.

                                  RYOUGA
                   AMY!  GET ME OUT OF THESE THINGS!

                                  MERCURY
                   Well, if you're too weak to break
                   them by yourself, then you're *much*
                   too weak to be fighting, don't you
                   think?

                                   RANMA
                   I certainly like him tied up like
                   this.

                                  RYOUGA
                   RANMA!   WHEN I AM FREED, I WILL
                   TAKE A VENGEANCE ON YOU THAT WILL
                   MAKE SATAN WEEP AT YOUR TORMENT!

                                   RANMA
                   Vengeance for saving your life?

                                  RYOUGA
                   VENGEANCE FOR MAKING ME *OWE* YOU OF
                   ALL BEINGS MY LIFE!

                                   RANMA
                   You've got a warped sense of values,
                   P-Chan.

                                  RYOUGA
                   STOP CALLING ME P-CHAN!!!

                                  MERCURY
                   CONFUSED Saotome-san, why *do* you
                   call Ryouga by the name of a pet pig
                   I had a long time ago?

RYOUGA stops in mid-rant.  RANMA looks confusedly at MERCURY for a moment 
... then turns to look at RYOUGA with an expression that hovers between 
disgust and amazement.

                                   RANMA
                   You're incredible.

RYOUGA is audibly grinding his teeth together.

                                   RANMA
                   It's an old joke, Mizuno-sensei.  An
                   old joke between old friends.

                                  RYOUGA
                   YOU WERE NEVER MY FRIEND!

                                   RANMA
                   IGNORES HIM It'd take too long to
                   explain.

                                  MERCURY
                   SIGH Very well.  Now, your liver
                   should regrow in a few days, and the
                   artificial substitute will have to
                   be taken out some time before that.
                   Are you sure that you don't want to
                   rest here until --

                                   RANMA
                   Nope.  BEAT  I've got ... other
                   things to do.

                                  MERCURY
                   Very well.  In that case --

She moves very swiftly, picking up RANMA's black silk shirt, dropping it 
in her arms, and marching her out the door.

                                  MERCURY
                   -- be sure to come back in a day or
                   so, but not for the next few hours,
                   because I'm going to busy.  Very
                   very busy.

MERCURY gently shoves RANMA out the door, closes it behind her, and there 
is the sound of locks being fastened.  RANMA looks back, a bit startled, 
but then shrugs and pulls on her shirt.  She fastens it and turns to go, 
walking down the corridor, to a balcony.  She pauses at the balcony, and 
looks up at the evening sky ... to where Mars is in the heavens.

                                   RANMA
                   WHISPERED I'll try, Shampoo.  I'll
                   try to be his friend.  BEAT  But
                   it'll never work.

He shakes his head, and walks away, down the corridor, past another closed 
door, which we focus in on.

In TENCHI's quarter's lounge area, SERENITY, ENDYMION, TENCHI, WASHUU, and 
TSUNAMI are sitting around the blazing fireplace, drinking hot cocoa.

                                  TENCHI
                   Well, it's certainly been an
                   interesting visit.

                                 SERENITY
                   Yes ... yes it has.  BEAT  I am
                   glad that you are going to find a
                   place for Kei and Yuri.

                                  TENCHI
                   It's no big deal.  I'd do the same
                   for any of our friend' descendants.

                                  WASHUU
                   It's true.  He has.  Often.  To an
                   annoying degree.

Everyone but TENCHI snickers, while TENCHI gives WASHUU a level glare.

                                  WASHUU
                   But it's a good idea in this case.
                   I'll finally get a chance to observe
                   two Agents of Chaos at close range.

                                 ENDYMION
                   They're Agents of Chaos?  Literally?

                                  WASHUU
                   CONSIDERS Well, once you get away
                   from the idea of Chaos as an entity,
                   and more like a concept ... and
                   understand that they aren't aware of
                   their own nature in this respect,
                   any more than Mihoshi was -- yes,
                   their function in the Universal All
                   is to act as a disruption in certain
                   nexi that have grown too rigid or 
                   "dark".  BEAT  This language isn't
                   ready for this kind of discussion,
                   though, so "Agent of Chaos" is as
                   close as we're going to get.  BEAT
                   And I'm really looking forward to
                   seeing a little applied chaos in the
                   pattern of Jurai ...

TSUNAMI lets out a deep sigh, causing everyone else to chuckle.  SERENITY 
sets down her cup.

                                 SERENITY
                   Well, your Imperial Majesty, it has
                   been a pleasure to share this cocoa
                   with you, but now is the time for
                   all good freed kidnapping victims to
                   hie themselves to bed.

She and ENDYMION rise, accompanied by TENCHI, who escorts them to the 
door.  SERENITY and TENCHI bow to each other just as SERENITY steps out.

                                 SERENITY
                   It's always nice to see you, Tenchi.
                   BEAT But perhaps we should hold 
                   the next reunion on your planet ...
                   in another two hundred years.

                                  TENCHI
                   Sounds like a plan.

SERENITY and ENDYMION exit, and TENCHI closes the door with a smile on his 
face that disintegrates into a fierce frown the minute that he turns to 
look at his wives.

                                  TSUNAMI
                   Now, Tenchi ... We realize that you
                   are upset with the two of us, but --

                                  WASHUU
                   -- we were only doing it because we
                   love you more than you love honor,
                   and --

                                  TENCHI
                   In the name of Jurai, I will punish
                   you.

                          TSUNAMI & WASHUU (sim)
                   What?

                                  TENCHI
                   HARD In my bedroom.  Now.

TSUNAMI and WASHUU stand up and start walking slowly towards the door 
leading to TENCHI's bedchamber, with him following close behind.

                              TSUNAMI (V.O.)
                   Sister, what is he going to do?

                               WASHUU (V.O.)
                   I don't know.  I've never seen him
                   like this.  He could do anything.
                   *Any*thing!

They step through the door, and TENCHI shuts it firmly behind him with the 
sound of the closing of a tomb.  All is in silence for a few minutes.

And then the giggles and laughter start, followed soon by moans and cries.

                              TSUNAMI (V.O.)
                   Oh my!  OOOOHHHH MY!  SISTER!  I
                   didn't think you meant THIS kind of
                   anything!

                               WASHUU (V.O.)
                   Uh! Huhhuhhuh!  I ... I didn't!

                               TENCHI (V.O)
                   You should have ...

                       TSUNAMI & WASHUU (sim) (V.O.)
                   Oh, TENCHI!

Cut to RAYE's house, late evening.  She enters, still dressed in her fuku
and high heels, which she changes to a kimono and slippers the moment that
the door closes.  She stretches, and yawns.

                                   RAYE
                   Any messages?

                              COMPUTER VOICE
                   You have recieved a total of sixty
                   new messages since your last update,
                   bringing your total to one hundred
                   and forty-five unanswered messages.

RAYE visibly winces.

                                   RAYE
                   Five most recent.

                              COMPUTER VOICE
                   Message from Ayeka Masaki, 1830;
                   Message from Admiral Justy Tailor,
                   1825; Message from Amy Mizuno,
                   1543; Message from Shan Pu, 12--

                                   RAYE
                   ALERT Play message from Shan
                   Pu, immediately.

A wall on the side of the entrance hallway turns into a screen, which
displays SHAMPOO's face as a young woman.


                                  SHAMPOO
                   Hello, Raye.  Don't let my looks
                   fool you, I still *feel* like I'm
                   turning into a crone ... but if I'm
                   right, that should pass when I get
                   my connection to the Tao back in
                   order.  That should take a few days.
                   BEAT I'm planning on spending
                   those days here, on Mars ... in
                   meditation, mostly.  BEAT  I made
                   a terrible mistake, Raye.  Quite
                   honestly, I don't know how I'm ever
                   going to make this up to Ranma ...
                   or even if it's *possible* to do
                   so.  BEAT  When I'm back up to
                   max, I'm probably going to start
                   tracking Gennosuke.  I have things
                   to make up to her, as well. BEAT
                   I'm going to send a message like
                   this to Ayeka, too, so you don't
                   have to tell her.  SMILE  Our
                   game is going to be a little more
                   irregular than usual, I guess.
                   BEAT; FROWN There was something
                   else ... OH!  Yeah ... to mess
                   with Ranma's head a bit, I sort
                   of implied that I was going to
                   crawl off and die somewhere. EVIL
                   GRIN Don't let him know that's
                   not the case ... 

She flashes a 'V for victory', and the screen goes blank.

                              COMPUTER VOICE
                   Message ends.  Delete or save?

RAYE is staring at the screen with irritation, amazement, and laughter on
her face.  Finally, she starts to giggle, and moves on to laughter shortly
after that.  After a few moments, she regains control of herself.

                                   RAYE
                   Save.  Definitely save.  BEAT Play
                   most recent message from Ayeka.

AYEKA appears on the screen with a greatly put-upon expression.  She
silently shakes her head, and looks up at the ceiling.

                                  AYEKA
                   Typical.  Exactly what I'd expect
                   from her ... BEAT Which means, of
                   course, that she knows me better
                   than I think ... hmmmmm.

The screen goes blank again, and RAYE smilingly shakes her head, and walks
into her home.

Cut to a corridor.  SERENITY and ENDYMION stroll casually, holding hands.  
As they come to a junction, SERENITY pauses, looking down one of the 
corridors.

                                 SERENITY
                   Dear, it seems that my evening's
                   tasks are not yet finished.  Would
                   you be willing to wait a few minutes
                   more?

                                 ENDYMION
                   Of course.

He raises her hand to his lips, and heads down the other corridor.  She 
smiles as she watches him go, and walks patiently down the opposite 
corridor.  PRISS steps out of an alcove, wearing her usual leathers and an 
angry expression.

                                 SERENITY
                   Good evening, Ms. --

                                   PRISS
                   Save it.  I just want some answers,
                   and then I'm outta here.

SERENITY is silent for a moment, then sighs.

                                 SERENITY
                   Why did you push her away?

                                   PRISS
                   Stay *out* of my mind.

                                 SERENITY
                   As you wish.

                                   PRISS
                   MOCKING I suppose she was my "one
                   true destined love" ...

                                 SERENITY
                   No, just a chance at happiness.

                                   PRISS
                   Yeah, right.  BEAT  I want to know
                   ... about my dream.

                                 SERENITY
                   It is based, in part, on events that
                   occured in your twelfth year ... and
                   yes, I was there.

SERENITY's eyes are far away.

                                 SERENITY
                   I told you that I was in Tokyo on
                   the day of Second Kanto, and in the
                   wake of its passage as well.  I 
                   walked through the devastation, and 
                   I wept for those who had lost their
                   lives.  That is how it came to pass 
                   that I discovered a young girl,
                   twelve years old, with eyes ... that
                   reminded me of another scared little
                   girl.  BEAT  I destroyed a boomer 
                   that might have maimed you or given 
                   you a serious injury, gathered you 
                   up, and took you to a survivor camp 
                   that was run by competent workers.
                   BEAT And as I carried you, I told
                   you that ...

                                   PRISS
                   "It's going to be all right."  A big
                   fat fucking lie.

                                 SERENITY
                   BLINKS No.  I said "I will make
                   it all right." BEAT I believed
                   that taking you to the shelter would
                   accomplish this.  BEAT  I was
                   mistaken.  And that is why you are
                   here, now, Priss.  Because I will
                   keep my promise to you, no matter
                   what.

                                   PRISS
                   Why don't I remember any of this?

                                 SERENITY
                   I placed a mild forgetfulness effect
                   on you, to make you forget my face
                   and features. BEAT I did not judge
                   correctly the depth of your trauma.
                   An electrical accident a few weeks
                   later only compounded the damage.
                   These are the origins of the near-
                   total amnesia about your childhood 
                   that plagues you --

                                   PRISS
                   And the later mindmessing only made
                   it worse, I know all th--

                                 SERENITY
                   No.  BEAT I stated that the later
                   memory-editing "seemed" to parallel
                   the damage, causing it to be lost
                   forever.  And indeed, it does appear
                   that way without closer examination.
                   And I have had a chance to examine 
                   your mind more completely --

                                   PRISS
                   Stay OUT.

                                 SERENITY
                   -- several hours ago.  BEAT Priss,
                   the reason that you do not remember
                   the years between 2034 and 2041 is
                   that you do not *want* to remember
                   them, subconsciously.

                                   PRISS
                   What?  Why?

SERENITY shakes her head, sadly.

                                 SERENITY
                   I can only guess.  BEAT  When you
                   were brought out of coldsleep, you
                   were given a mild rejuvenation,
                   shaving perhaps seven or eight years
                   off your age.  You may be unready to
                   have certain memories that you have
                   associated with being a certain age.
                   But I do not know, beyond the fact
                   that the only one who can set your
                   mind free is you yourself.

                                   PRISS
                   STUNNNED How?

SERENITY shakes her head, sadly.

                                   PRISS
                   What are you?

SERENITY turns away.

                                 SERENITY
                   A long time ago ... there was a very
                   small girl named Serena, who had two
                   spirits, living in symbiosis. BEAT
                   One day ... in a horrible battle ...
                   Serena was killed.  BEAT  One of
                   her spirits went on to whatever fate
                   awaits those who have died.  The
                   other ... became a goddess.  BEAT
                   But perhaps you do not understand.
                   The gods and goddesses of this cosm
                   are not its masters.  We are only
                   tools for its maintenance, employed
                   by ... greater powers.

SERENITY turns back, and her eyes are glowing a gleaming silver.

                                 SERENITY
                   What am I, Priscilla Serena Asagiri?
                   I am the moon.  I am a reflected
                   light, guiding mankind through this
                   dark night ... a night that now, at
                   last, approaches its end, with the
                   coming of morning.  BEAT And of
                   morning mist.

PRISS stares ... and then gapes.

                                   PRISS
                   "Morning mist?"  But ... but that's
                   my --

                                 SERENITY
                   A coincidence.  Perhaps.  BEAT  If
                   you wish to go, Priss, you may do 
                   so.  If you believe that you will be
                   happier elsewhere, I urge you to 
                   leave.

                                   PRISS
                   I don't ... SHAKES HEAD I don't
                   know what I am or what I want,
                   anymore ... I was born to be a
                   fighter, but --

                                 SERENITY
                   No.  BEAT  You were not.  You
                   *became* a warrior through unkind
                   twists of fate ... you were born to
                   be one of the greatest poets and
                   musicians of your age.  Bear that in
                   mind when you make your decisions.
                   BEAT  I also urge you to forgive 
                   Lady Jupiter.  She is correct in one
                   respect, at least -- you and she 
                   have a great deal in common.  BEAT
                   And Nene Romanova would not enjoy 
                   seeing two of her friends fight,
                   even after she was gone, I think.

She turns to go, then pauses.

                                 SERENITY
                   And thank you for saving the world.

PRISS gapes.

                                   PRISS
                   WHAT?

                                 SERENITY
                   "Who saves one life in time saves
                   all the world."  BEAT  Had you
                   decided *not* to warn Yuri of the 
                   danger that she faced, the man who
                   called himself Smithers would have
                   killed her to prevent her from
                   possibly killing me.  With her
                   partner dead, there would have been
                   nothing for Kei to live for, and
                   she would quite probably have gone
                   berserk, and so killed me, you, the
                   Deacon ... and everyone else in the
                   temple.  It was wired to explode,
                   but you didn't know that ...

PRISS looks a bit ill.

                                 SERENITY
                   And then Raye -- in grief and rage 
                   at my death -- would have set loose
                   the Senshi of Destruction before her
                   time.  BEAT  And the world would
                   have died.  And the darkness would
                   last forever.

SERENITY pauses, and seems to be looking over PRISS' shoulder.

                                 SERENITY
                   So I would say that she saved the
                   world, wouldn't you?

                               PLUTO (O.S.)
                   So it would seem.

PRISS whirls, and sees PLUTO, a tall, tanned woman with long greenish- 
black hair and dark red eyes, in a Sailor Senshi uniform, carrying a long 
staff with a heart set atop it.

                                   PRISS
                   Oh, great.  Another one.  What are
                   you, Lady Asteroid Belt?

                                   PLUTO
                   No.  My name is Pluto.

                                 SERENITY
                   SMILING I will leave you two to
                   your discussion ...

SERENITY walks out of sight as PRISS watches her go.

                                   PLUTO
                   If you would please give me your
                   hand, we can begin.

PRISS turns to look at her.

                                   PRISS
                   Begin what?

Unconsciously, she reaches out her left hand towards PLUTO, who takes it 
in her own.

                                   PLUTO
                   The process of giving you your
                   reward.

Grasping her staff tightly, PLUTO slams its butt into the floor.  They 
disappear.
          
Cut to a balcony.  AYEKA leans against the railing, looking at the setting 
sun.  RYOUKO walks up to the railing, and stands beside her.  They speak 
without looking at each other.

                                   AYEKA
                   I thought that you were sleeping.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Who can sleep with *that* going on
                   next door?

AYEKA nods.

                                  RYOUKO
                   So ... we're gonna start powering up
                   the Throneship tomorrow morning ...
                   so that we can leave the day after.

                                   AYEKA
                   I see.

                                  RYOUKO
                   I take it that you won't be coming
                   back with us?

                                   AYEKA
                   No ... I still have work to do here.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Someone else could do it.

                                   AYEKA
                   Would you trust someone else to
                   guard Tenchi from harm?

RYOUKO is silent.

                                   AYEKA
                   Then it would seem that we're at an
                   impasse.

She turns and begins to walk, slowly, to the exit.

                                  RYOUKO
                   You want me to say it, don't you?

AYEKA pauses.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Fine.  You dragged it out of me.  I.
                   Miss.  You.  BEAT  It's been over
                   two hundred years since I've seen
                   you face to face and I missed you
                   almost all of that time.

                                   AYEKA
                   Ryouko ...

                                  RYOUKO
                   Okay!  You win.  Here it is -- I l--

                                   AYEKA
                   very fast When I supposed to meet
                   you I slipped into Tenchi's bed to
                   sleep with him.

RYOUKO is stunned.

                                   AYEKA
                   I tricked you.  Ho ho!  Aren't I
                   evil?  BEAT  Well, off I go.

She starts lightly running for the exit.  RYOUKO stares after her, her jaw 
down as far as it can go.  Then understanding dawns in her eyes.

                                  RYOUKO
                   GROWL AYEKA!!!!

She dashes off after her.

Cut to a misty void, but a different misty void than SERENITY was in 
earlier.  PRISS and PLUTO appear, and PRISS immediately releases her grip 
on PLUTO's hand when she realizes what's happened.

                                   PRISS
                   Where the hell am I now?

                                   PLUTO
                   Any answer I could give you to that
                   question would be meaningless to
                   y--

                                   PRISS
                   Try.  Please?

PLUTO glares at her, and then begins speaking quickly and fluidly in a 
language that sounds like it might be the common ancestor of all human 
linguistic families.  She comes to a conclusion, and pauses.

                                   PLUTO
                   Satisfied?

                                   PRISS
                   What *was* that --

                                   PLUTO
                   The language which my mother's race
                   spoke.  It was known as Solenoid.
                   BEAT  But that is neither here nor
                   there.  BEAT Some say virtue is 
                   its own reward.  I have rarely found
                   that to be the case ... as often as
                   not, people who do the right thing 
                   come out of it feeling lousy. BEAT
                   You have done the right thing quite
                   a bit of late, Priscilla Asagiri.
                   Ask anything, and it can be granted 
                   --

                                   PRISS
                   Even --

                                   PLUTO
                   -- so long as it does not violate
                   the integrity of the timeline.

PRISS' face falls.

                                   PRISS
                   Lemme guess, bringing back the dead
                   falls under that heading.

                                   PLUTO
                   Yes.  Nene Romanova has met her end,
                   just as Linna Yamazaki also did,
                   many years after that.

                                   PRISS
                   And Sylia blew herself up when she
                   nuked Genom tower.

PRISS sighs, and looks down at her feet.

                                   PLUTO
                   Did she?

PRISS looks up with a startled expression on her face, as PLUTO swirls her 
staff around in a circle several times, then brings it to a halt, holding 
it out along her arm, and then giving it a half twist, as though to turn a 
key.  A glowing portal appears at the end of the staff.

                                   PLUTO
                   Beyond this gate of time lies the
                   city of Megatokyo, in the year
                   2041.  BEAT  Two days have passed
                   since the final mission of the
                   Knight Sabres, and Sylia Stingray 
                   has made her suicidal choice.  You
                   shall have a single chance to save 
                   her life, and shall face grave risks
                   without --

Before PLUTO can say another word, PRISS *flings* herself through the 
portal, disappearing.  PLUTO blinks.

                                   PLUTO
                   Why do they *never* listen to the
                   complete explanation?

PLUTO sighs, and turns away ...

And PRISS' hand streaks out of the portal to blindly grab the end of her 
staff.  Startled, PLUTO watches as PRISS drags herself, and SYLIA STINGRAY 
-- who is unconscious and dressed in the tattered remnants of a business 
suit -- through the portal, pausing only long enough to let out a short 
scream.

                                   PRISS
                   CLOSE IT!!!!!

PRISS lands, cradling SYLIA's body against her, a few feet away from the 
gate.  PLUTO stares at her, oddly.  An unbelievably bright light flashes 
from the portal, and PLUTO dispels it.

                                   PLUTO
                   Ah.  That.  BEAT  The portal was
                   sealed against dangerous radiation.
                   You needn't have worried.

                                   PRISS
                   BREATHING HEAVIL Oh.  BEAT
                   That's good ...

PLUTO stares at them, shakes her head.

                                   PLUTO
                   HEAVY Heroes.

But then, unexpectedly, she smiles at them with a surprisingly soft 
expression, and says a few words in that language again.  This time, 
subtitles are provided.

                                 SUBTITLE
                   AND SO THE ETERNAL STORY ENDS.  WELL
                   DONE ... SOLENOIDS.

She taps the butt of her staff against the surface beneath her feet, and 
it dissolves, leaving PRISS holding SYLIA, lying on the ground before the 
Knight Sabres memorial.

PRISS looks around for a moment, then finally gets a good look at SYLIA.  
Her face has a few more worry lines around the eyes and mouth.  SYLIA's 
eyes slowly open.  Her expression is initially one of bleak acceptance, 
changing swiftly to shock as she sees PRISS looking down at her.

                                   SYLIA
                   Priss?  BEAT  What are you doing 
                   in hell?

                                   PRISS
                   SHAKES HEAD This ain't hell, 
                   Sylia.

SYLIA looks around, with confusion on her face.

                                   SYLIA
                   Has some momentous mistake happened,
                   to let me into heaven?

PRISS is right on the verge of tears as she shakes her head again.

                                   PRISS
                   This isn't heaven *or* hell ...

                                   SYLIA
                   Then where are we?

And then PRISS can't hold back anymore, and grabs SYLIA, pulling her into 
a tight hug, as the tears begin to flow freely.

                                   PRISS
                   We're at the end Sylia.  This is our
                   happy ending.

                                   SYLIA
                   We are?  It is?  BEAT  Are you
                   sure?

PRISS leans back, still holding onto SYLIA, to look into her eyes.

                                   PRISS
                   Yeah.  BEAT It's going to be all
                   right.  I promise ...

And then PRISS realizes where she's heard those words before, and whose 
voice she was hearing in her dream.

Her own.

                                   PRISS
                   It's got to be okay, right?  BEAT
                   We're together again.

And then she gently, firmly, and passionately kisses SYLIA full on the 
lips.  SYLIA's eyes widen ... then slowly close.

We start to pull back from them, leaving them together in the full 
moonlight.

                               WASHUU (V.O.)
                   Admit it, you're a softy.

                               PLUTO (V.O.)
                   In certain cases, yes.

                               WASHUU (V.O.)
                   Just certain cases, huh?

                                NENE (V.O.)
                   Oh, give it a rest!  Does it matter
                   why she brought them together?  They
                   are, and they make a cute couple, so
                   that's what counts.

                        PLUTO & WASHUU (sim) (V.O.)
                   Bug off, youth.

There is the clear and unmistakable noise of a raspberry being blown.

                      KASUMI & BELLDANDY (sim) (V.O.)
                   Oh dear ...

Cut to a shot of SERENITY walking to her bedroom.  She opens the door, 
turns to look directly at the camera ... and winks.  Then she goes in and 
closes the door.

                                  THE END

                       OP Theme: "Sugao no Spytachi"
                             (Spies Uncovered)
                                      
         Lyrics: Okada Fumiko * Music and Arrangement: Seo Ichizoo
                      Performed by: Priss Asagiri, 2937

                                      
Monochrome no hitomi               Monochrome eyes...
Ai no deai wa deja vu.             love's first meeting is deja vu.
Umareru mae no kioku               Memories from before birth
high-speed de playback.            play back at high speed.
Yozora ni klaxon no                In the night sky, the klaxon
hanabi ga chitta.                  fireworks have broken up.
Fushigi tomaru toiki               It's strange... my sigh stops...
heart no bell ga naru yo           my heart's bell rings.

Spy no yoo ni cool ni              Like a spy, cooly,
hold me tight.                     Hold me tight
Karadagoto yume o rock shite.      Rock my dreams together with my body
Futari dake no gravia.             A photo of just us two
Sugao no roman.                    A romance with no lies.

Tricolor no egao                   A tricolor smile... 
mirror ni utsuru deja vu.          deja vu reflected in the mirror.
Tokimeku senaka awase              Quivering backs together
jumon no yoo ni I need you.        Like a spell I need you
Accel fumitsuzukete                Standing on the accelerator, 
doko made iku no.                  where are you going?
Yokan mawaru binetsu               A premonition... a swirling fever...
suhada ga natsu o yobu yo.         my bare skin calls to Summer.
                         
Spy no yoo ni hot ni               Like a spy, hotly 
hold me tight.                     hold me tight
Tsuyogatteita wa kinoo made.       I'd been pretending until yesterday.
Odoridashita scenario.             A scenario that danced out.
Sugao no roman.                    A romance with no lies.

               I know a place we can go to get love.
               I know a place we can go to get love.
                    
Spy no yoo ni cool ni              Like a spy, cooly,
hold me tight.                     Hold me tight
Karadagoto yume o rock shite.      Rock my dreams together with my body
Futari dake no gravia.             A photo of just us two
Sugao no roman.                    A romance with no lies.
Spy no yoo ni hot ni               Like a spy, hotly 
hold me tight.                     hold me tight
Tsuyogatteita wa kinoo made.       I'd been pretending until yesterday.
Odoridashita scenario.             A scenario that danced out.
Sugao no roman.                    A romance with no lies.

            The Vocal Cast of Together Again:  2937 Chapter

Neo-Queen Serenity .......... Terri Hawkes
Lady Mars / Raye ............ Katie Griffin
Lady Jupiter / Lita ......... Susan Roman
Lady Mercury / Amy .......... Karen Bernstein
Lady Venus / Mina ........... Stephanie Morgenstern
Ranma Saotome(male) ......... Sarah Strange
Ranma Saotome(female) ....... Venus Terzo
Akane Tendou ................ Myriam Sirois
Shampoo ..................... Cathy Weseluck
Ukyou Kuonji ................ Kelly Sheridan
Gennosuke Kuonji ............ Kelly Sheridan
Ryouga Hibiki ............... Mike Donovan
Prince Endymion ............. Toby Proctor 
Luna ........................ Jill Frappier
Artemis ..................... Ron Ruben
Sailor Pluto ................ Sabrina Grdevich
Priss Asagiri ............... Alannah Myles
Sylia Stingray .............. Sean Young
Nene Romanova ............... Renee O'Connor
Tenchi Masaki ............... M. "Kermit" Miller 
Ryouko Masaki ............... Petrea Burchard 
Ayeka Masaki ................ Jennifer Darling
Washuu Masaki ............... K.T. Vogt 
Tsunami Masaki .............. Sherry Lynn
Mihoshi Kuramitsu ........... Ellen Gerstell 
Kei ......................... Lara Cody
Yuri ........................ Wendee Lee
Noa Izumi ................... [Miina Tominaga]
Shinji ...................... [Megumi Ogata]
Kiichi Goto ................. [Ryunosuke Ohbayashi]
Asuma Shinohara ............. [Toshio Furukawa]
Sheila Tenkai ............... Nikki Purvis
Trakal ...................... Ed Wasser
Matisse dal Cassio .......... Marco de la Cruz
Dean Bairessey .............. Ben Cantrick
Chief / Archdeacon .......... Harry Shearer
Smithers .................... Harry Shearer
Michael Ordene .............. Harry Shearer
Catty ....................... [Naoko Watanabe]
Nuriko ...................... Rachel Herndon
Dzartenkin .................. William Forward
Megumi Morisato ............. Amanda Spivey
Johnny Raiden ............... Mel Gibson
Ryouko Mizuno ............... Venus Terzo
Ritsuko Urawa ............... Karen Bernstein
Belldandy ................... Juliet Cesario
Kasumi Tendou ............... Willow Johnson
Aethan DeGales .............. Michael Crawford





------------------------------------------------------------------------


Author's Notes 
(or "It's Done! AHAHHAHAHA!") 

If it is a mistake to put the cart before the horse, it is an even bigger one to write the author's notes before the story is done. While I can, at this point (0830, 10 June 1997) see the light at the end of the tunnel, it remains to be seen whether it is the exit or an oncoming train. 

However, if I am tired now, how will I feel when the story *is* done, and it would be time to do the author's notes? 

Hell with it. 

As the credits for each of the five acts have indicated, this story is dedicated to Ben "Gryphon" Hutchins, Megazone, and Rob "ReRob" Mandeville, the initial creators of the Ur-Megacrossover, "Undocumented Features". Astute readers will have noted a handful of tongue-in-cheek references to this ultimate Megacrossover/Self-Insertion fic ... it was an effort to avoid naming one of the RSF Supercarriers "Wandering Son" (and yes, by the way, we *will* see more of the Crystal Kingdom Royal Space Force ... there's a sidestory planned to illustrate its workings, which will also be my Gainax tribute story.) I'd also like to thank Kris "Redneck" Overstreet, Eyrie Productions' major representative on the FFML, for not lambasting me for writing a work of this magnitude in script format, and Martin "PCHammer" Rose, for *almost* bringing a certain odango atama into the Undocumented Features universe ... and for writing *damn* fine stories in the process. 

Inspirations Divided By Section: 



Sailor Moon: Credit for giving me the idea of writing about what Crystal Tokyo will be like goes to Alexander "Andy" Combs, who is also "my" RAAC moderator ... I think I may have that backwards, and I'm one of "his" writers. Ah well. He wrote one of the first *really* good SM fanfics I read, "Rabbit Test", which was probably the first story to try and deal with the Crystal Tokyo setting from a less than "Everything is idyllic" standpoint. 


Ranma 1/2: It's not obvious here, probably, but I have drawn on all of my favorite "Ranma and Akane's future life together" stories to create my vision of the future of the cast. In particular, "Thy Inward Love" by Richard Lawson, "Bitter End" by James Bateman aka Zen, and "Ranma 2096" by Chris Willmore and co. Read 'em. They're good. 


Bubble Gum Crisis: Priss and Sylia's relationship troubles come out of a misinterpretation I made of a comment by Jeanne Hedge, so it's all her fault. (Joke! Joke!) 


Dirty Pair: I became fascinated with Kei and Yuri not through animation or "Amerimanga", but through Ryan Mathews' and Larry Mann's fanfic, especially "Reunions" and "The Ballad of Lord Robin". As with Mr. Mathews', I have shamelessly stolen from both of the sources of Dirty Pair lore -- the anime and Adam Warrens -- to create their part of the story. 


Mobile Police Patlabor: This is awkward to admit. After I wrote Noa's flashback, I realized what I was doing ... in at least two stories that I've seen, "Angel of Light" and "Dance of Shiva", the 2nd Unit comes out of retirement in the BGC period to save the day (or help, at least). My problem with this is one of realism ... they'll be pushing *60* in the 2030s, and unless sneaky and underhanded ways are developed to give them an additional edge (which is sort of in genre) that's no good for people going into combat. I realized that I was responding to this and to a comic book trend, very popular in the seventies and early eighties, and beginning to come back into use now, of bringing back "Golden Age" characters (characters that were around, either in their respective "universes" or in reality, during the 1930s and 40s) and ignoring or downplaying the effects of aging on them. Sure, Noa will always be young at heart ... but her reflexes aren't going to be as sharp as they were when she was 21! Unless, of course, the rumors are true and she really is a proto-NewType ... 


Tenchi Muyou: My ideas about who Tenchi'll marry eventually are more or less unique ... (no, Sean, you didn't inspire me to do it when you implied that having him marry Washuu if Ryouko and Ayeka went skipping off together hand in hand would be a bad idea ...) Ryan Mathews has kindly given me permission to use the name he invented for Mihoshi's species, the Kizarkans, in "Tenchi Muyou: Star of Jurai". (And making Mihoshi related to Kei is something of a nod in Mr. Mathews' direction as well ...) 


Gall Force: I liked Rhea Gall Force. It was a very pretty film. It didn't have any continuity with the events of the third OAV, aside from the line about "the cycle of prosperity and destruction". So, while I have combined the Gorm uprising with Adam Warren's "Nanoclysm" with David Pulver's "Reign of Steel" game world, I have basically ignored Rhea Gall Force and everything that followed it. So yes, Sheila *is* Rabby and Priss *is* Lufy. Sylia *is* Shildy. Mackie *was* Patty. :) 


Hmm ... what else to talk about. I know! Let's discuss -- 

Ten Ways to Tell
that
You've Spent
Too Much Time Writing A Fanfic
and
Not Enough Time Sleeping 



1. You write a list like this one. 


2. You realize that you are unable to resist the temptation to wander around with an insane grin on your face, and that you don't really *want* to resist the temptation ... 


3. Someone makes a joke about having done so much research for your story that you must be having lots of dreams about the characters ... and you wonder what a dream is. 


4. When taking a break, you accidentally discover a web page about a series that you haven't incorporated into the megacrossover that you're writing, and spend the next several hours looking up everything there is on the series. 


5. You start to view people as characters in a story ... and are strongly tempted to reveal yourself as an otaku avatar and start solving their problems with your omnipotent might. 


6. Who is Number 1? 2. You are Number 6. 


7. You make really obscure jokes in the story that nobody gets. And if you're really making sleep into a foreign country, you make really obscure jokes in the List afterwards. 


8. You realize that you look like a composite of the main characters of "Otaku no Video" ... and remembering what happens to them at the end, the thought is strangely pleasing. 


9. You start going through Usenet looking for sigs you don't like. 


10. On learning that a distant associate of yours is a very capable anime-style artist, your first impulse is to ask if she's interested in doing a dojinshi based on your story. 


Something else ... 

Oh yes ... one of my readers commented that it was "strange to think of all this mecha in Crystal Tokyo". Well there's a pair of simple reasons for the mecha in this time period. 

One: I really like mecha. 

Two: I really hate spacefighters. 

So, since the dominant naval combat paradigm right now, which will probably also be the dominant spacial combat paradigm, seems to be carrier-based operations -- fighters launching from ships that don't have a lot of heavy arnament of their own, although some *fictional* carriers have a Really Big Gun (the Superdimensional Fortress Macross, for instance) -- instead of battleship-based ones (think of the Enterprise ... it's got a lot of VERY powerful weaponry for an exploration vessel), I needed fighter craft. 

And I hate spacefighters. Well, ones that look like any kind of *aircraft*, anyway. So instead, fighter combat in the Crystal Tokyo era, and most of this part of the galaxy at this time, is based on combat between humanoid robotic war machines. (Patiently ignores complaints by his rational brain that mecha are *less* realistic than aerospace fighters.) 

Take a deep breath, ladies and gents ... here comes the disclaimer. 

Sailor Moon was created by Naoko Takeuchi and brought to North America by DiC. Ranma 1/2 was created by Rumiko Takahashi and brought to North America by Viz Entertainment. Tenchi Muyou was created by Hiroki Hayashi and Masaki Kajishima and brought to North America by Pioneer LDC. The Dirty Pair was created by Haruka Takachiro and brought to North America by Streamline Entertainment. Mobile Police Patlabor was created by Yuuki Masami and brought to North America by U.S. Manga Corps and Manga Entertainment. Bubblegum Crisis was created by Suzuki Toshimichi and brought to North America by AnimEigo. Gall Force was created by Hideki Kakinuma and brought to North America by U.S. Manga Corps. Oh My Goddess was created by Kosuke Fujishima and brought to North America by AnimEigo. Fushigi Yuugi was created by Yuu Watase. Mobile Suit Gundam was created by Tomino Yoshiyuki. This story, while incorporating elements from the aforementioned films and magazines and probably others as well, which are held under copyright by others, is copyright 1997 by Chris Davies. 

Nobody Sue Me Okay? 

Together Again: 2937 Chapter, 06/26/97