



                                 INTERLUDE

Establishing Shot:  A tombstone marked:

                               SAOTOME AKANE
                                1977 - 2062
                          Beloved Wife and Mother
                        "Where she was, was Eden."

A man's hand places a bouquet of red carnations in front of the tombstone,
and traces out the symbols in the name.  Suddenly, the hand stops.

                               V.O. (RANMA)
                   He was here.    Why?

                              SHAMPOO (O.S.)
                   Husband.  We need to talk.

The hand clenches for a moment.  The view changes to show SHAMPOO, who is
wearing a beige trench coat over her uniform.

                               RANMA (O.S.)
                   I have exactly nothing to say to you
                   Shan Pu.  I told you, when last we
                   spoke, that we no longer lived in
                   the same world.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   And I had every intention to respec--

                               RANMA (O.S.)
                   Respect?  Shampoo, if you had *ever*
                   respected me, you would've kept your
                   word when you said "We'll never meet
                   again" to me.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   This is not the time to drag out old
                   grudges --

                               RANMA (O.S.)
                   You're right, I shouldn't be forever
                   hateful towards you because you just
                   stood and watched while the Ghoul
                   beat Ucchan to death.

SHAMPOO is trying to keep her temper and not succeeding very well.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Ukyou issued the challenge, h--
                   Ranma.  I would not have interfered
                   either way.

                               RANMA (O.S.)
                   Probably not -- either way, you came
                   out the winner, didn'tcha?  One way
                   you get rid of Cologne, so that your
                   claim to the Joketsuzoku leadership
                   is unquestioned -- and the other,
                   you get rid of Ukyou.  I'd almost
                   suspect that you engineered the
                   whole thing, but you're not nearly
                   smart enough to have done that.

SHAMPOO is right at the boiling point.  Her voice is very strained.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Ranma, I have come here to tell you
                   something IMPORTANT.

                               RANMA (O.S.)
                   That's nice.  I'm not going to pay
                   any attention to you.  Tell me what
                   it is so I can leave.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Ryouga --

                               RANMA (O.S.)
                   -- is in Tokyo, and he wants a
                   rematch, sorry, not interested, just
                   passing through, bye.

We see a pair of slippered feet walking away from SHAMPOO, who is shaking
in anger.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   WHISPERED Ranma no baka.

In a blink of an eye, SHAMPOO is caught in a single handed grip around her
neck, another hand is held up and is glowing with his battle aura.
RANMA's voice is tight with cold fury.

                               RANMA (O.S.)
                   If you ever, ever, ever say those
                   words to me again I will *forget*
                   that I swore to never kill again,
                   Shampoo.

SHAMPOO, although her face clearly expresses the pain that she's in,
manages to swivel so that she lands an ankle blow into RANMA's side,
startling him enough that his grip around her neck loosens, and allowing
her to slip free.  She jumps backwards, landing several feet away, in a
ready stance, with one of her bonbori slipping out of the arm of her
trenchcoat.

                               RANMA (O.S.)
                   Just out of curiousity, if I beat
                   you again is that grounds for
                   divorce?

SHAMPOO is breathing heavily.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Ranma!  Shampoo not come here to
                   fight with you.  Shampoo come to
                   tell Ranma what you *not* know!

                               RANMA (O.S.)
                   Reverting to type?  What don't I
                   know?

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Shampoo thinks Ryouga working with
                   your daughter!

                       An Inevitable Outcome Feature

                           Written and Directed
                           by C. Richard Davies

                              TOGETHER AGAIN

                               2937 Chapter

                           Based on the works of
                     Naoko Takeuchi, Rumiko Takahashi,
                   Suzuki Toshimichi, Haruka Takachiho,
                       Hiroki Hayashi, Yuuki Masami,
                    and various interpretations therof.

                Dedicated to Gryphon, MegaZone, and ReRob.

                                 Act III


Establishing Shot:  A tidy living room, with lots of Sailor Senshi
memorabilia decorating the walls.  Centered on the wall above the couch is
a blown up photograph of Mina, Lita, Amy, and Raye standing around Serena
and Darien on their wedding day.  The sliding door opens up, and SHEILA
walks in, looking tired.

                                  SHEILA
                   Mom?

                              JUPITER (O.S.)
                   I'm in the kitchen!

SHEILA drops the video camera she's been toting around on the couch, and
heads over to the swinging kitchen door.  In the kitchen, JUPITER (dressed
in casual clothes, an apron, and oven gloves) is cooking up a storm --
desserts of all sorts line the counter, in various stages of mixing and
cooling.  She pauses to look smilingly at SHEILA.

                                  JUPITER
                   Hi, sweety.  BEAT  I guess you
                   heard?

                                  SHEILA
                   One of my friends in the Checker
                   Club told me as soon as the list got
                   there.  One million names!  How?

                                  JUPITER
                   Probably the various groups that are
                   trying to get this thing through
                   called in all their favours -- and
                   you can be pretty sure that they've
                   got their butts covered.  Nobody on
                   that list is going to be ineligible
                   to vote -- having the Department go
                   to work is just buying us some time,
                   really.

                                  SHEILA
                   Time that you're spending making
                   brownies?

                                  JUPITER
                   SHRUGS Raye fences.  Amy does her
                   yoga.  I cook.  Don't ask me how
                   Serenity deals with stress, because
                   I don't know.

SHEILA picks up one of the cooling dishes, and takes a bite.

                                  SHEILA
                   Um.  Major chocolate hit.  So what
                   happens now?

                                  JUPITER
                   SIGH Now Serenity and Lord Tenchi
                   have a private strategy session to
                   decide what to do if the vote goes
                   against us.  Which is why I'm here,
                   instead of watching over her like I
                   should be.

The buzzer on the oven sounds, and JUPITER heads over to take a tray of
cookies out of the oven, while simultaneously sliding in a cake pan.

                                  SHEILA
                   Do you think it will?  Go against
                   the alliance, I mean?

                                  JUPITER
                   SHAKES HEAD No idea, Sheila, none.
                   Each of the five times that Ordene
                   and his cronies have brought a
                   petition to junk Serenity in favor
                   of an elected President, the vote
                   has gotten a little bit closer to
                   even.  This isn't, in the minds of
                   the voters, as big an issue as that.
                   But all we can do is get the truth
                   out as much as possible, and hope
                   they do the right thing.

                                  SHEILA
                   Without meaning to sound cynical,
                   what is the truth this time?

                                  JUPITER
                   That if Jurai, the largest planetary
                   confederation in the galaxy, steps
                   away from Earth, we'll be assailed
                   by "warm invitations" to join the
                   various local groups ... and if we
                   should choose to ignore or refuse
                   all those offers, the invitations
                   will get cooler.  And sooner or
                   later they'll stop *being* requests,
                   and start being orders.  BEAT And
                   then there will be war, and we'll
                   lose.

SHEILA swallows.

                                  SHEILA
                   Even with our four new super-
                   carriers and Space Battleship
                   Mihoshi?

                                  JUPITER
                   Dear, the Centauri Republic has
                   over three hundred carriers of the
                   same class as the Enterprise, the
                   Yamato, the Macroix, and the Skylark
                   -- along with enough Mobile Suits to
                   blot out the sun.  And the Centauri
                   aren't the largest confederation --
                   just the closest, and the one with
                   the most ties to the other Solar
                   governments.

                                  SHEILA
                   Then WHY?  Why are these people
                   being so blind?  I just don't --

                                  JUPITER
                   Because the Jurains aren't human,
                   and there's enough xenophobia left
                   in humanity to lead them to think
                   that an alliance with any human
                   power is better than one with a
                   non-human one.  Because it's a way
                   to challenge Serenity's authority
                   without appearing disloyal.  And
                   for some of them, because they're
                   *so* loyal to Serenity that they
                   can't stand the implication that she
                   might *need* support from outsiders.

                                  SHEILA
                   You mean --

                                  JUPITER
                   One of the first five names on the
                   petition was the current Archdeacon
                   of the Cult of Serenity. BEAT
                   People can be blind when it comes to
                   things they feel strongly about.
                   BEAT Well, that cake's going to be
                   a while.  Aside from everything, how
                   did your day go?

SHEILA is lost in thought, and seems reluctant to reply.  JUPITER begins
to chop up some carrots.

                                  SHEILA
                   I ... met someone interesting.

                                  JUPITER
                   Who?

                                  SHEILA
                   PAUSE Priscilla Asagiri.

JUPITER pauses in her chopping, then resumes with a calm expression.

                                  JUPITER
                   Really?

                                  SHEILA
                   Mom ... she said that you ...

                                  JUPITER
                   Sheila, Priscilla Asagiri is a very
                   bad person.  A long time ago, she
                   did something so horrible that I
                   don't want to talk about it.  I was
                   against the idea of allowing her to
                   come out of cryosleep, and I would
                   just as soon see her put back for
                   the rest of eternity.  BEAT But if
                   you want to have her as a friend, I
                   will not stop you.  But I'm only
                   going to warn you once -- she is an
                   unreliable person, and if you trust
                   her, I think she'll betray you.  Do
                   not bring her home.

JUPITER has cut the carrots into a thousand thin slices, and her knife has
been thunking into the cutting board for some time now.  She abruptly
realizes this, and stops.

                                  SHEILA
                   Mom ...

JUPITER does not look up as she speaks, instead sliding the sliced carrots
into a bowl.

                                  JUPITER
                   I only want what's best for you,
                   daughter.  But I've long since
                   realized that I can't protect you
                   from everything.  BEAT Just don't
                   bring her home.

SHEILA opens her mouth, then closes it, and nods.

                                  SHEILA
                   Would it be okay if I crashed here?
                   I don't want to go back to my pad
                   this late.

JUPITER looks up, and smiles.

                                  JUPITER
                   Of course, sweety.

Cut to SERENITY's throne room.  SERENITY is seated on her throne with her
fingers steepled, while TENCHI holds the large folder in his hands and
reads it.  Finally, TENCHI closes the folder with a frustrated expression.

                                  TENCHI
                   And there's no way to stop it?

                                 SERENITY
                   None.  By noon, the Department of
                   Examinations will have confirmed
                   that it is a valid petition.  And
                   tomorrow, the vote begins.

                                  TENCHI
                   I can't believe that you didn't give
                   yourself *some* power of veto ...
                   for foreign affairs, at the very
                   least.

                                 SERENITY
                   I have an absolute power of veto,
                   Tenchi.  BEAT  But each time that
                   I have exercised that power over an
                   issue of this significance, another
                   petition has been immediately formed
                   to have me removed from the throne.

                                  TENCHI
                   But if you exercised the veto *now*,
                   we'd have more breathing --

SERENITY shakes her head.

                                 SERENITY
                   They will undoubtably have drawn up
                   a petition, incorporating all of the
                   names, asking for my resignation "in
                   light of my manifest disregard for
                   the wishes of the people".  Of
                   course, those who have no desire to
                   see me removed but who have made
                   common cause with those who *do*,
                   will doubtless have been assured
                   that it is only a device to compel
                   my compliance with the `real' issue.
                   SIGH

                                  TENCHI
                   DISGUSTED Timocracy.  I don't
                   pretend to understand what you were
                   thinking of when you came up with
                   this system, Serenity.  Nobody
                   questions *my* decrees.

                                 SERENITY
                   MILD No, but if a powerful noble
                   disagrees with them, he will simply
                   leave court, and pretend that you
                   and indeed the rest of the universe
                   does not exist.  And if he is a
                   sufficiently powerful noble, his
                   refusal to have his family engage in
                   commerce with other parts of the
                   empire can prove financially
                   disastrous for both sides in the
                   dispute.  HARD  What was I
                   thinking of?  I was thinking of the
                   people of Earth, many of whom had
                   fought a war on my behalf, against
                   autocratic tyrants whose acts would
                   make your blood run cold if I were
                   to describe them.  Would you like to
                   hear about the fascinating practices
                   involving salvaged body parts that
                   the people of Zalem engaged in?
                   About the vampire lords that ruled
                   much of Northeastern Europe? BEAT
                   I fought a war against dictators,
                   Tenchi.  I was determined not to
                   become one myself.  So I gave all
                   the true power into the hands of the
                   people.  Timocracy:  the ultimate
                   form of democracy, eliminating the
                   concepts of representation and
                   politics.  Or so it seemed.  Perhaps
                   it was the last flare of the naivete
                   that everyone found so irritating
                   during Serena's adolescence. BEAT
                   I will not use the veto this time.
                   In fact, in every previous instance
                   of my use of the veto, I was, in the
                   end, compelled to make concessions
                   to those whom I had vetoed.  And how
                   would I do that in this situation?
                   Give you a stern talking-to about
                   your human rights violations in
                   public?

                                  TENCHI
                   Human rights violations?!  What --

                                 SERENITY
                   The right of humanity to dominate
                   everything, of course.  For some of
                   those poor fanatics, that is exactly
                   what all this is about.

                                  TENCHI
                   SIGH Yeah.  I should have guessed
                   that from what that assassin was
                   spouting.  BEAT He's still in
                   custody?

SERENITY gives TENCHI a hard stare.

                                  TENCHI
                   That's not what I meant!

                                 SERENITY
                   Our legal system is swift, but not
                   that swift.  He will be tried the
                   day after tomorrow, assuming all
                   goes according to plan.

There is a pause, and then they share a slow smile.

                             TENCHI & SERENITY
                   "Which will be a pleasant change."

After a brief spurt of almost hysterical laughter, they both sigh.

                                  TENCHI
                   My grandfather told me to seize my
                   own destiny.

                                 SERENITY
                   I was told to expect a millenium of
                   silence.

Another exchange of looks.

                                 SERENITY
                   Come, we have been at this enough.
                   My husband misses me, and doubtless
                   your wives ...

TENCHI nods ruefully.  SERENITY stands up, stretches, and walks with
TENCHI to the doors of the throne room.  Our view of them as they exit is
from high above -- they seem very small and fragile.

Cut to a passageway.  The CHIEF walks briskly down the corridor,
accompanied by SMITHERS, his younger assistant.  They come to a door, and
SMITHERS presses a pad beside it.  The door slides open, revealing a
lounge in which KEI is seated on a large couch facing the large screen of
a television, behind which YURI is fiddling with the wiring.  YURI freezes
as the CHIEF and SMITHERS enter; they pause to stare at her.

                                   CHIEF
                   Is something the matter?

                                   YURI
                   Uh ... yeah!  This darn set was only
                   getting a lot of static, so I tried
                   to fix it ... and it doesn't make
                   any sense at all!

                                   CHIEF
                   Really?  BEAT  Well, I'll have a
                   tech take a look at it later today.
                   I daresay you wouldn't have enjoyed
                   the programming in any event --
                   government controlled news is so
                   unappetizing ...

                                   YURI
                   Oh, right.  I hadn't thought of
                   that.  Silly me!

YURI comes to sit beside KEI (who is, one should note, holding a remote
control) on the couch.

                                    KEI
                   Listen, Mr. ... you know, you still
                   haven't told us your name.

                                   CHIEF
                   Understandably, I would prefer to
                   remain anonymous -- but you may
                   refer to me as Mr. Deacon.

                                    KEI
                   Right.  We're grateful that you've
                   brought us out of the cold, and all
                   that, but there's no way that you'd
                   do all this without expecting some
                   sort of compensation.  So ...

                                   CHIEF
                   You're wondering what do we want?
                   SMILE What we all want -- a better
                   tomorrow.  But what you really want
                   to know is, what do we want the two
                   of you to do to ensure that we get
                   it?

KEI and YURI nod.

                                   CHIEF
                   You may have guessed that we -- my
                   organization -- is dedicated to
                   removing Neo Queen Serenity from
                   power.  We have, until this point,
                   pursued our objectives within the
                   boundaries of the law, but recent
                   events have convinced us that it's
                   no longer enough to do so.  We must
                   now ...

YURI holds up a hand.

                                   YURI
                   Before you go any further, I should
                   warn you that we don't do wet work.

                                   CHIEF
                   BLINKS I beg your pardon?

                                    KEI
                   We're not contract killers.  If
                   you're trying to sell us on the idea
                   of taking out this Serenity chick,
                   you can stop right where you are.

                                   CHIEF
                   I will admit that the thought had
                   crossed my mind ... but a perusal
                   of the historical records about you
                   convinced me to not do so.  While
                   the two of you are responsible for
                   untold loss of life and property
                   damage --

KEI and YURI tense up.

                                   CHIEF
                   QUICKLY -- anyone can see that it
                   wasn't your fault.

They ease down, but are clearly irritated by the way that this is going.

                                   CHIEF
                   In any case, we realized that
                   killing Serenity would only make her
                   a martyr to those who have taken her
                   cause as their own.  So we came up
                   with another plan altogether ...

SMITHERS sets a small device down on the coffee table in front of the
Lovely Angels.  The CHIEF produces a pointer, with which he gestures at
the device, causing a hologram of the solar system to project.  It focuses
in on Earth and the moon.

                                   CHIEF
                   Serenity's authority is more or less
                   limited to Earth and those orbital
                   stations which have accepted her
                   rule.  The Moon is largely neutral,
                   a place of commerce and diplomacy.
                   If Serenity could be kidnapped or
                   otherwise compelled to travel to
                   the Moon, we have recieved the
                   assurances of several of the local
                   confederations that she would be
                   tried for her crimes against
                   humanity.

                                    KEI
                   So you want us to do the kidnapping?

The CHIEF gestures again, and a large "X" appears in the hologram, with a
buzzing noise.  KEI and YURI stare at it.

                                   CHIEF
                   SMIRK Sorry.  SERIOUS No, we've
                   found a group of mercenaries willing
                   to undertake that mission.  What we
                   want the two of you to do is *much*
                   simpler.  We want you to escort
                   Serenity, under guard, to the Lunar
                   colonies.

                                    KEI
                   Huh?  Why?

                                   CHIEF
                   You have to understand, the era that
                   the two of you originate in is
                   looked back upon as a golden age by
                   many of the governments of the
                   galaxy.  The intervention of the
                   WWWA was always seen as the final
                   sign that things had gotten out of
                   control -- that stern measures had
                   to be taken.  The symbolic impact of
                   the legendary Lovely Angels handing
                   over Neo Queen Serenity for trial
                   could be immense.  It would be like
                   saying to her followers that the
                   Galaxy as a whole condemns her to
                   her fate.

                                   YURI
                   Would that really make a difference?

                                   CHIEF
                   Not to her most fanatical followers,
                   no.  They're the sort of maniacs who
                   would gladly give their lives to let
                   her advance her plans a bit.  But we
                   could reach the less dedicated among
                   them ... and it would have an effect
                   on the neutral, silent majority.
                   BEAT Well, Kei?  Yuri?  Will you
                   help us?

There is a long, uncomfortable pause.

                                    KEI
                   Yeah.  To escort her?  Yeah, I think
                   we can handle that.  Yuri?

YURI nods slowly.

                                   CHIEF
                   Excellent!  Assuming all goes to
                   plan -- which doesn't happen all
                   that often, I'll grant you -- the
                   kidnapping should take place in two
                   days ... please, make yourselves at
                   home here, until then.  Ladies.

He bows, and heads out, followed by SMITHERS.  The door closes behind
them.

                                    KEI
                   Does this whole set-up feel as weird
                   to you as it does to me?

                                   YURI
                   Maybe even weirder.  BEAT  Damn,
                   that was close ... a few seconds
                   later, and ...

                                    KEI
                   ... and he'd have seen an even more
                   messed up T.V.  Do you have any idea
                   what you're doing?

                                   YURI
                   Hey!  Give me a little credit.  T.V.
                   technology hasn't changed that much
                   in ... eight hundred years.  A few
                   more seconds, and I'd've had access
                   to any channel you wanted, instead
                   of that one we were getting on all
                   the stations.

                                    KEI
                   Really?

                                   YURI
                   Why do you doubt me?

                                    KEI
                   I *know* you.  BEAT  We've got to
                   get another POV on what's going on
                   here.  I don't trust that guy.  Get
                   to work.

YURI makes a face at KEI, but starts working on the TV.

                                   YURI
                   What I don't get ... is why I get
                   those ... hunches too.  After ...
                   all, I'm not the one ... with the
                   alien ancestors ...

                                    KEI
                   Geez ... it's been eight hundred
                   years and you still haven't forgiven
                   me for not telling you about that.

YURI glares at her.

                                   YURI
                   It's been *two* years, and it wasn't
                   fun finding it out while we were
                   infiltrating that xenophobic militia
                   group, when they ran you through a
                   DNA scanner and we almost got
                   killed!

                                    KEI
                   Two ... eight hundred ... same diff.
                   So my great-grandmother was an E.T.
                   ... `they' don't all have psychic
                   abilities, you know. BEAT  And
                   whose grandfather worked as a psi-
                   detective on Centauri Prime?  Until
                   he got busted for playing the races?

                                   YURI
                   Oh sure, Kei, dig up that old family
                   scandal!

                                    KEI
                   Turnabout is fair play, Yuri!

Cut to a shot of a monitor showing them squabbling.  SMITHERS watches with
a cold smile in a darkened room.

Cut to a large building out in the middle of nowhere.  Those familiar with
"Mobile Police Patlabor" will recognize it at once as the headquarters of
the infamous Second Unit of the SV2 Division -- or at least, a reasonable
facsimile thereof.  It is early morning as PRISS, in her motorcycle
leathers, zooms up the dirt road to the entrance on her hovercycle.  She
comes to a stop near the huge garage doors, gets off,, pulls of her
helmet, and shakes out her hair, before ambling into the garage.

Several labors are in the process of being repaired or possibly upgraded.
It's a noisy process, and the shouts of workers barely rise over the
squeal of metal being soldered and bent.  PRISS stares up at the humanoid
mecha with a distrusting expression -- then shakes her head.

                                   PRISS
                   Nothing more than a great big
                   motoslave.

                               MEGUMI (O.S.)
                   Well, they're a little more advanced
                   than one of *those*, I think.

PRISS turns around to see a short-haired young woman (MORISATO MEGUMI)
wearing beige work coveralls with extensive "oil" stains on them and a set
of high tech eye protectors that incorporate a holographic heads-up-
display.  (Think Sailor Mercury's visor and you've got the general idea).

                                  MEGUMI
                   Priss Asagiri, am I right?

                                   PRISS
                   Uh, yeah.  I'm here to see Chief
                   Izumi ...

PRISS trails off and stares at MEGUMI, who seems oblivious to her
scrutiny.

                                  MEGUMI
                   She told us to be expecting you, and
                   to send you up to the office.

MEGUMI jerks her head up at the catwalk above, where there are a number of 
offices, one of which is lit from within.  PRISS follows her gesture for a
moment, then goes back to staring at MEGUMI.

                                  MEGUMI
                   So you should just head on is there
                   something wrong?

                                   PRISS
                   BLINKS Uh?  Oh.  No.  Well.  Have
                   we met somewhere before?

                                  MEGUMI
                   THINKS Nnnno, I don't think so.  I
                   died when you were probably still in
                   diapers.

                                   PRISS
                   Say what?

                                  MEGUMI
                   Long story, and you'd just have to
                   hear it again from the chief, so you
                   should head up to talk to her.  See
                   ya round, Palladin.

PRISS watches MEGUMI walk off and start bellowing orders to the crews
working on the labors.  PRISS heads for the stairs, muttering to herself
as she climbs.

                                   PRISS
                   There must be something in the water
                   that makes everyone in this crazy,
                   nutcase city act like they've got a
                   hundred state secrets, and they
                   can't *help* but *hint* at what they
                   know, but Whoever forbid that they
                   ever *explain* anything.  BEAT And
                   I'm really starting to get tired of
                   meeting all these people I feel like
                   I *oughta* know but don't ...

We see NOA eating some miso soup for breakfast at her desk.  PRISS flings
open the door, and walks in, still in a huff.

                                    NOA
                   Good morning, Ms. Asagiri.

                                   PRISS
                   Where do I know you from?

NOA stares at her confusedly.

                                    NOA
                   Well, we met in the anteroom at the
                   palace --

                                   PRISS
                   That's not what I meant.  I think I
                   know you from somewhere else, and I
                   wanna know how I know you.

                                    NOA
                   Hum.  I don't think that I ever met
                   you ... one of my granddaughters was
                   quite a fan of yours, but ...

                                   PRISS
                   Lemme guess, you're an immortal?

                                    NOA
                   Nope.  I'm a clone.  BEAT  My name
                   is Noa Izumi the Second.  I was born
                   for the first time that I know of in
                   1979, and was one of the first
                   officers assigned to the Second Unit
                   of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police's
                   Special Vehicle Division -- the
                   second Labor crimes squad formed.
                   Maybe you saw me on the news ... by
                   the 2030s we'd been almost forgotten
                   after the SV2 was merged with the AD
                   Police, but it wouldn't be a total
                   impossibity.

                                   PRISS
                   You're a clone, huh?  Did they steal
                   your DNA?

                                    NOA
                   ANGRY *They* did no such thing.
                   The Senshi took my DNA with my
                   permission, and made a recording of
                   my memories, right before I ...
                   passed on. BEAT After a while,
                   they realized that they needed a
                   Patlabor squad, and grew my new body
                   for me -- so none of that talk about
                   *stealing* DNA.  Nobody *owns* their
                   genetic pattern ... it is given to
                   us by our parents, and we hold it in
                   trust for our children ... and their
                   children.

She has an odd expression when she says the last.

                                   PRISS
                   But you aren't considered to be the
                   old you.

                                    NOA
                   So what?  *I* know that I am, and
                   that's all that really matters.  The
                   Senshi have given me a second chance
                   at life, and an opportunity to do a
                   job that I love. I may not always
                   agree with their policies, but I
                   will always be grateful.

PRISS shakes her head.

                                   PRISS
                   Okay, whatever ... I've been given a
                   short explanation of what happened
                   to your `labor pool' --

NOA holds up a hand, looking pained.

                                    NOA
                   Please.  I've heard *all* the puns,
                   at least once in both lifetimes.

PRISS smiles, obviously not sorry.

                                   PRISS
                   Sorry.  Three of them were stolen
                   from your main storage facility in
                   Crystal Tokyo, right?

                                    NOA
                   NODS Doing a lot of damage to it,
                   which is why we're temporarily
                   quartered out here.

                                   PRISS
                   What I don't get is why were they
                   able to get away so easily?  I'd
                   think that you'd have plenty of
                   reports about giant mecha running
                   away from the place ...

                                    NOA
                   We think -- and this is just a
                   theory -- that they loaded them onto
                   hovertrucks and took them up.

                                   PRISS
                   Up?

NOA stares at her for a long moment.

                                    NOA
                   Yes.  Up.  BEAT  You mean to tell
                   me that you haven't taken your hover
                   cycle up for a flight?

                                   PRISS
                   I've only had the thing a week.  And
                   I don't like the thought of zipping
                   around a thousand feet up exposed to
                   the air.  It sounds too much like
                   hanging onto the wing of a plane
                   while in flight.

                                    NOA
                   Well, the hovertruck drivers wouldn't
                   have had that problem, being inside
                   the cabs ...

                                   PRISS
                   Okay, then wouldn't they show up on
                   radar?

                                    NOA
                   SHAKES HEAD We checked.  They must
                   have been just under the legal max
                   altitude -- high enough not to be
                   easily made out, but low enough not
                   to get cited.

PRISS frowns.

                                   PRISS
                   Okay ... I'm not sure where to go
                   from here.  BEAT Maybe I could
                   scope for clues at the crime scene.

                                    NOA
                   Sounds like a good idea.  I've
                   taken the liberty of assigning you
                   a liason officer.  YELLS NURIKO!
                   NORMAL I'm sure the lieutenant
                   will be glad to assist you in any
                   way ...

                                   PRISS
                   Uh, I prefer to work alone ...

NURIKO enters at a run, and salutes.

                                  NURIKO
                   Lieutenant Chou Ryuuen, reporting as
                   ordered, sir.

                                    NOA
                   Lieutenant, this is Priscilla
                   Asagiri, the Palladin.

                                  NURIKO
                   Milady.  BOWS  If you'd call me by
                   my nickname, Nuriko, I'd be honored.

PRISS is silent for a long moment.

                                   PRISS
                   Riiiight.

NOA covers a smile with a cough.

                                    NOA
                   Nuriko, Ms. Asagiri expressed an
                   interest in seeing the main facility
                   downtown.  Please escort her, and
                   assist her in any way possible.

                                  NURIKO
                   Yes, sir!

NURIKO holds the door open for PRISS.

                                  NURIKO
                   Right this way, Milady.

PRISS heads out the door, and speaks without looking at NURIKO.

                                   PRISS
                   If you call me Milady one more time,
                   I'm gonna strangle you with that
                   ponytail of yours.

NURIKO makes an ugly face at PRISS' back.

                                   PRISS
                   Let's go ...

They head out.  NOA smiles wearily, shaking her head and settling back
into her chair.

                                    NOA
                   Stolen DNA ... more like saved.

NOA yawns suddenly, and her eyes begin to droop closed.  We see the room
from her point of view.  Her eyelids close most of the way, then come all
the way open ... then slowly slide closed.

In the darkness, there is a distant thunder.  There is another, and we
realize that it's actually an explosion.  Eyes blink open, and we see the
inside of a labor -- a complicated array of controls in a fairly cramped
space, in front of a cracked window.  Our view is tipped sideways.

                                NOA (V.O.)
                   Huh?  BEAT Oh.  Damn, I must have
                   blacked out for a second ...

NOA's arms reach into our view from the right, reaching for the maneuver
controls.  (In case it's not obvious, we are seeing these events through
NOA's POV.)

                                NOA (V.O.)
                   I'm okay.  Alphonse, are you okay?
                   BEAT I'll take that as a yes.  Now
                   let's get you upright ...

                               ASUMA (RADIO)
                   Noa!

                                NOA (V.O.)
                   Asuma!  I'm okay ... just got w-

                               ASUMA (RADIO)
                   Noa!

                                NOA (V.O.)
                   Asuma?  BEAT Asuma, talk to me!

                               ASUMA (RADIO)
                   Damn you, you metal BASTARDS!

There is the sound of a powerful engine revving up not far away.

                                NOA (V.O.)
                   WHISPERED Oh no.  The radio ...

NOA's arms reach for the window, but she's restrained by her safety
harness.  She fumbles with the straps.

                               ASUMA (RADIO)
                   YOU KILLED MY WIFE!

The Mark III Shinohara Armored Battlemover Carrier roars into view.  It's
a tank-based vehicle, but lacks an artillery piece.  A handful of mounted
smallarms are blazing away as it roars across our point of view ...
blazing more or less ineffectively at the handful of Boomers crawling over
it.  The Boomers themselves resemble a more advanced "Doberman" type (in
other words, even more like the Alien than normal).

                                NOA (V.O.)
                   ASUMA!  NO!  I'M ALL RIGHT!

                               ASUMA (RADIO)
                   DIEEEEEEEEE!

There is a sudden huge explosion that paints the world outside the window
a reddish orange.  A deformed boomer head lands a few hundred feet away.
For a few moments, NOA's arms are frozen.  Then she starts to tear at the
restraints, freeing her upper body and her legs, then slamming her booted
feet into the window until it shatters.

We see, through a haze, NOA work her way out of the head of an Ingram
labor which is lying on its side.  She turns to look towards the side ...
and freezes again, before slowly pulling off her helmet.  Her once red
hair has gone completely gray, and from her appearance, she's in her
sixties.

She is staring at a crater a few hundred yards away, in which is the
hulking ruin of a self-destructed Mark III Shinohara Armored Battlemover
Carrier.

                                    NOA
                   Asuma ... husband ...

Cut to the inside of a medical tent.  The sounds of the wounded --
moaning, groaning, weeping, and gasping -- are clear.  In the distance, we
can hear the sounds of explosions, and gunshots.  NOA is seated on a cot,
swathed in a blanket, clutching a cup in both hands.  Her face makes it
plain that she is in shock.  A woman in a white nurse's dress holding a
kettle walks up to her, but NOA doesn't acknowledge her existance.  Her
face is hidden, but her voice is unmistakably that of TENDOU AKANE.

                               AKANE (O.S.)
                   Would you like some more tea?

NOA doesn't look up.

                                    NOA
                   Please.

AKANE pours the tea into the cup.  NOA sips slowly.  We see, from the
rear, a man in a brown trenchcoat approaching them.  AKANE looks up (we
see her face for the first time -- she appears to be in her mid-thirties)
and steps away quickly.  He comes to stand in front of NOA silently.
After a long moment, NOA looks up.

GOTO KIICHI is almost completely unchanged from his days as the commanding
officer of the Second Unit of the SV2 Division -- there are only a few
more lines on his face.  He looks down at NOA with his usual lazy,
melancholy expression.

                                   GOTO
                   Hello, Noa.  It's been a while.

NOA blinks twice.  GOTO pulls up a chair and settles to sit in front of
her so that they are on the same level.

                                   GOTO
                   I wish that I'd had more time to
                   talk to both you and Shinohara ...
                   but there wasn't.  Revolutionary
                   leaders don't have that sort of
                   time available to them, I guess.

                                    NOA
                   ... Captain?

GOTO nods absently.

                                   GOTO
                   A friend of mine -- his name was
                   Lethbridge-Stewart -- would have
                   made a comment about old soldiers --
                   but I'm not a soldier.  Neither were
                   any of you.  And I'm sorry that I
                   let any of you get drawn into this.
                   BEAT They found what was left of
                   Ohta's labor a few hours ago.
                   Shinshi was standing guard over it,
                   but with his wounds ... SHAKES
                   HEAD  And Shinobu ...

                                    NOA
                   Nagumo ... Shinobu?

GOTO sighs, and shakes his head.

                                    NOA
                   Shinobu ... my daughter ...

                                   GOTO
                   NODS It seems that the rumors of
                   a system to coordinate the Boomer
                   actions are correct.  BEAT I'm
                   sorry, Noa.

NOA is right on the verge of breaking down.  GOTO stands up abruptly.

                                   GOTO
                   Nurse!

AKANE comes over warily.

                                   AKANE
                   Yes sir?

GOTO speaks quietly.

                                   GOTO
                   I would appreciate it if you could
                   get in touch with your superiors,
                   and tell them --

                                   AKANE
                   I'm afraid that I don't know what
                   you're --

                                   GOTO
                   And I'm afraid that you're not an
                   agent of the Crystal Tokyo Society,
                   and I'm making an ass out of myself.
                   BEAT Well?

AKANE stares up at him.

                                   AKANE
                   Expect ...

                                   GOTO
                   SHAKES HEAD I am not affiliated
                   with your society.  I sympathize,
                   however, and I know certain things
                   that would benefit them.  My price
                   for this information is the
                   evacuation of this woman and her
                   surviving family members -- a son,
                   and several grandchildren -- as far
                   away from MegaTokyo as you can get
                   them.

AKANE stares at him.

                                   AKANE
                   What kind of information?

                                   GOTO
                   BEAT Earthscreamer.

AKANE's jaw drops.

                                   AKANE
                   You can't be serious.

                                   GOTO
                   I am.  Quincy is, as well.  BEAT
                   I need to speak to your leaders, as
                   soon as possible.

AKANE nods.

                                   AKANE
                   There's a base in Australia.  We
                   haven't used it in over twenty
                   years, but it should be safe.  I'll
                   go make the arrangements.

AKANE heads off.  GOTO watches her go, and then turns back to look at NOA
... who is looking up at him confusedly.  He smiles sadly.

                                   GOTO
                   She's right ... it will probably be
                   safe, assuming that they don't use
                   those infernal devices.  In which
                   case, we're all doomed anyway, so
                   you'll be with your family, at the
                   least.  It's the least that I owe
                   you and Asuma.  BEAT  Sayonara,
                   Shinohara Noa.  I do not think that
                   we will ever meet again ... but if
                   we should, please try and smile.

GOTO heads off.

                                    NOA
                   Captain!

GOTO pauses, and looks back.  NOA is staring at him with a cmpletely
bewhildered expression.

                                    NOA
                   W-w-why haven't you ...

                                   GOTO
                   It's a kind of magic, Noa.

He heads out of the tent.

Cut to the exterior of the tent a little while later.  A helicopter has
just landed, and its rotor is still turning as NOA is led out AKANE and
another nurse, still wearing the blanket around her shoulders, and gently
sat in the back.  The helicopter takes off as soon as the ground crew is
clear.  As it takes off, we see a panoramic view of MegaTokyo burning ...
fires have broken out all over the city, and the sounds of violence fill
the air.  At the heart is Genom Tower ... which from this point of view,
and under these circumstances, looks more like Mount Doom than a pyramid.
Our view finally comes back to NOA, who has been watching over all of
this, just as the tears begin to pour from her eyes.  Fade to black.

Cut to a shot of a woman's face, contorted in agony and frozen in place.

                              MERCURY (V.O.)
                   Do we have word on the transplant?

                               NURSE (V.O.)
                   We have a match, but it's on the
                   other side of the world.  With a
                   good pilot, it should be here by
                   ballistic jet within an hour.

                        ATTENDING PHYSICIAN (V.O.)
                   Shouldn't we at least *try* to
                   induce a regeneration?

                              MERCURY (V.O.)
                   It wouldn't work.  The nature of
                   what was done to her won't permit a
                   normal healing.

Our view moves down the woman's body (she is SHAMPOO's secretary from
earlier) to see the small, fist-sized hole in her stomach.  It doesn't
appear to be bleeding at the moment.

                        ATTENDING PHYSICIAN (V.O.)
                   I take it that you've seen this sort
                   of thing before, Lady Mercury?

Cut to a shot of MERCURY looking very solemn.

                                  MERCURY
                   Yes, I have.

We see now that MERCURY (wearing a tight-fitting blue bodysuit under a
white lab coat), the NURSE, and the ATTENDING PHYSICIAN are standing
around a temporal stasis unit.  Suddenly, MERCURY blinks, and looks aside
for a moment.

                                   NURSE
                   Something wrong?

                                  MERCURY
                   SLOW No.  NORMAL I'm going to go
                   scrub for surgery.

MERCURY heads out of the hospital room, and walks down the corridor a few
feet, before whirling and pointing accusingly.

                                  MERCURY
                   How *dare* you come here!

RYOUGA slowly materializes, with a rueful expression.

                                  RYOUGA
                   Ten years studying with the shinobi,
                   and everyone can see me ...

                                  MERCURY
                   Give me one good reason I shouldn't
                   send you shrieking to Hell right
                   now!

RYOUGA smiles gently, and shakes his head.

                                  RYOUGA
                   You have never killed anyone,
                   Ami-chan.  You are still a Sailor
                   Scout, not a Sailor Soldier.  And
                   you have sworn the doctor's oath.
                   "I shall turn aside from any action
                   or inaction which would bring about
                   the untimely end of any being's
                   life."  And you and yours keep your
                   oaths, I know. BEAT How are you?

MERCURY stares at him, and lowers her hand, sighing.

                                  MERCURY
                   Why, Ryouga?  Why did you do that
                   to her?

                                  RYOUGA
                   You of all people know one of the
                   reasons.  And I wanted Shampoo to
                   know that I was serious.  She has
                   had problems comprehending the
                   important things at times.

                                  MERCURY
                   Then why not eat *her* liver?

                                  RYOUGA
                   I needed her to deliver the message.
                   Was it?

                                  MERCURY
                   I don't know.  She brought that girl
                   in early this morning, if that tells
                   you anything. BEAT What do you
                   want, Ryouga?

                                  RYOUGA
                   Gennosuke wants the Dark Crystal.

MERCURY's jaw drops.

                                  MERCURY
                   Is she *mad*?

                                  RYOUGA
                   She would be, if she knew that I
                   were telling you this.  But I'm just
                   the hired help, after all.

                                  MERCURY
                   SCOWLS Do you seriously expect me
                   to believe that you're `hired help'?
                   You haven't told me what *you* want.

                                  RYOUGA
                   Proof.  BEAT  Amy-chan ... if you
                   give me the Dark Crystal, we can
                   avoid a lot of people getting hurt.

                                  MERCURY
                   So she can hurt thousands of others
                   with that damned thing?  No, Ryouga.
                   You should have known that would be
                   my answer.

RYOUGA smiles, showing his fangs.

                                  RYOUGA
                   Maybe I did.  BEAT  Are you going
                   to tell them about this?

                                  MERCURY
                   Will you kill me if I say yes, or
                   just hurt me a lot?

RYOUGA shakes his head, and turns to go.

                                  RYOUGA
                   I usually try to avoid *his* trick
                   of hurting those I care about.  It
                   rarely works ...

He slowly fades out at the end of his line.

                               RYOUGA (V.O.)
                   Goodbye, Mercury.  BEAT I forgive
                   you.

MERCURY stands alone in the corridor, bowing her head.

Cut to a balcony on the Crystal Palace.  RYOUKO (in her blue, tailed
dress) is perched on the railing, looking out at the setting sun with a
lazy smile.  She doesn't turn as AYEKA walks silently up to stand at the
railing a few feet away.  Neither looks at the other as they speak.

                                   AYEKA
                   Ill-bred mummy.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Spoiled brat.

AYEKA turns and looks at RYOUKO with something akin to fondness in her
expression.

                                   AYEKA
                   Now that *that's* out of the way ...
                   how are you?

RYOUKO shrugs, smiling faintly at AYEKA.

                                   AYEKA
                   How is *he*?  I haven't had a moment
                   to speak with him since his arrival.
                   Is he ...

                                  RYOUKO
                   Ayeka, do you have any idea how hard
                   it's gotten to read him this last
                   hundred years?  BEAT I'd swear he
                   was taking inscrutability lessons
                   from Washuu, if I didn't know he
                   avoids being with her whenever he
                   can.

AYEKA frowns.

                                   AYEKA
                   And what about Tsunami?

                                  RYOUKO
                   She's currently cloaked in orbit.

                                   AYEKA
                   SLOW Ryouko.

                                  RYOUKO
                   I don't think he's sleeping with her
                   either, okay?

                                   AYEKA
                   Is he --

                                  RYOUKO
                   Come ON!  Do you actually think I'd
                   let him sleep around?  BEAT With
                   anyone but me?

                                   AYEKA
                   Has it happened recently?

                                  RYOUKO
                   Nope.  BEAT  Not since Mihoshi ...
                   y'know.  The phone call to hell.
                   And he doesn't realize it was me.  I
                   don't think he remembers.

                                   AYEKA
                   This can't go on.  Jurai needs an
                   heir.  If the Lords see the one
                   foreign power that we're on friendly
                   terms with turn hostile, it could
                   spell a serious challenge to his
                   power.  And Emperors without heirs
                   tend to become the Emperors one
                   reads about in the history books as
                   the victims of coups d'etat.

RYOUKO looks very uncomfortable.

                                  RYOUKO
                   You don't have to worry about that.

                                   AYEKA
                   Of COURSE I have to WORRY about --

                                  RYOUKO
                   NO.  BEAT There have been ...
                   steps taken.  I can't tell you about
                   them, 'cause you're not cleared.
                   But you're pretty smart ...

                                   AYEKA
                   What possible steps could you have
                   taken to ...

AYEKA trails off, and a look of apprehension grows on her face.  She
stares at RYOUKO, who grins sheepishly.  AYEKA is shocked.

                                   AYEKA
                   That's *REVOLTING*!

                                  RYOUKO
                   It was the best we could come up
                   with on short notice!

                                   AYEKA
                   You took his ... and you froze his
                   ... and they're ... WHERE?!

RYOUKO pats her stomach.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Mm-mm-good.

AYEKA looks like she's going to be physically ill.

                                   AYEKA
                   I can't believe Tsunami consented to
                   something like that!

                                  RYOUKO
                   Technically -- she didn't.

                                   AYEKA
                   So when do they find out, praytell?

                                  RYOUKO
                   Whenever Tenchi is incapacitated or
                   -- if it looks like he's not going
                   to be able to give Jurai the next
                   emperor.  BEAT He'll tell me which
                   one, and I'll inform her, and ...
                   BEAT I'm not wild about the idea
                   either!

                                   AYEKA
                   And I'm very glad to hear it!  We
                   have laws against that sort of thing
                   on Jurai -- it's unnatural!

                                  RYOUKO
                   What?

                                   AYEKA
                   It is!  Life should arise from the
                   union of two beings, not from a ...
                   test tube!  That's ... horrible!

RYOUKO hops off the railing, and, walking on air, storms to get in AYEKA's
face.

                                  RYOUKO
                   So I'm unnatural now, huh?  Funny, I
                   thought we were a *little* beyond
                   that!

                                   AYEKA
                   You arose from the union of ...

                                  RYOUKO
                   She put one of her ovae in a test
                   tube with a masu and watched what
                   happened!  If that's your idea of
                   *sex*, you're more *twisted* than I
                   thought!

AYEKA is working herself into a fury, and a faint glistening in the air
indicates that her little cylinders are about to materialize ... but she
slowly lets out a deep breath.

                                   AYEKA
                   SLOW Ryouko, you are over-reacting
                   to my comments.  I did not mean to
                   imply that you are unnatural because
                   of the way in which you were
                   conceived.  I maintain my objection
                   to the way in which you and Tenchi
                   have decided to defraud the Empire
                   by providing them with an heir,
                   conceived by a form of artificial
                   insemination, whom you will present
                   as a legal and legitimate heir,
                   should Tenchi ever be killed.

RYOUKO and AYEKA stare at each other wordlessly for a moment.  RYOUKO
seems a bit confused.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Did you just ... back down ... from
                   a fight with *me*?

                                   AYEKA
                   NODS Now, if you still wish to do
                   battle with me, it will be entirely
                   your fault.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Can't have that ...

RYOUKO hops back onto the railing, but she is now sitting directly in
front of AYEKA.  AYEKA's hands are flat on the railing on either side of
RYOUKO's hips, and their faces are only an inch or so apart.

                                   AYEKA
                   However -- returning to the issue of
                   my objection -- since I am, by my
                   own choice, not a part of Tenchi's
                   inner circle on Jurai ... I can't
                   expect to have any influence over
                   his decisions.  Can I?

                                  RYOUKO
                   Nope.  I guess not.  BEAT Let's
                   talk about other things.

                                   AYEKA
                   Agreed.  BEAT Have you found
                   anyone to share your bed on Jurai?

                                  RYOUKO
                   No ... but I haven't really been
                   looking.  BEAT There was this one
                   cute courtier, but ... SHAKES HER
                   HEAD

                                   AYEKA
                   I see.

                                  RYOUKO
                   And you?

                                   AYEKA
                   No.  I enjoyed a brief affair with
                   a poet a while ago, but it faded
                   quickly.  BEAT  Isn't it terrible
                   that we've both let a relationship
                   with a married man dominate our
                   lives for over nine hundred years?

                                  RYOUKO
                   Yeah.  Especially considering that
                   I'm the only one of us who ever got
                   anywhere with him.

AYEKA lifts an eyebrow in response.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Oh, come on.

AYEKA smiles.  She is serene bordering on smugness.

                                  RYOUKO
                   What day, what month, what year did
                   this happen?

                                   AYEKA
                   You'll never know.

A sudden alert siren screams in the night air, causing both of them to
jump.

                                  RYOUKO
                   What the --

                                   AYEKA
                   That's ... no, it can't be!

                                  RYOUKO
                   What?

                                   AYEKA
                   Someone is *attacking* the palace!

                                  RYOUKO
                   Shit!  Where's --

                                   AYEKA
                   In the dojo, sparring with Mars.
                   Go!

RYOUKO flips over the edge of the railing, and flies downward.  AYEKA
turns and heads into the palace.  We get a split screen of RYOUKO's head
on the left, AYEKA's head on the right, both moving swiftly.

                                  RYOUKO
                   *Lousy* timing.

                                   AYEKA
                   As *usual*.

Cut to a shot of several armed and armored men and women leaping shouting
to land on a single figure, covering him for a second ... before being
knocked aside like dominos when he straightens up.  It is RYOUGA.  He
looks on them with irritation.

                                  RYOUGA
                   Is this really the best that they
                   care to send against me?  Why
                   doesn't anyone take me seriously?

KUONJI GENNOSUKE, an exact body double of KUONJI UKYOU except for her red
hair, dressed in the costume of an okonomiyaki chef and carrying a huge
spatula, steps out of the shadows, looking annoyed at RYOUGA.

                                 GENNOSUKE
                   Maybe it has something to do with
                   wasting time fighting those who
                   can't hope to defeat you.  Have you
                   forgotten why we came here?

                                  RYOUGA
                   GLARES No.  I haven't.  Let's go.

Cut to a control room, and a video display of RYOUGA and GENNOSUKE moving
through the passages at high speed.  Our view changes to include an
irritated looking JUPITER, who is wearing a red jacket over a tight black
dress.

                                  JUPITER
                   Dammit.  You were right.

Our view changes to show MERCURY.

                                  MERCURY
                   Why did you ever doubt me?

JUPITER flashes MERCURY a quick grin, then becomes serious.

                                  JUPITER
                   Serenity is in the bunker?

                                  MERCURY
                   NODS Raye and Ryouko were trying
                   to get Lord Tenchi in there as
                   well.  BEAT While they weren't
                   staring daggers at each other.

                                  JUPITER
                   Great.  That's *so* like Raye to let
                   her personal feelings get in the way
                   of the job ...

MERCURY stares JUPITER open-mouthed, as she transforms to her sailor
fuku, and starts to head out the door.

                                  MERCURY
                   I ... wait a minute, where are you
                   going?

                                  JUPITER
                   SHRUGS We'll need someone who's
                   got mojo *and* martial arts to deal
                   with them, right?  Raye and Ryouko
                   are continuing that feud of theirs,
                   gods only know where Mina's at, so
                   that leaves me.

                                  MERCURY
                   Lita ...

                                  JUPITER
                   If you say something about how I'm
                   nowhere close to Ryouga's level,
                   I'm gonna start screaming.  So he
                   started training before I did.  I've
                   had a thousand years of catch-up
                   time. BEAT He can't be that good,
                   can he?

Cut to a shot of JUPITER's bruised, bleeding face as RYOUGA holds her
throat in a one-handed grip, and energy crackles in his hand.  His face is
cold.  Finally RYOUGA tosses her aside, letting her slam into a heavy
vault door, and slide to the ground, unconscious.  GENNOSUKE, standing
some distance away, is awestruck.

                                 GENNOSUKE
                   Wow ... SHAKES HEAD Okay!  We just
                   have to get into that safe, get the
                   Dark Crystal, and we're out of here.
                   Do that Breaking Point move.  We
                   just need a crack.

                                  RYOUGA
                   Just a crack?

                                 GENNOSUKE
                   Yes!

RYOUGA walks over to examine the vault door.  JUPITER is beginning to come
around, but she's obviously dazed.

                                  RYOUGA
                   Only a crack?

                                 GENNOSUKE
                   You're really starting to confirm
                   my mother's opinions of you,
                   Hibiki-san!  Yes, a crack is all
                   that's needed!  I can do the rest!

                                  RYOUGA
                   A crack.  All right.  I can do that.
                   BEAT  You're ugly and your mother
                   dressed you funny.

There is a long, silent pause.

                                 GENNOSUKE
                   What?

                                  RYOUGA
                   That was the crack.

GENNOSUKE is not handling this turn of events very well.  She has her
hands in her hair, her eyes are wide, and her teeth are clenched.

                                 GENNOSUKE
                   Did you suffer brain damage sometime
                   and not tell anybody?  Hibiki, this
                   is no time to make jokes!  I brought
                   you here to break into the vault so
                   that I could take the Dark Crystal
                   and use it to --

                                  RYOUGA
                   Yes, isn't it a shame that I never
                   had any intention of doing that?

                                 GENNOSUKE
                   You ... I ... what ...

                                  RYOUGA
                   All the while, I let you think that
                   you were using my `lust for revenge'
                   against those who made me ... what I
                   am ... to break into this fortress.
                   BEAT And you suggest I have mental
                   problems, Kuonji Gennosuke?  I don't
                   hate them because of that -- if I
                   feel anything about it, I am sort of
                   *grateful*.  BEAT *I* was using
                   you, and your ties to those idiot
                   terrorists, to get me into position
                   for one reason and one alone.

                               RANMA (O.S.)
                   Ryouga.

RYOUGA turns to look upward at a ledge on the far wall.  Our view travels
up past a black slipper, balanced gracefully on the narrow ledge, up a
black pant leg, over arms folded sternly over the chest, pausing
momentarily to take in the dragon on the black silk shirt ... before
lifing up to see SAOTOME RANMA's eternally youthful face.

He's pissed.

RYOUGA looks up at him with many mixed emotions on his face.  Hatred
predominates, with envy and jealousy (not the same thing at all) coming
close behind ... but there are other things, too.  Wary respect.
Understanding.  Perhaps even ... no, that must be a trick of the light.

                                  RYOUGA
                   Is it not amazing the places in
                   which old friends meet?

                                 GENNOSUKE
                   Father ...

RANMA turns his glare on GENNOSUKE.  She flinches.

                                   RANMA
                   I have more than a few words to say
                   to you, young lady, but they'll wait
                   until ...

Quite suddenly, RYOUGA has GENNOSUKE in a full nelson, with his free hand
glowing ominously.

                                  RYOUGA
                   I wouldn't count on that.

                                   RANMA
                   Ryouga, what the hell do you --

                                  RYOUGA
                   I think I'm using my refinement of
                   the Blasting Point -- or perhaps I
                   should call it the Bleeding Point
                   Technique -- in a minute unless you
                   tell Shampoo to take several steps
                   back.

SHAMPOO suddenly materializes, as RYOUGA has earlier, with an infuriated
look.  RYOUGA speaks without looking at her.

                                  RYOUGA
                   My shinobi's better than your
                   shinobi.

                                   RANMA
                   Ryouga, even for you, this is low.
                   Threatening girls?

                                  RYOUGA
                   To make another crack, this is no
                   girl ... this is your daughter!
                   BEAT  That didn't sound as good as
                   I thought it would.

                   Okay, cut the crap.  What do you
                   want?

                                  RYOUGA
                   I want a fight, Ranma.  BEAT  An
                   all-out, anything-goes, final duel
                   between you and I.  No interference
                   from outsiders.  BEAT No running
                   away.  Come now.  Don't you, in your
                   heart of hearts, want to know which
                   of us is truly better?

                                   RANMA
                   Ryouga, I already *know* I'm better
                   than you.  I've *always* known.  Why
                   should I accept this stupid duel?

                                  RYOUGA
                   If you don't ... boom.  GESTURES AT
                   GENNOSUKE  And then I likely get
                   carted off to spend the rest of
                   eternity in stasis.  But I'll have
                   killed your only surviving child,
                   and you'll be in torment forever.
                   And that's punishment enough for
                   what you did to me.

                                   RANMA
                   For God's sake Ryouga, can't you get
                   over that `I have seen hell' kick of
                   yours already?

                                  RYOUGA
                   FURIOUS Hell?  Hell would be a
                   pleasant journey compared to what
                   I've been through because of you!
                   Because of you, I lost all chance
                   for a life with any woman I ever
                   loved.  Because of you, I have
                   bartered my soul and what scraps of
                   honour I've earned to gain new ways
                   to defeat you.  Because of you, I
                   took a coward's way to immortality
                   -- I couldn't just luck into it like
                   you did.  Because of you, I am hated
                   and despised by all that know of me.
                   Because of you, my family's school
                   of Kempo will never have an heir.
                   BEAT  Because of you, I have
                   nothing.  NOTHING ... except for
                   this fight.  NOTHING BUT YOU!!!

RYOUGA's towering fury suddenly breaks off with his last statement.  A
confused expression settles on his face, as if he is suddenly hearing his
own words for the first time.  RANMA is looking down at him with a
revolted expression.  SHAMPOO looks at him pityingly, while JUPITER, who
has just come to complete consciousness, is almost as confused as RYOUGA.
GENNOSUKE just looks scared.

                                   RANMA
                   Ryouga ... that's *sick.*

                                  RYOUGA
                   ABSENTLY Shut up, Ranma.

RYOUGA suddenly twists, and points a shoed foot at the vault door.

                                  RYOUGA
                   [DISTANT BREAKING POINT]!!

The vault shudders as if it has been struck by a gigantic fist.  Tiny
cracks form, leading from the edge to the centre.  RYOUGA twists the
opposite direction, and GENNOSUKE goes flying to slam into the door, just
a few feet from where JUPITER is slumped.  RANMA sommersaults to the
floor, and closes with RYOUGA.  RYOUGA does not turn from RANMA as he
speaks.

                                  RYOUGA
                   Go in.  Take the thing.  Call back
                   your mother.  Our bargain is ended.

GENNOSUKE peels herself off the wall, and grins/grimaces -- showing off
*her* fangs, which are sharper and longer than RYOUGA's.  JUPITER sees
this, gasps, and reaches out to grab GENNOSUKE's leg ... just as the
Vampire GENNOSUKE transforms herself into a strangely glowing mist, and
flows into the cracks.  SHAMPOO watches this with a stunned look.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   WHISPER Oh no.  Not that.  Not
                   her ...

Suddenly, all eyes are drawn to the spectacle that is unfolding before
them.  The ultimate, long-awaited, nothing-barred-but-retreat, final
battle between RANMA and RYOUGA.

It is a fight that is completely beyond this humble writer's ability to
imagine, let alone describe.  Consider a typical RANMA/RYOUGA duel in the
series -- then add nearly a thousand years of almost-continual martial
arts training.  Put simply, this is what Ragnarok will be like.  Fight
scene enthusiasts can envision any technique from their favorite film/
anime/manga/comic book ... somewhere in this confrontation, it, or
something like it, will be used.  And probably improved upon.

                                  JUPITER
                   HUSHED Do you think we should ...
                   you know ... help out?

SHAMPOO shakes her head solemnly.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   HUSHED; ACCENTED No.  This an
                   affair of honour.  Inta-ference
                   unask for and unwelcome.  BEAT;
                   UNACCENTED Besides, we wouldn't
                   last ten seconds.  Neither of them
                   is holding back.

And then, quite suddenly, it ends.  RANMA strikes a full-strength blow
following an incredibly difficult series of feints that have left RYOUGA
more or less totally lost.  RYOUGA stands quite still for a full minute,
his eyes open but not seeing anything.  And then, slowly, he crumples.
RANMA doesn't seem to be in much better shape -- he is sweating heavily,
bruised, and red in the face.  He walks over to look down at RYOUGA, his
eyes shadowed.

                                   RANMA
                   You shouldn't have threatened my
                   daughter like that, Ryouga ...

                                  RYOUGA
                   GASPED ... daughter is  ... a
                   vampire ... know?

                                   RANMA
                   I don't care!

RYOUGA smiles.

                                  RYOUGA
                   And ... so ... it ... ends ...

RYOUGA closes his eyes, still smiling.  RANMA, his face like a
thunderbolt, draws back his fist, and then it launches towards RYOUGA's
head like a rocket ...

Cut to back.  Crunching noise.  A long pause.

Cut to a shot of a crowded emergency room.  TENCHI walks purposefully
through the confusion, looking until the look on his face indicates that
he's found what he's looking for.  He heads over towards the bed that
RANMA's lying in, his shirt open, showing the bruises and cuts that he
has.

                                  TENCHI
                   Hey.

RANMA looks up, and smiles.

                                   RANMA
                   Hey yourself.  How you doing?

                                  TENCHI
                   Better than you.

TENCHI pulls up a chair while RANMA starts to chuckle which turns into a
cough.

                                   RANMA
                   I'm gettin' too old for this ...

                                  TENCHI
                   You?  Never happen.  You'll be right
                   in it when Serenity and I are
                   wandering around looking for our
                   teeth.  BEAT  You and Ryouga, huh?

RANMA nods, a trace of weary respect showing on his face.

                                  TENCHI
                   That must've been ...

                                   RANMA
                   It was.  SHAKES HEAD It was.
                   BEAT And in all the confusion, we
                   let Gennosuke get away with the Dark
                   Crystal.

                                  TENCHI
                   FLINCH Ouch.

                                   RANMA
                   Serenity's pissed, am I right?

TENCHI purses his lips in consideration as he slowly shakes his head.

                                  TENCHI
                   Nooooo ... more resigned than angry.
                   BEAT Endymion would fit the term,
                   though.

RANMA makes a face.

                                   RANMA
                   Oh, so the Prettyboy Warrior Tuxedo
                   Mask is upset.  I'm terrified, can't
                   you see me quivering.

                                  TENCHI
                   SMILING That's mean ...

                                   RANMA
                   SNORTS; BEAT I need a favor.

                                  TENCHI
                   What?

Cut to RYOUGA's still face.

                               AKARI (O.S.)
                   Ryouga-sama ... wakie-wakie.

RYOUGA's eyes blink open.  He seems much more relaxed, and much of the red
has gone out of his eyes.  RYOUGA leans against a large tree, wearing his
old gold shirt and bandana.  UNRYUU AKARI smiles down at him.

                                   AKARI
                   You're so cute when you sleep ...

RYOUGA blinks.

                                  RYOUGA
                   Akari-chan?  But ...

                                   AKARI
                   But what?

For a moment he looks like the old RYOUGA ... then he settles down.

                                  RYOUGA
                   Nothing ... I guess I must have had
                   a nightmare.  BEAT I can't even
                   remember much of it ...

                                   AKARI
                   That's probably for the best.  I had
                   a nightmare once ... but you don't
                   want to hear about that.  SHUDDERS

                                  RYOUGA
                   Huh?  No ... no, if you'd like to
                   tell me about it.

                                   AKARI
                   Well ... you were there.  You were
                   threatening to *kill* a poor girl
                   just to hurt someone else!  But you
                   wouldn't ever do that ... would you,
                   Ryouga-sama?

The question hangs in the air.

                                  RYOUGA
                   Akari-chan ... if I thought that it
                   might help to end a fight before it
                   got out of hand ... I'd bluff about
                   something like that.  BEAT  But I
                   would never ever actually go through
                   with it ...

                                   AKARI
                   Oh ... well, that's okay, I guess.
                   BEAT Come on!  Akane wants to cook
                   for us, and you know how great her
                   cooking is!

AKARI pulls RYOUGA to his feet, and they head off together, laughing ...
for a moment, just as he leaves our view, RYOUGA seems confused again ...
but it passes.

Cut to RANMA's stern face, as he stares up at a large cryostasis tube in
which a naked RYOUGA hangs suspended.

                              MERCURY (O.S.)
                   Did your psychic interrogation
                   produce satisfactory results?

RANMA nods forcefully, then realizes that he's not alone.  He turns to
look at MERCURY, who is standing some distance away, staring at him with
vague irritation.

                                   RANMA
                   Yeah.  BEAT  He wouldn't have
                   really killed Gennosuke.  He was
                   just bluffing ...

MERCURY slowly walks up to stand beside him in silence.

                                   RANMA
                   And you're going to keep him like
                   that until you can find a cure?

                                  MERCURY
                   Yes.  Even though he's not as much
                   of a menace, in predatory terms, as
                   Ms. Kuonji, we can't let someone
                   like that wander around unhindered.
                   BEAT Mr. Saotome ... if you don't
                   mind my asking, what are his dreams
                   like?

RANMA is silent for a long time.

                                   RANMA
                   He's perfectly at peace.  It was as
                   if ... as if he'd never really been
                   interested in beating me as knowing
                   once and for all ... just which one
                   of us was better.  BEAT He has the
                   three women that he's loved -- Akane
                   and Akari and ...

RANMA breaks off, and looks flustered at MERCURY, who merely lifts an
eyebrow, bidding him continue.

                                   RANMA
                   ... and there's one other -- with
                   him, in a place of utter contentment
                   and bliss.  BEAT  But a small part
                   of him ... a very small part ... is
                   aware that it's all an illusion.
                   That Akane died a long time ago ...
                   that he never was able to make it
                   work with Akari ... and that the
                   other one is --

                                  MERCURY
                   I know.

                                   RANMA
                   He did care about you, Mizuno-
                   sensei.

                                  MERCURY
                   I know.

                                   RANMA
                   But anyway, part of him knows that
                   he's making it all up.  BEAT  And
                   that part of him is in hell.

RANMA reaches to touch the pyrex of the stasis tube, just under RYOUGA's
face.  His face is almost as cold as RYOUGA's was during their fight.

                                   RANMA
                   That's punishment enough for what he
                   almost did to my daughter.

RANMA abruptly turns and walks away.  We hear the door slide open, then
shut.  MERCURY stands still, looking up at RYOUGA.  We hear the door slide
open, then shut again.  A YOUNG WOMAN with long blue hair, dressed in a
gray special forces uniform, walks up to stand beside MERCURY.  There is a
long silence.

                                YOUNG WOMAN
                   Is that man my father?

                                  MERCURY
                   Yes.

There is another long silence.

                                YOUNG WOMAN
                   I'd like to hear about him, mother.

                                  MERCURY
                   He was the most gentle violent man I
                   ever met.  BEAT  And I loved him a
                   lot.

Cut to the interior of an undecorated apartment room.  PRISS opens the
door and walks in with a disgusted expression, and dropping her jacket on
the floor.

                                   PRISS
                   That was the most ... okay, *second*
                   most boring job I've ever wound up
                   doing.  What was I *thinking*?  Me,
                   a cop?

PRISS walks to her futon, flumps down on it, and stares up at the ceiling.

                                   PRISS
                   T.V. On.

A panel of the wall shifts to form a television screen, and shows a black
and white image of a news ANCHORWOMAN.

                              TV ANCHORWOMAN
                   ... and returning to our top story,
                   Crystal Palace spokesperson Lady
                   Jupiter has officially denied any
                   truth to the rumors that this
                   evening's aborted attack on the
                   Palace was intitiated by fanatic
                   proponents of a political union of
                   the Crystal Kingdom and the Jurai
                   Star Kingdom.  While Lady Jupiter
                   refused to divulge any other
                   information about the attackers, she
                   remained adamant that it had nothing
                   to do with the upcoming referendum.

                                   PRISS
                   SOFTLY What was I thinking?  I'm
                   not a detective.  I'm a ... BEAT
                   God, I don't know what the fuck I
                   am anymore.  I'm tired.

                              TV ANCHORWOMAN
                   In a special advance poll of the
                   major North American city states,
                   of those surveyed, 60% indicated
                   that they believed that ending ties
                   to Jurai would benefit the Crystal
                   Kingdom.

Suddenly, there is the sound of a phone ringing.  PRISS lets out a sigh,
pulls a small portable phone out of her jacket pocket, and flips it open.

                                   PRISS
                   Hopeless Crusades Incorporated.

                              SHEILA (PHONE)
                   Priss?

PRISS is suddenly wary.

                                   PRISS
                   Oh.  Uh ... hi. BEAT How'd you get
                   my number?

                              SHEILA (PHONE)
                   I asked Raye for it.

                                   PRISS
                   And she --

                              SHEILA (PHONE)
                   No, she told me to leave you alone.
                   So I had a friend of mine in medical
                   do some checking.

                                   PRISS
                   Uh.  So, this friend of yours also
                   knows.

                              SHEILA (PHONE)
                   She promised she'd forget.

                                   PRISS
                   How the hell is she gonna --

                              SHEILA (PHONE)
                   Listen, I'm sorry that I scared you
                   when I told you about --

                                   PRISS
                   You *didn't* scare me.

                              SHEILA (PHONE)
                   Surprised?

                                   PRISS
                   Yeah, surprised sounds good.

                              SHEILA (PHONE)
                   Listen ... this has been a long day
                   for pretty much everyone in the
                   city.  I want to talk to you ... but
                   you sound as beat as I feel.  Would
                   you like to go out for coffee
                   tomorrow?

PRISS stares up at the ceiling.

                              SHEILA (PHONE)
                   Priss?

                                   PRISS
                   Why?

                              SHEILA (PHONE)
                   I want to get to know --

PRISS sits up, her face tense.

                                   PRISS
                   *Why* are you following me around?

                              SHEILA (PHONE)
                   I'm *not* following you!  We just
                   keep running into each other by
                   coincidence!

                                   PRISS
                   One time is an accident, twice is a
                   coincidence, three times is a --

                              SHEILA (PHONE)
                   It's only *been* two times!

PRISS blinks.

                                   PRISS
                   But --

                              SHEILA (PHONE)
                   I don't know why I'm drawn to you,
                   either!  I don't *like* violent
                   people!  I don't like my *mother*
                   when she gets violent!  I lost my
                   parents because they were Senshi,
                   dammit!  BEAT I don't know why I
                   want to be around you.  I just know
                   that it makes sense to my heart.

PRISS closes her eyes, and for a long moment there is silence.

                              SHEILA (PHONE)
                   Priss?  BEAT  Still there?

PRISS still has her eyes closed.

                                   PRISS
                   Yeah, I'm still here.

                              SHEILA (PHONE)
                   So ... what do you say to a coffee
                   to discuss ... things?

                                   PRISS
                   OPENS EYES I'll see what happens
                   ... I'll call you back, okay?

                              SHEILA (PHONE)
                   O-okay.  Listen, I'm sorry that I --

                                   PRISS
                   Never mind.  I'll call you.

PRISS clicks the phone off, sets it down, and stares up at the ceiling.

Cut to SHEILA, holding a corded phone to the side of her head with an
immensely dissatisfied expression.  After a moment, she slams the phone
down.

                               CATTY (O.S.)
                   Please don't use hospital property
                   in anger.

SHEILA turns to look down at CATTY, who is sitting at the desk on which
the phone rests.  She forces a smile.

                                  SHEILA
                   Thanks anyway, Catty.  I owe you one
                   now.

CATTY smiles.

                                   CATTY
                   She's not quite what either of us
                   expected, is she?

SHEILA shakes her head, pain in her eyes.

                                  SHEILA
                   No.  No, she isn't.

Cut to PRISS.  Her foot is rubbing against something, and she looks up to
see what it is -- the thick book "A Journal".

                                   PRISS
                   Maybe I should get some reading done
                   tonight.

An image of Sylia's smirking face hovers over the book.  PRISS blinks.
The hallucination vanishes.

                                   PRISS
                   Maybe not.  HEAD DROPS  Lights
                   off.

Cut to an exterior shot of PRISS' small appartment complex -- which looks
remarkably similar to Ikkoku-kan -- just as the light in the top middle
room goes out.

Cut to RANMA's bed.  A human form is wrapped up in blankets, and curled up
as if sleeping.  SHAMPOO approaches, her face serious.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Ranma, we have a serious situation.
                   Orbital control just reported that a
                   small ship registered to a Kurenai
                   Konatsu just took off from Crystal
                   Tokyo starport after filing a flight
                   plan for Mars. BEAT From the name,
                   you can guess who it probably was.
                   She has the Dark Crystal, Ranma.
                   Mizuno-sensei has stated that she
                   was told that Gennosuke wants to
                   bring Ukyou back to life.  BEAT
                   We *can't* let that happen.

TENCHI slowly sits up in bed and smiles at SHAMPOO, who looks at him
nonplussedly.

                                  TENCHI
                   Very interesting.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Ranma is where?

He's standing behind her.

                                   RANMA
                   And why should it be a bad thing if
                   she brings Ukyou back to life?

SHAMPOO turns to look at RANMA.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   If she uses the Dark Crystal to
                   grant any wishes of her heart --
                   things that she desires above all
                   else in the world -- the Crystal
                   will twist and pervert the wish to
                   maximize the amount of chaos and
                   pain the wish could cause. BEAT
                   Bringing Ukyou back would fit into
                   that category, I think.

                                   RANMA
                   FROWNS That could be bad.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Mars and I are going to Mars after
                   her.  Will you come with us?

RANMA stares daggers at her.

                                   RANMA
                   I'll come.  I'm not coming to stop
                   her, I'm coming to protect my
                   daughter from you.  That's all.  I
                   don't want you to imitate Cologne.
                   BEAT One person that I loved dead
                   at the hands of the Amazons is
                   enough, thanks.

SHAMPOO closes her eyes.  When she finally speaks, her voice slowly grows
in intensity until she shrieks the final words.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   You are absolutely right.  Cologne
                   killed Ukyou.  OPENS EYES  And
                   when she did, it was all that I
                   could do to STOP MYSELF FROM
                   CHEERING WHEN THE STAFF SPLIT HER
                   SKULL AND PULPED HER BRAINS!

RANMA is staring at her furious face in utter horror, and everyone else
has stopped in their tracks to stare at them.

                                   RANMA
                   Wha -- what d-did she EVER do to --

                                  SHAMPOO
                   *Nothing*.  To *me*.  I hated her
                   for the *despicable* thing that she
                   did to you after Akane died.

                                   RANMA
                   You jealous ...  she *comforted* me
                   after ...

                                  SHAMPOO
                   After she --

SHAMPOO breaks off, closes her eyes again, lets out another deep breath,
and turns to walk away.  RANMA grabs her arm.  His face is white with
anger.

                                   RANMA
                   After she *what*, damn you?

SHAMPOO slowly turns to stare at him.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   After she murdered Akane.

                          To Be Continued.





------------------------------------------------------------------------


Together Again: 2937 Chapter, 04/21/97