                                  PRELUDE

Blackness.

                             IN THE YEAR 2937

Establishing Shot:  The vastness of space, looking towards the Galactic
Core.  Slowly, our view rotates to take in a section of the Sol System's
Asteroid Belt.  It is one of the most densely occupied regions of the
system, surpassed only by the so-called ARM (an obsolete term referring to
the space between Earth and its moon, inclusively) in population.

                         MATTISE DALCASSIO (V.O.)
                   Log entry 2 of the Salvage Ship 
                   Alita; June 23, 2937.  W.O. 
                   Matisse DalCassio recording. BEAT 
                   My life sucks.  Ever since they kicked 
                   me off Earth, it's been one lousy 
                   thing after another.

Our view slowly encompasses the Salvage Ship Alita, an ugly thing that
looks like one of the work pods from the film "2001" grafted onto the body
of a rocket.  Its gripper arms dangle unused.

                         MATTISE DALCASSIO (V.O.)
                   It's not right!  Why should I be
                   expelled from Earth, just because
                   I think that bitch Serenity should
                   be taken out of office, by force if
                   necessary?  Just because the group
                   of dissidents I belonged to just
                   happened to be being run by an old
                   robot?  BEAT  Just because I
                   planted a few bombs?  I mean, no
                   one *important* died.  Hell, those
                   sorry twerps hadn't contributed
                   to the Realm's well-being since
                   maturity!  I removed a drain on our
                   resources!  Those ungrateful sods
                   should be enlightened by my
                   actions! SHOUTING I SHOULDA GOT
                   OFF! PAUSES.  POUTINGLY Instead, I
                   get exiled to the Asteroids for the
                   rest of my natural life.  And these
                   morons out here have *no* artistic
                   sensibility whatsoever!  Why else
                   should I, one of the greatest
                   authors of my generation, be
                   reduced to working as a pilot on a
                   crappy salvage ship like this?

Cut to the inside of the cockpit of the Alita.  We see the rear of
DALCASSIO's helmeted head (he is wearing a space suit).  A red light
begins to flash on the control panel.

                             MATISSE DALCASSIO
                   Huh?  Oh!  Computer, overwrite log
                   entry, beginning at date.  Have
                   encountered drifting ship.  LOW
                   WHISTLE  Wow!  It's a big one!
                   I wonder why Space Command let it
                   get this far in?  Ah, bunch of
                   beareaucrats ... well, their loss
                   is our gain.

Cut to exterior shot of the Alita approaching the drifting ship.  The
Alita matches velocities, before extending its waldoes to grip the sides
of the ship.  This accomplished, the Alita's retrorockets fire, slowing
both ships down to a relative stop.

                         MATISSE DALCASSIO (V.O.)
                   The name on the ship is ... well,
                   it sounds familiar, but I can't
                   place it.  BEAT  Scanners show
                   no life signs ... but there's an
                   odd power flux showing.  I think
                   I'd better go in and check.

A door opens up on the side of the Alita, and a metal ladder descends to
the drifting ship.  DALCASSIO climbs down, and works his way across the
ship to an airlock.  This opens after a few seconds of work, with only a
little escaping air.  DALCASSIO enters.

Series of shots of DALCASSIO exploring the ship.  As the scanners
indicated, it's an empty ship.  The air quality is more or less nil, and
it seems that any of the furnishings of the ship's rather sumptuous
living quarters have disintegrated due to old age.  DALCASSIO's search
finally leads him to the ship's dead reactor chamber.  Therein are two
coffin-like constructions, connected to a large battery.  There are
opaque windows on top of each coffin, and metal scribed writing beneath
each window.  DALCASSIO inspects the writing on one of the "coffins".  He
reacts as if greatly shocked.

                             MATISSE DALCASSIO
                   No WAY.

He inspects the other "coffin."

                             MATISSE DALCASSIO
                   Oh.  MY.  GOD!

Cut to exterior shots of DALCASSIO rapidly exiting the ship, making his
way to the ladder, and climbing up to the Alita.  Cut to DALCASSIO
climbing into the command chair, and flipping on a switch.

                             MATISSE DALCASSIO
                   Control?  This is the Alita.  I've
                   made an extremely important
                   discovery, and I think you'd better
                   get the chief on the line!

Cut to an exterior shot of a larger vessel now accompanying Alita and the
drifting ship.  The airlock of the drifter has been replaced.

Cut to the reactor chamber, now brightly lit, and occupied by the CHIEF,
two large BODYGUARDS standing on either side of DALCASSIO, and a SCIENTIST
who is occupied with some diagnostic computer, examining one of the
"coffins".  The CHIEF is a cold-featured man, who doesn't seem to be
listening too carefully to DALCASSIO's speech.

                         MATTISE DALCASSIO
                   BABBLING Anyway, I get on board
                   the ship, and I find these things.
                   I can remember learning about some
                   sort of experiment that the
                   Galactic Union -- no, sorry, the
                   United Galactica, always get those
                   two mixed up -- that they tried an
                   experiment using transmat tech as a
                   life preserving method.  The idea
                   was that in an emergency, the crew
                   would get put in a transmat tube
                   and be converted into an energy
                   pattern, to be reassembled when
                   they were rescued.  Of course, you
                   ran the risk of something causing
                   an interrupt in the power supply to
                   the matrix, or the juice just plain
                   running out ... But that didn't
                   happen, you can see for yourself
                   that the battery is still running.
                   But I'm figuring, no way are they
                   gonna be intact, that experiment
                   was in the late 2140s, but I might
                   as well get the names, for history
                   if nothing else, and boom.  It all
                   comes together.  Their names, the
                   dates, the ship's name ... it's
                   THEM.

The SCIENTIST stands up, and turns to speak to the chief.

                                 SCIENTIST
                   I've run every test I can imagine.
                   These two are still stable, and can
                   be revived whenever you're ready.

The CHIEF nods, and turns to look at DALCASSIO.

                                   CHIEF
                   Mr. DalCassio, you're quite right,
                   this is a momentous discovery.  I
                   would like to congratulate you
                   personally.

DALCASSIO bows, grinning widely.

                                   CHIEF
                   Unfortunately, we can't allow you
                   to live with the knowledge that you
                   have. TO THE BODYGUARDS Toss him
                   out the airlock.

Each BODYGUARD grabs one of the stunned DALCASSIO's arms, and bodily
carries him out of the room.  Cut to the exterior of the airlock.  The
door opens for a moment, and DALCASSIO shoots out, obviously trying to
hold his breath.  This is a terrible mistake to make in space -- the drop
in external pressure causes a scene that would be distasteful to describe.

Cut to the reactor chamber.  The CHIEF is looking at the coffins, and
smiling evilly.

                                   CHIEF
                   This is incredible.  After those
                   idiots on Earth screw things up, we
                   have the perfect weapon to correct
                   their mistake!

                                 SCIENTIST
                   I wouldn't categorize them as a
                   weapon ...

                                   CHIEF
                   Why not?  After all, when we point
                   them at Neo-Queen Serenity, what
                   happens won't be ... THEIR fault,
                   will it?

Cut to shots of the name plates on the coffins.  One reads "KEI".  The
other reads "YURI".  Cut to an exterior shot of the space ship ... the
name on its side is "LOVELY ANGEL".

                       An Inevitable Outcome Feature

                           Written and Directed
                           by C. Richard Davies

                              TOGETHER AGAIN

                               2937 Chapter

                           Based on the works of
                     Naoko Takeuchi, Rumiko Takahashi,
                   Suzuki Toshimichi, Haruka Takachiho,
                       Hiroki Hayashi, Yuuki Masami,
                    and various interpretations therof.

                Dedicated to Gryphon, MegaZone, and ReRob.

                                  ACT ONE

Establishing shot:  A panoramic view of Crystal Tokyo from a great
height.  The city combines the architecture of a city of the late
twentieth and early twenty-first centuries with a unique crystalline
style.  We see a booted foot tapping against a carpeted floor.  Our view
moves up the red synth-leather pants to a red synthleather jacket, until
we reach the head of PRISCILLA S. ASAGIRI.  She is staring at a window,
and we can only see her face in a reflection.  Her expression is
irritated.  Suddenly she flushes, and we hear the tapping noise stop.

                                   PRISS
                   What the heck is taking her so ...

Our view changes to include a wider take of the waiting room, including
the couch opposite the large picture window in front of which PRISS is
standing, on which RAYE (aka LADY MARS), dressed in a Roman style toga
with various pieces of red jewelry, is sitting.  Even the eyepatch over
her left eye is red-tinted.

                                   RAYE
                   Serenity's probably just making sure
                   that everything's in order with the
                   *last* person that she spoke with --
                   determining the feasibility of his
                   petition, etcetera ...

PRISS turns to look at her.

                                   PRISS
                   What I don't get is, why do I have
                   to go through all this *public* crap
                   so I can do *secret* work for you?

                                   RAYE
                   SIGH  I *thought* we'd gone over
                   this before.  You *won't* be working
                   for me, you'll be working for
                   Crystal Tokyo ... but I will
                   definitely try to get the most work
                   out of you.  There aren't many who
                   have *half* your experience in
                   piloting human-scale mecha ... but
                   anyway, Serenity has to approve ...

PRISS turns to look out the window again.

                                   PRISS
                   FLATLY I've only got something
                   like three years experience, Raye.

                                   RAYE
                   Consciously, yes.  But unconsciously
                   you've got nearly *TEN*.  All we
                   need is unlock your memories --

                                   PRISS
                   *Which* were locked up without my
                   permission.

RAYE lets out a deep sigh.  We close in on her eye.

                         MUSIC VIDEO FLASHBACK #1
As a slow, gentle instrumental (piano and saxophone) version of "Konya wa
Hurricane" plays, we see snippets of the life of Priscilla S. Asagiri, in
sepiatone.  Being run off the road by a car, out of which steps Sylia,
smiling.  Looking up at her with distrust.  ("Asu e Touchdown")  Suiting
up in a blue hardsuit.  ("Blow Up")  Standing on top of a building with
her visor open to a rising sun with the other Knight Sabres -- Linna,
Nene, and Sylia.  ("Red Eyes").  Tapping Nene's hardsuit on the shoulder,
seeing it fall over and reacting to the horrific sight of Nene's crushed
face.  Seeing the Sailor Soldiers appear to destroy a group of boomers.
Lifting her railgun arm to ward off Sailor Jupiter when she comes too
close.  Sailor Jupiter breaking her arms with a cold expression.
Screaming.  Lying down in a tube that slowly fills with cryogenic fluid,
her expression all but dead.  Floating in suspended animation.  Awakening
violently, and having to be wrestled down and sedated.  Working at a
dull, pointless task.  Attending a meeting that suddenly turns violent
when it is revealed that Raye is present incognito.  Helping Mars to
escape into the sewers, then turning a stolen gun on her, which Mars
takes away easily.  Breaking down in tears suddenly.  Mars removing a
device from her back, that produces a hologram of Neo-Queen Serenity
which restores her memories of some of these events in a flash.  Looking
as hopeless as she had when she went into suspended animation.  Firing
the gun at an approaching boomer.  Leaping at it as it prepares to fire
its particle beam, shoving the gun down the emitter, and leaping back as
it explodes, being caught in the explosion.  Looking up at a statue of
the Knight Sabres standing in the position that we had seen them in
earlier.  Watching Raye walk away in the rain, and calling out to her.
Raye turns, and smiles.  Priss hurries to catch up to her.  ("Best of All
The Years")
                       END MUSIC VIDEO FLASHBACK #1

We pull back from RAYE's eye, and see that there is a look of fondness on
her face.  She shakes her head

                                   RAYE
                   Priss, all I can do is promise that
                   as soon as we have you signed up,
                   I'll see to it that you're examined
                   by the best neuropsitechs that we've
                   got.  It shouldn't be too hard to
                   recover your memories ... I mean,
                   after all, you *have* them, they're
                   just locked up.  It could be much
                   worse, there are ways to permanently
                   burn memories out of a mind ...

                                   PRISS
                   HEAVY SARCASM Great ...

RAYE is forming a reply to that as the doors to the throne room open, and
a short woman with black hair and red highlights (IZUMI NOA II) wearing a
Crystal Tokyo Police uniform walks out, muttering to herself with a
furious expression.  She looks up at Raye suddenly, and gasps.

                                    NOA
                   Lady Mars, I need to speak with you
                   at once!

                                   RAYE
                   BLINKS Ah ... you're ... Chief
                   Izumi, correct?  Of the Patrol Labor
                   Brigade?

                                    NOA
                   Yes!  Well, Chief Izumi the Second,
                   if you want to get technical, but in
                   any case, your Excellency, I need to
                   speak with you right away!

                                   RAYE
                   Unfortunately, I have to speak with
                   her Majesty right now, but this
                   probably shouldn't take much more
                   than a few minutes ... can whatever
                   it is wait that long?

PRISS stands back and watches as NOA visibly gets herself under control.

                                    NOA
                   I ... yes, I guess so.  But it
                   really is urgent!

                                   RAYE
                   I won't be very long.

With a nod of her head, RAYE gestures for PRISS to follow her into the
throne room.  NOA gives PRISS a strange look as she walks past.  It is
almost as though she recognizes her, but not quite.

The Throne Room of NEO-QUEEN SERENITY, Savior of the Earth, Defender of
Humanity, and Soldier of the Light, is fairly small as such structures
go.  It is a hexagon, with the throne itself at the center, and a single
path leading to the main entrance.  The walls are polished mirrors, except
for the one with the door, which is a gleaming silver.

SERENITY is sitting on her shining throne polishing off a dish of
unrecognizable pasta when we see her.  She looks up while chewing,
swallows, and smiles broadly.

                                 SERENITY
                   We meet once more, Ms. Asagiri.  I
                   would offer to share my lunch with
                   you, but there is not much left, as
                   you can see ...

                                   RAYE
                   SARCASTIC Wow, lunch was served
                   ten minutes ago, and there's still
                   some left?  You're improving ...

SERENITY raises her eyebrows.

                                 SERENITY
                   BORED TONE Wah.  Raye, you are
                   always so mean to me.  And you set a
                   terrible example for Ms. Asagiri in
                   doing so ... after all, she cannot
                   expect to insult me and escape the
                   headsman's axe, as you do ...

                                   PRISS
                   Say what?

Serenity smiles even more broadly.

                                 SERENITY
                   In any case, Mars, you should be
                   aware that Chief Izumi was kind
                   enough to share my chuz'engiatti,
                   despite being rather anxious.  I
                   would ask that you please at least
                   give what she has to say to you a
                   fair hearing.

                                   RAYE
                   NODS Right.

                                 SERENITY
                   Thus, we should get on with it.

SERENITY sets the plate down beside the throne, stands up, and gestures.
Pink light fills the room, concentrating around Serenity's outstretched
hand and her eyes.  PRISS is visibly unnerved by this, but not as much as
you might think -- or at least, she does a good job of hiding it.

                                   PRISS
                   So, do I kneel or what?

                                 SERENITY
                   Only if you so desire. WHISPERED
                   Repeat after me: "I ..."

                                   PRISS
                   I, Priscilla Serena Asagiri ...

                                 SERENITY
                   BLINKS THEN CONTINUES TO WHISPER
                   "... do swear to uphold and defend
                   the Realm of the Crystal Kingdom of
                   Earth from threats within and
                   without, advised by those whom the
                   people of the Realm have chosen as
                   their governance, and by their sworn
                   deputies."

PRISS repeats the words, and the pink light glows even more brightly with
every passing second.

                                 SERENITY
                   "This I swear by ..."

                                   PRISS
                   Uh ... this I swear by ...THINKS
                   by ... myself.

SERENITY's mouth quirks up in a half-smile.

                                 SERENITY
                   And I, Serenity, do swear to never
                   advise you to act contrary to the
                   laws of the Realm of Crystal Tokyo,
                   to never advise you to act contrary
                   to your safety without your granted
                   permission, and to never advise you
                   to do what you will not do.  This I
                   swear by the One whose Name is at
                   the Heart of Time.

SERENITY gently touches PRISS' forehead, and the pink light pulses
becoming blindingly bright, overwhelming all else.

                              VOICE #1 (male)
                   BE THOU TRUE, PALLADIN OF CRYSTAL
                   TOKYO.

The light level returns to normal.  PRISS blinks repeatedly, while
Serenity settles back into her throne with a pleased sigh.

                                 SERENITY
                   Now, Mars, I have certain things to
                   discuss with Ms. Asagiri, and Chief
                   Izumi is waiting on you.

                                   RAYE
                   NODS Right.  Priss, come talk with
                   me when she's done bending your ear,
                   okay?

PRISS nods with a certain degree of uncertainty in her expression.  RAYE
walks out of the throne room, and out the door.  PRISS turns to look at
SERENITY.

                                   PRISS
                   Palladin?

                                 SERENITY
                   That is the term that is used for
                   those who have sworn what you have
                   sworn.

PRISS seems a bit annoyed by this.

                                   PRISS
                   So now I'm supposed to go about
                   smiting the unholy forces of
                   darkness?

                                 SERENITY
                   BLINKS No, actually, that is
                   *my* task.  The term means "great
                   warrior".  I do not think that
                   you are humble enough to attempt
                   to deny that describes you?

                                   PRISS
                   Uh ...

                                 SERENITY
                   Rest assured, Ms. Asagiri, you have
                   not been given any supernatural
                   powers by this oathswearing.  It is
                   merely a ceremony, that is all.
                   BEAT Unless you violate your
                   oath, but I don't believe you'll do
                   that.

                                   PRISS
                   So now what?

                                 SERENITY
                   Now you are free to do whatever you
                   so desire, until such time I or one
                   of my allies calls upon you for
                   your services.  Perhaps Lady Mars
                   will have need of you in the matter
                   that she is discussing now with
                   Chief Izumi ... or perhaps not.  Is
                   there anything that I can do for
                   you?

                                   PRISS
                   Can you fix my memories?

SERENITY looks very sad, and hesitates for a long while before answering.

                                 SERENITY

                   I cannot, personally.  I must
                   confess a thing, Ms. Asagiri.  We
                   erred grievously when we had your
                   memories edited in the way that we
                   did ...

                                   PRISS
                   No shit?

                                 SERENITY
                   Please, Ms. Asagiri, hear me out
                   *before* you condemn me. BEAT
                   You realize, of course, that even
                   before your memories were interfered
                   with, you suffered from a form of
                   post-traumatic amnesia, arising
                   from the shock of the Great Kanto
                   Earthquake?

PRISS looks distinctly uncomfortable.

                                   PRISS
                   Yeah, so?  A lot of bad stuff went
                   down that day ...

                                 SERENITY
                   I know, Ms. Asagiri.  I was there.
                   BEAT  Unfortunately, the
                   techniques that we used to seal
                   away many of your memories seem to
                   have paralleled the damage that --

                                   PRISS
                   This is leading up to telling me
                   that you don't have a clue as to how
                   to get my memories back, isn't it?

SERENITY appears deeply apologetic and embarrassed.

                                   PRISS
                   Terrific.  Ter-rif-ic.

                                 SERENITY
                   It is not *that* severe ... after
                   all you are capable of remembering
                   some ...

                                   PRISS
                   VIOLENTLY I can remember a really
                   fucking *lousy* hour in 2041, and
                   that's it!  You morons cost me seven
                   years!

                                 SERENITY
                   I am sorry, Ms. Asagiri.

                                   PRISS
                   Don't say you're bloody sorry, *fix*
                   *it*!

                                 SERENITY
                   SIGHS We will certainly try to do
                   so.  I encourage you to make an
                   appointment with Lady Mercury to
                   have her give you a more expert
                   diagnosis.

PRISS flinches at this.

                                   PRISS
                   SOTTO VOCE Great, she hates my
                   guts.

                                 SERENITY
                   Actually, she does not.  What gave
                   you that impression?

                                   PRISS
                   Well, she insisted that I not be
                   allowed within ...

                                 SERENITY
                   Oh, that incident.  I would ask that
                   you remember that you were, although
                   unaware of it, embarked on a covert
                   operation on our behalf -- and that
                   much of the deniability of that
                   operation rested on the fact that
                   you had not received any instructions
                   from any of the `Royal Circle', as a
                   psychic probe would have revealed.
                   But had Lady Mercury chanced to meet
                   you, it could have been argued that
                   she activated deeply buried psychic
                   programming which wouldn't have shown
                   up on a normal scan.  Therefore, she
                   avoided that possibility.

                                   PRISS
                   Uh.  I guess that makes sense ...
                   sort of.  So she's not angry about
                   the time that I broke her nose?

                                 SERENITY
                   Not any more.  At the time she
                   desired to have you ... ahem, in any
                   case, Lady Mercury is not the sort
                   of person to hold grudges.

                                   PRISS
                   LONG PAUSE Right.  I ... guess
                   I'll go see her first chance I get.

                                 SERENITY
                   Well, then, if there isn't anything
                   else you would care to talk about --

                                   PRISS
                   Nope.  Nothing.

SERENITY stares at her, blinking several times.  Finally she shrugs.

                                 SERENITY
                   Then permit me to bid you good day.

PRISS gives a brusque wave, and heads off towards the doors.  SERENITY
watches her go, and we hear the doors close.

                                 SERENITY
                   Ah, Raye.  You will not have an easy
                   time with that one. SMILES But
                   when have you ever wanted an easy
                   job?

Cut to PRISS closing the door behind her, and pausing for a moment, to
look out at the view of Crystal Tokyo.

                            LADY JUPITER (off)
                   What are you doing here?

PRISS turns rapidly, to look at LADY JUPITER, who is wearing a toga with
green jewelry.  She gazes at PRISS with a flat, hostile expression.

                                   PRISS
                   I was in a meeting with the Queen.

JUPITER says nothing, stares.

                                   PRISS
                   She gave me permission to be one of
                   her agents.

JUPITER turns from her, and heads towards the doors to the throne room.

                                   PRISS
                   Uh ... listen.  I'm sorry that I hit
                   your friend.

JUPITER pauses, but does not look back.

                                   PRISS
                   I ... overreacted a little.  I'll go
                   apologize to her.

JUPITER speaks without looking back at PRISS

                                  JUPITER
                   It is hard, however, to apologize to
                   the dead.

PRISS reacts as though she's been slapped.

                                   PRISS
                   I ... what?

                                  JUPITER
                   Where will you be in the moment of
                   crisis, Priscilla Asagiri?  When we
                   need you, as others have needed you,
                   will you fold on us, as you did on
                   them?

PRISS' jaw drops.

                                   PRISS
                   W-where the fuck do you get off ...
                   No.  Screw this, I don't have to
                   stand here and take this shit from
                   you!

PRISS turns and heads for the doors leading out of the waiting room.  Her
hand is on the doorknob.

                                  JUPITER
                   Coward.

PRISS' hand tightens on the doorknob.  We see her face.  She is furious,
her eyes are almost glowing red.  She speaks without looking at JUPITER.

                                   PRISS
                   If I didn't know it'd be the most
                   lopsided fight since ...

                                  JUPITER
                   Whenever you're ready, Priscilla
                   Asagiri.  I am at your immediate
                   disposal.

JUPITER opens the doors to the throne room, and goes in, shutting (not
slamming) them behind her.  PRISS stands where she is for a second, almost
quaking with rage.  She finally opens the door, steps through, and slams
it behind her.  The slam reverberates.

Cut to a shot of KEI's face.  Her eyes are closed, and she is apparently
sleeping peacefully.  Suddenly, her eyes flash open, and she looks around
without moving her head.

                                    KEI
                   WHISPER Yuri?  BEAT  Yuri?

                                YURI (O.S.)
                   HALF ASLEEP 'N a minute.

KEI turns her head to look at YURI, who is sleeping with a giddy smile.
KEI's face expresses her extreme disgust and exasperation with her
partner.  She lifts her head to look around, and we see that both of them
are lying down on metal beds in a circular, undecorated room.  They are
dressed in their standard uniforms, although unarmed.

                                    KEI
                   MOCK TERROR Eek!  Run, Yuri, it's
                   the Ravenous Bugblatter Beast of
                   Traal!  I'll try and hold it off!

YURI wakes up fully, and lets out a shrill shriek.

                                   YURI
                   Yaaagh!  Beast?  Where?  Wh- BEAT
                   Kei, I'm going to get you for that.

                                    KEI
                   You're gonna have to get in line
                   after whoever's got hold of us.

YURI takes in their surroundings.

                                   YURI
                   Doesn't look like what I'd have
                   thought a Planet Pirate's brig would
                   look like ...

                                    KEI
                   Uh uh.  If the Planet Pirates had
                   been able to catch up to us after
                   the warp drive went out of control
                   like that, they'd have blown us to
                   atoms.

                                   YURI
                   Maybe they decided to hold us for
                   a big ransom from the 3WA.

YURI and KEI share a long look.

                             YURI & KEI (sim.)
                   Yeah, right.

The door slides open, suddenly.  KEI and YURI assume fighting stances, as
the CHIEF steps in.

                                   CHIEF
                   Ah, good!  You're awake.

                                    KEI
                   Mister, you've got ten seconds to
                   tell us what's going on.

                                   CHIEF
                   My goodness.  The stories don't do
                   you justice.  You *are* very
                   intimidating ...

                                    KEI
                   FLAT Flattery will ...

                                   CHIEF
                   But I assure you that I don't mean
                   you any harm.  Could I interest you
                   in some refreshment?

Cut to a table with several exotic looking dishes set on it.  KEI and YURI
watch as the CHIEF demonstrates that none of the dishes are poisoned.
Then they dig in.

                                   CHIEF
                   I take it that you *are* in fact,
                   Kei and Yuri, the famous `Lovely
                   Angels'?

                                   YURI
                   SWALLOWS That's us.  SMILES
                   Thank you for not using that other
                   name.  And who are you?

                                   CHIEF
                   My name is ... not really important
                   at the moment.  I run the salvage
                   company that chanced upon your
                   vessel as it drifted through space.
                   We brought you out of timefreeze
                   a few hours ago, but you seemed to
                   be comatose as a result of your
                   lengthy ... disjunction.

                                   YURI
                   Lengthy?  Just how lengthy are we
                   talking, here?

                                   CHIEF
                   History records that the Lovely
                   Angel was reported as lost with all
                   hands, on or shortly before May 12,
                   2147. BEAT  That was nearly eight
                   hundred years ago.

YURI and KEI react to this as one might expect.

                                   YURI
                   Eight ... *HUNDRED*?

                                   CHIEF
                   NODS The accounts that we have
                   are confusing.  It appears that a
                   massive operation was mounted
                   against the so-called Planet
                   Pirates some months later, and
                   when their leader was captured, he
                   boasted of `having blown the ...'
                   uh, here he used that rather
                   uncomplimentary nickname -- `out of
                   space' ... but he subsequently
                   elaborated his claims to describe
                   various lewd and obscene sexual acts
                   that he had performed on both of
                   you ... I apologize ...

                                   YURI
                   Eight ... *HUNDRED*?

The CHIEF appears a bit put out that they are both still reacting to that,
and not to his other comments.

                                   CHIEF
                   Yes.  Eight hundred years.  It is
                   the year 2937.  And I bid you
                   welcome to the accursed, tyrant
                   governed world of ... Earth.

There is a long silence.

                                   YURI
                   Eight ... *HUNDRED*?

Cut to a hallway.  A young woman with bright red hair tied in a long
French braid down her back and gunmetal gray glasses (SHEILA TENKAI) is
walking down a crystal hallway, leafing through a thick pile of papers.
She is dressed in casual clothes -- a sweatshirt (sleeves rolled up to her
elbow) and jeans.

                                  SHEILA
                   Dammit, where is that stupid thing
                   ... Treaty of Hong Kong, Pact of the
                   Seven Kingdoms ... argh.

Cut to PRISS walking through the hallway, her face still angry.  Suddenly,
she slows down, takes a look at her surroundings, and comes to a complete
stop.

                                   PRISS
                   Where the hell am I?

                               SHEILA (o.s.)
                   ... personal letter from the Two
                   Princesses of Roshtaria to the Great
                   Queen of Tokyo ... Roshtaria?  Is
                   that some pre-Union country?  Never
                   mind ...

SHEILA rounds a corner into PRISS line of sight, and walks past her
without noticing her.

                                   PRISS
                   Uh ... 'scuse me.

SHEILA pauses, and turns to look at PRISS.  Her eyes bulge.  Her arms
loosen, and she is in danger of dropping her papers.  PRISS, who by her
expression has seen this sort of hero worship several times already,
sighs.

                                   PRISS
                   Yeah, I'm her.  Don't ask for an
                   autograph, it pisses me off when
                   people do that.  Listen, could you 
                   point me in the direction of the 
                   Royal Infirmary, or wherever Lady 
                   Mercury would be found?

SHEILA works her mouth silently for a few moments, then points down the
direction she came.

                                  SHEILA
                   Uh ... g-go down this corridor, and
                   take a right at the third four way
                   junction.  You can't miss it.

                                   PRISS
                   Thanks.

PRISS heads off.  SHEILA follows her with her eyes.

                                  SHEILA
                   Hoooooo.

Cut to PRISS walking briskly down the corridor.  Suddenly, she pauses and
looks back the way she came.

                                   PRISS
                   Now where the hell have I seen her
                   before ...

PRISS shakes her head, and keeps going.

Cut to a laboratory, a very advanced laboratory, with every sort of
instrument imaginable, and a few that aren't.  We see LADY MERCURY bent
over a microscope.  She is wearing a lab coat and has a pair of glasses
perched on her forehead.

                               PRISS (O.S.)
                   'Scuse me?

MERCURY lifts her head to look up at PRISS who is standing on the other
side of the lab table from her.  MERCURY blinks, then realizes who this
person is.

                                  MERCURY
                   Oh.  Ms. Asagiri, it's nice to see
                   you again.

                                   PRISS
                   Glad someone thinks so.  Uh ... I've
                   been meaning to apologize for ...

                                  MERCURY
                   (laughs) Not at all, Ms. Asagiri.
                   After all, I wasn't overly injured
                   by your actions -- being immortal
                   means healing very quickly.  I was
                   more startled than anything else.
                   In any event, what can I do for you
                   today?

                                   PRISS
                   Well, I was told that you could
                   maybe get me started on the road to
                   fixing my screwed up memory?

MERCURY's face falls.

                                  MERCURY
                   Well, first I should explain what
                   exactly is the source of your
                   difficulties.  I'll give you a
                   layman's version ...

A musical interlude follows, in which a bit of mood music that describes
Mercury overlays a series of still shots of Mercury lecturing to Priss,
pointing out areas of a brain on a hologram, and Priss obviously not
understanding any of it.

                                  MERCURY
                   So you see the problem.

                                   PRISS
                   LONG PAUSE Nope.  Didn't get a bit
                   of what you just said.  It sounded
                   very impressive, but ...

                                  MERCURY
                   SIGH I will simplify.  We can't
                   fix your memories because you seem
                   to have sustained physical damage to
                   your brain at some point.

                                   PRISS
                   PAUSE  That much, I understood.

                                  MERCURY
                   As yet, we are unable to fix brain
                   damage through standard medical
                   technology.  There are alternatives.
                   The first involves nanotechnology --
                   we would inject tiny robots into you
                   which would be programmed to fix the
                   damage.

Our view changes to look at MERCURY and PRISS from a few yards away.  A
woman's hand begins to pick up a number of devices that have been left
lying on a table nearby.

                                   PRISS
                   VERY DUBIOUS Robots.

                                  MERCURY
                   The drawback of the operation is
                   that we don't have an exact idea of
                   what your brain was like before the
                   damage was done.  So the nanobots
                   would be working blind.  Fortunately
                   the artificial intelligence of the
                   current generation of nanobots is
                   very adaptive --

The woman steps into view.  She has pale lavender hair, golden eyes, and a
youthful demeanor and air of innocence.  Her name is, of course, CATTY.

                                   PRISS
                   *VERY* UPSET You want to inject
                   frickin' *boomers* into my brain?!
                   *Micro*-boomers?!

CATTY reacts in shock to PRISS' words, dropping the instruments she is
holding with a clatter.  Both PRISS and MERCURY turn to look at her, PRISS
looking confused, MERCURY looking concerned.

                                  MERCURY
                   Caterina?  Is something wrong?

CATTY turns, her face calm and composed.

                                   CATTY
                   No, Lady Mercury.  It was only that
                   I just now recognized your patient.
                   It is a bit of a shock to realize
                   that one is standing in the
                   presence of a demigod.

PRISS flushes, while MERCURY smiles grimly.

                                  MERCURY
                   According to the cult of Serenity,
                   Caterina, you're `in the presence of
                   a demigod' whenever you're with
                   *me*.  I wasn't aware that you were
                   a venerator of the Knight Sabres.

                                   CATTY
                   I am.  In particular, Ms. Asagiri,
                   I have often admired your work ...

                                   PRISS
                   Uh ... thanks, I guess ... I didn't
                   think it was all that well known.

                                   CATTY
                   It became so within the last forty
                   years, when Lady Mars released her
                   interpretations of a number of your
                   unproduced songs.

PRISS is a bit surprised by this.

                                   PRISS
                   She did?  Huh.  I knew she was a
                   singer, but ... BEAT  Wait a
                   minute, forty years?  You're not --

                                   CATTY
                   SMILES BRIEFLY I am older than I
                   seem, as are you, Ms. Asagiri.  I
                   was particularly fond of the song
                   `What A Fool I Am'.  BEAT  It was
                   very beautiful.

CATTY begins to gather up the instruments she dropped.

                                   CATTY
                   QUICKLY Well, you doubtless have
                   many other things to be concerned
                   with, good day, Ms. Asagiri.

CATTY walks away, stiffly.  PRISS follows her with her eyes, while MERCURY
gives PRISS a very disapproving look.  We hear a door slide open and shut.

                                   PRISS
                   What ... what the hell was her
                   problem?

                                  MERCURY
                   It's never nice to realize that
                   one's idols are as flawed as ...

                                   PRISS
                   *What*?

                                  MERCURY
                   I don't think Caterina was aware of
                   your prejudice against boomers.

PRISS stares at MERCURY for a few seconds, clearly not believing her.

                                   PRISS
                   How the hell does she think I'm
                   gonna act?!  I lost people I cared
                   about to boomers, dammit!

                                  MERCURY
                   I am aware of that.  I am also aware
                   that at least one of those people --
                   one Anri -- *was* --

PRISS holds up a finger.

                                   PRISS
                   Anri and Sylvie were human! BEAT
                   In every way that mattered!  They
                   felt things, they bled, they --
                   You know, the lot of you are really
                   pissing me off!  Where do you get
                   off laying guilt trips like that on
                   me?  What does she care about --

                                  MERCURY
                   I see.  Without agreeing, I can see
                   your point.  I apologize.  PAUSE
                   You are unable to remember anything
                   past August of 2033?

PRISS is startled by this sudden non-sequitur, but is clearly glad to get
off a painful subject.

                                   PRISS
                   Uh ... it's not so much that I can't
                   remember them, it's more like it's a
                   blur, everything just a big mass
                   that I can't understand.

                                  MERCURY
                   Not unlike the memories of your
                   childhood, prior to the earthquake?

                                   PRISS
                   NODS Yeah.  And I *can* remember
                   a few specific incidents from that
                   too ... just like I can remember how
                   it all wound up.  BEAT I remember
                   the first time that I watched `Blade
                   Runner'. BEAT I was six.

                                  MERCURY
                   I see.  PAUSE  I take it that you
                   absolutely refuse nano-treatment?

PRISS nods forcefully.

                                  MERCURY
                   Then I'll have to do some research
                   before I can make any suggestions,
                   other than the final alternative.

                                   PRISS
                   What's the final --

                                  MERCURY
                   Magic.  BEAT  I prefer not to use
                   arcane practices whenever there are
                   other options.

                                   PRISS
                   Geez.  I thought everyone in this
                   town believed in magic.

                                  MERCURY
                   Oh, I believe in magic.  If I didn't
                   I'd have to consider myself to be
                   dangerously delusional.  I just
                   don't *trust* magic.  PAUSE  I
                   will contact you in a week if you
                   don't get in touch with me before
                   then, Ms. Asagiri.  Good day.

MERCURY goes back to looking through the microscope.  PRISS stares at her
for a few seconds, shrugs, and heads off.  We hear a door slide open and
shut.  MERCURY stands up, and heads in the direction that CATTY took,
through a sliding door into a darkened corridor.  CATTY is leaning against
the wall, the instruments she was carrying fallen to her feet.

                                  MERCURY
                   Catty ...

                                   CATTY
                   It is ironic, is it not, that one
                   whom I have considered to be the
                   greatest poet about my kind would
                   hate me if she knew what I am?
                   BEAT It would be like a lesbian
                   meeting Sappho and learning that
                   she is in fact homophobic.

                                  MERCURY
                   For what it's worth, she considers
                   Bu-33S types to be `human in every
                   way that counts'.  And you are
                   structurally closest to that line.

CATTY is silent for a few moments, and then slowly lifts a fist to hit the
wall.

                                  MERCURY
                   Please don't, we still haven't fully
                   repaired the damage from when you
                   lost your first patient.

CATTY holds the fist, then drops it.

                                   CATTY
                   I would weep, except that my maker
                   neglected to incorporate tear glands
                   into my design.

                                  MERCURY
                   I'm sorry, Catty.

MERCURY embraces CATTY, who gradually returns the hug.

Cut to a street in Crystal Tokyo at dusk.  This particular street, lacking
any crystalline structures, is not that much different from a street of
Tokyo in the twentieth or twenty-first centuries.  Our view draws towards
a butcher shop.  Cut to the interior view of the butcher shop.  A hand
taps the bell on the service counter.  The OWNER of the butcher shop comes
out, he is a robust man in his mid forties with a scraggly beard.  He is
cleaning his bloody hands on his apron with an annoyed expresion ... but
his face freezes when he sees his customer.  We see him shortly
therafter.  It is HIBIKI RYOUGA, wearing his traditional headband ... and
a heavy trenchcoat and mirrorshades.

                                   OWNER
                   Oh!  I ... I wasn't expecting you.
                   How ya been?

                                  RYOUGA
                   Fine.  Do you have what I need?

                                   OWNER
                   NODS Yeah, we've been setting it
                   aside for awhile now.  You haven't
                   been in, though, and I wuz starting
                   to think that you mighta found
                   another supplier or ...

RYOUGA vaults over the counter without visible effort.  He closes the
distance to the OWNER in an eyeblink, and seems to loom over him even
though they are about the same height.

                                  RYOUGA
                   `Or'?

                                   OWNER
                   SWALLOWS Or somethin' else.  Look
                   -- it don't make no difference to me
                   that you are what you are.  It's one
                   o' those things, y'know what I'm
                   saying?  So what?  Big deal.

RYOUGA steps around the OWNER, heading for the door that the OWNER emerged
from.  The OWNER turns to keep talking to him.

                                   OWNER
                   An' hey!  You're probably my best
                   customer.  `Come to Crystal Tokyo
                   and open up a butcher shop,' they
                   told me.  They didn't tell me that
                   damn near everyone in town's a
                   firckin' vegetarian!  Me, I like
                   guys like you, what don't do the
                   veggie thing.  CAR-nivores.

RYOUGA pauses, and turns to look at the OWNER, lowering his mirrorshades
for a moment.  We see that his eyes are very bloodshot.

                                  RYOUGA
                   I try to eat a balanced diet.  Too
                   much meat is bad for you.

The OWNER stares at him in confusion.  RYOUGA turns and heads into the
back of the shop ... into the large, walk-in freezer.  The freezer door
closes most of the way behind him.

Cut to RYOUGA stepping out of the butcher shop sometime later (a couple
hours, judging by the nightfall).  He absently wipes away a trickle of
blood running down his chin from his mouth while he looks towards the
great Crystal Palace at the center of the city.

                                  RYOUGA
                   Soon.

Cut to a set of steps leading upward on a hill.  PRISS walks up the steps,
arriving at the gate to a temple.  Specifically, the Hikawa Jinja.  (Or an
incredible likeness therof.)  PRISS heads over to the house, noting that
there is a note on the door.  She picks it up and examines it.

                                MARS (V.O.)
                   Priss:  Come on in, make yourself at
                   home.  I'm in the shower right now,
                   and that's one of the few times in
                   the day that I absolutely insist on
                   having to myself, so please don't
                   interrupt, okay?
                   Raye.

PRISS opens the door, and walks into the house, taking off her boots at
the entrance.  She ambles through the spartan kitchen into the living
room.  The living room is homily cluttered.  A couch is set against the
wall, under a painting by Yumeno Yumeni of a prince and a princess
embracing.  PRISS notes the resemblence of the princess to SERENITY at
once, and spends a moment looking at it confusedly, then shrugs, and walks
past the poker table to the compact sound system -- incorporating a CD
player, a tape deck, and several other less recognizable devices.   PRISS
picks up one CD case, and stares at it.  The picture on the cover is that
of RAYE, in shadows, wearing a blonde wig that hides her right eye,
looking out at the world with a glowing red left eye.

                                RAYE (O.S.)
                   I thought I heard you come in.

PRISS looks up, a bit startled.  RAYE has walked into the room, wearing a
heavy white bathrobe with a pink towel around her shoulders.  Her long
black hair is still wet, which brings out her unusual purple highlights,
and she has her red eyepatch on.  PRISS holds up the disc for her to see.

                                   PRISS
                   You didn't mention this.

                                   RAYE
                   Ah.  You found that, did you?  I did
                   that a while back when I was very
                   bored.  PAUSE  Is there something
                   wrong?

PRISS sets the C.D. down.

                                   PRISS
                   Nah ... well, not really.  I ... I
                   met this girl who's apparently a fan
                   of my songs while I was at Lady
                   Mercury's to see about my memory.  I
                   wasn't expecting to meet fans of my
                   *music*, I guess.

                                   RAYE
                   Good music is eternal, Priss.  It
                   speaks to every age.

                                   PRISS
                   Uh ... there's something I've been
                   meaning to ask you about your eye,
                   and the picture kinda reminded me
                   of it ... when did you lose your --

                                   RAYE
                   My eye?  I lost it ... before you
                   were born.  I was using a cybereye
                   when you saw me in the club that
                   night.

                                   PRISS
                   Then ... why don't you now?

RAYE's face tenses, and she speaks reluctantly.

                                   RAYE
                   I would rather not discuss that, if
                   you don't mind.  Suffice it to say
                   that I have my reasons, but they are
                   very personal.  When protocol
                   demands that I wear an artificial
                   eye instead of a patch, I will ...
                   but I greatly prefer not to.

PRISS isn't sure what to make of this.

                                   PRISS
                   Okay.  Whatever.

                                   RAYE
                   So tell me what good news Amy had
                   for you.

                                   PRISS
                   BLINKS Amy?

                                   RAYE
                   Lady Mercury.  She didn't tell you
                   her real name?

                                   PRISS
                   Well, I didn't really *ask* ...

                                   RAYE
                   WORRIED Oh dear.  She must be
                   *furious* with you.

                                   PRISS
                   What?

                                   RAYE
                   She generally reveals her real name
                   to everyone she consults with ...
                   like I do.  Jupiter generally holds
                   her secret a little closer, while
                   Venus ... uh ... I don't think she's
                   ever told anyone ...

                                   PRISS
                   What about Serenity?

RAYE is silent for a very long moment, and she stares straight ahead.  We
get the feeling that she isn't looking at PRISS.  Finally, she blinks and
looks at her.

                                   RAYE
                   That *is* her real name.

The tension has shot up again.  RAYE lets out a sigh.

                                   RAYE
                   I'm sorry, Priss.  You seem to have
                   a talent for inadvertantly walking
                   into my emotional tripwires.

                                   PRISS
                   Right.  I ...

RAYE holds up a hand.

                                   RAYE
                   Don't apologize, it's not your
                   fault.

                                   PRISS
                   Wasn't planning on it.  So ... what
                   is she gonna do, now that she's
                   furious with me? FLASH OF INSIGHT
                   She wouldn't ... lie about a
                   patient's condition to a patient she
                   was furious with, would she?

                                   RAYE
                   No, probably not.  Her fury is
                   generally limited to a single act.

                                   PRISS
                   And that act is ...

                                   RAYE
                   She refuses to tell the person her
                   real name.

PRISS stares at RAYE for a second.  RAYE nods.

                                   PRISS
                   Petty, isn't she?

RAYE looks like she's about to explain something, when there's a knocking
at the door.

                                   RAYE
                   Hold that thought.

RAYE heads out of the living room, and we hear the door open.

                                RAYE (O.S.)
                   Oh!  Hi you two.

                              SHAMPOO (O.S.)
                   You not ready for game.

                                RAYE (O.S.)
                   Ack!  It's poker night, tonight!  I
                   completely forgot!

                               AYEKA (O.S.)
                   Obviously.  Can we at least come in,
                   or would you rather we wait outside
                   while you dress and clean in a mad
                   frenzy?

                                RAYE (O.S.)
                   No, come on in ... I actually was
                   thinking about the game yesterday
                   ... I think I found a new fourth
                   player.

RAYE leads AYEKA and SHAMPOO into the living room.  AYEKA is wearing her
usual kimono and hairpiece, while SHAMPOO is wearing a gray military-
seeming uniform, and has her two cords of hair tied back around her neck.
(It makes her look a bit like Madigan.)  Neither of them notice PRISS
initially.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Who you find?  It long time since we
                   had ... NOTICES PRISS; UNACCENTED
                   Oh my.

AYEKA is also visibly startled, but doesn't say anything.

                                   RAYE
                   Priscilla Asagiri, may I introduce
                   Lady Masaki Ayeka, Ambassador to her
                   Majesty's Court from the Stellar
                   Empire of Jurai, and Major General
                   X'ian Po, Special Forces.

There is a long pause.

                                   PRISS
                   JAUNTY WAVE Yo.

SHAMPOO imitates her gesture perfectly.  AYEKA bows politely.

                                   RAYE
                   Well, I'll let you get acquainted
                   while I get dressed.

RAYE heads off in the direction of her bedroom.  There is a long,
uncomfortable silence.  SHAMPOO looks from PRISS to AYEKA several times,
noting their similar hairstyles and eye colours.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   You sure you really from Jurai?  Not
                   changeling?

                                   AYEKA
                   BRITTLE We don't *do* that sort of
                   thing.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Interesting co-inc-idence, then ...

                                   PRISS
                   Stellar ... Empire.  You're from
                   space?

                                   AYEKA
                   In fact, yes.  Are you really *the*
                   Priscilla Asagiri?  The musician and
                   freedom fighter?

                                   PRISS
                   `Freedom fighter'?  SHAKES HEAD
                   Whatever.  Yeah, I'm really the real
                   article.  Haven't you been watching
                   the news recently?

                                   AYEKA
                   I've been a *bit* busy of late.

                                   PRISS
                   They pulled me out of coldsleep a
                   few weeks back.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   You not clone?  Shampoo had heard
                   tell of clone ...

PRISS stares at SHAMPOO, who blinks innocently.

                                   PRISS
                   No, I'm not a clone.  They let me
                   *think* I was a clone, but ...

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Ah so.

                                   PRISS
                   Hell with it.  You know that you
                   talk like an old, *dumb* stereotype
                   of how the Chinese talk?  Are you
                   gonna start finishing your sentences
                   with `no da'?

SHAMPOO grins broadly.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   UNACCENTED It's always a relief to
                   meet someone discriminating enough
                   to see through stereotypes.  PAUSE
                   No da.

AYEKA gives SHAMPOO a weary look.  PRISS tries to suppress a smile, and
fails.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   It was a very useful disguise when I
                   first came to Japan ... well, the
                   second time, at least.

                                   AYEKA
                   Useful for getting people to treat
                   you like a twit?

                                  SHAMPOO
                   `Act stupid.  Be smart.'  PAUSE
                   I forget which number, `A Book of
                   Stratagems'.  Must reread that one
                   of these days.

RAYE comes out of the hallway wearing a set of sweats and barefoot.

                                   RAYE
                   Alright, let's play some cards!

They settle around the table.  RAYE pulls out a fourth chair, between her
and AYEKA, amd gestures for PRISS to have a seat.  PRISS slowly sits down.

                                   RAYE
                   TO PRISS The three of us have been
                   playing poker irregularly since
                   1996.

PRISS' eyes go wide.

                                   PRISS
                   Nineteen ninety -- you two are
                   immortal, too?

SHAMPOO is about to say something, but is cut off by AYEKA

                                   AYEKA
                   SINGS SOFTLY `I have inside me
                   blood of kings!  Yeah!' NORMAL
                   I've always wanted to say that ...
                   in my case, I'm not actually
                   immortal.  My people are very
                   long-lived, and we have ways of
                   extending our life spans even
                   further -- but we can die.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Unlike one whose soul partakes of
                   the Tao.

A golden aura surrounds SHAMPOO, and she begins to quote Lao-Tsu in the
original Chinese, with a look of utter bliss and tranquility.  RAYE and
AYEKA stare at her irritatedly.

                                   RAYE
                   Cut it out.

SHAMPOO's aura disappears, and she looks crossly at the others.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Hmph.  Shampoo tries to bring them
                   enlightenment, and then they mock
                   Shampoo.  Shampoo show power of Tao
                   by take them for all they worth.

PRISS is staring across at them as if she has stumbled into a den of
lunatics.  AYEKA produces a deck of cards from her kimono and begins to
deal out a hand of draw poker.

                                   PRISS
                   TO AYEKA Could you explain some-
                   thing to me?  How does an alien come
                   to know about the Knight Sabres?

AYEKA continues to deal as she replies.

                                   AYEKA
                   Well, I've been living on Earth for
                   the last two hundred odd years.  In
                   that time I developed an interest in
                   the legends of the twenty first
                   century.  It was a long-lasting
                   interest -- I finally became bored
                   with the research ... oh, about
                   ten years ago.  I spent a lot of
                   time reading accounts of the Knight
                   Sabres activities.  BEAT The most
                   recent addition to the University's
                   collection on the subject, the
                   memoirs of Leon McNichol, were
                   donated by me, after I found them
                   in the Imperial Library back home.
                   BEAT Was he as much of a twit as
                   he comes across in the book?

                                   PRISS
                   LAUGHS I dunno.  I haven't read it
                   yet.  He was definitely annoying ...
                   had his moments, but they were few
                   and far between.  PAUSE You're the
                   ambassador from Jurai?

                                   AYEKA
                   Yes.  I'm also his Imperial
                   Majesty's great aunt.

                                   PRISS
                   BLINKS Oh!  "Blood of kings".
                   I get it.

AYEKA nods.

                                   PRISS
                   So ... does Jurai have a lot of
                   trade with Earth?

                                   AYEKA
                   Not really.  My embassy isn't for
                   trade reasons though. PAUSE
                   It's for sentiment.

                                   PRISS
                   Huh?

                                   RAYE
                   His Imperial Majesty, Tenchi I,
                   Lord of the Jurain Stellar Empire,
                   was born on Earth.  He's also three-
                   quarters human.  BEAT  Sorry,
                   thirteen-sixteenths ...

                                   AYEKA
                   Precision to that degree is hardly
                   required, Mars ...

MARS grins at her over the cards.

                                   AYEKA
                   At any rate, he feels a considerable
                   degree of loyalty to his birth world
                   and has been Queen Serenity's
                   firmest ally among the stellar
                   powers since the Realm's foundation.

AYEKA looks malevolently towards RAYE out of the corner of her eye.

                                   AYEKA
                   In fact, it has been argued by
                   students of galactic history that
                   had Tenchi not personally enforced
                   the Galactic Union's quarantine of
                   Earth following the Apocalypse,
                   Queen Serenity would not have had
                   the chance to rebuild Earth to her
                   specifications ...

                                   RAYE
                   FLATLY It would have taken a
                   little longer, that's all.

AYEKA proceeds as though she hadn't heard RAYE.

                                   AYEKA
                   ... and that in in accordance with
                   the tradition of TINSTAAFL, Queen
                   Serenity should acknowledge that
                   debt by declaring that Earth is
                   a vassal of the Empire ...

                                   RAYE
                   SHARP AYEKA.

They stare at each other with mutual hostility shining brightly in their
eyes.  PRISS looks between the two of them with a confused expression.
SHAMPOO looks bored.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   SIGH Might as well put down your
                   cards, Priss, they're gonna be on
                   that topic alllll night.

SHAMPOO's words seem to calm AYEKA and RAYE down.  After a moment, they
smile wryly at each other.

                                   RAYE
                   I apologize, Ayeka.

                                   AYEKA
                   As do I, Mars. BEAT Those protest
                   rallies have made me nervous.  I've
                   come to love this world.  I don't
                   want to have to leave it.

PRISS holds up her hands in a "T" gesture.

                                   PRISS
                   Wheet!  Time!  Would someone bring
                   me up to speed?

RAYE gestures to AYEKA to go ahead.  AYEKA sorts her cards as she speaks.

                                   AYEKA
                   There *are* students of galactic
                   history who argue as I have said.
                   Their arguments are, understandably,
                   *very* unpopular on Earth.  BEAT
                   As a result, the forthcoming visit
                   by the Emperor has --

                                   PRISS
                   He's coming here?

                                   AYEKA
                   MOCKING Don't you read the news?
                   NORMAL Yes, Tenchi should be
                   arriving any day now.  And the fact
                   of his coming has been seen as
                   "proof" of Jurai's imperialist
                   intentions. BEAT; ANGRY Idiots!
                   Our imperialist age ended with my
                   *grandfather's* reign.  I'm
                   beginning to understand why the
                   Great Bard of your species
                   advocated the death of the legal
                   profession -- those *morons* at
                   the Imperial Academy should just
                   take their legal proofs and shove --

                                   RAYE
                   Easy!  It's not all their fault.
                   Like you said, a bunch of people
                   with nothing better to do took a
                   dry, academic idea about Jurai's
                   right to Earth and blew it out of
                   proportion.  They're calling for
                   an end to any ties between our
                   governments.  They'll probably have
                   an even larger protest rally when
                   the Imperial ship arrives.  We're
                   all a little on edge by this, as you
                   might guess.

PRISS flashes back.

                              JUPITER (V.O.)
                   In the moment of crisis ...

                                   RAYE
                   Priss?

PRISS snaps back.

                                   PRISS
                   Huh?  Um, yeah, I could tell that
                   you were all walking around on
                   eggshells, but I couldn't see why.

SHAMPOO is studying her cards intently.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   We're not *all* on edge.  Not *all*
                   of us came to talk about politics.
                   Some of us came to play cards.

AYEKA and RAYE give her a disgusted look.  SHAMPOO returns it with an
inscrutable one.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   ACCENTED Shampoo know better than
                   worry about what will be.  When one
                   can *act* to change what *is*, one
                   should.  Worry only make act harder,
                   have spent all energy worrying so no
                   can act.  SMILES Besides!  Not
                   affect Shampoo one way or another!

                                   AYEKA
                   That is a *horribly* self-centered
                   world view that you've picked up
                   somewhere.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   SIGH; UNACCENTED Ayeka, you're
                   something like eight hundred years
                   older than I am, so I shouldn't be
                   telling you to grow up.  You just
                   said now that you're most concerned
                   because you'll be forced to leave
                   Earth if Jurai and the Crystal
                   Palace break off relations.  If you
                   go, I'll miss you.  I'll miss these
                   sessions.  But they are not the
                   focus of *my* life, so while I
                   sympathize, I refuse to get worked
                   up over it.

RAYE is obviously annoyed by this attitude.  PRISS doesn't look too happy
about it either.

                                   RAYE
                   By that logic, we should have left
                   your people to get liquidated by the
                   Chinese.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   But you didn't.

                                   RAYE
                   But maybe we should have.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   SMILES Any views I have on that
                   would be coloured by my loyalty to
                   my people, Mars.  And you've
                   benefited directly from doing so,
                   you'll admit.  How many of the
                   Battle Angels were of Amazon
                   descent?

                                   RAYE
                   SIGHS We won't go into that one,
                   or we really will be here all night.
                   SHAKES HEAD I just can't bring
                   myself to understand how you can
                   just not be concerned with anything
                   that doesn't affect you personally.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   SOFT It's how I cope.  You, your
                   friends, and your queen cope by
                   becoming control freaks.  I cope by
                   admitting that I can't control the
                   world, or even a small part of it.
                    We'll see who loses her
                   mind first, okay?

                                   PRISS
                   With that kind of an attitude, why
                   do anything?  I mean, why not just
                   take yourself away from everything,
                   go where nobody can find you -- so
                   that their problems *can't* impact
                   on your life?

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Many followers of the Tao do just
                   that.  I can't.  As I said, I feel
                   an obligation towards the people who
                   saved *my* people in their moment of
                   crisis, a bit over nine hundred
                   years ago.

                                   PRISS
                   TO RAYE You were really busy back
                   then, weren't ya?

                                   RAYE
                   More than you know.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   I sometimes think that's what my
                   husband has done.

AYEKA and RAYE let out a long-suffering sigh.

                                   RAYE
                   This is your revenge for us starting
                   up that old argument again, isn't
                   it?

                                   PRISS
                   You're married?

                                  SHAMPOO
                   NODS Yes.  I was married at the
                   age of sixteen to the greatest
                   martial artist who has ever lived.
                   BEAT Now, if he'd acknowledge the
                   fact of our marriage, we'd be all
                   set.

                                   AYEKA
                   I believe it's my turn to point out
                   that a marriage based on defeat in
                   battle is not valid under Crystal
                   Kingdom law?

                                  SHAMPOO
                   ACCENTED It valid under Amazon law
                   that form basis of most of Martian
                   legal code.  All Shampoo need is get
                   husband to Mars, and --

                                   RAYE
                   The odds against your ever getting
                   him to go willingly to Mars are so
                   astoundingly poor that the bookies
                   on Nuevo Vegas wouldn't touch them.

                                   PRISS
                   So who is this guy, anyway?

                                   RAYE
                   Her husband, poor wretch, is named
                   Ran--

RAYE and AYEKA suddenly stiffen.  They are very still for a second.  Then
they exchange a look, and a nod.

                            RAYE & AYEKA (sim)
                   They're here.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Already?

RAYE, AYEKA, and SHAMPOO stand up, leaving PRISS alone at the table with a
confused expression on her face.

                                   PRISS
                   Hey ...

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Where?

                                   AYEKA
                   Monument Park.  BEAT He's planning
                   on visiting her monument.  Oh Guide,
                   I hope he can take this.

AYEKA touches her hair piece.

                                   AYEKA
                   Ambassador to Transport.  Need pick
                   up.  See you there.

AYEKA is surrounded by a glowing green bubble, which fades, taking her
with it.

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Handy.

                                   PRISS
                   Hey.  Can I get clued in on what's
                   happening?

                                  SHAMPOO
                   Can I catch a ride with you?

                                   RAYE
                   Right.  TO PRISS Priss, the
                   Emperor has arrived in orbit.  He'll
                   be making his official arrival at
                   Monument Park, and I have to be
                   there to greet him ... I'd take you
                   there, but I can only carry one
                   passenger when I 'port ...

                                   PRISS
                   Okay, okay.  I've got my new bike.
                   Monument Park is the place that they
                   put up the statue of ...

RAYE nods, draws in a deep breath, and is consumed by fire.  When it
subsides, she is wearing her sailor fuku and high heels.  SHAMPOO steps in
close to her.

                                   RAYE
                   See you there.

SHAMPOO and RAYE turn into horizontal columns of light, which dim.  PRISS
checks each of the hands of cards that they left behind.

                                   PRISS
                   Shit.  I'd've won, too.

PRISS heads out the door of the house, down the stairs to a paved road.
There is a machine that looks like a heavy motorcycle, minus the wheels,
parked near the stairs.  The letters "BAT" are painted across the side of
it.  PRISS hops on, pulls on the helmet that is resting across the
handles, and starts to flip switches on the control panel.  The "bike"
begins to hum.  PRISS pulls back on the handles, and the bike rises up
until it is about two feet off the ground.  PRISS smiles her trademarked
`I don't really care if I live or die, so please get out of my way' grin.
She hits the accelerator, and the hovercycle takes off.

Cut to a stretch of deserted oceanside freeway.  PRISS zooms along at 120
kph (about 75 mph), reveling in the power of the hovercycle.

Cut to the gates of the Crystal Palace, at the heart of Crystal Tokyo.
The 40 feet tall gates are guarded by a pair of 28 feet tall humanoid
mecha.  Each has its hand on a very large firearm in a side holster.
PRISS pulls up to the gates, flashes her identicard at one of the mecha,
and is waved in.

The roads of the Palace grounds are congested with people, a disturbingly
large number of whom are carrying signs which say "JURAI MUYO!" and make
similar pithy commentaries against the Jurains.  PRISS brings her cycle to
the ground in a parking lot, gets off, and starts walking toward the gates
of Monument Park.  The gates of the park are "guarded" by two carvings --
one of a young girl in a sailor fuku carrying a large glaive, the other of
a startlingly similar looking young girl in a battered trenchcoat and skin
tight body suit.

The park is even more crowded than the rest of the palace grounds.
Several small groups of protesters are gathered and singing obviously
rousing songs that are, thankfully, not audible.  PRISS pauses for a
moment before a large monument to get her bearings.  The monument reads
"To the Sleeping Hero Within Us All".  Atop the monument is a hologram of
Sailor Moon in her "I'll Punish You" stance.  PRISS does not notice this.

PRISS finally arrives, pulling through a crowd to reach the edge of a
cordoned off area.  Inside the area, SERENITY is seated on a less
ostentatious version of the throne that she was seated in earlier.  LADY
MERCURY, LADY MARS, and LADY JUPITER are standing on Serenity's right side
while AYEKA stands on her left.  A small detail of Crystal Tokyo's armed
forces is standing at attention nearby.  LADY JUPITER is smiling at
something that MERCURY has just said, then picks out PRISS' presence in
the crowd, and her face goes rigid.

At that moment, the entire ambience of the crowd seems to dim.  Silence
quickly spreads across the area, and everyone's eye is drawn almost
involuntarily upward -- to the great, vast bulk of the Jurain Imperial
Flagship.  The starship is truly immense, matched only by the size of the
Crystal Citadel itself.

A glowing ball of green light descends from the ship to arrive in the
cordoned off area, and materializes a man in his mid thirties with dark
hair wearing a lavender tuxedo and cape.  SERENITY's face lights up, and
she rises from the throne to rush down and embrace her husband, ENDYMION.
After a very passionate embrace, they take a step back from the area that
Endymion was transported into.

Cut to a shot of a man's hand reaching into his jacket and producing a
piece of chromed metal.

Another green ball of light descends from the ship to just in front of
SERENITY and ENDYMION, materializing a pair of women.  SERENITY moves to
greet TSUNAMI and WASHUU (who is in her "adult" form, and remains so for
the duration of this story), the Imperial Wives of Jurai.  She seems
genuinely happy to see TSUNAMI (and vice versa), while her greetings to
WASHUU seem more formal.  TSUNAMI and WASHUU step back from the landing
area, standing on either side of SERENITY and ENDYMION.  AYEKA comes
forward to stand beside TSUNAMI -- again, there is a very happy reunion.

Cut to a shot of the man's hand producing another piece of chrome, this
time from his pants pocket, which he adds to an assembly of pieces that he
holds in his hand -- which are beginning to look like a firearm.

Still another green ball of light descends from the ship, this time
materializing RYOUKO.  She spreads her arms as if she intends to take in
all those standing before her in one big hug, smiling beatifically.
Nobody moves to come into the embrace.  AYEKA is holding her right hand
over her face as if the sight causes her pain.  RYOUKO shrugs, and heads
over to stand beside WASHUU ... then pauses.

Cut to a shot of the man's hand about to insert another piece of chrome
into what is definitely a firearm of some sort.  He freezes, suddenly.

RYOUKO appears to be considering something ...

The man's hands are quivering slightly ...

RYOUKO shrugs, and takes her place beside WASHUU.

The man's hands relax, and he inserts the piece into the firearm, which is
practically complete.

A final green ball descends slowly from the ship to the landing area.  It
materializes TENCHI (who has grown a moustache) clad in the white robes of
the Emperor of Jurai.  SERENITY steps forward to greet him.  She bows.  He
bows.

The man's hands add the final part of the firearm to the whole.

Cut to PRISS.  There is a sudden whispering noise to her left.  PRISS
jerks her head away from the sight in front of her to look to her left.
She sees the GUNMAN, staring viciously at TENCHI and SERENITY.

In a slow motion sequence which is accompanied by the sound of a heart
beat, the GUNMAN raises his weapon up, and begins to shove it forward.

                                   PRISS
                   SHOUTED GUNNNNNNNNNNNN!

The GUNMAN pulls the trigger.  A long bolt of metal shoots forward towards
TENCHI ... and embeds itself in a cane that has been lifted to block it by
ENDYMION.

                                 ENDYMION
                   Not today.  Not today.

The GUNMAN attempts to flee through the crowd, but runs right into RYOUKO,
who smiles malevolently down at him.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Going somewhere?

The GUNMAN turns to run.  RYOUKO teleports in front of him.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Guess not.

RYOUKO generates her sword, shoves the GUNMAN to the ground, and holds the
sword at his throat, smiling all the while.

                               TENCHI (O.S.)
                   Ryouko.  That's enough.

RYOUKO doesn't move for a moment, then turns to look at TENCHI with an
exasperated expression.  TENCHI is staring at her firmly, his arms folded
across his chest.

                                  RYOUKO
                   You're gonna be an idiot about this
                   and insist that we turn him over to
                   the Earthcops, aren't you?

                                  TENCHI
                   Yes.

RYOUKO lets out a deep sigh, and deactivates her sword.  She reaches down,
lifts the GUNMAN to his feet, and hands him over to a pair of waiting
police, who proceed to handcuff him.  Suddenly, the GUNMAN -- who has
seemed to be in a state of shock until now -- begins to shout.

                                  GUNMAN
                   Abomination!  You will not triumph!
                   The stars belong to us, so it is
                   written!  Go forth, mankind, and
                   populate the universe ...

As he is pulled away, SERENITY arrives to stand with TENCHI.

                                  TENCHI
                   Do you have any idea what he's
                   talking about?

                                 SERENITY
                   None whatsoever.

                                  TENCHI
                   Not quite the reunion we planned,
                   is it?

                                 SERENITY
                   It was worth a try.

                                  TENCHI
                   I think we'll postpone the visit to
                   her monument until tomorrow.  BEAT
                   Is that young woman part of your
                   security team?

                                 SERENITY
                   SHAKES HEAD No.  That's Priscilla
                   Asagiri.  The last Knight Sabre.

                                  TENCHI
                   Asa--

TENCHI turns to look at PRISS, who is being debriefed by RAYE.  PRISS is
explaining what happened, when she feels TENCHI's eyes on her.  She turns
to look at him.  They stare at each other for a few moments.

Cut to a shot of the Earth from space.

                               FEMALE VOICE
                   It begins.

The voice starts to laugh, maniacally.

                          To Be Continued.





------------------------------------------------------------------------


Together Again: 2937 Chapter, 04/21/97