Legal Tiff

I truly thank the efforts of AIC / Pioneer Entertainment for the 
grandiose environment and palate for a lover of this particular anime, 
Tenchi Muyo.... I have taken the liberties of splicing the Universe and 
OVA versions together to help create this story; and as such give all 
due fore credit to the creators for the series mentioned above..... I 
hope that this work meets with approval of fans everywhere..... ...and 
as well as to the spirit that the human imagination can lead to.... 
with a chosen palate.....

The rest of the places depicted come from certain other arenas; and the 
rights belong to them as well.. just enjoy the story for what it is.. 
Kay?

Now, yet again.. =^^=


(Tsunami's Time - Time Space Adventures: Part One)

At the time that I; Aleaic wrote this new entry into my journal, I had 
just returned from the most goof stricken, crazy, flabbergasting 
adventure of my entire life. To think I would ever find myself within 
the crosswebbed intrigues of the Misaki Clan in such a way goes beyond 
any sort of reason.. 

Can I do it again?

It was when I was just recovering from the honeymoon. heh. Tsui is the 
definition of heaven. I had seen countless worlds, sights beyond 
imagination. ancient ruins and palaces not even the best Terran authors 
could come up with. a wild ride. 117 planets in 6 Galaxies. a few 
nebulae here and there.. 
Took about three weeks.. With LOTS of time in between to. explore.. 
certain aspects of our love.
And after that blessed time. we decided to head back to our place of 
meeting. of family.
At least Tenchi and Co. were happy to see us.. The first night back was 
just as. heh. restful.. If a bit spirited...
I awoke the next morning to what I thought was a simple morning. 

When it all began..


Aleaic: Ahh.. Man.. I'm wasted..

*Sitting on a simple couch, it is early on a quiet winter day, snow 
covers the serene landscape, and a sense of cabin fever is starting to 
hit the chaotic homestead.. ever so slowly.*

Tenchi: *Slumps down with a cup of tea* How's the old bed?

Aleaic: Who knows, I still haven't gotten much sleep lately.. *plops 
head on couch backing* 

Tenchi: That bad huh?

Aleaic: That good.. *chuckles*

Sasami: *Comes out from the kitchen* I thought I heard you Al. here. 
your favorite tea. *hands a cup of Earl Gray to a half awake Al*

Ayeka: *Walking downstairs; yawning* .morning Lord Tenchi. Knight 
Aleaic..

Tenchi: Morning Ayeka..

Aleaic: *Sticks a simple thumbs up while sipping* 

*A familiar voice wraps herself around Tenchi*

Tenchi: Morning Ryoko.

Ryoko: Morning lover boy.

Aleaic: *blinks twice* Wha?

Tenchi: Ryoko.. It's not time yet.

Ryoko: Can't a girl be in practice? *starts mugging Tenchi, with full 
knowledge Ayeka is near*

Ayeka: If I had to say, being an Octopus might be your true calling. 
*tears Ryoko away from Tenchi* .for a monster that is.

Ryoko: *IN AYEKA'S FACE* And the weather outside is WARMER than YOU are 
miss prissy!!

Ayeka: Coming from calamari, you should know about cold...

Ryoko: I can do more with these arms than wrap things you know!!!

Ayeka: Another Octopus with a big mouth!!!

*back and forth, a blast here. a magical shield there. same ol, same 
ol..*

Tenchi: (And I'm getting married to these two?)

Aleaic: (Yep..)

Tenchi: (.man. don't do that.) *both chuckle anyway..*

Aleaic: So.. I hear Mihoshi may be joining the crowd. if I heard right. 

Tenchi: Thank Misaki and Funaho. something about "in the Juraian style. 
go figure."

Aleaic: That's my line.. 

Mihoshi: *Arrives almost on cue..* Morning. *yawn*

Aleaic: (I bet on four naps.) *finishing cup*

Tenchi: (Five. bottle of sake`?)

Aleaic: (You know it..)

*Around Ten O'clock the rest of the family sets to about breakfast.. 
Minus one important member*

Washu: MmmmMMmm. another creation Sasami. *pats her tummy*

Sasami: You bet. Ayeka.. Ryoko. you two can stop fighting now.. *shakes 
her head at the two 'children' as they fight over the last strip of 
breakfast sashimi*

Mihoshi: *Nap #2* 

Kiyone: Errr. umm. Hey Al. isn't Tsunami supposed to join us?

Yosho: Indeed. it's not like her to miss a meal.. *savors a bit*

Aleaic: Got me?

Sasami: You don't think she's worn out do you?

Aleaic: *Nearly chokes on a bite* .you. *cough ack* .have got to be 
KIDDING me!!

Tenchi: For a goddess no less.

Aleaic: *point's a chopstick at Tenchi* YOU try and get some peace when 
you have a goddess with an overactive libido. *Gets a horde of giggles 
from around the table with that one.*

Ryoko: Can I get some of whatever that libido stuff is for my night 
with Tenchi!?!

Ayeka: HEY, Only if I get some too!!!! *pushing Ryoko's head down*

*A dark tanned hand pokes up* Mihoshi: I'd like some too!! *falls 
asleep again*

Tenchi: (Al. never mention libido around here again. )

Aleaic: (Sure. but it won't save you. heh.)

Yosho: If you two are done discussing. *gets surprised looks from 
Tenchi and Aleaic* .maybe you can find out where Tsunami went too. 

Aleaic: My department I think. *downs the rest of his juice, and heads 
upstairs.*

Tenchi: So. Grandpa. how's mom and dad doing?

Yosho: Their honeymoon is going well. nothing more be said. *picks up a 
roll to butter*

Tenchi: *Looks at Ayeka, Ryoko, and the limp Mihoshi in turn* 
(Something tells me I'll understand soon enough.)

*Aleaic heads to his room. now on the third floor*

Aleaic: Hey hon? *a few knocks* hon? *another knock* (What the?) *Opens 
the door. and finds nothing.* Tsui? (where did she?) *Walks around, 
checking the room and adjoining bathroom. still nada.* .TSUI!! *Heads 
back downstairs* .she's not up ther..

*A strange shudder hits the house*

Ayeka: What was THAT!?

Sasami: Avalanche? *Running to a window*

Washu: No. I. *face turns blank* .wait. I've felt that shudder before. 
AWW NO!!!
*Bolts for her lab door*

Aleaic: *Quisitive* What in?

Tenchi: I don't know.

*ANOTHER heavy shudder hits the house*

Ryoko: That's no avalanche!!

*In Al's head, comes the words "~ In here Aleaic, I have a surprise 
waiting.. ~"*

Aleaic: Tsunami!? *Looking towards the lab* .what is she up to? *heads 
to, and opens the door; just as a third shudder, and a strange light 
shoots out from the door; toppling Aleaic*

Tenchi: This isn't good!!

*Most of the other members climb over Al's contorted body, with Sasami 
pulling Al up*

Aleaic: What IS this. *walking Sasami behind himself* 

*From the shadows comes Washu's over exasperated voice* Washu: DO YOU 
KNOW WHAT YOU HAVE DONE!!!!!!??????

*Aleaic and Sasami join the others at a strange area of the lab, a 
mechanical eye is going CRAZY overhead, and the room is turning several 
colors and shades*

Sasami: Isn't that?

Tenchi: THAT CRAZY MACHINE!?!?

Washu: IT'S THE DIMENSIONAL CAUSE AND EFFECT CONTROLLER TENCHI, AND 
WHAT ARE YOU DOING MESSING WITH IT!!?

*At the center of all this attention is Tsunami, with. =@@= Misaki, 
Funaho, and AZUSA!?!? What the ****!!! *

Tsunami: Ahh. about time husband..

Aleaic: *Like parting the red sea, Al reaches the front past the 
others* WHAT ARE YOU DOING!?!!?

Tsunami: Our honeymoon isn't over yet. no. 

Aleaic: *Blinks twice with a blank expression* .excuse me?

Azusa: The goddess, you wife means that she has one last gift to 
bestow. *folds arms stiff*

Washu: Why the HECK are you three involved with this, is Jurai too 
boring or something?

Funaho: A prior arrangement. thanks to Mihoshi's report sometime ago, 
we found out about this device, and from there, Tsunami did.. *pats 
Washu's head*

Kiyone: YOU PUT THAT IN ONE OF YOUR REPORTS MIHOSHI!??! *incredulous 
look*

Mihoshi: I like being thorough. it's part of my duties you know. I 
mean, if I left things out; it would look bad on our record you know?

Kiyone: (We don't have a record in the first place to make bad. 
jeezzz..)

Aleaic: So. now. *another shudder* .what? *leery*

Tsunami: We finish our honeymoon. what do you think?

Washu: I think it's was meant for the device.. We end up going through 
the multiple dimensions of alternate realities. AGAIN!! *the room 
begins looking fuzzy*

Tenchi: Man. not this again.

Ayeka: And we didn't even get to choose this time..

Misaki: Don't worry, we put some of the material for Tenchi as well. it 
won't be the same places this time though.

Tenchi: (How grand..)

Ryoko: So. it's not just Tenchi this time? Then what will it be like?

Tsunami: Simple.. "The times and places of loves true adventure." 
*looks at Al with the softest eyes*

Washu: How many realities? *noting arguing is pointless*

Azusa: Wait and see.

Aleaic: *A heavy light begins glowing from the eye* Great. just.

*At the last moment*

Kagato: *Phases in* Hey!! What's going on!?

Misaki: NOT HIM!!??!

Washu: *chuckles at fate* Too late..

*THE LIGHT BECOMES BLINDING, ENCOMPASING EVERYTHING*


*WHAP!!!*

Aleaic: OW!!

Tenchi: You asked for it. *comes at Al with fists flying*

*A heavy background cheer; thousands of lightbulbs flashing, screaming 
from the corners.*

Aleaic: *Blocks a punch, and comes back with a jab*

Tenchi: WHOA!!

Tsunami: COME ON AL, BEAT THAT PUP!!!

Ryoko: COME ON TENCHI, BEAT THAT PUP!!

*The two grasp at each other, the sweat glistening forth*

Yosho: Come on, this isn't a dance; break it up.. *separating the two*

Misaki: Isn't this a good fight? *munching on a hot dog*

Azusa: They're both sloppy.

*Tenchi receives a body shot; then returns a punch to the head*

Tsunami: COME ON, STOP HOLDING BACK!!!!

Aleaic: (I'm. ) *whack!!* (..HOLDING BACK!?!?!) *GETS A MOUTHFUL OF 
GLOVE*

*The two prize fighters dance around, trading blocked punches and 
jabs.*

~ ding ding ding ~

Tenchi: *Slumps into his corner*

Ryoko: COME ON TENCHI? THIS GUY IS NOTHING!!

Ayeka: YEAH, YOU CAN BEAT THAT OAFF!!

Aleaic: *WHUMP*

Tsunami: WHAT KIND OF FIGHTING IS THAT!??! MY MOM COULD DO BETTER!!

Aleaic: *spit bucket* Then you fight him!! *rubs a welt over his eye*

Sasami: *Walking around the ring dressed in a bunny suit, holding a 
sing saying: round 14*

Tenchi: (Wow.. A looker.) *stupid grin*

Ayeka and Ryoko: EERRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!

Kiyone: *ringside* This has been a interesting championship fight!!

Mihoshi: Yeah.. umm. the guy in the black trunks (Aleaic) has been at 
the receiving end of a lot of punishment from the guy in the white 
trunks (Tenchi)

Kiyone: Mihoshi!! Say their names already!!!

Mihoshi: I'm trying my best!!

Funaho: *grabs popcorn from Misaki* It's been a good night so far. no 
weather trouble.

Azusa: Yeah, well. the guy that made the decision for a outdoor fight 
is a loony tune.

Misaki: That would be you hon. *sips some pop* 

Azusa: You could have talked me out of it!!

~ DING!!! ~

*The roar of the crowd, as Tenchi come hard with a gut punch; then has 
a chest punch blocked*

Misaki: You were the one that let that weirdo have the fight out here 
you know?

Azusa: Look, that same weirdo offered eighty million yen, you wanted me 
to say no?

Funaho: *Waves back to Sasami; who's waving happily* But. don't you 
think hon, that this guy was a bit on the edge of. well. sanity?

Azusa: If the money's good.. The person can parachute in for all I 
care.. *takes note that Al is on the defensive*

Aleaic: *Has been fighting off several blows for the past minute* (This 
guy is too good!!)

Tsunami: WHAT THE HECK IS WRONG WITH YOU!!! DON'T BE A SISSY!!!!!!

Ayeka: THAT'S IT, SHOW THE WORLD WHO'S THE BOSS!!

Ryoko: YEAH.. Umm. YEAH!!!!!!

*Tenchi fights off a hard left jab, and BELTS Aleaic with a  hard blow 
to the head*

Tenchi: (Man. that should have decked him, I'll have to finish him 
quick!!) *comes hard with a belly shot*

Aleaic: *Jumps back from the blow, and misses with a straight jab*

Kiyone: WOW!! The challenger has the champ missing everywhere, what 
does this guy have anyway!!! Umm. Mihoshi?

Mihoshi: ZZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz...

Kiyone: MIHOSHI!!!!

Mihoshi: What?

*WHAP!!!!!!*

*A loud scream from the crowd*

Kiyone: THE CHAMP IS DOWN!!! THE CHAMP IS DOWN!!!!!!!!!!

Aleaic: *laying flat*

Tenchi: (Wow. I got him!!!!)

Yosho: 1... 2... 3..

Tsunami: COME ON!!! *SMACKS THE CANVIS* GET YOUR BUTT UP!!!!!

Ryoko: YOU GOT HIM, YOU GOT HIM!!!!! *SHAKING AYEKA AROUND IN THE 
EXCITEMENT!!!*

Ayeka: STOP.. *URFF* ..SHAKING... *GREEN* ..ME!!!!!!!!!

Azusa: Strange, the challenger has a gift.

Yosho: ...4 ...5

Sasami: YAY, MY BROTHER IS GOING TO WIN!!! *JUMPING UP AND DOWN*

Yosho: ..6 ..7

Aleaic: *hovering at unconsciousness* (Time for a career change.. Ugh. 
)

Tsunami: Al.. *griping a towel*

Yosho: ..8 ..9..

Tsunami: *trades a smile with Al.. Then..* What the!??!

Yosho: ..and..

Aleaic: That's it. I.. huh? *a large shadow appears*

*A HUGE yell from the crowd, screaming cacophony in droves; as a 
parachutist has landed in the ring*

Azusa: *SPITS OUT A WAD OF POPCORN* THAT'S HIM!!!!!!

Funaho: THE GUY THAT PAID THE MONEY, THAT... SHOW STEALING.. 
HOG!!!!!!!!

Azusa: AND.. huh? MISAKI!?!? *too late*

Yosho: What the hell are you doing!!!??

*The stranger rips off his helmet*

Kagato: Why. grabbing the spotlight of course!!!

Ryoko: *Leaping into the ring!!* WHAT KIND OF FREAK ARE YOU?!!?

Kagato: The best kind of freak. famous...

Tenchi: Do you. HUH!?!?

*A TEAL HAIRED MANIAC LEAPS INTO THE RING, SLAMMING THE KAGATO 
CHARACTER TO THE MATT*

Misaki: YOU... IDIOT!!!!!!! *PUMMELS KAGATO'S HEAD LIKE A PUNCHING BAG*

Ryoko: LET ME AT EM!!!!!!! *LEAPS INTO THE FRAY!!!*

Ayeka: *Leaps next to the fighting* MOM!! RYOKO!!!! WILL YOU TWO STOP. 
AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!! *GETS DRAGED INTO THE FIGHTING*

*ALL OVER THE RING, PEOPLE START FIGHTING AND TEARING THINGS APART*

Azusa: MY STADIUM!!!!!!

Funaho: I can guess where all that money will go into.. *sipping pop 
quietly*

*CHAOS!!!!!!!!!*

Kiyone: OH MY GOD!!!!!!! THE IS PANDEMONIUM ALL OVER THE STADIUM, THIS 
IS JUST CRAZY, THIS IS.... MIHOSHI!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Mihoshi: 
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
zzzz....

*Kiyone grabs Mihoshi and begins shaking; and ends up shaking too hard, 
bonking both of their heads in the process*

Tenchi: *Eyes WIDE, looking around* ..and I thought hockey was 
dangerous..

Yosho: *sipping tea in the midst of all..* .umm. yep..

*MISAKI, RYOKO, AND KAGATO TAKE TURNS THROATLING KAGATO AND EACH OTHER 
BY MISTAKE; DRAGING IN SEVERAL SECURITY PERSONEL INTO THE FRAY*

Aleaic: Where am I?

Tsunami: *Slides next to Al* Well. guess the plan almost worked...

Aleaic: Umm. probably worked better than I thought..

Tsunami: So much for throwing the fight. *stroking Al's hair*

Tenchi: *skips by the tussle to reach Al* .hey. how's the head?

Aleaic: It's been worse. now Ayeka can be your wife..

Tenchi: Yeah.. kinda weird. I had to beat you and gain the belt to get 
Ayeka's hand. but.

Aleaic: You still won. I'm tired of the ring. *clasps Tenchi's hand* 
.don't know how Ryoko will take it though.

Tenchi: *Over his shoulder the chaos continues* ..yeah. if they live. 
*deadpan*

Tsunami: Well. I say good luck to you champ. want us at the wedding?

Tenchi: Sure. give it a month I think..

Aleaic: Strange. I've never thrown a fight before. but for love. 
*holding Tsui's hand* ..anything is workable. and you. *jabs a finger 
into Tenchi..* ..keep that crown. maybe I can train you better as a 
trainer..

Tenchi: Cool.

*The chaos reaches it's crescendo. as hundreds of police officers storm 
the stadium*

Azusa: HEY, I OWN THIS AREN; LET ME GO!!!!!!! *DRAGED OFF BY TWO 
OFFICERS*

Funaho: (Maybe two days will teach him..) *sip*

Mihoshi: *Completely knocked out*

Kiyone: wEll. FolkS. ow.  I mUSt saY gOOd NighTY folkS. *PLOP* 

*The chaos is unending!!*

Tsunami: Well. ready for a new life?

Aleaic: *chuckles* Sure. I always wanted to try something new..

Tsunami: Try the films. they always are fun.. *nuzzles her champion*

Aleaic: Only if you're my co-star. *Deep kisses Tsui..*

*In the midst of the continuing chaos, there comes a large light. 
BLINDING EVERYTHING. AND.*


Washu: That's one.

Kiyone: Man.

Tenchi: What's next?


*The dry wind bites deep, as does the straps of his armor,  the shouts 
of the well drilled machine of Imperial might*

Tencus: General... the legion stands ready!!

Aleacus: Tell them.. *looks down at the desert valley* .that they can 
go to their fields of the Empire if the opposition is gutted through. 
Strength and Honor.

Tencus: Yes General.

*It has been a long campaign in the harsh lands of southern Egypt. 
tracking down the Kaga Clan that had rebelled by torching Thebia in 
Greece. and after a few routs against the invincible Roman war machine, 
with the blessing of Emperor Yosho; the Army of the West has finally 
tracked down the renegades with the aide of a the Southern Egyptian 
Army; the war is about to end..*

Aleacus: *Thunders his horse up along the way to meet his personal 
calvary; taking chanting calls of General along the way..*

Tencus: Praetorian. watch the distance..

Commander: Sir. there is reports of activity coming this way..

Tencus: So. they learn of the fight once more. send word to the 
General.

*As the power of four Legions prepare for the onslaught.. Aleacus 
reaches his personal calvary: Hanabal's Death..*

Mounted Praetorian: So it ends General?

Aleacus: No. now it begins. *addresses the calvary in full* .no. all 
the battles before were only the beginning.. As well as THIS. because. 
it is a beginning if we live, or die.. In the life, or Elysium.. 
Because every event is only the beginning of something else. remember 
this as we begin the end of our wretched foe!!!!!!

*Loud chants accompany, as word of the Kaga advance reaches them*

*.soon. the sight of ragged enemy appears. as the order to begin fire 
bombardment begins.. Arrows crisscross the valley, with the Roman 
machine already having telling effect.. Soon comes the first advance of 
the Praetorian line.. Then the charge.. The crushing fighting..*

Aleacus: FOR THE EMPEROR!!!!!!!! *BEGINS THE CALVARY CHARGE; AS THE 
CHAOTIC BATTLEGROUND GROWS REDDER; THE FLANKING BY THE CALVARY STRIKES 
THE EXPOSED REAR OF THE REBELS HARD*


*two months later* 

*A ragged prisoner is held down by two Roman guards.*

Aleacus: My Emperor. the renegade Kagatous..

Yosho: *Walks along the side of his younger brother* ..too bad. you 
could have made a good Senator. at least. but you disappointed me and 
the Empire.

Kagatous: *Spits at the Emperor's feet* ..I will never be a second 
filling to you.. False Emperor..

Yosho: We shall see how you fare in the Arena. the lions are hungry it 
would seem. *waves Kagatous away, as he is struggled away by several 
Imperial guards*

Tencus: I feel. sorry for him. in a way.

Yosho: Don't be. he wouldn't change for anything, the gods apparently 
foresaw this before I could..

Aleacus: If that will be all my Emperor.

Yosho: Um. no. Tencus my son. return to your palisade. you have those 
wanting you attention. you will remain with me General..

Tencus: Yes Father. *bows* It's been interesting General. *salutes and 
strides off*

Yosho: Come with me..

*The Emperor leads Aleacus to a simple area. the private officade for 
the Emperor*

Aleacus: *remains silent; waiting*

Yosho: Do sit. have a drink with me.

*Soon with simple mead that is poured*

Yosho: I hear you did exemplary. but. that you've been away too long..

Aleacus: .I suppose. but it's my troops that have suffered more.. Now 
they get the chance to have peace, for once... pity your brother. this 
wasn't necessary..

Yosho: But. the more reason it did. was because there is one that 
missed your time as much..  And a Father notices these things, as much 
as a brother did..

Aleacus: You mean Tsua..

Yosho: Now that there is peace. the Empire can do without it's General 
for awhile.  *downs his copper cup* ..and a husband may be needed?

Aleacus: Is this about.. Marriage? 

Yosho: It's about not running away. I am old. and my time is short. 
when Tencus becomes Emperor. he will need the support of the family. 
and you bring strength to that support. for the good of the Empire. as 
well as for yourself. choose the path offered by those that do not 
resist.. *stands* ..because of you. not even my brother can bring down 
this monolith. and Tencus sees you as part of the family. accept them. 
and you will not need armies to command, to protect the Empire..

Aleacus: So. where may I find Tsua.. 

Tsua: Within earshot.. *steps from behind a silk curtain, to immediate 
bow from Aleacus*

Yosho: If you'll excuse me. the Empire awaits. *leaves simply*

Aleacus: So. you. 

Tsua: I have.. And you have.

Aleacus: I have. and.

Tsua: Yes.

Aleacus: Indeed..

Tsua: Yep.

*Both look at each other. and start laughing*

Aleacus: Are we on the same page?

Tsua: Only if it's about marriage..

Aleacus: Well. I must admit that. *gets glomped by Tsua* .mylady?!

Tsua: Those unforgiving locales you went to. all without homely 
comforts. without.. me.

Aleacus: So you say.. *shares a passionate kiss. one that could melt 
iron*


Tencus: *Reaches his palisade; taking the salutes of the guards, and a 
immediate leveling from the entryway from his entourage*

Ayakis: Lord Tencus has returned!!!!! *glomp*

Ryoka: HEY, the heir is MINE!! *glomp*

Mishoa: So. how was the war honey? *glomp*

Kiyona: Hi. *glomp*

Washiau: Great, I can continue my experiments in night studies.. 
*glomp*

Sasami: Brother!!! *glomp*

Tencus: Errrr..

*As the ladies literally mug Tencus... and shout at each other with 
threats of the Ides.*

Tencus: Man.. I need a war again..


Aleacus: *Walking the streets along the Imperial way* You're sure about 
this?

Tsua: Of course. thank gods that Kagatous rebelled; or I would have 
been made his bride. ick..

Aleacus: Well.. Guess there was good that came from the war.. *holds 
Tsua's hand as they walk*

*A voice gains their attention*

Tsua: Senator Azusa, a pleasure.

Azusa: The Empire is always graced by the sight of you two.. 

Aleacus: Well. back to the old taxes and bill grind in the Senate huh..

Azusa: No war lasts forever. but other things can. what is in the eye 
of the beholder. *wink*

Tsua: I see.. *knowing look*

Aleacus: Well. do tell Misaka and Funa that we said hi. *GLOMP*

Azusa: Why bother?

Misaka: YOU'REBACKYOU'REBACKYOU'REBACKYOU'REBACK!!!!!!! *SQUEEZES A BIT 
TOO TIGHT*

Tsua: And you are well too I see Funa..

Funa: *bows before the princess, as Aleacus gets a full death hug* .we 
are always at the service of the Empire..

*later that night*

Aleacus: *walking in a simple toga to the baths* .I feel grimy..

*Aleacus walks into a supposedly quiet bath.. Except. it's not.*

Tsua: What took ya.. *submerged to her neck*

Aleacus: Gods.. 

*THE BRIGHT LIGHT RETURNS, ENCOMPASING*

(End Part One)
