(Tsunami's Hourglass - Time and Space Adventures: Part Two)

Aleaic: Did you have to do that?

Tsunami: Sorry. I tease sometimes.

Sasami: There you are Ryo-ohki. *miya meow!!*

Ryoko: Okay okay. so what's next?

Washu: At least it's only a few realities. this won't be so bad this 
time.

Tenchi: Sure.


*Stars.. Eclipsed by a large starship flying by..  A Sovereign Class 
type..*

Aleaic: 'Captain's log; Stardate: 34706.25; The Yamato has finished the 
last of the shakedown trails with the Enterprise and Excelsior II; with 
flying colors I may add. we are now heading to the Jurai System, a new 
world seeking membership in the Federation; one with a need of special 
cargo to deal with a food crisis on that world.. We are escorting three 
cargo vessels as our first task as an official starship.. I only hope 
the crew is up to the challenges ahead. and am I.'

*Aleaic enters the main bridge*

Tenchi: Sir.

Aleaic: Any word from Jurai concerning their situation Commander? 
*reaches the command level*

Tenchi: Nothing so far. 

Aleaic: How's the research going Councilor?

Ayeka: Interesting Captain. the Juraian culture is with unusual 
characteristics. for one. they have a preoccupation with trees. for 
another. their mating practices are not usual among potential members.

Aleaic: *Already seated* .any cause for alarm?

Ayeka: Only that they take more than one mate. and have a high. social. 
interaction.

Aleaic: Forgive my ignorance. but. how social?

*A series of beeps come in*

Kiyone: Sir. *At the Conn Station* .we just got a mayday from the Jurai 
system. looks like one freighter is being attacked by pirates..

Aleaic: Any communications?

Mihoshi: *Security/Tactical station* .just coming in.

Aleaic: Put it up.

*A heavily garbled transmission, with the sounds of explosions in the 
background..*

???: ~ To any vessel. we're been attacked by pirates of the Soja 
guild.. We're about to be boarded!! ~ *suddenly cutoff*

Tenchi: How far?

Kiyone: Five minutes present speed.

Aleaic: A good time for some goodwill. tell the cargo ships to continue 
at normal speed. Warp nine. execute.

*Exterior view, with the Yamato flying at high warp; it soon reaches 
the area of conflict*

Mihoshi: The freighter is in bad shape; it's got two vessels attacking 
it..

Tenchi: Come in from Mark 237.. Shields up

Sasami: (Helm) Sir..

Mihoshi: Aye.

Aleaic: Open a channel. 

Mihoshi: Open.

Aleaic: This is the Federation Starship Yamato; cease you attack 
immediately.. This is your only warning. *Turns to Security/Tactical* 
.make sure they understand our intentions clearly Lieutenant.

Mihoshi: Aye. *Sets a target lock on the two offending vessels.*

Kiyone: Looks like we got company. *The ships shields shudder under a 
disruptor barrage*

Tenchi: They're kidding right?

Aleaic: Damage?

Mihoshi: Umm. minimal.

Aleaic: Let them have their fun for a bit.

*The Yamato takes several more disruptor blasts, making for a fun ride*

Tenchi: This ride is boring?

Aleaic: Phasers. 0.5 blast. target the weapons and engines.. Let's give 
a reality check..

*After three more attacks, the Yamato retaliates with a twin firing. 
knocking the pirate vessels out of it.*

Mihoshi: That took them out of it sir.

Aleaic: Capture the two vessels in a tractor beam. any contact with the 
freighter?  *At the Conn*

Kiyone: Nothing since the first.

Mihoshi: Looks like life support is down. some weapons fire..

Aleaic: Can you get a transporter lock on the pirates?

Kiyone: Actually. yes. there are two sets of lifeforms on that vessel. 
and I can discern who's attacking whom.

Aleaic: Good work. if this works. *Turns to Tactical* .get a lock from 
Conn. and transport the pirates to transporter room 3. take charge.

Mihoshi: Sir. *inputs the data*

*Soon. seven surprised pirates end up at the wrong end of a dozen and a 
half phasers trained at them*

Ayeka: The situation is under control Captain.

Aleaic: Commander. take an away team. see how bad it is.

Tenchi: Sir. Commander Funaho(Engineering). Lieutenant Misaki(Medical) 
.meet me in transporter room 2. ASAP. *heads for the turbolift*

*A shot of the Yamato hovering over the damaged freighter*

Aleaic: *In the ready room. a bleep* ..yes?

Kiyone: *comm* A message from Commander Tenchi, sir..

Aleaic: Go ahead. *the desk view pop on* .go ahead Commander.

Tenchi: We and they got lucky.. 13 wounded. and the captain here 
insists that she see you.

Aleaic: See me? *Carefully hiding his surprise*

Tenchi: Well. apparently a forward one.. keeps referring to us a 
knights or something.

Aleaic: Well.. And the ship? *Sitting back in his chair*

Tenchi: Commander Funaho has the engines up again. the ship is ready to 
head off. minus the captain.. Hence the delay.

Aleaic: Hmm. we have a schedule. tell the captain of the. uhh.

Tenchi Misaki.

Aleaic: Thank you. of the Misaki that we already have a prior 
engagement. pack up your stuff and get your butts home. 

Tenchi: Understood.. out.. *black*

Aleaic: *shakes his head* knights? Heh.. *turns to a simple cup of Earl 
Gray*

'Captain's Log: supplemental.. we have just left the Misaki to complete 
the escort of the cargo ships to Jurai. I now have the pleasure of 
negotiating with the Sovereign ruler of this world.. A light 
undertaking it is not. considering the heavy influence of idealism and 
legend, this could be a interesting excursion.'

*Transporter Room 3; Captain Aleaic, with Commanders Ayeka and Misaki 
have joined in as the away team. Commander Tenchi stands below the 
transporter pad* 

Aleaic: After I have met with the Sovereign of this world. you may 
transport the prisoners into local custody.

Tenchi: Aye sir.

Ayeka: You should be warned. the sovereign is a.. well. imposing 
individual. goes by the name Azusa. 

Misaki: Must be a fun guy..

Aleaic: Indeed. if he's not a Klingon. then maybe he's reasonable. 
well. you have the bridge Number One. *chuckles a bit*

Tenchi: Aye sir. and have fun.. 

*The surface of Jurai's residential palace, the main meeting room; as 
Aleaic, Ayeka, and Misaki transport down; the first instinct that 
greets them is too look around in honest awe. the room is stylized like 
a large tree had it's insides carved away, and sculpted like a piece of 
marble carved from the inside.. Even the floor seems that way. the 
'room' easily spans 5,000 meters*

Aleaic: Hmm. interesting architecture. *looking all about from 
instinct*

Misaki: *wildly panning around* For Paul Bunyon maybe..this place is 
HUGE! 

Ayeka: I don't know. *a hand on her chin* it's certainly unique..

Azusa: *In a thunderous tone* IT SHOULD BE!!!

*The three StarFleet officers turn to meet a burly individual; flanked 
by a elder male, and a host of aides; the bolsterous one all but stomps 
his way to the collected officers*

Aleaic: Sovereign Azusa I presume. *makes a simple diplomatic bow*

Azusa: HA!! Azusa is just fine. so you must be the heroic Captain that 
saved one of my ships..

Aleaic: A.. *GLOMPED by Azusa in a bearhug* ..part of the job..

Azusa: *Sets the Captain down* .no no. to you it's a job. to us. it's 
grand adventure. it's how our civilization has lived. for hero's. not 
careers. and what you did IS the core of what we are... I am 
impressed..

Aleaic: Well. I would indulge in this more. but we have business first 
I believe.. Then maybe more about this.. Worshipping. (If I give them 
the time that is.)

Ayeka: *Chuckles*

Aleaic: Not now councilor. 

Azusa: Well.. I expected such. the grand Federation is a bit on the 
stuffy side. focused more on your work. the little things. but we. we 
live for the monumental. things that make stories and songs for; such 
as your recent wars..

Aleaic: That. I have to object. the recent conflicts we endured are not 
something we celebrate. *heavy sigh* ..hard lessons rather not 
endured..

Azusa: But it's in you history records. the ones meant to convince us 
that membership is a good thing. so. *guestures to a set of chairs, 
with Aleaic acknowledging and doing the same for his crew members.* .if 
it's meant for a purpose. then it's there for a reason to celebrate it. 
that's how we Juraian's see it.

Aleaic: Maybe. (maybe he is Klingon in a way. heh.) .but we use these 
records as a reminder. of mistakes. of things we did right. to keep us 
from having to do the same again. if nothing more than a simple kick in 
the butt from time to time.

Azusa: But.. *sipping from a mead drink parlayed to everyone present.* 
.you have never looked at the whole picture from the eyes of 
cherishment. even the worst moments are something that has meaning to 
celebrate. because there may come a time when you will reminisce. 
something that we do everyday. as much as we try. this is why we 
Juraians wish to join the Federation. to be a part of the greater 
story. and to teach you to appreciate this. 

Aleaic: Indeed. such insight may help us grow more. taking things for 
granted is farspread in my realm.

Azusa: By enough of the larger matters.. a simple document signing will 
suffice. but I have someone that may wish to meet you personally.. 

Aleaic: If you say. *slightly on guard*

Misaki: Excuse me.. but may I attend to your concerns with your 
problems on planet. *leaning forward on the table*

Azusa: My brother Yosho will attend to that. if you will follow him.. 
*.a snap of his fingers.*

Yosho: *Stands* If you will follow me.

*As Commander Misaki follows Yosho from the room*

Ayeka: Umm.. Captain.. I'm sensing a large amount of anxiety 
approaching us.

Aleaic: *Turning to his ships councilor* How do you mean? 

Azusa: That would be my daughter. *sip*

Aleaic: *Blinks twice* Pardon me Sovereign?

*A LARGE slam of the doors opening; and flurry of obscenities and 
pushing ensues; several aides are simply pushed aside in the raptious 
outburst; the only response from Azusa is to laugh heartily*

Aleaic: What the heck is. *The sight of a frazzled, teal blue haired 
female enters his view. up and CLOSE..* .this?

Azusa: Captain of the Yamato.. Meet my daughter. the Captain of the 
Misaki. Tsunami..

Aleaic: (umm. okay.) .at last we.

Tsunami: AT LAST MY FANNY!!! *Huffing heavily; acts like she's about to 
burst something*

Aleaic: Excuse me. but I think. *gets a rude cut-off huff*

Tsunami: Look. *jabbing a finger to exclamate each statement* ..all I 
wanted was to thank you. and you use your puppets to deliver messages 
for you!!?? Just WHAT kind of Captain ARE you!?

Aleaic: Commander Tenchi isn't a puppet. and I feel this is about my 
not meeting you promptly.

Tsunami: DAM RIGHT!!! *another huff; but It's apparent that it's all an 
act. a very GOOD one thought..*

Aleaic: .*gets the feeling this isn't going to turn out well* .my 
apologies to you. Captain. 

Tsunami: Tsui.

Aleaic: *blinks twice* .Captain. but I was detained with delivering the 
cargo this world apparently needed. business before pleasure I believe 
is the term..

Tsunami: *jabbing her finger again* .Tsui. and I KNOW about the 
emergency. if you had contacted me.. I could have told you WHAT it is. 
some Captain. doesn't use the obvious tact's to make things easier. 
jeezz. *twirls deliberately before he can respond, fwhaping one of her 
long hair strands off of Aleaic's face. 

Aleaic: *wiping his face before answering again* Indeed..

Azusa: Yes Captain. since she's the head of the transport guild for 
this Star System; it only makes sense that she would know most of our 
secrets. not that this is one of them.. *drains a second cup* ..you 
should use her talents. 

Aleaic: Well. once we finish with the main matters here. we can begin 
the acclimation process for membership. there may be time to attend to 
orientation later. 

Azusa: Very good. let us adjourn here tomorrow in the afternoon to 
begin that process. the signing can take place at the same time I 
think..

Aleaic: Until then. I must return to the Yamato for contact with 
StarFleet. Councilor Ayeka here can.

Tsunami: I prefer a Captain to Captain arrangement myself.

Aleaic: But. 

Tsunami: I INSIST.. Please. *fluttering her eyes suddenly; eyes 
glistening; and some kind perfume scent suddenly materializes*

Aleaic: *An exasperated Captain looks to his Councilor. noting a amused 
face; causing a double-take*


'Captain's Log: VERY supplemental. it has now been two standard day 
since we arrived, and I get the sense that I'm becoming some kind of 
object of some kind to the Captain of the Misaki; this has had the 
unfortunate side effect of the crew finding out. it also has been a 
pleasant experience. with the tour of many of Jurai's best sites; all 
in the company of this woman that seems determined to latch on to me. 
something I intend to put a stop to quickly..'

*Lighthawk Forward Lounge*

Misaki: .and have noticed that the Captain has an extra step in his 
stride? *leaning forward to whisper*

Ayeka: Huh? *nearly chokes on her ale*

Misaki: It's true. he hides it pretty well. but it leeks through every 
now and then.

Tenchi: You're serious? Seems his demeanor and stance on the issue 
seems more.. Unwilling.

Ayeka: Well, this IS an important mission for the Captain. and for this 
ship. he could be split between duty and enjoyment. 

Misaki: Well. I don't see this getting away from the Captain. *mulls 
her scotch some* ..he's too dedicated to allow that. even if something 
DOES happen.

Tenchi: Well. they ARE Captains. it's not like is taboo, other than the 
diplomatic avenues.. *twirling his drink, and mulling in his mind what 
Captains can do besides command. something he wants to experience 
someday*

Ayeka: If something DOES happen. do we do anything about it?

*The other two look at the Councilor, and then look at each other.*

Tenchi: Well. it wouldn't be the first time a StarFleet officer fell 
for a local. might give weight to membership if nothing else. *chuckles 
at that*

*The ships Lounge-master appears next to them; leaning on Commander 
Tenchi*

Ayeka: Umm.. do you mind Ryoko?

Ryoko: Why I do. and I couldn't help overhearing.

Ayeka: *mumbles something in under her breath*

Tenchi: Come on. relax you two. *trying to lighten the mood that has 
become oppressive suddenly*

Ayeka: Yes Tenchi. *returns to her drink*

Ryoko: You got it. so. who's the dame the Captain's hooked on?

Misaki: Goes by the name of Tsunami. *drains her last.*

Ryoko: Hey.. I've heard of her. the Transport Guild Master. one dame 
the Ferengi DON'T try to mess with.

Ayeka: *Looks up at Ryoko* .and how would you know about Ferengi, and 
this Captain?

Ryoko: *Leans in close to the table* .before Aleaic brought me aboard.. 
I had my share of running around. and Tsunami was a major word in the 
sector here. 

Tenchi: The how would she get ambushed by pirates suddenly. if she's 
that tough? *the tone almost begging for an answer*

Ryoko: *Folds her arms* ..she got ambushed? That's a first.. *notes the 
exchange of looks at the table* .umm.. maybe it was just a bad day. 
sure. that's it.. Unless.

Tenchi: Yes?

Ryoko: These Juraian's, they knew about the Federation sending an 
envoy. in the Juraian custom. they usually do something to allow the 
guests to feel good about themselves, and then push something of equal 
value as thanks.. At least the Juraian's are good about these 
exchanges. *leaves to serve more drinks. not realizing the look on the 
officer's faces that's she left.*

Ayeka: *After a few moments of silence.* .the Captain is dead..


*Palace meeting room*

Tsunami: *skips in front of the Captain* .wasn't that grand?

Aleaic: *Walks by Tsunami calmly* .yes actually. I must say that this 
planet will make membership easily..

Tsunami: *roughly sighs* .what's with this membership. you said it only 
about one-thousand times. don't be a stiff.

Aleaic: Look. it took me years to work my way up to the chair of the 
Yamato, my demeanor requires such.

Tsunami: *smoothly slides into a chair* .sure. you think I should do 
the same?

Aleaic: I don't presume.

Tsunami: .because you HAVE to be such a sourpuss. that you can't tell 
that a person of the same level doesn't have to be the same. someone 
needs lessons in loosening up.

Aleaic: *deadpan look* .umm. what's the point of this?

Tsunami: .the point is.. That you are a powerful individual. and I'm 
attracted to that. but don't overdo it. okay. *slides back up.* ..has 
anyone told you how amours you are?

Aleaic: What?

Tsunami: *sliding all about* .what I mean. is that I have you trapped.

Aleaic: *pucks his lips.* .Captain.

Tsunami: Tsui..

Aleaic: Captain. I don't know what you're trying to pull. but I have 
more important matters at stake than engaging in wanton freewheeling.. 
*turns to go. but stopped cold*

Tsunami: You won't get your treaty signed that way.

Aleaic: What is it you think you'll accomplish by doing this. we hardly 
know each other. and I doubt StarFleet would.

Tsunami: *flares her arms about* .oh spare me the "square Captain by 
the book lecture." .you know something. you're scared.

Aleaic: *Loud laugh* What!? Scared. you must be.

Tsunami: *Moves DANGEROUSLY close to Aleaic* ..scared. about what would 
happen if you fell. to allow a simpleton local to seduce you. because I 
could make you go to Warp faster than you ship could.. and you know it. 

*circles all around Aleaic, without actually touching him. all the 
while using an increasingly seductive tone*

..you can deny all you want. but I can feel the want inside. it's in 
there. deep. nestled. wanting. and when it breaks through. I will be 
there to wrap my arms all around it.

Aleaic: *literally like stone all this time; though his breathing has 
become a bit shallow* .and what makes you so sure. *is suddenly faced 
with Tsunami's lips all of a centimeter from his. the breath so close. 
so daringly close..*

Tsunami: Because I know... *holds herself achingly close to her 
counterpart, close. so. close.*

*Aleaic's comm badge beeps twice*

Tsunami: *In a brazen rage, stomps off to the other side of the 
gargantuan table* ..I HATE COMMUNICATORS!!!

Aleaic: *Under the screaming* .yes? (Timing. whew.)

Tenchi: *over the communicator* .sir. we just got word from the complex 
holding the food shipment that we sent. they got some kind of 
infestation there.. it's becoming overwhelming..

Aleaic: Transport me.

Tsunami: US!! *Beaming smile*

Aleaic: *shakes his head* ..us. to the site. send a security detail as 
well. better safe than sorry..

Tenchi: Yes sir.

*A moment later, the two Captains are transported to the site*

Tsunami: WOW. that was great!! *holding her head*

Aleaic: Later.. come on. *jogs to the complex entrance, there met 
Mihoshi and her security team of six*

Mihoshi: We got the word sir.

Aleaic: Let's be careful Commander. Captain. do you know what could be 
doing this?

Tsunami: Tsui. and, well. there's only one species that swarms on this 
planet. but this isn't the time of cycle for that.

*Before Aleaic can infer further, a large crashing sound has the group 
running to see what has made this noise. they run around a corner to 
see a local worker holding his leg*

Tsunami: WHAT HAPPENED!?

Worker: It's horrible. they. they are all over the inside of the 
complex. eating EVERYTHING that they get near.

Aleaic: What is he?

Tsunami: You. might not want to know.

*Another large smash, and then the sound of. 'meowing'?; seeps from the 
inside*

Aleaic: Okay. phasers on stun.. *has Commander Mihoshi hand him a 
phaser*

Tsunami: No. if you do that. you'll only make them mad. *waving her 
hands frantically*

Aleaic: Then. what do you.

*A large groan, and then a scream is heard*

Aleaic: Enough of this.. *runs past Tsunami, and reaches the nearest 
door; but before he can open it..*

Tsunami: NO. DON'T!!!! *Too late*

*As Aleaic open the door, a HUGE mound of fuzzy creatures flood over 
him, like a tidal wave..*

Aleaic: *His hand sticking out from the pile of fuzz and meows, as the 
strange furry creatures crawl all about. all holding carrots in their 
mouths..* .whpphhhummpp!!

Tsunami: *Helping Commander Mihoshi in pulling out the stricken 
Captain* .is he. *grunt* .always like this?

Mihoshi: About. *pulls Aleaic from underneath*

Aleaic: *breathing hard from the lack of air* .what. what are these?

Tsunami: Why. cabbits of course? Guess they were in the mode, and the 
population exploded.

Aleaic: What gives you that idea? *deadpan*

Security Ensign: Sir.. over here!! *Pointing to and moving over the 
pile of moving fuzz*

Mihoshi: Hold on. *literally swimming over the pile of moving cabbits*  
..what the? Captain!!


Azusa: So. the legendary pirate Kagato. foiled by your own plan I see?

Kagato: *Under the point of four Juraian disruptor rods* ..what's it to 
you. I was trying to save the System.

Azusa: Please. by sending a group of cabbits to eat all the food stores 
that the Yamato sent, and not realizing the ability of cabbits to 
multiply when they eat too much? *LOL* .what a dope..

Aleaic: *A few feet to the right* .these cabbits can do that?

Tsunami: Believe it. they multiply if exposed to a large food supply. a 
group of only three can turn into three-thousand in a mere hour..

Misaki: Wow.. *checking her tricorder, as she holds one of the fuzzy 
creatures* .cute and dangerous. like those other fuzzballs.. Umm.

Ayeka: Tribbles I believe. *holding a second*

Kagato: Bah. you Federation types. sending in bribes to seduce planets 
into joining a oversized gang. Jurai should thank me for what I did.

Tsunami: Sure. tell that to the people that won't get their food 
because of your stunt.. *throttles Kagato for a bit* .YOU MORON!!!

Aleaic: Okay. hold it. look. *getting Tsunami to calm down* .this can 
be settled by having the Yamato send down one of the spare replicators 
to aide the one that we sent already. that should help deal with the 
short term.. And for another thing. is it these cabbits that are the 
cause for this whole crisis?

Misaki: Yes actually. the events and data sent by the Juraians prior to 
the mission runs along the lines as that from the complex.. *working 
her tricorder more*

Azusa: Actually, this scoundrel has been trying to block the Juraian 
entry into the Federation for months. more because he wants the Ferengi 
to become the partner first.

Aleaic: Too bad. the Federation is having good relations with the 
Ferengi right now. with much profit as a result. *walks over to Kagato* 
.a little patience would have see you with more wealth that you could 
have dreamed. as it is. *turns and nods to Azusa*

Kagato: WHAT!!?!?! BUT.. WAIT!!!!!!! *About to be dragged off by the 
guards* .the  what about the arrangement? HUH!!?!

Aleaic: Arrangement? *Quisitive look*

Kagato: Yeah. who do you think allowed the Misaki to be ambushed so 
easily.. never in a decade cycle has ANYONE ever ambushed on of her 
vessels. go ahead and ask why!!

Aleaic: What is he?

Azusa: Umm. ahh.

Ayeka: Sir.. I'm sensing a large amount of anxiety.. *pensive look, 
then trades looks with Tsunami*

Kagato: DANG RIGHT!!! *WHAPED!!*

Misaki: Then. it's true? *looking at Azusa*

Aleaic: What's true?

Tsunami: *sighs* .I set up the ambush. because I knew who the 
Federation was sending. and. I.. well. wanted to do it in the Juraian 
custom. *blushes suddenly*

Aleaic: *Pensive* ..which being?

Azusa: Remember what I said in the beginning Captain? About grand 
stories? *has the guards drag Kagato away (kicking and screaming) 
before continuing* ..well. in exchange for allowing the Federation to 
acquire a new member.. We have to give something first. go figure that 
it would be someone like you that would show up.. 

Aleaic: What in the world is this? *about to get mad*

Tsunami: Why. a bride. of course. *blushing*

Aleaic: *His eyes grow as wide as saucers* .WHAT!!???!!! 

Azusa: Our only stipulation to actually joining the Federation. is to 
have one of our members unite with one of yours. *Sees Aleaic's shocked 
look* .and don't tell me about the Prime Directive and any protocols. 
the paper has been signed. evidently the Federation is desperate enough 
to allow such; and we get to learn Federation tactics first hand. and. 
my daughter is FINALLY married off. dang it all. 

*Tsunami is pulling a Mihoshi by jumping all about*

Aleaic: (I don't believe this!!) YOU CAN'T BE. *GLOMPED*

Tsunami: Deal with it. you're mine. or the Federation looses a new 
member. maybe to the Ferengi after all. especially with all this 
dilitium lying all about.

Aleaic: *Fuming. AND confused.* ..I already know about the dilitium. 
thank you. but I don't see the. I. well. 

Misaki: Captain. if the Federation council has granted permission. then 
I don't see a problem with it. it's not like the Sona incident with the 
Baku you know.

Ayeka: I agree. and. it may be extremely beneficial to both sides.

Aleaic: *Being glomped tighter.* I don't believe this. 

Tsunami: Yep. it's me or nothing. literally..

Aleaic: *The protests begin to waver. and wonders if a Vulcan could see 
any logic in this.* .ohhhhhhhh. alright. let me just inform StarFleet.. 
*ACK!!!*

Captain's Log: 'Stardate: 34709.17; After a most uneasy talk with 
StarFleet. the news I received on the surface is confirmed. I've been, 
as the old Earth phase indicates: shanghaied. All I can hope for now is 
to keep this from making me into a laughing stock of the Federation.. 
except.. for the weird feeling that, because of the nature of the 
accords in place here. that not even StarFleet is having much argument 
with this. And with that.. Ugh.. I have a new bride.. and the 
Federation has it's new; and apparently desperately needed member. too 
desperate for my tastes.. 

..Already.. Captain Tsunami is in the process of redesigning my 
quarters.. heh. wait till I introduce her to the holodeck. I got some 
plans of my own.

..All in all, a memorable first mission..'

*THE BLINDING LIGHT RETURNS, ENCOMPASING..*


Aleaic: Dirty pool.

Tsunami: Oh. hush..

Aleaic: Well it's been twice already...

Sasami: Wow.. I was driving.. Cool. *miyaa!!*

Tenchi: Where to now?

Washu: Not too far.. 


Kagato: WHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!!!!!!!! I'VE DONE IT!!!!!! I'VE WON!!!!!!!!!

*Standing on the deck of the Soja, with the entire Misaki Clan; as well 
as the Royal Family, in chains before him, and the Tsunami unit about 
to be merged with the Soja's integration port*

Kagato: The Universe is mine!!!!!!! WHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

*ANOTHER BLINDING LIGHT*


Washu: WHOOPS, how'd that get in there!? *tapping at her phased 
computer*

Ayeka: YECKK. That was disgusting.

Ryoko: You said it. *A RARE agreement..*

Kagato: Come on. can't I have any fun?

Everyone else: NO!!!!!!!!!!!

Kagato: Drat.

Aleaic: Umm. what's next?

Tsunami: You'll like this one.

Washu: Better be.


Tenchi: COME ON AL. MOVE YOU'RE BUTT!! *bursts out the door of their 
dorm room; carrying his school case*

Aleaic: Yeah yeah.. *follows simply, backpack in hand*

Tenchi: Man.. you can move faster than that you know.

Aleaic: Dude. this is as fast as I intend to go. *raspberry*

Tenchi: Look. you could be more grateful, considering you're an 
exchange student. *flings his satchel over his shoulder as normal, the 
same way that Aleaic's noticed for the past three months*

Aleaic: Whatever, so. ready for the new material dealing with Print 
Servers?

Tenchi: Man.. I'd prefer more detail on Security. Print stuff is so 
boring.

Aleaic: *chuckles* .well.. not everything is roses. sometimes it's the 
dirt underneath.

Tenchi: *For what seems the one thousandth time, makes not of why 
Aleaic is on the exchange program* .yeah. but I still rule in C++, you 
gotta admit that.

Aleaic: No problem there. *pats an arm around Tenchi's back* .that's 
why I stick to Networking.

*In the ensuing ten minutes from the dorm complex, to the college 
itself. they speak more on school stuff, passing along the well bloomed 
and kempt grounds of the college, the scent of the air signals another 
perfect school day.. Until.*

Tenchi: WHOA!!!! *gets jumped from behind, by a familiar whitish haired 
female* .Ryoko!!

Aleaic: Hello mylady.

Ryoko: Hi Al. so Tenchi, you going to take my offer of a party this 
weekend? *all but mugging the poor schmo*

Tenchi: Well.. I.

Ayeka: HEY!!!!!!!! WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING WITH MY 
TENCHI!!!!????????

Ryoko: *Gripping Tenchi tighter* .getting my best in. more than you 
could.

Ayeka: *Stomps up like a enraged hyena* .I'M WAY BETTER THAN YOU, and I 
can prove it. *YANKS Tenchi to her*

Ryoko: Oh sure. how. by asking mammy and pappy to send in security 
again. *YANKS back, nearly tearing his shirt for about the umpteenth 
million time; was it mentioned that Tenchi and these two go WAY back?*


Tenchi: *Five years old* .Who are you two?

Ryoko: *five* .names Ryoko. *GRABS Tenchi* .let's get married!!

Ayeka: HEY!! *five also* ..I SAW HIM FIRST!!! *GRABS TENCHI BACK* .and 
WE are getting married!!!

Tenchi: SOMEBODY HELP ME!!!!!!!!


Tenchi: *Back to present* SOMEBODY HELP ME!!!!!!!

Aleaic: Umm. *Thinks: Friendship or Self-Preservation?* .please excuse 
me. *scampers off*

Tenchi: *Between being tugged between two elephants for women* .SOME 
FRIEND YOU ARE!!!!

Aleaic: *As he reaches out of earshot of the rackus, looking back to 
make sure, he bumps into someone* Wahh!! *This causes him to 
reflexively pull on the person he's accidentally bumped into, right 
into his arms. noting the color of teal-blue, then stagers back in a 
flash* ..sorry. I'm ahh.

Woman: ..and so you should. excuse me. *brushes past Aleaic.*

Aleaic: Dude.. I said. ahh. nevermind. *stomps off to his class*


*Later at lunch*

Tenchi: Next time you dump me like that. you do the dishes. *jabs a 
chopstick at Aleaic's chest*

Aleaic: If I get the chance. I nearly got murdered with Calculus today. 
the homework may take me all night. again.

Tenchi: Your fault. you could have taken an easier class you know. 
*downs a slurp of ramen*

Aleaic: Hmmm. well I. *cutoff by the joining of the entire Misaki crew. 
as the classmates of seventh class have designated themselves, that 
being Server 2000*

Ryoko and Ayeka: Hi Tenchi!! *eyes in the glistening phase as always*

Tenchi: *sweatdrop. as always; then turns to his lunch*

Sasami: Hiya Aleaic, how's Calculus? *Plops down a customary oversized 
lunchbag, for the entire gang to munch on*

Mihoshi: Yum. more of the same Sasami.

Sasami: Yeah. and I made it more healthy today. did you hear, we're 
getting a new teacher in class today.

Aleaic: *nearly chokes on a sushi piece* .Aughh!! *ack; cough x12* HUH? 
Why?!

Kiyone: *Munching on another sushi roll* .Professor Washu got caught 
messing with the school database, something about altering payroll 
records. so. she's on suspension for a couple of weeks..

Tenchi: Really?

Ryoko: So.. Kagee can't sleep in class this time huh?

Kagato: I heard that!! *grabs a bit of food from Tenchi, getting 
vehemous couple of glances. guess who's.*

Aleaic: Obvious question. who?

Sasami: *giggles* ..my sister. *downs a good mouthful*

Tenchi: Really? I forget her name. ah. *looking up in an attempt to 
think the name*

Aleaic: Who cares. as long as she's as good as Washu was. even if she 
WAS a nut. she knew her stuff.

Kagato: This from Mr. Teachers pet.

Aleaic: *IN A FLASH, IN KAGATO'S FACE* ..say that again mister?

Kagato: *chuckles nervously.. remembering he's never gotten the upper 
hand on Aleaic; especially when he was tracked down after writing a 
virus. and got blackmailed out the ying yang with doing the next three 
term papers.* .ohh. nothing... *displays his customary fake smile*

Tenchi: Now now. we'll find out at class today. let's just drop it. 
*gets glomped by Ryoko*

Ryoko: You know how you turn me on when you get assertive?

Ayeka: *Fuming like a fusion reactor* .let. him. go.. geisha girl...

Ryoko: *Her turn to fume* .I beg your pardon? Money buns?

*After ten minutes of dust, colorful metaphor laced action; the bell 
for the end of lunch sounds*

Aleaic: See ya all at seventh. *grabs his stuff and trodds off; leaving 
two people better off looking like Sunday football players*


*Dusk, finally the last class; and not a moment too soon for our 
heroes*

Ryoko: I HATE ENGLISH!!! *PLOPS into her usual computer desk; her head 
leaning back.* .and a whole paper too.

Ayeka: Too bad. looks like I'll have Tenchi to myself this weekend. 
*throws in a patented cackle*

Mihoshi: Don't you have that Humanities paper due too?

Ayeka: *Mumbles something under her breath, noting Ryoko's light 
chuckling* .thanks.. blondie.

Tenchi: I wonder where Al. *Aleaic appears on cue.* .nevermind.

Aleaic: What? I had to help Professor Funaho sort a problem in the 
library. *plopping into his assigned seat. at the front of the class. 
between Tenchi and Sasami.*

Sasami: You'll like my sister. she's a good teacher.

Aleaic: Kay. if you say so. *bends over to extract his textbook from 
below the table*

*A loud rap at the doorway, as headmaster Azusa presides in with the 
substitute*

Aleaic: *His eyes go WIDE as he sees the substitute..* (.HER!!?!?!)

Azusa: Class. this is Professor Tsunami.. And for the next three weeks 
at least, she shall continue your studies with your Server class. as 
you know. Professor Washu was suspended for entering the school 
database for unscrupulous activities..


Washu: *TYPING FURIOUSLY AT HER HOME COMPUTER* .oh yeah mister tight 
wad in the pants. we'll see who gets the last laugh. 

*Has hacked, and starts altering Azusa's Government tax income files* 

Washu: IRS, here we come!!! *HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!*


Azusa: *SNEEZE* huh? .excuse me. now. if there are no objections. and 
no horseplay from certain students.

Kagato: *slightly dips his head. mumbling*

Azusa: ..take charge Professor. *bows slightly*

Tsunami: Yes Headmaster.. *curtsey*

*Tsunami takes leave of the Headmaster, and allows a few moments of 
silence; as she opens her teachers case; removing certain papers and a 
copy of the Server textbook everyone else has. and also takes note of 
all the faces. smiling as she sees Sasami's beaming face, glancing over 
the others, and finally resting her eyes on Aleaic, as he's trying as 
hard as he can to study the chapter on Performance Management. as much 
as to keep his eyes averted.*

Tsunami: Good evening class. *begins finally* .as you all know by now. 
Sasami is my sister. and you know the circumstances of my appointment 
here. but before you think me any less than Professor Washu. know that 
I have a Bachelors degree in Computer Architecture. and certifications 
in MCSE+I NT 4.0 and 2000; and a CCNA/CCNE. 

*Looks around a bit. letting it sink in.*

Tsunami: .also. it was yours truly that was with the said Professor 
Washu in the same classes; got the same marks. and was the one that 
found out about Washu's sneaking around. and she won't like me much 
tonight either.


Washu: Man. why can't I get Tsui's files. I bypassed every firewall. 
*popping at folders at random*

*.hits a certain folder named: personal files. and a strange beeping 
starts occurring.*

Washu: What the!!!? 

*Her computer goes CRAZY suddenly; with her computer locking up; and 
finally a screen graphic pops up of a cartoony image of Tsui kicking 
Washu in the but kung-fu style. with the Saint Sasami theme playing 
LOUDLY on the speakers.. Then the hard drive crashes.*

Washu: Oh.. ****..


Tenchi: *drawn out whistle* 

Tsunami: Thank you. now.. *opening her book to the current chapter on 
Print Servers* .would someone be so kind as to bring the whole class up 
to speed on the things you did last time?

*A short pause.*

Aleaic: *A wad of paper hits him in the head* ,,,oww.. hey!!

Tsunami: Thank you student. please stand up.. *Her face is of stone*

Aleaic: Yes. *shooting Kagato a quick glance; a dirty one. as he 
stands* .um. where to being. *goes into a bit of detail with explaining 
how they had mapped printers to their Servers, then had other students 
do the same, testing out Print permissions, and accessibility issues.. 
Finally completing with and overview exercise of setting three users to 
use print permissions.* ..and that's about it Professor.

Tsunami: Very nice. thank you. Aleaic.

*This stops Aleaic mid-movement in sitting back down, in the midst of 
simple applause.*

Aleaic: *Finishes seating; a BIT uneasy.*

Sasami: *Leans over* I think she likes you. *whispering; this causes 
Aleaic to sweat a bit*

*Over the breadth of the class period, they go over Spooling, and 
printing in turn criteria. all the while, Professor Tsunami gets 
everyone to answer questions, as the backdrop of the outside begins to 
darken considerably. Sasami: good answers, Mihoshi: Sleeps too much.. 
but on the ball. same for Kiyone, Tenchi and Ayeka. Ryoko on the 
lackadaisical side. then Kagato with an ego filled answer. trying too 
hard to beat Aleaic's synopsis from earlier in the class. not bad. but 
still ego driven..*

Tsunami: *Looks over at a clock, as the two hour class comes to a 
close.* .you all impressed me very nicely.. at least Washu did 
something right. *stacks some papers*


Washu: WHERE ARE YOU TAKING ME!??!! *Being dragged by several of school 
security. again.* COME ON, I WAS ONLY HAVING FUN!!! Hey.. I know you. 
wana have a drink sometime?

Security Guard: (In a Chief like tone) Not this time Professor. sorry..

Washu: MAN!! CAN'T A GIRL HAVE ANY FUN!?!!? *Dragged kicking and 
screaming to a security squad car*


Tsunami: You homework is to answer these two hypothetical questions 
over the weekend. due Monday. good evening. 

*As the students start gathering their things to go..*

Sasami: *Waking up to Tsunami* .you did great Professor. really.. 
*another customary beaming smile*

Tsunami: Thank you sister. and to you as well. *nods to Ryoko and 
Kagato as the file by; then as she is looking down at her papers* 
..Aleaic. can you stay behind for a bit.

Aleaic: *Stopped COLD again* ..umm. y..yes?

Kagato: *Leaning over near* .#Somebody's in trouble.# *nudges Aleaic*

Aleaic: Can it.. you still owe me a paper. *gets an expected dirty 
look*

*As the rest file out, Tenchi is last.*

Tenchi: Want me to get ya some take out tonight? *speaking from the 
doorway, with Tsunami still looking down at her papers*

Aleaic: Sure. no onions as usual. many pickles.

*Tenchi gives a thumbs up as he heads out, with Ryoko and Ayeka waiting 
down the hallway; and they talk in hushed tones*

Ayeka: What did the Professor want with Al, Tenchi?

Tenchi: Who knows. I'm no mind reader. *the group reaches the stairs*

Ryoko: Well, you know Al. he's usually the last to leave.

Tenchi: Yeah. I should be more like that. (for my own safety 
sometimes.)

Ayeka: But this is a first.. I wonder what the Professor will want? 
*The reach the outside*

Ryoko: Maybe there will be some 'action'.

Ayeka: Coming from a potty brain, that's no surprise.

Ryoko: Like you would know how to. miss "I need permission to date a 
guy."

Ayeka: At least I CAN get some. miss blank shot. *RASPBERRY*

Tenchi: *Stops the arguing as it's about to get MEAN. as usual* .stop 
it you two.it's not like they are going to make love or something. 
right? 

*The three freeze.*


Aleaic: *Sitting in the silence, as he's adjusting his bookbag; when he 
hears light laughing outside.* (.what the?)

*For a few, increasingly tense moments. Aleaic waits for the Professor 
to say something. anything.. Still nothing. then. after an eternity.. 
(Five minutes.)*

Aleaic: *About to say something.*

Tsunami: *Not looking up* .that was a rude thing you did this morning 
you know. do all exchange students have poor mannerisms? *still not 
looking up*

Aleaic: I. ah.

Tsunami: That event contradicts everything my sister was saying about 
you.. things about your demeanor. attitude. kindness. attention to 
detail. quite a few good things. *still looking at her papers* .all now 
in question because of this morning.. pity. 

Aleaic: I must.

Tsunami: Whatever you have to say. say it at the desk please. 
formally.. *still..  well, you know..*

*As Aleaic swallows his noticeably dry throat.he solemnly walks to the 
desk, and makes a bowing guesture.*

Aleaic: I. first of all, profusely apologize for my actions this 
morning. there is no excuse.. I realize this. and um. well. will 
willingly accept whatever punishment(s) that you deem necessary. and.. 
Heh. hope that this doesn't reflect too badly on our school 
relationship. I.. um.. what I mean. I. *bonks his head, with a hand* .I 
apologize. *bows as deeply as he can*

Tsunami: *Still looking down* .to the board please.

Aleaic: Umm. yes mylady. ahh. Professor. *quickly makes to the board*

Tsunami: *STILL looking down* .on the board. please write the 
following.

Aleaic: *Picks up a white board marker* .okay. *looking at the board 
and Tsunami, back and forth swift like*

Tsunami: .write ten times. "I have a crush on you."

Aleaic: Okay.. "I have a crush on." *his eyes BULGE WIDE!!!* ..wha.. 
what!? *Looks back to the desk. Professor I. huh? *..empty chair*

*The classroom door SLAMS shut suddenly; and Aleaic jumps a meter!!*

Aleaic: WHOA!!!!! Profe. Professor!???

*A suddenly sultry air enters the darkened room*

Aleaic: Professor, I must insist. I mean. we. you. I. *retreating as 
Professor Tsunami starts walking forward slowly. slyly*

Tsunami: Because of my sister. and some acute observations. over these 
few months. I got to notice you quite well. student. or should I say. 
prey. *pushes a trash can aside with her leg. also in a provocative 
manner. don't ask how.. it just is.

Aleaic: *As he continues the slowly quickening retreat. he nearly falls 
over the desk chair behind him* .Professor? What. *stumbles again* 
.what happened to the student/teacher relationship?

Tsunami: *Arms behind her back in a non-threatening guesture* .as I see 
it. the relationship is meant for the classroom. class is over. but my 
lessons are not.. *..becomes VERY threatening in her posture*

Aleaic: (Mother...) *Scampers around the desk, only to find Tsunami 
somehow already there!!*
WHAT THE!!??

Tsunami: A trick I learned from my Mother Misaki.


Azusa: *Open the door to his estate. only to be GLOMPED suddenly by 
Misaki* .ACK!!

Misaki: Hi hon. how was school. *uses her patented death hug technique* 

Azusa: Not this again. you do this. ACK. EVERY night!!!

Misaki: Only for twenty years.

Azusa: (Like I said.) *sobbing*


Aleaic: EEP!! *BOLTS FOR THE DOOR, but guess what.*

Tsunami: *Leaning on the door* .what's the rush?

Aleaic: You know. I have this paper I have to REALLY get too. 
determines my entire grade. even my life. you know.. impossible to 
miss. I have to go. REALLY. I have too. *blabbers for a good minute. 
and forgets to breathe. a Mihoshi trait.*

Tsunami: *Looks at her fainted prey* (Sasami was right. he IS like 
Mihoshi. oh well. mouth to mouth I guess..)


*Later. MUCH later*

Aleaic: *In one motion, opens, enters, shuts the door to his dorm, and 
finally leans on the door heavily*

Tenchi: *Studying with Ayeka and Ryoko. yeah. sure.* .What took you. 
you've been gone for four hours!

Aleaic: *Glances at Tenchi. with the STUPIDEST look on his face*

Ryoko: (Are you kidding!?)

Ayeka: *As she sees Aleaic slide down the door to the floor* .is there 
more we should know about Al?

Aleaic: *Staring blankly* .school. is fun.. 

*THE BRIGHT ENCOMPASING LIGHT RETURNS*


Tsunami: *Calmly whistles*

Aleaic: You enjoyed that. I KNOW you did.

Tsunami: It's a honeymoon. and you BET I did.

Azusa: So. what's next on the agenda?

Washu: Only one more. I had to get rid of another to save power to the 
Dimensional return vector. hate for this honeymoon to end up floating 
in subspace forever.

Tsunami: I don't have that problem.

Aleaic: Me neither.

The rest: WE DO!!! *MIYAAAA!!*

Aleaic: Crud.

Tsunami: Well. this last world is a special one. one meant for Aleaic 
only. a history lesson.

Tenchi: Really? About what Tsunami?

Tsunami: To see where it all began. I'm sorry. but the rest of you must 
watch, not participate. this is important to us. you will see why 
shortly.

Ryoko: Sure. these trips are giving me a headache.

Kagato: Speak for yourself. *BONKED in kind at that* ..HEY!!!

All: QUIET!!! *MIYA!!*

Kagato: *grumbles under his breath*

Aleaic: Well. *sighs* .let it rock

*A NEW LIGHT FLARES. A GOLDEN/ TEAL BLUE MIXED LIGHT*
