-Hey ya'll I just got the Tenchi Muyo import game for playstation so this may 
be my last story until I beat the first disk.

The phone rings at around 3 in the morning.
 
"Hello?"

"Hello? Makido?"

"Yeah who's this?"

"Epion. Listen we got a problem."

"What? Outta smokes?"

"Little worse than that! Jynx's back."

"How?"

"I don't know. He came back today. I think he's a ghost."

"Then why are you worried?"

"I'm not. Washu and everyone else is."

"Ok. What'dya want me to do about it?"

"Get him out!"

"No! Fuck you!"

"Fuck you. Get down here and help us."

"No. I'm busy."

"With what!?"

"Sleeping."

Aisha grabbed the phone from Makido.



"Hey! Leave us alone! We're trying to sleep!"

She hung the phone back up and went to sleep.

".....groovy."

Makido put his arm around Aisha and fell asleep. Once again the phone rang. 

"What!?"

"Sir we have communication with the K pirates."

"Eh, what about? Wait put em through this phone."

There was a slight pause and then an acid voice rang through, 

"Hello Lord Makido. We're growing impatient. Deliver the Outlaw Star."

"I'm not delivering anything. The ship is leaving in 2 days so chill out until 
then."

"Fine. One day longer and we attack."

"Whatever."

Makido hung the phone back up and went back to asleep. The next day Makido 
woke up to Aisha shaking him. 

"Hey. Makido get up."

"Huh? What's up?"

"Nothing but you've been sleeping all day."

"Didn't sleep last night."

"There's some guy in the lobby who wants to talk to you. I think it's the 
idiot that called last night."

"Epion? Alright."

When Makido got dressed he left for the lobby to see Epion and Aisha went to 
hang out with Gene and everyone before they took off. 

"Hey Makido."



"What? I don't think you'd come here just because so what're you doing here?"

"Heh, well I'm here for work."

"Don't ask me for a job."

"No but I'm gonna offer my services anyways."

"No thanks."

"Hey why don't ya listen? I hear you need to get this ship out of Jurai. Well 
I'll back it up."

"How much you want?"

"Not much. 1000 wong."

"Deal. They leave in tomorrow......here's your money. If anything happens you 
die, you leave you die. Understand?"

"Yeah, yeah I got it."

Epion left the palace and Makido went a site inside the palace where Funaho 
was buried. He went there often and sat around to think. It was quiet there. 
Very serene. 

"Oh.....what to do...what to do, what to do? Oh I am so confused. So many 
things...so many."

"Like what?"

Sasami walked in the room and sat next to Makido. 

"What?"

"You said there are so many things. Like what?"

"Like...Gene and his crew are leaving...Epion's going to protect 
them...Aisha..."

"I like her. She reminds me of Mihoshi and Mom." 

"Well I can see where she's like Mom but....."

"Well.....never mind."

"You were gonna say she's light headed weren't you?"

"........yes. I'm sorry."


"Why?"

"Because I shouldn't say things like that."

"Why not?"

"Because it's rude and it hurts people's feelings."

"Hmm."

Makido hugged Sasami. 

"See that's why I like you."

"I never figured that out. Why do you protect me?"

"You're my sister."

"So is Ayeka."

"Yeah but I don't like her."

"Why not?"

"Too snobby."

"Oh. I don't understand."

"Your still a child. Your very innocent. I never knew anyone like that. You 
gatta keep in mind I grew up in an academy with Kagato and Professor Washu."

"I know." 

"Sasami! Ayeka! Makido! Ugh! Where are you kids!?"

"Kid? Im 19."

"You said you were 28."

"Aha! There you are. Oh Makido...why do you choose to be here?"

"I dunno. It's relaxing...peaceful."

"Mmmm. C'mon. Lunch's ready." 



"Hey Mom you see where Aisha went?"

"No I didn't. I think she went out with her friends."

"Yeah I'm just concerned about where." 

In the city Aisha was with Gene, Melfina and Jim.

"Well how much do you think we made?"

"Well let me see. Aisha made 5,000,000 and you made 5,000,000 so that's 
10,000,000 wong!"

"Oh man!"

"That's a lot of wong."

"Damn straight."

"Eh..you guys can have my share."

"What? Wow Aisha that's...so not like you. What's the deal?"

"Is it alright that I want to be nice?! Besides....I've made a decision."

"Like what?"

"Well...I'm not going with you."

"What? Aisha your leaving us?"

"Yes. Well I wanna stay here with Makido."

"Well if your sure."

"Mmhhmm."

"Ok."

"Hey you must be the crew of the outlaw star."

"Yeah. Who're you?"

"My name's Epion. I work for Jurai's airforce. I'm gonna be flyin' with you to 
make sure the K pirates don't waste ya."



"Yeah? Who hired ya? I know your not an officer."

"Makido hired me of course. He's an old friend of mine."

"Old? He's 19...that's not very old...and you seem to be younger."

"Heh. Don't judge a book by it's cover. Either way we'd best go tonight. The 
pirates seem less alert at night."

"Alright."

"Ok then. See ya later."

Epion left the pub laughing. 

"So Aisha how was your night?"

That night. Makido and Epion boarded two separate ships to protect the outlaw 
star on it's departure. 

"OK Outlaw Star this is the Zyklon X. Do you read me?"

"Read ya loud and clear."

"Outlaw star this is the Zudachi. Do you read?"

"Loud and clear. How you guys hearing us?"

"Just fine. How you guys on the ground?"

"AHH! Makido get back down here! Don't go fly off and get killed!"

"Don't worry."

"Let's go!"

The ships roared off and the battle officially began.

"Makido watch it. K pirates are coming in fast."

"Boohoo. Watch me shiver. Epion I'm picking up missiles on you right."

Too late. Epion was quickly shot down. He jumped on a pod just before the 
explosion but Makido blew up the pod with his side guns.



"Hey what're you doing?!"

"I told him if he ran I'd kill him."

"Gotcha. Eh! Makido I got 5 ships on my left can ya take care of em?"

"......missiles not working. Guns are fine though."

Makido soared over to the enemy ships and wasted round after round at the 
crafts. 

"Gotcha."

"Good work."

"Everyone always said I'd be dangerous if I was given a brain. Lets see just 
how dangerous."

"Makido! Hold off! Your ship's fuel lien is leaking!"

"I'm ok. Don't worry about it Aisha."

"Yeah Aisha shut up."

"Gene! Quit telling me to shut up! Makido are you going to let him talk to me 
that way?"

"Gene knock it off."

"Heheh. Might as well say it one last time before we leave."

"Ok Gene here's the check point. At my count fire your rear missiles for a 
boost. The gravity should shoot you outta here."

"Alright."

"5..4..3..2..1!"

Gene fired the missiles and took off. Makido spun around quickly and fired 
endless rounds of ammo at the K pirates to clear a path.

"Makido hurry up!" 

"Aisha fire main cannons just to the left of me."

"Ok." 

The huge beam of light left the planet and almost 20 ships were immediately 
wiped out. 


"Hahah! Good shot."

"Yeah!"

"Aisha fire side gat's at the ships as I descend. Don't worry about hitting me 
either. My ship can take it."

"Makido..."

"Do it!"

"Fine!"

The bullets ripped through space and ships. Needless to say the Zyklon X 
wasn't spared. It took some damage. When Makido got back he ran as fast as he 
could to the control panel. He sent a message to the K pirates. 

"Hey guys. Back off now. Your trophy is getting away."

"Eh! Yes you win."

"Makido!!" 

Aisha pounced Makido as he was getting up form the controls. 

"Don't ever do that again!"

"OK."  

"Thanks though."

"Hey no problem."

"Hey you get off of him!"

Mihoshi came running in the room and pulled Aisha off of Makido. Aisha turned 
sharply to Mihoshi. Mihoshi didn't get any look of anger just concern for 
Makido.

"Uh...problem Mihoshi?"

"Yeah! You gotta problem!?"

"Yes....you...you shouldn't be so mean to Makido."

"What? Mihoshi...she's not being mean to me."


"She tackled you!"

"Yeah and your next!"

Aisha's hair floated above her shoulders as she prepared to attack Mihoshi. 
Makido slowly got up. As Aisha prepared to pounce he grabbed her waist and 
held her still. 

"Aisha....behave."

"GGGrrrrrrrrr!"

"Ah!" 

Mihoshi was more than afraid of Aisha. She had every right to be. Aisha was 
faster, stronger meaner. Neither one seemed much smarter than the other 
though. 

"Makido let me go!"

"No...I don't think so."

"Let...me..go!" 

"Promise to settle down?"

".......ggggrrrrrrr fine!"

Makido let Aisha go and she immediately sat down on the floor.

"Good girl."

Makido pulled Aisha close to him and held her. This basically let her calm 
down a little. 

"Wanna go for a walk?" 

"Ok!"

Aisha and Mihoshi answered in unison and stared at each other. They all walked 
around one of the vast fields near the palace and talked. Makido made sure to 
stay in-between them to keep any fights from happening. He knew Aisha would 
kill Mihoshi easily but he also knew of all the strange gear Mihoshi had on 
her. Aisha couldn't be killed but she could still be hurt.

"Hey Mihoshi why'd you think Aisha was hurting me?"

"No reason...."



Mihoshi looked at the ground sheepishly. Makido bent his head over to see the 
side of one of Mihoshi's eyes. 

"Ok....she jumped and it scared me."

"And it should. We ctarl-ctarl are notorious fighters." 

"Ow!...Ow!"

"Why do you keep saying ow?"

"Something's hitting the back of my leg."

Makido looked back and saw Aisha swiping at Mihoshi with her tail.  

"Aisha....."

"Ok, ok."

"That's better."

"If Kiyone was here she'd punch you so hard!"

Mihoshi didn't realize what she said until after she said it. She looked up at 
Makido who didn't seem too phased by her comment. 

"I-I'm sorry...oh I miss Kiyone so much!!! WWWAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!!!"

Mihoshi started to cry and fell on Aisha.

"Hey get off me!" 

Aisha pushed Mihoshi off of her. Well she tried to at least. Mihoshi kept a 
firm grip on Aisha and continued to cry. Makido was just standing there 
laughing to himself. 

"Well help me get her off me!"

"Ok, ok."

Makido walked over and put his hand on one of Mihoshi's shoulders. 

"It's alright Mihoshi. I miss her too."

Mihoshi quickly let go of Aisha and grabbed onto Makido. She continued crying 
for a few solid minutes. 


"C'mon Mihoshi lets go back inside and you can get some rest."

Makido took Mihoshi back inside and Aisha just hung out in the field for a 
while. When they reached her room in the palace she was still crying. 

"C'mon Mihoshi." 

Makido walked Mihoshi to her bed and helped her down. When he started to leave 
Mihoshi was already asleep.

"Heh, kids."

"Ma-makido..."

"What?"

He didn't realize it at fist but she talking in her sleep.

"Makido...I...I still love you."

Makido turned around to see her then tossing in her sleep and whining a 
little.

"N-no! Kiyone! No! Come back! Don't leave me.....Kiyone."

He finally left the room but was rather concerned. The activities that have 
been taking place lately have more or less been taking there toll on Makido 
physically and mentally. He started to walk back to the field when everything 
became blurry. He stumbled a little and then finally collapsed in the hall. A 
few hours later he was found by Misaki. When he woke up Sasami and Aisha were 
in his room looking at him.

"What? What's going on?"

"You blacked out."

"Oh my god. I can't feel my legs."

"What!?"

Aisha's eyes grew wide with fear.

"Just kidding."

"What?! Why you....not funny!"

"Heh. Hi."


"Wow Makido you've been asleep for almost 3 days!" 

"Really? Then I'm late."

"No. All your meetings and everything have been taken care of."

"Really? Great."

Makido propped himself up in the bed and started to get out of bed when he 
realized he was only in his boxers. 

"Hey y'all mind leaving for a second while I get dressed?"

"No." 

Sasami and Aisha started to leave. Makido then realized something was wrong. 
He shook his head and smiled a little. 

"Aisha......" 

Makido cleaned himself up and got dressed. Sasami took off but after a little 
bit Aisha came back in and laid on the bed next to Makido.

"Aisha......"

"Yes?"

"I know what you did."

"What? What'd I do?"

"You mean you didn't...you know?"

Her eyes grew wide again. 

"No! Eh! I'd wait until you were awake for that!"

"Heh...then who did?"

"........I bet it was Mihoshi! I'll kill her!"

"Aisha....I know it wasn't Mihoshi. She's too sheepish to attempt something 
like that."

"Well someone did it. Let's see...it wasn't me or Mihoshi...oh I'm gonna find 
who...eh who slept with you in your sleep...oh that sounds weird."


"Aisha chill out."

Later that night there was a soft whimper at Makido and Aisha's door. 

"Makido!" 

"Sasami?"

He went to the door and opened it up. Sasami was sanding at the door crying.

"Nightmare?"

"Yes. Can I sleep with you tonight?"

"Ok."

Aisha was awake and didn't seem to mind since they weren't doing anything that 
night and she knew Makido would take her back to her room after she fell 
asleep.  

"You ok kid?"

"Yes Ms. Aisha I'm alright?"

"You know you can just call me Aisha."

"Ok. Aisha do you ever get nightmares?"

"Yes...all the time."

"Really? But you seem so strong and brave."

"Well I am. But I still get scared." 

"Really?"

"Sure. Everyone get's scared. Even your brother."

"No I don't. Don't lie to her."

"Makido!"

"Alright. Yes Sasami I get scared sometimes...just not very often...and only a 
little scared." 

"What things scare you?"



"My own death. I know it will never happen so it scares me to think of what 
happens after that."

"What about you Makido?"

".......well....loud noises....water."

"Your afraid of water?"

"Yup." 

Aisha started to crack up.

"Oh my god what a baby!"

"Shut up Aisha. Yes I'm afraid of deep water. If I can't see the bottom I 
don't want anything to do with it."

"Aisha....can I ask you a question? My sister told me that nothing hurts you. 
That right?"

"No. I just can't die."

"Why?"

"Because I'm an immortal ctarl-ctarl!"

Sasami laid her head on Aisha's shoulder and fell asleep. 

"Huh?"

"Guess she likes ya."

"Guess so."

"Want me to take her out now?"

"No...let her sleep here."

Makido smiled at Aisha, kissed her softly and quietly and they all fell 
asleep. The next morning Makido woke up before anyone else. He looked over to 
see Aisha and Sasami. It was weird...almost...almost like for a night Aisha 
took Misaki's place. He dismissed it as quickly as he could and got dressed 
and prepared for the day.

"Oh I have a bad feeling about today.....I wonder why."

When Aisha woke up she tried not to wake Sasami. She joined Makido out in one 
of the hallways. 


"Hi."

"Hey. What's up?"

"Nothing."

"How'd you sleep?"

"Pretty good actually."

"Really? Your starting to like Sasami aren't you?"

"...yes. What's a matter with you?"

"I dunno. I just got this feeling."

Later that day everyone sat down for dinner. Misaki was her usual self talking 
wildly to Aisha. Aisha was bored out of her mind. Ayeka was trying to act 
proper and Sasami was just eating. Makido wasn't eating for some reason. A 
breeze swept through the room. Everyone looked up to a dark figure standing in 
the corner of the room. 

"I'm sorry Makido but I've been hired to kill you."

"You don't say."

Makido turned his attention away form Suzuka and back to his dinner. 

"If you don't mind we're eating."

"Please don't make this any harder than it has to be. I'll give you 5 minutes 
to say your goodbyes."

"That's alright. I'm not going anywhere." 

"Then we fight."

"Fine."

Makido stood up and stepped a little bit away from the table.

"Last chance Suzuka...back out."

"No."

"Alright."


Makido stuck his hand out in front of him. A black wind came from his palm and 
flowed back around his wrist.

"What are you doing?"

"Fade to black."

The room and everything turned pitch black. Suzuka could still see Misaki and 
everyone else but she couldn't see Makido.

"I'm sorry your life is gonna end up like this. I don't fight like everyone 
else. I don't kill. I maim."

"Makido! Suzuka please stop this!" 

Misaki pleaded to them both but they ignored her.

"Ready?"

"Show yourself!"

"All in due time. HA!"

A small patch on black appeared on Suzuka's shoulder and she arched her back. 

"Heheh. Sorry you didn't turn? Blade's hurt people. Do you understand, now 
this part right here is gonna hurt a whole lot."

A bolt of electricity shot from the black pitch down to her legs. Suzuka 
screamed out from the pain. After the light from the bolts faded away she hung 
over on the black hole. She still managed to speak. 

"P-please.....stop."

"Too late for that. Here it comes again."

Another light came form the hole. This time a stream of fire shot to her legs. 
Once again she screamed. After that Makido sent a few more spells to Suzuka. 
Ice, mussel spasms and a shower of small needles. Finally the black pitch 
disappeared and the world reappeared. Suzuka fell to the ground and Makido was 
standing behind her fallen body.

"Bet that hurt huh?"

"Eh....."



Suzuka was hurt so badly she couldn't even speak. When Misaki and Ayeka looked 
at her legs they couldn't see any wounds. 

"I.....I.....I can't feel my legs."

"Heh. And you never will. You messed with the wrong person and that is your 
punishment."

"No.....no."

Suzuka laid her head in her arms and wept.

"Sucks huh?"

"Makido! What have you done?!"

Everyone stared at him coldly. 

"......alright, alright."

A red fog seeped into Makido's body and he released a red bolt into Suzuka. 
When the bolt stopped Suzuka stood up and ran.

"Makido....."

"Yeah...I'm twisted." 

"Wow! Makido that was amazing!"

"Well thanks but still...I don't think things should've gone that way. Be 
right back."

Makido spread his wings and left through the window. Keep in mind Aisha and 
Misaki have never seen Makido's wings so it was totally new to them and some 
what disturbing. When he found Suzuka she was behind a building in the city. 
He landed a few feet in front of her.

"What? You've done quite enough. Go away."
   
"No I haven't. Dig this I'm not here to fight. Why'd you attack me?"

"I was hired."

"By who?"

"I can't say."

"Alright. Where you stayin'?"



"No where."

"Wanna get a room at the palace?"

"What? Why would you offer me refuge after I attempted to kill you?"

"Well I think your smart enough to dig that I can break you at any second. I 
simply choose not too, since your Aisha's friend and all."

"I see. Yes I accept."

"Groovy. Wanna lift?"

"Sure."

"Grab on."

Suzuka took Makido hand and he took off for the palace.  

"If you don't mind me asking how come your not with Gene and everyone?"

"I was offered a job. Just because I hang out with Gene, Jim and Melfina 
doesn't mean I don't do my own work or leave them."

"Got it."

When they got to the palace Misaki and Sasami were both trying to gather their 
thoughts on what had happened. Aisha was still eating and Ayeka was talking to 
herself about how bad an influence Makido was on everyone. Suzuka and Makido 
didn't go straight to back to the dining room however. First Makido showed 
Suzuka her room. The rest of the night by pretty uneventfully. Except for one 
thing. Very late in the night Aisha got up and went for a snack. Makido and 
everyone else was soundly asleep. At least that's what she thought. On the way 
to the kitchen she passed Funaho's grave and heard a faint crying. She didn't 
make any sound but instead pressed her ear on the wall to hear better without 
being recognized.

"Oh Aunt Funaho.....I did something terrible. Makido passed out one night....I 
think I should start earlier.  One time I over heard my mom talking to Makido. 
She said that if he wasn't dating Aisha she'd arrange for him to marry me. I 
started thinking. Well anyways when he was knocked out once, late at night I 
snuck in his room. Oh!........Aunt Funaho...I think I raped Makido." 

Aisha's ear's snapped up and she got really pissed off. 

"What!!!"

She jumped in the room and sprung towards Sasami. 


"What did you do!!!???"

Sasami started to cry.

"Please, don't hurt me."

Aisha ignored Sasami and grabbed the front of her shirt collar.  She lifted 
Sasami up a little and pulled her fist back. She started to swing but her 
wrist got caught. 

"Hey! What's going on?"

"Makido....I found out who it was..."

"Huh? Oh wait....woah."

Sasami ran at Makido and squeezed him. 

"I-I'm sorry Makido."

Sasami started to cry even harder. Makido patted her on the back.

"We'll um, we'll talk about this tomorrow." 

Sasami ran off as fast as she could to get away from Aisha. 

"Your just gonna let her get away with that?!"

"No. I'm just too in shock to think of anything."

"GGGrrrrrr! How can you be so calm!?"

Suzuka entered the room but was half asleep.

"Hey. Please keep it down."

She left the room.

The next day Sasami did her best to stay away form Makido and Aisha but it 
didn't work. While she was sneaking around a corner she walked right into 
Aisha. 

"Eh...h-hi."

"Eeeeeh this worked out better than I thought. C'mon Sasami. Your brother 
wants to talk to ya."

"No."


"Too late."

Aisha dragged Sasami off to the same field she saw Makido die in. When they 
got there Makido was lying in a patch of grass staring at the sky. 

"Makido. I found her."

"Aight. Thanks."

"Sure no problem."

"Um Aisha do you mind if I talk to Sasami alone?"

"Sure."

Aisha left and Sasami tried to bolt outta there. Makido snapped his wrist and 
Sasami found herself chained to a chair next to Makido.

"What? How?"

"Heh, simple parlor trick. Sasami....I wanna talk to you like an adult. But if 
you wanna be difficult I'll talk to you like a child."

"I am a child."

"You seem to like doing adult things." 

"Makido!"

Makido never took his attention off the sky. 

"Sasami you know what you did."

"Yes and I'm sorry."

"You know you were wrong?"

"Yes!" 

"Alright. Just as well. I'm gonna forget this happened alright."

".....yes."

"Ok then."



Makido snapped his fingers and Sasami was released and ran away as fast as she 
could. 

Ahma quickly ran into the field. 

"Sir. We have transmission from The Galactic Police."

"Fine. Ahma...I hate my job."

"I understand sir."

"Ahma...just call me Makido. We'll unless we have dignitaries here."

"Of course."

Makido left for the transmission room. 

"Hello?"

"Hello Lord Makido. I must speak to you in person. It's of dire importance."

"Of course. I'll be out by the end of the hour. I should arrive in 2 if the 
travel's fair."

"Certainly."

The transmission ended and Makido leaned as far back in the chair as he could 
without falling. 

"Ahma is Mihoshi back yet?"

"No sir. She's still on assignment."

"Alright. Well I'm gonna take off now....I think I'll take Aisha with me."

"Shall I fetch her?"

"No, I'll get her."

When Makido found Aisha she was playing some video game. 

"Hey Aisha. I gatta go to galactic police HQ. Wanna come with?"

"Sure!"

On the trip Aisha was a lot like a child. She couldn't keep still but instead 
was bouncing window to window to see everything she could. Eventually they 
made it to Galactic Police HQ. 



"Hey Aisha I gatta meet the Marshal. If ya want you can cruse the HQ, get 
something to eat. I'll catch up with ya later."

"Ok."

"Lord Makido. The Grand Marshal awaits you in his office."

"Of course. I know the way."

When he reached the office to talk to the marshal he found the old man to 
rather worried.

"Hey. You alright?"

"No. No not in the least."

"So what's the matter?"

"We've gotten word from the K pirates. I'll play the tape for you."

A screen came form the ceiling and an image of a K pirate and Mihoshi were 
displayed.

"Ha! Lord Makido we haven't forgotten your helping that boy. This is our pay 
back. We have Detective Mihoshi held captive. We know you'd like to see her 
alive. Well we purpose a challenge. You will face two of or greatest fighters. 
At once if you win you'll get your little girlfriend back safe and sound. If 
you lose you both die. See ya."

"Well you saw the message."

"Don't worry. It's not Mihoshi. See the line at the base of the neck? It's a 
latex mask. A good one but still a mask."

"But why?"

"It's a trap."

"Then where's Mihoshi?"

"You got a track on her ship? You know where it is?"

"I can find out. We've sent messages but with no response."

"With all due respect sir Mihoshi tends to...sleep in a lot. You know what I 
mean?"

"No I'm afraid I don't."



"She's lazy. VERY lazy. She's probably sleeping on her ship and it's 
drifting."

"Of course. Sir will you help me find her?"

"Sure why not."

"Um I have one other question. Why did that man refer to Mihoshi as your 
girlfriend?"

"Mihoshi and I were involved a while back. We broke up though."

"I see."

"Yes well I'll be off then. However if I may I'd like to take three of the 
academy's students with me. Might be a nice field exercise."

"Indeed. I'll have them report right away."

The PA was sent out and the three top students showed up at the marshal's 
office. 

"Yes sir."

"This is Lord Makido Jurai. Head of the military in Jurai. He'll be taking you 
on your first mission."

"Does this mean we graduated sir?"

"No. You will if you pass this though."

"Ok then let's go."

The students saluted the marshal and they left with Makido. After walking down 
the hall a bit Aisha ran right into Makido. The students pulled their issued 
weapons right away. Makido kicked them away just as fast.

"You three got a problem?"

"She's a ctarl-ctarl sir. We're trained to kill ctarl-ctarl on sight."

"Well this one happens to be my girlfriend so behave."

"Yes sir. Sorry sir." 

"Ggrrr!"



Aisha sprung to her feet and started to lunge at the young female officer but 
Makido caught her n mid air. 

"How dare you pull a weapon on a ctarl-ctarl!"

"Aisha chill. Alright kids listen up your mission is to track down Detective 
Mihoshi's ship."

"Yes sir."

The three student ran to the control room and worked furiously to track the 
ship. 

"Found it sir."

"Stop calling me sir. I get enough of that at home. Makido will do just fine. 
Either way where is she?"

"Sector 87.23-4"

"Alright lets go get her."

"Sir?"

"This is a rescue mission kid."

"I see."

"Well then first things first. Fire up the engine."

"I...I don't know how sir. This doesn't seem to be a Galactic Police ship or a 
Juraian ship."

"Excellent observation. This is not a Juraian ship or one belonging to the 
Galactic Police. It is a custom ship. Push that lever to go."

"Yes sir."

"Aisha and I will man the weapons and scanners. This is what I want you to do. 
Travel that parsec with...30,000 square feet in between each sweep."

"30,000 feet sir?"

"Yes. This is ship has a great radar."

"Aye. Ugh sir we've found her."

"Go in for boarding."



"Yes sir. I believe we're supposed to establish communication first."

"It's been tried and failed. We board."

"Alright."

The ship creped over to Mihoshi's ship. Yukinojo was going crazy trying to 
alert Mihoshi of the approaching ship. Of course she was passed out in her 
chair. A large drill came out of Makido's ship. It pierced Mihoshi's and the 
drill opened up to become a transport tube. 

"Alright everybody out."

The group filed out of the ship and into Mihoshi's. 

"Alright. You check out the entertainment section. You check the engine room. 
You check the ships quarters. Keep on your guard. I doubt anything's wrong but 
just in case. Makido went to check the mess hall and Aisha went to the bridge.

"Makido! I found her!"

"Groovy! Be right there! Cadets! Bridge now!"

The cadets and Makido left to the bridge. Aisha was staring at Mihoshi. She 
was sitting in her chair and bleeding from the head.

"Oh man. You there. Call HQ. Tell them to send a med crew here a.s.a.p., give 
them our exact coordinates."

"Yes sir."

"Yukinojo do you know what happened?"  

"Yes. Three large men came in here and clobbered Mihoshi with some sort of 
club."

"Dig it. Well at least she's still alive. How long ago was this?"

"A few days. Maybe 2."

"I see. Looks like she's lost a lot of blood but I think she'll live. Well I 
guess the first thing to do would be to patch the wound up as much as 
possible."

"Alright." 

"......well that's about all we can do for now."



After about an hour a ship approached and a communication link was sent.

"This is The Galactic Police. Is Detective Mihoshi ready for transport?"

"Sure."

The med crew went aboard the ship and took Mihoshi and the cadets back to HQ. 
Aisha and Makido stayed on the ship for a little bit.

"Yukinojo came you bring up an image of the guys that attacked Mihoshi?"

"Of course."

The image was displayed and Makido instantly realized who it was. 

"The Flock brothers? This must have been before the tournament ended."

"Affirmative. The Tournament Of Jurai ends on the 18th..this happened on the 
15th."

"Wow. 3 days of floating around bleeding. Can you find any motives?"

"......no."

"Well...either way they're both dead. Justice has been served."

"Let's go home."

"Alright Aisha alright. I just gatta go back to HQ real quick. You can leave 
for home if you want though."

"OK."

As agreed Makido stayed at HQ to speak to the marshal and Aisha went back 
home.

"Ah, Lord Makido. Any news?"

"Yes, we found Mihoshi unconscious on her ship as I predicted. However she was 
attacked a few days earlier and lost some blood. We called for a med crew and 
I think she'll be alright." 

"Thank god." 

"Yes. Well sir if that will be all I'd like to be returning home."

"Actually. I wish to speak to you. I noticed the women you came here with is a 
ctarl-ctarl. I'd like to know why you would bring her kind into here."


"Because she is my girlfriend and was acting as back-up if something went 
airy."

"I see. Well I want to warn you. Don't bring her back. Our people are trained 
to kill on sight. She might have been hurt."

"Indeed sir. Goodbye."

Makido took off for Jurai. When he got home Suzuka was gone, Ayeka left for 
Earth, Washu and Ryoko were visiting and Misaki was just lying talking to 
Aisha. Makido went right up to his room
to lay down and tried not to draw any attention. When he got up stairs he fell 
right asleep. 

"Wake up kid. It's a long a busy day."

"Wha-I'm sleeping. Leave me alone."

Makido didn't even give to common courtesy to see who was talking to him.

"Well fine then sleep your life away." 

"Huh? Oh fine I'm up."

Makido sat up and as soon as his eyes adjusted he saw the green eyed, red 
haired goddess staring at him.

"Hi."

"Oh Washu. Hello."

"Hi. Listen your mom wanted to hire me and Ryoko to teach Sasami but since 
Ryoko refused I'm letting you help me."

"Me? For what?"

"Well I'm gonna teach her science and such and your gonna teach her how to 
fight."

"She's too young."

"No she's not. Now c'mon class starts in 5 minutes. You know I tlaked to 
Tsunami a little while ago...some strange things."

"What?"

"Well I guess we're related."

"Maybe. I'm still confused."


"About what?"

"If I'm a god how is Misaki my mother?"

"Well same way I have a mother. When we become more or less human we have to 
be re-born however we keep our traits."

"Dig it. So what does that make us?"

"I think I'm your sister."

"Yeah I've got a few of 'em now."

"Heh. Me too. 4 if I'm not mistaken."

"Yup."

Washu and Makido reached an old room on a far side of the palace. Makido had 
never seen this room before. 

"Where are we?"

"A long time ago this room was used to keep the royal family safe from 
attacks. They since blocked it off but we took the wall down to make a lab and 
training area."

"Ok."

"Not what you expected?"

"No not really. I kinda thought it was just a room with no real purpose."

"Oh Makido everything has purpose."

"I guess. What am I supposed to teach Sasami? Magic? Hand to hand?"

"Magic and swords play."

"Ok."

"You wanna go first?"

"Doesn't matter to me. But I think you'd better since she'll be pretty tired 
after I'm done."

"Alright."



Sasami took her lessons with Washu on science and other various subjects, when 
she was done she'd go next door to Makido's 'dojo' even though he never 
thought of it as anything more than a room.

"Hey Sasami. What's up?"

"Nothing."

"Ok well whatd'ya wanna work on first? Sword or magic?"

"Magic."

"Ok. I'll start you off with an easy spell. This is a shadow spell. It's good 
for training and fighting but not so much if your around in a fight. Simply 
concentrate on an image of yourself. Your body, voice, just about everything."

"Ok." 

Sasami closed her eyes and remained silent for a few moments. After only about 
a minute a second Sasami stood behind Makido. 

"Good job Sasami. To tell ya the truth it took me a few weeks to learn that."

"Wow!  Really did it."

"Yup. Well now Sasami I'll teach you how to control your shadow. As you can 
see its just standing there."

"Uh-huh."

"Ok well it's easier than creating a shadow. Just think of a movement."

"Oh."

The shadow Sasami's hand opened up and it waved at Makido. Then real Sasami 
giggled a little. 

"Cool huh?"

"Yeah." 

"Ok try this. It's another basic spell but it's more for defense. It's a black 
lightning spell. It causes black lightning to fall around you. It will keep 
anything away as long as you keep pouring it down."

"Alright."


"Concentrate on lightning. It's that simple."

"OK."

Sasami thought long and hard but she couldn't generate the spell.

"Hu. I can't do it."

"That's alright. Magic isn't an easy thing to learn. Your doing very well 
though. Leaning the shadow technique is a great step. Soon enough you'll learn 
the bonemender and fade to black spells. Those are spells that require a lot 
of practice and concentration. However I don't think I'll ever teach it to you 
or anyone else. It's too dangerous unless you learn bonemender first."

"What do they do?"

"Remember when I fought Suzuka? The move I used was fade to black. I healed 
her with the bonemender."

"Ok. I don't think I want that. It was scary."

"I know. But it's effective none the less. I think that's enough for magic 
today. Lets work on your swordsmanship." 

A few hours passed. 

"Eh....I can't use a sword."

"........here try this."

"This isn't a sword."

"No but it's just as good."

Makido handed Sasami his pistol and set up a target.

"Ok Sasami see it's very simple. Point that at whatever you want to die. Once 
your aimed squeeze the trigger don't pull it."

"Ok......"

The gun fired and the target fell to the ground. A hole was dead in the 
center.

"Wow!"

"Good job.....very good job."


"Can I try again?"

"Of course."

Makido set up a new target. Once again Sasami hit the bulls eye.

"Ok. Sasami. Forget the swords I'm gonna teach you how to shoot."

"What is this?"

Misaki entered the room and didn't look to happy.

"Hey."

"Hi, Makido what is Sasami doing with a gun?"

"Well since she seems to be a natural shot I thought she should learn how to 
shoot."

"I wanted her to learn how to use a sword. Guns and dangerous and not for 
children!"

"And swords aren't? Swords kill too ya know."

Misaki tried to slap Makido but her hand went right through him. 

"What!?"

"Hahahahaha!"

A second Makido walked out from the next room with Washu. 

"Now Sasami do you see how well the shadow spell works?"

Sasami didn't answer but giggled instead.

Misaki went to the real Makido. She once again tried to slap him but her hand 
was stopped inches away from his face. He didn't give any token of thought but 
just stared at her. 

"Stop trying to hit me. It's not gonna work."

Misaki let her hand down.

"Fine, teach Sasami how to use a gun, but her safety is in your hands....I 
don't know why I'm that worried."

"Hmm."


"Bye."

Misaki left the room. Everyone sat down.

"Had enough for today?"

"Yeah. How'd you stop mom from hitting you?"

"Pressure. As simple as that. I'll teach you how to do it someday."

"Washu do you know any magic?"

"Some. Not as much as my sisters, brother or Ayeka. But a little."

"Really?"

"Sure. I can transport like Makido and generate a light sword like Ryoko." 

"Oh. Cool."

"Magic's not easy to learn. I suggest you concentrate more on your academics."

"Why?"

"Your gonna be queen someday. Knowledge is power. Magic should only be a 
hobby."

"Ok."

"However....."

"Ow! What was that?"

"Pressure dart. It stings a little but does no damage. If you start to slip in 
Washu's class your gonna get more of 'em. Dig it?"

"Yes."

"Good. Well I'm off."

"Bye."

"Oh Makido before you go I'm supposed to tell you. Tsunami would like a word 
with you. She didn't seem to happy when I saw her."

"Alright."


Makido left the back rooms and back to the port. Once again he boarded 
Sasami's ship and went to see Tsunami. And like Washu said. She was straight 
pissed off! 

"Eh, hey Tsunami. Washu said you wanted to see me."

"Yeah! Makido your going to ruin Jurai! I know what your going to do. Your 
going to marry that Aisha women and she'll ruin everything!"

"How?"

"People here won't accept a ctarl-ctarl in the royal family! It just won't 
work!"

"They accepted Funaho."

"Yes but that's because earthlings are more like Jurains than ctarl-ctarl!"

"Guess so. Tsunami I love her. I don't know what you want me to do."

"Are you sure?"

"Yeah."

"Don't you also love Mihoshi?"

".....yes."

"There. I'm sorry to yell but I know how stubborn you are."

"Uh-huh."

"Oh I'm sorry. But either way I had to stop you before it was too late."

"How? How did that stop me?"

"It won't....I just wanted to let you know what will happen."

"................"

"Makido.....I'm sorry but it's just how things have to be, the way they are."

"Yeah.....I know."

"So what're you gonna do?"

"I suppose...leave."


"Leave!?"

"Yes...I love Aisha too much to ever leave her but.....I can't endanger 
Sasami....my mom...even my sisters."

"Hmm."

"I know you don't understand but you will. So will everyone else."

"Makido....you have to finish teaching Sasami."

"I'm not leaving right away. I still have duties."

"Speaking of which. I know that you know that Washu and I are your sisters and 
well that Sasami and Ayeka are your sisters. Well you do have one more 
sister."

"If it's Aisha I'm gonna flip out."

"No...her name is Tokimi. She is a goddess like Washu and I. However she is 
pure evil. I think she wants us dead. All of us."

"Well might as well do this old school style. How can I reach her?"

"You can't but I can."

"Ok well if she wants a piece of me we might as well do it right. I'll fight 
her. One on one. Jurai's tournament square. Any time she wants."

"Alright. I'll deliver the message."

"Great. See ya."

"Wait! I'm not sure you should."

"Hey I've never lost a battle. Don't worry so much about me."

"I can't help it. Too many people worry about you to throw your life away!"

"I thought I can't die."

"You can die but only a god or goddess can kill you."

"Then why have I been carrying this around?"

Makido drew a small button out of his pocket and crushed it in his palm.


"Makido.....be careful. I will arrange your fight for today. At 6 o'clock." 

"Thanks sis. Bye."

Tsunami let out a quick sigh and left to speak to Tokimi. By 5 everyone in the 
house had gotten word of his fight with Tokimi and even though they all knew 
they couldn't change his mind they tried anyway.

"Makido your insane! You can't beat her!"

"Sure I can."

"Makido...your not strong enough!"

"Sure I am." 

He was being very stubborn and the pleas of his friends and family fell on 
deaf ears. Finally the time came. Makido left early though. When the fight was 
about to begin Tsunami and Washu joined his Misaki, Sasami, Ayeka and Aisha. 
They all took their seats in the arena. Makido wasn't in his usual battle gear 
but instead just a plain pair of jeans, a white t-shirt. The only thing 
unusual about his attire is he wore a rolled up red bandanna on his right 
wrist and a blue one on his left. As well as a gun sheath on his back. Tokimi 
appeared on the other side of the arena. Makido and Tokimi walked to the 
center to meet each other. 

"Hello dear brother. I've often watched you from afar. Your very strong. Join 
me."

"Heh. No I don't think so. I know your planning to overthrow my family and 
kill Washu and Tsunami. Is that anyway for siblings to act?"

"I see. Well then. We might as well make this to the death."

"Wouldn't have it any other way."



They walked away form each other. They turned around and stared each other 
down a little. They both ran to the center. On the way Makido let loose a few 
shots from the shot gun in the sheath. A few connected but did little damage. 
He dropped the gun and drew his sword quickly and slashed. Their swords 
clashed and they both jumped back and once again ran in for the attack. Over 
and over again they ran in for attacks and blocked each other. Tokimi threw a 
laser knife which went right through Makido's shoulder. He fell back a little 
but quickly regained his footing. Tokimi ran in and swiped. She missed and 
Makido swung down with his fist. He struck a mighty blow to the back of 
Tokimi's head. She fell to the ground hard. He went for a stab but she rolled. 
She hopped up and shot a quick fire spell which caused enough damage to make 
Makido drop to a knee. She ran up and quickly stabbed him. Her sword got stuck 
in his shoulder bone. With what strength he still had he stabbed her in 
return. Tokimi stumbled backward and Makido fell to his side but eventually 
pushed himself back up. Tokimi wasn't finished either. She dashed towards him 
and let lose a vary of magic attacks. Makido was quick to draw the light hawk 
wings. However this time instead of 5 he drew 15! He glanced back and saw that 
Tsunami was giving him her's. He quickly disabled the loaned ones. He threw an 
energy ball from the wings at Tokimi but it missed. Suddenly she appeared 
behind him. She raised her hand and thrusted downward with a knife. He tried 
to doge the attack but the knife caught the top of his shoulder and the blood 
was quick to ooze from the wound. He fell to his side easily. He wasn't dead 
but was just about out of energy. Tokimi kneeled down beside him and pulled 
his ear close to her mouth. She whispered into his ear.

"After this is over I will kill our little sisters and then I will go down the 
row. Misaki, Ayeka, Aisha and finally little Sasami. But don't worry I'll make 
sure that they suffer." 

She let go and Makido once again fell. She started to walk towards the stand. 
Everyone was horrified at what Tokimi had done. 

"Now it's your turn. My dear, dear Tsunami."

"No."

"What?"

Tokimi turned around and Makido was now floating in the air. He had his wings 
spread out as far as they could go and had a fiery glow around him. He circled 
Tokimi and she backed away. She had never seen this power. 

"How?"

"Bonemender."

"Ehhh! This doesn't make any difference! I'll just break you again!"

"I'm sorry to have to do this."

An electrical light started to flow in his wings and a ball of lightning grew 
in between their tips. The ball grew to a tremendous size. Tokimi started to 
back away in fear of this new power. The ball then started to shrink until it 
disappeared. 

"Ha! Just a parlor trick!"

Makido grinned and suddenly a gigantic beam of pure electricity shot from the 
center and right at Tokimi. She screamed as it connected. When the beam was 
gone their was no trace of Tokimi. The fiery glow disappeared as did the wings 
and Makido fell on his back. Aisha, Sasami and Misaki ran from the seats. 
Tsunami and Washu sat still. Ayeka wasn't really concerned either way. They 
crowded around him. Their was no visible damage but his eyes were closed 
tight. Aisha started to tear up. She grabbed Makido's shirt collar and began 
to shake him.


"Makido! Makido! Please don't be dead."

"Ugh...I'm not dead. I'm drained. Just let me lye here for a little. I'll be 
alright." 

Aisha didn't listen to him. Instead she pulled him to his feet. 

"Aisha.....leave me alone. Let me relax for a second."

"No! We're going home." 

"Heh."

He opened his eyes and turned to face her. He made her let him go and then 
picked her up.

"Hey!"

Before she could finish her sentence Makido kissed her deeply. He then 
remembered about Washu and Tsunami. He set Aisha back down and walked over to 
his sisters. 

"Well....that's that."

"Stop trying to act cool."

"Yes. We all know you were scared."

"Naw. I'm never scared."

Tsunami and Washu stared at him with a sassy look on their faces. 

"Ok maybe a little."

"That's better." 

"Well...Tokimi's dead. Now what?"

"That's up to you. Right now you have two choices. You can either leave for 
Earth and stay with Aisha or leave her and stay on Jurai."

".......yeah."

"Well it's your choice."

"I think.....I'll stay here with Aisha."

"Makido you can't! You'll destroy everything!"


"Well. I love Aisha too much to ever leave her but I can't leave my family."

"Then come live with me on the other side."

Tsunami chimed in cheerfully, an idea that may have been the perfect solution.

"It's a whole world in it's own so it's not like you'll be in my house or 
anything. And you can come and go as you please."

"Yeah. Thanks Tsunami."

"Makido one thing though you must do it in one years time." 

"No problem."

"Well we're going now. Until then."

"Bye."

Washu and Tsunami disappeared and Makido went to join his family. 

-The End 

-Yo much love to All The Tru Hatchet Ryderz and The Get Up Kids!
