VISIONARIES
By: Matt Taylor

Disclaimer: All Ranma 1/2 characters are the property of Rumiko Takahashi. 
All Tenchi Muyo characters are the property of AIC/Pioneer. I receive no 
payment for this and am doing it for my own amusement.

************

CHAPTER 4

"You were great back there Tenchi! Didn't I say he would be great?" Ranma 
said. Ukyo sighed slightly.

"You where great back there, Tenchi." She said.

"Thanks." Tenchi said, still shocked that he had beat the school fencing 
champion. Ranma had a grin of victory plastered over his face.

"I knew you could kick his sorry butt." Said Ranma. "Did you see the look on 
his face when Tenchi knocked the sword out of his hands? Priceless! I wish I 
brought a camera."

"Why do you hate Kuno so much, Ranchan? You only met him today." Said Ukyo.

"I don't know. I just don't like the guy. He's so conceited."

"Yes, he's definitely that. But you seem to forget your own ego, Ranma."

"Hey, I maybe a little confident in my abilities, but that's only because I 
can't be beaten." He said, as Ukyo sighed. "Besides, Kuno needed an ego 
deflation."

"I do hope you're happy Ranma. Thanks to your challenge, we missed the buss, 
and have to walk home." Said Tenchi.

"Hey, necessary sacrifice." He replied.

"How far are we from home?" Asked Ukyo.

"Not that far, really, maybe half an hour." Said Tenchi. Actually he thought 
it was rather nice, walking through the forest to get home. He didn't have 
the chance to most times, as he usually rode the bus. They continued on, 
Ranma still talking about the look on Kuno's face, with Ukyo and Tenchi 
enjoying the scenery. It was when they where nearing home, when Tenchi felt 
something odd. All of a sudden his shirt ruffled up, and a pair of arms 
materialized around him. 

"Welcome home Tenchi." A low, seductive voice spoke into his ear. He turned 
his head to see Ryoko behind him.

"Ryoko! Get off!" He said. She laughed a bit and did so. Ranma's previous 
good mood evaporated at the sight of the pirate.

"So how was school?" She asked.

"Great! Tenchi beat the school fencing champion in a duel."

"A fight?" Ryoko said, her voice showing slight worry, as she put her arms 
around Tenchi again. "You weren't hurt where you?"

"No, Ryoko, I'm okay." He said. "Would you please get off?"

"Oh fine." She said, Ryoko floated in the air next to the trio. Ukyo giggled 
a bit at the scene, and wondered how Ranma would react to her doing the same.

************

    Somewhere in space, a large wooden ship floated softly through the void, 
as it has for the last 700 years. Inside, the ship is covered with a cold 
mist. Deep in the ship's bowels is a room, where someone has been asleep for 
all this time. But this sleep is soon to be disturbed.

"Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep." The ship's computer suddenly activated, 
sending signals to several other parts of the ship. Fans began to dissipate 
the cold mist, and heaters start to heat up the ship. In the room, where she 
ships sole occupant sleeps, machines hum to life, and start to check for life 
signs. A green light appears on one, and there is a dinging sound. The mist 
disappears, and the figure starts to stir. It gets up from the bed and walks 
toward the main bridge. When it gets there a screen appears in thin air, 
showing a woman with spiky cyan hair, and gold eyes. The figure put its hand 
up to the screen.

"You."

"System received re-appearance signal exactly 32 hours ago." The ship's 
computers said. "Subject has re-appeared on Planet Earth, third planet of the 
Sol system."

"Get us there!"

"Yes ma'am!" As this woman went about her business, she didn't see a small 
figure watching her from the entrance to the bridge. In a moment, it had 
retreated to the back of the ship.

*************

"Ranma! You shouldn't be pushing Tenchi into these fights!" Said Nodoka.

"Oh come on, Mom! You should have heard the way Kuno talked him, the honor of 
the family was at stake."

"Somehow I doubt that." Tenchi said under his breath.

"Miya." Ryo-ohki agreed.

"What if he where to get hurt, hhmm?" Nodoka asked.

"He can take care of himself. Tenchi took care of him like it was nothing." 
Said Ranma.

"I promised Achika that I would look after her family, I can't let Tenchi get 
hurt!"

"He wasn't hurt!"

"HEY!!" Both Nodoka, and Ranma turned in shock at Tenchi's voice. "We can 
talk about this later, right now. I just want some quiet. After everything 
that happened today, some quiet would do me good."

"Of course, Tenchi. I just don't want to see you hurt."

"I know Aunt Nodoka."

"Hey, where's dad?"

"He's up at the shrine, with your grandfather."

"Think I'll go join them." Ranma ran off then.

"I should probably start on supper." Nodoka walked into the living room, and 
spoke.

"Ukyo, would you help me with supper?"

"Oh, sure mom." Ukyo had already started calling her mom. Nodoka actually 
found she liked it. As the two of them started on supper, Tenchi went out to 
the deck. Now, provided Ryoko didn't show up, he could have some peace and 
quiet. He sat on a chair and relaxed.

"Teeeeennncchhiii." Came a sly voice, as Ryoko appeared in his lap, her arms 
around his neck. "What you doing?"

"I'm trying to relax, Ryoko."

"I have a way for you to relax." She said, grinning. Tenchi shuddered as he 
remembered her previous attempt to get him to "relax."

"I'd really just sit down for awhile." Ryoko pouted and got up. She sat down 
on the deck next to him. 

'Finally.' Tenchi thought. He was just starting to relax, when he heard a 
loud roaring sound.

*************

"Check this out, Grandpa. It's a move I learned from the Amazons in China." 
Ranma stood before his father, both of them in fighting stances. "It's called 
the Chestnut fist." Ranma ran at his father, and suddenly, there where 
hundreds of fists slammed at Genma in a blur.

"Yes, I remember that move. An old friend of mine showed it to me." Said 
Katsuhito. All over Genma got hit 450 times. Ranma had tried the move on his 
grandfather during their duel, but all the hits had been blocked. Ranma was 
not surprised. Genma landed on his butt, as the onslaught of punches ended.

"Hhmm." Katsuhito stared at the scene for a few moments, rubbing his chin. 
"What of that energy attack you used on me?"

"Oh that? That's something I created a few months ago. I'd been working on it 
for along time."

"Interesting." Suddenly there was a loud roar, as something came out of the 
sky.

*************

    All the members of the household stared in awe as a giant space-craft, 
apparently made out of wood, came over the mountains.

"What the...?"

"Good lord!"

"Kami!"

    The huge ship came to a stop over the Masaki home. A beam of energy came 
out of the bottom, widening into a screen. Filling the screen...

"YOU!!??" Ryoko yelled. In the screen was a woman, she had slightly pink 
eyes, and purple hair. She was dressed in a purple kimono, and she could see 
a tiara on her forehead.

"I've finally found you Ryoko!!" She yelled.

"Who....who are you?" Tenchi yelled.

"I'll finally make you pay, you worthless whore!" The screen disappeared, and 
what looked suspiciously like guns, appeared on the outside of the ship. 
Tenchi gulped."

"Oh no." 

*************

"What is that!?" Yelled Ranma.

"I don't know, but it looks like it's going to destroy the house!" Genma 
said, his voice nervous, as he recognized the ship. There was only type of 
people who used a ship made of wood.. He decided it best not to tell Ranma 
yet.

"Both of you, get going!" Said Katsuhito. Both nodded to him, and ran back 
towards the house. As they did so, Katsuhito's face grew even more somber.

"I knew it wouldn't last."

*************

"Tenchi! Run for it!" Ryoko yelled, as laser beams came down on the deck, 
shattering parts of it to pieces. Both of them ran back into the house, where 
Nodoka, Ryo-ohki, and Ukyo where watching the ship from the door.

"Tenchi! What's happening?!"

"I don't know, we have to get out of here!"

"Right." The four of them ran to the front door, and out it, as more and more 
lasers slammed into the ground where they had been. All four where screaming, 
or miyaed, in terror as the huge ship turned to follow them. 

"Enough of this! Ryo-ohki! Transform."

"Miya!" Ryo-ohki leapt into the air, at her mistress request, transforming 
into her starship form. A blast of red light teleported Ryoko aboard. The 
ship suddenly rammed at the bigger one, laser blasts now being returned to 
the large wooden creation. Ranma and Genma ran up to them all. Genma put his 
arms around his wife.

"Are you guys okay?" Ranma asked. Ukyo ran up to him.

"Ranchan! We're all okay, but Ryoko's fighting that thing!" He looked up and 
saw the two ships locked in combat, lasers criss-crossing the sky.

"This is crazy!" Said Tenchi. Another shot hit Ryo-ohki, and with a loud MIYA 
of pain, she went down. Ryoko appeared next to the, now once again, cabbit, 
and cradled it softly. Ukyo ran up to the cabbit to take a look as well. All 
of a sudden, the huge ship moved over them, and in a flash of light, all of 
them disappeared.

*************

"Ouch!" Ranma rubbed his head, and looked around. He saw his father laid next 
to him, still unconscious. How long had he been out. He saw they where lying 
in a wooden circle, itself generating an odd colored field up to the ceiling. 
Ranma touched it, and pulled his fingers back in pain.

"Great, a force-field." He said. He looked around and saw several others, 
with Tenchi, Nodoka, and Ukyo in them. Ryoko and Ryo-ohki weren't here. 
Suddenly a door on the far side opened, and a woman stepped in. It was the 
same woman from that viewscreen.

"Hey lady! What's the deal?!" Said Ranma, as the others came too.

"Silence! I am giving the orders here." She said. "I am Ayeka, Princess of 
the all mighty Jurai Empire. I want to know what you where doing with Ryoko!?"

"What are we doing here!? Why have you attacked us!?" Asked an indignant 
Nodoka.

"You where seen conspiring with the pirate Ryoko. I want to know what she was 
doing there!"

"She lives there." Said Nodoka. "She wasn't doing anything." The princess 
suddenly let loose a haughty laugh.

"Oh, surely you must be kidding, a woman as low as Ryoko never stays in one 
place so long unless she's planning something. No matter, I'll find out what 
she was up to in my own time, and then I will have my revenge on her." Ayeka 
left the room, the door closing, and leaving little light in the room.

"Okay, so what do we do?" Asked Tenchi.

"First we have to find a way out of these forcefields." Said Genma. Just as 
Genma was about to touch the field, the door zoomed open again. Standing 
there was a very young girl, much younger than Ayeka. She had light blue 
hair, that was made up in two long ponytails behind her. She had light pink 
eyes, and freckles.

"Hi." She said.

"Uh, hello miss."

"My name is Sasami, I think I can help you."

*************

"Damn it Ayeka! Let me out of this thing!?" Ryoko was held in the air, in a 
forcefield generated by the two large cylindrical wood logs at her side.

"Hhmm, my my, don't we look humbled?" Said Ayeka from her seat on the bridge. 
She had turned the seat around to watch her life-long nemesis. "Finally, 
after all these years I shall have my revenge on you, monster woman."

"This I between you and me Ayeka! Let them go. They don't have anything to do 
with this!"

"Silence! What where you doing on that planet Ryoko!?"

"I was trapped there! In a cave. I got out a few days ago."

"Very well, that what has happened to my dear Yosho!?"

"Yosho?" Ryoko's face became thoughtful. "Yosho?" That name was awfully 
familiar. Suddenly a memory surfaced. "Oh right! Yosho. I don't know what 
happened to him."

"LIES! You do know, and I'll get it out of you eventually." She yelled, and 
stalked off.

"Nutcase." Ryoko said, from behind her back.

*************

"You can help us?" Tenchi asked the little girl.

"Uh-huh, but you have to do something for me first." Said Sasami.

"What?" Asked Ranma.

"I want you to get my sister's tiara." She said.

"And your sister is...."

"Ayeka." Everyone face-faulted.

"Okay, you'll let us all out, if we get her tiara for you?"

"Yep, but only one at first." Sasami looked around at them as they shared 
looks.

"Okay, I'll go." Said Ranma. 

"But Ranchan..."

"No buts, Ucchan. I gotta do this to get us out of here." Sasami smiled and 
pressed a button on the wood circle that was holding Ranma and his father. A 
door appeared, Ranma stepped out and it zipped close behind him.

"Ayeka should be going to bed right now." Said Sasami. "Her quarters are just 
down the hall."

"One question? Why do you want her tiara?" Asked Ranma.

"Well, I've always wanted to see it, but she never lets me." Ranma 
facefaulted. He got up and stared at the little girl, who was just smiling, 
innocently as ever at him. Ranma sighed, and headed towards Ayeka's bedroom.

*************

    Ranma stood at the door to the sleeping area. He could hear Ayeka inside, 
obviously dressing for bed.

"I've been waiting along time to find that monster woman! She won't escape 
me!" He heard Ayeka say. "Azaka and Kamidake can hold her for the night, I 
can continue tomorrow." Ranma decided to remain quiet, and wait for her to go 
to bed. After waiting for awhile, he heard rustling, and snoring.

"Alright, time to get that tiara." For a second Ranma considered just going 
back and forcing that little girl to release his family, but is was 
dishonorable to threaten a child, he would be nothing more than a bully. 
There was no honor in that. Ranma stepped through the doorway, and tip-toed 
to what looked like a dresser. He very slowly looked through the jewelry 
there, looking for anything resembling a tiara.

'Nothing up here.' He thought. He went over to what looked like a make-up 
stand, and looked through it, still nothing. 'Well, where else could she put 
the damn thing!?' 

A thought struck Ranma then, as he looked over at the sleeping princess, his 
trained eyes making out a tiara on her forehead.

'Just my luck.' He thought. Ranma crept silently over to the bed, and saw the 
peacefully sleeping princess.

'Okay, not a problem, just slip the thing off.' Ranma lowered his hands 
slowly toward her forehead. He gently brushed a strand of hair away, and saw 
the tiara fully. He put his hand against it and tried to pull it free. It 
wouldn't come loose! Ranma gently pulled again, still no leeway. He was 
really getting in over his head here. He reached around the side, and felt 
something, like a clip to the hair. Perhaps that was what was holding it? He 
fiddled with the clip for a few moments, until it finally came loose. 

'YES!' Ranma thought to himself. He took the tiara off, and began to leave. 
As he came to the door he found himself smacking against the air. Ranma 
rubbed his nose, and felt the field that was keeping him from leaving the 
room.

"Oh no you don't." Ranma turned slowly to see a very angry, and very awake, 
Princess Ayeka behind him, many small logs in the air around both her and him.

*************

"It's been too long." Said Tenchi, as he paced in his forcefield.

"Don't worry Tenchi, Ranchan is a very capable fighter, if he gets in 
trouble, he'll be able to handle it." Said Ukyo.

"I do hope so. I only got my son back a few days ago, I'd hate to lose him 
again." Said Nodoka.

"Ranma can handle a snobbish princess, my dear. He has defeated many of the 
greatest warriors in the world on our training journey, this should be 
relatively simple." Genma spoke from his field. He was slightly nervous 
though. He had not expected to see the inside of a Juraian ship again, so 
soon. Especially after.....

"BOOM!" Tenchi sighed, as he heard the sound that was becoming increasingly 
common in his life, an explosion. It was followed by the sounds of shouting, 
both female and male.

"Uh-oh, looks like Ayeka woke up." Said Sasami, who had been having a nice 
conversation with Ukyo about cooking. All of a sudden, Ranma ran by the door, 
dodging energy bolts from Ayeka. As he passed he tossed something into the 
room.

"Oh, it's sister Ayeka's tiara!" Said Sasami. She picked it up, and ran over 
to the various wood circles, shutting them off. "Okay, you're all free!" She 
said happily. All of them stepped out of the circles, happy to be out of the 
force-fields. 

"Come on! We have to help Ranchan!"

*************

"Filthy thief!" Ayeka yelled at the man from behind her forcefield. "How dare 
you steal the key!!"

"Hey lady, there wasn't much choice in it!" He yelled over the din of battle. 
Ranma continued to dodged the mad princesses attacks, wishing she would let 
down that stupid force-field so he could get a blow in. Of course, if it was 
dishonorable to bully a child, it was even more dishonorable to attack a 
woman! Ranma decided to just keep dodging. He turned his head slightly and 
noticed they were on what looked like the ships' bridge. He saw Ryoko being 
held in a force-field, generated by two logs, with odd words on the front, 
"Azaka, and Kamidake?"

"Ranma!" Ryoko shouted. "Get me outta this thing!"

"I'm a little busy right now!" He shouted back.

"Ranma?" came a voice, as the rest of them came into the room.

"Stop it Ayeka! You'll ruin the ship!!" Sasami yelled. Ayeka apparently did 
not recognize the voice.

"Azaka! Kamidake! Get them!" The two logs holding Ryoko suddenly disengaged 
and she fell to the floor. 

"Yes ma'am!" The voice had come from the two logs, and a jewel on each of 
them lit up when they spoke. Both of them flew at Tenchi and the others 
shooting bolts of lightning. Ryoko was there in front of them before the 
bolts came close, her own force-field blocking them. Ryoko generated her 
sword, and went at them.

"Tenchi! You find Ryo-ohki, and get out of here!" She yelled back. Tenchi 
nodded, and led them away from the entrance to the bridge. He eventually 
found the cabbit, kept under a small force-field, generated by a tiny piece 
of wood. He yanked the wood away, and the field disappeared.

"Ryo-ohki, we need you to get us out of here." Ukyo said. The small cabbit 
miyaed, and started to transform in front of them. Tenchi and the others 
backed away as it started to take up more and more room in the bridge. 
Eventually it grew to a big enough size, and teleported Tenchi, Ukyo, Nodoka, 
Sasami, and Genma into it. It miyaed slightly, and then did the same to Ryoko 
and Ranma, who where still in the middle of battling Azaka and Kamidake, and 
Ayeka, respectively. Ryo-ohki smashed through the side of the ship, and took 
of for Earth below.

"After them!" Ayeka yelled.

*************

    Ryo-ohki appeared over the Masaki house, and dropped everyone but Ryoko 
off. Suddenly, Ryo-ohki took off for the space again.

"Ryoko, where are you going!?" Tenchi yelled. He suddenly heard a voice in 
his head. He turned around to look at the family. Did all you guys hear that?"

"Yep." Said Ranma. "She's not going to let that princess get away with this."

*************

"Alright Ayeka." Ryoko said from her seat on the Ryo-ohki's bridge. "Nobody 
endangers my Tenchi and gets away with it."

"MIYA!" The ship said in response. Ryoko looked at the oncoming Juraian ship.

"Move us to ramming speed!"

*************

"Ryo-ohki has moved to ramming speed, Princess Ayeka." Said the log called 
Azaka.

"Then do the same! I finally have you exactly where I want you, Ryoko!" Ayeka 
began to laugh hysterically as the two ships prepared to ram each other.

*************

    There was a flash of light in the sky, as the two ships collided. Tenchi 
and the others shielded their eyes, as both ships began to plummet to Earth. 
With a horrible sound of whooshing wind, and a huge splash, both came down in 
the lake. Ayeka's ship looked to be on fire. Both soon disappeared under the 
waves.

"Oh no, Ryoko!" Said Tenchi, but after he said it, the pirate appeared out of 
thin air in front of them, holding a dripping wet Ayeka. Azaka and Kamidake 
where behind them.

"Ryoko! You're alright?" Nodoka asked.

"Sure I am, I even took the time to save the princess here." Ayeka turned up 
her nose, and looked away.

"What about Ryo-ohki?" Ukyo asked. Ryoko dropped the princess to the ground, 
and flew out over the lake. She floated over the area where the ships 
crashed. Ayeka had turned to the lake, and was muttering.

"My poor Ryu-oh." She said. Ryoko stuck her hands out over the spot, and a 
ball of red light floated out of the lake. She flew back over, and they could 
see a black egg in her hands.

"Now we just wait."

*************

All of them sat around the table, enjoying supper. Ayeka, and Sasami sat on 
the end.

"I'm still upset that you stowed away on Ryu-oh, Sasami. You didn't have a 
cryogenics tube for the sleep, you could have been killed." Said Ayeka, her 
tiara back in place.

"But I didn't Ayeka." Said Sasami, rolling her eyes.

"Well, we have plenty of room here." Said Nobuyuki.

"We are thankful for your hospitality, sir." Said Azaka, from behind the 
princess. While he said they where welcome, Nobuyuki was right now 
considering adding on to the house. He wondered just how many more 
house-guests they were going to get? 

"Yeah you're real welcome." Said Ryoko, from her place beside Tenchi. Ayeka, 
started staring laser beams at the pirate, who returned the gaze. Ranma 
sighed as he saw the scene. He gave a look to Tenchi that clearly said 
"Please break it up?"

"That's enough. No fighting at the dinner table." Both combatants reluctantly 
agreed. Tenchi sat down, and resumed eating. For a second, Tenchi worried 
about the structural integrity of his home, and what it was going to go 
through with these two living here.

TO BE CONTINUED

NEXT CHAPTER: THE ETERNAL LOST BOY! 