----------------------------------------------------------------
I don't own any of the characters in this fic.  Tenchi is owned by Pioneer
and
Dr. Who is owned by the BBC (If anybody knows if these companys actually
don't
have the total rights to these characters please tell me so I can correct
this).  I'm not doing this for money or for any other reason other than
really
to have some fun with this little fic.  Feel free to distribute it, just
don't
charge any money for it.

A word of warning this is my first fic.

----------------------------------------------------------------

Washuu, Who?
Chapter 1: Washuu wants to kill who?
by the Silver Chocobo
a tenchi muyo/dr who crossover.

        The Doctor twisted a dial on the controls of the Tardis, a small
change in
the noise coming from all around signalled that the course had been changed.
He stood back and marveled at his own ingenuity for a moment before glancing
over at his small robotic companion.

        "So tell me K-9, can you guess where we're going next?"

        "Insufficient data to make approximation.  Master."  The Doctor's
grin faded
for a moment but then was back in full force as he turned back to the
controls, making more adjustments for no reason other than to have something
to do.

        "We're going to Earth, China, around about 2057 to be exact.
There's someone
I want to check up on."  He pressed a button and the Tardis's gauges began
to
slow as they neared the correct coordinates in space time.  "I haven't seen
him in 600 years and I think its about time I dropped in, don't you think so
K-9?"

        "Affirmative.  Master."

        The Doctor turned away from the console and went to get his hat,
coat, and
scarf off of the coat rack conveniently placed only a few steps away from
him.  While he was reaching for his scarf when suddenly he was thrown off
his
feet as the Tardis shook violently.

        "Any ideas what might be causing this K-9?"  He began working to
attempt to
stabilize the Tardis.  He checked every subsystem he could think of, but
none
of them showed any problems.  He turned his attention to K-9 who was now
extending his sensor dish in an attempt to diagnose the problem.

        "No fault with normal Tardis hardware found, Master.  However,
calculations
incorrect for space/time coordinates you specified.  Actual destination
coordinates are 59467x801068x82109x50087251."

        "59467x801068x82109x50097251?"  The Doctor's face went through a
variety of
expressions in a matter of seconds.  "There shouldn't be any problems caused
by materializing there."  His attention was suddenly drawn to a small device
on the console which was sending off sparks.  "K-9, I thought you said that
it
wasn't a problem with the ships hardware?"

        "This component is not part of normal Tardis specifications.  It
appears to
be a makeshift materialization inhibitor."

        "A materialization inhibitor?  Ah yes I installed it years ago...
Now I
wonder why I would do a thing like that?"  He paused for a moment in
contemplation when his thinking was interuppted by another sudden shaking.
The doctor pulled himself up to the console again, he reached towards the
small device hooked into the console.

        "Recommend removal of materialization inhibitor circuit.  Master."
The
Doctor turned his attention from his project briefly to glare at K-9, but
then
he was distracted from this by another violent shaking.  He reached up and
pulled the circuit out of the console, wires snapping as he ripped it free.
The shaking quickly stopped.  Leaving the Tardis running smoothly, but
leaving
every thing inside that wasn't tied down in a mess.

        "Well, I guess we're stopping here so we can clean everything up."
Said the
Doctor still collapsed against the console with the materialization
inhibitor
circuit in hand.

        "Affirmative, Master."  Responded K-9 weakly, his head against the
floor and
his wheels in the air.

***     ***     ***

        Washuu sat on her floating red cushion staring out over the part of
her lab
visible from the terrace next to the subspace door leading into the Masaki
house.  She noticed some motion on the screen in front of her, but she was
rewarded not with any new piece of information, but only with the crab in
her
screen-saver scuttling by for the three-thousand seven-hundred and
fifty-third
time.  She sighed and began to wonder why nothing exciting ever happened
anymore.  She turned briefly towards the door, reaching out with her
motherly
sixth sense.  If she could lure Ryoko into the lab that would be good for
some
laughs.

        She waited fifteen minutes staring at the door trying to get any
response
from the outside.  Then frustrated she turned back to her holo-terminal.  A
small blue indicator was now blinking in the right corner of its screen.

        "Now what's this?  A minor flux in space/time near the shrine?  All
right!
Finally something to do!"  She began typing rapidly, bringing the whole of
her
sensor capability onto the small area of the disturbance.

        "This is odd, its not a typical hyper drive.  The source of the worm
hole
isn't
just from a distant point in space, but also from a different point in time.
The amount of power required to do that would be incredible!"

        She paused for a moment, and then brought up another program.  It
sorted
through every possible ship that might even have the slightest chance of
producing a worm hole such as this one.  Within three milliseconds it had
reached its conclusion.

        Washuu read the results silently.  her mind not being able to accept
what she
saw.  "Ship is a Gallifreyan TARDIS, Type 30"  Her mind raced, remembering
the
last time she had seen a ship like this.

        "It couldn't be...  after all, what self respecting Timelord would
still be
using a outdated ship like that.  It must be a mistake in the program."  She
whispered to herself, trying to deny what the computer was reporting.

        Then on the screen appeared the stone platform of the shrine.  Out
of nowhere
a bright white light began flashing, a pale blue image slowly phasing in to
exsistance below it.  Within ten seconds the light had stopped.  Leaving a
tall blue box that hardly looked large enough for even one person to stand
inside.

        More information began to flash up on her screen.  The data flowing
in from
databanks all over the universe as every system with any information on this
particular TARDIS was downloaded in a matter of seconds.

        "Gallifreyan TARDIS Type 30, Serial Number GT30281251.  Reported
stolen from
Gallifreyan Museum of Time.  Suspected to be in the possession of the
renegade
timelord known only as the Doctor..."

        She stopped reading the information on the screen aloud as the
meaning of the
words sunk in.  Memories she had tried to forget flashed back before her
eyes
as her mouth curled into a murderous grin.  She closed her eyes and swore
under her breath.

        "That...  I can't believe that....  I'll get back at him."  She
jumped off of
her cushion, her body passing through the holo-terminal which abruptly
evaporated.  A large mennacing silver gun appeared in her hands, a low hum
coming from it as the lights on the side of it slowly changed from a dull
red,
to a bright green.

        "I'll KILL THAT OLD BASTARD!"

***     ***     ***

        Tenchi sat on the couch in a futile attempt to watch TV.  On his
right side
was Aeka, and on his left side was Ryoko.  At the moment they seemed to be
in
some sort of contest to see which one of them could sit the closest to him
without drawing the attention of the other.  He had ignored their actions as
best he could.  At the moment at least things were relatively peaceful.  No
one had appeared to abduct any of the girls for at least 2 months, and in
that
time he had managed to avoid nearly every one of the almost routine fights
between Ryoko and Aeka.  He knew though that his peaceful exsistance would
cease in a few minutes.  Ryoko would quickly tire of this game that she and
Aeka seemed to be playing and she would wrap her arms around him, like she
was
now.  Then Aeka would stand up, just like she was now.  She would let her
anger boil for a minute and then she would scold Ryoko for making unwanted
advances on her Tenchi-Sama.

        Tenchi sighed and turned his attention away from the girl who he
knew would
explode with righteous anger any second now, and attempted to watch just a
little more of the TV show he had been watching before this whole mess had
started.

        It was a rather odd show.  The heroine ( a bat wielding girl in a
leather
jacket) was attempting to save the world from armor plated robot aliens of
some sort.  Truthfully they looked more like trashcans than alien monsters
bent on taking over the world, but he had seen stranger things (like alien
robots who look like logs).  It was quite comical as the odd things rolled
down the hallway chasing after the girl with the bat screaming
"EXTERMINATE!"
in a strange scratchy high pitched voice.  Suddenly she pulled out a
bazooka,
which she fired at the alien, blowing it to bits.  Sending pieces of
trashcan
and green Jello all over the the floor of the building they were in.

        Tenchi sighed to himself as he noticed Aeka's face was turning an
odd shade
of purple as she attempted to accumulate enough energy in her scolding to
destroy her foe.  She never got the chance to use it though.

        The door to Washuu's lab opened and she walked out with a large
silver object.
It hummed menacingly, the cold green lights shining from the side of it were
unnervingly bright.  It was almost instantly apparent to all that this was
some new weapon she had cooked up.

        "Um...  Washuu, what are you going to do with that...uh..."  He
asked
nervously.  Knowing that there was no response from Washuu that he really
wanted to hear.

        "Oh, you mean this little thing?"  She turned pointing the barrel of
the gun
right at Tenchi for a moment before lowering it and posing with the gun, a
large smile plastered across her face.

        "This is my number one greatest invention in the last five minutes!
The
Dirty Old Man Annihilator Ray Mark Seven!"  She opened her eyes to be
greeted
with only the feet of the people who were sitting there moments before.
"And
I know just the guinea pig to try it out on."  Knowing that no one in the
room
would be capable of any intelligent thought for at least the next five
minutes
she turned and walked calmly out the door.

        The room was unnervingly calm for the next several minutes as Washuu
skipped
down the path with the DOMARM7.

        Tenchi was the first to recover from the Washuu induced stupor.  His
mind
worked briefly on what she had just said, his mind eventually reached the
only
possible conclusion.

        "Wait Washuu!  Don't kill Grandpa!"  He ran out the door down the
path after
the petite scientist.

        Ryoko stayed on the floor a for a minute.  Her arms were still
closed in the
circle, but now they were only wrapped around air.  She wondered for a
minute
how Tenchi could've possibly escaped.  Then giving up trying to explain it
to
herself, she teleported out of the room, leaving Aeka alone to scream at the
couch when she came to.

***     ***     ***

        The Doctor lifted himself off of the console.  He walked over to
where K-9
was and tipped over and turned him back onto his wheels.  Then he turned his
attention to the small monitor in the far wall of the TARDIS.  On the screen
appeared a grey platform made of stone.  On it sat two small oriental
buildings, and in the background great blue mountains could be seen in the
distance.

        "Now lets see, the coordinates were 59467x801068x82109x5009721.
That puts us
in..."

        "Earth, Japan, 2001.  Master."  Chirped the small robotic dog before
he could
finish.  The Doctor glared at K-9 for a moment.  He never could figure out
how
a little metal dog with practically no moving parts could appear to be so
smug
at having beaten him to the answer again.

        "As I was about to say before I was interrupted.  We're on Earth in
Japan at
the dawn of the age of the colonization of space."

        "First permanent human space colony not established for another 25
years.
Master."  The Doctor ignored the dog this time, turning his attention to the
small piece of metal in his hand.

        "Now why do you suppose I installed a materialization inhibitor on
the
Tardis?"  He asked not expecting a response.  He turned it over in his
hands,
noticing some letters on one side.

        "XWAM-MISS...  xwam miss?  Now what do you suppose that means?"

        "Unknown acronym. Master."

        "Shall we go out and have a look around K-9?"

        "Affirmative.  Master."  Called the little robot as he scooted out
the door
ahead of the Doctor.  The Doctor followed after him, stepping out into the
cool spring air.

        To his right were the two oriental buildings he had seen on the
monitor.
On his left was a path of stone steps leading down away from the buildings.
He was having the strongest sense of deja-vu about this place.  He just
couldn't place it for some reason.

        "Can you find any people with your sensors K-9?"  He asked his
companion.
The small metal dogs ears began moving from side to side.

        "Affirmative. Master.  Seven humanoid life-forms detected.  More
information
unavailable due to large amounts of energy, and large number of
inconsistencies
in space/time in this area."  The Doctor looked puzzled for a moment at this
statement.

        "Thats impossible!  Earth doesn't develop the technology necessary
to create
inconsistencies in space/time for at least another fifteen years!"

        K-9 suddenly turned from his position standing perpendicular to the
buildings, towards the path leading to the platform.  His eyes began to glow
red and his nose laser extended.

        "Warning!  Humanoid approaching.  Large amounts of energy detected.
Energy consistent with power supplies used in high caliber laser canon."

        "What?  A high caliber laser weapon on Earth now?"

***     ***     ***

        Washuu was now practically running up the steps to the shrine.  Her
red hair
shaking from side to side as she dashed up the steps as fast as she could
run.
Anyone seeing her would have found it very strange for a little girl her age
to be able to run so fast carrying such a large object.  Without warning
Ryoko
appeared in the air directly ahead of her, blocking her path to the shrine.
Washuu was forced to stop in her tracks.

        "Why did you interrupt me and Tenchi!  Killing Yosho isn't that
important you
know!"  Ryoko yelled down at her, red energy gathering in her hand as she
prepared to draw her sword.

        "Besides I still need him to cancel Tenchi's engagement to Aeka and
Mihoshi!"
Her sword appearing in her hand its blade pointed right at Washuu.

        "What on earth gave you the idea I'm going to kill Yosho?"  Washuu
asked
calmly.  She was somewhat amused by her daughters actions.

        "Who else would you use as a guinea pig for your old pervert blaster
or
whatever the hell its called?"  Washuu stared at Ryoko for a minute and then
dissapeared, reappearing right behind Ryoko, continuing on her way up the
steps.  Ryoko stood there for a moment, confused.  Then she noticed Tenchi
running up the steps.  She teleported down to him.

        "Come on Tenchi!  I'll get us up there in no time!"  She grabbed his
hand and
they both disappeared."

***     ***     ***

        "Now K-9 we don't want to be rude do we?  Not every person carrying
around a
high caliber laser cannon is a dangerous psychopath bent on destroying me!"
The little robotic dog retracted his laser.

        "Apologies.  Master."  Said K-9, his eyes red glow dimming.  Just
then Washuu
appeared at the top of the steps.

        "THERE YOU ARE!  DON'T MOVE!"  She pulled the DOMARM7 up to her eyes
lining
the sights up perfectly on the mans head.  She began to pull the trigger,
preparing to rejoice after this man was little more than atoms.

        Just as she pulled the trigger Ryoko and Tenchi appeared right next
to it.
Tenchi lost his balance and stumbled into the barrel of the gun, knocking
the
blast off target.  Sending the brilliant beam of death harmlessly into the
side of a nearby mountain.

        "Wait a minute, why did I try that from this far away?  I need to be
closer!"
She pushed Ryoko out of the way and jumped over Tenchi, who was now stunned
on
the ground and ran towards the oddly dressed man, who now seemed to be
discussing something over with the small metal box next to him.  When she
was
within five feet of him she stopped leveling the gun at him.  The lights on
the side glowing a faint orange as the gun recharged.

        "Excuse me miss, why are you pointing that rather nasty looking
laser cannon
at me?"  Washuu was annoyed by the overly cheerful tone with which he
regarded
his impending doom.  She sighed, willing herself into her adult body.  The
lights on the side now a dull yellow.

        "K-9, I've just realized what XWAM-MISS stands for..."

        "WHAT HAVE YOU DONE WITH  MY SON!"  Screamed Washuu at the top of
her lungs.

        "It stands for eX-Wife Avoidance Mechanism-Materialization Inhibitor
Safety
System."  He whispered to himself.  The lights had changed to green,
Washuu's
finger moving back to the trigger.

        "Hello Washuu.  Would you like a jelly baby?"  He said, reaching
into his
coat and producing the small white bag of candy.

        Washuu, totally unprepared for being offered a small piece of candy
by her
husband, perhaps her most hated enemy, took the only rational course of
action...  She fainted.

        "I'll take that as a no."

--------------------------------------------------------

If you liked this fic, then I have to question your sanity.  How this
crossover makes any sense is beyond me.  The idea came to me while chatting
with the Beige Chocobo while watching Dr Who on Iowa Public Television late
one Friday night.  When my disseased mind made some strange leap of
reasoning
and came up with this insane idea  (don't worry, I'm taking medication now).
At the moment I'm not sure where this should go, which is why I cut it off
when I did.  It just seemed the best place to stop, since here there really
isn't anything introduced that I have to explain, well actually there is, so
I
probably will end up writing more of this.

If you didn't like this however know that the Beige Chocobo is completely to
blame for prodding me to write this.  So if you want someone to  track down
and inflict horrible bodily harm to after reading this fic, please go after
him.

I'm thinking of getting some webspace to host this fic on.  If Beige and I
get
working on the RK-Ranma crossover collaboration then its likely to be posted
on that site.  When its up I'll add the URL to this and repost it.  If you
think this fic is wierd you should see our ICQ logs (Ranma is Kenshin,
Kenshin
is Kenshin, Kenshin is Ranma, Ranma is Ranma, Ranma is Tomoe it gets
confusing
fast).

In case anyone is in doubt, the Doctor here is #4 Tom Baker, and K-9 is the
coolest of the Doctors companions (being a robotic scottish terrier).

send C&C to silverchocobo@usa.net.  Send flames to /dev/null.
