Amethyst Key part 1
By Jaimmie (jaimmie@unixg.ubc.ca)

Warning: If you are offended by homosexual pairings or beastiality 
(???) please do not read. You have been warned
-------------------------------------------------------------------

TENCHI 

What was I doing? Augh! As usual my curiosity led me to this...now 
what am I going to do? This amethyst coloured door...should I open 
it? What if I release a demon or something? Oh why me? Why do I 
have to get myself into these things? This day started out normally 
enough... 

*** 

It was another beautiful day at the temple grounds, as usual, 
Grandfather wanted me to do my chores...of course I went off 
exploring in this cave I just discovered several days ago. 

Ryoko came with me...never can go anywhere without her. She's 
so...sweet? No, wait, that's not it...um...annoying? That's not it 
either. Oh well, at least she's not like Ayeka - not that Ayeka's 
bad or anything, she's really nice. Oh, I'm getting off track...the 
thing is Ryoko will never leave me alone! She even follows me into 
the bathroom! 

Well, I went into the cave with Ryoko calling after me in her usual 
begging/pleading tone, "Tenchi, be careful! I don't want you to get 
hurt! You know I worry about you." 

I squeezed myself through a narrow opening...and inside was the 
most incredible place! It sparkled in all the colours of the 
rainbow as light was reflected by the thousands of faces of quartz 
crystals! The light itself...it didn't seem to be coming from 
anywhere, but it was there. 

"Oh..." I murmured. Ryoko was hovering around near me, looking 
around in wonder at the beauty of this place like I was. 
"Tenchi, what do you think this place is?" She asked me.
"I don't know, but it's beautiful, that's for sure." My obvious 
reply came. 

Ryoko went off on her own for a little while, to explore. That gave 
me some time to myself to poke my nose into things. I still 
couldn't get over the beauty of this place. 

I stumbled over an unusual looking rock...stubbed my toe too...
The rock...cracked open. It was beautiful...but I was afraid at the 
same time...what had I done...again??? 

Ryoko came over.

"Oh Tenchi, you've hurt yourself..."

"It doesn't matter Ryoko! Look at this key!" I exclaimed. The key 
was beautiful...golden with a huge amethyst right underneath an 
ornamented key hole. There was an elaborate tassel the same colour 
as the amethyst tied to the key.
"Hmm..." Ryoko murmured, "Look at this scroll Tenchi."

"What is it?" I asked. The scroll didn't look very old at all, but 
I couldn't imagine how something that new could have gotten into 
this cavern. There was a script on it that I couldn't read.

"It's written in Jurai script." Ryoko told me as if reading my 
mind.

"Jurai???" I asked dumfounded.

"Yes...hmm...let's see if I can translate it..." Ryoko studied the 
scroll, "Yes, I think I've got it." 

--- 

RYOKO 

"Hmm...this scroll seems to be saying that this thing is called 
'the amethyst key' and that it's owner is the master of wonders 
never before dreamed." I gasped, "Oh Tenchi! You've found some sort 
of treasure!" 

There seems to be some sort of map. Maybe...yes! I'll call Rhyo-
oki! Maybe Tenchi and I can have a wonderful adventure together! 

"Tenchi...there's a map! I'll call Rhyo-oki!" I exclaimed.

"Wait a minute...how do we even know that this thing is telling the 
truth?"

"Oh, don't be silly! It has to be real! Why would anyone make 
something so beautiful if it were just a joke?" I told him.

"Oh...ok..." Tenchi said, "but...don't you think we should tell 
someone before we go?"

"Of course not! I'm not going to let them spoil our fun!" 

I dragged Tenchi out of the cave and called Rhyo-oki.

"Come Rhyo-oki! We're going into space!" 

"Mreow! Mreow!" 

Within a few minutes, Tenchi and I were on board. 

--- 

TENCHI 

Why did I let Ryoko talk me into this...if we get into trouble, no 
one will know that we even left Earth! Why do I do this to myself? 
Now I'm going to be worried until we get back on the ground... 

The trip itself only took a couple of hours. Ryoko kept on going on 
about this being a great adventure...right. 

When we arrived at this place Ryoko said was on the map, we 
received a transmission: "Please state your business." 

"Um...well, you see this key..." I started to babble... 

"Key? Please come down, we were not expecting anyone to come since 
this place has not been visited in a while, but fret not, all 
amenities have been well maintained over the years." The voice 
said. 

At that moment, Ryoko grabbed my arm and brought us to the building 
(?) below. 

*** 

This place is beautiful! There were giant double doors encrusted 
with gold and amethyst that opened before us. 

We walked in. 

--- 

RYOKO 

Wow! What a beautiful place! Tenchi and I walked in as soon as the 
doors opened, and there was a servant immediatelt waiting for us. 

"Ah...master?" He asked.

"This is Tenchi and I'm Ryoko." I said.

"Ah, yes, Ms Ryoko...who owns the key?" He questioned us.

"Um...you mean this key?" Tenchi showed the golden key with the 
jewel in it to the servant. "Ah yes! Please, Master Tenchi, this 
way please." The servant told Tenchi.

"But, what about Ryoko?" Tenchi asked? 

Ohh...how sweet of him to be concerned about me!

"She will be taken to another room, but do not fret, she will be 
well cared for during your entire stay at The Place." Tenchi walked 
off with him.

"Wait! You mean I can't be with Tenchi?!?" I wailed.

"I'm afraid not Ms Ryoko, unless Master Tenchi wishes it." Another 
servant had come up to my side, "Please come this way Ms Ryoko." He 
motioned for me to follow...so I did...for now, but I made sure to 
keep track of Tenchi...I can you know...after all I worry about 
him. 

--- 

TENCHI 

Well, the servant led me down a long corridor that looked like 
something out of a fairy tale...there were beautiful cream-white 
walls and high arches decorated with gold accents. The floor was a 
dark polished wood. 

"Here, Master Tenchi." The servant showed me to this opaque-
crystal-like amethyst coloured door. He left me alone. 

Well, I guess this key I have must open the lock on this door... 


Amethyst Ket part 2

TENCHI 

"Merow...merow..."

"Oh! Rhyo-oki! You followed me!"

I scoop up the cute little critter. 

No putting it off any longer Tenchi. You can do it! Just turn the 
key in the lock. 

Oh my god! What is this place? It's huge! There's so many pillows 
and blankets on the floor and very fancy brass table in the middle 
of the room. Wow! Even the pillows and blankets look expensive. 

As I walked in, I notice another door in the room...I guess that 
leads into the bathroom. Kinda hard to notice that door, must be 
all these pillows and stuff. I walk to the middle of the room where 
the table is to look at the table. Hmm...I could swear this looks 
like it came from Earth, but it can't be! I'm in the middle of 
space! 

"...GAH!!!!!!"

THERE'S ANOTHER PERSON IN MY ROOM!!! 

--- 

RYOKO 

This is a nice room I've been led to. Looks like one of those Earth 
type hotel rooms. There's a nice large bed and a pretty bathroom 
with a sunken tub. But, where's Tenchi? Is he all right? 

Oh, what harm is there in following him anyways? I always follow 
him. Well, lets see....where's Tenchi? I try to sense his presence. 
Ah! There he is! 

I phase out and follow Tenchi. He's just opened the door to his 
room. Oh! And Rhyo-oki's with him. Wow! His room looks very big! I 
phase out again and hide in a big pile of pillows in his room. I 
wonder why there's no bed in his room? 

Suddenly I hear a cry.. Oh no! Tenchi! What's happened?!? 

I see another boy standing in front of Tenchi. Oh thank goodness! 
Tenchi isn't in any danger, he must have just been surprised by 
that boy. 

My...that boy looks fine! Beautiful shoulder-length hair with dark-
toned skin...hmm...a boy that yummy could almost make me forget my 
Tenchi! He's well built too! Ooh!!! I think I feel faint. 

--- 

TENCHI 

"Um...hello. I didn't know anyone else was in here, I guess they 
must have given me an occupied room by accident."

Okay...the boy looked amused enough...strange, I guess he thinks 
it's funny that these people here made a mistake too...

"No, no, master. You have the right room. I am Seth, your sex 
slave."

"A...a...SEX SLAVE?!?" 

I was having a heart attack. What kind of place is this? Why did 
those people give me a sex slave? Gah!!! Why do these things have 
to happen to me? Oh god, why me? He's laughing at me. I can't 
handle this! I'm gonna faint! I'm gonna faint! 

Suddenly the world turned black. 

--- 

RYOKO 

Tenchi's sex slave? No! I think I'm going to faint! Not my 
Tenchi...Tenchi isn't...oh no!!! Please say no! Tenchi can't 
be...can he? No! This is a nightmare! MY TENCHI CAN'T BE GAY... But 
he's never paid attention to me...or Ayeka - that stuck-up 
cow...could it be because Tenchi doesn't like girls? 

Hmm...what's that 'thud' I hear? *gasp* Tenchi's fainted! 

--- 

SETH 

Well, it seems this new master of mine seems wonderfully shocked. 
I'd better carry him onto one of the more comfortable blankets and 
wait till he comes to. This guy certainly is young. Ha, I bet he's 
still a virgin. He looks so blissfully ignorant. It can't hurt to 
play a joke on him now is there? I remove my new master's clothes. 
I suppose these need to be washed. I'll send them out in a little 
while. 

"Mreow...mreow..." 

What? Oh, it's my master's little pet. Strange creature, but cute 
anyways. I pick animal up and place him on the blanket beside my 
new master. 

--- 

RYOKO 

Tenchi! Oh...Tenchi...he's fainted! He must have been too excited 
to find out that this...this...Seth is his new sex slave! 

What? That Seth has taken Tenchi's clothes off! What is he doing to 
my Tenchi? Oh poor Tenchi! Should I go out there and scream at that 
boy? No. I can't risk the chance of Tenchi finding out that I've 
discovered his secret! I can't handle this anymore! I...I...have to 
go back to my room. 

--- 

TENCHI 

oh...oh...that feels...ooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh............. 

I wake up. OH MY GOD!!! RHYO-OKI IS NIBBLING ON MY...MY...DING 
DONG!!!
"Rhyo-oki! Stop it! Stop it! That's not a carrot!!!" I scream to no 
avail. 

I can't take much more of this! 

"AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!" I feel hot liquid fall on my thighs. 

"Rhyo-oki! Bad Rhyo-oki! Don't do that ever again! Do you hear me?" 
What am I doing? I'm talking to a pet! Wait...what is Rhyo-oki 
doing now?

OH MY GOD! HE'S LICKING IT! I'm going to faint again! Rhyo-oki 
grimaced. Oh thank god he's stopped that. That stuff must taste 
awful. 

I hear someone laughing. Who is that! Wait...I remember now. I 
groan. It's Seth, he's laughing at me. 

"Hmm...many people would love to have a pet like that master."

"What? What do you mean?" I reply. Then I realize I'm naked!
Aarrrgggghhhh!!! I grab the nearest blanket and wrap it around 
myself. Seth laughs at me again.

"How many pets could suck their owner like that?" He chuckled.

"It's not like that! Rhyo-oki usually eats carrots." I tried to 
explain. But he just laughed at me again. 

"Well, master, what do you want of me?" He says.

"What do you mean??? I don't even understand what's going on! And 
please don't call me master. I'm Tenchi." I exclaim.

"Tenchi." He says as if trying out the sound of my name. "Sounds 
like a Jurai name to me."

"I...I am Jurai." I sputter.

"Ah! You're a prince then!" He says excitedly. 

For the next few minuets, Seth explained to me that he was MY sex 
slave and that this place is just one of many that exist throughout 
the galaxy, created by 'the management' headed by some entity 
called 'The Werefox'. The key I found makes me the master of this 
place! This is sick! What sick mind would come up with such a 
concept? 

When he's finished explaining things to me I try to start to 
explain things.

"Um...Seth...I don't really need a sex slave." He looked hurt. Me 
and my big mouth. I don't think I should have said that.

"I suppose your pet is enough for you, master." He tells me with a 
hint of amusement.

"No!" I almost scream.

"Ah! Then you do need me."

"No, that's not what I meant!" I try to explain thing again, but he 
suddenly pushes me to the floor and...OH MY GOD!!! HE'S KISSING 
ME!!!


Amethyst Key part 3

SETH

This is too funny; this Tenchi character is much too in shock, now 
he's wriggling under me. "GET OFF ME!!!" He screams as he pushes me 
off. Hmm...he seems stronger than he looks, but I should have 
known. He's from the Jurai royal family. I laugh at him. 

"Don't ever do that again!!!" His face is red as he sputters. I 
just laugh at him again. He seems like such an innocent. Ah well, 
more fun that way I suppose...gives me a chance to 'corrupt' him. 

"Um...what are you grinning at?" He asks me tentatively.

"Nothing, just that fact that you seem to be in such shock that you 
actually ENJOYED that kiss." I tease him. What's the harm anyways? 
It's fun. 

"ENJOYED??? What are you talking about??? You pushed me to the 
floor!!!" Tenchi's face is really red now, so are his ears...ha ha 
ha...I'm laughing hysterically now.

"It is not funny!!!" He continues on... 

"Listen. I'm your sex slave, so you might as well use me, and I am 
very useful. I can do many, many things, most you probably don't 
even know about yet. I'd be too happy to teach you of course. Oh, 
and I should mention that I belly dance too." 

*thump* Oh great, he fainted again. What should I do now? This is 
fainting thing is getting annoying. Hmm...I suppose I can start a 
bath for him. He must want to do that at least after such a long 
journey to this palace. 

--- 

TENCHI 

Mmmmm...this feels nice...

I wake up in shock again. But this time, it's not unpleasant. 
Hmm...this is a nice bath! hee hee hee...and bubbles! I love bubble 
baths! Maybe I should just ignore everything and just lie here. 
It's so nice and warm. 

Wait a sec...SETH'S IN THE BATH WITH ME!!!

I quickly get up, only to find out I'm still completely naked! Gah!
Seth's laughing at me again and I quickly get back in, to cover 
myself with the bubbles. 

"What's the matter Tenchi? I thought you'd like a nice, warm, 
bubble bath after fainting so many times today."

"But...but...you're in the bath with me!!!" I exclaim.

"What's the matter with that? It's big enough for both of us, you 
could even fit in another few people! Don't you want me in here? 
*sigh* I guess you royal types don't like sharing huh?" 

"I share, but not baths!" I scream. 

--- 

SETH 

I think I'm really going to like this new master of mine. He's 
simply adorable. Now I'm positive that he's never gotten laid 
before in his life. I swim towards him and wrap my legs around him.
He's turning bright red again.

"Does master want to play?" I ask him.

"NO!!!" He screams as he tries to get away, but years of belly 
dancing have made my legs pretty strong and I don't let him move an 
inch.
I laugh at him for the Nth time today.

"I think it's time that we got somewhere don't you think Tenchi?" 

I take his cock in my hand and start to massage it. 

His shaft is growing hard and red, but his face is even redder. 

---- 

TENCHI 

Oh my god! I can't believe this is happening! I can't believe this 
is happening!

Ohhhhhhhh............................god!!!!! That feels so 
good..........gack!!! Why me? Why am I feeling like this? He's 
another guy for crying out loud!!! Damn!!! I'm starting to 
hyperventilate!
"AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!" 

--- 

SETH 

MMMMmmmmmm.........................

I feel his hot liquid on my hand. 

I turn him around and place my mouth on his lips. He's not fighting 
me anymore. That's good. We play in the water for a while until he 
notices the bath beads on the shelf above the bath. He grabs a 
handful and throws them at he, giggling. I grab him, squirting the 
oil inside several beads onto his shaft.

"What are you doing?" He asks me, looking genuinely curious.
"Lubrication" I answer. He still looks confused. I'm not surprised.
"Do you want me to show you first?" I ask him. He nods vigorously.
I take several more beads from the shelf, bursting them and rubbing 
my shaft with the oil. I'm hard now, I doing all I can to not come 
before I'm in him. It's hard. He's so cute and innocent. Sweet too. 

"Turn around" I tell him. And he does - slowly.

"That's good..."

I part his buttocks slowly, but he tenses, probably realising what 
I'm going to do.

"Just relax. It'll go in better if you're not so tense." Heh...I 
guess I shouldn't have expected him to relax a heck of a lot. I 
suppose I need to losen him up first. I explore his virgin orifice 
with a finger, before entering him. Nice and tight. I put one arm 
around him, and begin to pump his penis with the other hand, in 
unison with my thrusts. 

I'm breathing hard now, gritting my teeth...

I feel that familiar rhythm building in my loins...

Suddenly, white lighting sears my mind. 

That was nice. 


To be continued...
Amethyst Key part 1
By Jaimmie (jaimmie@unixg.ubc.ca)

Warning: If you are offended by homosexual pairings or beastiality 
(???) please do not read. You have been warned
-------------------------------------------------------------------
----

TENCHI 

What was I doing? Augh! As usual my curiosity led me to this...now 
what am I going to do? This amethyst coloured door...should I open 
it? What if I release a demon or something? Oh why me? Why do I 
have to get myself into these things? This day started out normally 
enough... 

*** 

It was another beautiful day at the temple grounds, as usual, 
Grandfather wanted me to do my chores...of course I went off 
exploring in this cave I just discovered several days ago. 

Ryoko came with me...never can go anywhere without her. She's 
so...sweet? No, wait, that's not it...um...annoying? That's not it 
either. Oh well, at least she's not like Ayeka - not that Ayeka's 
bad or anything, she's really nice. Oh, I'm getting off track...the 
thing is Ryoko will never leave me alone! She even follows me into 
the bathroom! 

Well, I went into the cave with Ryoko calling after me in her usual 
begging/pleading tone, "Tenchi, be careful! I don't want you to get 
hurt! You know I worry about you." 

I squeezed myself through a narrow opening...and inside was the 
most incredible place! It sparkled in all the colours of the 
rainbow as light was reflected by the thousands of faces of quartz 
crystals! The light itself...it didn't seem to be coming from 
anywhere, but it was there. 

"Oh..." I murmured. Ryoko was hovering around near me, looking 
around in wonder at the beauty of this place like I was. 
"Tenchi, what do you think this place is?" She asked me.
"I don't know, but it's beautiful, that's for sure." My obvious 
reply came. 

Ryoko went off on her own for a little while, to explore. That gave 
me some time to myself to poke my nose into things. I still 
couldn't get over the beauty of this place. 

I stumbled over an unusual looking rock...stubbed my toe too...
The rock...cracked open. It was beautiful...but I was afraid at the 
same time...what had I done...again??? 

Ryoko came over.

"Oh Tenchi, you've hurt yourself..."

"It doesn't matter Ryoko! Look at this key!" I exclaimed. The key 
was beautiful...golden with a huge amethyst right underneath an 
ornamented key hole. There was an elaborate tassel the same colour 
as the amethyst tied to the key.
"Hmm..." Ryoko murmured, "Look at this scroll Tenchi."

"What is it?" I asked. The scroll didn't look very old at all, but 
I couldn't imagine how something that new could have gotten into 
this cavern. There was a script on it that I couldn't read.

"It's written in Jurai script." Ryoko told me as if reading my 
mind.

"Jurai???" I asked dumfounded.

"Yes...hmm...let's see if I can translate it..." Ryoko studied the 
scroll, "Yes, I think I've got it." 

--- 

RYOKO 

"Hmm...this scroll seems to be saying that this thing is called 
'the amethyst key' and that it's owner is the master of wonders 
never before dreamed." I gasped, "Oh Tenchi! You've found some sort 
of treasure!" 

There seems to be some sort of map. Maybe...yes! I'll call Rhyo-
oki! Maybe Tenchi and I can have a wonderful adventure together! 

"Tenchi...there's a map! I'll call Rhyo-oki!" I exclaimed.

"Wait a minute...how do we even know that this thing is telling the 
truth?"

"Oh, don't be silly! It has to be real! Why would anyone make 
something so beautiful if it were just a joke?" I told him.

"Oh...ok..." Tenchi said, "but...don't you think we should tell 
someone before we go?"

"Of course not! I'm not going to let them spoil our fun!" 

I dragged Tenchi out of the cave and called Rhyo-oki.

"Come Rhyo-oki! We're going into space!" 

"Mreow! Mreow!" 

Within a few minutes, Tenchi and I were on board. 

--- 

TENCHI 

Why did I let Ryoko talk me into this...if we get into trouble, no 
one will know that we even left Earth! Why do I do this to myself? 
Now I'm going to be worried until we get back on the ground... 

The trip itself only took a couple of hours. Ryoko kept on going on 
about this being a great adventure...right. 

When we arrived at this place Ryoko said was on the map, we 
received a transmission: "Please state your business." 

"Um...well, you see this key..." I started to babble... 

"Key? Please come down, we were not expecting anyone to come since 
this place has not been visited in a while, but fret not, all 
amenities have been well maintained over the years." The voice 
said. 

At that moment, Ryoko grabbed my arm and brought us to the building 
(?) below. 

*** 

This place is beautiful! There were giant double doors encrusted 
with gold and amethyst that opened before us. 

We walked in. 

--- 

RYOKO 

Wow! What a beautiful place! Tenchi and I walked in as soon as the 
doors opened, and there was a servant immediatelt waiting for us. 

"Ah...master?" He asked.

"This is Tenchi and I'm Ryoko." I said.

"Ah, yes, Ms Ryoko...who owns the key?" He questioned us.

"Um...you mean this key?" Tenchi showed the golden key with the 
jewel in it to the servant. "Ah yes! Please, Master Tenchi, this 
way please." The servant told Tenchi.

"But, what about Ryoko?" Tenchi asked? 

Ohh...how sweet of him to be concerned about me!

"She will be taken to another room, but do not fret, she will be 
well cared for during your entire stay at The Place." Tenchi walked 
off with him.

"Wait! You mean I can't be with Tenchi?!?" I wailed.

"I'm afraid not Ms Ryoko, unless Master Tenchi wishes it." Another 
servant had come up to my side, "Please come this way Ms Ryoko." He 
motioned for me to follow...so I did...for now, but I made sure to 
keep track of Tenchi...I can you know...after all I worry about 
him. 

--- 

TENCHI 

Well, the servant led me down a long corridor that looked like 
something out of a fairy tale...there were beautiful cream-white 
walls and high arches decorated with gold accents. The floor was a 
dark polished wood. 

"Here, Master Tenchi." The servant showed me to this opaque-
crystal-like amethyst coloured door. He left me alone. 

Well, I guess this key I have must open the lock on this door... 


Amethyst Ket part 2

TENCHI 

"Merow...merow..."

"Oh! Rhyo-oki! You followed me!"

I scoop up the cute little critter. 

No putting it off any longer Tenchi. You can do it! Just turn the 
key in the lock. 

Oh my god! What is this place? It's huge! There's so many pillows 
and blankets on the floor and very fancy brass table in the middle 
of the room. Wow! Even the pillows and blankets look expensive. 

As I walked in, I notice another door in the room...I guess that 
leads into the bathroom. Kinda hard to notice that door, must be 
all these pillows and stuff. I walk to the middle of the room where 
the table is to look at the table. Hmm...I could swear this looks 
like it came from Earth, but it can't be! I'm in the middle of 
space! 

"...GAH!!!!!!"

THERE'S ANOTHER PERSON IN MY ROOM!!! 

--- 

RYOKO 

This is a nice room I've been led to. Looks like one of those Earth 
type hotel rooms. There's a nice large bed and a pretty bathroom 
with a sunken tub. But, where's Tenchi? Is he all right? 

Oh, what harm is there in following him anyways? I always follow 
him. Well, lets see....where's Tenchi? I try to sense his presence. 
Ah! There he is! 

I phase out and follow Tenchi. He's just opened the door to his 
room. Oh! And Rhyo-oki's with him. Wow! His room looks very big! I 
phase out again and hide in a big pile of pillows in his room. I 
wonder why there's no bed in his room? 

Suddenly I hear a cry.. Oh no! Tenchi! What's happened?!? 

I see another boy standing in front of Tenchi. Oh thank goodness! 
Tenchi isn't in any danger, he must have just been surprised by 
that boy. 

My...that boy looks fine! Beautiful shoulder-length hair with dark-
toned skin...hmm...a boy that yummy could almost make me forget my 
Tenchi! He's well built too! Ooh!!! I think I feel faint. 

--- 

TENCHI 

"Um...hello. I didn't know anyone else was in here, I guess they 
must have given me an occupied room by accident."

Okay...the boy looked amused enough...strange, I guess he thinks 
it's funny that these people here made a mistake too...

"No, no, master. You have the right room. I am Seth, your sex 
slave."

"A...a...SEX SLAVE?!?" 

I was having a heart attack. What kind of place is this? Why did 
those people give me a sex slave? Gah!!! Why do these things have 
to happen to me? Oh god, why me? He's laughing at me. I can't 
handle this! I'm gonna faint! I'm gonna faint! 

Suddenly the world turned black. 

--- 

RYOKO 

Tenchi's sex slave? No! I think I'm going to faint! Not my 
Tenchi...Tenchi isn't...oh no!!! Please say no! Tenchi can't 
be...can he? No! This is a nightmare! MY TENCHI CAN'T BE GAY... But 
he's never paid attention to me...or Ayeka - that stuck-up 
cow...could it be because Tenchi doesn't like girls? 

Hmm...what's that 'thud' I hear? *gasp* Tenchi's fainted! 

--- 

SETH 

Well, it seems this new master of mine seems wonderfully shocked. 
I'd better carry him onto one of the more comfortable blankets and 
wait till he comes to. This guy certainly is young. Ha, I bet he's 
still a virgin. He looks so blissfully ignorant. It can't hurt to 
play a joke on him now is there? I remove my new master's clothes. 
I suppose these need to be washed. I'll send them out in a little 
while. 

"Mreow...mreow..." 

What? Oh, it's my master's little pet. Strange creature, but cute 
anyways. I pick animal up and place him on the blanket beside my 
new master. 

--- 

RYOKO 

Tenchi! Oh...Tenchi...he's fainted! He must have been too excited 
to find out that this...this...Seth is his new sex slave! 

What? That Seth has taken Tenchi's clothes off! What is he doing to 
my Tenchi? Oh poor Tenchi! Should I go out there and scream at that 
boy? No. I can't risk the chance of Tenchi finding out that I've 
discovered his secret! I can't handle this anymore! I...I...have to 
go back to my room. 

--- 

TENCHI 

oh...oh...that feels...ooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh............. 

I wake up. OH MY GOD!!! RHYO-OKI IS NIBBLING ON MY...MY...DING 
DONG!!!
"Rhyo-oki! Stop it! Stop it! That's not a carrot!!!" I scream to no 
avail. 

I can't take much more of this! 

"AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!" I feel hot liquid fall on my thighs. 

"Rhyo-oki! Bad Rhyo-oki! Don't do that ever again! Do you hear me?" 
What am I doing? I'm talking to a pet! Wait...what is Rhyo-oki 
doing now?

OH MY GOD! HE'S LICKING IT! I'm going to faint again! Rhyo-oki 
grimaced. Oh thank god he's stopped that. That stuff must taste 
awful. 

I hear someone laughing. Who is that! Wait...I remember now. I 
groan. It's Seth, he's laughing at me. 

"Hmm...many people would love to have a pet like that master."

"What? What do you mean?" I reply. Then I realize I'm naked!
Aarrrgggghhhh!!! I grab the nearest blanket and wrap it around 
myself. Seth laughs at me again.

"How many pets could suck their owner like that?" He chuckled.

"It's not like that! Rhyo-oki usually eats carrots." I tried to 
explain. But he just laughed at me again. 

"Well, master, what do you want of me?" He says.

"What do you mean??? I don't even understand what's going on! And 
please don't call me master. I'm Tenchi." I exclaim.

"Tenchi." He says as if trying out the sound of my name. "Sounds 
like a Jurai name to me."

"I...I am Jurai." I sputter.

"Ah! You're a prince then!" He says excitedly. 

For the next few minuets, Seth explained to me that he was MY sex 
slave and that this place is just one of many that exist throughout 
the galaxy, created by 'the management' headed by some entity 
called 'The Werefox'. The key I found makes me the master of this 
place! This is sick! What sick mind would come up with such a 
concept? 

When he's finished explaining things to me I try to start to 
explain things.

"Um...Seth...I don't really need a sex slave." He looked hurt. Me 
and my big mouth. I don't think I should have said that.

"I suppose your pet is enough for you, master." He tells me with a 
hint of amusement.

"No!" I almost scream.

"Ah! Then you do need me."

"No, that's not what I meant!" I try to explain thing again, but he 
suddenly pushes me to the floor and...OH MY GOD!!! HE'S KISSING 
ME!!!


Amethyst Key part 3

SETH

This is too funny; this Tenchi character is much too in shock, now 
he's wriggling under me. "GET OFF ME!!!" He screams as he pushes me 
off. Hmm...he seems stronger than he looks, but I should have 
known. He's from the Jurai royal family. I laugh at him. 

"Don't ever do that again!!!" His face is red as he sputters. I 
just laugh at him again. He seems like such an innocent. Ah well, 
more fun that way I suppose...gives me a chance to 'corrupt' him. 

"Um...what are you grinning at?" He asks me tentatively.

"Nothing, just that fact that you seem to be in such shock that you 
actually ENJOYED that kiss." I tease him. What's the harm anyways? 
It's fun. 

"ENJOYED??? What are you talking about??? You pushed me to the 
floor!!!" Tenchi's face is really red now, so are his ears...ha ha 
ha...I'm laughing hysterically now.

"It is not funny!!!" He continues on... 

"Listen. I'm your sex slave, so you might as well use me, and I am 
very useful. I can do many, many things, most you probably don't 
even know about yet. I'd be too happy to teach you of course. Oh, 
and I should mention that I belly dance too." 

*thump* Oh great, he fainted again. What should I do now? This is 
fainting thing is getting annoying. Hmm...I suppose I can start a 
bath for him. He must want to do that at least after such a long 
journey to this palace. 

--- 

TENCHI 

Mmmmm...this feels nice...

I wake up in shock again. But this time, it's not unpleasant. 
Hmm...this is a nice bath! hee hee hee...and bubbles! I love bubble 
baths! Maybe I should just ignore everything and just lie here. 
It's so nice and warm. 

Wait a sec...SETH'S IN THE BATH WITH ME!!!

I quickly get up, only to find out I'm still completely naked! Gah!
Seth's laughing at me again and I quickly get back in, to cover 
myself with the bubbles. 

"What's the matter Tenchi? I thought you'd like a nice, warm, 
bubble bath after fainting so many times today."

"But...but...you're in the bath with me!!!" I exclaim.

"What's the matter with that? It's big enough for both of us, you 
could even fit in another few people! Don't you want me in here? 
*sigh* I guess you royal types don't like sharing huh?" 

"I share, but not baths!" I scream. 

--- 

SETH 

I think I'm really going to like this new master of mine. He's 
simply adorable. Now I'm positive that he's never gotten laid 
before in his life. I swim towards him and wrap my legs around him.
He's turning bright red again.

"Does master want to play?" I ask him.

"NO!!!" He screams as he tries to get away, but years of belly 
dancing have made my legs pretty strong and I don't let him move an 
inch.
I laugh at him for the Nth time today.

"I think it's time that we got somewhere don't you think Tenchi?" 

I take his cock in my hand and start to massage it. 

His shaft is growing hard and red, but his face is even redder. 

---- 

TENCHI 

Oh my god! I can't believe this is happening! I can't believe this 
is happening!

Ohhhhhhhh............................god!!!!! That feels so 
good..........gack!!! Why me? Why am I feeling like this? He's 
another guy for crying out loud!!! Damn!!! I'm starting to 
hyperventilate!
"AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!" 

--- 

SETH 

MMMMmmmmmm.........................

I feel his hot liquid on my hand. 

I turn him around and place my mouth on his lips. He's not fighting 
me anymore. That's good. We play in the water for a while until he 
notices the bath beads on the shelf above the bath. He grabs a 
handful and throws them at he, giggling. I grab him, squirting the 
oil inside several beads onto his shaft.

"What are you doing?" He asks me, looking genuinely curious.
"Lubrication" I answer. He still looks confused. I'm not surprised.
"Do you want me to show you first?" I ask him. He nods vigorously.
I take several more beads from the shelf, bursting them and rubbing 
my shaft with the oil. I'm hard now, I doing all I can to not come 
before I'm in him. It's hard. He's so cute and innocent. Sweet too. 

"Turn around" I tell him. And he does - slowly.

"That's good..."

I part his buttocks slowly, but he tenses, probably realising what 
I'm going to do.

"Just relax. It'll go in better if you're not so tense." Heh...I 
guess I shouldn't have expected him to relax a heck of a lot. I 
suppose I need to losen him up first. I explore his virgin orifice 
with a finger, before entering him. Nice and tight. I put one arm 
around him, and begin to pump his penis with the other hand, in 
unison with my thrusts. 

I'm breathing hard now, gritting my teeth...

I feel that familiar rhythm building in my loins...

Suddenly, white lighting sears my mind. 

That was nice. 


To be continued...
