
Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi Muyo or it's characters. Don't sue me. I don't 
have any money. I could give you my mom's credit card though... hmm that 
wouldn't work. This is my first lemon fanfic and I think I carried on horribly 
wirting it. I think I broke into fits of giggles enough times to raise the 
maternal one's suspicions. Oh well.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
Yosho laid back and rested his arms behind his head. He glanced down and smiled 
at his sleeping lover. It was a long night for him but he didn't seem to care 
much. He brushed her bangs back to get a better view of her peaceful face. He 
thought back to that day...

................................................................................
.............................................................

The morning was unusually calm. It was quiet and there were no traces of energy 
blasts or log shield burn marks anywhere. He found this to be disturbing. Aeka 
and Ryoko were the first to wake  up, usually to greet Tenchi as he groggily 
made his way to the bathroom every morning. But his morning it seemed the women 
were still asleep. Katsuhito broke his thoughts to step to the side. A scolding 
hot beam of red light whizzed by him.  

"Good morning Ryoko." He spoke, now satisfied that he wasn't going crazy.
"Sorry." Ryoko mumbled as she passed through the living room wall and out to the 
front yard. "Aeka if you have any balls you'd get your royal backside out here 
for a serious ass kicking!!"  

Aeka ran down the stairs and mumbled "good morning" to Katsuhito as she made her 
way out the living room door and into the front yard to meet Ryoko's challenge. 
Katsuhito smiled and bowed his head. "Everything is as it should be. Now for 
breakfast." He thought to himself.  
Katsuhito made his way to the kitchen only to meet Washu and Sasami deep in 
conversation about Ryo-ohki.  
"Good morning ladies."
"Mornin' Katsuhito." Washu chirped merrily
"Good morning Grandfather! I made your favorite!" Sasami said
"Thank you." He said sitting himself at his usual seat.  

Tenchi marched into the kitchen. "I want them OUT!! I mean it! This is the last 
straw! You can't be hospitable anymore! When you do you get a wacked out space 
pirate and a power hungry princess!!! That's it. I've been nice enough! They go 
today!!!" Tenchi roared almost leveling the house.  
The three continued to eat without acknowledging Tenchi's presence. It had been 
an everyday thing with him.  Eight had passed and Tenchi had used that line 
every day at the same time for six years. Washu stood up finished his empty 
threat for him.  

"Not to mention I have a deranged scientist and a cabbit that eats anything that 
LOOKS like a carrot!" Washu grinned.
"And, I'll be damned if I stand for this one more day!!" Sasami finished off for 
Washu.  
Ryoko walked into the house and adjusted her dress. "Tenchi giving the `I want 
them out' speech again?" Ryoko managed to get out while gasping for breaths. 
Aeka walked past Ryoko and sat herself at the table and Aeka assumed her 
position next to Katsuhito. He looked at her and smiled.  
Time had really passed and everyone changed in the Masaki residence. Eight years 
to be somewhat exact. Sasami grew up. She was looking more and more like Tsunami 
every day. Washu grew tired of her young physique and now took her adult form 
permanently. Tenchi let his hair grow out more. Ryoko didn't change physically 
but mentally, she was more provocative and more outspoken. (Didn't think she 
could be any more honest huh?) Aeka became more and more "common" as the months 
progressed. Her vicious tongue could make Ryoko wince every once in a while.  

Katsuhito finished his breakfast and left as usual reminding Tenchi that he had 
practice at noon. He walked out to the lake and admired his rooted spaceship 
from the shore. Funaho continued to grow and became more beautiful with the 
changing seasons. Her red flowers made the other trees seem invisible during the 
winter. He sighed and headed to the shrine to prepare a surprise attack for 
Tenchi.

*meanwhile back at the house*  

Tenchi knew that a snow day didn't guarantee him any rest because If he wasn't 
ducking and dodging a cat fight he was training endlessly with grandpa. Dressed 
in casual clothes, Tenchi ascended the stairs of the shrine to put in yet 
another day's hard work at training for nothing. In eight years Tenchi was more 
reflexive, jumping at any sound that was within earshot. His grandfather only 
doubled down on the training becoming stronger, faster, and more merciless. 
There would be days Tenchi cursed his  grandfather while Washu stitched up an 
open wound. Tenchi ran his hand across his latest bruise and gripped his bokken 
tightly in his left hand. He reached the top of the stairs only to notice that 
he was all alone.  

"Big Surprise." Tenchi whispered rolling his eyes. He spread his legs and stood 
stiff as a board. Moving would be pointless because Katsuhito would only attack 
him from a vulnerable position. He tilted her head back and narrowed his eyes, 
trying to use his senses to the best of his ability. Just as he suspected, 
Katsuhito lunged at him from a tree. Tenchi did the usual duck and dodge routine 
until he tripped his grandfather and held the bokken to his throat.  

"Accept defeat Grandpa." Tenchi spoke proudly. Just then Katsuhito grabbed his 
leg and threw him into a tree.  

"I will when you realize that it's not that easy to defeat me." Katsuhito spoke 
calmly.

Tenchi pulled himself off the ground and mumbled. He hated training, especially 
on a day where he can kick back and relax. Days became harder on him. He really 
wanted to just live a normal life. He longed for the boring days that Noboyuki 
complained about every night after work. It just seemed to him that Ryoko 
constantly barging in on him in the bathroom and Aeka continuously trying to 
protect him from nothing was becoming his version of a "normal life." Tenchi 
stopped thinking in enough time to block his grandfather's attack.  

"Grandpa please. Why can't I just take this day to myself? Look at me! I can't 
get a moment's peace. I wanted to go into the forest and just relax today. 
Please just let me go this time. I beg you."

"Do you think the enemy waits for a bright and sunny day to attack and kill his 
opponent?"

"Well no, but do you think an enemy is going to trek through the cold and snow 
to kill me?"

"Well don't doubt it. But you're right Tenchi. You do need a break. Go on and 
have the day to yourself. I'll ask Miss Washu to make sure the ladies don't 
bother you today."

Tenchi was a bit surprised by his grandfather's reply but he wasn't going to 
stick around and wait for him to change his mind. He bowed and dropped his 
bokken on the stairs of the shrine. He took off through the forest and kept 
going until he found a comfortable spot and settled there.  

Katsuhito phoned Washu and requested that Lady Aeka and Miss Ryoko were to stay 
in the house. He didn't tell her about Tenchi's plans of where he was just to be 
sure that Washu wouldn't go and interrupt him. He hung up the phone and turned 
to a window. He knew exactly where Tenchi went. Tenchi had been running to that 
one particular tree ever since he could walk. It was his favorite hiding spot 
and  acted like a security blanket to him.  

*meanwhile*

Aeka and Ryoko sat in front of the television and zoned out to the Soap Opera 
Hour. Washu was working on a new project and Sasami was busy at work in the 
kitchen. Ryoko stopped watching the TV and faced the window for a second. For 
some reason she felt like someone was calling her. She stood up and listened 
again. Ryoko walked over to the window and peered out. There was no one or 
nothing there. But she still felt as if someone or something was calling out to 
her.  

Tenchi sat alone in the woods. He was all alone and, to Tenchi, that was a good 
thing. But he felt like something - or someone was missing. He felt this void he 
knew he felt before. Tenchi frowned because he knew exactly why this feeling was 
nagging at him. It was because of her. He had a crush on her for so long. Longer 
than he realized. He would spend night after night alone in his room thinking 
about her. Her bright smile. Her amazing body. The way she looked when she 
stepped out of the shower. Her amazing personality and admirable strength and 
determination. Her... gold eyes and cyan hair. Tenchi thought unusually hard 
about her today. He felt as if he could just call her to him by thinking about 
her.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
Ryoko passed through the wall. The call was louder now. It really started to 
bother her. She turned to the left and faced the forest. Without saying anything 
she walked into the woods.  

"Ryoko where are you going?" Aeka spoke at the door of the house.  
"Dunno.. but I just have to .. go. Like I need to walk. I'll be back soon."
"Well don't bother Tenchi and his grandfather while they are practicing!" Aeka 
scolded still unaware that Tenchi and Katsuhito were not together.
Ryoko pointed to the shrine. "The shrine is that way." She then pointed in the 
opposite direction. "I'm going this way."
"Good." Aeka walked back inside and closed the door.  

Ryoko walked to the entrance of the forest and froze. She hated the snow. There 
was none where she came from and she did not intend to get to like it. She was 
thankful that the cave protected her from it while she was in there. She stood 
there for a while. She admired how beautiful everything looked covered in a 
blanket of snow. Then she heard it again, the voice. This time it was much 
louder and it sounded like... Tenchi.  

*Could he be in some sort of trouble?*

Ryoko flew through the forest, not even waiting to fly around trees. She went 
through everything in a panicked frenzy. Her voice was caught in her throat so 
she couldn't call out to him. She was starting to get nervous. The voice had 
become louder.. then just stopped. She came fact to face with Tenchi.

"Tenchi.. I.. I.. I uhhhhh I thought I heard you.. calling... I'm sorry.. I 
didn't realize... I'll just go." Ryoko didn't know which sentence to form first.  

"It's OK Ryoko... I was thinking about you.. I didn't think you could hear me 
though."

"But I didn't hear... I just... I mean. I just hear a voice.. that sounded a lot 
like yours. I thought that you were in trouble so I came to the voice as fast as 
I could."

Tenchi placed his hands on Ryoko's shoulders. "Maybe it was all for a reason 
Ryoko." Tenchi lowered his head. He knew that now was the best time to tell 
Ryoko how he felt about her. "Ryoko please sit down. I want to talk to you."  

Ryoko sat herself at the base of the tree and pulled her knees up to her chest. 
"What is it Tenchi?" She was becoming nervous. Tenchi had her out in the middle 
of the forest in the cold snow and he was pacing. She racked her mind to think 
of any bad things she had did in the past week. For some reason she knew she was 
about to be scolded for something she did.  

"Ryoko..... I love you." Tenchi turned to her.. "Please don't speak right now. I 
want to tell you exactly how I feel." Tenchi sat in front of her and looked her 
directly in the eyes. "Ryoko.. it's been years that you and Aeka have been here. 
You two fight over me as if I'm this great guy that any girl would want. Ryoko I 
spent many nights in my room fighting with myself. I have feelings for both you 
and Aeka. But I know that I love only one of you. I know... Ryoko.. that that 
one is you. I've loved you ever since that fight with Kagato. Those few hours 
that you were away I was beyond the point of consoling. I felt like I lost this 
extremely important part of my life. I thought my world ended. I knew then that 
you were the one." Tenchi stood up and extended his hand to help Ryoko up.

Ryoko took his hand and stood up. His words must have been speech impairing 
because she couldn't speak. Tenchi rubbed her back a bit trying to warm her up 
because hew whole body was shaking.  

"Ryoko?"

Ryoko looked at him. "I have waited a long time to hear those words Tenchi. I 
always planned my response to it." Ryoko ran her fingers through her hair and 
looked at him. "I can't remember what they were though." Ryoko rested her hand 
against Tenchi's face and brush her thumb across his lips. "Tenchi.. I... I.... 
You know how I feel. I've loved you since you were a little boy." Ryoko smiled. 
"I watched you for so long. I've followed you through the good the bad and the 
ugly of your childhood. Every night you would sit by the cave and just wonder 
what was in there. I would whisper `I love you' In your ear. Tenchi... I would 
die for you. My life is you.. I ....."  

Tenchi cut Ryoko off and kissed her. He pushed his tongue against her lips and 
parted them. She invited his tongue in and entwined it within her own. Ryoko 
wrapped her arms around his neck and held him as close as she could as she 
deepened the kiss. Tenchi responded by holding her tight in his arms. They broke 
the kiss to come up for air.  

"I know Ryoko, and I feel the same way too."  

Ryoko smiled for a second but her face faulted at the thought of....

"Oh my God.... Aeka......" They both said together.

"OK.. this is where it gets hard." Ryoko mumbled placing her hands on her hips. 
"Tenchi.. what do we say to her? She's two steps away from being clinically 
psychotic about you."

Tenchi took her hand and kissed it. "I'll talk to her about it."

"But... but she'll kill you and come after me!"

Tenchi gave Ryoko a skeptical look. "As if you couldn't take her."

"That's not the point Tenchi. I don't want her to flip out and hurt you. It's 
just not going to......"

Once again Ryoko was cut off by Tenchi kissing her so hard she believed Washu 
could feel it. She gave into the kiss and relaxed. All of a sudden she wasn't so 
cold. The snow came down harder but she ignored it as she poured all her heart 
and soul into that kiss.

****Back at the house****

Aeka drifted off to sleep on the couch. She tossed and turned every once in a 
while chanting Tenchi's name every so often. Sasami covered Aeka up and pulled 
the blanket up to her neck.

"Watcha doin' there Sasami?" Washu inquired
"Just covering Aeka." Sasami brushed Aeka's bangs back and led Washu into the 
kitchen.

Washu leaned against the counter. She frowned a little bit as she thought of the 
brain waves Ryoko had just emitted. They weren't any normal brain waves. Nothing 
hostile or even peaceful.. they seemed happy.... too happy. This bothered Washu 
because it could only mean one of two things.  
1) Aeka keeled over and died
2) She had won Tenchi's heart.  

She knew for sure it wasn't the first one.

Washu met eyes with a rather concerned Sasami.  

"Is everything all right Miss Washu? You look a bit sick. Maybe you should lie 
down." Sasami-Tsunami said.

"No it's nothing really.. just thinking." Washu looked up at Sasami once more. 
"Hey Sasami? Hypothetical question. OK....." Washu was growing nervous. She 
tapped her nails on the table and looked for the right words to say what she was 
about to say. "Ummm if Tenchi were to give in and choose one of  the girls and 
it wasn't Aeka... what do you think Aeka would do? Honestly?"

Sasami-Tsunami took a seat and thought for a second. "Well I don't know Miss 
Washu.  She'd probably go home and deny ever loving him. But deep down inside I 
think she will be very very hurt. She loves Tenchi a lot. And she feels that he 
should be treated like nothing less than the crown prince of Jurai."

Washu lowered her head again. "You don't think she would lose her temper and try 
to fight Ryoko to the death for him?"

"Well no, because if he were to kill the one he loved. It wouldn't make him love 
her. Aeka may come off as short tempered and dignified but she is a good person. 
And someday, I know she'll make a good queen and marry a man suited for her." 
Sasami-Tsunami smiled at a rather relieved Washu.  

Washu stood up and placed her hand on the kitchen door praying that the next 
obvious question wouldn't come about.

"Why do you ask Miss Washu?" Sasami-Tsunami asked rather perplexed.

So much for prayer.....

Washu turned around "I was always curious." Washu tilted her head back and 
laughed. "I could've done it myself ya know! All I had to do was record Aeka's 
brain waves while she's in different moods and study then and match them to the 
responses I get from mentioning certain things."

"What kind of certain things?"

"Well you know like telling her that Ryoko decided to leave. This would make her 
happy... the brain waves she gave off could be matched to her initial happy 
waves. But then I could tell her she's leaving to go destroy Jurai again. Then I  
could match that with her initial angry brain waves and so on and  so forth. You 
understand this don't you?"

"I guess. But you haven't answered my question yet Miss Washu."

Washu cringed "I asked you because I didn't want to know scientifically. Science 
may answer a lot of questions but the heart can give you a better explanation. 
You know your sister better than anyone. I thought I could ask you that 
question." Washu smiled a bit "I just wanted to know for research. Nothing 
more."

"Oh I understand. Well if there's anything you need to know about Aeka I'll be 
glad to  help you with your  research."

"Thank you Sasami."

Washu resumed her original plan to retreat to her lab and Sasami-Tsunami worked 
on the menu for tonight's supper.  

****Back in the forest****

Ryoko broke the kiss this time. Hesitant to let go, Tenchi pulled her back 
hoping she would take her mind off Aeka. It wasn't working though because Ryoko 
turned her head and sighed.  

"It bothers you a lot doesn't it Ryoko." Tenchi asked sympathetically

"I just don't want to fight anymore. She'll probably challenge me in a battle to 
the death. Or she'll probably nag and cry and whine and gain your pity and 
you'll leave me and and and and......" Ryoko continued on.

Tenchi laughed. "I never knew you were such a worrier Ryoko."

"It depends on what I'm worrying about Tenchi. And if it's you then I worry a 
lot. Aeka and my coming here has brought a lot of misfortune to you and your 
family."

"But it's also brought a lot of good memories and happy times. And I wouldn't 
give them back for the world. It would mean losing you. I wouldn't allow it." 
Tenchi rubbed Ryoko's back. "Listen, we can watch the sun set together. After 
that we'll go home and eat. Then I'll ask Aeka to go for a walk and I'll explain 
everything to her then. I promise you I won't come home to she vows to leave you 
out of any battle she plans on invoking. I promise you that. OK?"

Ryoko smiled at Tenchi. "I love you Tenchi"

Tenchi smiled back "I love you more."

The two locked in another passionate kiss as the sun began to set.

****Up in the shrine****

Katsuhito dusted the snow off of Achika's grave. He stood up and admired the 
pretty colors the setting sun had painted in the sky. He imagined how beautiful 
it would be to watch the sun set with the one he loved. It had been so long.

*Yosho?*
**Yes?**
*One day, we'll watch the sunset together. Right?*
**Yes we will.**
*And it will be beautiful. Right Yosho?*
**Not as beautiful as you.**

He remembered the way her eyes sparkled when he told her that. She blushed and 
made her way across the field to one of the trees.  

*Then promise me.*
**Hmm?**
*Promise me that one day we'll watch the sun set together.*
**I promise that we'll watch the sun set, the stars come out, and the sun rise 
again.**

The conversation would forever remain fresh in his mind.  

Katsuhito prayed once more and returned to the shrine's office to catch up on 
his reading.

Dinner was rather silent that night. Tenchi and Ryoko sat little closer. Ryoko 
barely ate which was strange in itself. Washu picked at her food. Aeka studied 
the eating habits of everyone. She decided to speak up.

"I.. I noticed that everyone isn't eating.... I wonder if you are all allright." 
Aeka spoke concerned.

"I'm fine, thank you Miss Aeka." Tenchi spoke
"errr yea." Ryoko said quietly
"Fine.. thanks" Washu said.

Aeka shrugged it off and finished her supper. After dinner Tenchi requested that 
Aeka take the walk with him as planned. Ryoko grew nervous. She decided to get 
her mind off it by helping Sasami-Tsunami clear the table off. Washu sat in the 
living room and flipped through one of the magazines on the table.  

"Washu?" Sasami-Tsunami called out.

Washu picked her head up and looked at Sasami-Tsunami. "Hmm?"

"Tonight is Aeka's birthday.. I spent all day making a cake for her. I wondered 
if you were going to stay up here and have some with us."

Washu blinked. She would've answered the question if Ryoko didn't break her 
train of thought by dropping a plate. The two girls turned to face Ryoko who was 
staring at them with a petrified look on her face. Sasami-Tsunami picked up the 
broken shards of glass and Washu dragged Ryoko into the lab. It was time for a 
long overdue mother to daughter talk.  

Washu sat  on one of the lab tables. "I know."

Ryoko glared at her "I know you know. You know everything. And I won't explain 
how it happened."

"It's Aeka's birthday. And Tenchi has chosen... you."

"That's not m fault Washu!!" Ryoko paced back and forth now. "I shouldn't be 
here now! I should be keeping watch or something! She'll kill him!"

Washu stopped her mid pace "She won't. I've consulted Sasami on the matter. She 
says that Aeka would never do such a thing."

"Sasami knows?" Ryoko asked frowning

"No.. she thinks I asked for research" Washu said. She placed a hand on Ryoko's 
shoulder and grinned. "So! My little girl is all grown up with her first 
boyfriend and everything! I guess I owe you a talk about the birds and the 
bees!"

Ryoko stepped back wide eyed "No.. no that's all right Washu. I can put two and 
two together." Ryoko turned to run but Washu grabbed her by the tail on her 
dress and dragged her back.  

"NOPE! Sit!" Washu put on her science academy hat and grinned as an overhead 
projector came down from the ceiling. "Now Ryoko, when a man loves a woman and 
he gets aroused....."

Ryoko placed her head in her hands and prayed that Washu would stop this 
embarrassing and pointless lesson.

****The Walk.. (dun dun DUN!!!! creepy music plays in the background, glass 
breaks and a woman screams)****

Tenchi and Aeka walked along the lake and stopped about half way.  

Aeka smiled brightly. She thought this was it. She thought that Tenchi knew what 
today was and that he decided to confess his undying love and adoration to her. 
Aeka blushed when Tenchi turned to face her. It was her birthday and the day her 
dreams would come true. Nothing could spoil such a beautiful moment.  

"Aeka... we've known each other for quite a while now." Tenchi began

"Yes Tenchi. It's been about eight years. Did you have something you wanted to 
tell me?" Aeka spoke cheerfully.

"Well... Aeka.. for years you and Ryoko have fought over me. You demanded time 
and time again that I make a choice and I have."

Aeka beamed now. She had to be right! Tenchi was confessing he love to her! 
Tenchi was about to return the love that Aeka had shown him every day for eight 
years. "Tenchi.. I... I..."

Tenchi stepped back realizing that he had given Aeka the wrong impression. 
"Aeka.. listen. I have chosen Ryoko. I know that you will find it hard to 
accept, but I love her. I want you to know that this in, no way, changes my 
feelings towards you. I don't want you and Ryoko to fight anymore Miss Aeka. 
We're a family." Tenchi placed a hand on a wide-eyed Aeka's shoulder.

Aeka's mind spun with thoughts. Thoughts of Ryoko, thoughts of Tenchi, thoughts 
of all the hurt and pain she was feeling and was going to feel for a long time 
to come. She tried to form words. Her mouth could move but nothing could come 
out of it. Aeka fell to her knees. She was upset. Too upset to even cry.

Ryoko shot up at the sound of Aeka's voice piercing the air. Washu stopped and 
spun around too. The two women fled out the door in light speed. Sasami stood in 
the doorway and stopped the two girls from running out of the house to bother 
Tenchi and Aeka.  

"You two got here fast enough." Sasami sighed.
"Considering that we were in a totally different dimension and we could hear 
Aeka scream. Yea I'd say that's worth getting up here fast for." Washu said 
crossing her arms.  
"Sasami.. she's not going to....." Ryoko stuttered out
Sasami shrugged. "I don't know...."
Washu let her arms drop at her sides "But you said......"
Sasami put her hand up to silence the scientist. "I know exactly what I told 
you. She won't do it... intentionally. But if she keeps getting angrier she'll 
probably lose control."
Ryoko's eyes widened "WE HAVE TO STOP HER!"
Sasami put her hand up once more. "No.... if she were to see you.. or even Washu 
she just might lose it. You're definitely not her favorite person right now 
Ryoko, and anything or anyone that can remind her of you at this particular 
moment could act as a trigger for her to let her sleeping powers loose - even if 
by accident."
Ryoko paced back and forth now "This is insane!! I'm going to stand here while 
she screams Tenchi deaf?! Two minutes have passed and she's still screaming! 
You'd think she'd pass out by now!"
Sasami sighed "Let's hope that that's what happens soon."

Aeka broke into sobbing fits and pounded the ground. Tenchi knelt by her side. 
He wasn't sure if it was wise to reach out and touch her right then and there. 
Katsuhito walked down the steps of the shrine in his calm and collect manner as 
usual. He stopped in front of Tenchi and Aeka and looked down. Tenchi could 
swear that Katsuhito looked a little hurt. He kept his gaze on Aeka and spoke.  

"Tenchi. What is the reason for all this commotion?" He asked calmly.
"Grandfather... I umm I told Aeka that I have chosen to be with Ryoko and she 
flipped." Tenchi said softly.
"Tenchi, go now and leave Aeka and me here to speak in private." Katsuhito said, 
never taking his gaze off of Aeka.
"But grandfather, I want her to realize that she is important to me and....."
Katsuhito cut him off. "Go now and talk to her when she feels better."

Tenchi bowed. "Yes grandfather. I'm sorry for the disturbance." Tenchi looked 
down at Aeka who had stopped sobbing so much and only shook on her knees. "Lady 
Aeka I apologize for the pain I have caused you. I never meant to ever....."

Aeka looked up at Tenchi. "Tenchi?"

"Yes Miss Aeka?"

Aeka narrowed her tear-filled eyes and spoke softly "Stay away from me. Keep 
your demon woman away from me. Keep that rodent of hers away from me. Refrain 
from ever talking to me ever again." She stood up to meet his hurt gaze "Am I 
understood?"

Tenchi lowered his head. He didn't want to say that what she requested would be 
done, because it wouldn't. And he didn't want to flat out tell her no because he 
didn't want her to be any angrier with him. He nodded and walked back to the 
house.  

Tenchi walked in the door only to meet  three worried women and a concerned 
cabbit. Tenchi walked past them and sat on the couch. "I had no idea she would 
take it in such a manner."

Sasami straightened out her apron then clasped her hands. "Tenchi? Do you think 
she will go home and take me with her? I can't tell her no if she tells me I 
have to go. But I don't want to leave."

Tenchi looked up at Sasami "I don't want either of you to go. Tomorrow I will 
try to talk Miss Aeka out of doing anything irrational."

Sasami sighed and walked into the kitchen. Washu was the next to speak. She 
looked back and forth between Ryoko and Tenchi and tried to form the right words 
to say. "I'm happy for you two. But try to realize that there are a lot of hurt 
people by your decision now Tenchi." She walked over and picked up Tenchi's hand 
and placed it in Ryoko's. "You two belong together and it was all a matter of 
time before you realized. Just take into consideration the ones you hurt by your 
actions together now."

Ryoko turned to Tenchi. "Tenchi and I promise to be considerate of everyone's 
feelings Washu."

Washu cleared her throat.

"Mom...." Ryoko hissed.

Washu grinned and left to go back to her lab.  

Tenchi took Ryoko to the couch where they sat there in silence as they both 
tried to settle themselves from Aeka's previous outburst. Tenchi looked up at 
Ryoko and smiled a little. Ryoko was biting her bottom lip and watching her 
feet. She was trying to give Tenchi his time and he appreciated it.  

"Ryoko?"
"Yes Tenchi?"
"Do you want to go upstairs and talk or something?"

Ryoko smiled brightly "Or something......" The two made their way to Tenchi's 
bedroom.

****Back at the Shrine****

Aeka sat on a chair at the desk in the shrine office. She wiped her eyes and 
looked up at Katsuhito who was lighting a fire in the fireplace.  

"You know you can't avoid the house Miss Aeka."
Aeka turned her head "I'll pack my bags tonight when everyone is asleep. I'll 
have Mihoshi send in a request to Jurai asking them to come and get me 
immediately. I'll leave and forget I ever knew this god-forsaken place."
"And Sasami?" Katsuhito asked still blowing on the fire
"She may stay if she pleases. If she wants to come with me she can. If she 
want's to come home when she's ready she can do that also." Aeka spoke 
monotoned.
"And what if I didn't let you leave?" Katsuhito said standing up and dusting off 
his robe.
Aeka's eyes widened. "Katsuhito you may still be Jurian but you have no power 
over me. I'll leave and you can't stop me." She said growing angry
Katsuhito stood tall at the door and crossed his arms. He kept his cool 
composure, never letting on as to what he was thinking. But he was thinking all 
right....

**"It's now or never. It's the time and I won't back down from this opportunity. 
No one knows of the truth except for my mother. I'll show her. I want to be 
there for her. Because I love her. Aeka If you only knew how much I love you."**

Aeka hissed angrily and stood up. "Grandfather I don't have time for games. Let 
me by immediately."

Katsuhito remained ramrod straight "No."

Aeka raised her voice. "I mean it! This is childish!" Aeka moved to the left and 
so did Katsuhito. She moved to the right and he followed. She moved left and 
dodged right and so did he. "Grandfather I'm in no mood for such infantile 
games!" She put her hands up to push him and he gripped her hands tight. Aeka 
focused on getting her hands free. She pushed against him. "Azaka! Kamidake!"

The two guardians appeared from mid air. "Yes your highness?" Azaka spoke

"Azaka... Kamidake... stand down." Katsuhito said.

"Yes your majesty, Lord Yosho." Kamidake said

Aeka glared at the two statues for a second. She whipped her head around and 
looked up at the handsome young man that was still gripping her hands tightly. 
"Y... Yosho?" Aeka stuttered out.  

Yosho locked his eyes on hers. "I'm sorry that I deceived you all this time 
Aeka." He released her hands and placed his on her shoulders. "I didn't want 
anyone to know that I was still.... able to be this way. You see, Ryoko's gems 
allow me keep my youth. I've been like this since I got here. As long as she's 
here providing energy to Funaho I will be fine."  

Aeka reached up and touched the side of his face. "And why didn't you come to me 
Yosho? Why didn't you tell me this?" Aeka said, tears welling up in her eyes 
again.

"And do what? Go back to Jurai and face the prejudice again? I wanted to live a 
peaceful life as a normal person where people wouldn't expect me to be what they 
wanted me to be. I wasn't ready to be Emperor." Yosho said seriously

"So why appear to me now?" Aeka asked, the tears streaming down her face.

"Because, it's not worth it to see you suffer. Because I realize that I love you 
far too much to see you be alone another day. I would go against my feelings of 
Jurai just be with you. I would take the throne and deal with all the hate in 
the world just to be loved by you again." Yosho said softly.

Aeka hugged him tight. "Yosho. You should've just told me how you were feeling. 
I waited 700 years for you. I'd wait 700 more." The tears streamed down her face 
as she poured her heart out to him.

Yosho embraced her. "I'm sorry." He looked at her. "I'm here now... if it's any 
consolation."  

Aeka wiped her eyes. "Of course it is."  

Yosho tilted her head up. "I love you Aeka."
Aeka smiled a bit. "I love you Yosho."

He leaned over and kissed her ever so gently on the lips. He stopped for a 
second making sure she wanted to go further. He kissed her longer this time. 
Aeka pulled him in closer and the kiss deepened. Their lips parted and their 
tongues entwined in a wild dance. The two kissed as if it was the last time they 
would ever be able to do so. Aeka slid her hand against the wall and hit the 
light switch.  

"Hey Azaka." Kamidake whispered as low as he could
"Yes Kamidake?" Azaka spoke even softer.
"Do you think they forgot we were here?" Kamidake whispered
"I don't think they care... Kamidake." Azaka said.

***Tenchi's Bedroom*** (Distasteful sex up ahead!)

Ryoko sat on Tenchi's bed. She smoothed out the sheets and smiled. It was the 
first time that Tenchi invited her into his room. She took the chance to get a 
good look around his room. She admired the skylight in the ceiling and the way 
he lined all the books up in size order on his shelf. These were things she 
never took the time to notice because she didn't have that much time before 
Tenchi threw her out. But this time the door was opened for her and he told her 
to make herself comfortable. It was a good feeling. Ryoko threw herself back on 
the bed and smiled. Tenchi's whole room smelled like him. She could just imagine 
him sleeping in his bed at night and waking up in the morning.  

Tenchi broke her train of thought. "Ryoko I'm back. I brought up some tea that 
Sasami just made." He handed Ryoko the cup and smiled.  

It seemed like the two had pushed the night's earthshaking events in the back of 
their head. Tenchi placed his glass on the night table and stared at Ryoko as 
she took a sip of the tea. Ryoko picked her head up and smiled at him. She put 
her cup down on the table too.  Tenchi sat up and moved closer to her. Ryoko 
wasn't into moving slowly. She pulled him into a deep, passionate kiss. Tenchi 
was already starting to become aroused but it wasn't until Ryoko slid her hand 
down and rubbed his inner thigh that he realized what hard could be.

Tenchi pushed Ryoko down on the bed and kissed all the way up her neck. He 
licked all the way back down and started on the other side. Ryoko moaned and 
pleaded for Tenchi to continue. Tenchi was becoming painfully hard and Ryoko 
could feel it against her leg. She sat up and patted the bed for him to lie 
there. She undid his pants and, with one swift movement, removed them 
completely. Tenchi gasped as Ryoko stroked his hard member through his boxers. 
She wasted no time removing those either.  

"Ryoko.. you don't have to..." Tenchi panted
Ryoko brought her face close to his. "Shhhh I want to." She licked his lips and 
made her way back down to Tenchi's penis.  

Tenchi gripped the sheets as Ryoko teased him playfully. She licked at the head 
and would pull away making him moan and beg for more. She finally stopped and 
closed her lips around his aching member. She moaned letting the vibrations 
stimulate him more. Tenchi gritted his teeth and pushed himself farther into her 
mouth. Ryoko invited him but held his waist down to keep him from going to far. 
She sucked hungrily at his manhood making him grip the sheets tighter. He was 
going to come soon but she knew when to stop. Tenchi shuddered as a wave of 
ecstasy passed over him and he tried to thrust into her. Ryoko pulled away.  

"Ryoko... don't tease me...." Tenchi pleaded

Ryoko pressed her finger against his lips and silenced him. She had phased out 
of her clothes while she was pleasuring him. Tenchi pulled her down on top of 
him and they kissed again. They switched positions and Tenchi climbed on top of 
her and kissed her hungrily around her shoulder blades. He kissed around her 
hard nipples and resumed making his way down. He stopped a second to probe her 
navel with his tongue. Ryoko shuddered in delight. Tenchi finally made it to 
Ryoko's wet cunt. He thought back to all his father's perverted tapes that he 
had stumbled upon. As soon as he figured out a technique he dove into her. Ryoko 
arched her back as Tenchi probed around searching for her lit. He found it and 
Ryoko let him know it by pulling her nails up his back. Tenchi slid his tongue 
in as far as it could go. He flicked at her throbbing clit as she moaned his 
name over and over again. He pulled out, satisfied that he had her on the edge.  

"Tenchi... don't tease me..." Ryoko repeated his very words.  

Tenchi kissed his way back up her stomach. Ryoko lay back on the bed with her 
hands balled in fists. She met her loving gaze.

"It's my first time Ryoko." Tenchi said blushing slightly.
Ryoko smiled "It's mine too lover."
Tenchi blinked "But.. I thought you were....."
Ryoko giggled "I may have killed people for the fun of it but I have morals 
Tenchi!"
Tenchi brushed his hand against the side of her face. "I love you Ryoko."
Ryoko kissed his hand as it passed across her lips. "I love you too Tenchi."
"I promise I'll be gentle." Tenchi said lowering himself so that his head 
pressed against the entrance of her tunnel. He pressed in deeper until he met 
the tension he was expecting. He watched Rook's reaction as he tore into her. 
She winced in pain as the tears streamed from the corners of her eyes. Tenchi 
stopped. "Ryoko... are you all right? I'll stop if you want."
Ryoko smiled at him "No. I want you to continue. Take me Tenchi I'm yours."
"But.. you're crying." Tenchi said frowning.
"It's because I'm so happy that I finally get to feel your love." Ryoko said 
letting the tears stream out of her eyes.  

Tenchi kissed her as he slid completely in. Ryoko moaned into his mouth and ran 
her hands up his back. He pulled her legs up around his waist and she locked 
them behind him. He began to glide slowly into her. It stung for a bit but the 
pain was fading and was turning into pleasure unknown. Tenchi built up a 
momentum and sped it up as they got caught up in the heat of passion. Ryoko 
thrusted her hips against him as she moaned deeply. Tenchi shut his eyes tight 
and pounded against her pushing them both to the edge. Ryoko dragged her nails 
up his back as her walls closed around Tenchi's member and she edged closer and 
closer to her orgasm. Tenchi winced a bit because he nails broke skin but he was 
so deep in pleasure it didn't matter.  
"TENCHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!!!!" Ryoko screamed as she climaxed. The contractions 
were enough to push Tenchi that last bit and he shot his seed deep into her.
"Oh god... RYOKO!" Tenchi panted. He slammed against her until he finished. 
Tenchi collapsed against her and they laid on the bed for a few minutes trying 
to catch their breaths. Tenchi rested his head against Ryoko's heaving chest and 
she ran her fingers through his hair.  
"Thank you Tenchi." Ryoko whispered.
"Don't thank me my love. I should thank you." Tenchi said.  
The two fell asleep in the position they were in.  

Washu put the fire extinguisher down and stared at the soot covered machine. She 
reached up and ran her hand across the machine's surface. She walked away 
shaking her head disgustedly. Sasami, who was sitting next to her when the 
machine exploded out of nowhere, walked over to it. She couldn't read it too 
well but she could make out the words "Ryoko's happy brain waves." Sasami smiled 
and went to cheer up the pissed off scientist.

***The Next Morning***

Yosho laid back and rested his arms behind his head. He glanced down and smiled 
at his sleeping lover. It was a long night for him but he didn't seem to care 
much. He brushed her bangs back to get a better view of her peaceful face.  

Tenchi woke up to lock eyes with Ryoko who was now sleeping on his chest. He 
pulled up the blankets to their necks and drifted back to sleep. Sasami sat at 
the breakfast table and waited impatiently for everyone to come eat. Washu took 
a sledge hammer to the machine that had blown up. Sasami growled and prayed for 
something to wake them all up. Her prayers came true as Mihoshi came crash 
landing down to Earth.  

"Another beautiful, normal morning, ne?" Azaka said  
Kamidake stood quiet for a minute.  "Beautiful it is Azaka... But normal it will 
never, ever be again."

The two statues stood at the gate of the Masaki residence and enjoyed the birds' 
song.

Dynna Chae

