Foreword: Tenchi Muyo! and all of the characters affiliated with it are NOT
MINE. They belong to AIC and Pioneer, and I don¹t assume any part of the
show is mine(besides, I¹m broke anyway!) This is my first fic, so I hope you
enjoy!

Tenchi sat in the stillness of the night on the roof. Ever since the girls
moved into the Masaki shrine, he has had no privacy. If Ryoko wasn¹t
constantly forcing herself on him, or there was a fight between the two main
combatants of his heart, he would have schoolwork to do, and he had no time
to think.
 He sighed, staring at the stars. Breathing heavily, he started thinking:
³How did I get tossed this curveball?² He had six girls to choose from, all
of them unique in their own way. If he didn¹t pick one soon, all of them
would leave.
 Sasami? oh, God, no. She was way too little, she was like a sister to him.
There was no way.
 Ayeka? She was very beautiful, and smart. But she just wasn¹t his type. She
just was too sophisticated. He couldn¹t get used to that kind of living.
 Ryoko? She was very sexy, but she was too wild. Her soul wasn¹t tame enough
for him. He would just be too boring for her.
 Washu? Too old. We¹ll just leave it at that.
 Kiyone? She was nice, and had the biggest breasts he has ever seen, but she
seemed so...distant....
 ³Tenchiiiiii!!² Said a squealing voice.
 Tenchi sat up abruptly, and saw Mihoshi there, waving. She walked over to
him and sat down.
 ³Hi, Tenchi! What¹cha thinking about? You looked so serious, its not you.²
Mihoshi giggled furiously, blushing slightly.
 Tenchi looked at the ravishing blonde. ³Oh, nothing much. It¹s just...² he
looked away.
 Mihoshi stopped giggling and looked at him. ³What is it? Did Ryoko get you
mad or something?²
 It was cold out, but with Mihoshi keeping him company, Tenchi felt no
longer cold. He was kind of happy that he got to spend this time out here
with one of his closest friends, who would be willing to keep anything a
secret. Tenchi sighed. ³Well, you know I love you all as friends(at saying
the word Œlove¹, Mihoshi ahhed), but someday the time will come when I have
to make a choice between one of you, and I...just...don¹t...feel like making
a choice, because....²
 ³You know it will break someone¹s heart,² Mihoshi said quietly. Her head
was down, and her lips were curved downward.
 ³That¹s exactly it!² Tenchi exclaimed, looking at the stars. ³You know,
Mihoshi, sometimes I think you know me the most of anyone. You¹re really...²
He looked over at Mihoshi. He just barely saw the tear drop from her eyes.
³M..Mihoshi?²
 Mihoshi, at hearing her name, Shed another tear. ³T-T-Tenchi, I....I know
how much y-you try to st-stay cool, but, R-Ryoko and A-A...Aeka aren¹t the
only fish in the s-sea....I.....² She started sobbing.
 Tenchi moved over to her side. His hand moved to hers and held it tightly.
³whatever you have to say,² Tenchi whispered, ³you can say it to me.²
 Mihoshi started again. ³I....I....I...lo...² Mihoshi then broke down,
crying freely, openly, and suddenly. Tenchi was shocked. He has never seen
Mihoshi this way before. Her hand was tender in his, soft and subtle. He
drew his hand away, and put it around her shoulder.
 Mihoshi couldn¹t hold it in anymore. She burst into more tears, and grabbed
Tenchi and held on as if he was the only thing that prevented her from going
into a black hole. She cried and dug her nails into his skin,ruffling up his
shirt.
 Tenchi was at a loss. He couldn¹t just sit there while his friend was being
tourtured by some unknown force within. He then slowly put his hand around
her, and held her while she cried. Mihoshi tightened the grip she had, and
Tenchi then put both arms around her, telling her it was okay. He stroked
her blonde hair, and pulling her tanned skin closer to his as she cried her
heart out.
 After five minutes, Mihoshi calmed down to sniffles, and Tenchi¹s shirt was
soaked with tears, mucus, and saliva. They still held onto each other, and
then, Tenchi spoke softly in Mihoshi¹s ear,
 ³Listen, Mihoshi, and listen well. I have been with you for some time now,
and I have never seen you this horrible before. I just want to let you know
that you can tell me whatever you want to, whenever you want to. I don¹t
like it when you are like this, because I myself get sad. Just feel free to
tell me anything. Remember, we¹re friends, and friends care about each
other¹s needs, so just let me know anything, okay? Anyway, what were trying
to tell me, anyway?² Tenchi waited for an answer. Silence. ³Mihoshi-²   He
then looked down. Mihoshi was fast asleep in his arms. She slept soundly,
and she looked peaceful. Tenchi slowly stood up, and lifted her body gently
in his arms, like an infant. He gracefully jumped and landed on the ground,
without waking her. He went up to her room, brushed the rubbish off the bed,
and placed her down.
 After putting the covers over her, he sat in the lounging chair and watched
her sleep. She had a certain softness in her face, an angelic smile across
her lips. her cheeks were full of life, and her strong jawbone was as
delicate as a flower. He leaned in towards her, and then, he noticed it.
Mihoshi¹s lips were mouthing his name over and over again. She looked so
beautiful, her blond hair flowed just past her shoulders, and the moon hit
her face just right.
 Tenchi could feel himself giving in to her beauty, he can¹t beleive he
hasn¹t felt it sooner. He loved Mihoshi. More than ever. He could feel his
body slowly moving towards her. He felt even more love for her as she
stirred slightly. He couldn¹t even recall the exact time his mouth touched
hers.
 It was a tender kiss, a kiss of the purest two hearts, a kiss that declared
who won the battle for his heart. He slowly deepened the kiss, and Mihoshi
unconsciously opened her mouth as well. Tenchi felt his heart surge with
undenying affection for her, and then felt, experienced, tasted, the kiss
that any other woman would have died for. A rose upon thorns, two opposites
that felt so new, so fresh, so perfect for each other. He reluctantly pulled
away from her, her lips fresh upon his. She was smiling.
 ³Good night, my lovely Mihoshi,² Tenchi caressed her cheek before leaving
her room.


Author¹s notes:
 So, whaddaya think? It has been so long since I saw a Mihoshi fic, and I
wanted that to happen, especially considering that that woman is soooo HOT!
Remember, I need some critisism, so email all of your ideas to
kamehameha11@hotmail.com. Thanx!
