From:             "Rabbit" <usagiyojimbo@mail.geocities.com>
To:               fanfic@fanfic.com
Date sent:        Mon, 15 Dec 1997 22:40:38 +0000
Subject:          Re: A Lemoney challange [TM][Lemon] Finding love in the Furriest
Priority:         normal
Forwarded by:     fanfic@fanfic.com

 Well here we go, The first and most likely the only lemon I will 
write.  Standard disclaimer about who owns what and not sueing me 
because I have no money whatsoever to give you.  Don't blame me blame 
P-R-P chan for sugesting it.  

******************************************************
 Finding Love in the furryiest of places
 A Tenchi Muyo fic Staring Tenchi and Ryo-oki


 Tenchi was out in the fields harvesting carrots.  Not that they 
didn't need anymore, the store shed had plenty, but Ryoko and Ayeka 
were arguing again.  This was causing him a splitting headache that 
just would not go away.  He was just dumping his small carry basket 
into the larger one on the cart when he noticed Ryo-oki in her 
humanoid form walking out towards him along the path.  Usually 
Ryo-oki was playing with Sasami, but the little tyke was nowhere to 
be seen.  

 Ryo-oki walked up to Tenchi and gave a Maiow in greetings.  She had 
started off in a sunny disposition when she had come out to visit 
Tenchi and maybe see if she could wheedle a few carrots out of him.  
Her expression changed from happiness to worry as she saw Tenchi's 
current mood.

 Tenchi saw how his mood was affecting her and groaned.  It was bad 
enough that he was gloomy, now he had brought someone else down in 
the dumps with him.  Taking Ryo-oki's hand Tenchi said "I'm sorry.  
It's just that I'm getting so tired of those two fighting.  It just  
wears on my nerves after a while.  I didn't mean to make you sad."  
Tenchi looked into her eyes and added "At least you don't look at me 
as a prize to be won.  I wish those two could be more like you, 
loving uncondisionally without jellacy or anger."  Tenchi let go of 
Ryo-oki's hand and gave another sigh, "but I guess thats just a pipe 
dream, Theres no-one like that, at least not for me."

 Ryo-oki's heart almost broke when she heard him say that.  She had 
loved him like all the others but till now she had thought she didn't 
stand a chance.  After all she had been constructed to look like some 
strange cross between a rabbit and a cat.  But with her reccent 
fusion with the masses she now had at least a humanoid body she could 
morph into.  She had still felt she had no chance, mostly because she 
thought Tenchi still thought of her as a cabbit and her inability to 
express herself.  Suddenly she had an idea that would hopefully cheer 
up Tenchi and allow her to express her feelings towards him.

 Tenchi watched as Ryo-oki grabbed his hand and pulled him towards 
the lake.  Puzzled he allowed himself to be led.  When they got to 
the lake he watched as Ryo-oki leaped into the air and morphed into 
her spaceship mode. 'I'll don't think I'll ever get use to seeing 
that.' he thought to himself.  He then felt himself being pulled up 
by the tansit beam.  Tenchi wondered what the cabbit had planned.

 Ryo-oki made sure Tenchi was safely on board then set a course for 
the outer atmosphere.  Morphing  a control crystal back into her girl 
likeness, she went over to him.

 Tenchi Saw Ryo-oki-chan move over to him.  He was confused for a 
minute then remembered that when she was in ship mode she could 
control the shape of her interal computer units, but he had never 
seen her take on her humanoid shape while in this mode before.  
"Whats going on?" he asked, not really expecting an answer.  He was 
suprised when the screen lit up and text scrolled across it.  It read 
[ I am taking you on a little trip.  You were sad and I wanted to 
make you happy.  I also wanted a chance to tell you how I felt about 
you.]  Tenchi could almost swear the screen was blushing, and 
Ryo-oki-chan was most definately  blushing.  Tenchi saw that the text 
had once again begun to display itself.  [ I have loved you for a 
long time now.  I thought I would never be able to tell you or show 
you, because of what I was.  But today seeing you so sad I couldn't 
take it anymore.  I just had to do something.  I'll understand if you 
can't return my affection, after all, I look like this....] 
Ryo-oki-chan gestured at herself [ but I am now happy that I have 
been able to tell you.]  Tenchi noticed Ryo-oki-chan had a tear 
rolling down her cheek, and his heart just melted.  'This is what 
pure love is supposed to be...uncondisional and straight from the 
heart.  No asking for  anything , just giving freely.' he thought in 
awe.  Walking over to Ryo-oki-chan he wrapped his arms around her and 
pulled her close.  The next thing Tenchi knew he had switched from 
hugging her to kissing her.

 Ryo-oki-chan's eyes went wide then closed in dreamy bliss as 
Tenchi's kiss suffused her with a warm glow.  How often she had 
dreamed of this.  The rest of the ship responded in it's own way.  
The lighting inside grew dim and the gravity reduced itself.  The 
inner hull became transparent, letting the glory of the stars and 
planets shine through.  She felt Tenchi's manhood start rising 
through his pants, poking her crotch area, as if to get her 
attention.

 Tenchi started to blush profusely as he felt his baser instincts 
rise to the fore.  Breaking off the kiss Tenchi started to speak an 
appology when Ryo-oki-chan placed a finger on his lips effectively 
silencing him.  The screen once again lit up, [Thats ok, there is 
nothing to say sorry for.  I fills me with joy that I can get your 
attention this way.  I have always been scared that you would be put 
off since I don't look quite as human as the others do.]  Once again 
Tenchi saw a tear roll down her face.  "I don't care what you look 
like, it's whats in your heart that counts to me." Tenchi said, his 
voice heavy with emotion," If I cared for looks I would have been 
with Ryoko or Ayeka long ago.  They say that they love me but all I 
feel from them is that I am some sort of prize to be won.  It's not 
the same with you,  all I feel from you is love, nothing less." [ I 
love you so much,..] the screen responded, [please let me show you 
how much....]  Before Tenchi could say or do anything, Ryo-oki-chan 
had drifted downward and felt his pants dropped freeing his engorged 
penis. 

 Ryo-oki-chan gazed at the marvel that was Tenchi's manhood for a 
moment, then she wrapped he lips around the head and gently began to 
suck.  She let it slide all the way down her throat and then back 
out, using her tounge to stroke the underside as it did so.

 Tenchi's eyes rolled into the back of his head as wave after wave of 
pleasure flooded over him.   An idea came upon him just as another 
wave of exstacy washed over him.  Since they were floating in near 
zero gravity, it was an easy matter to momentarily extract himself 
from Ryo-chan's exquisite lips and flip her upside down so he could 
get to her now moist womanhood.  Sliding the tip of his tounge 
through the crack and and ending with a flick on her erect clitorus 
Tenchi felt Ryo-oki-chan shudder.  He then felt her lips return 
around his penis.

 Ryo-oki-chan was floating on a cloud of sheer pleasure as Tenchi's 
tounge worked it's magic on her nether regions.  She finally could 
take it no more.  She just had to feel him inside of her.  She 
diengaged herself from him most reluctantly.  She saw that he was 
going to say something but stopped as realization hit him what she 
wanted to do.  Guiding herself so her opening was positioned above 
his awaiting shaft, she slowly impaled herself, shuddering from sheer 
pleasure as he filled her.

 Tenchi felt himself sliding in and out of Ryo-oki-chan.  Her 
tightness pulling him higher and higher into nirvana.  He could feel 
himself getting closer and closer to orgasam and could tell that she 
was as well.  

 Somewhere in the heavens two beings reached bliss at the same time, 
feeling as if they had become a star shining down on the planet 
below.

**************************************************************
Authors notes.

Well there ya go, I hope your'e happy now.  Well time to give thanx 
to those who it is due.  First on my list is Happosai for showing 
that a lemon don't have to be all mindless sex and no plot 
(BTW....HURRY UP WITH THE NEXT PART OF YOUR TENCHI FIC!!!!)  
Next is P-R-P chan who came up with this crazy combo in the first 
place.  Finally I give thanx to all of you on the mailing list who 
actully take time to read this and comment on it, good bad or 
indifferant.  Hopefully I will get an MST or R&R out of this (hint 
hint to the respective creative geniuses)  Well till next time, 
Seasons best to everyone.

Rabbit 


Power corrupts.
Absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Petty power corrupts all out of proportion to actual power.