Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi or any of his supporting cast.  I just own the 
perverted ideas to do this to them.  If you're under the age of 18... you more 
than likely know the routine, but I doubt you'll listen, so I won't bother 
telling you.  As always, if you don't like long-winded sex stories or if the 
characters within obsess you, GET AWAY NOW!  If you keep reading it's your own 
fault.  Without further interruption, I present Tenchi Muyo: The Clone 
Chronicles.


Walking down the hall with another form of himself and Sasami-Tsunami in tow, 
Tenchi's arrival at the foot of the steps met the sounds of six other women 
discussing the things they'd purchased.  No one really paid his--the mass that 
was composed of the remaining women's Tenchi--any mind as he flopped down on the 
couch.  It was one of those peaceful days--no intrusions from the outside world 
or rampant fits of guilt to worry about--just a remote, some pointless cartoon, 
and the annoying sound of overall silence, again?  The immediate pop of the TV's 
picture being extinguished filled the room as he scanned to see what interrupted 
the melee of claims of being ripped off by certain clerks and squabbles over who 
got the best deals.  

"Problem?" He asked, noticing they (minus Sasami-Tsunami) were all staring at 
him.  

"You could've at least said, 'hello'," Ryoko said in return with a mock pout, 
phasing into place beside him only to be blinded seconds later to prevent an 
argument of some kind.  His body glowed for a few seconds while his 
consciousness divvied into five more, allowing the same number of living light 
hawk wings to spark away, which left Ryoko with her most prized possession.

"Sorry.  So how was your day," Tenchi asked her, as his brethren went to make 
similar amends across the room.  Spirit immediately returning, Ryoko made a move 
to lay across his lap, holding a rather large box mischievously grinning the 
whole while.  Sure, it was a piece of see-through lingerie that had cost on the 
upside of ten thousand yen, but on the plus side, Tenchi's eyes would pop out of 
their sockets once he saw her in it.  Of course, then he'd rip it from her body 
moments later, but considering what would happen afterwards... it was more than 
a fair trade in her book.  "Well, are you gonna talk or do I have to make you 
talk?"  He raised an eyebrow towards the stairs, netting a silent answer for 
this silent question. 

Ryoko's smile broadened, but she didn't say a word.  In the next instance, they 
were both gone.  Everyone looked at the couch for a second, wondering just where 
Ryoko had taken him.  It took a few minutes before an infectious laugh bubbled 
down to the living room, but everyone realized where the former space pirate had 
stolen him away to, as their men let out a joint groan shortly there after.  

"I see the link between you all is getting stronger," Washu said, seemingly 
unconcerned the remaining Tenchi were experiencing a small amount of pleasure 
derived from the now obvious goings on upstairs.  

In unison, the men all said, "Tell us about it."  

Trying to ignore it as best they could, as well as the annoyed glances befalling 
them from the other women--whom all weren't as easily accepting of this--they 
focused on Yugi.  The girl had come out of her induced slumber a woman, met up 
with Yosho, and now stood to bear her first child all in the course of a few 
months.  Amazing to say the least, but the joyous news wasn't all together well 
received.  Ayeka--while seemingly forgiving her brother's infidelities--lost her 
calm under this devastating news.  She blew things up; she yelled at people 
(innocent people), and Yosho hadn't made it down from the mountain since.  
Tenchi, her Tenchi, smirked at that thought.  The "old" man stayed at the shrine 
for weeks on end randomly, but everyone present knew his reasoning now.  Fear.  
Tenchi assumed Ayeka could've taken the news better if it didn't come up so 
soon, as in exactly three hours of them (Yugi and Yosho) being spotted in the 
throws of passion.  

Still, Yugi, who barely looked a day beyond twenty, had been complaining of 
abdominal pains.  At first, she thought it was a bad reaction to the strong 
herbal tea.  Washu had noticed something else though--a look from Yosho that she 
read a little too deeply into and asked to look her over.  It was with little 
surprise that Yugi jumped at the opportunity, since it only required a fully 
clothed scan.  Washu's Tenchi began to recall the next events, which entailed of 
Washu pulling him aside to inform him of the results of her brief computer scan.  

"I can't believe it," Washu had said in a whisper, "but it seems like Yugi's 
well, pregnant."

Her whisper wasn't low enough however, as both Ayeka and Yosho dropped their 
cups of tea proving that neither sibling knew.  Before Yosho could give a 
response of happiness or sadness, Ayeka had gone through the roof (well a 
portion of the energy she gave off did.)  Words of filth came out of her mouth 
like a vile geyser.  All of which were aimed at her older brother, who miserably 
tried to hold his adamant fa‡ade while sweating throughout the entire twenty 
minute tirade before his sister stormed back to the house.  Everyone did 
sympathize with her case though.  She'd been looking forward to marrying him for 
a few millennia and after learning that he was too old: the plan shattered.  

Then getting together with Tenchi made everything all right (on the surface at 
least).  Then she learns her ex-fianc‚ is not only still young enough to marry 
her, but also, has been technically involved with a woman she'd had no knowledge 
of.  And to top it all off, they were having a baby.  Not even Nagi tried to 
argue about Ayeka's seeming mental collapse.  It didn't reach problematic levels 
(for her Tenchi) until she started giving him the cold shoulder.

Day in and day out; she simply fumed for a clear week about Yugi and Yosho--
mostly about him more so than the pregnant woman--ignoring and uttering 
contemptible words about Tenchi and how he'd probably do the same thing.  On 
particularly cold stretches, she'd bring up how he had done the same thing in a 
way.  That'd done it, he recalled.  Giving her time to "grieve" was one thing, 
being accused and labeled as rampantly promiscuous was another.  So, in the 
privacy of their bed he'd flipped on the nightstand lamp and gave her a direct 
ultimatum one night.

"Would you like me to leave or stay?  Pick one.  Because I thought I'd made up 
for my mistakes, but if I'm going to be judged by his actions, I guess I was 
wrong."

He remembered she'd had very little to say immediately after that, choosing 
instead to stare at him with wide, and almost pain stricken eyes.  Of course, 
her expression boiled down to a swift kick in the kidneys as he managed to stay 
upset all of ten seconds once he saw her cry.  However, things played out a 
little differently as Ayeka fell across him sobbing.  Another situation blown 
out of proportion, but none the less, he accepted her apology for taking her 
frustrations about her brother out on himself.  

"Too bad, it hadn't completely blown over," Ayeka's Tenchi thought mournfully in 
the present, while discussing the cuteness of the baby shoes his new great aunt 
or uncle would be wearing.  A new thought then surfaced, but Tenchi quickly 
shook off the incestuous realizations of his family life and refocused on the 
soon-to-be child's clothing.  Meanwhile, the couple upstairs were entering the 
homestretch of their sexual encounter, as signaled by the escalated screaming of 
a certain individual's name and frantic bed squeaking.  

The six Tenchi all grunted again, as their brother had apparently reached his 
limit.  Ayeka and Nagi seemed to be the only ones overly annoyed by this, as 
evident in their scornful grumbling.  Everyone else though, minus the cheerfully 
smiling Yugi, seemed to get erotic ideas of his or her own, especially once the 
Tenchi attached themselves in standing spoon like positions to them.  

Before the ensuing orgy could take place, Ryoko and Tenchi (with her help) both 
floated leisurely down through the ceiling, smiling innocently... as two people 
could who'd just disappeared for a midday quickie.  Eventually landing on the 
sofa, Tenchi dropped his head into her lap and sighed contentedly.  And as for 
the former space pirate: a dull stinging between her legs, a slightly sore 
throat, Tenchi's old training shirt, and a smile full of shining teeth spoke 
volumes for her.   

Feeling the need to embarrass the sexually sedated couple, Nagi said, "Wearing 
down?  That only lasted a good twenty or so minutes."  

As usual, Ryoko was in a mood far beyond being annoyed.  So for added effect, 
she stroked Tenchi's damp hair, and then looked her former nemesis in the eye 
and asked, "Why were you counting?"  Checkmate.  The attention of the room 
befell the bounty hunter, and she could only manage a snub of the nose in 
response.  Well, that was her visible response anyway.  She had plenty of 
thoughts on the matter though.   

"Heh, thinks she's so smart.  A fool is what she is," Nagi thought, gathering 
the bags that were hers and unconsciously storming towards her room.  "Always 
pawing over the man.  And what's the deal with her and that shirt anyway?  You'd 
never see me getting all wrapped up about some little insignificant trinket he 
gave me... if he ever gives me anything.  Sentimental fools, all of them I tell 
you!"  Her hostile thoughts manifested outwardly as she flung the new clothes 
she'd bought into a corner haphazardly.    

As she came out of her room, Nagi walked in to meet the image of her Tenchi and 
Washu conversing.  He seemed to usher the red head out of her immediate line of 
vision and lowered his voice dramatically.  Was he having an affair with the 
scientist?  Had she erased his mind in such a short amount of time?  Did he 
still love her?  Nagi's mind spiraled into a well of rampant doubt... all in a 
span of thirty seconds.  Trying to remove the visage of confusion from her face, 
Nagi calmed herself and entered the living room where her Tenchi and Washu still 
talked across the room.   

"It's nothing.  I'm sure it's nothing," she repeated mentally.  Yet verbally she 
shouted, "What the hell are you two talking about?"  

It was Washu who'd be the first to speak, saying, "Nothing, just weighing the 
pros and cons of a threesome with Tenchi."  

To punctuate the outlandish statement, Washu flashed the most innocent of smiles 
at the now visibly irate bounty hunter.  Seething in her emotions, Nagi searched 
for a reason not to care.  After all, love was one of her feelings and she could 
control it... or so she'd like to believe.  It wasn't working though.  Nothing 
was coming out rationally in her mind.  Tenchi was hers and this big-brained 
twit wasn't going to take him.  

Just as she arrived at her anger breaking point, Washu began to laugh, as did 
everyone else.  One big joke, and here she was, the butt of it.  Embarrassed and 
without a reputation to make them all shut up, Nagi blushed angrily and stormed 
back towards her room, only to bump into her supposed lover who'd faded into 
place a split second prior.  She tried to dodge around him, but found his foot 
speed equal to, if not greater than, her own.  

"Move," she growled narrowing her eyes and peering up at him in utter contempt, 
yet emotionally trapped with him. 

"Sorry, can't do it," he said with his usual lighthearted tone, which only 
garnered more foul worded mumbling from the bounty huntress.  "I have to give 
you something first." 

Mildly intrigued, Nagi folded her arms over her chest and stood-in-wait as he 
stepped inside the evil red head's lab and retrieved a long, white box.  Upon 
his handing it to her, the only thing unusual about it in her mind was the 
stupid red bow and the weight.  Giving it a few shakes to see if it'd explode, 
she gave Tenchi her most intimidating stare and ripped the box open in a 
physical show of her anger.  

"You like it?  I had Washu order it for you the other day..." His voice faded 
into white noise in Nagi's ears after that.

Nagi didn't have anything to say.  Her popped eyes were only moving between his 
gift and his face.  In her hands sat something she didn't think she'd get a 
chance to hold in a long time or ever again in that house: a KX-686 energy whip, 
which came complete with energy projectile firing capabilities.  The elongated 
barrel from which the tendril extended was a light absorbing color of coal-
black, and the handle, which fit perfectly into either of her hands she noticed, 
a dull shade of red.  Again, she looked at him with surprise.  Moments before 
they'd been the sentimental fools, and now here she stood, fawning over a 
present from him.  Nagi's eyes met his again, reading from them the look of 
trust.  This was a sign that he really did trust her not to go back on her word 
and attempt to harm Ryoko... and it meant a lot to her.  

The side of her mind determined to never fully accept these new feelings tried 
to voice an opinion on why she shouldn't care if he trusted her or not.  But 
soon, it found itself beaten into submission by the feeling of relentless 
happiness and the true sense that she was cared for and loved.  By now, Tenchi 
was wondering if he'd gotten the wrong model or something, because she'd yet to 
respond with anything other than saucer-eyed staring.  Before he even assessed 
movement, Nagi flung herself like a missile at him, which toppled both of them 
to the floor in a thunderous heap.  

"Does this mean you like it?" he asked with a crooked smile, as her face was now 
lit up with a smile that seemed eerily reminiscent of Ryoko's.  Ignoring his 
question and kissing him without warning, Nagi began to pry at his clothing--
taking his T-shirt in a fell, ripping swipe, and quickly encroaching through his 
pants towards bare skin, she heard a cough.  

"You two do know that we can see you, right?"  Mihoshi asked, as everyone had 
long sense stood up and turned to face the hallway upon hearing the couple crash 
to the floor.

"No one's forcing you to watch."  Nagi said casually, looking up at the 
surrounding crowd briefly.  "So stay or leave, I don't care.  Just shut up."

"You may learn something."  Tenchi added from beneath her, as the crowd was 
slowly dispersing (and disappearing as was the case with Yugi) with looks of 
disbelief and intrigue.  All that invested attention soon focused in on Nagi as 
her hands finally unbuttoned his pants, allowing her to grab his beginning 
erection forcefully.

Her smile widened as he groaned becoming completely erect as soon as her fingers 
had closed around his phallus, which she responded to with saying, "I love it.  
Thank you." 

Words she'd never used with actual meaning, thank and you.  Sure, she said it to 
Sasami but it was more of a customary thing.  But now, it was the most sincere 
usage of it ever, and more than likely, he'd be the only one to ever hear it 
used with such sincerity again.  

"So, what did you buy today?"  Tenchi asked, trying to shimmy out of his 
underwear and pants even more eagerly.  Her sexually frenzied voice mumbled 
something that sounded like shoes and stretchable clothing.  The latter he 
figured was something spandex related, as she had an odd affinity for it and 
silk apparel.    

"Ah! Here we are, heh, heh."  Nagi chuckled with a devious smile; subconsciously 
salivating as she sat back against his thighs admiring the erection that pointed 
directly toward the ceiling.  "And now, the fun begins."  She maneuvered into 
position deftly, eyeing his rod with a tiger's focus and a sexual lunatic's 
perversion.  An experimental lick here.  An observatory sniff there.  And Nagi 
was pleased to find him neither rank nor foul in taste.  Soon, Tenchi let out a 
small groan as the cool air that swirled around his penis soon gave way to the 
warm, wet recesses of her mouth.  

"What about your no oral thing?" he asked between a clenched jaw, startled by 
his own chivalry.  Looking up at him, yet still sucking firmly against the head 
of his penis the bounty huntress smiled.  

"Noble till the end," she thought, pushing her face down on him until her nose 
barely touched his pelvis.  "And sweet to the base."  

Letting him slide from her mouth, she said, "I figured your patience 
deserved..." Nagi paused to give him a long suck.  "A reward."

That was the last query he had.  He leaned back into the sensation, as the 
seemingly experienced hunter put her mouth to work.  Minute after minute, she 
fought with his restraint like an unyielding monster and just when it looked 
like she'd have to stop via mouth fatigue, she heard him moan her name.  The 
spittle collected at the edges of her mouth, as the mass within her mouth began 
to twitch spastically.  Each time her head came up, the warm saliva turned cool, 
which put him through a hot and cold torture similar to the one Washu was fond 
of.     

"Nagi..."  

Oh, yes.  She was definitely breaking him down, as he was now the one moaning 
like the helpless prey.  A small victory, but she'd take what she could get from 
the man.  And as his hands came off the floor and tightened in her hair, it 
seemed as though she'd get a lot.  Nagi bobbed her head once, twice, and then 
three times to the very base of his shaft.  Her eyes watered due to the stress 
of taking him so far into her mouth, yet she ignored it and pressed on.  Each 
time running her tongue against the dimple between his balls and dick, which she 
found, made him moan loudly.  Nagi's eyes opened eventually and looked up at 
him, watching as his head rolled back and forth trying to derive as much from 
her mouth as possible.   

"Come on," she said, removing his penis from her mouth, giving a long lick to 
the aforementioned erogenous zone.  "You know you want to."  

Tenchi sat up slightly, only to collapse against the floor as she began to roll 
one of his testicles around inside of her mouth.  It felt so good, but his 
orgasm was so close.  His mind didn't know whether to yield or fight.  He was 
lost in the erotic torture of her fist pumping him whilst she actually began to 
suckle his entire scrotum, taking each testicle inside of her mouth, lavishing 
it with the softest of tongue strokes.  "Nagi... I'm...!"

"You're what," she interrupted, beginning to jerk his dick with an increased 
force.  "What is it that you're trying to tell me?"  

Her mouth engulfed him again, wet lips making lewd sounds in time with his 
garbled moaning and now, literal face-fucking efforts.  The bounty huntress 
relaxed her throat as his hips began to jerk forward into her mouth, sending a 
rush of excitement up her spine and through her pussy at what was soon to 
happen.  His heavy phallus began to pulse inside of her mouth more frequently, 
as she moaned in slight discomfort to the stress he was adding to her throat.  
Nagi felt it before he did; yet, he still called out his futile warning.   

"C... NNNNGH!"  Maybe not a warning, but it was the best he could do as his 
vision hazed with spots of color.

Tenchi's almost animal roar of elation set the bounty hunter's own privates on 
fire.  Her skin prickled with sweat as the first rope of semen collided with her 
throat.  Nagi shook with its force, continuously bobbing her head onto the 
spewing organ in her mouth but refusing to swallow.  She slicked him up with his 
sperm and her saliva after a while.  Coating his entire penis in both, then 
swirl her tongue in the mixture, savoring the odd taste.  Tenchi gave a faint 
moan, finally releasing her head, which began to move even deeper down his dick 
again.  She smiled around the dick between her teeth, noting it hadn't even 
begun to show signs of softening yet.  

"The wonders of youth," Nagi thought, grinding her tongue into the eye of his 
dick playfully.

Eyeing his damage, Tenchi found Nagi completely enthralled in her oral 
examination; swallowing bit by bit the mess of sperm he'd made.  A tingle raced 
through his body in time with the sounds of her swallowing his semen; a feat he 
never expected to see or feel, as her swallowing felt more like she was sucking 
him like a straw.     

"Oh, I... I... I think I should've gave you that three days ago," Tenchi sighed, 
letting his head thump back against the hardwood floor.  "Uh, you aren't going 
to go back to a... you know... no oral thing again, are you?"  Not exactly 
wanting to sound greedy, but he definitely wanted to experience her mouth again.

Nagi let his still erect penis fall partially from her lips, then stared him in 
the eye while sucking gently on the tip.  The sensitivity was incredible, but it 
was numb enough to prevent a sudden eruption.  

"Maybe," she said lasciviously, licking the residual sperm from the corners of 
her mouth.  "Unless something persuades me to do otherwise."  

Before Tenchi began to make his persuasive offer, another cough swayed their 
attention.  Washu and the man Nagi had currently blew into oblivion--Tenchi--
stood before the downed pair.  Washu stood there, noticeably flushed, as her 
Tenchi fondled her openly and appeared as though he'd fuck her right there if 
she'd let him.  Not only them though, the entire household--minus Ayeka, Yugi, 
and himself--were standing there in various stages of sexual distress.  Most had 
their mouths open in shock, while the males seemed more intent on experiencing 
similar with their odd smiles.

"I'd like to get into my lab before the day is out," Washu said, managing not to 
stutter as the Tenchi behind her toyed with her nipples through the sweater 
beneath her coat.  They'd seen the whole event no doubt, and without a single 
word, the Tenchi on the floor and Nagi faded away into their bedroom.  "Now you 
come with me!" she beamed, beginning to pull her own incarnation of the man 
toward the lab.  

Washu's Tenchi adhered, being easily drug along, all the while unzipping her 
waist length winter coat the rest of the way.  Once inside the lab, as soon as 
Washu turned to lock the door, Tenchi had pressed himself against her backside.  
The cotton pants did absolutely nothing to hide his meaning, which pressed 
firmly against her derriere, and to her enjoyment, ground into her.  Washu felt 
a tremor flow through her, feeling the heat from his hands as they began to pull 
her skirt up.  She had a feeling a skirt was in order for today, although it was 
cold out, and that feeling was indeed correct.    

"A little anxious today, aren't we?" Washu asked playfully, as Tenchi pulled her 
leggings down to her ankles, leaving her naked from the waist down.  

"Always," he replied, noting her ass was a mere few inches away from his face.    

Silence entered again, seeing Washu slowly push her butt away from the door, at 
which time she shrieked as his tongue eased into its familiar setting.  His 
hands were filled with her ass, holding the cheeks apart whilst he sensuously 
licked her slit, pausing only to thrust his tongue inside.  The scientist felt 
her knees shake as he ran his tongue toward her clit, tapping it once then 
moving back to her insides.  She fought to stay silent in attempts to make him 
stimulate her more, but the liquid heat she ran with every time his tongue 
battered her clitoris was proof enough that she was stimulated plenty.  

"Ugh," she grunted, as Tenchi slid one of his thumbs into her ass the way she'd 
told him to do it in previous engagements.  Pushing in and out, Washu bit her 
lip and pushed herself further onto his face and thumb.  "That bastard," she 
thought lamely, as he would pull his thumb back, force his tongue in, and 
alternate, which left Washu a soggy mess.  He admired the muscle beneath her 
creamy skin, kneading her ass forcefully--almost tissue massaging-like--and 
administering the briefest of slaps.  She yelped as the sting from his swat 
radiated through her sensitive flesh, making the pleasure of his tongue and 
thumb quadruple.  "Ah!" cried the scientist, rolling her hips seductively 
against his face in response to another swat on her rump.  Tenchi was careful to 
massage the area he'd smacked; insuring that he never left her flawless skin 
with any blemishes in response to any of his motions.   

"Tenchi... I... I need it," she panted as his fingertips tickled her ass.  Washu 
felt his tongue dance briefly against the side of her thumb-stretched anus and 
the scientist nearly fell as the contact made her convulse.  Earlier that week 
he'd done that for the first time and she'd come so hard that her lungs ached 
from screaming.  Her eyes began to roll aimlessly about her head as his tongue 
began to wiggle around inside of her pussy once more.  

"She's fighting the orgasms off well today," Tenchi thought bemused.  He smiled 
into her, beginning to suck atop her clitoris ever so gently making her squeal 
in near-orgasmic euphoria.  Washu pawed furiously on the subspace door in 
attempts to focus on something else... anything but that magnificent tongue.  
Unfortunately, there was nothing else.  His tongue was the beginning and the 
end, the alpha and the omega, if you will.  It was becoming difficult to keep 
his tongue in motion, as her screams and fatigue began to weigh heavily on him, 
making his dick twitch like a fish in death throws.  

"Please... Tenchi..." Washu's plea for fulfillment would be answered this time.  
His tongue had finally relented its "abusive" tirade, as Tenchi stood up to 
finish what he'd started.

"Let me just get this out of your way," his light voice was followed with the 
pleasurably slow removal of his thumb from her ass, and an almost orgasmic 
shiver within her.  Unfastening his pants, Tenchi saw Washu quickly disrobing of 
what little she had on as well.  

"And now the fun part begins," he whispered, pinning her to the door and sliding 
himself in to the root.  Washu's mouth hung slack, as though Tenchi taking her 
from behind was a startling thing.  Tenchi this acutely aggressive, however, is 
where the oddity in the situation lay.  The feeling caught up before that 
thought was even finished though, which left the scientist mind for nothing more 
than adjustment to his swollen phallic head forcing her insides apart.

"Yeees!  Oh!  Fuck!" she sounded off immediately, as his thrusts came in hard 
and short.  Tenchi held her hips tightly, fucking intensely right out of the 
gate much to her enjoyment.  Washu's voice cracked, feeling his fingers come 
around to massage her breasts.  At the same time, she felt his foot motioning 
her feet to spread wider, which they did, allowing for deep penetration.  

He squeezed her breasts lightly, rotating both breasts in their entirety and 
slowly massaging her distended nipples.  Lightheaded didn't describe her current 
state of elation, as his thrusts switched fluidly between shallow piston and 
deep grind.  Tenchi leaned forward, kissing her spine intermittently, making 
Washu shudder as even more of his body touched hers.  She was mildly aware of 
his fingers leaving her chest, moving down to grasp her hips to aid her thrusts 
back against him.     

"Oh, God! Teeeeenchi!" screamed Washu, as she rode an orgasm that seemed to 
swell and come in on her the instant he tugged her down his rod.  She whipped 
her head back and forth, as Tenchi didn't slowdown to let her ride the orgasm.  
Instead, he seemed to fuck for nothing less than putting his balls inside of 
her, as the swollen units banged mercilessly against her nether lips.  "Ah! Ah!  
SHIIIIT!"  Tenchi made a sound close to a primate's growl as he fucked her clear 
on into another climax.  Her back arched and fell like an ocean's waves; 
staccato fits of his name left her lips, all the while her nails dug minute 
carvings into her door.       

This wasn't like him--the overt aggression--the tiny part of her mind dedicated 
to thought managed.  Washu glanced over her shoulder at him.  His eyes were 
expectantly gold, but more so, he looked completely feral.  Something was 
definitely wrong, but at the rate he was going, the wealth of feelings from her 
vagina wouldn't let Washu free to diagnose him.  

"FUUUUUCK! Tenchi, Tenchi, AAAAAH!"  Her head snapped back, as Tenchi's dick 
sent her into a third orgasm.  Washu could barely breathe, as her frequent 
orgasmic spasms rendered her lungs almost useless.  But she liked it.  No, she 
loved every second of it.  Her knees bent into standing-squat of sorts, as her 
sweaty face rested against the cool wood of the subspace door.  "HARDER!  
YEEEEEAH!  Oh...!  Oh! NNNNNNNNNAAAAAGH!"  Washu demanded through her gritted 
teeth, as her insides clenched tightly in a new orgasm.  Tenchi's pace didn't 
seem effected in the slightest, though.  It simply held her orgasm in a plateau 
of pleasure that made her heart beat like a ceremonial drum.  To hell with 
diagnosing, she didn't want this to end.  

Tenchi had begun to snarl, pulling her further onto his tool by her shoulders, 
banging relentlessly into her tender flesh.  He knew in his own way that 
something wasn't right about his styling.  But every time he looked at what he 
could see of her lustfully contorted features, he hammered the woman again.    

"UH! WASHU! AAAH, AAAARRRGH!"  He groaned fiercely, nearly piercing her skin as 
his fingertips dug into her sensitive shoulders.  Tenchi held her there, stock 
still, with his cock buried in her to the root, trying to hold the orgasm back.  
He failed.  Finally gritting his teeth, slightly withdrawing, only to slam home 
one last time and spurt everything he had into Washu's greedy hole.  She tried 
to keep her senses, but the feel of his thick semen coating her insides was too 
much and she succumbed to another orgasm.  The intensity of their session was 
lost on Tenchi, who surprisingly, felt only slightly winded after the manic 
fuck.

Washu, on the other hand, felt faint, but still managed to arch back against his 
dick for more.  She got it, as he began to pump her throughout his orgasm.  He 
slid effortlessly in and out of her tight hole now; lubricated by his own sperm 
and her orgasmic liquids.  Scientific reasoning removed, Washu turned into a 
creature of sexual desire.  She thought not to question his stamina to climax 
and continue sexing her so powerfully without a pause.  She just took it.  

"Yeees!"  She hissed, as he began to thrust into her unquestionably swollen 
pussy again... 


Twenty minutes later, on the other side of the door... 

Ryoko and Tenchi sat on the couch in the same position and sedate afterglow of 
the sex they'd had about forty minutes ago.  They'd also bore witness to Nagi's 
oral gratifying of her lover, but they kept their emotions in check for the time 
being.  After Washu and her version of Tenchi had left under sexual 
circumstances, the couple on the couch listened to the sounds of Nagi's 
incessant sexual wails.  It was as though a machine fucked her; Tenchi on the 
couch figured and gradually felt.  

"God!  Harder you primitive bastard, fuck... me... AAAAAH!"

Ryoko glanced down at Tenchi, hearing her nemesis come for the umpteenth time.  
His face seemed to twist and contort with each sexual expenditure of his 
brethren, and Ryoko was counting on that shared feeling to make him to give her 
the same thing.  This waiting for him to make the first move thing was taking 
too long though, because the more Nagi ranted and raved throughout her orgasms, 
the more Ryoko wanted them for herself.  Coming to the decision she'd have to be 
the aggressor--again--she was shocked to see the television click off and Tenchi 
raising his head out of her lap.  A startled squeak passed her lips as he 
roughly picked her up and sat her on his lap.  He couldn't explain why that 
seemed like the thing to do.  Ryoko's disenchanted snorts every time he groaned 
probably had something to do with it.  

"Tenchi, is something..." her voice paused, immediately silenced by his kiss.  
He gently held her chin in his hand, controlling the tempo while tracing his 
tongue about in her mouth like it were his own.  Ryoko didn't fight it; she 
couldn't fight it.  Not when he used those long, gentle tongue strokes against 
her tongue and gums.  Tenchi's odd silence continued, as he slowly lowered her 
down on the couch, removing his light blue gi from the speechless ex-space 
pirate.  "Is something wrong?"  She blurted out, as he pulled away for air.  For 
a minute, Tenchi would stare at her with a blank face, almost as if he didn't 
hear the question.  

"You didn't want to?"  He asked, quirking his head in confusion, reminiscent of 
Ryo-Ohki in Ryoko's eyes.  

"Well, yeah... but," she fumbled.

"But what?" asked Tenchi in return. 

"Um..." it wasn't the most original way to stall, but it was all the former 
space pirate could muster. 

Ryoko couldn't help but notice his face even as he began to undo his pants; he 
looked almost as if he didn't want to do it.  As much as she desired him, the 
emotionless face he wore didn't really make her feel all that in the mood 
anymore.  Then he pulled out his erect penis, and Ryoko found her previous 
thinking altered... removed would be a better word.  He smiled at her blank 
expression, waiting for a yes or no answer.  Unconsciously, she reached toward 
his phallus and guided it toward her entrance only to stop when their skin met.  
Ryoko looked up, found his smiling face, and mirrored it.  That was more like 
it.  

"So, can I..." he let his statement drift, trying feebly to ignore the warmth 
emanating from her swollen vaginal lips.

"Don't and I'll be forced to ki... kick you."  Ryoko smiled widely, parting her 
legs even further in an eager anticipation.  

"Hmphf," the sound both made upon his complete sheathing inside of her.  Ryoko 
automatically draped her arms over his shoulders and lifted her legs back toward 
her chest for him, sighing earnestly now that his face was marred with his usual 
look of determination.  

"Heh, I knew that twenty-minute fluff-job wasn't it.  'MMM!'" Her thoughts 
turned into a surprised moan as Tenchi thrust with his legs.  They found their 
rhythm quickly; breathing evenly as he pushed himself into Ryoko's soft center, 
admiring how tight and yet gentle it held him.  Her nostrils flared, inhaling 
his sexual scent.  She lit up as it dawned on her for the umpteenth time that it 
was for her he smelled like that.  Tenchi felt her nails dig into his back, 
making him thrust harder and Ryoko's low moans turn into mild screams, echoing 
louder and louder, spurring him faster and faster.     

"F-F-Faster... UUUUAAAAH!"  Ryoko screamed, as Tenchi pushed himself as fast as 
he could between her deceptively muscular thighs.  Tenchi slowed for a moment, 
placing her legs against his shoulders between her arms.  He was hitting bottom 
now, Ryoko thought, beginning to scream upon each of his thrusts.  She tightened 
her grip on his dick intensely as it began to make a light sloshing sound 
plowing into her moistened juncture.  "Teeeeenchi!"  Her voice shrilled like 
Ayeka's, surprising Tenchi only enough to make him pause in a retrospective 
chuckle.  

"Careful, you may break the windows," he whispered wryly, nibbling her earlobe 
as she began to recover from the second fastest orgasm of her life.  Ryoko's 
face reddened as though she'd been on an all day sake binge, but she managed to 
smile.  He brought things to a slower pace for the silver-haired beauty then, 
letting her legs down and maneuvering enough to nip at her breasts.  She sighed 
at the contact; resisting the urge to lock Tenchi away and make sure that she 
alone would only be able to experience this with him.  Everything he did made 
her feel so good and so special until thoughts of him as a possession were hard 
to dismiss.  Enjoying the mid-fuck break, Ryoko slowly stroked the lines of his 
back.  

He moaned when one of her lithe fingers traced across a particular area, mainly 
when she encountered that stupid scar.  She remembered when Katsuhito had given 
it to him, vividly.  Tenchi was training shirtless with his light hawk sword in 
a clearing near the shrine, when all of a sudden the old man hopped out of the 
trees with the Tenchi-ken and sliced Tenchi's back open.  Ryoko was spying from 
the shadows, but the brazen assault, which cut Tenchi, sent her into a rampage.  
Tenchi caught her foot and explained that it was a training exercise just in 
time, because the old man had went too far in her eyes.  She relaxed-marginally-
-still despising how hard that bastard hit Tenchi with the stick-swords, and how 
he'd apparently decided to cut him for amusement.  

Afterward, he asked for a lift to the house as he was bleeding quite heavily.  
Ryoko frowned in the present, recalling that the scent of Tenchi's blood made 
her feel ill.  He'd openly draped his shirtless body on her that day.  Which was 
a big plus (and a factor in Katsuhito getting away without hearing a piece of 
her mind), as she flew almost exasperatingly slow to the house to indulge in the 
feeling.  She still didn't get why Tenchi told Washu to leave some trace 
reminder of what had happened.  Her mother complied, scarring that beautiful 
man's back... in Ryoko's mind.  

"Son of a bitch is lucky Tenchi likes him; because now that I have my jewels 
I'd," the venomous thought broke itself off as Ryoko pondered that.  Yes, there 
were happier things to think about; the past could stay there, the present was a 
happier place and she'd live in it.  Ryoko dug her nails into the side of the 
couch as Tenchi's lips closed around the jewel at her throat.  "The present is 
good," she whispered, cupping his head to keep atop the sensitive power point.  
"Really good."                         

The jewels, they (Washu, Tenchi, and Ryoko) had found, were responsible for 
regulating her senses.  Sure, she could taste, feel, smell, hear, and see 
before.  But with the jewels present, her senses intensified.  Sasami's food 
tasted better; birds songs sounded more beautifully; Tenchi smelled more 
amazing, looked better, and her toes were actually curling he felt so good 
inside of her.  Beyond her powers, they were sensory amplifiers that picked up 
the slack for Washu's incomplete genetic engineering Tenchi had deducted.   

With that in mind, Ryoko was also stunned at how little sex she could handle 
now.  After their first night in the cave, it could be an all night affair with 
only slight discomfort.  But with the jewels, things began to swell up and hurt 
dramatically when they tried all night marathons.  Tenchi had the solution 
though, and that was simply to slowdown.  He'd slow to a few thrusts--as he was 
now--to let her body adjust.  Then he'd start all over again.  

"I think I'm ready now, Tenchi." Ryoko said hazily, from beneath her lidded 
eyes.  His hips moved down and with a little ingenuity; hers came up against him 
much the same way.  With a broad grin on her face, Ryoko embarked on another day 
of sex... heightened sex that was partially owed to Nagi, whose presence had 
caused the return of the ex-space pirate's long forgotten jewels.        


Twenty-three minutes later, at the Masaki Family Shrine...

As time had turned into nothing more than a word, the distinct passion driven 
grunts and moans of two other couples melded in with the first three.  Of 
course, dimensional barriers and thirty or so miles prevented Washu, Mihoshi, 
Kiyone and their Tenchi from being heard.  However, no such commodities were 
granted to Ryoko, Sasami-Tsunami, or Nagi not that any of them cared.  Worlds 
began at the apex of dicks and ended at the depths of vaginas.  Maybe if it 
weren't for such behavior Washu, or at the very least Kiyone, would've noticed 
the tree-ship circling Jupiter and closing in on their position.  Of course, 
none of them did. 

Fortunately, the couple on the mountainside had better control of their physical 
urges.  Yugi had long since finished discussing the issues of childbirth and 
preparations to add a nursery to the shrine with Yosho, whom sat along beside 
her now in a deep meditation.  The act was supposed to clear one's mind, yet 
Yugi had only found hers clouded with images she didn't like.  And 
unfortunately, that image drew closer. 

"Yosho," she said evenly.  

"Yes?" he replied equally so.

"Your father is heading towards the Earth," she said dryly, with her eyes still 
firmly shut.  "You did tell him I was here, right?  Because I'd hate to have to 
destroy this planet because he can't let go of the past."

The visually young prince opened his right eye then, letting it befall the dark 
violet-haired woman beside him.  He knew he'd put off the call home since they'd 
become intimate a few months ago, and that in fact, his father didn't know of 
the once "demon" being present there.  If it were simply Yosho on the planet 
with her, it'd be fine.  But Ayeka and Sasami were there, so Azusa was going to 
have a monumental fit about it.  

"Actually, I've been meaning to see Washu about that," he paused, noticing the 
positive vibe around Yugi grow dark and upset. 

"I'm not letting them put me in one of those things again!  Two thousand years 
in the dark... with the bugs... crawling... biting me..." She nearly vomited at 
the thought, and it took everything within her power not to.

Reacting out of instinct, Yosho put his arm around her shoulders before she sank 
back into that corner of her mind that wanted revenge.  It took a moment, but 
the ancient entity leaned into his embrace, slightly shuddering as the comfort 
slowly lulled her back to normal again.  Though she couldn't tell by his outward 
appearance, Yugi could sense a great deal of anger flowing through Yosho over 
her previous ordeal.  

"Do what you have to," Yosho said as plainly as he could.  "But if it comes down 
to it..."

She waited to hear his decision, which turned into a muted gasp as she realized 
the extra strength in his hug was used to convey his support in whatever 
decision she made.  It was almost an incentive enough for her to blow the ship 
up now, but that would eternally seal her fate as a heartless monster.  That 
meant wasting the second chance that Tenchi had granted her, which would lead to 
another showdown with him.  And though her powers appeared greater than his, 
experience taught her not to take Tenchi's lightly, especially when provoked.  
And killing his little girlfriends' father could very well spell her own death, 
Sakuya face and all.  

"Thank you, but I don't think it'll come to all of that." she said, deciding it 
better to risk reasoning with Azusa than dealing with Tenchi in battle-mode.  
"He probably won't even recognize me like this."  Taking into consideration her 
physical appearance, Yosho determined she was more than likely right. 

"When do you think they'll arrive?" he asked, trying to gauge how long he had to 
prepare to ward off his father's insistent attempts to have him, the eldest son-
-Azusa's only son--take the throne.

"At their current speed, I'd say sometime tomorrow morning or noon at the 
latest." Yugi answered rather curtly, noticing a familiar tint to her lover's 
plum shaded eyes.  "Which reminds me, how exactly are you going to tell them 
about the baby?"

The masked sexual longing drained, as he considered that.  Tenchi was despised 
for being an Earthling, so who knew how his father would react to him conceiving 
a child with the biggest threat to Jurai's safety in history.  It wasn't as if 
his opinions mattered that much, or at all for that matter, to him.  But still, 
he didn't like the uncomfortable feeling edging into his stomach.  Funaho would 
take it easy, he thought after a while.  But she'd probably be poised to blow a 
fuse since he hadn't called as he'd promised; still, the funny feeling edged in 
closer.  

Maybe the feeling had nothing to do with him.  Perhaps it was the knowledge of 
his grandson's decision making that had Yosho so off-center about his parents' 
arrival.  Yes, that had to be it.  The unforeseen threat Azusa posed upon 
realizing that Tenchi had not only 'defiled' one of his precious daughters, but 
both, was going to be one hell of a headache.  Yosho went to tweak his mustache, 
before he realized it was no longer there.  He had to be sure he was there to 
defuse any violence that may happen between Tenchi and his father, because the 
stubborn emperor didn't know of his great grandson's incredible power or his 
focused ability to use it.  

And as much pleasure as he'd derive out of seeing Tenchi beat Azusa, Yosho knew 
that his grandson wouldn't hesitate to kill the other man if he attempted to 
remove either of his daughters from that countryside.  Of course, there'd be a 
bigger picture to killing Azusa, but Tenchi wouldn't see that.  He'd see it as 
someone trying to remove one of the few family members he had left; thus, there 
would be no concern for anyone else.  Yes, he'd taught the boy well.  In some 
instances, too well.  The scar running over his chest was a prime example of how 
literal Tenchi took to protecting what was his.  

As Yosho recalled, it only took the mere suggesting of someone harming one of 
the girls to turn a simple training exercise into a life and death battle, the 
first he'd lost to his grandson.  Tenchi was slacking and the proposed 
situation's encouragement meaning was completely missed.  Instead, it turned 
into an unleashing of power that truly showed the old warrior that his time had 
passed.  Tenchi--recovering from the wound on his back at the time--had struck 
for the heart immediately with no signs of injury or remorse.  The young prince 
grimaced in the present, remembering how effortlessly Tenchi had extinguished 
the Tenchi-ken's blade.  Yes, he attempted to block the erratic swing, but he'd 
underestimated Tenchi's development, and even at full power, Tenchi cut through 
his defenses and his flesh as though they were nothing.  

He'd cut back on the lessons then, as Tenchi's precise behavior following the 
near fatal exercise dictated that he knew exactly what he was doing, and simply 
because there was no further he could take Tenchi in terms of power.  He'd 
nearly cut his own grandfather's heart in half as a warning.  To lose them was 
not an option or even to be subject for inspiration.  It was a warning Yosho 
took to heart, both literally and figuratively, as he absent-mindedly scratched 
the scar running from his left collarbone to his left hip.  The cut started 
pencil then, yet bloomed into a wide trench above the rapidly beating muscle, 
only to thin out again over his abdominal muscles. 

There was more to this though, as now Tenchi had proved his worth in ascending 
to the throne of Jurai.  The strongest members of the family were to take the 
crown, and for a time, Yosho was that family member.  Alas, Tenchi now had that 
load to bear, because his power surpassed Azusa's and though the emperor wanted 
his son to succeed him, the grumpy emperor was at his pinnacle of power.  It 
wasn't the easiest pill in the world for the ex-warrior to accept, but Tenchi 
must've been taking it easy on him after a point.  However, scanning Tenchi's 
secondary reaction to the blow revealed that he was just as surprised as he was 
upset.  Twenty-two years he'd tried to hit his grandpa, and in an instant, he'd 
done it.  So, maybe it wasn't as much plan as it was luck (in Tenchi's mind).  
The few lessons afterward showed a more arrogant Tenchi, who held his one 
defining blow as his crowning glory in his swordplay career.

"I'll think of something," he said rather cryptically after his long moment of 
reflection.  With that said, Yosho and Yugi sat in peaceful silence for the next 
few hours, watching the dusk snowfall turn into nighttime flurries.  "Ah!"  The 
Shinto Priest's brief cry was weighed heavily down by the now playful Yugi's 
laughter, as seeing her snowball completely blindsiding Mr. On-Guard at All 
Times, made her almost roll in laughter.  It was times like these that she 
really, really liked her powers.  Watching him stand in the dimly lit room, 
another idea occurred to the chipper spirited woman.  

Shaking the collar of his gi free of the loose snow, Yosho said, "Young lady, 
it's not nice to throw things at your elders."

"Oh come off it," she said in playful reply.  "You're only three or four hundred 
years older than I am.  Besides..."

He caught the smile and returned it, equally enjoying her shift in moods as much 
as she did.  "Besides what?"

"Besides, I'm sick of sitting inside all day," she removed her red sweater in a 
single motion, walked over to the door, slid it open, and stepped into the 
frigid night air.  "I want to go to the hot spring.  So, I'll see you later."

He watched her reach behind herself to unfasten her equally red bra.  Unable to 
control himself, Yosho stood and took a step toward the open door only to be 
blown down by a stiff gust of wind that came at her summon.  Yugi faded away 
with an omnipresent giggle then, which he couldn't help but smile at.  Over 
eight millennia old, and still she wouldn't stop the practical jokes.  

"What is it with you and the cold?" he thought jokingly, making his way to the 
linen closet to collect them some towels and robes.  "You know, just because you 
can't feel the cold doesn't mean the rest of us can't."  He knew she heard him, 
as the shrine seemingly melted on all sides, and left him standing before Yugi's 
naked body in waist-deep hot water.

"And here I thought you liked spending time with me," she said with a fraudulent 
pout.  "I just find the cold... stimulating, that's all."

"Stimulating," Yosho repeated with a small smile while beginning to undress 
himself.  "Would this be the same "stimulation" from a couple of months ago?"  
He watched her flush, using peripheral vision to admire her breasts and the 
light-blue tuft of hair just below the surface of the water.   

Yugi smiled in remembrance, tracing her fingers idly over the ridges of her 
stomach, noticing it had yet to show any signs of the life within it.  By now, 
her lover had submersed in the same pool of naturally heated water, and if she 
got her way, things would get a lot hotter before they got cooler.  He treaded 
to a stop behind her.

"Maybe," she answered, allowing herself to be turned.  She let out a rather 
contorted sigh, as she sank on his engorged unit.    

"Maybe," he repeated beginning to kiss her neck, coming up to lightly lick an 
extremely erogenous area behind her left ear.  "Are you sure that it's just 
maybe?"  She bit her lip to resist, but the erotic nibbling mixed with the 
rapidly stiffening penis that throbbed inside of her slit broke her.     

"N... No.  Y-Yes... shut up," she said, as her hips rose and sank.  Her arms 
crossed behind his neck, slowly lolled into an orgasm that never failed to come.  
And to think if it weren't for Sasami, she would've never had the guts to think 
about something like this.  

She'd confided in her only friend about her trips to the shrine and about her 
past with the prince a few months ago during Tenchi's trip into the unconscious.  
The idea of sex never entered the equation until Yosho had revealed his true 
self, or more accurately, until she wandered off and found him training without 
the visage of Katsuhito.  From there, the discussion with Sasami about what 
Tenchi and that Nagi person were doing, and was it as good as they made it seem.  
Yugi regretted the almost immediate interrogation of her friend after such a 
painful event, but her body wouldn't stop this weird tingling, and she had to 
know if that would make it stop.

"You're horny," Sasami had told her flat out with a strained smile.  "Anyway, 
the only way to stop the feeling is to stay away from Yosho, ignore it, or 
become intimate with him.  Then again, you could always get rid of it yourself."

The word intimate appearing in the same sentence with Yosho got the biggest, 
squishiest reaction out of her.  Sasami was nothing short of encouraging about 
that choice, but she didn't tell her how exactly to get him to go along with it.  
She hadn't kissed him yet.  And if she couldn't do something that simple, how 
was she going to get him naked?  The same way she did moments prior, only he was 
the one in the spring and she was the one who boldly hopped in the water.  

It worked better than the scheme for world domination, but it was a little 
surprising how easily he yielded to her desires... then again, he was sexually 
deprived for the greater part of seventy or more years.  Afterward, they'd 
discussed the [happier] past and fell into a sort of immediate familiarity with 
one another.  It didn't even feel weird being around him so frequently after 
such a bold show of affection, which only made the absorbent amount of time they 
spent together that much more hospitable.

"Is something troubling you?" Yosho asked, noticing her clouded eyes seemed to 
be as deep in thought as they were in his motions.  

"N... N... No," she fumbled, as the feelings his rhythm brought hit her all at 
once.  "Just... thinking about how lucky I am, that's all."  This appeased his 
curiosity, allowing him to return to the gentle rhythm that she enjoyed.  


Across town a few hours later...

Midnight, and Mihoshi and Tenchi were still going.  They'd been mildly pawing at 
each other since watching the lewd sexual demonstration provided by Nagi.  
Tenchi had been growing increasingly aroused by the agonizing second, which was 
further stimulated as he noticed the skin tight ski pants Mihoshi was wearing.  
In his lewd way, Tenchi had crept up to the blonde and suggested they leave... 
but she wanted to finish watching.  He agreed, slowly tracing his hands over the 
contours of her heart-shaped behind, inner thighs, and when she was absolutely 
sure no one was looking, he'd deftly run his hands over her breasts.  

She was raggedly panting by the time Nagi finished; Tenchi was eagerly kissing 
her by the time Washu's lab door had closed; and they both were groping 
furiously at each other by the time they reached the women's bath.  Her toned 
legs held him snuggly, as Tenchi pinned her to the wall beside the portal door, 
treating her nipples to the best suck ever.  Mihoshi whimpered delicately, as 
his teeth sank into the skin behind her lift nipple, while he idly rubbed his 
thumb across the other.  

"I'm telling you, no one will be in here this time!"  Kiyone had said with deft 
certainty.  Mihoshi's eyes shot open, barely focusing due to the steam and the 
orgasm that was seconds away.  

"You were saying," said a rather un-surprised Tenchi.  It was with a surprise 
that the Tenchi, whom Mihoshi rode, stepped back and lowered her topless body 
from the wall.  She was going to suggest leaving anyway, because Kiyone looked 
rather crestfallen for whatever reason.  

"Enjoy yourselves... and try not to drown." Tenchi called back to himself and 
Kiyone, following Mihoshi into the long-since opened portal.   

The moment the gateway sealed behind them, they were on each other.  Kissing 
this, rubbing that, Mihoshi was dizzy enough from the random bursts of light 
inside of the dimensional rift.  But Tenchi was there... hard and pressing 
against her lower back, having spun her around at some point.  "R-r-r-right 
there!  Mmmm!  Yeees!" she'd screamed, as he sank his right hand into her pants 
and began to stroke her clit with the tips of his fingers.  Mihoshi's thighs 
opened and closed of their own accord, as their owner had to hold onto the back 
of Tenchi's neck to prevent tipping over.  

"Forgot to wear panties again?" he'd jokingly ask, while nipping at the pointy 
apex of her ear.  Mihoshi felt her face flush darker, as he insistently rubbed 
her clitoris back and forth.  

"I... Oooh... Uh... No... Didn't want panty lines," she'd finally managed to 
say, as his middle finger arched upward inside of her.  Mihoshi squealed into a 
miniature orgasm, smashing her thighs together tightly.  Tenchi smirked behind 
her, slightly wiggling the appendage between her tight walls.  He brought his 
left hand to her left breast then, nudging her out of the portal by slightly 
tugging her nipple in the direction of her kitchen at the far end of the tunnel.  

She faintly recalled him kissing her neck after that, yet how she ended up with 
her legs in the air on the kitchen floor was a mystery lost in a sea of mind-
altering orgasms.  He'd bent and twisted her body into every position imaginable 
in the (unrealized) nearly seven-hour sexual marathon, having his own orgasms 
throughout, yet barely pausing in-between.    

No rhyme or reason; it was as if Tenchi had fell into a well of sexual 
insatiability.  True enough, watching Nagi had visibly gotten everyone in a 
state of sexual frenzy, but this was almost ridiculous.  Mihoshi was thankful 
for her stored up sick days, because she had a feeling she wasn't going to make 
it into work after this was over.  Hell, she wasn't sure walking would totally 
be doable the way her insides cramped every so often.

Mihoshi moaned in a fatigued bliss, as Tenchi slowly caressed her sweat-slicked 
breasts.  The kneading, plus the way he sawed in and out between her legs left 
the detective breathless... and on the brink of another orgasm.  Tenchi lowered 
his mouth to her chest then, sensing he had her, and began to suckle her lust-
darkened nipples.  The sensitive nubs betrayed her, as she sucked in a noisy 
mouthful of air. 

"More," she sighed, as he complied and rotated his teeth gently over the hard 
tips.     

Mihoshi whimpered cutely, whilst her pussy throbbed in unison with his nips at 
the sensitive flesh.  Tenchi ignored her frustrated tugs at his hair, taking 
ample time to lavish the entire surface of her right breast with his tongue.  
Mingling with her sweat, Tenchi found Mihoshi's breast tasted rather sweet and 
as so, opened his mouth a bit further and took her aureole in with her nipple.  
She shrieked in earnest, panting desperately as the suction was making her come 
to that edge again. 

She rolled her hips against him, moaning each time her swollen clit rubbed 
against his pelvis deriving just enough pleasure to keep her sane.  The slight 
rock in her hips made her lubricated walls slide around his shaft the way her 
mouth usually did, causing Tenchi to groan his garbled pleasure into the nipple 
between his teeth.  He thrust in response to her motions suddenly, sweeping his 
hips in wide circles to heighten their arousal, which it did.    

"Fast... faster, Tenchi!" she commanded, as loudly as her raw throat would 
allow.  Her legs encircled him then, as he put his weary hands on the floor 
beside her and began to thrust harder.  Sweat ran down his body, dripping 
profusely from his loose-flowing hair onto Mihoshi's equally soaked body.  The 
urge wouldn't let him stop though.  He'd came more times than he ever imagined, 
but he just couldn't stop himself.  "Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!"  The detective began 
to chant, as she watched the sweaty man above her soon grab her hips and begin 
to pound away at her.  

It wasn't going to last much longer at this rate.  The way her breasts swayed; 
the cute way her nostrils flared; the way her insides felt; they were all 
bringing Tenchi to another climax.  "Tenchi!  Do it... come... on!  EEEEEEEEK!"  
Mihoshi's body went stiff and her insides slammed painfully tight, as her 
euphoric longing's reward was an orgasm so utterly complete that it made her 
stomach ache.  

Tenchi's quest for a similar release continued.  He grunted much like the 
primitive that Nagi had once described him as, while Mihoshi's legs pulled for 
him to stay inside of her.  His efforts redoubled, and wet flesh began to sound 
again.  

"TENCHI!"  Mihoshi gasped, as the heightened frenzy linked her with another 
orgasm, causing her legs to trap him, which caused his humping form to collapse 
on top of her.  The detective gripped the back of his head, unconsciously 
thrusting her hips to meet his, and as her final orgasm began, the iron claw-
like grasp she took of his right ass cheek did him in.

"MIHOSHIIIIII... AH!  AH! Uuuuh!" he drawled, as his final thrusts came in 
short, uncoordinated bursts.  They both twitched as he explosively delivered 
what little contents his aching balls held deep within the shuddering woman's 
frame.  A cold chill ran up her spine, as she lay there filled with his heated 
loads of past and drizzles of the present.    

The exhausted couple lay where they finished, gasping to replenish their 
exhausted air supplies, and Mihoshi rubbing his back with a sated smile.  Tenchi 
could only kiss her shoulder from his position, shivering at the intense 
aftershocks of such a day of powerful orgasms.  He couldn't even take his weight 
off of her; his body was that drained.  Mihoshi's random sighs worked as beacons 
to inform him of her comfort levels, which given their even tones, he took as a 
sign he didn't need to move immediately.  

"How... do you... feel?" he asked, still breathless after a few moments. 

Mihoshi moaned, feeling his surprisingly erect penis shift inside of her, and 
said, "Full... really full."

The way her voice sounded made Tenchi push himself up--though slowly--to see if 
that was a good thing.  He smiled finding Mihoshi's big, blue eyes glazed and 
her face a deep red with a small smile.  

"Full, huh?  I guess I should," his statement paused midway as she winced.  
"What?"

She flushed an even brighter red, as she said, "I think it's stuck."  

"Are you sure, I mean is that even possible?"  Without thinking, he again tried 
to withdraw, this time garnering an obviously painful outcry from Mihoshi.  
"Sorry!"

"It's okay, just wait until you... deflate... and then try." Mihoshi said shyly, 
feeling oddly embarrassed by reffering to his erection in any way.  However, 
there was one small (or large depending on viewpoint) problem that she 
overlooked.

"Uh, I'm not 'inflated'," he said simply, noticing his own abnormal largeness in 
placid mode.  Tenchi looked at Mihoshi--who obviously was looking to him for 
some solution--then with a thought of genius, he teleported to the bedroom.  
"Well that was an amazing failure," he stated, noticing she was still attached 
and smiling all the more dreamily at him.  

"*Yawn* Let's just go to sleep," Mihoshi finally said, already snuggling back 
into the large comforter beneath her, as the true nature of what she'd endured 
began to show it's aftermath.  "It's a little different, but I think I can... 
man... age..." 

He couldn't stop the smile that pulled at his lips watching her doze off in such 
a predicament.  Being as careful as possible, Tenchi reversed their positions 
until her lithe frame rested atop him.  Mihoshi gave a brief mumble before 
rubbing her cheek against his chest and letting loose a minute snore.  After 
awhile, Tenchi's adrenaline and sexual endorphins died down, leaving him 
frighteningly weak.  

"A few hours," he said slowly, "and then I'll be as good as new."

With that said, an even larger snore soon echoed throughout the once sexually 
charged apartment, as Tenchi completely passed out. 


In the women's bath at the Masaki Home 40 minutes later...

What had began as another ruined attempt at bath sex, had finally been hers 
thanks to Tenchi and Mihoshi leaving.  It'd been a fantasy of hers to have sex 
in a zero gravity environment since she boarded her first cruiser at the Galaxy 
Police Training Academy.  But like most everything in her life back then, it had 
to take a backseat to proper conduct, rules and regulations... lack of anyone 
worth breaking such rules for, and the like.  Enter Tenchi and their 
relationship.  Now she had both the means and phallus by which to fulfill this 
longstanding dream.  

The bath was only a substitute though, as the water would serve to simulate 
weightless sex.  It hadn't worked as well as Kiyone would've liked though.  
Their buoyancy became that of a brick when they'd tried to make love in the 
deeper water.  Still, her expectations and desire to try sex in space were no 
different.  However, there was something missing from her equation to get into 
space though and that was her fear in asking.   

She'd fucked him the first day they'd become official, which was totally 
uncharacteristic for her even if it were Tenchi.  So, now the mere idea of 
asking him to make love to her aboard the Yagami had the teal-haired woman 
petrified.  He probably thought that she was some sort of brazen slut as it 
were, but who knew the disastrous outcome of taking her perversions far enough 
to request sex in outer space.  Rationally, Kiyone knew these things were false 
or, at the very least, hoped they were.  Tenchi wouldn't think any less of her 
for displaying a few kinky twinges in her personality.  After all, this same guy 
had held his breath for over four minutes underwater licking her clitoris into a 
swollen center for a double orgasm whammy to make up for the botched experiment 
in aquatic lovemaking.

Currently, the couple resided on one of the shallow ends of the bath.  Unlike 
Mihoshi before her, Kiyone had requested intervals between the rampant outbursts 
of sex.  This didn't mean she wasn't tired or a little tender around the edges, 
it simply meant the time between when she'd need the icepack and her last orgasm 
were delayed for a little while longer.  In the meantime, Kiyone sat comfortably 
astride her boyfriend's lap with a grin of amicable satisfaction.  

It was a little odd to have her breasts continuously toyed with or to realize 
something was inside of her every few minutes, only to remember it was Tenchi 
who slowly tweaked her nipples and filled that mystery space.  

"You know, I still don't believe you're hard after all of that," Kiyone said in 
false dramatization, leaning back against his chest a bit further.  "Quite 
surprising when you think of how long we've been in here."

Tenchi gave the statements little thought, contenting himself to nose around the 
ticklish spot behind her neck.  "Considering I'm inside of my fantasy woman's 
remarkable vaginal opening," he paused as Kiyone groaned and put her hand in 
front of her face in embarrassment.  "I'm not the least bit surprised.  The fact 
I'm not shooting off all over the place is what's got me shocked."

"You're about as subtle as a gunshot at midnight, you know that," she said 
through a brief giggle fit, which she tried poorly to stop.  "Mmmm!" she moaned 
suddenly, as the entity within stirred slightly.  

"And here I thought you liked my bluntness," he whispered, nudging his hips 
upward enough to poorly allude to his underlying meaning.  

"I like it," she whispered, matching his lust, and gyrating her hips and insides 
to grip the base of his shaft.  "A lot."

He slowly began to thrust in time with her gentle motions, trailing heated 
kisses across her shoulders.  Kiyone craned her neck left to seek his mouth 
then, aiding in the massaging of his rough hands into her delicate breasts.  
Their lips soon met in a gentle union, melding of heat and desire, adding that 
much more intensity to the heightened fire in their thrusting bodies.  Kiyone 
continued to raise and lower her hips against him, realizing in the slightest 
that Tenchi's right hand was leaving her breast and creeping below the surface 
of the water.  She laughed giddily within her throat in tune with the brief 
tickle he admonished to her stomach before delving lower.   

"Uh... that's... very interesting..." Kiyone gave up trying to describe her 
ecstasy, as the light massaging of her clitoris turned a bit forceful.  He held 
her clitoris down against his dick, using the friction of his thrusts in a way 
she'd never experienced.  Kiyone jerked violently, as it rubbed over the 
throbbing vein in his shaft's underside, and "GAAAAAH!"  She came hard and 
shrilled her pleasure for no one but Tenchi... and those subspace mites that 
Washu had told him about.   

Tenchi smiled (full of himself) watching her fists pound the water.  Slowly her 
guttural screaming turned into a faint groan and a wicked case of orgasmic 
lightheadedness.  Kiyone rested perfectly still, knowing that the smiling goof 
behind her seemingly got off on watching her get off.  

"And probably cause he can make me get off so fast, too," she thought, trying to 
catch her breath in the humid pocket-dimension.  

"They never suspect the quiet ones... sheesh, I think I might be deaf," Tenchi 
chided, which eventually turned into an unsuppressed laugh.  Kiyone jerked her 
head to the right, smiling defiantly as she heard her wet hair smash into his 
face with a pleasing splat.  "Funny, funny. " He said, removing her hair from 
his eyes.  Tenchi was mildly aware of Kiyone's leaning forward into the water, 
but he had no idea why.

"Now, let's see if we can make you scream, Mr. Masaki," she said with unmasked 
heat.  Her hips lifted--barely disturbing the water's surface--and sank down his 
shaft, enveloping him completely.  

"WE-We'll see," Tenchi said, taking a brief moment to correct the high E he 
emitted as a result of her bold ministrations.  Despite the friction of the 
water, Kiyone seemed to move through it unhindered in Tenchi's clouded mind.  
She, on the other hand, loved every second of his poorly concealed groans, 
grunts, and or brief whimpers to her affections.  Ah, but this was a "sword" 
that cut both ways, seeing as the expedient pace was taking it's toll on Kiyone.  

"C-c-come on, Tenchi," Kiyone said relinquishing a mild moan, thrusting her hips 
down against him even faster.  Tenchi refused to yield though, choosing to push 
his defiance further into her.  "Mmmm! Nmmm! No f-f-fair... you... cheater..." 
She actually whined, finding her will to resist waning in response to his 
thrusting.   

Leaning forward against her back, Tenchi said, "So, should I stop then?"

"Y... Y... You better... not!"  With her warning established, Kiyone moaned 
deeply feeling his forearms encompass her waist, while he began to pull her 
against him boning jarringly hard.  As he guided them both towards that 
fantastic place, Kiyone couldn't help but feel a little disappointed for giving 
up so easily.  Even staring at her distorted reflection in the hot water, there 
was relatively nothing she could do to win against such a feeling... or was 
there?  "W-W-What does this do for you?"

"AAAAAH!"  They both screamed in simultaneous orgasm.  

Tenchi exploded violently within her, burying his screaming mouth into her back.  
She'd barely touched his scrotum, yet it set off a maelstrom like ejaculation 
for him and the resulting sperm shower within her womb did what little work it 
took to bring Kiyone along for the ride.  The couple shook, feeling of pure 
satisfaction, and extremely drained heaven.  Tenchi used what little strength he 
had to keep his firm grasp on her and not let her wilting frame fall face long 
into the water.  

"Oooh... I... think Nagi may be on to something about these," Kiyone breathed 
out, delicately running an idle hand over the bulbous sack that protruded just 
below her slightly spread legs.  Tenchi's response was a low growl, which sent 
an electric tingle through her system.  The Galaxy Police officer giggled, 
feeling him shudder against her back as she continued to toy with his slowly 
deflating balls.  

As the minutes clicked on and they caught their breaths, Kiyone watched his 
penis slip out of her depths for the first time in hours, slightly clouding the 
water as her uncorked insides leaked with his essence.  "Oh no you don't," the 
detective mumbled, shutting her thighs to further enjoy that squishy feeling 
inside of her.

"You say something," Tenchi groggily asked more than stated.  

"Yeah, I love you," Kiyone said over her shoulder, noticing he was rapidly 
falling asleep... armpit high in the water no less.

"Love you too, Kiyone," he said, pulling them back against the bath's wall and 
dozing.  Taking the hint, she dismounted and took a seat alongside him.  Tenchi 
lifted his arm, startling Kiyone with his being awake.  "I mean it.  I do love 
you."  

Taking his offer, she scooted in under his arm.  

"I know," she whispered.  "I know."   

And with that, they both fell asleep beneath their warm water blanket.


An hour and thirteen minutes later, inside of a hybrid deity's room...

Things weren't gentle nor were they exceptionally quiet.  As the goddess and the 
sexually adventurous young woman usually dictated, things were at a frantic 
pace.  The best term to describe it: Burst Sex.  Twenty minutes of knock down, 
drag out sexual hijinks, followed by an intermission of rest.  The rest was 
mainly for Tenchi, who, between the sexual needs of two women, (both of whom 
seemed like complete polar sexual personalities) needed it.  

Sasami preferred the faster of his treatment, not caring about the trip to the 
mountaintop just so long as she got there quickly.  Tsunami, on the other hand, 
preferred the harder, slower of his doings; she truly seemed to savor every 
little thing that he did to them.  Now, with all of their opposites and 
contradicting lovemaking needs established, Sasami and Tsunami were in agreement 
about one thing: They liked sex.  

Tenchi hadn't seen a clock since he'd come in to the room, but he could tell by 
the sluggish response of his body that they'd been going at it for hours.  
Still, like with the others, there was something in himself driving him to go 
on.  At first, it was all dismissed under the guise of the Nagi incident but it 
had become clear that it wasn't just her actions that'd gotten him all riled up.  
Of course, this was as far as his theory got, because it usually reset after one 
of the mind-blanking orgasms he achieved with them.  

The Sexual Duo, meanwhile, were on a cloud of sexual high that most would never 
attain.  One body with the twice the feeling.  One woman's orgasm feeding the 
other's in some kind of never-ending loop of sexual gratification.  It was 
almost surreal for Sasami the person.  This was better than anything she'd ever 
discussed with Ayeka or her mother.  Things were good--according to Misaki--if 
you got two orgasms out of your lover.  Sasami had lost count after ten... and 
most of her ability to communicate beyond screams for more or mindless 
caterwauling.

They'd been in every position that Tenchi had ever seemingly seen.  Which were 
quite numerous, and it was with an orgasm that bent their brass headboard into a 
hunk of twisted metal that they realized one position had to be duplicated 
again.  Tenchi had placed his feet flat on the bed, literally squatting to 
remain sheathed within them, and used his angle, gravity, and leg strength to 
fuck them into a galaxy-destroying climax.  His calves hurt from the position, 
but it allowed him to pace things.  So, he just held them like that--face down 
in the sheets--hammering into them from behind and above. 

The penetration was deep--almost to the brink of being painful--yet his dick 
pressed firmly against some spot that was nothing short of an instant orgasm.  
Even throughout their orgasms, he continued to plow into them.  Unable to hold 
his weight fully after awhile, the added pressure felt so good until Sasami had 
actually passed out from the sensory overload.  Tsunami herself would've 
followed suit, but his ensuing torrent of sperm and spasm-laden unit kept her 
from shutting down totally.  Once he'd given everything he had and the screaming 
had all ceased, they collapsed in a sweaty pile to enjoy the heavy aroma of sex 
they'd made.  This had been the seemingly last romp of the night, though, as it 
had been an estimated thirty minutes since anyone had moved within the confines 
of the humid room.

"I... can't... believe I'm still conscious after that." Tenchi said slowly.  He 
didn't expect a response, so it was with a great bit of surprise that he found 
his bed-company turning over to face him.  Splayed blue hair everywhere, and 
from the faint lamplight, a nice crimson blush to accentuate her dilated pupils, 
she was beautiful like that in his opinion.  "So, I'm not the only one who 
survived."

"No," a singular voice answered meekly after a few moments.  Tsunami nervously 
waited for his reaction to her presence without her symbiotic friend.  

"Oh," he said, partly unconcerned by her sole presence and partly intrigued by 
it.  "What happened to Sasami?"

A sharp needling of sadness hit the goddess briefly, as heightened emotions 
dictated that his interest in her began and ended with the sustaining of 
Sasami's life force catalyst role that she played.  

"She's here.  I can wake her if you wish," Tsunami replied as upbeat as her 
nerves would allow.  In an instant though, she found herself amidst a sea of 
confusion, as he didn't stray away from the slight grasp he held her hip in, but 
instead, pulled her closer with it.  

"That's okay, let her sleep," he said nonchalantly.  "I don't get a chance to 
hear enough of you anyway.  I wonder if you're avoiding me sometimes."

"No!" She quickly interrupted, then glanced away from his penetrating stare.  "I 
just don't necessarily know what you think of me, that's all.  Every time I say 
something, you immediately ask what happened to Sasami or where is she.  So, I 
figured it would be better to be a kind of silent partner in things."

Tenchi's annoyance at himself began to surge again, as his continuous efforts to 
not say or do something thoughtlessly cruel were still unfixed.  But to his 
credit, he did see fit to use her name when speaking to them, which acknowledged 
her personality in some sense.  Still, his unconscious requests for Sasami at 
every visible Tsunami turn must've stung.  

"I'm sorry," he eventually said, peering into the infinitely deep, dark pink 
irises of Tsunami.  "I figured you were just... I don't know, but you never 
seemed to have any problem vocalizing in the bedroom."

Her mildly saddened expression turned into a rather mischief-laced grin, adding, 
"Because then you acknowledge me--not just in name--but in body, too.  Then, I'm 
not the creepy voice of a goddess living inside of your girlfriend.  I'm your 
lover just as much as Sasami is then.  Understand I'm not blaming you for 
anything.  Moreover, I can sympathize with your plight of being loved by someone 
you can't see and trying to consider her when she's housed inside of the person 
that you do love."

"Don't say that."

"Don't say what?"

"The person I love, that makes it seem like you're just here to keep Sasami 
alive and give me sexual energy," he said with an eerie precognitive edge.  "I 
never meant to relegate you to an inferior or nonexistent role in any of this.  
I simply got used to the fact that you were there with me in whatever medium you 
chose.  What I'm trying to say is that: I know you're there and I know you're 
more than a live-in life support system.  But it's difficult to remember that I 
have two women that love me under the same face when one rarely speaks." 

For a long moment afterward, Tsunami could only lay there and absorb this new 
information.  Her role as a melodic under or overtone in Sasami's voice was just 
upgraded to a completely recognized other person.  The face in the mirror was 
hers to an extent, and Tenchi recognized it as such, which made her surprisingly 
happy.  There was something still off despite all of this and in light of the 
mood killing atmosphere of it, she had to ask.

"But can the man say that he feels the same way about both women?" she asked on 
an almost subsonic level.  Tenchi startled her with an affectionate graze of his 
hand against her cheek, which he let lay there.  This could be a touching way to 
say, "Yes."  Or a sympathetic way to say, "No."  Tsunami got neither; instead, 
she saw a singular wing of the light hawk, more importantly, the wing he was 
partially composed of; the one built on his love for Sasami. 

"It's interesting that you'd bring up all of this up," he began, though 
purposely going through the bushes to say what he had to say.  "In all of my 
studying and theorizing over these things, I never once figured something like 
this could happen.  I mean, usually a new wing would sprout or something..."

Tsunami's hearing began to mute his voice, while the wing had been slowly 
rotating throughout his wordy rebuttal, and eventually ended up facing her.  A 
still image of Sasami to the untrained eye, but if one were to study the face a 
little closer, they'd notice something.  In particular, the eyes were where the 
main difference lay.  The right eye was a deeper shade of pink in contrast to 
its bubble gum shaded left counterpart.  And the usual triangular birthmark of 
the royal family, replaced on the same divide with an olive-sized circle, which 
represented the goddess.  

"...I can't love Sasami without loving you.  You're a part of her, just as she's 
a part of you.  So never think I don't love you, because that's like saying I 
don't love Sasami.  Okay, that didn't come out right.  I know I love her and I 
know I love you, but I can't help seeing you as a part of her.  So I do love 
you, because I love her.  Is this making any sense?"  Tsunami's hearing chimed 
in to hear the end of his speech, which appeared to take an unseen weight off of 
her shoulders. 

"Yes, but I do understand it is complicated." Tsunami said, feeling an odd 
flutter in her stomach.  "I think I've been looking at this all wrong.  I'm as 
much Sasami as she is I.  And by acknowledging her you're acknowledging me 
indirectly.  So, you can't do for one without doing for the other.  Which 
means..." Her love wasn't misplaced or wasted; it was there and accepted with 
equal heartfelt sentiment.  Tsunami looked over at Tenchi, reconfirming what 
he'd said prior.  He nodded, answering the silent question.  Pesky emotions, 
once deemed inferior nuisances, invaded the goddess's systems--happiness mainly.   

Of course, a goddess with a higher elevation of self and unfathomable happiness 
equated to a very painful mixture, as Tenchi was soon crushed--with a force that 
probably would've killed any less of a person--in the goddess's hug.  

"Can't... breathe... killing... me... Tsunami!"  He choked out, which 
immediately gained his freedom.  Reacting out of joy more than rational thought, 
Tsunami remedied his problematic breathing with a cool hand.  Once this was 
complete, she laid on her side staring at him with the most luminous smile ever, 
in his opinion.  

"Are you okay?" the goddess asked, unconsciously rubbing his stomach.  

"Yeah, nothing like getting the air squeezed out of..." He suddenly paused, as 
Tsunami rolled atop him suddenly.  "Are you okay?" Tenchi asked her, noting the 
sudden mood shift.

It wasn't necessarily a stupid question considering that she had his hands 
pinned above his head and sat firmly on his stomach.  But once Tenchi's eyes 
readjusted to the lack of substantial light, her bare breasts, the sexual energy 
she radiated with, and the excessively heated juncture of her thighs pressed 
against him made it apparent that she was fine.  And despite all of this, he was 
completely limp and drained, probably for the next few weeks.  Which wasn't a 
necessarily bad thing, but Tsunami could see that he wanted to go on.    

"I'm fine," she said after the long silence.  

Tenchi lay in an almost hypnotic daze looking into her eyes.  He'd completely 
missed the fact that she'd made him hard again and slid his full erection inside 
of her.  Neither made a sound for the next few minutes; his captivation by her 
stare into his eyes left him in a retrospective thought.  At that moment, Tenchi 
came to realize something again.  He was making love to a goddess.  This wasn't 
simply an off-planet woman riding him like an American rodeo bull.  This woman 
controlled universal aspects of living... a woman that may have had a hand in 
creating said universe.  And here she sat, on Tenchi Masaki in a little house in 
the mountains of Okayama, Japan.  

"Unreal," he whispered, suddenly jolting to life.  Tsunami's eyes shut in 
ultimate ecstasy as he joined her sexual motions.  She'd heard his thoughts and 
wondered if he'd buckle under some self-imposed pressure.  

"Oooh," she moaned softly, as his hips pressed against her, which proved he 
wasn't backing down because of who she was.  It was a testament to how far he 
had come, because a few years ago he wouldn't have had the gall to do something 
this bold (not without massive blood loss anyway.)  

Tsunami shrieked as his hands came to rest atop her silken breasts.  Her nipples 
and aureoles immediately stiffened toward his palms, Tenchi noticed.  It did 
little to persuade him out of his gentle circular kneading.  Tsunami began to 
writhe against the workings of his dick and his hands, feeling the calluses from 
his years of farm and sword work roughly scrape her sensitive flesh.  

"S-s-so... fucking good!"  The deity panted, resting her palms against his chest 
for stability and pushing herself roughly down the scope of his penis.

Tenchi raised an eyebrow, asking, "Is Sasami starting to rub off on you?"  

He'd always figured she was the foulmouthed one of the body, yet Tsunami's 
impish smile revealed it was a group effort.  Quickly falling back under the 
spell he spun, the goddess began to lean forward as Tenchi purposely baited her 
into doing so by bringing his hands slowly down.  She hissed his name as he gave 
each nipple a pinch, ones that garnered extreme pleasure instead of a 
pleasurable pain.    

"Eeek... fuck, Tenchi!"  She rocketed herself down against him harder, grabbing 
the covers, as the replacement of his hands were intermittent kisses from his 
mouth.  He lapped at each nipple like a starved cat with a saucer of milk, until 
the goddess shook with ecstasy.  Tsunami inhaled sharply, twisting as his pace 
sped up.  She couldn't take it anymore, as too many pleasure centers began to 
sing in a chorus of his name.  "Oh... oh... Tenchi... TEEEEENCHI!"  Her frame 
tightened to that of a board as his name raged from her vocal chords, only to 
shift into a sound of unknown origin.

His hands had creeped down to her unguarded ass cheeks, and he gripped them 
tightly, forcing her to accommodate his full penetration.  Tsunami and Sasami 
both loved when he did that.  Especially when they couldn't drop against him and 
only he could pump up and into them.  Tsunami's orgasm was intense, yet slow and 
spreading, which she slightly preferred above the blindsiding type that came 
from one of his intense poundings.  With a languid sigh, the goddess's gyrations 
stopped and she collapsed atop Tenchi... smothering him in her ample bosom.  

"Av (As) muft (much) av (as) I vuv (love) wour (your) vests (breasts), I van't 
(can't) vreathe (breathe)," Tenchi admitted, purposely clicking his teeth 
against her nipples.  Tsunami laughed at the sound and pushed herself off to his 
left, smiling faintly as she looked over at him.  They lay there, staring at 
each other again.  He didn't exactly want to mention his lack of orgasm, but at 
the same time, her powers didn't seem to wear off without some form of sexual 
release.  "Uh, not to sound ungrateful or anything, but can you do something 
about this?"  He motioned to his crotch.  "It won't go down by itself.  I think 
I need some help to be honest with you..." Tsunami laughed internally as he 
sincerely failed to get the coded message in his words.  

"I mean, I think your "magic" doesn't wear off... like... a... normal," he 
completely stopped talking as she laughed openly at him.  The idiocy in his 
prior statement caught up to him and he had to admit that was lame even by his 
standards.  

"I suppose I'm up for another romp," Tsunami said thoughtfully.  "But we aren't 
going to be looking forward to that icepack in the morning, so..." she drifted, 
eyeing his dick thoughtfully.

Tenchi--charged to the nines with sexual energy--sat in wait of his fate.  
Tsunami pulled the cascade of sky-blue hair back, and into a twist thanks to 
some conjured ribbon she'd... well... conjured he guessed, seeing as how he 
didn't see her pick it up from anywhere.  With her hair tied back, Tsunami 
looked at the man beside her with an inquisitive smirk.    

"I got it," she said grasping his swollen manhood.  Another task that Sasami 
generally performed that Tsunami felt she'd try.  So, moving into place, the 
goddess watched Tenchi intently try to act as if he had no idea what she was 
going to do.  Giving a Sasami-like wink, Tenchi watched his phallus slide 
between his Tsunami's pink lips and wedge comfortably (at least for him) against 
the smooth skin at the back of her mouth.  

Pulling the skin on his dick down as her mouth sucked upward, Tsunami heard him 
whisper her name.  No Sasami prefixing, just 'Tsunami'.  It made her nostrils 
flare in an unmasked enjoyment of hearing such a thing.  She unconsciously 
applied more pressure to his sensitive organ, sucking enrapt echoes of her name 
from his lips and enjoying it on an unseen level.  

"Tsu... nah... me," he struggled as she swallowed him to the balls in a sudden 
thrust of her head.  Tenchi gripped the sheets until his fingertips hurt, trying 
desperately to hold back as she sat there, teasing the top of his scrotum with 
her tongue.  Her eyes opened, seeking to see the expression on his face as she 
alone pleasured him.  The goddess felt her holes simultaneously grow moist, as 
his twisted features gasped her name again.  He was lost to her attention now, 
she thought, as she felt him begin to pull against her head.  It usually 
signaled he was about to explode with that white stuff.  "Not yet," she thought, 
gripping the base of his penis to prevent his orgasm.  

"Goddess..." He moaned, as she began to thrust her mouth down against his up.  
Tsunami took a momentary break, returning to a spot on him that all of the 
ladies had seemed to find.  "AH...!"

His balls: Sasami had been toying around with him and experimentally licked 
them, which caused a very surprising and equally strong orgasm within the man.  
If Tsunami recalled, it took days to get the sperm out of their ear.  Thus, her 
grip intensified as she began to lap playfully at his swollen testicles.  Tenchi 
lie somewhere between vegetable and sexual madman now, wishing desperately to 
cram his dick into her mouth and unload his sticky build-up until her stomach 
filled with it.  

"Mmmm," she moaned, growing exceptionally aroused at such an idea emanating from 
Tenchi.  His sack flinched in unison with her moan, and she graciously applied 
an insanity causing suckle to the scrotum as a whole.  She felt his sperm pulse 
into his urethra, only to be dammed by her soft fingers.  The goddess felt the 
golf ball sized organs flinch powerfully as her warm lips continued to move 
around them, slightly tugging to and fro.  Tenchi openly growled in agony while 
his body twitched against his denied release.  "Ready?"  Tsunami asked 
seductively, as his balls were now visibly shaking.

"YES!"  Tenchi screamed, staring almost angrily at the woman who held his cock 
against her cheek.  With a slow smile and even slower approach, Tenchi watched 
Tsunami's mouth open...

"Yes!" he thought. 

Her tongue rolled slowly around his glans...

"Yes!"

And finally, her mouth enclosed around his aching penis, grunting sharply as her 
hand came away from the base.  

"Yes, yes, yes," Tenchi continued to whisper repeatedly, as the feeling came 
back to him.  Tsunami gripped his arms, which were at his sides, and held them 
there to prevent any orgasm induced violence.  "YEEEEEEES!"

Her eyes snapped open in a sudden pain, as Tenchi's feet arched him off the bed 
and impaled her unprepared mouth a little deeper than she was ready for.  
Tsunami groaned as he did in fact explode in her mouth.  They both moaned as his 
seed cascaded down her throat like hot honey, whilst her spasm riddled throat 
gently squeezed the undoubtedly purple tip of his dick.  Despite the weight of 
her torso bearing down on her neck holding his dick partially in her throat, 
thanks to his firm grasp on her forearms, Tsunami felt... warm.  His dick 
felt... warm... everything was just so damn warm to the goddess, who'd ingested 
her first solo (consciousness wise) load of Tenchi.  The arch in his back faded 
after a few moments, returning him to the level of fatigue he'd started at, and 
left Tsunami's mouth empty.  

"So..." she coughed at the raw tingle in her throat and smacked her lips at the 
salty residue of his sperm.  "Was that adequate "erection" removal?" she asked, 
putting a playful inflection on the term erection.  

"Add... a what?  That... incredible..." Tenchi said, lapsing in and out of sleep 
while sounding like a stereotypical caveman now that her temporary energy shot 
was gone.  A swell of pride seemed to affect Tsunami, as she crawled up and 
collapsed beside Tenchi... who feebly tried to wrap his arms around her.  She 
did the grunt work for him and smiled, as he snoozed with a wide smile.  For a 
long while after, Tsunami lay there enjoying the humid feel the room had gained 
thanks to their sexual exertions, and smiled.  

"See, I told you that he loved you," Sasami's voice piped, which startled 
Tsunami a bit.  

"You... You were awake?" she asked, almost incredulously.  "Why didn't you say 
something?"

"Figured you two needed to talk," the Jurian princess responded innocently.  
"And since you wouldn't say so, I figured leaving you two alone would do the 
trick... and the dick."

"Sasami!"  Tsunami caught herself before she spoke aloud, blushing in 
embarrassment to Sasami's frankness.  "I... it... Well... Thank you."

"You're welcome." Sasami said in sincere volley.  "Now, can we get some serious 
sleep or are you going to try and swallow his balls next time?"  

"Sasami!"

"Joking, joking," the aforementioned woman giggled.  "Goodnight, Tsunami."

"You mean morning.  We've all been going at it since 5:30 or so, yesterday 
evening," Tsunami corrected, already beginning to feel the amplified sting 
between their legs.

Sasami craned their head toward the alarm clock on the nightstand and saw the 
display of 3:32 A.M.  "Wow... but Tsunami, try to be more careful next time... 
my throat hurts."  

An audible cough passed their lips, before dual slumber took them into their 
dreams.


3:36 A.M., in the room of the first princess of Jurai...

Things hadn't progressed as they had with the others.  The events with Yosho a 
few weeks ago, turning on Tenchi because of it, and the strange life that had 
become reality for her had Ayeka in a sort of slump.  Her and Tenchi had last 
made love the night they reconciled over the way she treated him in face of the 
events involving her brother.  Afterward, the urge to seek intimacy between them 
had seemingly dwindled to nothing more than a few kisses here and there.  To 
Ayeka, this was a sign she'd botched what she'd waited seven years for and that 
hurt.  

"Why couldn't he just stay the old man?" she'd questioned herself in vain.  
"Then I wouldn't have seen... wouldn't have known... wouldn't have lost... No!  
I did not lose Tenchi!  I will not allow it!"

Of course, if she had the ability not to allow herself something, she also had 
the innate ability to allow herself something as well.  And in the isolation of 
the women's bath one morning, she'd realized she had allowed herself to lose 
Tenchi.  The urge to put her brother and his little lover, who'd also stolen 
Tenchi years past, inside of a blender was almost too tempting at times.  He'd 
gone and given a part of himself to her and she threw it back in his face, all 
over a "relationship" that was nothing more than childish fantasy.  Yet, Tenchi 
took it and simply said nothing, even when she knew she'd overstepped her bounds 
with some of her comments.  And when he could've berated her into smoldering 
ash, what did he do?  Tenchi simply gave her an ultimatum in a slightly elevated 
whisper.  

This utterly proved that words could be stronger than fists when applied right, 
Ayeka thought, as her mind replayed the events of the hectic month of October.  
She'd counted herself lucky to get such a bargain offer out of him.  And she saw 
fit to use every means available to express her sincerest apologies.  Ayeka felt 
every bit the slut she'd once painted Ryoko out to be then, as she'd flung 
herself at him to use in any sexual way he saw fit.  And how did Tenchi respond 
to this offer?  He sexually gratified her every unvoiced whim and desire, 
without a thought for his own until she was thoroughly satisfied.  Ayeka 
recalled growing even angrier at her behavior then.  No matter how wonderful 
she'd made Yosho out to be once they'd wed, Tenchi had exceeded it by a margin 
so large that Yosho fantasies seemed like bleak little fairy tales.  

They weren't married or even bound, and Tenchi performed acts for her that she'd 
never even considered realistic desires from a potential husband.  And there 
she'd sat, ungrateful, and risking it all for a four thousand year old dream.  
While he continued to pleasure her at the time, she silently begged with her 
body, her soul, and every fiber of her being that it wouldn't be the last.  
She'd especially hoped this wasn't the farewell screw she'd often heard her 
servants talk about when she was younger.  A part of her felt deserving of such 
a fate though, and it partially was the cause of the nearly month long hiatus 
from lovemaking, because afterwards, Ayeka felt shame in his touches.  Not shame 
for him, but for her, as she felt unworthy of such a good person.  

Her self-inflicted punishment did allow for one gift from him though: Kisses.  
To him, the kisses were a small sign that she wasn't upset or growing away from 
him, but a sign that she maybe didn't feel up to making love just yet.  Even 
with his admittedly dim knowledge of sexual innuendo, he knew that she only 
slept with him to make him feel better that night.  But he'd called himself 
turning the tables and using it to make her feel better about how she'd treated 
him.  Wrong, it had all ended up wrong.  Ayeka wouldn't let him within arms 
reach for longer than a brief kiss, and if he were lucky, it'd last a few 
moments.  Still, his relationship seemed to be crumbling, and not from the lack 
of sex, but from the lack of general communication.  

When he'd ask what was wrong, her face genuinely took on one of a person who'd 
been terrified before she'd make a paper-thin excuse and brush by it.  It'd been 
going on like that since the end of October; it continued up until the present 
day, where in she finally allowed him some form of physical and verbal contact 
with her.  It had been a simple query about her purchases, which amended with a 
brief statement relating to personal knick-knacks.  She did however allow him to 
remain physically pressed against her back as his heated presence shooed her 
need to remain without his touch--until the unbearable physical pain came--away.  

It hadn't been until Nagi and the other part of himself began to fool around 
earlier did things go stale.  Ayeka froze at the sight and began to shuffle away 
quickly to their room, and from the swirling emotions invading Tenchi's systems, 
his brethren and their women were all going to be on similar paths in moments.  
Thus, he headed off to clear his mind.  The ill-timed walk signaled, for Ayeka 
at least, that she had screwed things up beyond repair.  She'd expected to try 
to break the wall of silence between them, even if there were couples screaming 
their love like wild animals on the floor below them.  Since he left though, it 
was apparent that she'd waited too long.

He returned a couple of hours later, making his way past Ryoko and himself on 
the couch without incident, and up to their room.  The walk had done nothing 
more than cloud his mind if anything, but Tenchi was determined to fix the 
remainder of his grandfather's problems within his relationship.  Sliding the 
door open, he found Ayeka perched at the foot of the bed watching television.  
Head high, shoulders back, and all around perfect posture, yet the princess 
sagged in defeat it seemed.  

Once his presence was known, Ayeka set about the nervous-systematic scanning of 
every television channel that their "Washu-T.V." brand satellite could pull in.  
Suffice to say, Tenchi still found it odd microorganisms based on Neptune ran a 
game show channel.  In any event, they'd never reached the end of the channel 
database and their preview guide had never once reset in the four years it had 
been scrolling, so this was a sufficient way to avoid someone.   

"You wouldn't believe how..." He'd paused midway recalling she'd just come in 
from the outdoors earlier that evening.  "Can we talk?"  

Ayeka answered the icebreaker question by clicking off of the television.  
Tenchi had slipped out of his coat and shoes downstairs, and so, he hurriedly 
made his way to her side.  The talking had mainly come from him, seeing as how 
Ayeka seemed to have studied abroad at a pantomime school somewhere during her 
tenure on Earth.  As a means of communicating with one's significant other, this 
was a very bad way to do things.  For an eternal duration of fifteen minutes, 
neither said anything. 

Ayeka's Tenchi had deduced the only reason the others became susceptible to the 
others' feelings were simply because of their lack of focus on anything else.  
Thus, the needling urge to wet, dabble, and quench his sexual thirst was of 
little consequence in face of a companionless lifestyle.  In other words, he had 
bigger fish to fry.

"Look, I've tried talking, compliments, and even asking what the problem was," 
he said rather suddenly at the time.  Unseen by his downcast eyes was Ayeka's 
look of sheer panic.  She braced for it--the dismissal of her lowly form--and 
searched her mind for the obvious words that wouldn't come.  He'd had enough and 
since she wouldn't make an effort to meet him halfway, Tenchi was going to cast 
her away as she'd thought she rightfully deserved.  Perhaps the Royal Family of 
Jurai possessed some mutated gene for guilt, because it was a similar course of 
destructive action that Tenchi had walked a month prior.  

"Don't leave me," the princess had managed to whisper.  "I'm sorry for blaming 
you for Yosho's actions... Just don't leave me.  I swear on my crown that I am 
sorry, Lord Tenchi... Please don't leave me."

Tenchi was shocked.  The sound of her voice, especially the various 
interjections begging him not to leave her, had him completely speechless for a 
matter of moments.  Tenchi stared at her bewildered in a sense while listening 
to her ramble, but eventually found his right arm easing around her shoulders.  
Ayeka looked a bit startled by the contact; not fully registering he'd been the 
one to (and continuing to) touch her at the time.  

"I won't leave you," he'd said resolutely.  "I was going to suggest we sleep on 
it for a while, then talk in the morning.  You all were gone all day and I 
figured you were probably just tired."

A new level of guilt washed over the princess in light of this seemingly happy 
news.  She'd grouped him with common men again.  Tenchi would simply walk away 
from her because of a few days of silence after enduring an experimental 
procedure to be with her.  And again she had the audacity to question his 
unshakable loyalty to her?  Issues of inadequacy--something men were usually 
afflicted with--had spawned inside the brain of Ayeka.  He constantly gave and 
gave to her, and she never gave anything back.  Tenchi had given up his home, 
what few friends he'd had, and his body, all to a woman who'd selfishly taken 
his gifts without any return.  Even her attempted seduction had turned into a 
greedy indulgence for her own selfish desires.            

"I remember when I was a child that after waiting eleven months for Christmas to 
come so that I could get this bike I'd been wanting, and when I didn't get it, I 
was crushed.  Not only that, but a few of my friends got the same bike and I 
almost hated them for it.  So, I can easily sympathize with your being angry 
after a few *thousand* years of waiting for something, then losing it, and then 
seeing it ride around with someone else.  I just want you to talk to me.  Or at 
least sleep against me instead of being balled up on the edge of the bed."  He'd 
finished with the same uplifting spirit he always spoke with, which left Ayeka 
at a crossroad.  

"You didn't deserve that type of treatment..." She tried to argue, even as the 
spirit for such a task was rapidly draining.

"Did you deserve that "type" of treatment?  The situation with Nagi was harsh 
treatment.  Venting frustration over a lost love, well that's completely 
normal."  He'd tossed out in volley, knowing of its painful memories.  The 
princess unconsciously leaned her head against his shoulder then, trying to sift 
and find something else to refute his argument.  Nothing came to mind, thanks to 
his empathy.  

"I don't know why you're so patient with me... I've been nothing more than 
bothersome and greedy since I've come here..." Ayeka would be interrupted from 
this line of thinking with even more empathetic jargons.  

"We're all greedy at some time or another.  And you haven't bothered me.  
Irritated, maybe, but I'm sure that goes for me as well.  Now, how many more 
self-destructive plots can you try to come up with before you understand that I 
don't think you're a bad person?"  She'd felt a flush of embarrassment at having 
him read her so easily and let out a mournful sigh.  

"Could you just stop being so nice?  It's frustrating trying to compete with 
your affection," she finally admitted.  It was okay to fawn over him when it was 
to gain his love, but once she had it, he was supposed to fawn over her.  Once 
he did, however, Ayeka was left in amazement over his sentiment and desperately 
sought a way to repay him.  And since she couldn't out do him, it twisted 
subconsciously until it seemed better not to have his treatment at all than to 
be a mindless puppet to it.  Anyway, once the reality of what she'd said caught 
up, Ayeka almost lost it again, yet Tenchi intervened.

"I'm not being nice to gain anything from you, nor do I expect you to "match" 
me.  This isn't a competition and we shouldn't keep score on whose the most 
romantic or the nicest.  I'm sorry if I made you feel like it was.  So, can we 
try to move beyond all of this?  Really try to move beyond it, not just say it 
and sit around sulking about it all day."  The hopeful expression on his face 
slowly peeled away at Ayeka's guilt until it was morphed into another 
competitive inkling.  

She'd move beyond it.  Not only that, but she had resolved to sincerely move so 
far beyond it that Tenchi would be pleased and Yosho would start to crumble 
under her neutral opinion of his relationship.  Okay, it wasn't mentally sound 
thinking.  But at least her tension was eased enough to smile, even if it were 
only a smile marred in sinister thought.  

"Okay, Lord Tenchi," she eventually said, boldly giving him a peck on the cheek.  
"Would you like to finish that movie we began watching the other night?"

It was a ridiculously long piece about a ship called the Titanic.  He'd had 
enough of it the first time he'd saw it, but it was the first movie Ayeka really 
cared about since coming to the Earth.  Thus, Tenchi swallowed his bitter little 
pill, got up, and popped the tape into the VCR before killing the lights and 
hopping back into bed.  The volume was considerably high, as their housemates 
mating continued unabated below them.  As the subtitles began, Tenchi and Ayeka 
shimmied up the bed to better relax (or endure in Tenchi's case) the three-hour 
behemoth of a movie.   

>From the television's position in the corner next to the closet, Ayeka could 
lay across his stomach and look up at the wall-mounted unit.  It was the closest 
and the longest time they were that close in a while and they'd stay in that 
position for the duration.  Him using various acupressure techniques along her 
contorted neck and scalp, while she lay there, listening to the calming sounds 
of his stomach.  For Tenchi it had been almost an unconscious effort, yet when 
he saw Ayeka wasn't refusing his touch, he smiled and continued without pause.  
Ayeka, in the meantime, was fully aware of his contact and the fondness of the 
touch she'd been without for so long.  

As the time drug on, it became apparent the movie was slowly being pushed out of 
existence.  The TV's volume began to dip, as the once deep conversations became 
bothersome chatter for a princess trying to relax.  It was at that moment--when 
the TV was at its lowest--that Ryoko and Nagi both came with an almost painful 
sounding shout of Tenchi's name.  Ayeka tensed at the shrilled sounds, waiting 
for him to shudder in shared ecstasy with the others, yet Tenchi just rolled his 
thumb against the tensed muscles in her neck.  She didn't know how he prevented 
showing his enjoyment of such acts, but he'd done it and she was grateful. 

Around 10:37 P.M. the movie ended, which allowed Ayeka to rise from his stomach 
and begin her ritualistic bedtime preparations.  Her nightly shower, skin 
maintenance, and the like complimented his changing into a simple set of sweat 
shorts.  An hour so later, once all was said and done, they entered the bed at 
the same time.  Their joint desires, denied, as Ayeka clicked the bedside lamp 
off with little fanfare.  

"Goodnight, Lord Tenchi," she'd said after awhile, snuggling her backside in 
closer to him in search of his body warmth.  Ayeka's new silk pajamas, which 
consisted of little more than pants and a risqu‚ navel-exposing nightshirt, let 
a considerable amount of cool air invade her damp skin.  The warmth found was 
pleasant, so much so, until the young woman found herself grinding vindictively 
against it.  

"Careful, you may want to leave him sleep." Tenchi had warned jokingly, but 
quickly added,  "Goodnight, Ayeka." 

She'd gotten his meaning, but the bigger question still loomed. "Do I want to 
leave him sleeping?" she thought after a long moment of reflection.  Well, it 
would be rude to wake him up to fulfill her perverse desires... But, he probably 
wasn't asleep so soon.  Ayeka rubbed her bottom against him again to make sure, 
Tenchi made a small gasp at the friction.  He rolled over, tossed his arm over 
her side, and then... snored.  God, he was like some kind of narcoleptic, she 
whined mentally.  Lying perfectly still in the dark for a few moments, the 
princess decided to let it go.  Too bad, it wasn't that simple.

"AACHOO!" Tenchi sneezed dryly against the back of Ayeka's neck, as her close 
proximity had left him free to inhale one of her free-dangling strands of hair.  
"Oh, sorry, Ayeka.  Princess?" he asked in undeniable confusion, as she'd rolled 
over in his embrace to face him.  The temperature of her body was elevated 
noticeably by where his hand pressed against her exposed side, which had him a 
little worried if not overly anticipating that she might say what he thought she 
was.

"Tenchi," she sighed just as demurely as ever, leaving a hint of mint lingering 
in her breath's wake.  He could barely make out her face at the time.  The 
little of her face he did see, however, made his next action seem appropriate.  
Pressing his lips forward, and thankfully not kissing her nose, Tenchi kissed 
her.  Ayeka managed to keep quiet the feelings of her rapid heartbeat and even 
more rapidly moistening pussy.  In a matter of minutes, the heat would return to 
their relationship and they'd be joining the lovers' chorus that echoed all 
around them.  Their lovemaking would be a more traditional escapade this time, 
Ayeka found and half despised.  But as the hours pressed on and the temperature 
rose, the couple tossed the covers violently aside and hit their stride.  

Tenchi piston himself between her skyward pointed legs, smashing their hips 
together until it hurt.  Ayeka's narrow ankles squeezed the strained muscular 
cords in his neck, while she shrieked his name.  Even with the pain, his 
thrusting felt too good to stop and neither wanted that.  Ayeka couldn't contain 
her orgasm any longer, as his name melded and muddled into long shrills of joy.  
And the screams only intensified when he'd maneuvered as to have her astride him 
and controlling the depth and speed of his penetrations.  Her nails bit into his 
chest like tiny razors, leaving a plethora of red, crescent shaped wounds.  The 
orgasms had begun to come in heavy and incredibly long bursts, which made her 
fingers tense in uncontrollable bliss, and thus, left him with the slightly 
painful markings.  Only when Tenchi's first orgasm began did Ayeka lose the will 
to plunge him into her.  Ah, but Tenchi didn't lose the urge or the will to 
continue.  

His feet dug into the mattress and aided a thrust that momentarily frightened 
the princess, as his hold on her hips wouldn't allow for her to move.  He 
growled with a strangled voice, before Ayeka shrieked as the hot rush inside of 
her.  Tenchi shook heavily; convulsing uncontrollably as he gave a sharp thrust 
to emphasize each of his spent loads.  His wobbly legs gave and brought them 
back to the bed roughly, while allowing Ayeka to wallow in the feelings of her 
warm plunger and the thick liquid it dammed.  It had been twenty minutes since 
they'd finished for the fifth time in nearly five hours, yet neither had went to 
sleep nor had Tenchi's erection wavered in the slightest.  Ayeka panted lightly 
as he stroked her back, lightly giggling as his finger glided lower and over her 
ass cheeks.

"Are you all right?" he asked, finding his voice hoarse.  Ayeka was silent for a 
moment, enjoying the feel of his hand alongside her face.  

"I'm fine," she retorted, feeling deeply content.  Tenchi untied the silk scarf 
holding the remaining bun that held her hair, letting the other half of the 
violet hair cascade down her back.  She frowned imagining the damage it was 
going to do to her ends, but Tenchi kissed her on the end of her nose and the 
concern vanished behind a small smile.  There had been no silent (mental) 
requests in their lovemaking this time, she found.  The entire duration was 
nothing more than screams, sweat, hair pulling, and orgasms.  Ayeka had actually 
made it through without a single guilty feeling about the whole escapade, and 
she smiled because of it.  

"Ever been tied up before?" Tenchi asked, rather suddenly.  Ayeka turned fully 
over on his chest at such an odd question to better gauge his expression or 
reasoning for such an intimate query.  "Let me rephrase that.  Have you ever 
wanted to be tied up and do what we did?" He added.  With a look of 
befuddlement, Ayeka tried to think of a kindly way to explain the deeper 
significance of his suggestion-mingled question.  

"You see, Lord Tenchi..." she stopped to better slow the blood from flooding 
into her face.  "On my planet, to partake in an event like that signifies 
something very... contractual between two lovers."  Risking a glance, she found 
his face an innocent blank.  "It's like marriage only not that strict."  It came 
out as a string of noise, but another minute glance led her to believe he'd 
decipher it shortly.

Tenchi blinked, absorbing the collage of sounds that erupted from Ayeka.  She 
wouldn't make eye contact with him, so he had a feeling his interpretation of 
what she'd said was true.  This wasn't a simple experiment in bondage--it was an 
act of engagement.  It was odd, he noted, seeing as how he didn't feel all that 
apprehensive toward the idea as he had when she first decreed that he was to 
marry her and only her.  Perhaps, because he had some semblance of control over 
the decision this time?  Or maybe because he'd had this planned all along?  
Well, Ayeka didn't know which to believe, not yet anyway.

"So, if I tied you up... we'd be engaged?" he asked in an either/or type of 
manner.  Ayeka didn't want to appear desperate, but his neutral tone didn't 
discourage her hopeful thinking.  Slowly, methodically, she began to bite back 
the urge to respond over anxious.  It was taking her a long few minutes to 
answer, Tenchi garnered, staring thoughtfully at the top of her head again. 

"Not exactly, we'd have to be tied together for it to result in that sort of 
union," Ayeka stalled, suddenly very aware of how calm his heartbeat was against 
her chest.  Wasn't he nervous?  Did he not get the significance in her words?  
And why was he binding his wrist to hers over and through the headboard?  The 
last question made the princess recoil out of her stupor and nearly pull her 
hand away, if it weren't for his inherent staring into her eyes.  "Lord Tenchi, 
I don't want you to feel obligated to do this for my benefit."

"Who says this is just for you?" he questioned sardonically.  It wasn't the most 
appealing way he could've approached the subject, she wanted to say, but he was 
approaching it none the less and appearances mattered very little in foresight.  
"I didn't make the decision to split myself among you for a chance to sleep with 
six... seven... eight wonderful women.  Maybe in Nagi's case, but that's a 
different discussion.  I did it to be with you... all of you and not for one 
night, one day, or one year.  I did it for the rest of my life.  I want to be 
with you for the rest of my life, as my wife, my lover, and my friend.  So, what 
do you say, Princess, will you marry me?"

The scarf only needed a knot and them to consummate again for it to be official 
by Jurian standards, Ayeka numbly realized.  A greater part of her realizing 
prowess focused on his words, which seemed like another dream begging to be 
shattered by the sun or reality's cruel hand.  It was neither, though.  Tenchi 
Masaki--the most indecisive person she'd ever known--had proposed without so 
much as one wavered syllable.  He didn't get her like some common prize ribbon.  
She wasn't his by some silly arrangement made before her birth.  And most 
importantly, he'd sought and desired her, instead of accepting her as some sort 
of prize animal that came with a string of planets.  Ayeka, first princess of 
Jurai, was not such a vile creature that no man wanted her bed company without 
promises of planets to rule or battalions by which to conquer.  Someone did want 
her for her and it was someone that she wanted.  Of course, he had no way of 
knowing how happy she was, since her mouth literally hung open.

"Yes!" she squealed to a deafening degree.  Ayeka fished the piece of material 
from his hand and tied a knot of the circulation cutting kind.  She then looked 
between his face and the tie binding her right hand to his left with a smile 
that was nothing more than contentment.  This day was not going to be ruined... 
it couldn't be ruined from her elated standpoint.  And imagine the looks on 
everyone else's face when she told them at breakfast or lunch (whenever she 
limped out of bed) that Tenchi and her were going to be married.

"Glad to hear it," Tenchi said in the midst of a very long sigh of relief.  He 
soon caught the sinister twinkle in his new fianc‚e's eye though, adding, "You 
can't tell them yet."

This smacked the princess's smile like a brick.  "Why not?" she asked upon 
recovery.  

"This is very complicated, but I... we... they need to work out when the right 
time to ask is.  Having it common knowledge will only make me... us... them 
nervous, and you know how I deal with nervousness," he replied calmly.  Ayeka 
calmed down to think about his second proposal.  It wouldn't have made her day 
to know he'd proposed to someone else and not to her yet--if at all--so his 
reasoning was sound.  But a new question arose.  

"Who else are you... they going to ask?" Ayeka watched his face in the light of 
the low cast moon, yet he didn't respond.  "Even Nagi?" she asked in 
astonishment, once the reality of his decision making came to complete fruition.  

"That's a decision for him to make.  So I really don't know heads or tails of 
it," Tenchi answered truthfully, noting his wildcard seventh form seemed to have 
no thoughts beyond the current day.  

"I'll keep a lid on it then," she said in exasperation of thinking about 
everyone else in a time like this.  "But I grow tired of discussing, where were 
we?"  Ayeka asked rather seductively, shifting gears upon the reality of where 
she was and what she needed to do to complete their union.    

Alluding of this sexual nature Tenchi was adept at picking up on.  Honestly, how 
much insight did it require to know that a naked woman purposefully sliding her 
crotch over the top of his groin meant that she wanted to have sex with him?  
Not a whole lot it turned out.  Stiffening much like an excited twelve-year-old 
boy with his first glance at a live breast, Tenchi was at full mass again within 
seconds.  Ayeka muted a brief groan as the fleshy instrument made a light (not 
to mention) lewd splat between her labia. 

"So, what makes this official?" Tenchi asked as his voice dipped into bedroom 
tones.

"We do what we did again," Ayeka replied with a voice in equal tone, lowering 
her face to his for a brief kiss.  "And it is official."

Tenchi allowed his flushing mate to align herself properly before taking the 
plunge, smiling as the knot in his stomach finally eased.  "Five more to go," he 
thought, before they began again...


4:43 a.m. in the room of a bounty hunter...

The couple who'd started it all... had did little more than raunchily fuck for 
nearly twelve hours.  People of any lesser physical prowess would've more than 
likely keeled over in such extreme sexual frenzy, yet couple in mention had more 
than enough heat and stamina to endure the trials it would seem.  Neither were 
aware of the time they'd spent in the confines of the room or that they'd broken 
nearly surface available to them in their carnal foreplay.  The desk in the 
corner: Obliterated when they'd decided to try things in mid-air and Tenchi lost 
mental control and dropped them through it.  The traditional lowered table by 
which Nagi ate most of her meals with him: Crushed.  Beneath their intense 
sexual efforts atop it, Nagi purposefully clenched her walls against his dick to 
make him come first--which she did--and made him slam his fists into and through 
the structure.  

They'd wrestled, literally wrestled, around until Nagi had finally lost the 
desire to chase and be chased, landing on the bed with a ceremonious thud 
beneath her lover.  The bed itself had seen its fair share of abuse since the 
two officially became an item, but nothing to the likes of the last eleven 
hours.  Legs squeaked; springs moaned a twisted song, even while Nagi herself 
greedily demanded more.  Beyond this, the room was adrift with lines of steam 
drifting about like thin clouds as the cold air drifting through the cracked 
window mixed with the humid heat rising off of their sweat clad bodies.  

"Ah!  AH!  Come on, you worm!  FUCK ME! AAAAARRRRRGH!"  Nagi screamed, as her 
head fell into the sweat-logged pillows below her face.  Her knuckles were 
stone-white gripping the brass headboard for all she was worth; pillows propped 
under her hips to keep them pointed skyward, and Tenchi sliding in and out of 
her pussy like there wasn't a tomorrow.  And to think, she'd been on her hands 
and knees like that for the better part of at least ten climaxes.  "Uh, god..." 
Nagi said in a garbled grunt, as her man continued towards his own orgasm.  

"FFFFFFUUUUUUUH... UH...UCHK!"  He sputtered between his tightened lips, 
speeding up his thrusts to avoid the inevitable conclusion.  Every muscle in 
Nagi's back was visible as she strained to endure his (hopefully) last ditch 
effort fuck.  She felt the repercussions of his dick's plundering in her 
stomach, which ached in a dull pain.  

"AAAAUUUUUGH!" The bounty hunter screamed, as a painfully large orgasm rolled 
through her.  The only thing she could see was stars and random spots of light.  
God, if there'd been any denial of how good sex was with him, there was 
absolutely none at this moment.  Now if only he'd come, because she was 
truthfully losing a battle with pain in the face of her multiple orgasms.  
However, the pride that she'd once lost had returned and it wouldn't let her 
tell him to stop.  She could take anything that he could dish out, or so she 
liked to believe... "NNNNMMPHF!"  It wasn't an orgasm, but a sharp pain that had 
come to override the orgasmic feelings of moments earlier.    

"YES!  HERE... I... AH!  UUUUUH!"  It sounded like the guttural moan of a 
monster, as Tenchi wrapped his arms around her stomach, flattened himself to her 
back, exerted one final thrust and cascaded over the edge.  

His sperm count had tapered off into nothing more than a few droplets, but his 
dick and testicles all convulsed as though they were churning up cupfuls.  All 
of his muscles hurt, yet he felt good.  Unfortunately, his lover couldn't say 
the same, as she lay beneath him in an undisclosed amount of pain.  Nagi felt an 
unfamiliar tingling in her eyes while silently counting herself lucky that he'd 
finished when he did because the dull sting was increasing rapidly as things 
went on.  Sliding off her back like a lowly slug, Tenchi felt her body tremor as 
he landed on the wet, sheet-less mattress next to her.  

"Nagi?  I... I didn't hurt you or anything, did I?"  He asked with an obvious 
line of worry crossing his face, noticing her odd silence and pained breathing.

"No, I'm... I'm fine," Nagi lied rather unconvincingly, slowly moving the 
pillows away from her and turning her back to him.  Tenchi put a hand on her 
shoulder and slowly coaxed her to face him.

"You... you're crying?"  It came out as an accusation instead of the rhetorical 
question of amazement that it intended to be.  

"No, I'm not..." Nagi's denial-laced commentary dried up long before her tears 
would as she realized that the lights were still on.  She tried to make her eyes 
stop their stupid running for his benefit if not to save face.  "I'll be fine," 
she spoke again, yet weakly, as Tenchi began to look acutely worried.  She 
looked so odd with tears streaming down her face, he noticed.  "Stop it!  You've 
been hurt worse than this!  Suck it up!"  The woman thought to herself, not 
wanting to have him think of her as being too weak to enjoy a few hours of sex 
or at all for that matter.   

"I'm sorry," Tenchi said earnestly, with a rather deep-seeded disgust with 
himself looming behind his words.  It was apparent that his jovial, apathetic 
take on things ended with her, as he looked like a person who'd just witnessed a 
loved one's death.  Nagi's expression grew visibly angry, as he began to rub her 
arm in attempts to bring on some comfort.  She knew what he was going to say and 
that was the reason for her facial attitude, but it didn't stop the question.  
"Would you like me to get Washu?"

"No!  I don't want that woman anywhere near me!" she yelled.  That was all she 
needed to have known.  Too weak to properly handle a little fuck, how could she 
face any of them with that?  Wiping her eyes with her sweaty wrists, Nagi tried 
to convey that she was all right, despite the sensation of having a hot poker 
wedged between her legs.  "I'll be okay, I just need a little... Ssss!"  The 
poker's heat increased suddenly as she tried to sit up, which caused her to 
double over with the sensation.

"Look, how about I see if I can help?" he asked sympathetically panicking, while 
looking sincerely wounded for having caused her pain.  

Nagi looked up at him, already continuing to sink back against the bed in pain 
and recognized that this was what Ryoko meant.  He didn't simply try to pretend 
that she would be okay or avoid her prone position, but instead, he seemed 
genuinely affected by it and apologetic to her cause.  This wasn't worth giving 
up; she couldn't help but think.  No one had ever looked that devastated about 
seeing her hurt in her entire life and it felt good to see the face of someone 
who did care.  Maybe it was the pain clouding her mind, but the bounty huntress 
wasn't even upset at him.  No, even to the untrained eye, Tenchi was berating 
the hell out of himself for causing her any injury this severe and Nagi didn't 
want to add to that.  

"D-Do... you know how to... diagnose something like this?" Nagi asked in a very, 
very small voice, flushing for the lack of punch her voice had.  "They said you 
were good at... a lot of things."  

"Technically, no.  But I can try," he whispered, not bothering to mention that 
she'd inched under his arm.  

"Thanks," Nagi replied with an unconscious sniffle, which soon his heart 
drumming heartbeat replaced.  How long had she had her head on his chest?  She 
didn't know, but his heart raced like a frightened animal's and she mistook it 
for a new show of worry for her.  "W-Where are you going?"  

Tenchi stood up and pulled on his pants from earlier, adding, "I'll be right 
back.  I have to get a few things out of the lab for the pain and a light... to 
see things."  Nagi opened her mouth to ask him not to tell anyone, yet he was 
already ahead of her.  "I won't say anything.  Sit tight... uh... no, I mean... 
shit.  Sorry."  Nagi smiled genuinely, watching him shake his head in annoyance.

Tenchi paused in his stride for the door.  A slight wave of nausea invaded his 
stomach, which lead to his vision suddenly blurring.  Nagi watched the muscles 
in his back expand and shrink, indicating deep breathing, but why?  He shook his 
head to clear the cobwebs, leaning against the doorframe.  

"Probably stood up too fast," he muttered with little belief in that theory.  

"Tenchi," Nagi whispered, watching him fall backward without so much as a sound.  
He fell into the rubble of what was once the table, slightly gasping for air 
upon landing before going completely silent again.  She gritted her teeth and 
got to her knees on the bed to look over the side at him.  He wasn't moving or 
breathing, just sort of... No, her mind would not open for that possibility.  
Tenchi was fine.  Tenchi tripped and fell, anything but died.  A sharp breath 
from his body made a smile appear on her pain-creased lips although his face was 
that of a man in extreme pain.

Nagi watched as his body began to glow with the intensity of a dull candle.  
Maybe this was some kind of healing process, she dismally wondered.  As the 
man's tall body began to float, it lost all signs of the human it once was.  His 
legs shrank inward until his pants legs hung loosely in mid-air, as his naked 
arms soon followed, melding into the floating mass of light.  Nagi couldn't 
blink or even move to assist him, watching as his hair started to withdraw like 
thin energy tendrils into his scalp.  

"Tenchi," she repeated, expecting a reply as his head slowly shrunk into what 
was once his neck, which steadily declined into the narrowing structure that 
used to be his chest.  He'd in essence become a light hawk wing.  Even as his 
'body' lost its three dimensions and turned into a complete two-dimensional 
wing, Tenchi continued to shrink.  Nagi watched in a mask of horror as his pants 
fell to the floor, while his body gnarled into little more than a basketball-
sized globule of floating energy.  The sides waved and rippled like water 
without gravity's confines holding it down, Nagi grimly noted while forcing 
herself out of bed.  "Tenchi?"  Nagi questioned firmly, praying for a response 
but of course, getting none.  

She poked him then, startled by the warmth and the fact that it began to float 
towards the door.  Nagi audibly grunted, hobbling as fast as she could towards 
her torn and battered packages for the robe that she'd purchased.  She'd barely 
lifted it to ease an arm in, before she noticed that Tenchi's blob form was 
escaping through a crack in the door of the dimensionally added room.  Two 
screams pierced her hearing then, as it just became apparent that this wasn't a 
singular problem.  

Tenchi drifted leisurely into the living room, upon where five similar blobs of 
lights were hovering.  Ryoko was stark naked, as were Kiyone, Mihoshi, and 
Sasami-Tsunami.  Ayeka, so far, having been the only one who'd grabbed a robe.  
Kiyone awoke upon splashing into the bath's water, only to re-emerge and find a 
strange light hovering in front of the bath's door and slightly ramming against 
it.  Mihoshi awoke upon a light in general, before it rocketed through her 
bedroom window.  She left in a panic to seek help once she saw that Tenchi was 
gone but arrived through the portal in the women's bath to find Kiyone following 
a similar light into the Masaki home.  

Ayeka had awaken--in much the same manner as Mihoshi--screaming, due in part to 
falling asleep on Tenchi's chest and awaking to nothing more than blur of light.  
But the light soon floated from beneath her, under their door, and downstairs.  
She'd arrived and met three of the others, whom all stood confused and worried.  
Tsunami had woke Sasami up simply because she sensed something was wrong.  And 
once Sasami's heavy sleep lifted, they were able to move and open their door to 
let the strange light out and followed it.  

Ryoko was oddly the first and the last on the scene--for the time being--having 
fallen into a catatonic-like sleep beneath Tenchi on the couch.  Her eyes opened 
hazily, feeling the presence of more people, only to see that Tenchi was no 
longer the object above her.  Above her then was nothing more than five balls 
of--what she thought to be at the time--illuminated water.

"What's going on?" Nagi asked, hobbling alongside the wall as she rounded the 
corner.  Everyone passed looks among themselves, then up at the six things above 
them and simply said nothing.  "Where's the redhead?  By my... count... we're 
one short."

This brought a sense of life back into the room.  Ryoko was the first to 
animate, saying, "Yeah, I don't see that Tenchi out here..."

"That's because he couldn't pass through the dimensional barrier that separates 
my lab from this house," Washu interrupted with a noticeably bleak tone, as 
another shapeless mass of Tenchi light floated around the corner, prefixing the 
tall genius's entrance.  "In other words, he needed me to open the door."

"I don't care.  How do we get them back here?" Kiyone snapped, as a vein began 
to throb in her forehead.  "We finally get things to some bit of normal and this 
has to happen...!"

"Look!"  Mihoshi's miniature outburst made her partner be quiet long enough to 
glance skyward at the now ring of lights.  The women released an audible gasp as 
a vein of energy sparked from each of the seven blobs and collected at the 
center of their floating group.  The seven exterior structures began to shrink 
as a new one began to form at their epicenter and grow in diameter.  Slowly, 
each of the seven orbs disappeared after they'd given themselves to the 
centerpiece, ultimately leaving one massive orb in their wake.  A perfect sphere 
formed, seemingly no where near as animate as the seven before it, which made 
the room continue to stand quiet.  

"Ah!"  Everyone unanimously screamed upon a sudden knocking on the door.  As 
expected though, not one woman attempted to answer it.  

Beyond the door were five slightly chilled people who'd arrived by way of 
intergalactic space travel.  And the man doing the knocking--Azusa, Emperor of 
Jurai--was not amused by the duration of time it took the obvious crowd of 
people behind the door to answer.  He'd heard them scream, his wives had heard 
them scream, and even his loyal guards had heard them, but why in the hell 
weren't they answering?  

The knocking continued, warping into a source of aggravation until at last 
Tsunami extended her hand and opened the door with a non-too-kind slam, wedging 
the knob in the wall.  Azusa stood in wait for an explanation, but found only 
nude women and a ball of light dangling above them.  Misaki noticed her nude 
not-so-little-girl and immediately began to fume, as did Azusa once his eyes 
adjusted to the darkness.  Funaho, Azaka, and Kamadake, all took it in stride, 
but were none the less curious as to what was going on.  It didn't take long for 
things to become apparent, as the light began to shake sporadically, and morph.  

A long piece of well, Tenchi extended from the center of the orb, slowly fanning 
out into miniature threads of light, which soon lost their glow and became the 
jet-black cascade known as his hair.  It continued sprouting until his head and 
neck formed again, which gave slowly way to his chest and stomach.  It still 
didn't stop expanding, developing at a more sudden rate to form his legs and 
feet.  Everyone slowly began to breathe again as his anatomical structure 
returned, giving the definition to his muscles, face, testicles, and his other 
familiar onsets.  The light ebbed completely off then, as Tenchi lie suspended 
in an arch in midair as though there was a tether supporting his midsection.  

"Tenchi!"  The women all shouted collectively, as he dropped unceremoniously to 
the hardwood floor.  Now it was Azusa's turn to be stunned, recalling that the 
last time he'd seen his great grandson.  The boy was a skinny, underdeveloped 
pansy.  However, he obviously had enough Jurian blood to undergo their physical, 
adolescent changes and turned into the man who'd fallen to the floor, and this 
didn't settle well with the emperor. 

"Hold his head Kiyone... Now you get that arm Ayeka... Tsunami, make sure you 
don't drop his shoulders and I'll support his back... Ryoko, get his legs and 
lift," Washu said, finishing her orders to all but Nagi, whom looked to be in a 
great deal of pain for whatever reason.  The group of women stood at the same 
time, briskly walking towards the broom closet with their fallen lover and Nagi 
limping not too far behind.  

"What's the meaning of this?" the emperor questioned sternly, making the group 
stop only in acknowledgement of another presence.  They saw who it was, 
considered him much like lint, and walked on unhindered in light of more 
important matters.  "Ayeka!  What...?"  

The door closed without so much as a peep or faltered step from his daughter, 
leaving the houseguests who'd come to see why Ayeka and Sasami hadn't checked in 
with them for their annual Startica call.  

"Did she say, Tsunami?"  Misaki asked, cutting the silence.  Azusa considered 
her query and nodded, not fully understanding this either.  He'd heard that 
Sasami favored the goddess.  Which he thought was the ultimate compliment for 
one of his children, but addressed in the namesake was blasphemous.  

"I suggest we go in," Funaho said evenly, "because we won't find out anything by 
standing in the cold."

They followed her suggestion, as the morning sun began to rise behind them.


6:54 a.m., inside of Washu's lab...

Almost two hours since they'd been in the living room and the now clothed 
(thanks to Washu) women all sat in nervous silence waiting for the outcome.  
Washu's door had been set to mute, so Azusa's constant banging was no longer a 
problem.  More importantly, it gave her the quiet that she needed to assess what 
the hell had went wrong with Tenchi this time.  His cells were all completely 
normal, and his heartbeat was as strong as ever, beyond that, the only things 
wrong with him were his exceptionally high testosterone production and his 
unconsciousness.  The dizziness that Nagi had witnessed him go through had been 
the only clue the scientist had to work with, as she too was asleep when he'd 
transformed. 

"What did he do before he got dizzy?" she asked in Nagi's general direction, 
staring thoughtfully at Tenchi's body on her table.  Noticing Nagi's expression, 
Washu rephrased the question.  "I'm sure we all did that, but what was the last 
thing he did let's say, twenty minutes prior to getting dizzy?"

"Making love to me," the bounty huntress responded immediately, leaning shakily 
against a machine of some sort, as opposed to the unfathomable task of sitting.  
Washu looked at the answer a bit skeptically.  

"Between when we last saw you two, about when did you two stop and then begin 
again?" Washu asked, working on a fatigue theory. 

"There was no between anything.  From the time we entered that room until he'd 
gotten dizzy, we were making love," Nagi replied with an unconscious smile 
forming on her lips at Washu's stunned face.  

"Wait, wait, you're telling me that from a little past 5 yesterday evening, you 
and Tenchi made love nonstop until 5 A.M.?"  Washu's already opened mouth seemed 
to open further, as Nagi nodded.

"More or less, minus a few events in between," Nagi added with her nod.  In 
truth, it stunned Nagi to learn the literal timeframe of her escapade.  She'd 
been guessing it was in the four-hour range but it'd been three times that, and 
the idea of appearing weak suddenly vanished.  And here she thought that she was 
out of shape...

"Yeah, I noticed that too," Mihoshi mentioned in the moment of odd silence.  "He 
lasted a really, really long time when we got home.  It was a little after we 
left here, and I think it was a little past five o'clock and we didn't stop 
until a few hours ago."  

It went in a round robin ending with Ayeka who confessed to the shortest stint 
of loving, with a lowly four or so hours.  Washu had called it quits around 
midnight, as she'd literally came to the point of her sexual limits with an 
orgasm that'd literally made her pass out.  But this information was lending 
itself to her theory about what caused this.  

"Now, why'd you want to know all of this?" Ayeka asked, trying to keep her regal 
air and her sleeve over the red markings around her wrist.  

"Simply put," Washu hit a button and a light ran from one end of the table to 
the other beneath Tenchi as if to photocopy his backside.  She read the 
information as it scrolled over her laptop's screen, looking up to deliver the 
thankfully good news.  "He's suffering from severe dehydration."  

"So, a glass of water will make him better then?  I'll go get," Ryoko shook her 
head along with her mother, grinding her teeth as it wasn't that simple.  "Then 
how much does he need then?  I'll bring him the whole damn lake if he needs 
it...!"

"He exhausted his Jurian power, which means he needs Jurian water to replenish 
it.  The wings apparently need more than just love to run on.  Since Tenchi 
doesn't drink from Jurai's waters often or at all, harnessing the wings power 
twenty four hours a day and seven days a week puts a tremendous strain on his 
body, whether he knows it or not.  So, the energy (and sweat) he put off to 
screw the seven of us was the same as if it were just one Tenchi going for over 
30 hours nonstop!  I should've know there was a negative side to their little 
link, but oh no.  Anyway, the good news is that if we make a quick run to Jurai 
and get him on a fluid I.V. drip of Jurian water for a few days, he'll be fine."  
Washu said, smiling brightly as the simplicity of this task was simpler with the 
appearance of Azusa and company in the house.  "Where are you taking him?"

The smiles turned into worried glances, as Sasami and Tsunami picked his body up 
and walked towards the familiar holding tanks a few dozen feet away.  Washu 
blinked a few times, noticing a tube raise without the proper buttons--or any 
buttons for that matter--pressed.  They placed Tenchi inside and without notice 
or warning, the tube filled with what was hopefully water.  

"Watch," Sasami's voice called back to the others, as Tenchi's body floated into 
a standing position without drowning.  The goddess and her associate placed 
their hands on the glass, causing the whole thing to glow as though it were a 
miniature sun.  The water lost its illumination almost before it began, but what 
had everyone startled were Tenchi's eyes.  Wide open and glowing with the same 
intensity as the water beforehand, his eyes reflected that Tsunami had powered 
him up to the umpteenth.  "There, Jurian water," Sasami quipped with a beaming 
smile.  

"And as a bonus, his stomach will convert the water of this planet to that of 
Jurai's, ensuring that this type of thing never happens again.  No need to go to 
Jurai, because Jurai--in a sense--lives here."  Tsunami finished in lead chorus, 
as Washu sort of scratched her head with a nervous grin at overlooking Tsunami's 
presence.  However, she had an uneasy worry that more genetic altering had been 
done to him.  The scientist was thankful and all, but there were risks involved 
in just decreeing that his stomach would turn into a water converter.  

Tenchi blinked a few times, not quite able to make out what Sasami-Tsunami had 
said because of the water.  One thing was clear though, and it was that he felt 
great.  He recalled passing out--seven different times no less--but everything 
after that was a mystery.  Taking little more than a few more seconds to gather 
himself, Tenchi passed through the glass and onto solid ground.  

"Why does this all feel so familiar?" he thought absent-mindedly, bundling his 
wet hair and allowing it to fall down his back.  No one made a sound, but it was 
obvious that the group consensus was that of happiness.  It took a few seconds 
for everyone to get going, but soon, greetings and well wishes immediately 
swamped him.  Washu, however, had neglected to greet him in light of another 
problem that needed fixing.  

"Nagi, what happened in there?" the scientist asked quietly for Nagi's benefit, 
watching the bounty hunter sweat under the pain that was screaming inside of 
her.  Nagi hadn't let go of her lower stomach since she had seen her, and the 
fact that she kept breathing so raggedly had Washu minutely worried.  

Her eyes narrowed defensively, still quite upset with Washu from the incident 
from yesterday.  "I'm fine."

"I didn't say you weren't," Washu remarked calmly, as Nagi stepped into a trap 
that wasn't set.  "I can help you if you'd like.  I'd imagine even a woman of 
your abilities has to have limits when it comes to things like that."

"What's that supposed to mean?"  Nagi snapped.  "I'm a little sore, nothing 
more... nothing less."

Washu shrugged, almost appearing genuinely to buy that, but immediately began to 
type on that omnipresent laptop.  Nagi tried to whirl around to see what 
happened, but only moaned as something small brushed by her back.  

"Hmm, you stopped lubricating," Washu said rather frankly.  "You've got a small 
tear in your uterus and several small, friction burn lesions on your cervix." 
the scientist stated plainly ignoring her improper method of learning such 
things.  Another flurry of button presses later and a small hole opened over her 
left shoulder from which she produced a small bottle with a crab label.  "Take 
one of these if you want the pain to stop and if you don't want an infection."

"And who's to say that one of those things wouldn't kill me?" Nagi asked 
skeptically, barely able to contain herself from running towards the bottle and 
swigging its contents in blind hope for relief.   

"If I wanted you dead, you'd be dead.  Tenchi loves you, so you're okay in my 
book, despite what may have happened in the past.  I'm really not that bad once 
you get to know me," Washu said with a smile a little less nefarious than the 
one from the day before.  "Besides, I'd be a little more original about killing 
you than the old poison pill bit." she added, placing the pill bottle on the 
edge of the table.  "In the meantime, I need to figure out what triggered Mr. 
Masaki's increase in testosterone output, because I don't think most of us can 
endure that again."

Mr. Masaki, on the other hand, had listened rather drably to the news of the 
houseguests just beyond the laboratory door.  Azusa, of all the times and all 
the days, he'd pick today to show up.  Tenchi had been quiet ever since Ayeka 
told him, exchanging looks with her that the others didn't necessarily get or 
like.  On the bright side, maybe Azusa had come for a visit simply to check in 
on his children, after all, it had been seven years since his last one.  

"Okay, so it's just him, your mom, Funaho, Azaka, and Kamadake?" Tenchi asked, 
making sure that he didn't leave anyone out.  Everyone nodded, despite the 
question's person specific intent.  "Well, I guess we shouldn't be rude and keep 
everyone waiting, then."  An almost anticipatory look came over Tenchi's face, 
Sasami-Tsunami noticed, as he closed his eyes and concentrated.  Instead of the 
slow proceedings of earlier, the transformation occurred as it always did: Fast 
and with blinding light.  It never ceased to amaze him how second nature all of 
his new abilities were becoming.  Flying, energy swords, splitting his body into 
seven pieces... it was all turning into base human function for the young man.  

"Do you think it's safe to be doing that so soon," Mihoshi asked, despite the 
fact that'd it'd already happened.  "I mean, shouldn't you, you know.  Rest 
first?"

"On the contrary," the Tenchi designated to the blonde detective began, "I feel 
great."  He flexed his fingers and stiffly cracked his neck back and forth.  A 
systematic stretching began between the group of newly reformed siblings.  They 
soon noticed the odd silence, but turned to find five rather lasciviously 
smiling faces.  "Maybe we should stop," Ayeka's Tenchi suggested, though half-
heartedly.

"On the contrary," the Princess began, curbing her smile into a faint smirk, 
"don't stop because of us.  You wouldn't want to pull a muscle or anything."  
Everyone laughed at the collective eyebrow raised on each of Tenchi's faces.     

"Well, as much as I don't mind you bare ass naked," Ryoko said, giving a pinch 
to her Tenchi's butt with a wicked grin.  "I don't think they'd appreciate it... 
or deserve to see it."  

Tenchi smiled himself, saying, "I suppose you're right.  Too bad I didn't get 
that nifty little 'wear what I want' thing from... you." There was a group 
blinking, even a halt by Nagi's Tenchi who was on a path towards her, as a blue 
dress appeared on his body.  Not only his body though, every one of them were 
smocked in one.  "...Not one word."

"That dress does nothing for your figure." Ryoko couldn't help but say, 
sputtering and failing to contain her laughter.  Ayeka's haughty laughter was 
the first officially released.  It trickled over to Kiyone who followed by 
Mihoshi, on over to Sasami-Tsunami, and even back to Washu who'd looked up from 
her keys to see what the commotion was about. 

"Yeah, laugh it up.  Now how do we get out of these things and make sure this 
doesn't happen again," the chorus of Tenchi whined while tugging at the dress 
that seemed like a second skin.  

Ryoko wiped tears from her eyes as the tails on the dresses began to twitch 
erratically.  She composed enough to say, "Look... it's just like flying and the 
rest.  Concentrate first, then focus on something that you'd like to wear and 
you'll wear it."

Seven pairs of eyes shut and they focused inherently and unconsciously on the 
same outfit.  The dress shifted into a black T-shirt and a pair of jeans.  
Opening their eyes, they all checked to be certain everything went according to 
thought and it had.  The clothing issue ended once Tenchi spotted Nagi, in as 
much pain as he'd left her in before.  Tenchi continued on his path to her while 
the others were preparing to file out and meet Azusa and company.  

"How are you holding up?" he asked softly, placing himself between Nagi's direct 
visual contact with Washu.  Nagi was certain that Washu couldn't see her, so she 
allowed her head to fall forward against his chest.  

"It hurts," she confessed, muffling her voice into his shirt and fighting the 
tears back.  "She said she'd help me, but I think she's trying to kill me with 
those pills." 

Tenchi turned his head and surveyed the landscape for the pills in statement, 
eventually landing on a small bottle at the edge of Washu's medical table.  He 
lightly pushed Nagi back and walked over towards them.  Tenchi stood there for a 
moment with his hand on the bottle, glancing at Washu from the corner of his 
eye.  They watched each other for a moment, before Washu motioned her head no in 
response to his silent query.  With that established, Tenchi retreated to Nagi.

"Open," he commanded, holding the single pill the bottle contained between his 
index finger and thumb.  

"No," Nagi protested, eyeing the white pill suspiciously.  "She'll just kill..."

"No she won't," Tenchi reassured her.  "Please... even if you don't trust her, 
can you trust me?"

She looked at him, studied him for a nervous twitch that would give her reason 
to doubt him.  Nagi looked away and opened her mouth, unable to look at his 
sincerely worried face for another minute.  He was trustworthy, or at the very 
least, he could convey the emotion and look of a person you'd expect to be as 
much.  Nagi felt the weight of the pill on her tongue and closed her mouth to 
taste the pill for poisons, yet it turned to powder in an instant and absorbed 
into her tongue before she could spit.  Nagi tensed, waiting for her insides to 
melt or simply fall dead at his feet, but neither happened.  In fact, mere 
seconds elapsed with the only side effect being that of her pains fading.  The 
heat that raged inside of her was gone and it no longer hurt to breath or stand. 

"Better?" Tenchi asked with a hopeful look in his eye, noticing that Nagi had 
quit sweating and breathing so deeply.  She stood completely upright, giving him 
a small kiss in response to his question and in thanks.  

"We do things... softer from now on," Nagi said with a rather feeble scowl, as 
their lips parted ways.  Tenchi nodded once, secretly thankful that their odd 
battle-sex would be over now.  

"Cute robe," Tenchi commented, as they stared into the other's eyes.  >From 
where his bare arms touch her sides, it felt like silk.  The black dragon 
swirled from the knee-length of the robe and stopped over her right breast, this 
accentuated the red material fittingly.  "Ow," he cried out, as Washu gave him 
an injection directly into one of his jugulars.  Before Nagi could react with 
venomous words, Washu had begun her explanation.

"Just a little something that should keep your hormones in check while our 
guests are here," Washu chided about his rampant sexual appetite of earlier.  
Nagi and Tenchi turned to see the others holding their necks in similar spots, 
as Washu had made the rounds obviously.  "Now, are we all set?"

There was a lackluster bunch of mumbles, but everyone gathered in front of the 
portal door anyway.  Sasami-Tsunami and Ayeka had gathered at the back of the 
line of couples, not exactly anxious to see their father's reaction.  The bell 
jingled as the door opened by Washu who, with her Tenchi, preceded the group of 
people into the hallway.  The visitors had assembled on the couch, with both 
guards resting in the chairs at either end.  The footsteps from the hall behind 
them made everyone stand.  They all gasped, confronted by the most shocking of 
sights.  The couples stood side by side behind the couch and prepared to 
acknowledge their guests.

"Hello," the couples all said, minus the royal children among them.  Azusa was 
again poised to ask the question of the day, when his wife leaped the couch and 
made a beeline for her daughters.  

"Sasami... Ayeka!"  The overjoyed mother gushed, grabbing both girls around 
their necks and delivering a hug of bone shattering proportions.  "Oh, my babies 
have gotten so big!" her face frowned, waiting expectantly for an overzealous 
return of affection.

The girls looked at each other and then to the group around them before 
squealing, "Mommy!"

Nagi being the only one unaccustomed to this raised an eyebrow then looked up at 
Tenchi for his take on it.  He lowered his mouth to her ear, whispering: "Don't 
ask."  

"What was that?" Misaki asked defensively, somehow managing to move from Ayeka 
and Sasami to Nagi and Tenchi without either hearing her approach.  "Tenchi... 
you've grown!  You're so handsome, isn't he Funaho!"  The woman cried, switching 
moods into hug that was smothering.  Without necessarily thinking about it, he 
vanished from her grasp, causing the emphatic woman to fall.  A sharp grunt 
pierced everyone's hearing as Tenchi faded back into place on Nagi's right this 
time, as Azusa was beginning to lose patience in the situation.  

"Would someone kindly explain... what the hell is going on around here?" the 
emperor bellowed.  

"Long or short version?" Ryoko's Tenchi asked taking a great deal of amusement 
from his great grandfather's twitching face.  Azusa's eyes locked with the young 
man who'd spoken, narrowing in a dangerous glint before he spoke.

"Long," he said precisely.  

"Sit down," Ayeka's Tenchi then responded, ignoring the tightened grip her hand 
took on his hand.  

"Because this is going to take awhile," Sasami-Tsunami's added, as the beginning 
of a very long day was coming underway.





Author's Notes: Hello and welcome to quite possibly the longest thing I've ever 
written.  Don't worry about anything that I didn't address in this chapter, 
because I'll get to it in the next.  In the meantime, take it easy people, as 
you probably won't see another word from me until some time after I quit having 
spasms over Halo and/or DOA3.  



      

            



        



 

  
            

   
            





      



          
   

  
    

     

      
    

              

      

 

     

 

    

  

 
 





 

       

 



       
   

          

      

  

  



  



