This fanfic is a continuation of the 'Dirty Cops' lemon fanfic by someone 
else, unfortunately the name of this writer wasn't included in the file. If 
I find out who I'll give proper respects.
This story just left one opening which just had this 'Didn't anyone see 
this opening?' kinda of feeling. Well, here it is.

Tenchi Muyo! (TV series) fanfic, slightly lemony.
Dirty Cops; YFUC (You Fucked Up Considerably)
Written by Marc "Eucep" Tuijtelaers.
21 November 2001.

Legal crap, I don't own Tenchi Muyo and crew, don't got money, okay.
As for the lemony stuff, point is, most under aged people simply aren't 
interested in TM anyway (and reading as well) so what chance is there that 
they'll read this anyway? Okay, so let's start the story.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sasami: "I wonder why Mihoshi was so happy just yesterday?"

Ryoko: "Yeah, but now she is hogging the toilet, can't be breakfast tough 
Sasami."

S: "Still, no one else here with stomach problems?"

Aeka: "Say, Kiyone, you seem to be in a lot better mood now these last few 
days. Have you made amends with Mihoshi or something?"

Kiyone: Grins slightly. "Well, we made up, but I think I'm going to check 
upon her now, OK? Okey." Rushes off.

Washu: "Ohiyo everyone. Ryoko, here you go." Tosses her a bottle. "The 
stuff you and Aeka asked for." She grins. "But be warned, he might not get 
satisfied with you two if he takes this stuff." Takes on a puzzled face. 
"Still I wonder where I left that last batch."

A: "Don't worry, he won't be needing the greatest scientist in the world 
with this."

R: "Yeah mom, so no peeking."

W: Sighs. "Now be gentle." And poof she vanishes.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

K: "Hey, Mihoshi, what's wrong." She looks at Mihoshi who acts as if she 
has some kind of stomach flue. On her knees in front of the toilet.

Mihoshi: "I.. don't know.. Aaggh.. this just tastes horrible.. grab me some 
water will you please?" Continues, but luckily soon stops.

K: Returns with a glass of water. "Here you go." As she passes the glass 
she brushes hands with Mihoshi, giving her a grin.

M: "Thanks." Guzzles down the water. "Ahh, that's better." Waits a minute 
and stands back up. Then they both walk into the hallway. "Kiyonie, can we 
go back to the Yagami and have some more fun?"

K: "Maybe, but I think we have to rethink how we'll do." Drops her pants 
and underwear to her tighs. "See. It's back to normal now."

M: "No problem Kiyonie, we'll manage." Gives a few small kisses just above 
Kiyone's crack.

K: Shivers. "Please, not here, the others are around." Pulls up her 
clothing. "To bad you lost those pills, otherwise I probably would have 
another boner in seconds." She stifles a laugh.

W: "Aha, so that's where the potion went."

M and K: "AAAHH."

W: "So you two have been very naughty it seems. Do I understand this right 
that thanks to my pills you got a male sexual organ." Kiyone nods.

M: "Please don't tell the rest of what we are doing."

K: "Yes please Washu-san."

W: "Only under one condition, you both come to my lab now. I want to know 
if it hasn't done any damage."

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

W: "Oh my, oh my, this is utterly ridiculous, this can only happen to 
Mihoshi." Looking at various read outs from the scanner that is keeping an 
eye on Mihoshi.

K: Very red worried face. "Will she be all right?"

W: "Oh she's fine for now, but that throwing up is only the start of the 
trouble brewing Kiyone." She turns to face Kiyone. "What you thought was 
only a deformation of your body, was a completely functional organ and the 
rest was simply hidden in your body. That's why I managed to find some 
traces."

K: "And you are trying to tell me?."

W: "That within eight months that you will be the proud father of Mihoshi's 
baby."

K: Faints.

W: "Figures. Ah well, better go tell Mihoshi and then the rest. We can't 
keep a pregnancy secret from the rest." Then yells. "MECHA-WASHU, bring 
Kiyone to the living room will you?"

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

R: Rolls over the floor with a gigantic belly roar. "Daddy Kiyone. 
WHRAAhaha. Pffptr. I can already see it in front of me. WhahaHAHAHA."

A: "I'm sorry, but are you 100% sure?"

W: "As 100% as it can be. She has a one month old fetus with a genetic 
make-up of Mihoshi and Kiyone. It will be a girl for sure with only female 
genes as building blocks."

M: "I'm gonna be a mommy." She quietly hums in the background with a big 
grin.

S: "I'm going to be an aunty." Sasami cheers at Mihoshi. All the wile 
keeping a cool damp cloth to Kiyone's head.

Yosho: "What's all this ruckus about? I could hear you all back in the 
shrine." He listens at Mihoshi. "A mother? Is Mihoshi pregnant?"

W: "Yes, she is pregnant. And I assume you want to know who the father is?"

Y: "I don't believe it to be Tenchi as he is in Tokyo now, but then who?"

W: Points at the figure on the ground. "She is."

Y: Looks incredulous. "But, but, I thought she was female?"

W: "She is, but she ingested an experimental aphrodisiac and temporarily 
turned into a hermaphrodite." Then points at Mihoshi. "And of course she is 
at the core of this accident."

Y: "Of all the crazy things that have happened here to this date this has 
to be one high in the top ten." He too has to stifle a laugh. "But are they 
sure that they want to keep the baby, well, Kiyone that is. Mihoshi is 
obviously happy about it."

K: Yawns and stretches. "I just had this weird dream.. Eyh, why is everyone 
staring at me." Listens to the background chittering of Mihoshi. "Oh no, it 
wasn't a dream. How? The pills. No way. A baby?" She starts to sink back 
into the couch.

S: Hugs Kiyone. "Isn't it great, you're going to have a child. A love-child 
with Mihoshi."

K: Thinks for a moment. "Yeah, a love-child." Then Mihoshi hugs her from 
behind.

M: "You'll be the best daddy there will ever be." She kisses Kiyone on the 
cheek. "And I'll be the best mommy there will ever be."

S: "And I'll be her aunty Sasami." She utterly beams.

M: "Yes Sasami, I wouldn't have it any other way."

K: "Well, it seems that all of our secrets are out, ne Mihoshi?" And she 
hugs her partner back. "I wonder what they'll think of this at HQ? Mitsuki 
especially."

A: "I wonder what Tenchi will think of this."

W: "Either he'll have an hart attack or will take it in stride after all 
the previous happenings around here." She grins. "Well I'm going back to 
work." And poof vanishes.

R: "So any idea for a name for her?"

K: "How are you so sure it's a her, oh wait, Washu right?" Sees the others 
nod. "No I don't have any idea yet."

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Well that's the end for now. But the end is open, maybe I'll write another 
chapter following this one, but I give it out to the rest of you all. 
Actually the whole purpose of this one is just that, a challenge. To write 
a descent (don't care which kind –normal-lemon-cross-) fanfic about how the 
crew will deal with this one. Will Aeka and Ryoko finally get Tenchi with 
Washu's pills? What will the name of the baby be? How will the baby look 
like? Will it be the ultimate terror for space pirates when she grows up 
(consider Mihoshi's luck combined with Kiyone's dedication)? It's up to a 
writer who will pick up this storyline.

Oh yeah, I couldn't resist the link with the 'Mugen' TM fanfic series, 
"DADDY!"

Eucep: "Where there is chaos, creativity thrives. Likewise, where Mihoshi 
is, chaos thrives. It's just an unwritten law of physics."
Washu: "As if I hadn't figured that one out yet?" Pushes a button and a 
giant statue falls on the head of the dragon-half. "Wise-ass."
Eucep: "Gurgle." Goes KO.

29 November 2001