[Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are the
property of AIC and Pioneer LDC, Inc. and was created by
Masaki Kajishima.  This story comes entirely from my
imagination, and is strictly intended to be apocryphal--so
please don't sue me.]

*** Parental advisory: ***

*** This contains some adult scenes! ***

1    EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Tilting upward to a night sky.  Clouds drift past a
shooting star.

2    EXT. YARD

     Sasami chases Ryo-Ohki around the yard.  (Sasami
appears to be about fifteen--a youthful pre-Tsunami.)

3    EXT. MAIN HALL (windows)

     Mihoshi is staring at the TV.

4    INT. MAIN HALL (sofa)

     Mihoshi's vacant gaze seems frozen on her face.  She
scowls for a moment and picks up a snack.

     MAIN HALL (ceiling)

     Ryoko lies on a support beam, reading a book.  She
holds out her right hand, and a white line of light appears.
The light spins and stretches, then resolves into a circle.
She then closes her hand over the light, shutting it out.

     CU. RYOKO

     She sits up and looks at her hand expectantly.  She
opens her hand and smiles.  She then frowns and looks down.

          RYOKO:  Hey, Mihoshi!  What are you watching?

     CU. MIHOSHI

     Eating a snack.

     MAIN HALL (sofa)

     Ryoko teleports next to Mihoshi, glaring down at her.

          RYOKO:  Mihoshi, didn't you hear me?

     Ryoko waves her hand in front of Mihoshi's face.  No
response.

     CU. RYOKO

     Looks around at the TV.

          RYOKO:  I said, what are you--  (goofy-contralto)
Whoa-ho...  Hello?

     Her eyes glaze over and she starts to grin.  A nervous
twitch flickers through her face, and she hits herself.

     MAIN HALL (sofa)

     Ryoko yanks away her gaze and glares at Mihoshi again.

          RYOKO:  (strained)  Mihoshi, are you deaf?

          MIHOSHI:  (wistful)  Huh?  Oh, Ryoko.  What's up?

          RYOKO:  What is this?  Where did you find this on
TV?

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  (grimacing)  It isn't a TV station.
It's one of honorable Father's videos.  I thought it was
educational.  I was just checking what it was, but I can't
seem to stop watching.  It's so hypnotic.

     CU. TV

     An ECU of a man on his back performing cunnilingus on a
woman above him.

     CU. RYOKO

     Slowly looks around again.  She looks at the screen and
flinches.

          RYOKO:  Oh!  That's so gross!

     She slowly looks around again and begins to get a good
stare going.

     MAIN HALL (sofa)

     Ryoko goes to the TV, adjusting the volume.

          MIHOSHI:  Uh...  I don't know if that's a good
idea.

          RYOKO:  This has sound, right?

     A soft rhythmic moaning emanates from the TV.  Ryoko
starts to grin again and sits at the sofa.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh my god, that isn't real.  It can't
be...

          RYOKO:  (leaning back)  I never knew education
could be so revealing.

     CU. TV

     A medium forest scene with a woman performing fellatio
while riding her muff diver.

     MAIN HALL

     Ayeka slowly descends the stairs, brushing her hair.

          AYEKA:  How is it that I always find you two doing
something peculiar?  I simply must have peace if I am to
maintain my beautiful skin, you know.  Do you expect to
avoid wrinkles, if you horse around like children?

     Ayeka looks over at the TV, and the brush falls out of
her limp hand to the floor.  Her face starts turning deep
red.

     CU. TV

     The woman arches her back in ecstasy.

          WOMAN:  Ah... fuck!  Yeah!

     CU. AYEKA

     Grimaces as a nervous twitch goes through her face.

          AYEKA:  (strained)  What in the world are you
watching?

     MAIN HALL (sofa)

     Ryoko looks around at Ayeka--a grin still plastered on
her face.

          RYOKO:  Oh, hey Princess.  I thought you were
curious about what Earthlings do for fun.  Well, now you
know.

          AYEKA:  But they are--  They are--  (she looks
away)  Oh, this is so embarrassing.

     CU. TV

     The scene has switched to the couple in missionary
position.

          MAN:  Oh yeah, fuck!  Ah...!

     Some moaning starts to build.

     CU. AYEKA

     Straining to look down.

          AYEKA:  (clutching her head)  I must not look.
This is simply dreadful.  What would Lord Tenchi think?

     CU. RYOKO

     Looks back at the TV.

          RYOKO:  (chuckling)  Well, Ayeka.  Tenchi is from
Earth.  This is probably just something people from Earth
are expected to watch.  This is his father's video, after
all.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (sighing)  That explains it.  Sometimes,
Lord Noboyuki is nothing but a scoundrel.  It shouldn't
surprise me that he would have something like this in his
possession.

     CU. TV

     The action is building to a furious climax and a chorus
of moans.

     MAIN HALL (sofa)

     Mihoshi and Ryoko stare and Ayeka fights an urge to
look.  Ayeka starts to tremble.

     CU. AYEKA

     She looks up, rabid with curiosity.

          AYEKA:  (goofy-contralto)  Oh, whoa--

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (wryly amused)  Hey Princess, I thought
you were too good to include yourself among us scoundrels...

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (starting to grin)  Put a sock in it,
Ryoko.  I'm trying to watch.

     CU. TV

     A smash-cut to the man performing anal intercourse.

     MAIN HALL (sofa)

     They all flinch.

          RYOKO:  Oh, that's so unreal!

          AYEKA:  (pondering)  They're not really doing what
it looks like they're doing?  (stunned)  Oh my god, they
really are--

     CU. TV

     An ECU of the previous shot.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     A fresh look of bewilderment on her face.

     CU. RYOKO

     Frowns in irritation, then starts to grin.

     MAIN HALL (sofa)

     Sasami suddenly appears.

          SASAMI:  Hey guys!  What are you watching?

     Ayeka gasps and tries to put a hand in front of
Sasami's eyes.  Sasami dodges and ducks, curiously.

          AYEKA:  Sasami!  You are much too young for this.

          SASAMI:  No, I'm not.  Don't be so overbearing,
Ayeka.  I'm nearly an adult, you know.

          AYEKA:  Sasami, leave the room immediately.  That
is an order!

          SASAMI:  (chuckling)  What is this?  A workout
video, or something?  It looks like fun.

     CU. TV

     The couple are moaning and writhing in ecstasy.

     CU. RYOKO

     Laughing hysterically.

     CU. SASAMI

     She grabs Ayeka's hand and looks.

          SASAMI:  Stop that, Ayeka.  I want to watch.
Whoa!  They're--

     CU. TV

     Medium shot of the couple in a mutual pumping action.

     CU. AYEKA

     Hides her face in shame.

     CU. SASAMI

     Frowns with confusion.

          SASAMI:  They're not working out, are they?

     CU. RYOKO

     A spasm of giggling.

          RYOKO:  It looks like a workout to me!

5    TITLE:  "EPISODE 25:  SILLY RIDDLES"

6    MAIN HALL (sofa)

     The four are still watching the TV.  Sasami frowns and
looks down, sighing.

          SASAMI:  I think I'll go prepare some dinner.  I
can't watch this.

          AYEKA:  That's a good idea, Sasami.  You go do
that.

     CU. TV

     Medium shot of the man using a dildo on the woman--as
she lays on her back.  She gives him a hand job.

     CU. SASAMI

     She looks back around as she reaches the door.  She
then turns and sighs again.

     MAIN HALL (sofa)

     Ryoko frowns, thoughtfully.

          RYOKO:  Boy, you're right, Mihoshi.  This stuff is
hypnotic.

     CU. TV

     ECU of the woman starting to pump her fist,
frantically.

     MAIN HALL

     Yosho enters and adjusts his glasses.

          YOSHO:  What are you girls watching?  It looks
like you're really mesmerized.

     Ayeka gasps and hides her face again.

     CU. YOSHO

     A little embarrassed.

          YOSHO:  Ah...  (very quickly)  Well, I suppose
it's only natural for healthy young women to be, uh--
Especially under strenuous circumstances, to uh--  I think
I'd better go, now.

     MAIN HALL

     Yosho hurries from the room.  Ayeka groans in shame.
Ryoko laughs.

     CU. TV

     Medium shot of the couple spasming in mutual orgasm.
The woman is hit in the face with cream as she yells in
climax.

          WOMAN:  Fuck!  Fuck!  Fuck!  Argh!  Yeah!

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Hey Yosho, you're missing the best part!

     CU. AYEKA

     Still hiding her face.

          AYEKA:  Oh, Earth culture is so hideously
barbaric!

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Yeah, isn't it great?

     CU. MIHOSHI

     Scowls for a moment, then goes back to a vacant stare.

7    INT. KITCHEN

     Sasami prepares some food.  She stops cutting for a
moment, then returns to work.  Ryo-Ohki walks up next to
Sasami, in her humanoid-child form.

          RYO-OHKI:  Eat?

          SASAMI:  Oh, hey Ryo-Ohki.  It's not time to eat,
yet.  I still have to cook this.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  The others are behaving like such
children.  It's strange, but I think I'm the only adult
around here.

     KITCHEN

     Sasami pets Ryo-Ohki on the head.  Sasami then turns to
the range and starts to fill the pots.

8    INT. MAIN HALL (sofa)

     Ayeka is hiding her face as Ryoko scowls in
disappointment.

          RYOKO:  I think you can look up, Ayeka.

     Ayeka looks up and gasps.

          RYOKO:  Oops, sorry.  Okay, now it's over.

     CU. AYEKA

     Trembles in shame.

          AYEKA:  How terrible!  I shall never watch TV
again.  How can I ever look at myself and my beautiful skin
the same way?

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (chuckling)  Well, at least now you know
why Noboyuki acts the way he does.  I've always wondered--

     CU. MIHOSHI

     Comes out of her trance.

          MIHOSHI:  (annoyed)  What a humiliating thing to
see!  That was just so degrading!

     MAIN HALL

     Mihoshi takes the video from the player.

          RYOKO:  (matter-of-factly)  Yeah, I think men are
such swine.  Let's see it again.

     Mihoshi angrily breaks the video.

     CU. RYOKO

     Flinches in shock.

          RYOKO:  Hey!  What did have to do that for?

     MAIN HALL (near door)

          SASAMI:  (OC)  Is it over?

          AYEKA:  Yes, Sasami.  You may enter.

     CU. SASAMI

     Brings in a couple dishes of food.

          SASAMI:  (subdued)  I'm so mortified.  I can't
believe you all could disgrace yourselves like this.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (irritated)  What's so disgraceful about
it?  It's perfectly natural, don't you think?  You people
are just far too sensitive.  I thought it was kind of sweet
and poetic.

     CU. DOOR

     Tenchi enters.

          TENCHI:  Hey girls!  I'm back.  So, what's for
dinner?

     CU. RYOKO

     She looks shocked for a moment, then grins,
sadistically.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     Still twitching in anger.

     CU. AYEKA

     Blushes and cowers in shame.

     CU. SASAMI

     She sighs and looks up at Tenchi, very sullen.

          SASAMI:  Hi, Tenchi.  Welcome back.  I've prepared
us some nice food.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (looking around, doubtfully)  Am I in the
right house?  This is the Masaki residence, right?

9    EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     A nice early morning frame.

10   INT. MAIN HALL (table)

     Tenchi sits at the table, reading a paper over some
coffee.

     CU. TENCHI

     He calmly takes a drink, then looks around.

          TENCHI:  Oh, hey there!  Good morning, Sasami.

     MAIN HALL (near table)

     Sasami approaches the table, wearing a blanket around
her shoulders.

          SASAMI:  Good morning, Tenchi.

          TENCHI:  I didn't know you were in here.  Did you
sleep out here?

          SASAMI:  Yeah.

     Sasami sits down next to him.

          TENCHI:  What for?  You get in a fight with Ayeka?

          SASAMI:  No.  Ayeka was acting like a child,
though.  I just wasn't comfortable.  I'd rather not talk
about it.

     CU. TENCHI

     Flipping a page.

          TENCHI:  Oh.

     CU. SASAMI

     Looks sullen and thoughtful.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi, you ever worry about what you
might become, one day?

     MAIN HALL (table)

          TENCHI:  Hmm...?  Oh.  You mean, what it's like to
be an adult--

          SASAMI:  No.  I mean, do you ever worry about
changing into someone completely different from yourself?

          TENCHI:  (a little nervous)  Do you?

          SASAMI:  No.  Well, I never did until last night.
(sigh)  Things can change very quickly, can't they?

          TENCHI:  The others were acting pretty weird, too.
You sure you don't want to talk about it?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (smiling)  Very sure.  I'll see you
later, Tenchi.

     CU. TENCHI

     He frowns for a moment, then takes another sip of
coffee.

11   INT. LIBRARY

     Mihoshi is sitting over a notebook, writing--an open
book next to her, as if for reference.  Ryoko is sitting
across from her, concentrating on a small pyramid of light
in her hand.  The pyramid stretches one way, then the other
and spins, slowly.

     Tenchi enters the library, the paper under his arm.  He
lifts the cup of coffee to his lips and takes a drink,
considering.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     She looks up.

          MIHOSHI:  (unflustered)  Oh, hey Tenchi.  I see
you're up early.

     CU. RYOKO

     Still concentrating on her pyramid of light.

          RYOKO:  Morning, Tenchi...

     CU. TENCHI

     Ponders for a moment.

          TENCHI:  Have you girls seen Ayeka?  I need to
have a little chat with her.

     LIBRARY

     Ryoko shrugs.  Mihoshi stares thoughtfully for another
moment.

          MIHOSHI:  Uh...  I think she's out in the
fields...  I'm not too sure, though.

     CU. TENCHI

     Looks thoughtfully around.  He takes the paper in one
hand and softly taps his head with it.

          TENCHI:  Okay...

12   EXT. CARROT FIELD

     Ayeka kneels down over a row.  Tenchi enters scene,
still holding the paper.

          TENCHI:  Good morning, Ayeka.

          AYEKA:  (looking up)  Oh, good morning, Lord
Tenchi.

     CU. AYEKA

     Looks back down at her work.

          AYEKA:  Isn't it a beautiful morning?

     CU. TENCHI

     Frowns in confusion.  He takes the paper and taps his
other hand with the end.

          TENCHI:  Yeah...  Ayeka, you mind if I ask a silly
question?

     CU. AYEKA

     Stunned for a moment, then looks up.  She smiles and
wipes away some sweat.

          AYEKA:  Not at all, Lord Tenchi.  There are no
silly questions, you know.

     FIELD

     Tenchi kneels down next to Ayeka.

          TENCHI:  (softly)  What are you doing?

          AYEKA:  I'm weeding.  What does it look like I'm
doing?

          TENCHI:  Ah...  (pondering for a moment)  Why?

          AYEKA:  Because, Lord Tenchi--otherwise, the
fields would grow foul and useless.  Someone must weed, you
know.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (smiling wryly)  I meant, why are you
weeding?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (softly chuckling)  Because it is what I
wish, Lord Tenchi.  You wish for me to cease?

     FIELD

     He slowly stands, tapping his paper again.

          TENCHI:  No.  I don't mind.  Go ahead.

13   EXT. NEAR CAVE ENTRANCE

     The old burial chamber of Ryoko, now overgrown with
weeds.

     Tenchi approaches.  He frowns and taps his paper again.

          TENCHI:  (softly)  Why?

     CU. SASAMI

     Sitting on a high branch in a tree.  She frowns
thoughtfully and leans forward.

     NEAR CAVE

     Sasami lands softly behind him.  She slinks up to him
and looks over his shoulder.

          SASAMI:  (softly)  Why what?

     CU. TENCHI

     He turns, alarmed.  He then sighs in relief.

          TENCHI:  (chuckling)  Sasami, you scared me.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (smiling)  Tenchi, what are you thinking?

     NEAR CAVE

          TENCHI:  (starts to smile)  Huh?  Oh, nothing.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi, don't be naughty.  I want to
know.  You're thinking about Ryoko, aren't you?

          TENCHI:  Huh?  Uh...  Oh, yeah.

          SASAMI:  (playfully scowling)  Don't lie to me,
Tenchi.  I can tell when you're lying.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (chuckling nervously)  Oh, I think you're
a big girl, now.  You want to know what I'm thinking?  Just
try and make me talk.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (a little shocked)  What did you say?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (firm)  You heard me.

     NEAR CAVE

          SASAMI:  (almost serious)  I can make you do a lot
more than talk, Tenchi.

          TENCHI:  (chuckling again)  You'll have to catch
me, first.

     CU. SASAMI

     She narrows her eyes, grinning viciously.

     CU. TENCHI

     Turns away just as Sasami leaps at him.

     NEAR CAVE

     Sasami rolls past and immediately rolls into a crouch.

14   EXT. WIDE HILL FIELD

     Low, wide-angle shot facing Tenchi as he runs.  Sasami
gives chase.

     CU. SASAMI

     Making a bold leap.

15   EXT. WIDE HILL FOOT

     Sasami tackles him, pinning him down.  The paper goes
flying.

          SASAMI:  Ha!  Got you!

          TENCHI:  No way!  You can't hold me!

     CU. TENCHI

     He struggles and Sasami giggles.

     HILL

     Sasami has him pinned.  She counters his best arm and
leg throws with martial precision.

     CU. TENCHI

     Apparently beat.

          TENCHI:  Okay, maybe you can.  You win.  All
right--now what?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (playfully)  Now, I eat you!
Predator-prey, Tenchi!

     HILL

     Sasami snarls and playfully brandishes a bite just
above him.  Tenchi chuckles, nervously.  Sasami eyes him
carefully, as he relaxes.  She frowns and leans down, as if
to kiss him.

     CU. SASAMI

     Tumbling backward--looking very surprised.

     CU. TENCHI

     Chuckling as he is running again.

     CU. SASAMI

     Very annoyed, as she slowly gets up again.  She smiles
and leaps after him again.

16   EXT. WIDE HILL FIELD

     Tenchi continues to run.

          SASAMI:  (OC)  No fair, Tenchi!  You should play
by the rules!  Now, I make my own!

17   EXT. NEAR CAVE ENTRANCE

     Tenchi approaches the cave entrance again.

     CU. TENCHI

     Does a double-take.

     CU. ALCHEMIST

     Stands in the cave entrance, making a beckoning gesture
to Tenchi.

     NEAR CAVE

     Tenchi stands for a moment at the cave entrance, a
little indecisive.

18   EXT. WIDE HILL FIELD

     Sasami stops for a moment as she considers what Tenchi
is doing.

19   EXT. NEAR CAVE ENTRANCE

     Tenchi enters the cave.

20   EXT. WIDE HILL FIELD

          SASAMI:  (softly)  Tenchi?

21   EXT. NEAR CAVE ENTRANCE

     Sasami approaches the cave entrance slowly.  She looks
in, carefully.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi!  You can't get away if you try to
hide.  I have you cornered for sure!  Tenchi!

22   EXT. SUNNY PLAIN

     A vast, grassy, sunny plain.  A small tent stands among
the waving fields.  A long trail leads through the fields to
the tent entrance.

     CU. ALCHEMIST

     Looks very calm and wise.

          ALCHEMIST:  You can believe whatever you wish,
Tenchi, but I believe your grandfather was merely bored.  He
simply had no idea you would prove to be so much trouble.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (sigh)  I was wondering when I would see
you again.  Still deciding where you should retire, I see.

     PLAIN

     The alchemist bows and gestures assuringly.

          ALCHEMIST:  You are very perceptive.  I hope you
do not feel unwelcome after this experience.  Most people,
when confronted with hidden powers of their own, find it a
very unpleasant experience.  (taking out the paper)  This is
yours, I believe.

          TENCHI:  (taking the paper)  Oh!  Thanks.  I
thought I'd lost it.  (frowning)  Is Sasami going to be
okay?

          ALCHEMIST:  (shrugging)  You made it out of the
cave before, didn't you?  Shall we continue this
conversation inside?

          TENCHI:  (looking around)  Well, if you insist...

23   INT. TENT

     The alchemist sits on the ground before a round pool of
water, framed by a metallic, golden rim.  The water is flat,
like glass, and glows--giving illumination to the tent in
soft shades of green and blue.  The alchemist gestures, and
Tenchi goes to sit across the pool of water from him.

          ALCHEMIST:  You know, you really shouldn't worry
about Sasami.  She can handle herself.  I should know.

          TENCHI:  Oh yeah.  I almost forgot, you two had
met before.  She could never quite bring herself to talk
about it.

          ALCHEMIST:  (wistfully)  She didn't strike me as
the talkative type...

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (casually amused)  You were thinking
about making her your apprentice?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  (a little annoyed)  Yes, I have to
admit, I was.  She turned out to be... a little distracted.
Well, shall we begin?  I'm eager to see these hidden powers
of yours.

     TENT

     Tenchi scratches his head, nervously.

          TENCHI:  I'm still confused.  How does this work,
again?

          ALCHEMIST:  It's very simple, Tenchi.  Just answer
the questions the best you can.  There's no right answer, so
don't worry about trying to figure it out.  All right?

          TENCHI:  (irritated)  Uh...  Oh, well.  Okay.
What's first?

          ALCHEMIST:  Let's keep it simple, to start with.
I find that to be best.  First riddle:  What do you get when
you combine a dream with a nightmare?

     CU. TENCHI

     Stares blankly in confusion.

24   EXT. NEAR CAVE ENTRANCE

     Sasami leaves the cave.  She sits and looks around,
idly.

     CU. SASAMI

     Ryo-Ohki (small form) slowly approaches Sasami.  Sasami
is looking up, pondering, when Ryo-Ohki pounces into her
lap.

          SASAMI:  Oh, Ryo-Ohki!  There you are!  Where have
you been all morning?

     Sasami pets Ryo-Ohki, and Ryo-Ohki purrs.

     CU. SASAMI'S FACE

     The emblem on her forehead begins to softly glow.

25   ABSTRACT

     A quick medium side-shot of young Sasami, sinking into
a pool of blood.  She grasps outward with her hand.

26   EXT. NEAR CAVE ENTRANCE

     CU. RYO-OHKI

     Snarling in outrage, then fleeing in terror.

     CU. SASAMI (perspective)

     Shot from behind Sasami, as she reaches out.

          SASAMI:  Ryo-Ohki?  What's wrong?

     She gasps and looks down at her hands.  Her hands are
covered in blood.

     CU. SASAMI (facing)

     She blinks and holds out her hands.  Her hands are
clean, again.

     CU. SASAMI'S FACE

     The emblem dims again.  She trembles, nervously.

     NEAR CAVE

     Sasami nervously stands and walks away from the cave.

27   INT. LIBRARY

     Mihoshi leans over a book sitting near Ryoko.  Ryoko is
holding a shimmering sphere above both hands.

          MIHOSHI:  Wow!

     CU. RYOKO

     Flinches and gasps in pain.  She frowns and looks
around at Mihoshi.

          RYOKO:  What do you think you're doing?

     CU. MIHOSHI

     Pondering vacantly.

          MIHOSHI:  You realize that you're doing something
that this book (brandishing another book) says is totally
impossible?

     LIBRARY

     Ryoko snarls and moves her book away.  She then rubs
the palm of her left hand, soothingly.

     CU. RYOKO

     Looking thoughtfully down at her book.

          RYOKO:  What I find impossible to believe is that
you are able to read my books in the first place, Mihoshi.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     Looks up in confusion, then smiles.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh.  But I thought they were Tenchi's
books...

     CU. RYOKO

     Glares at Mihoshi.

          RYOKO:  They're mine.  So, stop looking at them!

28   INT. TENT

     Tenchi frowns.

          TENCHI:  (musing)  I don't understand how there
should be any connection between a fire alarm and a weeping
statue.  What is this about, really?

          ALCHEMIST:  (a little flustered)  Tenchi, you
didn't expect to be able to figure it out yourself, did you?
In this line of work, you have to take certain precautions.
You wouldn't reach into an oven without gloves, I assume?

     CU. TENCHI

     Sighs in frustration.

          TENCHI:  Fine.  I guess I should understand.  You
don't want to interfere.  It might upset my natural
development, I suppose.

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  (amused)  No offense, Tenchi, but I
don't really care about your development.  I just hate it
when people can copy my work.  (he starts to chuckle)  I
have to protect my investments.  I am retiring, after all.

     TENT

     Tenchi groans in irritation.

29   INT. MAIN HALL (table)

     Sasami carries a cup of tea to the table and sits
across from Ayeka.

     CU. SASAMI

     She stares at Ayeka with an expression of anger mixed
with trepidation.

          SASAMI:  Ayeka, what's wrong with me?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (barely stunned)  Wrong?  What could be
wrong?  You're not still mad about last night, are you?

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Sasami continues to stare.

          SASAMI:  (outraged)  How can you think about that
at a time like this?  Help me!

          AYEKA:  Sasami, what has come over you?

          SASAMI:  What's wrong with me?

          AYEKA:  (sigh)  Just calm down, Sasami.  You're
fine.  You have nothing to fear.

          SASAMI:  Are you sure?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (casually irritated)  Don't question me,
Sasami.  I am your older sister.  Don't you forget it.  I
said you were fine.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (calm and remorseful)  I'm sorry, Ayeka.
I won't bother you again.

30   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ayeka and Sasami continue to sit.  Tilt up to balcony,
where Ryoko looks down briefly, then floats up the stairs.

     CU. RYOKO

     Floats up the stairs, looking devilishly eager.

31   INT. NOBOYUKI'S BEDROOM

     Ryoko floats through the door and looks around,
curiously.

          RYOKO:  (to herself)  Hmm...  Now, if I were that
dirty old man, where would I hide educational videos?

     CU. RYOKO

     Frowns as she looks around the room.

          RYOKO:  (softly)  Why he lets that nitwit stay in
here, I'll never know.  What a mess.

     BEDROOM

     Ryoko looking through a set of compartments.

          RYOKO:  Hmm...  No, not here.

     CU. ALCHEMIST

     Standing directly behind her.

          ALCHEMIST:  (softly)  Looking for something?

     BEDROOM

     Ryoko gasps and turns around quickly.

          RYOKO:  What?  What are you doing here?

          ALCHEMIST:  Me?  What are you doing here?  Not
neglecting your studies, are you?

          RYOKO:  (scowling)  Hey, I spent all morning
studying.  I'm just taking a short break.

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  (grinning)  Yes.  Nothing like a
little stroll through other people's personal possessions,
is there?

     CU. RYOKO

     Clenches her teeth in irritation.

     BEDROOM

     The alchemist playfully punches Ryoko on the arm.

          ALCHEMIST:  And you call me a dirty old man!

          RYOKO:  I'll call you whatever I want!  Anyway,
what are you doing here?  It isn't polite to sneak up on
people, you know.

          ALCHEMIST:  (casual)  Oh, just taking a break,
myself.  I wanted to see how your studies were progressing.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (smirking)  I just finished volume
fifteen.  I've mastered all the forms, haven't I?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  Hmm...  Yes, impressive.  Well, now
that you've finished the preliminary work, I can start you
on the main course of study.  Here you go...

     He holds out a rather large book.

     BEDROOM

     She snatches the book.  She strains and holds it up,
reading the cover.

          RYOKO:  'On Turning Gold Into Straw'?  Is this
some kind of joke?

          ALCHEMIST:  Well, I have to admit it's a flashy
title.  I needed something with punch in it for marketing.
I assure you, though, this book is the real study of
alchemy.

          RYOKO:  The real study?  What have I been
studying?

          ALCHEMIST:  Oh, those were all just silly
nonsense.  I just needed to test you, to see if you were
serious about this course of study.

     CU. RYOKO

     Barely restraining herself.

          RYOKO:  You had me studying nonsense for three
years!  Oh!  I'm going to kill you, old man!

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  (casual)  You left out 'dirty.'

     BEDROOM

     Ryoko glowers for a moment, then starts to stalk toward
the door.

          ALCHEMIST:  (casually)  You should really take
this study more seriously, Ryoko.  It isn't every day that I
offer an apprenticeship.  I'm a very patient man, but even I
have my limits.

          RYOKO:  (a little stunned)  You won't back out of
our arrangement?

          ALCHEMIST:  (musing)  I haven't decided, yet.  As
you are now, I could never let you have Tenchi, but I could
let you borrow him for a little while.  Would that suffice,
Ryoko?

          RYOKO:  (turning, angry)  You son of a bitch!

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  (chuckling)  You're so amusing to me,
Ryoko.  You know, you're the reason Tenchi doesn't show his
affections toward you, but there is really nothing wrong
with you.  Tenchi doesn't despise you, but you can do
nothing that can impress him.  It's hopeless, you see.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (grim and bitter)  Oh!  You are so
disgusting!  Why are you doing this to me?

     BEDROOM

     The alchemist folds his arms, considering.

          ALCHEMIST:  Would you prefer that I left?  Now
that you know what you know, can you truly go back to what
you were?

          RYOKO:  (stiff, looking down)  No.

          ALCHEMIST:  (casual)  Good.  (firm)  If I disgust
you, it's because I reflect the truth.  I don't have time to
paint a pretty picture of what you would like to think you
are.  The truth is, you disgust me.  I see great potential
in you, Ryoko, but you always fail to utilize it properly
and you always will.

     CU. RYOKO

     Looking up, suddenly very angry.

          RYOKO:  Hey!

     BEDROOM

     Ryoko standing alone.  She looks around and scowls.

          RYOKO:  You son of a bitch!

32   EXT. FLOATING ONSEN

33   INT. POOL

     The entrance opens for Sasami, looking somewhat sullen
and thoughtful.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     Sitting in the pool, holding a cup.  She flinches and
turns.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh!  Oh, Sasami.  What are you doing
here?

     POOL

     Sasami sits with her feet in the water.

          SASAMI:  Just going to wash up.  You don't mind?

          MIHOSHI:  Uh, no.  I was just leaving, anyway.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (pondering)  You know a lot about
criminal behavior, Mihoshi?

     CU. MIHOSHI

     Standing in a towel.  She looks stunned for a moment.

          MIHOSHI:  Uh...  Oh, yeah!  I guess I do.

     POOL

     Sasami looks around at Mihoshi.

          SASAMI:  (casually)  Is a heat-of-passion crime a
greater or lesser offense than premeditation?

          MIHOSHI:  (a little nervous)  Uh...  It's
generally a lesser, although it usually carries a stiffer
sentence.

          SASAMI:  Really?

          MIHOSHI:  Uh, yeah.  Is there something you want
to tell me, Sasami?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (annoyed)  No.  Thank you.  I was just
curious.

34   INT. TENT

     Tenchi is looking across at the alchemist, pondering.

          TENCHI:  She didn't take it too hard, I hope.
Ryoko can be very sensitive, you know.

          ALCHEMIST:  (wistful)  More so, lately.  She
carries a lot of baggage in her head, but--then again--I've
never seen anyone recover from a personality fragmentation,
either.  She can be very durable, Tenchi.

          TENCHI:  (frowning)  She can be like fingernails
on a chalkboard, but she means well.

          ALCHEMIST:  Very well put, Tenchi.  Let's
continue, shall we?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  I hope you're getting somewhere, because
I'm totally stumped.  I'm not even sure I have a hidden
power.

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  Just a few more questions.  I'm
starting to realize what it is, myself.  It's just
surprising that I didn't realize this sooner.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (amused)  You can't give me a hint?

     TENT

     The alchemist looks vaguely annoyed, as Tenchi
chuckles, nervously.

          ALCHEMIST:  (stiff)  The only thing I can
comfortably say is that in times of stress, you can produce
light hawk wings.  But you were already aware of this,
correct?

          TENCHI:  (disappointed)  Oh, yeah.  (sigh)  Okay,
what's the next riddle?

          ALCHEMIST:  Let's try another simple one.  I like
the creative way that you answer the simple ones.  Here
goes:  You're in a plunging airplane with three daughters.
One daughter is wise, another beautiful and another
courageous.  Now, you have only one parachute.  Who do you
give it to?

          TENCHI:  (laughing)  Sorry, I was just thinking
I'd probably take it myself--but that's not the right
answer.

          ALCHEMIST:  It's not?

          TENCHI:  (calmly)  Okay, let me think.  Hmm...

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  The beautiful one.  That's the answer.
Yes.

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  Beauty wins the test of survival.
(softly)  Why am I not surprised?  (casually)  So, how did
you reach this conclusion, might I ask?

     TENT

          TENCHI:  It's simple, really.  You can't give the
parachute to the courageous one--she'd probably throw it out
a window and demand that we all die together.  You wouldn't
want the wise one to take it--you'd want her in the cockpit
figuring out why the plane is plunging.  That leaves the
beautiful one--who would probably be more than happy to go.

          ALCHEMIST:  Yes, this explains a lot.

     CU. TENCHI

     Frowns in confusion.

35   EXT. MASAKI SHRINE

     A nice, mid-afternoon frame.  Yosho walks out to the
steps with a cup in his hand.  He sits and starts to drink.

     Ayeka is sweeping out in front.  She looks up.

     CU. YOSHO

     He sets down the cup, smiling knowingly.

     SHRINE

     Ayeka flinches in shock.  She drops the broom and runs.

     CU. YOSHO

     Sighs with amusement.

     SHRINE

     Tenchi approaches the shrine, still tapping the paper
in his hands.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Wasn't that Ayeka?  What was she doing?

     CU. YOSHO

     Rolls his eyes.

          YOSHO:  I think she was sweeping.

     SHRINE

     Tenchi goes to stand near Yosho at the steps.

          TENCHI:  Those girls were acting strange
yesterday.  I never did find out what that was about.

          YOSHO:  (gesturing)  You mind?  I haven't seen the
paper, yet.

          TENCHI:  Huh?  Oh, yeah.  (handing him the paper)
I forgot I had it.

          YOSHO:  Thank you.  (opening it up to read)  The
girls did seem to be acting very strange.  I'm not sure why,
either.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  It's not something I did, is it?

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  (casual)  I'm sure it's not.  I think
there are just some things it's better not to know about.

     SHRINE

     Yosho continues to browse through the paper.

          TENCHI:  I think we've managed to round up all the
diplomats.  There's sure to be a few more stragglers,
though.  It's really amazing that the whole thing is still a
secret.  I don't know how word doesn't leak out.

          YOSHO:  Still tracking, huh?  I thought you were
done with all that months ago.

          TENCHI:  It's mostly just guard duty.  Those
diplomats are all softies.  They whine about the least
little things.  I think they like me because I'm a familiar
face.

          YOSHO:  Yes.  I was wondering about that.  It is
good work, though?

          TENCHI:  The pay is lousy, but I like it.  The
monotony has really brought out a creative surge in me.
I've doubled the size of my portfolio in the past six
months.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  (frowning)  Ah.  I see you had an ulterior
motive.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (chuckling nervously)  It's good work.  I
like to get off-planet every now and then.

     CU. YOSHO

     Looks thoughtfully over the paper.

          YOSHO:  You are doing well, I hope?  Is there
anything I should know, Tenchi?

     CU. TENCHI

     Vaguely perplexed.

          TENCHI:  I'm fine.  Why do you ask?

     SHRINE

     Yosho folds the paper and stands.

          YOSHO:  It's good to hear.  I like to know where
you stand, Tenchi.  It eases my mind.  (handing him the
paper)

          TENCHI:  I understand, Grandpa.  Don't worry about
me.

          YOSHO:  (thoughtfully)  Do me a favor, Tenchi.

          TENCHI:  Yes?

          YOSHO:  Finish sweeping, would you?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (subdued)  Yes, Grandpa.

36   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Early evening.

37   INT. KITCHEN

     Sasami is cooking and Mihoshi is peeling potatoes.
Tenchi enters.

          TENCHI:  Hey, girls.  What's for dinner?

     Tenchi reaches for the pot and Sasami hits his hand
with a spoon.  Tenchi flinches, playfully.

          SASAMI:  Stay out of that, huh?

          TENCHI:  Carrots again?  Don't we have something
else?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  It's mostly for Ryo-Ohki.  She's been in
a bad mood since this morning.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Oh.  Okay.

     Tenchi looks a bit shocked as he is suddenly yanked
downward behind the counter.

     CU. SASAMI

     Gestures for quiet as she holds Tenchi down by the
shirt.  She glances thoughtfully at his right shoulder, then
looks up cautiously.

     CU. TENCHI

     Looks at Sasami questioningly.

          RYOKO:  (OC)  Hey, Mihoshi.  Have you seen Tenchi?

          MIHOSHI:  (OC)  Oh!  Uh...  No, I haven't seen
him.

     A few beats pass, as Tenchi starts to look annoyed.

          TENCHI:  (softly)  Why did you do that?

     KITCHEN

     Sasami looks back at Tenchi.

          SASAMI:  (half-serious)  I think I might have just
saved your life.  Ryoko has been stalking around with a
vengeance today.

          TENCHI:  (to himself)  I can imagine.  (casually)
So, what can I do to return the favor?

          SASAMI:  Well...  You could explain this to me.
(gesturing at his shoulder)  'Dream of Immortality'?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Oh.  I felt bad about something that
happened a while back, and I wanted to make sure and hedge
my bets a bit.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (frowning)  What?

     KITCHEN

          TENCHI:  It's a symbol of protection, actually.
If all else fails, I have the tattoo.  I don't think Ryoko
will want to kill me if she sees it.

          SASAMI:  (softly)  You romantic scamp!  You don't
think it'll actually work, do you?

          TENCHI:  (matter-of-factly)  I hope I never have
to find out.

     Tenchi and Sasami slowly stand again.

          TENCHI:  Oh, hey Mihoshi.  Have you seen my video
'Restless Cooks In the Wilderness'?  I think I forgot it
last time I went off-planet.

          MIHOSHI:  (stunned)  What?

          SASAMI:  (shocked)  That was yours?

     CU. TENCHI

     Frowning with innocent confusion.

          TENCHI:  (casually)  Yeah.  (snorting)  You don't
think I actually watch that stuff?  I just sell videos to
diplomats for a little extra cash.  Diplomats are such
perverts.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     Hides her face in shame.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (very annoyed)  Why did you leave it in
honorable Father's collection?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (wistful)  Oh, that's where it was.  Oh
yeah.  I forgot.  I ran out of room in my carrying case.
(laughing)  Oh!  That's why you girls were acting so
strangely.  Wow!  You didn't actually watch that video?

THE END
