All characters in this story belong to pioneer and some other people. Who
cares onto the Story!

(At the table in the Masaki home)

Everyone was in there respective seats. Tenchi and Sasami were talking and
laughing, Ryoko and Ayeka were arguing over which food was the best, and
Washu sat at the end fidgeting and waiting to get back to the lab.

" Hey, Tenchi where are Mihoshi and Kiyone?" Ryoko asked suddenly.

"Yes, Lord Tenchi where are they it's not the same without Mihoshi's
clumsiness and Kiyone's yelling at her for spilling something or other on
her." Ayeka giggled at the thought.

They had to go to GP headquarters for a week or two." he said as he thought
about Kiyone and him on the roof.

When Dinner was over Tenchi helped Sasami with the table when Washu left
early for some reason.

"She probably had something important to work on," said the little girl as
she finished the last dish, "She was working real hard when I came and got
her for lunch."

"Yeah, I guess your right Sasami," Tenchi said as he finished cleaning off
the table, "I hope nothing bad is happening."

(Back in Washu's Lab)

"Man I need to relieve some tension," thought washu as she shed her vest.

She snapped her fingers and a door appeared with a crab symbol on it.
She opened the door and there was a woman that looked exactly like her.

"Hello Mecha-Washu." She said as she unbuttoned her shirt.

"Oh, hi Lil Washu, are you horny again?" said the Bot in a ditsy voice.

As she to started unclothing with her creator.
Washu had sat at that table for what seemed like all day and had been
anticipating this moment for a while.
She hopped onto the bed. The bed rolled out in waves and the other washu
crawled sexily towards her with her back arched and an evilish grin.

Well, let's get started then," She said as she tackled the real scientist
and
kissed her deeply.

Her tongue explored her mouth until...Bite. Wash bit down hard on the now
teary eyed toy.
Washu held her tongue and told her to lie on her back the robot did as it
was
told and was soon staring at Washu's leaking pussy.

Lick it bitch make me scream" She was very built up and was in need of
pleasure now

She grabbed a lock of the robot's hair and put her hand on the back of its
head.  She pushed the Washu look-a-like into her dripping cunt.

The robots Metallic tongue slid deeply into Washu making her forget the
day's
events.
She only thought of herself as she started to rock back and forth on the
robot as it viciously licked her pussy. Washu started to moan as she felt
her
pressure building up inside.
She could feel her climax coming as she arched her back further and further
then suddenly she needed something more to push her over the edge she needed
something in her mouth.
She lifted herself up and got in the 69 position with her robot companion.
Washu's legs quivered at the thought. Washu began to make circular motions
with her hips, meeting the robot's face.

"I never thought it would be this good having sex with myself" she said as
she turned the robots horniness level up a couple notches.

The Robot was now exploring washu with her hands caressing all of her most
delicate parts.
She then found what she was looking for.  Washu let out a whimper as the
robot massaged her clit with her smooth fingers. This was all the scientist
could take she arched her back and let out a scream as her juices flowed out
in a waterfall into the robots face.


(Galaxy Police Headquarters)

It was a usual day at the main office; people in gray uniforms walked and
scurried about. A short man walks into his workroom. There were two officers
standing talking. One was a catlike woman with green hair; the other was a
tall, built man with a stern look on his face.

"Sorry I'm late sir," says the shorter man," I was up late."

The short man shot a sly grin to the catlike woman. The catlike woman
blushes
and starts typing on the computer in front of her.

"I don't want to hear your excuses Major," says the tall man.

Suddenly the woman screams as her computer explodes and glass shards fly at
her. The two men run out and see that everyone is panicking and fire is
every
where the taller man stops a female officer with red hair.

"What's going on," he asks with a look of panic on his face.

The woman jerks her arm away and says; "He's escaped!"

The woman the runs off only to get sucked into deep space as the wall tears
away and sucks everything in the hallway towards it. The major is hit by a
table and is knocked out as the ship starts to contract and expand.

(Deep Space)

A giant explosion can be seen as a black object flies past. The stars shine
bright as Lady Tokamy watches on. She then looks down and to her left in the
direction the object was flying. There is a small blue planet far off in the
distance.

"Earth," Lady Tokamy sighs with a look of concern in her eyes. She then
disappears into the cold, black space.

(Back at the Masaki household)

"Ryoko," yelled an angry Tenchi, "you know you're just going to start a
fight."

Looking out a window an angry Ayeka screams, "You monster what are you doing
hanging on MY Tenchi."

Tenchi sighed at what he knew would happen.  Tenchi thought.

Later Ryoko and Ayeka were arguing about whose fault it was that the roof
had
6 holes in it, Sasami was in the kitchen cooking, Mihoshi was watching TV,
Kiyone was talking to Tenchi as he hammered on the roof.

"So, Tenchi how did it happen this time," Kiyone asked while looking
lovingly
at Tenchi.

"How could you not know," said Tenchi while wiping a bead of sweat off his
brow, "Ryoko and Ayeka were fighting over which one of them I should choose
again."

"Well, Tenchi maybe you should just pick me instead," Said Kiyone with lust
in her voice.

Tenchi wasn't sure what to say. "Well, Ugh haha ha I don't know," Tenchi's
Eyes were closed so he didn't know that Kiyone had gotten right up to his
face.

When Tenchi opened his eyes he stopped talking and looked into Kiyone's eyes
they were about to kiss when Kiyone's watch popped and started to smoke.

"Ugh God why know," groaned Kiyone as she inspected her watch.

By then Tenchi was on the far side of the house hammering again.  Thought
Kiyone as she crawled down the ladder. Suddenly she could here Mihoshi's
crying.

Mihoshi was sobbing as she tried to talk to her partner, "I <sniff> was just
<sniff> watching TV when <sniff> my watch <snort> burned out <sniff> I
promise Kiyone <sniff> I didn't <sniff> spill coke on <snort> it again."

Kiyone just sighed and told her partner it was OK.

"Oh OK," exclaimed a much happier Mihoshi.

"But, we do have to go back to headquarters," sighed a very stressed Kiyone.

As they were stepping outside Tenchi was coming off the ladder. He looked
over and saw down both of their shirts. Tenchi went pail and his nose
started
to bleed. He tried to cover it up the best he could.

"Bye Tenchi," yelled Mihoshi in a sad voice.

"Where are you going," Tenchi said as he put his hand over his nose.

"We have to go back to headquarters for a while our watches are busted so we
can't communicate with home base," Said a flustered GPO, "Don't choose
anyone
without me OK." She whispered as she walked by him. "Come on Mihoshi!" "

BYE TENCHI," yelled the blonde as they lifted off the ground with tears in
her eyes, "I'll miss you."

"BYE," Tenchi yelled back with a smile on his face.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~*~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

~~~~~~

Hey, That's the end of chapter one of my "The Erotic Remote" series. Hope
you
liked it. If you have any comments E-mail me back at T soldier01@aol.com
Special Thanks to: James Padilla for his help and support. (author of the
erotic Torture Chamber)If you like washu you will love this.
I am also a proud member of JPLWA. Thanks for reading my lemon.

Dark_Washu01
