_____________________________"FATE" Chapter 1_______________________

Author Note* I don't Tenchi, Ryoko, or anyother characters or tradmarks of
Tenchi Muyo so don't sue me.

It was a beautiful winter morning, the cool crisp air was blowing in through
Tenchi's window. Tenchi stirs in his bed at the cool breeze and feeling cold
pulls up the blanket to get warm. But as he reaches for it he feels
something very warm brush against his back, he turns around to find that it
is Ryoko.

"Ryoko, why are you in my bed?"

"It was cold in my bed all alone, so I thought I would get into yours",
Ryoko says with a little naughty smirk on her face.

"Well you sure feel warm, I guess you aren't that cold."

"Well, it is warm when you press skin against skin."

"What?!" Tenchi looks under the blanket and realizes that Ryoko is totally
naked. He jumps out of bed and takes off for the men's bath.

"Man, what can I do to get him to feel the same way I do?" Ryoko gets out
and realizing she is still naked and that she searches for one of
Tenchi's T-shirts to wear. Finding one she slips it on.

"Hmhmm not a bad fit, and it smells just like him."

********************************Meanwhile**************************************
Tenchi runs in the men's bath and slams the door behind him.

"Whew, made it", Tenchi says with a sigh.

"What's troubling you Tenchi?" Kasuhito was sitting against the wall soaking
in the bath.

"Oh, its Ryoko." "She won't quit popping in and sleeping with me in my
bed.(I know he is a pussy for this, Me personally I would kill for the
chance.)

"Well, you know Tenchi you will have to choose a wife someday and she cares
for you deeply does she not?"

"Yeah, but I don't want to hurt Aieka or Ryoko." "What am I gonna do?"

"Well, just follow your heart and ask yourself which girl makes you happy
and which one do you want."

"Thanks Grandpa you always know just what to say." Tenchi says goodbye to
his grandfather and heads back to his room with a renewed sense of courage
to find Ryoko but she has already left.

Ryoko has gone to one of her favorite spots, a tree that overlooks the lake.
Instead of her regular clothes she is wearing Tenchi's T-shirt and some blue
jean cut-offs. She sits there on a branch with her arms around her legs
crying.

"Why can't he just give me a chance", Ryoko thinks with tears rolling down
her cheeks.

"Maybe he is already in love with Ai....NO!!!!!!!! That can't be possible!"

"I won't accept that!" "They're has got to be someother reason for him not
wanting me. Ryoko begins to cry again and leans up against the tree.

Meanwhile, Tenchi has gone looking for Ryoko and thought she might be by the
shrine so he goes up the path and stops for a rest and hears the faint sound
of crying. He follows the sounds to find Ryoko in a tree with her head
burried in her arms, sobbing her eyes out. This image breaks Tenchi's heart.

"Oh, Tenchi why can't you love me", Ryoko yells out loud. Tenchi is shocked
by this action.

"But I do love you Ryoko", Tenchi says gazing at Ryoko.

Ryoko whips around to find Tenchi starring at her, not hearing what he had
said.(obviously)

"Tenchi, I uh..." Ryoko is embarrased and is turning crimson red and is
about to fly away when Tenchi jumps up into the tree and grabs Ryoko and the
two lock in a passionate kiss, their tongues probing each other's mouths.
Ryoko can't believe that Tenchi's tongue is moving inside of her mouth and
he is doing this of free will. Ryoko relaxes and falls limp into Tenchi's
arm, he pulls her close to his chest and what seems for like an eternity is
shattered when Tenchi breaks the kiss.

"Ryoko, don't say a word I want you to listen to what I have to say." Ryoko
just nods and gazes into Tenchi's eyes. "Ryoko, I love you, I have loved you
since the day that I met you when I released you from that cave and when you
attacked me at school." "All I could think about was how cute you were, even
though you were trying to kill me I couldn't take my eyes off of you." "The
only reason I fought Kagato was to save you because I cared deeply for you
and loosing you would be like loosing a part of myself."

"Then only reason that I haven't said anything until now is because I didn't
want to hurt Aieka, I love Aieka but only as a friend." "But you I love in
an entirely different way that Aieka."

Tears flood from Ryoko's eyes and she buries her head into Tenchi's chest
and clenches onto him tight. She looks up at him and Tenchi looses himself
in those golden eyes of hers.

"Oh Tenchi I have wanted you to say those words everysince I've known you, I
was in that cave for a long time and I was lonely." "Kagato had me enslaved,
doing his work for him, all my life I've been a slave and no one cared about
me."

"But you, you are the first person to say that they care about me." Ryoko is
crying uncontrolably.

"Tenchi, just hold me, hold me and never let go."

"I will never let you go......" "Tenchi they're is somewhere I want to take
you, will you come with me?"

"I will follow you to the edges of the universe."

"Then come we have a long trip ahead of
us.........................................................................



