Standard disclaimer; Tenchi Muyo is owned by Pioneer, Misa and Riko created
by

Brian Burke, Devon Kane created by me, Kenn Sprinkle.

First Knight; Chapter Five,

Project Ryoko,

        Tenchi awoke the next morning, he grinned slightly. Last night had
been
somewhat of a bust. When he'd put the moves on Ayeka, she'd reacted just as
Devon had predicted. But what his friend hadn't known is that she'd have
kicked him in the balls. When Devon had returned from the movies with the
others, Tenchi had filled him in. Devon had winced sympathetically.

        Now he had one more person to seduce, Ryoko. Somehow that didn't
seem to be
as trying a project as the others. Tenchi rose and stretched, working the
sleep out of his muscles. He dressed for his morning jog with Devon.

=====================================

        Devon was also rising early as was his habit, he kissed his
sleeping lover,
Kiyone, then dressed for his morning run. For the last week or so he'd been
helping Tenchi seduce four of the seven women in the house, to find out
which ones truly loved him. It had not been an easy time, especially since
most of them could demolish a planet without half trying.

        Devon finished dressing and leaned down to kiss Kiyone again, he
left her
sleeping soundly in their bed. He and the beautiful GP detective had been
together for a couple of months, but had only recently begun sleeping
together. That had begun after they'd confessed their true feelings for one
another.

        Devon walked down the stairs, to find his friend already waiting
for him.
Devon spoke, "Morning, Tenchi. How're the family jewels feeling."

        Tenchi grinned, then said, "They're okay. Ayeka didn't hit me too
hard."

        The two men went out, and began their morning run. Because they
could
control their breath very well, they had a conversation as they ran, Devon
asked, "So how do you plan to put the make on Ryoko?"

        Tenchi was silent for a moment, he said, "Well, I think I should
just wait
until she comes into my room, and watches me sleep."

        "Sounds like a simple straight forward plan to me, and it just
might work."

        They returned to the house for breakfast. Misa was preparing
breakfast this
morning to let Sasami sleep in. She greeted them warmly, they also noticed
Washu seated at the table.

        The four of them ate breakfast in companionable silence, then the
two young
men went out to do their usual after breakfast ritual of a three hour
practice.

========================================================

        At dinner that night everyone noticed that Ayeka was very cold and
impersonal to Tenchi, Sasami commented that her sister was acting more rude
than usual. Ayeka left the table in a huff. Devon made an off hand remark,
"What's got her kimono in a twist."

        Everyone chuckled at that. Tenchi noticed that little Riko was
beginning to
droop, she'd had a busy day helping in the carrot patch. Tenchi picked up
his foster daughter, "Misa, if you want to help Sasami clean up, I'll put
the munchkin to bed."

        Misa nodded her thanks, Tenchi carried the little girl to her room,
put her
in her pj's and tucked her in to her bed. He told her a bedtime story and
soon she was asleep.

        Everyone else was watching TV, Tenchi went downstairs to join them.
After
finishing the dishes Sasami and Misa bid everyone good night and went to
their rooms. Mihoshi soon followed.

        Noboyuki and Yosho retired shortly afterwards, Washu returned to
her lab to
catch up on some work. Tenchi bid everyone good night and Ryoko went to her
beam. Devon shut the TV off and held out his hand to Kiyone. The lovers
walked up the stairs to their room, as they passed Tenchi's door, Devon
rapped twice on the frame.

        Tenchi heard the knock, and tapped his foot on the floor three
times. it
was a signal to indicate that he was to be the only one awake.

==========================================================

        Ryoko waited until midnight, she knew that most everyone in the
house would
be asleep. Now she could go watch Tenchi as she always did. She levitated
from the beam. Floating up, she phased through the floor into Tenchi's
room.
She floated near the bed, and looked down to gaze on his sleeping face.

        When she looked down, Tenchi opened his eyes and smiled at her. She
let out
little gasp. Tenchi rose from his bed, he said, "What's the matter, Ryoko?"

        Ryoko trembled slightly, when she spoke, she stuttered slightly,
"Yyyou
wwere wwaiting for mme."

        Tenchi nodded, and moved towards her, he pulled the cyan haired
beauty into
his arms and kissed her passionately. At first she was startled by the
aggressive move but, the she melted into his arms and responded with equal
passion.

        Tenchi broke the kiss, he stepped back a little, and unfastened the
kimono
Ryoko was wearing. It dropped to the floor, and she stood before him
gloriously and beautifully naked. Tenchi quickly shed his own robe, he
picked up Ryoko and laid her gently on the bed.

        He began to kiss her again, his hands running over her naked body.
Slowly
and sensuously he ran his hands down her sleek sides as he traced a path
fiery kisses down her neck to her large breasts. He laved his tongue over
her nipples until they peaked with passion. Ryoko gasped with pleasure,
especially when one of Tenchi's long fingers entered her damp cleft. He
stroked her to her first orgasm. Ryoko gasped as the power of the climax
overcame her.

        While she lay trying to catch her breath Tenchi kissed his way down
her
belly to her smooth shaven cleft. He lapped at her netherlips, tasting her
sweet juices. Ryoko gasped as pleasure flowed through her again. After
recovering from her second orgasm, Ryoko pushed Tenchi gently onto his
back,
she kissed her way down his chest to his rampant erection.

        She lapped at the bulbous tip causing him to gasp with pleasure.
Ryoko took
him in her mouth and began to suck voraciously. Tenchi groaned as he felt
her hand gently caress his balls.

        Ryoko stopped before he could climax, she whispered, "Tenchi my
love, I
want you deep inside me."

        Ryoko threw a shapely leg over his thigh and grasped his erection.
She
lowered herself onto Tenchi with a deep moan. Tenchi grasped her hips and
began to raise and lower her on his turgid shaft. Ryoko gasped as the
friction built. Tenchi could feel the pressure in his balls building. He
groaned as his climax began to build. Ryoko began to pump faster, Tenchi
felt her internal muscles tighten around him. Seconds later his climax
erupted, he sprayed her insides with a huge load of sperm. Ryoko climaxed
seconds later. She collapsed on top of her lover, kissing his sweaty brow.
Tenchi wrapped his arms around her and held her tight. Of all the girls
this
felt most right.

        Two hours later, they made love again. This time Tenchi was on top.
When
they had finished, Tenchi rolled over so she was on top of him again.

        It was in this position that Ayeka found them that morning. And
Tenchi
realized that it was Ryoko that he loved first.

======================================================

        It was late evening of the day of Ayeka's departure, Washu had
Ryoko in the
lab still.

        Tenchi was worried about his love. But Washu told him that it could
be just
a minor virus.

        Mihoshi and Kiyone had to go up to Yagami, for a three day patrol
of the
solar system, so it was rather quiet around the house.

        Devon had given Tenchi a day off from practice. And the young ninja
master
had spent time in the woods alone, practicing some very special moves. That
same afternoon he had meditated, and he had felt the stirrings of the
Kobudera Kami within himself.

        Now it was dark and Devon wandered out to the onsen. He stripped
off his
robe and slid into the hot water with a soft groan. He heard a soft voice
speak, "Long day today, Devon."

        He turned to find Washu standing at the edge of the pool. She was
in her
child form, she smiled at him slightly. She dropped her robe and stepped
into the water. Her arm brushed against Devon's chest as she reached for
the
soap. Both felt the heat of the contact, this had happened once before, the
morning after her seduction by Tenchi. Washu turned to Devon, she asked
him,
"Why don't you ever make advances towards me, is it Kiyone?"

        Devon smiled gently, he said, "No, Little Washu, it's not that.
It's the
form you wear, to make love to you in that form would be like taking
advantage of a child. It's like Tenchi having to deny his feelings for
Sasami, because she is so young."

        Washu said, "You gave me some advice the night I slept with Tenchi.
You
told me that this form made him uncomfortable, it does the same to you."

        Devon nodded, Washu closed her eyes and a bright glow surrounded
her. When
it was gone, Washu stood a little taller and her body was a little more
developed. In a small voice, she asked, "Could you make love to me now,
Devon?"

        "Yes I could and I will."

        Devon rose, water cascaded from his naked body. He pulled the
beautiful
pink haired woman into his arms. Washu felt the heat of passion from his
body as it touched hers. She felt his hard erection as it pressed against
her belly. Devon kissed her lips, then moved to her cheek and down to her
neck. Washu groaned, as his kisses spread fire through her body. As he
started to move to her breasts, she stopped him. She said, "Later, right
now
I want you inside of me."

        Devon sat down on the edge of the pool, and Washu straddled him.
She
lowered herself onto his turgid erection. Both of them groaned as her tight
heat accepted him.

        Washu began to raise and lower herself on him, she felt Devon's
strong
hands on her waist as he steadied her. They thrust together until the
orgasm
overpowered them. They cried out as the climax flared through them.

        After they rested, they dried and dressed. They walked arm in arm
back to
the house, Devon said, "I think when the time is right you will be my
second
wife."

        Washu said, "I don't know when that will be, but we shouldn't keep
our
relationship a secret from Kiyone."

        Devon pulled Washu to him, he looked down at her, saying, "You're
right,
when she returns, we'll tell her about our feelings for each other."

        They went into the house and up to bed.

        Three days later, when Kiyone and Mihoshi returned. Devon and Washu
told
Kiyone of their feelings for one another. Kiyone was not surprised, she
knew
that Devon had a high place in Juraian hierarchy. And because they had been
honest with her she could show no malice towards them. She welcomed Washu
as
a new sister.