Disclaimer:  Pioneer owns these characters.  I'm just borrowing them for
a time.

Devon Kane belongs to Kenn Sprinkle, and Riko is mine.

The Moldiver joke was inspired by Jeff Foxworthy.

=-=-=-=-=
First Knight

Side Story:  Azusa's Speech

Break out the pillows!

Brian Burke
Tenchii@hotmail.com
=-=-=-=-=

	It is a night like no other.  For many, it is the longest night of the
year.  For some, it is the shortest.  The difference is tolerance to
boredom.  Yes, Azusa is about to make an Imperial Address.

	The only one really excited about this is Ayeka.  "Father's going to
make a speech!  Everyone come to the living room!"

	"The emperor's on!" Tenchi shouts in a child's voice.  "He's on every
channel!"

	"We're going to miss Moldiver!" Devon adds in a similar tone.

	"Well, that's too bad," Ayeka responds.  

	Walking in from the kitchen, Sasami sighs, "well, I guess we can watch
it to be nice."

	"Let me go get my pillow," Devon says.  

	Misa stops him and turns him around.  "Not a chance."

	Riko hops onto the couch, knowing nothing of the event.  "What is this
all about?" she asks her aunt.

	"Your grandfather is going to say some things about our home."

	"If you say so," she responds, waiting patiently.  Shortly, everyone is
gathered on the couch.  Riko makes room by sitting on Misa's lap.  Ryoko
simply hangs in the air above the family.  Ayeka and Sasami sit next to
Misa, who has Tenchi next to her.  Washu and Kiyone sit on either side
of Devon, while Mihoshi sits on the end.  

	~Good evening,~ Azusa starts.  ~The situaton of Jurai is not easy to
describe in simple terms.  There are many aspects to cover to understand
the situation completely.~

	<OH NO!> Misa, Devon, and Tenchi think in unison.  In fact, Azusa's
monotone voice has already bored Riko to sleep.  As she slumbers
quietly, Misa counts her lucky.  She didn't have to hear much of the
speech.

	~The financial situation is as follows.~

	"We're rich, you're broke," Devon replies.  

	"Quiet, you," Ayeka orders.

	~Stocks are up by 3% in some trades while they are up by 3.5% in
others.~

	"Big improvement, eh Devon?" Tenchi asks.

	The said individual has his head thrown back and hands crossed in front
of him.  Snoring loudly, "yeah, just great," he mumbles between 'zs.'

	The rest of the girls burst into laughter.  Ayeka is the exception. 
"You really don't have any respect, do you?" she asks.

	"Not for him," he says.  

	~Agriculture is growing nicely on Andromeda Prime,~ Azusa states.

	Sasami falls asleep, joining Riko in dreamland.  As do Ryoko and
Kiyone.  "Four down," Tenchi says.  

	~Nothing short of greatness, as to be expected from those people.~

	"Great," Devon snores.  "Just what I wanted to hear," he says, followed
by a deafening snore.

	"Tenchi," Misa states, "if you ever become emperor, promise me one
thing."

	"Anything."

	"If you can't say it in ten minutes, don't say it."

	"I agree with you completely, Misa," Devon adds.

=-=-=-=-=
Three hours later.

	~I thank you for your time,~ Azusa concludes.  ~Good night.~  

	On Earth, Devon is no longer feighning sleep.  He IS asleep.  As are
Tenchi, Sasami, Riko, Misa, Washu, (who can sit through any speech!)
Kiyone, Mihoshi, (big surprise!) and Ryoko, leaving Ayeka the only one
awake.  
	"Wasn't that great?" Ayeka asks.  Looking about the room for the first
time in hours, she sees nobody awake.  "Their loss," she says quietly.

	<Got a lot of sleep though, didn't we, Tenchi?>

	<No kidding.  I know insomniacs who would kill for this.>

=-=-=-=-=
Five Years later.

	Tenchi walks into a room devoid of electronic equipment.  On such an
occasion, he would have guessed there would be a room filled with
cameras.  Looking to an open space, he sees a lone figure cue him.  

	Searching his pockets, the young emperor looks frantically for that
which he seeks.  "Oh, well," he says.  "I have it memorized."  Looking
towards the empty area, "good evening people of the empire.  As your new
emperor, I am obligated to give an address.  Finances are fine. 
Pollution is non-existant.  Peace is abundant.  Good night."  Walking
away, "I'm outta here!"

	A shimmering effect takes place as dozens of cameras appear.  "What's
this?" he asks.

	"Holograms.  Would you be able to make a speech with 30 cameras in your
face?"

	"Heck no!"

	"There's your answer.  We hide the cameras to relieve stress."

	Devon walks in with a stopwatch.  "Thirty seconds!  People are going to
enjoy that."

	"I try."


-fin-