Adam Clark (desert_father@hotmail.com)
Tenchi Muyo:  Fortune is Female - Chap.3

     Ryoko pushed the half-finished glass of orange juice away from her and
grimaced, wishing for some of the hot sake that the others were having.
Washu, however, had insisted she drink it for the folic acid, and had made
it perfectly clear to her how damaging alcohol could be to a developing
baby.  Everyone was continuing the celebration with a round of karaoke, but
the singing was rather half-hearted because of the absence of Tenchi and
Ayeka.  Deciding to find out what was going on, Ryoko teleported into the
hallway and looked up the stairs, hearing the first strains of a beautiful
song coming from Ayeka's room.
     More than a physical change had come upon Ryoko after learning she was
pregnant.  She had imagined for the longest time that being chosen over
Ayeka would be pure elation, and while she was very happy to have Tenchi's
love, the knowledge that Ayeka would be devastated over his decision made
her feel sad and guilty.  Deep down, she cared more about Ayeka than she
showed, and a part of her hoped(naively, perhaps) that Ayeka would still be
around after they came out publicly as a couple.  Washu called it "the
consequences of a late-blooming conscience", but seemed surprised and
pleased at the change in her.
     "I wonder what's going on?" Ryoko thought, floating up the stairs and
pressing an ear to Ayeka's door.  The music did not last very long, and
then, after a time, Ayeka began to speak.  Ryoko managed to catch a few
words, but Ayeka's voice was so soft that it was difficult to follow the
conversation.  Ryoko frowned and stepped away from the door, annoyed at
being locked out of the proceedings but certain Tenchi would tell her
everything when he was finished.  A tiny bit of the old jealousy found its
way back into her heart because they were alone together, but she had no
doubts of Tenchi's loyalty to her and their child.
     "So much for that, eh kiddo?" she said softly, laying her hand gently
on her belly, which was just beginning to show.  "Guess we'll head back down
and mama will finish the rest of that icky orange juice."  She teleported
downstairs and caught the heady scent of spirits, sighly deeply.  "I swear,
first thing I'm gonna do after I've recovered from having you is knock back
some of that sake."
     Taking her drink, Ryoko sat next to Sasami and Grandpa, who were
listening to Washu belt out James Brown's "Sex Machine."  Grandpa was
grinning, and had taken it upon himself to cover the girl's ears because of
the volume and suggestive lyrics, which were making Sasami giggle.  Tenchi's
father was searching frantically through the listing of songs for one that
he wished to sing on his turn.
     Ryoko laughed at Washu's antics and finished off her orange juice,
making a sour face.  When the professor finished, she kneeled down and
snapped her fingers in impatience when Nobuyuki wasn't right there to cover
her with a blanket.  Everyone clapped, and Washu took her place beside
Ryoko.
     "Think I'd have to give your James Brown impression nine out of ten
stars, Washu" said Ryoko with a grin.  "I'd make it ten, but you didn't
sound constipated enough."
     "Of course", said Washu, raising an eyebrow.  "Being pregnant, I'm sure
that's something you're quite the expert on."  Ryoko glared at the professor
and would have emptied her glass of her head if it wasn't already empty.
Washu leaned back and put her arms behind her head, then looked over at
Sasami, who kept looking over her shoulder for her sister.
     "Maybe you should go up and talk to Ayeka when Tenchi gets back" said
Washu, patting Sasami on the leg.  "She'll need to know she's still loved
and needed.  Did you hear how they were doing when you were up there spying,
Ryoko?"  Ryoko froze and gulped, having hoped she wouldn't have been missed
that long.
     "I wasn't 'spying'" she managed.  "I was..um..ah..checking the door for
termites."
     Washu rolled her eyes at the poor excuse.  Sasami got up and began
taking everyone's plates and empty glasses to the kitchen, smiling at Washu
as she passed.
     "Ayeka would probably appreciate some tea brought up to her anyway.
I'll go and check on her after I'm through cleaning up."  Washu nodded and
began helping her clear the living room while Nobuyuki began his selection.
Ryoko watched them go and sighed, missing Tenchi and dreading the assault
Nobuyuki's singing would have on her ears.
     "Forget this" she thought.  "Any more karaoke tonight and the kid will
probably be born with a microphone in its hand."  At that, she telported
away, leaving Grandpa alone to listen to his son-in-law's singing.  He
watched her disappear and sighed, then poured himself another bowl of sake.
     "Lucky girl", he thought, and finished the drink quickly so he could
pour another, his only means to drown out the wailing.  He hoped blissful
intoxication would help to deaden the pain.
     Once again, Ryoko went into the hallway to check on their progress, and
was just in time to watch Tenchi's exit from the room.  She smiled and
teleported over to him, taking his hand and giving it a gentle squeeze.  He
looked at her with a blank expression, then laid the case he was holding
down on the floor and took her in his arms.  Ryoko, concerned at the state
of him, held him tight and kissed his cheek.
     "Tenchi, what's wrong?  How did it go?  Will she be all right?"
     Tenchi didn't say anything for a while.  He just held her there for a
minute, then took her hand and the case and led her to their bedroom.  Ryoko
closed the door behind them and looked at him, waiting for the answers to
her questions.
     "Tenchi, what happened?  Please..talk to me, my love.  I'm here."
     He sat on the bed and held his face in his hands, then began to cry.
The outpouring of emotion shocked her, and she sat beside him and rubbed his
back as he wept.  She stroked his hair until he took his hands away, then
let him lay his head on her lap.  Her fingers ran through his hair,
continuing their gentle caresses all the while.
     "She hates me, Ryoko" he said at last.  "I never meant to hurt her,
but..she's become so cold and distant to me now, and she just won't let me
explain...she won't hear me out, Ryoko.  It makes me feel..God, it makes me
feel as if I don't deserve to be happy.  I feel for her, and I'm sorry she's
hurting, but...what can I do?  What can I say?"
     Ryoko kissed him, listening to his words and trying to find the right
thing to say to soothe him.  She hated seeing him so upset, and her eyes
began to tear up as well.
     "Tenchi, I'm not very good at expressing these things, but...in my
experience, in what I've seen, true love can only be shared between two
people.  You don't want to hurt anyone, I know that..I love you for it, but
it's crueller in the long run to keep false hope alive.  I've always known
how hard it would be when you finally made this decision, and I can't
honestly say that I'd feel any differently if you'd chosen Ayeka over me,
but a person has to know what they're getting into when they put their heart
on the line like that.  Everyone's love is special, and everyone wants it to
be returned and respected.  But you can't ever be certain that it's a sure
thing, Tenchi.  It's always a gamble, and all you can do is hope that it
comes up in your favor."
     He looked up at her then, his eyes full of love and wonder.  He took
her hand and kissed the knuckles, his lips turning up in a soft smile
beneath her warm skin.  She returned his gaze and kissed his forehead, then
ran the backs of her fingers along his cheek.
     "You've made me feel a little better, Ryoko.  I still feel for her..I
always will, but you're right.  I'm glad I have you in my life, Ryoko.
You're so strong and wise."
     Ryoko snorted and chuckled, then kissed his lips.  "Charmer.  But don't
tell Washu that.  She'd definitely disagree."
     Tenchi smiled.  Ryoko touched his face again, loving every curve.
     "You and I have been through far too much together, Tenchi.  I've
wanted you too long to ever dream of giving you up, so don't even think
you're getting away from me.  All I want is for you to fight for what you
and I have made, Tenchi.  Our love, our life together, our child.  Can you
look into your heart and do that for me, my love?"
     "Of course I can, Ryoko" he said, moving closer to her face.  "That's
all I'll ever want."
     "Then you'll never be sorry" she said, and gave him a kiss that swore
just as much.

Aldrich "GenSao" Bautista(gensao@geocities.com)
Tenchi Muyo:  Fortune is Female - Chap.3
Lemon
Ryoko and Tenchi's discussion.

Adam Clark (desert_father@hotmail.com)
Tenchi Muyo:  Fortune is Female - Chap.3
Lemon

     Ryoko pushed the half-finished glass of orange juice away from her and
grimaced, wishing for some of the hot sake that the others were having.
Washu, however, had insisted she drink it for the folic acid, and had made
it perfectly clear to her how damaging alcohol could be to a developing
baby.  Everyone was continuing the celebration with a round of karaoke, but
the singing was rather half-hearted because of the absence of Tenchi and
Ayeka.  Deciding to find out what was going on, Ryoko teleported into the
hallway and looked up the stairs, hearing the first strains of a beautiful
song coming from Ayeka's room.
     More than a physical change had come upon Ryoko after learning she was
pregnant.  She had imagined for the longest time that being chosen over
Ayeka would be pure elation, and while she was very happy to have Tenchi's
love, the knowledge that Ayeka would be devastated over his decision made
her feel sad and guilty.  Deep down, she cared more about Ayeka than she
showed, and a part of her hoped(naively, perhaps) that Ayeka would still be
around after they came out publicly as a couple.  Washu called it "the
consequences of a late-blooming conscience", but seemed surprised and
pleased at the change in her.
     "I wonder what's going on?" Ryoko thought, floating up the stairs and
pressing an ear to Ayeka's door.  The music did not last very long, and
then, after a time, Ayeka began to speak.  Ryoko managed to catch a few
words, but Ayeka's voice was so soft that it was difficult to follow the
conversation.  Ryoko frowned and stepped away from the door, annoyed at
being locked out of the proceedings but certain Tenchi would tell her
everything when he was finished.  A tiny bit of the old jealousy found its
way back into her heart because they were alone together, but she had no
doubts of Tenchi's loyalty to her and their child.
     "So much for that, eh kiddo?" she said softly, laying her hand gently
on her belly, which was just beginning to show.  "Guess we'll head back down
and mama will finish the rest of that icky orange juice."  She teleported
downstairs and caught the heady scent  of spirits, sighly deeply.  "I swear,
first thing I'm gonna do after I've recovered from having you is knock back
some of that sake."
     Taking her drink, Ryoko sat next to Sasami and Grandpa, who were
listening to Washu belt out James Brown's "Sex Machine."  Grandpa was
grinning, and had taken it upon himself to cover the girl's ears because of
the volume and suggestive lyrics, which were making Sasami giggle.  Tenchi's
father was searching frantically through the listing of songs for one that
he wished to sing on his turn.
     Ryoko laughed at washu's antics and finished off her orange juice,
making a sour face.  When the professor finished, she kneeled down and
snapped her fingers in impatience when Nobuyuki wasn't right there to cover
her with a blanket.  Everyone clapped, and Washu took her place beside
Ryoko.
     "Think I'd have to give your James Brown impression nine out of ten
stars, Washu" said Ryoko with a grin.  "I'd make it ten, but you didn't
sound constipated enough."
     "Of course", said Washu, raising an eyebrow.  "Being pregnant, I'm sure
that's something you're quite the expert on."  Ryoko glared at the professor
and would have emptied her glass of her head if it wasn't already empty.
Washu leaned back and put her arms behind her head, then looked over at
Sasami, who kept looking over her shoulder for her sister.
     "maybe you should go up and talk to Ayeka when Tenchi gets back" said
Washu, patting Sasami on the leg.  "She'll need to know she'd still loved
and needed.  Did you hear how they were doing when you were up there spying,
Ryoko?"  Ryoko froze and gulped, having hoped she wouldn't have been missed
that long.
     "I wasn't 'spying'" she managed.  "I was..um..ah..checking the door for
termites."
     Washu rolled her eyes at the poor excuse.  Sasami got up and began
taking everyone's plates and empty glasses to the kitchen, smiling at Washu
as she passed.
     "Ayeka would probably appreciate some tea brought up to her anyway.
I'll go and check on her after I'm through cleaning up."  Washu nodded and
began helping her clear the living room while Nobuyuki began his selection.
Ryoko watched them go and sighed, missing Tenchi and dreading the assault
Nobuyuki's singing would have on her ears.
     "Forget this" she thought.  "Any more karaoke tonight and the kid will
probably be born with a microphone in its hand."  At that, she telported
away, leaving Grandpa alone to listen to his son-in-laws singing.  He
watched her disappear and sighed, then poured himself another bowl of sake.
     "Lucky girl", he thought, and finished the drink quickly so he could
pour another, his only means to drown out the wailing.  He hoped blissful
intoxication would help to deaden the pain.
     Once again, Ryoko went into the hallway to check on their progress, and
was just in time to watch Tenchi's exit from the room.  She smiled and
teleported over to him, taking his hand and giving it a gentle squeeze.  He
looked at her with a blank expression, then laid the case he was holding
down on the floor and took her in his arms.  Ryoko, concerned at the state
of him, held him tight and kissed his cheek.
     "Tenchi, what's wrong?  How did it go?  Will she be all right?"
     Tenchi didn't say anything for a while.  He just held her there for a
minute, then took her hand and the case and led her to their bedroom.  Ryoko
closed the door behind them and looked at him, waiting for the answers to
her questions.
     "Tenchi, what happened?  Please..talk to me, my love.  I'm here."
     He sat on the bed and held his face in his hands, then began to cry.
The outpouring of emotion shocked her, and she sat beside him and rubbed his
back as he wept.  She stroked his hair until he took his hands away, then
let him lay his head on her lap.  Her fingers ran through his hair,
continuing their gentle caresses all the while.
     "She hates me, Ryoko" he said at last.  "I never meant to hurt her,
but..she's become so cold and distant to me now, and she just won't let me
explain...she won't hear me out, Ryoko.  It makes me feel..God, it makes me
feel as if I don't deserve to be happy.  I feel for her, and I'm sorry she's
hurting, but...what can I do?  What can I say?"
