Standard Disclaimer: The characters appearing within are the property of AIC

and Pioneer, and are used without permission. Please don't sue. I am not
making any money on this, and it's done out of love for the show.

Thanks to Bryan Weber for not saying anything about me taking his disclaimer

and of course M.C.L. to all the Juggalos and Ninjas reading my stories. Oh
and M.C.L. to the Cobras, X-men and Counts and everybody with clown love.
>:~)
******************************************************************************

.............the kiss lasted a good 2-3 minutes before it was broken.

"Kiyone are you absolutely sure about this?"

"Of course I am."

Jynx laid Kiyone down on the hard wooden floor and undid her shirt. Slowly
he
unbuttoned the white blouse and exposed Kiyone's breast. Pale, soft and one
reason or the next looked a wee bit wet. Kiyone gave a soft shiver as the
cold night air blew against her bare skin.  He lowered his head to Kiyone's
and kissed her neck gently, and slowly made his way up to her lips. While
they held the passionate kiss Jynx's hands worked on Kiyone's pants and slid

them off half way off her legs. Strangely enough she didn't seem to wear any

under clothes at all. Kiyone laid her head back as Jynx let the kiss go and
moved his body to her chest. He reached under and around Kiyone almost as if

he were going to hug her but instead cupped his right hand around right
breast and engulfed in other in his mouth, sucking it hard like a new born
babe starving for milk. After only a few seconds he released his hold of her

soft, beautiful tits and ! ! grabbed her ankles. He lifted one leg high into
the
air and ran his tongue over the back of her thigh again and again. He then
lifted the other leg in a similar fashion and began to lick that one as
well,
up and down her thigh and calves. Kiyone let a small excited moan at the
contact. Her legs now high into the air Jynx lowered his head into Kiyone's
sex and began to lick that as well. Kiyone couldn't hold back, she almost
let
out a scream of pleasure but put her hands over her mouth to muffle the
sound
of bliss. Jynx moved closer to Kiyone's face and began to lightly kiss her
cheek and then slid his tongue slowly into her mouth. Although the idea of
her own juices dripping off Jynx's tongue and unto hers was somewhat
revolting she somewhat enjoyed the taste and started sucking hard on Jynx's
mouth to try and get more of that lovely juice. When she quit she started to

breath heavily and eventually caught her breath.

"Jynx....I..I want you to do that again. I want you to...um, lick.......me
again and kiss me."

"Why don't I just kiss you? Wait never mind, I understand."

"You do?"

Jynx smiled and opened Kiyone's mouth with one hand and propped her up with
the other. Once again he slid his tongue into her mouth and when he stopped
he let the saliva drip onto his fingers. He laid Kiyone back onto her back
and stuck his fingers into Kiyone's coochie. She let out a slow, quiet sigh
and arched her back just a little. Jynx began to move his fingers in and
out,
over and over again never bringing them out all the way. Kiyone became more
and more excited with each thrust and eventually a light scream did escape
her. After a good few moments of the fingering session Kiyone came all over
Jynx's fingers and he pulled them out, dripping in come and put them into
Kiyone's mouth and let her suck on them for just a wee bit. Kiyone laid her
head back with a look of satisfaction on her face.

"Had enough?"

"Hmmmmm."

"Sorry, but you said you wanted me to do it like back in the day so, your
not
done yet."

"Huh?"

Jynx gave a low laugh and turned Kiyone unto her stomach. She laid not
knowing what was going to happen and expected the worst from his laugh.
Suddenly a sharp pain hit her from behind as Jynx began to fuck her in the
ass. Although the pain was extrodenary the pleasure was just as great.  Moan

and screams left Kiyone with each thrust into her sensitive anus. After a
short while a small trickle of blood stated to seep from Kiyone and she
started to well tears in her eyes. Her arms became weak and she started to
lose her breath and finally Jynx quit mostly out of mercy. He laid next to
Kiyone and let her catch her breath, he put his arm around her and pulled
her
close to him. Kiyone shifted and rolled atop of him with a smile on her
face.
Jynx put his hand on the back of her head and kissed her. Kiyone laid her
head on Jynx's chest, closed her eyes and fell asleep.

-Ok that REALLY, REALLY sucked. I know your all disappointed but hey my next

story is gonna be real phat I promise!
