Legal Mumbo-jumbo_ these characters are the prperty of
adc and pioneer. dont expect me to read your 20 page
complaint
_______________________________________________________
This is my second fic is really good. please read part
one to co-enside with this. mail comments to my new
address theoverlord@animeinn.net

Galaxy Police: Lemon Abroad.

   Needless to say, the detective was speechless. Here
she was, her partner since "the day of the dammed" as
she had called it, giving her the once over. needless
to say, kyonne started to speak out when Mihoshi's
lips pressed firmly against hers. after about ten
seconds, Mihoshi's toung worked her way in to her
partners mouth, and she quickly caught on. Now
Megamian women were famous throughout the galaxy for
being pent up, but to Kyonne, this felt almost
natural. As time went on, the kiss went lower,
drenching Kyonne's already soaked pussy. A cry of
passion rang out from the teal haired goddess, echoing
through out the ship. suddenly, her pulse quickend,
her muscles tightened, exploded all over Mihoshi's
sucking face. She swallowed as much as she could, but
Kyonne had cum a small river. now, Kyonne was ready to
get into the action.

=====
Sincerely,
Aaron Oefinger
Member of: SAS,KOME,WUFC,GPB (Galaxy Police Backers)NEW
