                  LEGAL INFO
Of course i did not create these characters, or i
would offer to buy this page from the man formerly
known as aldrich.ADC,Pioneer,THese Are your characters
_______________________________________________________

Galaxy Police:lemon abound PT 1!

   "AAAAAAAAH! Mihoshi,Dont touch that!" As soon as
Kionne finished her sentence, the ship came to a
complete stop."You bumbling fool Mihoshi! You dumped
our fuel!" The ditzy blond looked down like a two
year-old with her hand in the cookie jar."sorry"she
said meekly."AUGH Mihoshi,now we gotta radio
headquarters" She tapped several buttons on the
control panel,but nothing happened."Mihoshi,check the
antenna and see if any thing is wrong." After she ran
the diagnostic, several waves of weird energy were
coursing through the ship,knocking the two unconcious.
When Kionne awoke, She found Mihoshi directly above
her totally nude. "Mihoshi, what are you doi..."
Mihoshi planted a kiss on her, square on the lips.
Kionne didnt resist and shoved her toung into her
waiting mouth. For some reson, kionne thought she
wanted this, ever since she knew her. kionne reached
for the buttons on her shirt and ripped it off. She
never bothered to wear a bra, because she found them
too restricting. as soon as the shirt cleared her
stomach, Mihoshi started sucking her nipples.

=====
Sincerely,
Aaron Oefinger
Member of: SAS,KOME,WUFC,GPB (Galaxy Police Backers)NEW