Heaven and Eternity

by K'thardin

Standard Disclaimer:  If you don't know what these say by now, you 
probably never will, but here goes.  You will never win!  
Muhuhahahahah!  Sorry.  Anyway I don't own Tenchi Muyo!  I do own 
my characters!  There!  Oh, by the way; feel free to reprint this, 
just remember to credit me.

Authors Forward:  Now this is how it should be.  For it has begun! 
MORTAL KOMBAT!  Sorry. Well in case you haven't guessed this one 
is where the shit hits the fan.  Oh this is going to be so fun!  
And now it's time for...

Heaven and Earth.  Love and Honor. (Movie)

"Universal conquest is achieved through cunning and subtlety, not 
by how big your army or guns are."
          -Thanos of Titan

     In the beginning the one above all created all that is.  
Within this universe he set aside four caretakers of reality; the 
four pillars of all that is.  He also created an 'organization' to 
defend our reality against those who would destroy it or take it 
as their own.  That organization was composed of individuals that 
have come from all over the realm, and given the power and the
mission:  protect that which you hold dear.  It was not until 
recently that I found out why only this realm, of all the realms 
in the universe, was the only one where we were found...but I 
shall explain later.
     At first they were as babies, blank slates that needed only 
to be filled with knowledge.  Over many trillions of years these 
four gained their knowledge as all gods do, and went about their 
individual pursuits.  They also took names or perhaps they only 
became aware of them:  Tsunami of nature; Washuu of science; 
Achika of the Races; and Tokimi of power.
     It seems strange to me they all four took on the persona of 
women.  Though if you know about the one above all; this probably 
wouldn't surprise you much.  As their names suggested they devoted 
all their times to what captivated their interests.
     Tsunami was captivated by all things natural and devoted her 
time to the pursuit of life.  In effect she became an embodiment 
of life, and still is.  Of course, at times that has warped her 
perceptions, but that's another story.
     Washuu was captivated by science and technology, and all it's 
various applications.  Though I wonder if it was more she liked 
all the cosmic jokes she could play with the machines at her 
disposal.  Hmmmm.
     Achika of the Races.  Here is something of a revelation.  
Achika was captivated by the peoples of the universe and helped 
them in their struggles early in their existence.  Without her 
compassion many a race probably would have destroyed themselves.  
Many were the races she helped; among them were the Yoma, the 
Todainians, the Tetranians, and a few of the races who went on to 
spawn the Jurain star empire surprisingly enough.  Coincidence?  I 
long ago gave up believing in coincidence, but that is off the 
subject.
     Tokimi was captivated by power and how it filled the cosmos.  
She bent all her energies to figuring out how the universe 
operated.  How she could better use her energies.  But like all
beings who are interested only in power, she became corrupted by 
it.  The more she gained the more she wanted; until finally she 
wanted all that is.  And she knew just how to get it.
     I was there when the war was fought.  None of the others 
knew, but I did.  How could they have known?  It was almost 
completely fought in other realms.  Only I was given the knowledge 
by the being called G.  To this day I do not know why.  Only that 
is was 'suggested' that I do this myself.
     So I fought with the goddesses of light, against the dark 
goddess Tokimi.  But even a being of my power magnitude could not 
prevent the events that have transpired from coming to pass.
     At the end of the war we had finally fought our way to Tokimi 
herself.  Achika, the oldest of the sisters got to Tokimi first.  
She did not fare well. I was barely able to get there in time to 
save her life.  It is fortunate that Tokimi herself thinks Achika 
dead.
     I had paved the way for Tsunami and Washuu to get to Tokimi 
in my haste to get there to finish her.  Tsunami and Washuu's 
forces, the Yoma and a few others, kept Tokimi's forces busy
in the mean time.  It was awesome, truly awesome to behold, the 
two goddesses of light fight their sister of darkness.  The 
energies unleashed that day rocked the very fabric of creation. 
Many were realms that suffered from that; including ours for an 
entire galaxy in this realm was destroyed.
     In the end, I had thought Tokimi dead and gone for all time.  
I wish I could have prevented what else happened, but my energies 
were spent saving the life of Achika and could do no more.
Tsunami's higher level physical form was destroyed, and she was 
forced to take a state of being resembling pure energy (though 
recently she has been able to take another physical form that, 
strangely enough, looks very similar to her original).
     Washuu was injured even worse than Tsunami.  Her being was 
deteriorating, and her mind was badly damaged.  So with what 
little strength she had, Tsunami she...Hmmm.  How to explain this.  
There was a passing starship close to where they appeared in our 
realm.  On that ship was a family who had recently been blessed 
and cursed.  Blessed with a child; cursed to watch her die due to 
a deadly cosmic virus.  The father and mother were both scientists
(Coincidence again?  Not likely.) and had done everything in their 
power to try and save her, but in the end it was utterly futile.  
Yet sometimes things happen that are for lack of a better term 
miraculous, and so it was now.  Tsunami saw their plight, and saw 
in it a way to save her own sister.  She caused Washuu and the 
nearly dead child to assimilate; saving the child and Washuu as 
well.  Since that incident I don't know if she has recovered 
anything of what she was before (besides her looks); but in any 
case, without her knowledge, her power will remain unknown to her.
     This taxed Tsunami's strength to it's near limit.  She barely 
reached a world that had become, in effect, her garden.  For she 
had created the star system, and had been guiding it's evolution 
over almost a billion years.  Jurai.  There she was forced to 
assimilate with a tree, her first tree, to save her own life as 
that last little bit she did for Washuu took more from her than 
her life would allow.  After; she collapsed and went dormant to 
heal what wounds she could.
     I could do nothing.  My powers were spent, and I was forced 
to discorporate for a time to save my own life.  But at least 
Achika lived.
     Later I found that the energies released had released many an 
evil in the universe.  Evil that by all rights should have never 
been able to get here.  Those were some dark times.
     Only I know that our realm is also known as the central 
realm.  There are things here that could change the course of the 
universe for all time.  There are things that can be done here 
that cannot be done anywhere else.  This is why we are here and no 
where else.
     One of the things we do is protect this realm.  So we fought 
those evils and won.
     But we could not fight the Djinn.  God why couldn't you have 
better prepared us for them?  We were not nearly enough.  They 
were too many and too powerful.  We were nearly destroyed, and if 
we died so would the universe.
     God did not abandon us as I thought.  An ex-student, nay, a 
prodigy of mine, Cyraqs K'thardin, was the first of us to suggest 
that we seek help.  We had never needed help before, but it could 
not be denied we needed it now.  The decision was made to reveal 
our existence to whomever could help us.  Many and varied were the 
beings we found.  They ranged in power levels from almost nothing 
to many times ourselves.
     What was surprising was the person Cyraqs found to help us.  
Tsunami.  I said nothing, what could I say?  As long as she didn't 
know me (I had changed a lot since she last saw me, don't ask.), 
and as long as the others didn't realize her significance there 
would be no problem.  Besides we needed help, and she later 
provided us with an entire fleet of Warships that could wield the 
light hawk wings.
     The light hawk force.  A power, in it's weakest form, that 
can kill even us.  A power that for some reason, only two of us 
have been able to master.  Some reason I said?  Considering
where they came from I would have been very surprised if they 
couldn't wield the radiant hawk wings.  Of course that's assuming 
we let it get close enough to us.  It proved the edge we needed 
against the Djinn.
     Still, while the others did not know her significance, they 
felt something very special about her.  All fell in love with her 
to one degree or another.  But none so hard as Cyraqs, though he 
couldn't admit it; even to himself; for he carried a pain inside 
that would have made the devil weep.  Tsunami...Tsunami I could 
tell had never felt like that about anyone in her very long life.  
It would take them both a very long time to figure it out, but I 
knew they would.  It almost seemed like it was fated to happen.  
Actually it kind of was, but that's a story for another time.
     The Djinn had not been idle during this time, and had 
gathered allies of their own.  There are always fools out there 
who will trade others lives for power.  Though if the Djinn had 
won; their 'allies' would have been the first to die. 
     It took many thousands of years, destroyed many worlds and 
civilizations; even whole galaxies, but finally we destroyed every 
one of them and their allies.  After the war we all went our 
separate ways again; Tsunami and Cyraqs always kept in contact to 
one degree or another.  Even when...heh, now I'm digressing.
     The universe remained peaceful for the next few millennia 
(other than the occasional problem we had to take care of; such is 
our fate).  However, almost fifteen years ago I was tracked down 
by the goddess Achika (she was always a little more perceptive 
than Tsunami) who told me that Tokimi was not dead merely 
banished, and that she would be coming again and soon.  
	Remembering my original instructions I chose not to tell 
anyone, and began quietly making preparations on my own.  But 
something did not ring very right about all this, something
had a hint of...no I said it best before; something was not right.  
So I spent the time I was not preparing on searching for 
information on the sisters.  Some of which I've shared here and 
now. Some of the stuff I had found would curdle the blood to know.  
Yet Tenchi and Cyraqs must know these things.  Why they are the 
only ones of us that can call the light hawk wings (even
though Cyraqs has adapted and changed it to suit his own use).  
Why they alone have been drawn into this like they have.  What 
they really are, and what needs done after.  And worst of all what 
could have happened had things not gone the way they did.
     Assuming we win, of course.  My favorite saying recently.
     Assuming we win.
     Heaven help us.

     Last Entry Personal Journal: Odin; May 5, 1998
     
     Here we are!
     Born to be Kings!
     We're the Princes of the Universe!
     And here we are!
     Fighting to survive in a war with the Darkest Power!

     <Opening Theme-Princes of the Universe-Queen>

     "I once read a story about beings who wore shells to disguise 
who they were.  Inside they were warriors without compare, but 
only by casting off those shells were they able to show their
true power.  One wonders why they did that to begin with."
     The fact that a Terran holy man had recognized them as 
something alive and sentient did not strike them as odd.  It had 
happened more than once on this world; the holy men just taking
them for what they were; guardians and beings who they saw as 
needing some guidance like everyone else they encountered.  This 
one was different however.  He seemed to hint at a lot of things 
that no one of this world could possibly know.
     Somehow he knew.  Knew what they really were, and what their 
true purpose was.  That meant he was more than just a simple 
priest.  It could be he was just psychic and concerned for
their well being, or perhaps he could have some other motive.  
Prudence was called for in this situation.
     "It could be said that they did it for others sake.  Perhaps 
because their appearance was hideous or just too different from 
others.  Perhaps because they were too good, and needed to limit 
themselves.  Perhaps they do it for subterfuge, to surprise their 
enemies."  Azaka suggested.
     "Or perhaps they were great warriors who protected a mistress 
through all things though that mistress was stronger than they 
ever thought of being.  Maybe that mistress got into a struggle of 
incredible magnitude, and those warriors were nearly killed 
protecting her.  Maybe she put them in those shells to save their 
lives, knowing over time they would heal.  Perhaps she has been 
using them to guard those she loves; instructing them to never 
show their true power until the time is right."
	Azaka and Kamidake studied the smiling features of the 
priest, trying very hard to register what they had just heard.  
Azaka had to amend his previous thought, this priest wasn't just 
beyond ordinary; he was beyond belief!  He was possessed of 
information NO ONE could have!
     "Who are you?"  Kamidake asked in wonder.
     "A friend."  He tipped his hat that partially hid his face 
and bowed.  "I bid you good morning, loyal guardians."  He could 
almost feel their dumbfounded expressions as he turned and walked 
toward the shrine.
     He smiled as he contemplated another day.
     The priest had been waiting for months on the world of Earth.  
Slowly he had been gathering information about those he had 
previously gone up against.  What he had seen was mind boggling 
even to him.
     Cyraqs is here!  And he is training Tenchi.  From what I can 
tell now, Tenchi is a being on the same level as my old master.  
That could prove interesting.
     Sasami and Tsunami are the same.  Surprising, and fascinating 
at the same time.  If I had known that, taking her would have been 
much easier.  Now the reason I needed them has become moot.  As an 
observer on the outside of things I can see what is clearly going 
on, and the plan I have formed still seems like the best bet.
     "Katsuhito-san, how goes it on this fine day?" the man asked 
shifting himself slightly in his priestly garb.
     "Oh same as always." he smiled knowingly from his seat on the 
shrine stairs.  He always did know more than he let on, the priest 
thought.  "So what brings you here today?"
     "Hoping to see if something would happen."
     "Who knows?" he grinned, "There is something in the wind.  We 
both might just get lucky today."  The two priests grinned at each 
other in anticipation.  Yes, he thought, we just might.  And if 
not, I'll come back tomorrow, or the next day, or the next. 
However long it takes.

     Tokimi surveyed the expanse of her personal dimension.  
Small, safe, and secure; everything a reflection of her dark soul.  
No one could get in unless she wanted them to.  Here she was God.  
Or Goddess in this case, she thought with a faint smile.  Soon it 
shall be like this everywhere; everything will conform to my will.  
There was only one flaw with her dimension.
     That being the two others presently there.
     Since it has been revealed that we have been being watched 
this is the only place we can speak freely.  She frowned in 
annoyance, this is the last time, she thought to herself.  
     <<Now?>> Tokimi asked the younger looking one.
     "Yes."  Tetran replied.
     <<D3 give the order to attack.>>
     "As you will my lady."  Tetran smiled at the tone of D3's 
voice, no I do not envy your position.  I wonder what will happen 
after we are done.  Probably kill yourself.  He laughed to
himself, that will be high comedy.
     <<And when...>>  Tetran raised his hand forestalling her.
     "Do not worry yourself milady.  I will know."
     True this man was arrogant, but he had every right to be.  He 
was a master schemer, and a mighty powerhouse in his own right.  
Not only that, but he could beat even D3 in combat; and this was 
despite the fact D3 was stronger.  The only other being to have 
done that was herself almost 17,000 years ago.  The poor fool had 
pledged his loyalty, and (she really got a kick out of this) his 
heart to her after his defeat.  It gave her some small sadistic 
satisfaction to watch him squirm imperceptibly to always be near 
the object of his desire, but to never be allowed anything more 
than a servant's position.  Except on rare occasion when she was 
feeling...anxious.  That only tortured him all the more.  Still he 
was only going from the heart; while it made him more powerful, it 
also made him unpredictable.  Well she would use him 'til she no 
longer needed him. Which would be very soon, as soon as the 
objects of her desire was in her hands.
     She shuddered in anticipation.   Tsunami and Washuu.  You 
will go the way of our dear departed sister Achika, but this time 
I won't loose the power.  You as well Tenchi. Tsunami made you, 
but it is I who shall have you.  You and that lovely power, AND 
that very strange quality that attracts all manner of beings to 
you.  You will make a perfect compliment to me (properly modified 
of course) after I achieve my goal.
     And you Tetran.  You seek your revenge against the one who 
has brought you low.  The one that now forces us to converse here.  
You will get that, perhaps even in the way you wish assuming 
Tsunami survives long enough.  She smiled at the mental image that 
came to mind Tsunami struggling and helpless as Tetran did things 
to her that most wouldn't wish on their worst enemy; while the one 
named Cyraqs, broken and bloodied could only helplessly watch. Yes 
that would be perfect; perhaps unfeasible though; you will have to 
simply content yourself with his death.  Once I am done you fancy 
yourself a god in my new universe.  You may be of use in that 
respect, you definitely have the qualifications.  It will save me 
the time of making new ones after I dispose of the old order.  
Just as long as you don't overstep your bounds.
     <<Very well.>> she smiled.  <<I leave it in your hands.>>
     D3 couldn't help but shudder at the insane glee that appeared 
on Tetran's face.

     Minagi looked out at the blue sphere of the earth as her ship 
encircled it.  She sighed.  Damn, this worries me.  With these 
reports of Juraian vessels and GP ships being destroyed I'm really 
scared for these people.  She grimaced at the pain that lanced 
through her shoulders and back as the muscles tightened of their 
own accord.  I never used to get these before.  Damn.  Skilled 
hands griped her shoulder and begin to kneed the tension out of 
them.
     "Damn, but you're good at that." she murmured.
     "Well you looked like you could use it."  Y'mir commented 
wryly.  "You need to learn to relax more."
     She turned in her chair, rose to full height and kissed him 
full on the lips.   "I'm just worried about them is all."  (Camera 
pans to focus on her left ring finger, and on that finger a
simple gold circlet).
     "Well we'll go down in a few minutes," (Camera pans on him: 
same finger, same hand, same type ring). "so you shouldn't worry 
yourself too much."
	She pulled back in his arms a bit and smiled mischievously 
at him.  "Why a few minutes?"
     "Because I know a perfect way to relieve some of that 
stress." he grinned.
     "Oh really?" she asked as she was pulled to the floor.
     It took them a little longer than a few minutes to teleport 
down to the surface.

     The prey moved large boulders from one side of the mountain 
to the other.  No reason apparent for this activity.  Once done 
the prey studied the large pile.  Apparently satisfied at what he 
saw, he stopped momentarily, then began breaking them into smaller 
rocks with his bare hands; separating the fragments into separate 
piles as he worked.  The huntress cared not why he was doing this; 
only that he remained as he was. 
	The huntress crept up slowly, stealthily on her prey.  He 
moved slowly, silently, oblivious to everything.  She licked her 
lips in anticipation.  It wouldn't be long now. 
     She let her eyes wander back and fourth across her domain 
making sure nothing could possibly interfere.  She saw nothing, 
and kept going.  Her mind lost itself in a euphoric fog as she 
considered what she would do with her prey when he was caught.
     She grew close, but stopped when the prey stopped.  He looked 
around for a moment almost as if he had sensed her presence.  
There was no way he could know where the huntress was, but just to 
be sure she stayed motionless as the prey's gaze passed over the 
domain.  Eventually the prey shrugged and went back to what he was 
doing before.  Now is the time, a voice deep within instructed.
     In a blur, She pounced.
     WHAT THE HELL?! Drakhenn yelled as, well I guess you could 
call it loud, as he could.  He pulled back and found Ryo-ohki in 
her adult form as the being who had pinned him to the ground.
     "Gottcha!" she grinned.  He grinned along with her; not a 
site for the timid.
     It had become something of a game between the two of them 
now; catching each other off guard.  Something they both enjoyed.  
He reached up and smoothed one of her bangs out of her eyes as he 
contemplated the new feeling that had become part of their play.  
It scared him, but he was a warrior.  A warrior never runs from 
what he fears.  He was going to enjoy this challenge.
     He suggested they go get some carrots.
     Her eyes grew into little stars and she Miyaed softly in near 
orgasmic pleasure at the mere mention of her beloved vegetable.  
To anyone who knows; this is the best way to get in on Ryo-ohki's 
good side.  He had a pretty good idea what he was setting himself 
up for, but for some reason he couldn't find anything remotely 
wrong with that idea.

     Washuu had been busy these past couple of weeks reeducating 
the best student she ever had.  Though he would probably kick the 
daylights out of anyone who dared mention the fact he was a 
student again.  Other than his instructor that is.  God I forgot 
how boring school was sometimes he thought between his lapses of 
consciousness.
     It had been over 20,000 years since he had devoted himself to 
this, so he had massive catching up to do.  Which was an 
understatement of the grossest sort.  Not like he cared,
considering who it was that was catching him up.  Still boring as 
hell.
     A painful weight settled on his head accompanied by a loud 
thudding sound which knocked him back to consciousness.
     "Hayes-san!"
     "Hai Hakubi-sensei!"
     "Pay attention!" she growled.
     "Hai!"  He shifted his head and found the statue firmly fixed 
on his head.  It was just not physically possible!  Every rule in 
existence said it shouldn't stay there.  How does she do that? 
He never had been able to figure that out.  No matter how hard he 
tried.
     Either getting it off or figuring out how she kept it there.  
Which in all actuality amounted to the same thing.
     Not relishing the idea of getting hammered again, he paid 
attention for another few minutes. At least 'til the pain faded 
and the boredom set in again.  What could I do that will keep me 
at least semi-intherealmofwakefulness, he wondered.  Ah!  I know!
     His expression turned from one of strained concentration to 
one of...well let's just say he had a really big smile and wasn't 
paying attention to the holoscreen.
     "Hayes-san?"
     "Hai." he acknowledged quietly.
     "What are you..." she suddenly realized his gaze had focused 
on the lower half of her (well developed) anatomy.  Her nicely 
formed bottom to be precise.  And the way, his gaze was now 
beginning to rove the rest of her...
     With an indignant cry threw her pointer at him.  Smirking he 
caught it between his index and middle finger.  Yes! I am so 
go...He was crushed in the middle of that thought by a statue
that weighed about a ton.  "Serves him right!  Insatiable 
sonofabitch!" she said with a self satisfied smile.
     "More mistress, please." cried a weak voice from the splatter 
under the statues.
     "OOOOH!" she yelled in frustration.  Three more statues piled 
on top.  RIP Hayes; we knew you well.

     The eggs were burnt, the toast was singed, and the rice was 
best left unmentioned.  Breakfast was going to be a disaster.  
Good thing I don't need to eat anymore, Tenchi thought in
relief.  He looked on as Sasami tried diligently to teach Ayeka 
and Ryouko both how to cook.  He loved them dearly, but he knew 
for a fact this was a task beyond even the abilities of any
kami in existence.
     Sasami included.
     "Sis, the egg shells don't go in with the rest of the egg."
     Ryouko looked at Ryuken in annoyance.  "I don't need your 
running commentary."
     "Well someone needs to keep you from making too many 
mistakes."
     "That goes for you too Cyraqs."  He smiled in reply.
     She picked up a salt shaker and started to salt her food.  A 
lot.
     "You know that amount of salt is not good for you Ryouko."  
Ryuken told her.  She deliberately ignored him, and started 
putting massive amounts of chopped onion in her omelet.
     "You should put the cheese in before the other stuff, sis."  
Cyraqs told her.
     Ryouko gripped her spatula in rage.  It was bad enough that 
Ryuken had adopted her as a younger sister(actually she kind of 
liked that part), but now both her 'older brothers' were amusing 
themselves by tag team teasing her about her performance in the 
kitchen.  It wasn't like she needed their criticisms; she knew 
perfectly well that her skills here were less than exemplary. 
Something she was trying to remedy now, and they were not making 
it easy for her.  She shot a murderous look at Tenchi who was 
trying very hard to keep from laughing.
     Ayeka didn't bother to control herself.  "You know I didn't 
think monsters could cook, and I guess this goes to show it."
     Ryouko turned her rage on Ayeka, but before she could 
respond..."I don't know, it was pretty bad that you put the 
cinnamon in BEFORE the toast, Ayeka." Ryuken grinned.
     Ryouko gave Ayeka a look that spoke whole volumes.  I'm not 
the only one who's going to feel the pain now.
     Sasami brandished her weapon of choice and gazed angrily at 
the invaders to her illustrious and well ordered domain.  "Enough!  
Out!  All of you, OUT!" Sasami commanded most imperiously.  The 
three grown men fled in terror and fear (though you wouldn't know 
it as hard as they were laughing) of the little girl wielding a 
frying pan.  Which just goes to show; which is more scary, facing 
cosmic menaces that could wipe out entire galaxies or women?
     Women, definitely women.
     "Bugging Sasami in the kitchen, you ought to be ashamed."  
Mihoshi chastised Ryuken as he exited the kitchen.  Getting up on 
her tip toes and grabbing his ear she dragged him over to the 
couch and sat him down.  "Now sit here and be good!  Sheesh men 
are children." that last part she said under her breath.
     Cyraqs gave his brother an evil grin as he sat down across 
from him.  <Now I know who's going to be wearing the pants.>
     He ignored what his older brother was implying.  Not that he 
wouldn't have found the situation pleasant, but they hadn't even 
progressed to that point. Still he had to get him back. <And 
you're not going to be in the same position?> Ryuken asked in 
amusement.
     <Not likely.>
     <Oh that's right, she's got to grow up first.>
     Cyraqs glared at him.  <Don't go there.>
     <Oh I won't.> he laughed.  <Pedophile.>
     "YOU LITTLE..." Cyraqs flew over the table and started 
choking his younger brother.
     "Just...kidding...just...kidding..." Ryuken gasped as his 
brother cut off his oxygen supply.
     It took a considerable amount of strength for Tenchi to 
separate the two brothers.  In the end it was Sasami who ended it 
by whacking Cyraqs upside the head with her frying pan.
     Not that it could hurt him, but the message was made very 
clear.
     "Quit being a pain." she admonished.
     Ryuken laughed at his brothers misfortune, until Mihoshi 
thumped him one as well.  Both looked down in shame.
     The two ladies looked at each other.  Babies, they both 
agreed.  What did I tell you?
     Women are scarier.
     The front door opened and Kiyone and Yoshou walked in.
     "Hey everyone, look who we picked up on the way here." Kiyone 
announced.  Minagi and Y'mir entered on cue.
     "Hey everyone what's going on?"  Minagi asked.  They welcomed 
them warmly; shouting their individual greetings.
     "Minagi!" Sasami shouted, "Come on in the kitchen; you can 
help us cook!"
     Minagi smiled and followed Sasami into the kitchen.  She 
paused momentarily when she noticed a wisp of smoke floating 
through the door; then continued on very cautiously.
     "I was wondering when you were going to come down."  Tenchi 
commented.  "I mean, you've been hovering up there since very 
early morning."
     He put his hand behind his head in embarrassment.  "Yeah 
well, we had a couple of things that needed done." he laughed 
nervously.  Tenchi caught the glint of gold on Y'mir's finger, and 
grinned from ear to ear.  "I'm crushed Y'mir."
     "What about?"
     "You didn't invite any of us to the wedding."
     His father and uncle took a good look at him, saw what Tenchi 
was referring to, and started grinning like they were about to do 
something really terrible.  Y'mir started backing out of the room 
slowly.  He didn't make it.

     "I don't think that the eggs are supposed to be that shade of 
brown mom."  Minagi said with a perfectly straight face.
     "NOT YOU TOO!" Ryouko yelled, "AND DON'T CALL ME THAT!"
     "No problem mommy."
     Ryouko started advancing on Minagi.
     "Don't you two start!" Sasami admonished them.
     "Sorry." they both said bowing in shame.  It just goes to 
show who is really in charge around here.
     So they all went back to the disaster in progress. During 
this time Minagi idly played with the little gold circlet on her 
left ring finger.  She wondered how long it would be until one of
them notice.
     It was Ayeka who saw first.  "What is that ring on your 
finger?"
     "Huh? What ring?" Sasami asked.  Minagi showed them, a 
secretive smile on her face.  "It's pretty."
     "That looks almost like..."
     "Almost like what Ayeka?" Ryouko asked.
     "Almost like..."
     "A wedding ring!"  Sasami yelled proud of her deduction.
     "Yes that is what it...A wedding ring?!" Ayeka blinked.  Then 
stared at Minagi in shock.  She couldn't believe it.
     "MMMHMMM." Minagi smiled blissfully; confirming Sasami's 
assessment of the situation.
     Ayeka grabbed her hand.  "Congratulations!"
     Sasami had thrown herself into Minagi's arms, "I'm so happy 
for you!"
     "Well what about you, Ryouko?" she smiled.
     Ryouko tried to look like she didn't care.  Minagi just 
looked on and watched as Ryouko's face twitched a little.  Then a 
little more.  Suddenly it lost all control and broke into a happy 
grin.  She couldn't restrain herself; and was hugging Minagi along 
with them.

     Washuu walked out of her lab to the scene of Ryuken and 
Cyraqs twisting Y'mir into painful positions.
     "Hey c'mon...owww, quit it!" Y'mir cried in pain.
	Cyraqs sat on his back twisting his arm behind him tighter 
"Like hell!"
     "Yeah really, doing something like that to your own father!" 
Ryuken said twisting his legs into a painful position.
     "What's going on out here?" asked a very amused Washuu.
     "Oh nothing mom, just chastising my nephew here for eloping 
and not inviting us."
     Washuu, of course already knew, in that strange way of hers.  
Then again, maybe it was just Minagi calling her two weeks ago 
after they were married.  "Just don't do anything too permanent.  
I really don't feel like doing any major reconstruction today."
     "No problem mom."  something occurred to Cyraqs, "Hey where's 
dad?"
     She grinned maniacally.  "Oh I gave him a few TONS of work."
     He considered this for a moment.  "Cool." He went back to 
torturing Y'mir.
     Keeping that smile she proceeded to the kitchen to find out 
what in the universe was causing so much smoke to emanate from the 
kitchen.
     Tenchi had willed a bag of extra salty extra buttery (death 
to all Political Correctness, Muhuhahahahah!)  popcorn into 
existence and was sharing it with Yoshou, Mihoshi, and Kiyone. 
"Entertaining."
     "Yeah."  Mihoshi agreed.
     Today was a typical day at the Misaki home.  Sadly it would 
not remain so.

	Buru captain of the GP warship, GPSV-54 Deathasaurus, 
waited.  Had been waiting for weeks, and it was beginning to set 
her teeth on edge, not to mention what it was doing to her crew.  
There had been three fights that week and almost ten false alarms 
concerning the enemy.
     There had been five more attacks, and despite the standing 
orders that they were supposed to pull back if these beings were 
encountered, few survivors had been reported.  They seemed to
know every move we might make and every place we might go.  They 
also seemed to know our strengths and our weaknesses; especially 
our weaknesses.  They possess the technology to call upon the 
wings of the Light Hawk.  Truly a more worthy adversary has never 
graced this galaxy.  But now, she thought with a smile, now we 
have amassed our forces where we know they are going to strike.  
We have the advantage this time.
     She still had that smile as an X carrier burst out from 
hyperspace and obliterated her warship.

     "Admiral Godai, they're here!"
     "Show me." he commanded.
     Various holoscreens appeared around him.
     "Twenty jump points in alpha quad, ten in bravo, five in 
charlie, and only two in delta.  GP, Juraian, and other ships 
moving to intercept."
     Why so few in those sectors?
     "Sir.  We have incoming reports from our forces in the alpha 
and bravo sectors, they are being outmaneuvered and chopped up.  
Recommend we send reinforcements from the Charlie and Delta 
quads."
     They're trying to make us pull out of the charlie and delta 
quads.  Not likely.  They probably want the outposts there to 
solidify their powerbase here.  Logical seeing as how those
starports have the most room and advanced equipment.  Can't let 
them get such a foot hold. From there it would be an easy reach to 
the homeworld.  "Commander, tell a single battle group from the 
charlie and delta to proceed to the alpha and bravo quads 
respectively."
     "Admiral, that isn't even close to being enough!" protested 
the Grand Marshall.
     "I know.  They are trying to divide our forces; we cannot let 
that happen."  He sighed,  Kami-sama if you have any blessings for 
us now would be the time.  "Tell those in the Alpha and Bravo 
quads to fight.  Do not back down and do not surrender.  We must 
stop them."  he sighed again for he knew he had just consigned 
many of his own people to their deaths.
     
     "They're not buying it."  D3 stated as he observed the 
progress of the war in his viewing globe.
     "They don't have to buy it.  It must seem like there is some 
semblance of strategy to throw my former comrades off guard.  Now 
they just have to continue to die."
     D3 looked at Tetran, "And you are sure this will bring them."
     Tetran smiled cruelly in reply.
     "Alright.  You are sure you will know when they all are 
present?"
     "Of course." he replied confidently.
     "Fine.  By the way why are we bringing those four?  I would 
think you, me, Azmodeus, and Abel would be enough."
     Tetran glanced behind him at the four members of Tokimi's 
personal bodyguard.  "The lady felt it prudent to send a little 
more power along.  Though I have to agree with you; these guys 
will likely just get in the way." Then again, he thought after a 
moment, they may come in useful; as a distraction if nothing else.
     "You're sure about the rest of it?"
     "You worry too much my lovestruck friend.  The lady will get 
everything she wants."  And so will I, he thought as his eyes 
glowed red behind his glasses.  He stood up from his perch on the 
moon and looked up through his cloaking shield to the blue marble 
in the sky that was earth and his face grew almost deranged with 
rage.  Soon, Cyraqs, soon.

     The fighting was, for lack of a better term, bloody.  The 
Juraian and GP war ships had upgraded their targeting and weapons 
systems as well as  maneuverability in response to the new threat.  
This enabled them to take out the small nimble individuals flying 
freely through space much easier than other wise possible, but for 
everyone they killed a thousand more took his place and for every 
one of those X shaped ships destroyed ten more appeared out of 
hyperspace.
     The lesser ships fell in droves and even the Juraian War 
ships couldn't take the constant pounding they were receiving.  
Slowly the defenders were forced back, but they didn't give
ground easy.  Every ship fought to last bit of power they had.  
Despite the most serious blows.  Despite the fact they were dying 
in space.  And when even that failed; the ships themselves became 
weapons; crashing into the enemy vessels destroying them both.  
Those of Tokimi's forces had to pay dearly for every inch of space 
they took.
     Admiral Godai and Grand Marshall Karimitsu looked at the 
holoscreens on his command ship and cursed.  They were losing.  It 
would be a matter of days or maybe even weeks, but they were going 
to loose.  At least a good portion of the population has been 
taken out of the general area.  The Royal family and senate has 
been secretly relocated.  Too bad we have to leave a lot of our 
colonies unprotected; like the one the princesses are on.  I only 
hope Tsunami can protect it all by itself if they decide to attack 
Earth; as they will be the only one of us still in this galaxy
when we pull out.
     He looked at the view screen again, and ordered more 
reinforcements from the least oppressed quads; ordering the 
remainder to entrench themselves deeper around the systems
surrounding Jurai.  No they won't take us easily.
     Ships of Jurai are sentient, and their deaths did not pass 
unnoticed.

     Washuu looked upon the ruins of breakfast forlornly.  At 
least it didn't burst into flames this time.
     "The eggs are fine I'm telling you!" Ryouko yelled.
     "Maybe they're fit for YOUR consumption, but I don't think 
any of us could handle it." Ryouko frowned at Ayeka's implication.
     Like I'll get a real response from you, princess.  She 
hurumphed and thought, I'll ask someone else.  "Minagi, what do 
you think?"  Minagi remained silent and slightly green.
     "Something wrong, Sasami?"  Washuu asked suddenly.  Everyone 
stopped.
     Sasami was startled out of her preoccupation, and looked at 
Washuu a little strangely. 
	"N..No nothing is wrong." she went back to staring blankly 
at the wall belying her last statement.
     Washuu started getting concerned.  "Are you sure?"  Sasami 
didn't respond.  "Sasami."  Still no response.  "Sasami!"  She 
wilted to the floor.  "SASAMI!"  Everyone gathered around her.  
Those in the living room had had heard and rushed into the 
kitchen.
     Tenchi and Cyraqs scanned her, as did Washuu using her 
holoboard.  Nothing was wrong physically, but they all saw massive 
fluctuations in her psychopattern and massive neurological 
activity.  What is happening to her?
     "I'll get her to your lab." Ryouko told Washuu bending down 
to gather Sasami into her arms.
     "NO!" Sasami came awake, but it was not Sasami who was 
speaking.  "Cyraqs, help me!" she pleaded from Ryouko's arms.
     He bent and took her hand "How?"
     "She's killing them!" she sobbed.
     "Who?  Who's killing them?  Who are they?"
     "My children!  They're dying!  Please save them!" she cried.
     Cyraqs rose and his entire focus changed.  So she has finally 
revealed her hand.  You're going to pay for hurting her.  "I will 
Tsunami."  he promised. She smiled up at him.  <Tenchi, I've got 
to go.  Drakhenn.>  His clothing shifted to a black outfit similar 
to Noob Sabiot's except for he had boots with shin guards and no 
mask.  Drakhenn and Ryo-ohki flew into the house and took in the 
situation immediately.  Drakhenn settled himself on Cyraqs' 
shoulder; Ryo-ohki settled herself onto Sasami.
     "Deneign battle garb."  Ryuken whispered.
     <I'll go with...> Tenchi started.
     <No.  Stay here.  Something...>  Something...
     Tenchi felt it too.  The cosmic awareness they had was 
telling them that something was not right about this situation.
     <I understand.  Good luck.>  Cyraqs nodded in acknowledgment 
as he disappeared.  <I will protect them.>

     Cyraqs reappeared aboard the Ranger.  Raiden was waiting for 
him.
     "The ones that Tsunami was so concerned about are attacking 
Jurai."  Raiden stated.
     "I know."
     "The others are waiting."
     "Then lets go."  The two shifted their presence to where the 
others held their position unseen outside the battle front.  "How 
are they doing?"
	Raiden gave him a level gaze.  "Not good."  The others were 
edgy as they waited for the last one that could come.  "Hurry up 
old man."
     "Fuck the geeze."  Cyraqs said.  He held out his hand and 
Drakhenn jumped off his shoulder. He elongated and changed; 
sliding into his hand Drakhenn became a golden-red fighting staff 
that, when combined with Cyraqs' power, was many times more 
powerful than his original.  Cyraqs' Dragon Staff.  He grasped it 
tightly, an electric power was discharged as his hand came in 
contact, and made a decision.  "Let's just go."  The others, tired 
of waiting, agreed.

     "What the hell are those?"  Admiral Godai asked as various 
points of intense power appeared all over the battle lines.
     "I don't know." answered one of the techs.
     Commander Sarnd looked at one of the others on the bridge.  
"Give us a visual."  One of the screens changed from a tactical 
display to a starfield that homed in and magnified on one of the 
points of energy to reveal a..."Is that a person?"  Incredible.  I 
have never seen power like this from anything, not even Kain.  It 
goes completely off our scales.
      He watched in awe as that person began methodically 
obliterating the incoming warriors with both power blasts and a 
weapon which appeared to be a war hammer.  Reports began flooding 
in from all over of similar occurrences coming from these strange 
beings.  They were counted to be 3,624.  "What are they?" he asked 
in wonder.
     "Legends." was all the Admiral could reply.  I remember 
hearing stories about these beings in my youth and how we helped 
them.  Now they come to help us in our time of need. Thank Kami-
sama!
     "Sir we have over a thousand warp holes opening all over the 
system."
     "WHAT?!" A thousand?!  How is that possible?
     "The count is...we haven't got an accurate count."
     "Tell our ships to help these beings where they can."  It's 
almost like the enemy was expecting them to show.  Otherwise why 
didn't they just overwhelm us to begin with?  Suddenly the 
Admiral, the Commander, and the Grand Marshall felt very small as 
they arrived at the same conclusion, and looked at each other in 
silent communication.
     We are being used as pawns.

     "Tenchi did not leave with him."  Tetran stated.
     "So do we still attack?"  D3 asked.
     "Yes, we should be able to handle him and any others that 
might be down there."
     "What about your brethren?"
     "Do not worry.  They are all currently busy now." he bore his 
teeth in a feral smile.
     "Then should we..."
     "Not yet.  They must be completely focused on the task at 
hand.  Then it will be safe to continue."
     "And when will that be?"  Abel asked.
     "Soon.  Very soon." Yes, soon ultimate victory will be mine.

     They lapsed into the gestalt mindset.  Slowly, methodically 
they cut a swath of destruction through the ranks of the invaders.  
This was no battle; this was more of a slaughter.  It was obvious 
who had the power advantage, but they still kept coming.  Even the 
gestalt had to be weary of them.
     They wield Light Hawk wings.
     Then we must not let them get too close to us.
     Easy enough.
     Suddenly the gestalt felt massive warp hole openings all over 
the system.
     What the hell?
     More ships and people than could ever be imagined poured 
through the holes, and just when it seemed that there couldn't 
possibly be any more, more poured through.  No matter what
the gestalt did; more and more kept coming.
     It was enough to give even the gestalt pause.  And they 
hesitated long enough for groups of around two thousand or more 
of the enemy to gather and focus their energies on the beings of
power.
     All dodged or managed to get a shield of some sort up in 
time.  All but one.
     RUMIA! they cried.  It was too late, but he managed to dodge 
the brunt of it at the last second.  He bore a shocked look, then 
concentrated and vanished.
     He will live.  But it will take him time to put himself back 
together.
     We must be careful!  They nearly killed one of us!
     We should close off this sector of space.
     Tried that.  Something is blocking us.
     What could have the power?
     More than likely they have even more than we are seeing now.  
Enough to force through anything one of us could shield.
     No time to confirm that.  We have to protect Jurai.
     Then we tough it out.
     For hours they fought back and fourth across the outside of 
the sector.  The enemy fell by the millions, but they just kept 
coming.  And coming.  And coming.
     Many more of their number fell.  While it was fortunate they 
still lived; if this kept up they were going to be whittled down 
and wiped out.  It almost made Cyraqs laugh.  I underestimated 
her.  Definitely.  
     He sent out a power bolt that could have crushed a star and 
obliterated a couple million of the invaders.  5 times as many 
took their places.
     She did have an army.  We won't back down; not while the lady 
of light's home is in danger.  Problem:  it's possible they will 
destroy even us.  Destroy even us?  He couldn't spare the time to 
complete the thought process.
     He flew through the ranks of the cloned soldiers destroying 
thousands as he went.  He couldn't risk too many of those power 
blasts; that could cause irreparable damage to the universe. 
So he had to do this personally; and they just kept coming.
     Occasionally even they would miss a gathering of them and 
they would be able to pull off that weird gestalt Light hawk force 
blast.  It made for some hazardous flying, but no one ever said 
this job was safe.
     Grimly he kept going; idly wondering how many could there 
fucking be?!

     Tokimi watched the progress of the battle.  She had thrown 
only a fraction of her total forces at them.  A large fraction, 
but nothing that couldn't be easily replaced.  Though with
ultimate victory so close in her grasp, she wouldn't need them.  
     That caused her to smile.  Yes, so far Tetran's strategy has 
proved most effective.  Tsunami's forces, these 'star gods', and 
the GP are all occupied.  No one will be able to stop me once I 
start.
     <NOW!> she heard a psychic scream directed at her.  Tetran 
has begun.  Good.  Soon, she thought; shuddering in anticipation.

     Tetran had been watching the battle in his minds eye, and 
though his link with his former comrades was weak it was still 
there.  Now he, thought, now they are concentrating completely
on the fight.
     "D3."  D3 looked at him in anticipation.
     "Now?"
     "<NOW!>" he yelled.
     The eight of them streaked to the Earth breaking through the 
Dampening field being maintained first by Cyraqs and now by 
Tenchi.

     It was late in the evening; all had been pacing back and 
fourth worriedly.
     "Damnit I hate waiting!"  Tenchi complained.
     "You and me both.  But sometimes it must be so."  Hayes told 
him.
     "This is an unfortunate truth, Tenchi.  Quit pacing it will 
do you no good."
     Tenchi looked at his grandfather and Hayes in irritation.  
How can they sit there and meditate while there is a war going on 
out there that could prove the downfall of everything.  He fumed a 
little more till his attention was drawn back to Sasami who was 
resting on the couch.  She looked a little wan, but otherwise she 
was still smiling at them trying to reassure them that she was 
alright.
     Ryouko was in a similar state as Tenchi.  She smelled all 
their frustrations and fear. One scent of fear stood out from the 
others, and she recognized the scent.  It was the scent of her 
own.
     At first it had been a foreign smell.  For most of her life 
she had been under the control of another until she was imprisoned 
and cut off from that being.  She found that to be one thing she 
couldn't handle, not the being cut off that was a relief.  The 
imprisonment.  Long days of nothing, but yourself to keep you 
company.  Each second seeming like an eternity.  She went insane 
many times, only to come out of it no better off than before, but 
at least during those times of madness the time blurred by.  
Sometimes it lasted days, sometimes years; but at least it was 
time she didn't know about.  During one of those times she found 
herself looking at a cave, hillsides, trees, grass, the moon so 
beautiful and full.  The scene so lovely it made her cry out in 
joy.  Then she realized that she was not lost in her own mind 
anymore; she was really seeing this.  She had made a fantastic 
discovery.  She had found out how to separate her astral self from 
her physical body.
     Freedom.  Maybe not the freedom to be physically out, but 
freedom none the less.  She began to experiment.  She couldn't 
affect things physically, but she could still pass through them
without effort. She could also move around the general geographic 
area relatively easily, but the farther she went from her body, 
the harder she found it to move.  She also had to return to her
body occasionally to maintain her link to it.  So she would not 
die.
     That was fine she could take that.
	She wandered her new domain like this for many years.  Most 
of the time she had nothing planned out; just needing the 
experience of being away.  Sometimes, though, with a purpose; a 
need to see something that had grabbed her attention.  Like
the activities of the people within the house that was close by.
     One night she had wandered close by the house and felt an 
incredible psychic emanation from it.  It was...pleasant to put it 
mildly.  Curious she wondered what could be causing it.  When
she first saw the act of love she was captivated by it.  She could 
feel their feelings of love, lust, and pleasure emanate from them. 
So strong were they; she was feeling them as if they were her own.  
She went back many nights, and learned a great deal about it.
     She wondered what Yoshou would think if he knew he had taught 
her the facts of life. 
	Eventually that lost it's appeal when she realized she would 
never likely be able to do this herself; trapped in the cave like 
she was.  Depressed she took to wandering the country side again 
for many years.
     Then, one day, she saw him.  He was little more than a 
yearling, but he turned to look in her direction; and saw.  He SAW 
her!  No one had ever seen her.  No one.  Yet this boy; this
baby had acknowledged her existence.  At first she didn't know 
what to think, or feel.  Her confusion didn't last long, as the 
lady came by with her son often, and she began smiling and talking 
with the infant, who giggled and smiled back.  It was then that 
she began to first feel the stirrings of the love that is now her 
life within her breast.  It was a foreign almost forgotten 
sensation, but not one she wanted to get rid of.
     As he grew he lost the ability to see her.  This made her 
very sad, but for some reason he always came back; as often as he 
could.  She relished the way her love would swell within her
every time he would come to play in the cave.  No matter where he 
was she could feel him through the wards; could almost taste his 
living force; so powerful it was.  She treasured every moment he 
was there.
     Then one day he came again, but not as before.  He collapsed 
upon the stones of the cave, an umbrella in his hand.  And the 
wail he uttered...she had never heard such pain.  Not even when 
she destroyed whole worlds had she heard such utter total 
consuming despair that now issued forth from his soul.  
     The scary thing was; she could barely hear it.  "Mother..." 
she heard him sob.  His mother had died that day, and there was 
nothing she could do about it.  Nothing she could help her love
do.  Nothing she could do for him; comfort him.  Nothing. 
     That had to be the first time she remembered smelling that 
scent.  She found she was now afraid that he wouldn't ever know 
how much she loved him.  That she would never be able to tell
him so.  Be near him, really hold him.  Perhaps even do the things 
she had watched his grandfather doing with his grandmother; 
sharing those feelings with him.
     She made a decision right there.  I have to escape.  After 
that she began using what small store of energy she had gathered 
through the wards to construct a new gem, but there was not enough 
there.  How to do it?  Only one way she could think to do it.  
There was another source, it was the small amount of energy the 
wards allowed through to sustain her life.  It was dangerous
and would take some time, but she had learned patience in the 
cave.  She could do this.
     One day however, he had come and released her, before she had 
completed her work. The rest of the story is known.
     Since then she has found others to care for.  Every time they 
were in danger she smelled that scent.  That had happened a lot in 
the recent times, causing her to become very familiar with that 
scent.  She couldn't bear that smell and the feeling that 
accompanied it. So she would lay her life down for these others.  
This pretty little magical blue-haired girl especially.
     She had a quality that touches the soul and makes you want 
her to smile.  Every smile looked like heaven; every frown 
like...there wasn't a comparison to the way it made her feel. 
You could feel the love she holds for you just by being near her, 
and she was so open and honest with it.  It was just not in her 
nature to hate anyone; even the one who had nearly killed her one
time.
     Every time she thought about that incident; she smelled that 
scent.
     Now something else was hurting her, and again like with 
Tenchi before, there was nothing she could do about it.
     Fear, frustration all piled up; she wanted so badly to get up 
and smash something she had not even noticed her battle garb 
settling around her.  They are hurting my best friend!  My brother 
could be hurt or dead now too!  Damnit!  I don't even know what's 
going on!  She walked over and sat down beside Sasami for about 
the fifteenth time.
     "Hey there little Sasami."
     "Hi." she smiled weakly.  "I'm alright."
     You're brave.  Much braver than me.  But whatever is 
affecting Tsunami this bad is affecting you too.  I can do nothing 
for you.  Well nothing is going to get to you.  I swear it 
on...she smiled when she remembered the phrase that Cyraqs had 
once used...I swear it on my life and on my soul; nothing will 
harm you.
     "Thank you Ryouko."  It wasn't Sasami who spoke.  But it was 
Sasami who smiled at her.
     "Don't worry you two.  It'll be alright."  Ryouko wasn't sure 
who she was trying to convince though.
     Ayeka had watched the exchange from the foot of the couch.  
Ryouko was her rival that was true.  At times that had caused some 
of the most bitter insults to pass her lips, and fights that would 
destroy sections of this house.  There was one thing that Ayeka 
couldn't deny was that Ryouko loved her little sister and would 
fight to the death (and possibly after), to make sure she would be 
safe.
     Ryouko looked up at her and their eyes locked for a minute.  
Yes, they both agreed, only over our dead bodies.
     Washuu was busily typing into her holopad sitting on the 
floor; until Hayes finally came up beside her and forcibly shut 
the screen down.  She looked up at him in irritation momentarily
before he crushed her in a hug worthy of any Misaki ever gave her.  
It almost sounded like she let out a small sob, or it could have 
been the rustling of her in his shirt.
     "Should have asked to go with him.  I hate feeling useless."  
Kiyone said to herself pacing opposite of Tenchi.  Occasionally 
wisps of green energy would fly off her form as she lost
control of her feelings for a second.
     "You said it."  Minagi had been pacing with Kiyone; cracking 
her knuckles over and over.  It was strange how they seemed to get 
along.
     Y'mir was outside practicing Katas.  His way of dealing with 
this.
     Mihoshi sat on the floor beside Sasami; trying to comfort a 
worried Ryo-ohki.  And a worried Ryuken too.
     A sudden beeping startled them all out of their mood.  Except 
for Tenchi who began staring out into space.
     "What is it?" Ryuken asked Mihoshi.
     She looked down at her microcomputer on her wrist.  "Something
is coming toward us." 
     "And fast." Kiyone added.
     "INCOMING!"  Tenchi threw up a shield.
     
     Nobiyuki was trudging toward his house; back from another day 
at the office.  Y'know this long distance commuting really sucks.  
Only a few more years to retirement though.
     "Hello, my son.  How goes it?"
     He looked at the owner of the voice. "Oh not too bad.  Could 
use a break from work." he chuckled.
     "I think at times we all could."
     "Say, aren't you the priest that's been visiting dad 
recently?"
     The priest shrugged slightly in his garb.  "Yes."
     "What's up?  Something going on in the spiritual community?"
     He barely restrained a laugh.  "You could say that."  A 
beeping sound only he could hear made him pause his interrogation.  
What's...he looked up at the sky...that?
     Nobiyuki suddenly heard a high pitched whistling sound coming 
from overhead.  He looked up with the priest, and saw what 
appeared to be a meteor heading right toward his house. "That's 
not too good is it?" he asked.
     "No, it's not." the priest grinned.
     Oh Shit!  Here we go again.  For some reason though he felt a 
strange foreboding when he saw this one.  Which was confirmed a 
moment later as it crashed into and destroyed his house.
     He changed his pace from a slow walk to an out right run.  
The priest faded from view; seeming to disappear into nothing.
	
     Tenchi's field held.  Barely.  What could have such power?
     His senses focused on the eight beings that had materialized 
in the front of the group.  They bashed through the dampening 
field and nearly took out my force field.
     "See, I told you he could take it."  The younger looking one 
said to the taller white haired one.
     They definitely knew what they were doing.  That means they 
meant to destroy my house and quite possibly kill all those 
inside.  Rage flared inside him momentarily and his light hawk
sword and battle gear flared to life.  A sentiment quickly 
followed by the rest of them.
     "Who the hell are you?" he asked through gritted teeth.
     "Ah." the younger looking one proffered a bow, "Tenchi I 
presume.  I guess I'll skip the formalities and other speeches 
from bad guys I know you've grown to love over time."  Tenchi
tapped his foot on the ground patiently.  "Yes well, I bring 
greetings from lady Tokimi."  Their mood turned even more dark if 
at all possible.  "I see you have heard of her.  Then again that
idiot Dr. Clay was always fucking things up."  Tenchi had heard 
enough and decided not to wait for them to get any other possible 
advantage.  He had sized up the two standing together as being
the most dangerous.  He just hoped that the others would be able 
to take the rest once he committed himself.
     He moved and was almost immediately blocked by the younger 
one.  "Names Tetran.  How you doing?"  Tenchi bashed the long 
sword out of his way only to have to duck under the swipe of D3's 
broadsword.  These guys are fast and tough.
     Tenchi pulled back quickly so he could more easily defend 
himself.
     "I thought we were supposed to take this one alive?"  Tetran 
asked.
     "Accidents happen." he responded flatly.
     "Yes they do; don't they?"
     Tenchi moved again; faster than light, he was blocked, 
parried, and  slowly forced back; forced to fight a defensive 
battle.  I hope the others are having a better time.

     Azaka and Kamidake had been blown back from the initial 
blast.  Quickly recovering they launched themselves at the first 
two they came to.
     The nearest one; a young man with black clothing smiled 
mockingly. "Pathetic."  He raised his staff and sent out a force 
bolt that stopped the guardians, but did not destroy them as he
had hoped.  "More powerful than I expected."  One of the others; a 
man clothed in black clothing and a midnight beard, added his 
power to his comrades.  The two guardians fought back, but they 
never stood a chance.  They were blown to pieces by the combined 
power blast.
     The princess Ayeka saw this.  They had just..."AZAKA!  
KAMIDAKE!"

     Yoshou and Hayes wasted no time an attacked the ones clad in 
black like the others that had destroyed the guardians.  Hayes 
willed his weapons; blade bracers (think Guyver folks), onto
his arms and the Tenchi-ken sprang to life in Yoshou's hand.  The 
two moved fluidly and struck at the two members of Tokimi's 
personal body guard with the skill of centuries of combat 
experience and training.  Unfortunately so had the two they were 
fighting.
     Yoshou took the younger of the two.  He took the offensive 
and pushed his opponent away from Ayeka, Sasami, Ryo-ohki, and 
Washuu.  This guy is good!  He's matching me blow for blow, and 
I'm not holding back, he thought as he dodged a swipe of the 
falcion to the side.  He locked blades with him momentarily and 
smiled.  "You're not bad.  What's your name?"
     The man returned the smile.  "Malroth."
     
     "You cannot beat De'saad that easily!" His two short swords 
reflected the setting sun as he waited for the one who had taken 
him by surprise.
     Hayes had flown at the man initially launching him far away 
from the fight.  He hoped that had taken most of the fight away as 
he flew toward where his enemy fell.  It did not.
     His face remained neutral as he landed.  "Talk less; fight 
more."
     De'Saad leapt at him their blades striking back and fourth 
faster and faster; looking a lot like a fight scene from Dragon 
Ball Z.  Neither could seem to gain an upper hand.  It was going
to be a long night.

     Y'mir was having problems.  Tenchi had taken his fight to the 
air and as far away as he could to minimize the chance of any of 
them getting killed in a power backlash.  His father, Mihoshi, and 
Kiyone were busy with the moving blob.  Ryouko and his wife were 
circling the black cloaked one; battle outfits on and swords in 
hand.  His father and Yoshou had taken two of the others out of 
the fight.  Ayeka, Ryo-ohki, and Washuu had set up some sort of 
field around the little one.  As for him...he pulled back and 
fourth between these two in front of him.  They had destroyed the 
guardians and for that they would die.  But they had destroyed 
them so it would do to be cautious.
     "May I have the names of those who are about to die at my 
hands?" he asked with a flair.
     "Tetta."  the bearded one said gruffly.
     The younger one kept his amused expression when he answered.  
"Tessei."
     The two flew at him, and it was all he could do to keep ahead 
of them.  He wasn't going to win this fight like this.  In fact, 
he thought as he was led into a series of blows that weakened
him greatly, I'm not going to win.
     The one that would finish him came from Tessei.  He was 
stopped in midstride.
     The three combatants looked in shock as Tessei couldn't move.  
A blade blacker than any night appeared, blocking the staffs 
downward thrust.  A man appeared after.
     "Hello, name's Kagato.  Don't suppose I'm intruding any?" the 
priest grinned.
     
     Mihoshi looked at the mass of energies in front of her.  Kain 
a voice said in her head.  "We killed you!" she shouted.
     The energy mass appeared to stiffen then grew angry.  "So you 
were the ones who killed my brother."
     "And we're going to do the same to you!" Kiyone shouted.  Her 
vision turned red; the rage she had felt since she had found out 
about Kain had been dampened, but never truly squelched.  Now 
faced with this being who claimed to be Kain's brother, who had 
tried to kill them all, the rage had flared to new heights; and it 
had a target.
     Twin stars of power formed on either hand.  Wordlessly she 
projected the energy at him in a beam of intense power; causing a 
massive explosion in his general vicinity.  A smile of 
satisfaction formed on her lips.  Rot in hell.
     "Uh, Kiyone?"
     "What?" she turned in toward Mihoshi.
     "Umm...I don't think you quite know what your facing."
     Say what?  Out of the corner of her eye she noticed the dust 
and debris swirling away from the epicenter of the blast; not due 
to any wind.
     "Here let me show you what power is!" Abel rumbled as he came 
into view.  Lightning flashed from his arms pinning them both to
the ground.  Kiyone's cosmic energies flared around her, but try 
as she might she couldn't break free.  Suddenly the being screamed 
in pain as a figure jumped from behind him, twisted in mid air, 
his sword cutting through the beings face.  She was free and 
wasted no time in converting her form to something that would be a 
little more useful in the fight.  A woman of green energy stood 
now where Kiyone once did.
     Ryuken grinned, "Seems even someone like you can't take a 
Deneign's Soul Sword and walk away unscathed."  Abel growled and 
let his humanoid visage dissolve; his mass growing into that of 
the demon he truly was.  Ryuken's grin faded.  "Oh shit."

     This guy just doesn't quit! Minagi threw another lightning 
blast at the cowled being and nothing seemed to be getting through 
to him.  And his own blasts, while powerful, where just barely 
missing her.  Ryouko was having similar luck.
     Ryouko had had enough; forming her beam saber in her hand she 
charged him.  Only to have her forward momentum stopped as a hand 
blacker than midnight came from inside the cloak and grabbed the 
sword before it could descend on him.  He backhanded her toward 
the mountain.
     He's just playing with us, Minagi realized.  Grimly she 
formed her own sword and hoped that Ryouko had distracted him 
enough for her to move.  She shifted herself to right beside him
and cut him in a downward spiraling arc.  Her sword went right 
through him, and she gasped as the cloak fell away as that was the 
only damage it had done.
     A vaguely humanoid form made of some kind of inky black 
energy turned toward her eyes glowing red.  And though it had no 
facial features and no mouth; you could tell it was smiling.
     I'm dead; she thought.  Until a Kitana of light hawk energy 
attempted to cut through him.  He dodged but not in enough time to 
prevent all damage.  He jumped back and stared in shock at 
the fact his arm was no longer there.  
     "Fucking Djinn!"  Tsunami spat at him.
     Minagi could only stare at her.  She had seen Tsunami before; 
she was always so happy and heartwarming to be around.  Now 
clothed in her battle gear; hair tied into one pony tail, a dark 
green skin suit that flared out around her legs loosely, her 
breast plate that began at her shoulders and went down between her 
legs and around her back was multi-colored, her face having five 
'leaves' tattoos on either side, green metallic bracers on her 
arms, and a strange head band (similar to what Tokimi's looks 
like) on her head; she looked nothing like that.  She looked 
pissed as hell and ready to kill!  Especially with the two 
Kitana's she held in either hand.  The one she had labeled as a 
Djinn backed away.  He did not want to face the one that had 
killed so many of his brethren personally in battle, especially 
not wounded.
     Suddenly she looked away.  "Shit!"  She glanced at Minagi; 
still keeping the Djinn in her sights.  "I've wounded him; try to 
keep him busy.  Tenchi needs help."  Tsunami vanished. Alright! 
thought Minagi.  Ryouko appeared next to her and they charged him 
again.

     Tenchi parried a blow from D3's broad sword and delivered a 
counterstrike that sent D3 careening into a nearby mountain.  He 
barely pulled around in enough time to dodge a forward thrust that 
would have given him a new body cavity.  He pulled his sword 
around to knock Tetran's long saber-sword down and pulled around 
him in mid air; kicking him in the back with enough force to plant 
him a few feet into the ground.  Keep in mind these guys are 
absorbing blows that would shatter worlds; the property damage is 
simple backlash.
     Tenchi jumped out of the crater he had used Tetran to make 
and was nearly decapitated.  I've got to keep them going like 
this.  If we start with the power blasts we could well 
accidentally destroy this planet, he thought flipping back 
gracefully.  At least until Tetran phased out from under him; 
tripping him with enough strength to send him spiraling to the 
ground.  He rolled out of the way of D3's follow through jump and 
pound him into the ground.  But he didn't avoid Tetran's two 
footed flying kick that sent him rocketing into the nearby 
mountain.
     This is not good.  Don't know how much longer I can keep this 
up.
     D3 and Tetran rushed to face him.  He backed off warily.
     The one he knew as Tetran smiled at him.  "You are an 
incredible fighter, Tenchi.  Seems Cyraqs has taught you well."   
He also knew that this 'Tetran' was one of them.  A traitor? 
How is that possible?
     The quiet one continued to advance on him.  This guy was 
almost at his power level, but was not one of them.  Didn't matter 
he was out to kill, and Tenchi treated him accordingly.  Problem 
was with the two of them there he was the one most likely to die.  
<Cyraqs!> he called, but felt himself...blocked.
     Tetran chuckled as he felt Tenchi's mind try to pierce the 
barrier over his world.  "As you can see; between D3 and myself 
you can't call for reinforcements."  he lost his smile, "And as I
really can't stop my friend here I don't think you have long to 
live."  Tenchi smiled back.  Well, I guess I'll have to take you 
two with me then.
     "Can anyone join this party or is it a private gathering?" a 
melodical voice rang out from behind D3 and Tetran.
     Tetran turned and began to sweat.  "Tsunami."  She'd be a 
problem all by herself, now with both her and Tenchi...I need an 
edge.  He remembered something he had seen earlier.  I didn't want 
to start with this; the chances of killing one of the ones we need 
it very great.  But when backed into a corner, get desperate.
     Without warning he threw a bolt of star force at Tsunami.  
She barely got her light hawk shield up in enough time to disburse 
the energies into something harmless, but it wasn't completely 
transmuted; the rest of it, enough to destroy around ten Earths, 
she had to soak up personally and sent her flying into the 
mountain behind her.
     Tenchi hit Tetran with a power blast of his own; knocking him 
to the ground.  He moved to finish it quickly.  Not quickly enough 
as D3 managed to interpose himself between the two. 

     Have to move now, Tetran thought.  That power blast was 
potent, and well controlled.  It also screwed my power up a 
little, but not enough to keep me from getting to the initial 
blast site.
     Tsunami desolidified herself and dropped to the ground as she 
witnessed Tetran taking off toward the others.  Oh great Father, 
he's going after Sasami!  She tried to move, but fell to the 
ground.  She tried to get up but found herself a little too groggy 
from his unexpected attack; that must have taken a lot out of him 
too, but not enough.  I can't get to him in time...CYRAQS!  HEAR 
ME PLEASE!  HELP US!

     "What the?" Cyraqs barely dodged out of the way of one of 
their blasts before he sent out an multibanded energy spike; 
obliterating the group that attacked him.  Tsunami!  I hear you! 
You see, there are connections in the universe that cannot be 
severed; they share one such connection.  He tried to reach out to 
the Earth but found his way...bared.
     GO! he heard the gestalt say.  It is apparent now what is 
going on.  Those here should be enough to prevent them from 
destroying Jurai.  GO!
     Like you could stop me! he replied.
     Nor would we want to.  Be warned we will discuss this later.
     He shifted himself as close as he could to the Earth, but 
whatever was blocking him before was preventing him from shifting 
closer.
     Outmaneuvered.  Only way she could have done that is if she 
knew about us, knew I was watching.  How?  Worry about that later.  
Time to even the score.  He pulled his power around him and 
descended to the earth at near light speed.

     Tetran had sped as fast as he could toward the few holding up 
the field.  Damnit! Have to do this carefully or I risk hurting 
both Washuu and the girl.  Washuu won't bend, but if I take the 
girl they'll all back down.
     Then he felt his barrier pierced.  Cyraqs so good of you to 
join us.
     
     Cyraqs scanned the scene in a nanosecond and wasted no time 
in finding the strongest enemy energy signature he could find.  
That would probably be the one who will give them the most 
trouble.  D3 almost didn't' see it coming.
     He hit D3 with the force of an exploding planet; staggering 
him.  Cyraqs moved in a blur punching him in the gut, the face, 
and rib cage.  D3 grabbed at the smaller man only to find his
arm already put into some kind of lock and, with a mighty heave, 
Cyraqs threw him towards outer space.  He quickly followed.
     Tenchi looked toward the camera.  "Uh...yeah."

     There are times when I am glad I'm not as powerful as D3, 
Tetran commented to himself.  The first one he goes after is the 
most powerful around.  Typical Cyraqs.  He had approached the
barrier without much interference, as everyone else was otherwise 
occupied.  They saw him getting closer, and began throwing 
everything they could muster at him through the barrier.

     Cyraqs had met D3 in space; striking him with a force of a 
star being born which sent them shooting toward Mars.  Still 
fighting they crash landed on the surface with like an exploding 
comet and continued fighting underground, causing explosions all 
along the surface.  Soon the planet started feeling the effects, 
fissures began opening, Volcanoes long dormant became active 
again, and polar ice caps began to melt.  Finally, with an 
explosion that put a couple of other noticeable craters in the 
planet, they resurfaced in a mountain range some distance from 
each other.
     D3 began throwing energy blasts at the smaller man.  Nimbly 
Cyraqs dodged, twisted, and jumped from mountain to mountain in 
ways that would be impossible for anything that couldn't warp 
reality.  D3 finally got frustrated with his lack of effect and 
after sending one more volley at him (the surrounding mountains 
had already been obliterated in case you were wondering) willed 
his sword in existence and shifted himself closer to Cyraqs.  Only 
to find he wasn't there.  What the?!
     Cyraqs had anticipated this and had moved himself just a hair 
out of the way and right behind D3.  D3 barely turned before he 
received a staff upside the face; breaking his nose, and a side 
kick that pushed him back.  Cyraqs had underestimated the  
endurance of D3 however, and came in on the receiving end of a 
back hand strike that sent him flying into another part of the
mountain range.  This was unlike the fight he had with Tenchi who 
had been holding back and trying to outmaneuver them so he 
wouldn't accidentally hurt his friends.  This being had removed
that obstacle by removing them from the main battle area.  Tenchi 
probably could have done this himself, had he thought of it.  Such 
is the consequences of youth and inexperience.
     Cyraqs picked himself out of the mountain and ran his hand 
over the trickle of blood that came from his lip.  This guy can 
give it as well as take it.  He smiled in anticipation as D3 came
into view; his nose broken and bloodied on his face.  "Let's 
rock!" Cyraqs yelled.

     Washuu had been a problem throwing all those weird weapons 
and explosives at him after he had battered down Ayeka and Ryo-
ohki's shield.  Still it only took him a couple of seconds subdue 
her too.
     He reached for Sasami only to have something try to stop him.  
He paused momentarily as it seemed a man, nothing special about 
him, was actually attempting to restrain him from behind.  He 
grasped the man and flipped him over his shoulder and ran him 
through on the ground.  He took note the man had no fear in his 
gaze only determination as he weakly tried to pull himself up, and 
get to Tetran.  "You won't get th..." he trailed off as his life 
fled his body. Be proud, Tetran told him silently.  You have a 
warriors soul, and have received a warriors death.
     Sasami screamed.
     He paid it no mind.  Grasping her roughly, he put his sword 
up to her throat just as Tsunami and Tenchi appeared nearby.  
"*SURRENDER NOW!*"  So powerful was his statement those locked in 
combat stopped.  Then saw what was happening.
     Tenchi looked at the man next to Tetran.  Already dead.  
"Father." he said quietly.  HE KILLED MY...Anger, seething anger 
was all he felt.  His vision went red, and only the fact that
he held Sasami at sword point prevented him from attacking.
     "And if you don't wish the same fate to befall this girl, I'd 
suggest you surrender now!"  Tetran called to him.
     "You bastard!  The hell we will!"  Tenchi yelled, "Don't 
worry Sasami, we'll get you out of there!"  <Can't you do 
something Tsunami?>
     <No.  He would feel it instantly, and then who knows what he 
might do.>
     Tetran had his sword pressed very close to her young throat, 
effectively cannexing any further offensive action.  "You will 
give me what I want.  Or this young girl you've been protecting..."
he pressed the blade closer to her neck causing her to gasp in pain
as a little trickle of blood flowed from the wound, "gets a new
smile!" he sneered.
     "You're going to die slow and painfully!"  Ryouko promised 
him darkly.
     "Maybe," he conceded, "but not today.  Now give me what I 
want."
     "What do you want?"  Hayes asked.
     "I want what Tokimi wants; I want Tsunami," her gaze burned 
through him, "Washuu," who stiffened, "and I want those gems of 
Ryouko's; as well as the one's on that sword of yours Warrior." he 
glanced at Yoshou.
     Tenchi looked at him with murderous intent.  "Tokimi wants me 
too; why haven't you asked for that?"
     "You think I'm suicidal?" he grinned, "Now, what's it going 
to be?  I don't have too much time because I don't think D3 can 
take Cyraqs.  Decide!"  He commanded as the blood flowed a
little faster from Sasami's throat.

     As predicted D3 wasn't doing too good.  They had been 
throwing each other across the nearly dead world, but it seemed he 
had been taking the worst of it.  He was more powerful, but for 
some reason he couldn't match this smaller man in fighting skills.  
He was putting too much of his power into these blows and it was 
beginning to take it's toll.
     He tried a leg sweep followed by a downward slice of his 
sword; quickly jumped, avoided, and countered as Cyraqs' dragon 
staff broke another of his ribs.  Too weak to heal himself; he 
ignoring the pain.
	He tried to spin and block the next strike; which was just 
to knock his sword arm out of the way and much faster than D3 
could move anymore, Cyraqs back flipped kicking D3 nearly a mile 
into the air, and before D3 could recover Cyraqs flew up and 
struck him in the face with his staff driving him into the ground.
     D3 groggily pulled himself from the from the impression he 
had made in the mountains and watched as Cyraqs settled himself on 
the ground about half a km away.  He smiled.  So I am defeated.  
Better to die; than to see my love win, and be forever without 
her.
     He got up and charged the smaller man screaming like a 
madman.
     Cyraqs stood his ground as D3 approached.  Still he did 
nothing the closer D3 got.  It wasn't until D3 was almost within a 
few feet of him that he moved.  And when he did it was only to 
take his glasses off; to reveal eyes that were glowing bright 
white with power.
     D3 kept running; his scream changing to something else as he 
ran full on into the death blast.  He laughed.

     "Well?" Tetran asked.
     Tsunami let her swords disappear, and went up to him.  Her 
head was bowed, but the promise of death was still in her bearing.  
He wisely kept the sword at Sasami's throat.  It almost seemed to 
him there was a slight wound on Tsunami's neck.  Strange; he 
didn't remember doing anything, but hitting her very hard.
     Yoshou and Kagato both managed not to grin when Yoshou threw 
the Tenchi-ken to Tetran.  He grabbed it; and as predicted, it 
started trying to destroy him.  For all the good it did; it WAS 
hurting him, but obviously not enough to distract him much.
     "Turn it off, Tsunami!" The sword quit it's power discharge.  
"Better." he smiled mockingly.  He raised the sword 
telekinetically and forcibly took the gems from the hilt allowing 
the sword to drop to the ground.  Ryouko completed the act by 
tossing him hers.
     Washuu had been creeping up behind him; hoping to catch him 
by surprise.  She knew it was a small shot, but it was all they 
had.  He felt her moving again, and sent another force bolt her 
way.  She reflexively protected her middle as she was knocked out.  
Why did she...he grinned as he pulled her over to him with his 
power.  That's funny.  "Let's go!  We have what we came for!"  
Azmodeus asked him about D3.  He frowned a little.  "Casualty of 
war."  he disappeared taking Tsunami, Washuu, and Sasami with him.
     Tenchi could only think of one way to sum up the situation.  
"FUCK!"

     D3 lay back in the same impression he was blown back into; 
his life leaking all around him.  So this is death?  And welcome 
to it.  He smiled as his enemy, the one he knew as Cyraqs, came 
forward and stood over his broken form.
     "So *cough* you were the one who *cough* was spying on us?" 
he gasped weakly.
     "Yes."
     "Finis*cough*...Finish it."
     Cyraqs considered the fallen god.  "You and I are a lot 
alike.  We both would do anything for the ladies we love.  Only 
difference is yours wants to screw up my realm.  Mine just wants
her and her family left alone."
     D3 laughed weakly, "AND mine wants *cough* another.  I don't 
th*cough* think that I could live with that.  Finish *cough*"  he 
couldn't get up the strength.
     Cyraqs said nothing.  He reeled back and punched through D3's 
chest.  Lifting him, he felt for the source of D3's life and 
separated it from him.  With a flash of light D3 was dead. 
Cyraqs held the body there for a moment, seeing the last thing D3 
felt mirrored in his eyes.  A strange kind of peace.
     Maybe the one above all will grant you another chance.  
Forgive me for not paying you proper respects my honored foe, but 
I must continue the fight.  He lowered the body to the ground, 
bowed and shifted himself from the planet.
     
     Cyraqs reappeared on Earth moments after Tetran left.  
Something wasn't right.  "What the hell's going on?"
     "He killed Dad!  He took Sasami, Washuu, and Tsunami!" Tenchi 
yelled at him.
     "SHIT!"  Only one place they would have gone; wordlessly he 
shifted himself to her galaxy.
     "Well now this is getting interesting; don't you think 
Tenchi?"  Tenchi knew that voice, and he didn't welcome it.
     Tenchi kneeled over the body of his father as he answered.  
"I killed you Kagato, but somehow I knew you weren't gone!"
     "Well now I'm glad you are at least that perceptive.  I did 
hope you weren't just another tool."
     Hayes had heard this mans name and his vision turned blood 
red.  This guy had imprisoned his WIFE for the past two thousand 
galactic standard years.   Worse he did it by playing her for a 
fool; as she had confided in Hayes; the reason she had went with 
him in the first place.  She had loved Kagato.  Hayes stalked up 
to Kagato; who simply smiled back at him unafraid.  "Give me one 
good reason I shouldn't plant you six feet under!"
     "Well for starters; how 'bout the fact I saved your 
grandson."  He looked over at Y'mir who reluctantly nodded his 
head.  "And for my next reason; the fact that only I know where to 
go to rescue the lady we both love; Hayes K'thardin."  Hayes' eyes 
bored into him for a moment; before he finally turned away.  
Kagato grinned a little more.
     Tenchi sealed the body of his father in a crystal construct.  
I'm sorry father; it's all I can do for you now.  "So where did 
Cyraqs go?"  Tenchi asked.
     "I'm not too sure, but I bet they know." He pointed in the 
direction of Ryouko and Minagi who were bent on the ground; 
soundlessly clutching their heads in pain.
     "Ryouko!  Minagi!"  The collective cast shouted as they 
rushed toward them.

	"Here they are.  A little shaken up, but unharmed for the 
most part.  As promised Lady Tokimi."
     Tokimi herself stood above Tetran and looked upon his 
handiwork.  Tsunami glared at her with undisguised hatred and 
Washuu, now in her adult form, was unconscious, but not harmed.  
Yet there was something strange about her.  I'll scan her in 
detail later.  She idly noticed that he had both the gems she 
couldn't figure out, as well as a girl he held at sword point.
     <<Why have you brought her?>>
     "Insurance."
     <<Very well.>>  Tokimi took a closer look at her.  <<There is 
something about her...something different...I shall have to look 
into that.>>  She suddenly felt something impact the barrier she 
had placed around her galaxy.  Something powerful.  <<Someone is 
breaking through my barrier.>>
     "It's him." By the way he said it, she knew who he meant. 
"Shall I take care of it?" he asked.
     <<No.>> She gestured and both Washuu and Tsunami were 
suspended in a globe of pure force.  She smiled slightly, I think 
I wish to meet this being who has been watching us.  <<Give me the 
gems and leave us.  Prepare a suitable strike force to distract 
any others that come.  Leave this 'Cyraqs' to me.>>
     He bowed to her.  "Of course."  He smirked at Tsunami as he 
vanished.
     <<And now we have some business to discuss dear sister.>>
     Tsunami continued to glare at her sister, but underneath she 
was deathly afraid.  Cyraqs, Tenchi hurry!

     Pain; clarity.  That's what Ryouko felt as she clutched her 
head.  Through the pain she saw Minagi in a similar state.  All 
because of the last thing Washuu had said; almost subconsciously 
to her; no it was subconsciously.
     WOTLH batch.
     A command file inside of her.
     Information was being released within her mind.  History, 
equations, coordinates, and power!  She knew everything about 
Tokimi now; where to find her, and what she was after.  Minagi 
knew this too, she was Ryouko's daughter.  Sort of.  It had 
carried over to her.
     Mom has given me what we all need.  She has been unconsciously
preparing for this for awhile, and now...pain faded.  Both she and
Minagi rose to full height and glowed with their new power.  Four
wings of the light hawk flared around each of them.  Flowing around
them, it changed their physical forms.
     Ryouko looked mostly the same, however her hair had grown 
longer and thicker; almost touching the ground behind her, and her 
battle outfit was altered.  It was a black Kimono type garment 
with gold leafy designs all around and blue and red streamers (yes 
that picture, slightly modified) at the sides.  The inner garment 
was a loose free flowing near body suit that was almost the same 
color as her hair. Her boots were the same design as the outer 
kimono and extended to her knees; As were her gloves, which 
extended to her elbows and trailed off in a flared point.  She 
looked somewhat older; more mature as well.
     Minagi's change while not as drastic, was just as profound.  
Her battle outfit was no longer that.  It was of the same general 
design and color scheme but now looked like true body armor 
instead of skin tight body suit.  Her hair color had changed from 
cyan to bright orange-red in hue, and her eyes, now a crystal blue 
color, almost glowed.  She also appeared to have matured.
     WOTHL ended, they both heard inside of them.  Now they were 
complete.  Though still children.
     I don't believe this!  She knew all along.  But she didn't 
know she knew, and she gave me...us the information; all of it!  
"Follow me!"  Ryouko said.  She turned to Ryo-ohki who had
undergone a transformation of her own, but they had not seen it 
over the light show of the other two.  The crystals that had been 
part of the Ryo-ohki ship had risen from the lake.  They had 
merged with her, as had the ship itself.  She was taller; around 8 
ft tall, and her fur was longer thicker, so straight and rigid it 
looked like it could punch through nearly anything.  Not to 
mention it was a grey-black color with a large red gem nestled 
between her breasts.
     "Before we go, I think we need to check the guardians."  
Kagato smiled.
     "What?  But..." Ayeka stammered.  They were killed.  What 
does he mean?
     "Observe."
     They all looked to see two figures of blue energy coalescing 
from the wreaked forms of the guardians.  Slowly they elongated 
and changed; over the next few minutes gaining more and more 
definition.  Arm, legs, hands, feet, began forming.  Once finished 
they looked completely human. If you have seen the TV series you 
know what they look like.
     She couldn't believe it.  Not only alive, but..."Azaka?  
Kamidake?  How..?"
     "Long story.  We'll tell you later."  Azaka stated.
     Kamidake smiled at them.  "First we kick Tokimi's ass across 
the galaxy!"
     "Alright then!  RYO-OHKI!" Ryouko called.
     Ryo-ohki's gems flared red fire, and she screamed in that 
inhuman wail as she went through the familiar change.  Her 
starship form was relatively unaltered except for the large red 
jewel on what could now be called the front.
     Kagato walked up to Tenchi.  "Let's go.  I'll follow you in 
my own ship."
     "I'll go with you then."
     Kagato's eyes lit up.  "What?  Don't you trust me?"
     Tenchi jaw tightened slightly.
     "I see."
     Ayeka had been conferring with the two now humanoid 
guardians.  Now they approached Kagato and Tenchi.
     Azaka spoke.  "We wish to accompany you personally, Lord 
Tenchi."
     Kagato chuckled.  Heh, now it gets fun!  He concentrated; 
sending a mental command to his ship which beamed the four of them 
up.  Ryo-ohki followed suit and grabbed those assembled.
     They found the Ranger waiting for them in orbit.

     So what do we do?
     We wait here.
     But Tokimi has my sisters!
     Yes, but as long as she stays where she is we can't do 
anything to her.
     I can.
     You'll die.  Tip her off.  And she'll win.
     So what would you have me...
     PATIENCE!  I realized something a little while ago; this goes 
far beyond even what you think it does.  I have faith in those 
that have been chosen.  Cyraqs and Tenchi will provide us an 
opportunity.

     So the barrier prevents me from teleporting inside.  No 
problem, Cyraqs thought.  He drew in his power and focused it on 
the pink energy in front of him.  A hole began to open, and
as soon as it was large enough for him; he stepped through.  You 
think that's going to stop me you're wrong! he smiled grimly.  He 
started flying through the space of her galaxy many times the 
speed of light, the analytical part of his mind wondered how the 
hell he expected to take her down this way; when there was a 
reason he didn't do it the first time.
     His smile turned from grim to smartass.  When you're out of 
options; get nuts.

     A holoscreen appeared on the bridge of Kagato's ship as they 
sped through a hyperdimensional wormhole that Ryo-ohki had set up.
     "Listen, if she assimilates both Washuu and Tsunami; she will 
have supplanted the very consciousness of the universe.  She will 
become all that is."  Ryouko explained.  "Everything will be 
subject to her whim."
     "How is that possible?  Why those two?"  Tenchi asked. 
     Ryouko looked about ready to answer, but Kagato cut her off.  
"It would take too long to explain.   Let us plan instead on 
taking her out."
     "But we can't touch her!"  Tenchi protested.
     "At the moment of triumph the enemy will be most vulnerable.  
That's when we strike!"
     Ryouko looked at him with undisguised scorn.  "That doesn't 
sound too scientific to me, doctor!"
     Ah my daughter, still impetuous as ever I see.  "Ryouko; 
don't you know by now that there comes a time when you just shut 
up and take things on faith?" Kagato grinned mockingly.

     Tokimi had assumed more human proportions, to better interact 
with her captives.  She was going to enjoy torturing those that 
had defeated her in the past before she took their power.  Too bad 
Achika is dead, but I might still complete the process with 
Tenchi's aid.  Yet her curiosity about the small blue-haired girl 
was piqued.  What is it about her?  She approached the terrified 
girl and cupped her chin in her hand looking deep within her eyes.
     <<Relax child, you have nothing to fear from me, as of yet.>>  
Sasami continued to quail as she felt Tokimi stare into her soul.
     "Leave her alone!"
     Tokimi paused her examination and walked up to Tsunami; held 
within her force globe. <<My dear sister, you are in no position 
to make demands.>>  She reeled back and casually backhanded 
Tsunami.  She noted that Sasami was sent flying to the ground a 
trickle of blood ran down from her lip onto her cheek.  She turned 
and studied Sasami momentarily, then turned back to Tsunami.  A 
trickle of multicolored liquid energy (energon?) was running down 
from her bottom lip onto her chin.  Tokimi grasped Tsunami through 
the forcefield by the chin; not unlike she held Sasami before.  
<<So that's it.  That little girl is you.>>  Tokimi turned and 
held out her hand.  Sasami's was raised from her position and 
floated towards them.  Fear still very evident on her face.  
Sasami stopped in front of Tokimi, and she grasped Sasami's 
bloodied face yet again.  <<Yet I see she doesn't know it.  But 
why...>>  she smiled as she discovered something within the girl, 
<<I see.  Once an adult; your powers will increase by a factor of 
four, won't they?  I must have this young girl.>>
     "Tenchi and Cyraqs will come!" Sasami told her.  "They'll 
stop you."
     <<My dear girl, I'm counting on it.>>
     Washuu began to stir.
     <<Ah I see, my other sister is awake now.>>
     Washuu groggily came out of it and began to stare at her.  
"Lady Tokimi, I presume."
     <<Yes.>>

     Ryo-ohki brought the three ships out of Hyperdimensional 
space (a little different from normal hyperspace).  "We're here!"
     Ryouko smiled.  Yes we are!  "Good Job, Ryo-ohki!"
     "So what do we do now?"  Hayes asked.
     The Ranger, by far the largest of the three ships, formed his 
crystal shard shield and rammed the pink energy.  Right where a 
hole was already conveniently provided; courtesy of Cyraqs 
K'thardin's previous entry.  It took it a few seconds, and one 
hell of a light show, but eventually broke through, leaving a hole 
big enough for all three ships to pass.
     Hayes looked at the Ranger strangely.  Yeah, alright, sure.  
"I guess that solves that problem."

     "What do you mean 'other sister'?"  Washuu asked.
     <<You don't know do you?>>  she smiled, <<But of course you 
wouldn't.  I've finally figured these gems out.>> the three gems 
appeared within Tokimi's outstretched hand.  <<They're where you 
have put your recovering powers and memories.  To hide yourself, 
even from yourself, you gave them to your daughter, who 
unknowingly has been using your power. A true stroke of genius.>>
     "What do you expect from the greatest scientific mind in the
universe?"  She grinned as Tsunami groaned at the familiar phrase.  
"So what are you going to do about all this?"  Have to buy time.  
Time enough for the gang to get here.
     Tokimi let the bubble around Washuu fade.  <<Oh I think I'll 
just do this.>>  Her hand deliberately closed over the gems and 
squeezed hard.  With a grating sound accompanied by a flash of 
light she crushed them.  Ten lighthawk wings sprang from her hands 
and sped toward Washuu.  They rushed inside of her filling her. 
Power and memories came at her in a flood. <<Invigorating isn't 
it?>>
     Fast too fast.  She screamed and fell to the floor holding 
herself.  Tokimi smiled; enjoying the sight.  It thankfully ended, 
very quickly.  She expected Washuu to do something like look at 
her in anger; perhaps even hatred.  Instead Washuu rose, and 
clutched her lower abdomen.  It appeared she was mouthing 
something over and over after a moment.
     Thank God.
     Thank God.
     To say Tokimi was puzzled would be an understatement.  Until 
she rewrapped Washuu in her force bubble, and scanned her more 
thoroughly.  Her eyes widened; today is a day just full of
surprises isn't it, she thought to herself.  <<My, my sister.  
That could have damaged the little one couldn't it have?>>  Now 
Washuu gave her a look that promised she would track her down to 
the ends of the universe and kill her a thousand times over.  
Tokimi simply laughed.  <<I do hope you have your memories back.>>
     "Tokimi, you just put my unborn child in danger.  That's just 
one more thing you'll be sent to hell for!"  Washuu said slow and 
deadly.
     <<I think not.>>
     Tsunami had been struggling against her bonds as had Washuu.  
To no avail.  Tokimi had always been stronger, and they weren't 
quite as powerful as they once were.  Not to mention it appeared 
that she had found a way to augment her already incredible 
strength.  They had no way to break free.
     <<This may take some time, and will be quite painful for 
you.>> she smiled.  <<Also fatal.  But don't worry Tsunami, I'll 
take good care of Sasami here.>>  Streams of energy began pouring 
from them both, and into Tokimi.  As promised pain accompanied the 
process.  The pain of having your very life stripped away; yet 
neither gave Tokimi the satisfaction of screaming.  The same could 
not be said of Sasami who screamed at the top of her lungs, before 
the pain became too much, and she lost consciousness.  <<After 
all, with you dead she will need a connection to a higher power to 
stay alive.  I will be that connection, and our collective might
will be increased even further.  Together with Tenchi we should be 
able to replace the consciousness of all.>>
     Suddenly a sound, not unlike the sound an atomic bomb makes 
when it explodes, echoed inside the fortress.
     So you're finally here, Tokimi thought.  I have a warm 
welcome already prepared for you.

     Cyraqs had reached the general area outside the fortress 
without incident.  As much as he may have wanted to cause a few 
problems on the way; he knew he had to conserve his power for
the confrontation with Tokimi.  With that in mind, he had been 
masking his presence from all scans.
     He flew toward the fortress, and once he reached it tried to 
phase through the structure.  He found himself to be blocked, just 
like his ability to teleport anywhere in the universe.  That will 
not stop me.  Need to take some precautions before I start.
     He released his staff.  "I need you to stay behind; wait for 
the others.  They may need help, if...when they track me down."
     But...Drakhenn began as he flowed back to his smaller drake 
form.
     "No 'buts.'  I need an ace in the hole and you're it.  Now 
hide for a minute."  Drakhenn reluctantly did as told.  
     He chuckled a little as he watched Drakhenn fly off.  That 
kid is too much like me.  Oh well, time to finish this.  He pulled 
himself back slightly, and with the force of a super nova,
destroyed the wall in front of him.  That probably got someone's 
attention, he thought.  He peered inside and saw the passage ways 
crowded with those cloned warriors waiting.  Yep, thought so.  He 
grinned in anticipation.  "Let's have some fun!"
     
     The power drain continued, yet occasionally Tokimi would look 
away for a moment as blast after blast got closer to them.
     "Your dead now."  Washuu mocked Tokimi.
     <<I seriously doubt that.>>
     "Ah, but you don't know who your dealing with.  When Cyraqs 
and Tenchi get here you're going to wish you had never been born."
     <<We'll see.>>

<Paranoid-Black Sabath>

     Cyraqs faced another and grabbed the man's sword arm in one 
hand and hit his face with the other.  He went flying back and 
exploded before he even hit the wall; body parts flying 
everywhere.
     Another came at him.  Too slow.  He backhanded him through a 
wall.
     Three more came for him, their light hawk wings protruding 
from their armor.  Doesn't work if it don't connect.  He swatted 
them aside as if they were insects.
      Another came from behind and he elbowed him THROUGH the 
face.
     Two came from the sides, and he grasped them both by the 
chin; breaking their necks in one smooth motion.
     They came at him from all sides; in groups of however many 
could attack him at once.  They couldn't form their gestalt light-
hawk blast here without causing serious damage, maybe even the 
destruction of something important.  He couldn't use any of his 
full powers for the same reason, so it came down to who was better 
at fighting close quarters.  That answer was obvious.  Cyraqs 
looked like nothing more than the Fist of the North Star as he 
walked through the halls.  Any who came in contact with his blows 
either died immediately or disintegrated seconds later.  Any walls 
that were in his path received new doors.  Nothing would stop him 
on his way toward the center of the structure where he felt the 
lives of his loved ones.

     Azmodeus was worried, and suggested something to Tetran.
     "No we were told only to stop any others that came.  The lady 
has something special planned for Cyraqs."
     "Well then I don't think we have long to wait; look there."  
Abel pointed.  All saw the three ships streaking towards their 
fortress.
     Tetran's eyes lit up.  "Call in the super X carriers."

     The explosions had stopped.  Tokimi wondered if that meant 
that the one Tetran had named as Cyraqs had been beaten.  That 
line of thought didn't even have time to take root in her mind as 
the wall in front of her blew inwards, as one of her soldiers was 
sent careening through it.  Her eyes traced his flight path as he 
exploded before he hit the wall behind her; splattering his blood 
over the area.
     She stared in shock as a short white-haired and bearded man 
clothed all in black came strolling in through the hole.  Idly he 
dusted himself off, and looked around an inane grin on his face.  
"Hmmm.  Mildly amusing." she heard him say to no one in 
particular.  His gaze then seemed to focus on her.  Especially her 
chest.  For a good two minutes.  "What's up Tokimi?  Nice tits."  
Tokimi barely heard Tsunami's indignant cry as she facefell.

     Kagato looked at the scan results of the two ships on his 
holoscreen.  "Their power level appears to be a little excessive.  
They could destroy this ship easily, probably stop us here, even 
kill us."  He thought for a moment.  "Well all us non-cosmic god 
types anyway."
     "So what do you suggest?"  Tenchi asked him through gritted 
teeth.
     "Suggest?  Why that's simple my dear boy; something they 
would never expect."  A panel opened up on the control rack to 
reveal something that suspiciously looked to Tenchi like a 
standard stick shift.  "Head on attack!"  

<Blurr-Song 2>

	He punched the throttle button; aiming the ship straight at 
the fortress; shifting gears every so often and dodging power 
blast as they came close to the ship.
       Azaka and Kamidake clutched their chairs in terror; 
screaming at the top of their lungs, "WE'RE GONNA DIE!"
     Tenchi started backing away from Kagato, because he was 
beginning to grin like a maniac.  Everyone I meet is insane!  
Hell, with it, he figured.  He started grinning too.

     "What the hell are those guys doing?"  Minagi asked in 
disbelief as Kagato's ship crashed next to the larger hole already 
in the structure.
     "What needs done."  Yoshou said simply.  "You sure these new 
gems will sustain both Ayeka and my life if we step outside of 
Ryo-ohki?"  Yoshou indicated the one on his sword, and Ayeka 
absently touched the one implanted on her tiara key.
     "Definitely."  Ryouko replied.  "You guys be alright?"
     Y'mir answered.  "We can stay out there for about a day if we 
need to."
     She nodded.  "Send us out Ryo-ohki!"
     Ryo-ohki did as bid.  "Kick some ass Ryouko!" she said before 
turning her attention to the two super X carriers and three 
hundred plus soldiers that had targeted her, the Ranger, and
the small group of warriors that had teleported outside.
     Four light hawk wings extended and she started targeting the 
incoming ships.  You'll pay for hurting my friends, she thought in 
rage.  She powered up and opened fire.

     What the hell?! Tokimi thought as she picked herself up.  
This is the guy Tetran was so scared of?
     Tokimi was in a state of shock, if it can be said goddesses 
go into shock.  She had heard some amazing things about this man 
from Tetran.  How he could single handedly take on four or five of 
his own kind at once.  How many of the universes heroes he had 
trained.  How he had taken Tetran himself down.  She had expected 
him to be around 100 feet tall, looking like some kind of humanoid 
monster, and radiating power that would flatten a galaxy (though 
she felt this guy could do that if he wanted).
     Instead she was looking at five foot nothing young man, with 
a white hair (I wonder why it's spiked up like that, she wondered) 
and beard grinning evilly at her.  That and he had just 
complimented her on her bust size!  What kind of enemy does that?  
(Idly she was rather gratified to know they were nice enough to 
elicit positive comments from her enemy) Is he nuts?  Or does he 
know something I don't?
     Caution she decided was called for.
     Problem was it took her a minute to figure out what she was 
going to say.
     Brilliant!  Washuu thought.  She's completely off balance.  
Then she noticed Tsunami's slightly miffed expression.  Oh are you 
gonna have some explaining to do, son.

     <<You are the one called Cyraqs, I assume.>>
     He looked himself over.  "Last time I checked."
     <<You have caused me...>>  She trailed off as he ignored her 
and walked to the force globes she held the three in.  She watched 
as he traced the lines of power running from them to her.
     "You alright Tsunami?" A nod. "You mom?" Another nod.  
Mother?! Tokimi's mind blew up right there.  Washuu is Cyraqs' 
mother?  That would mean he's my...
     He reached out and felt the barrier.  "Not bad."  He studied 
Tsunami and Sasami a little more.  He frowned when he noticed the 
blood on their lip.  A strange absence of light appeared around 
his eyes; roiling almost like a kind of smoke.  He turned to look 
at Tokimi.  "I'm going to give you one chance here.  Let my 
Tsunami, Sasami, and mother go.  Withdraw your forces.  Get out of 
my realm.  Never come back, and I'll let you live."  He finished 
grinning.
     She laughed.  He is insane!  <<I'm afraid I can't do that, 
nephew.>>  His eyebrows perked up behind his glasses.  He turned 
to look at Washuu a questioning look on his face.  She reluctantly 
nodded.  He looked away for a moment.  The original report ran 
through his head...'sisters of an old race'.  Something clicked.
     You could almost hear it.
     He turned to look at Tsunami.  "Aunt Tsunami?"  Her eyes 
looked away for a moment before she bowed her head sheepishly.  
Did he..? Did they..? Tokimi looked at the way the two were acting 
and almost grinned.  Apparently so.  This situation would be 
highly amusing if it wasn't so serious.  "I see.  We'll discuss 
this after I get you guys out of here."

     A female awareness' hand went to her mouth.  Oh my, that 
could be a problem.
     See what I meant about a mess; A male awareness commented.
     Yes, now I do.

     "Well anyway.  Offer stands aunt Tokimi; take it or die.  Or 
take it and die; that's up to you." he told her asamatteroffactly.
     <<I think I take the third option.>>
     "That being?"
     <<Killing you.>>
     Four of the shadows that normally stood in front of where she 
resided detached themselves and coalesced in front of him.
     He studied them for a moment before he realized what they 
were.  Gods of the realms.  The care takers, and points of view.  
"I take it she has somehow mastered your realms."
     "For the most part." one of them replied, "She still needs us 
to maintain her link to the power there."
     "Why can't you fight her?"
     "She's a part of the all.  Much more so than us.  She has 
defeated us and as such gained mastery.  She therefore has the 
ability to completely obliterate our dimensions if we do.  They 
will be as if they never were."
     Cyraqs sighed.  "Then I am left with no choice."   He assumed 
an open hand fighting stance.  He didn't will his staff into 
existence as he didn't want her knowing the full extent of his 
power yet.  Good thing I left Drakhenn outside to wait for the 
others.  A lot of things were making sense now, and he definitely 
didn't want to give her too much info on such things.  In any case 
his plan to knock her off guard while it worked; worked too well 
and hit him too.  Shit happens.

     Ryouko and Minagi were casually flying through the ranks of 
the warriors.  Lots of power, and no fighting skill Minagi 
thought.  She dodged every blast sent at her; taking the 
occasional one out with her new lighthawk enhanced sword.  They 
seem to be picking their shots carefully so as not to hit that 
fortress.  I just hope we can keep these guys occupied long enough 
to let Tenchi and Kagato get to Tokimi unimpeded.
      Ryouko had a different view on things.
      Damnit they're keeping us occupied so we can't help Tenchi!  
Everyone is busy!  We can't break through! she thought angrily 
chopping through another of the soldiers.  She turned to look
at Ryo-ohki and the Ranger.  Those two were taking the brunt of 
the assault being the two biggest targets out there.  Fortunately 
Ryo-ohki was now well protected by her light hawk wings, until she 
noticed that the two larger ships were also protected by the 
wings, and were managing to soak up every one of Ryo-ohki's shots.
     Between the two X carriers they seemed to be concentrating a 
power blast between them.  A blast far stronger than even 
something the Soja could produce.  <Ryo-ohki get out of there!> 
Too late!  The power blast already tore loose and struck her.  
There was a definite weakening of her shields, but it didn't stop 
her.  <Good!  Keep pounding them they've got to go do...>  She was 
cut off as something painfully grasped her neck from behind. She 
was turned to look at who had done it.  Only to see it was the 
Djinn they had fought earlier; the limb that was cut off was now 
back.  Minagi saw her situation and attempted to intervene.  Only 
to wind up in grabbed by his other arm.
     I am through playing now, it seemed to say to them.  They 
both screamed in pain as he began to siphon off their powers.  I 
will enjoy sucking you dry.

     Tenchi, Kagato, Azaka, and Kamidake appeared outside the 
wreaked form that was once Kagato's vessel.  "That was fun."  
Kagato said to no one in particular.  Azaka and Kamidake
glared at him.
      He turned to look at down the passage way near where they 
had crashed.  There was quite a bit of devastation, but one line 
of it looked different than the rest.  It was in straight line and 
led to the heart of the fortress.  Not to mention had a lot of 
dead people up and down it.  "Which way do you think Cyraqs took?"  
Kagato asked.
     "I wonder."  Tenchi replied sarcastically.
     The four of them took off running down the passageway Cyraqs 
had left, running almost directly into two warriors obviously 
waiting for them.  Tetta and Tessei.
     Azaka and Kamidake fixed them with a deadly glare.  "Go ahead 
you two.  We'll take care of these guys."  Kagato and Tenchi went 
ahead while the four fighters circled each other warily.
     "Do we know you?"  Tessei asked.
     "Oh yes, we're the guardians you destroyed before.  Be warned 
it will not be as easy this time."  Kamidake replied.
     Tetta smiled. "Good."

     Kagato had left Tenchi to hold back a group of warriors that 
had come upon them from the side.  The last he had seen of him he 
had willed his new sword into his hands, and had been methodically 
taking them out.  If nothing else could be said about the man; he 
was one hell of a fighter.  Tenchi had no love for him but he 
truly hoped Kagato survived.
     He ran down the path absently wondering why this seemed 
too...he barely rolled under a long sword swipe that would have 
made him around a foot shorter...easy?  He came to his feet to see 
Tetran step from the shadows; sword in hand.
     "Cyraqs truly did teach you well.  I wonder just how good you 
are."
     So you want to fight huh?  Good.  Now you're going to die for 
killing my father! "Cutting your own throat would have been 
quicker."
     "You think so?"
     "And less painful."

     Ayeka, Y'mir, Kiyone and Ryuken quickly found the one called 
Abel and had been flying around him; letting loose with their 
power; almost like stinging gnats around an elephant.  It was 
quite apparent who was stronger, but they were just too damn fast 
and agile for him to adequately attack.
     Still it was only a matter of time before a mistake was made.  
Hurry up you guys; we need HELP! Kiyone cried out silently.

     Yoshou had flown down to the structure to see what he could 
do about helping those that had already gone in only to find a few 
soldiers waiting for him.  Easily dealt with, he thought as he 
finished the last one.
     "Shall we finish it then?"
     Yoshou turned toward the owner of the voice and smiled.  
"Yes, I don't see why not, Malroth."
     "Come Yoshou, at least show me your true form before we do 
battle."
     He let the illusion under his battle outfit fade, to show the 
visage of a young man.  "How did you know?"
     Malroth willed his falcion into being and answered.  "You 
didn't move right."

     Hayes and De'saad had found each other immediately and had 
been fighting using every weapon, move, and power in their 
disposal.  Flying nonstop through the space of the battle field, 
neither letting up for a microsecond.

     Cyraqs' hands moved faster and faster, past the beings 
defenses; striking him repeatedly with blows that could rip 
through reality.  Finally he weakened him enough; the next blow, 
he passed his hand through the being; feeling for his life, and 
destroying it; causing him to die in a flash of light.
     That's the last of them, he thought grimly.  I didn't want to 
have to do that.
     Tokimi smiled, highly impressed.  <<Excellent!  You truly are 
everything that Tetran said you were.>> she paused for a moment, 
<<I did think you would be more...imposing, however.>>
     He turned his attention back to her.  "Well what did you 
expect?  A twenty foot tall red and blue mechanoid driving in 
here; taking out your soldiers; and then facing you, dramatically
stating (mimicking Peter Cullen here) 'One shall stand.  One shall 
fall.'?"  He grinned as he heard Tsunami's groan of protest.
     Please great father, spare me from the puns; Tsunami prayed.  
Anything, but the puns.
     Tokimi looked at him with grudging respect; though she did 
not understand his words the meaning was quite clear:  looks are 
usually deceiving.  Still it would avail him little.  <<It appears 
that I can't kill you, but you cannot stop me either.>>
     She had him there.  As long as she was what she was there was 
nothing he could do to her.  Still there must be a way.  I can't 
interrupt the power transfer either.  I've got to save them...but 
only one way I can think of to do it.  I don't want to do that.  
It would ensure her ultimate victory, but at least they will live.  
"True.  Hows about we make a deal then?"
     <<A deal?  What could you possibly offer me that I would 
want?>>
     "This."  He held out his hand a sphere forming within his 
palm, and two long diamond like constructs appeared to either 
side.
     <<You can wield the light hawk wings!>> she gasped, <<You 
have also been able to adapt them to your purposes, but I can't 
see what that is.>>  She smiled at him.  <<Perhaps we can make a 
deal.  State what you wish.>>
     Tsunami couldn't believe he would actually consider..."Don't 
do it, Cyraqs!"
     He pretended to ignore her; though her words cut his very 
soul.
     "Here's what I want, and what you get..."
     
     Drakhenn killed another one of these mindless puppets as he 
proceeded toward the level where he felt the power to be 
strongest.
     He had entered (try ripping a hole through it's hull) one of 
the ships as soon as he had seen them enter this space.  So far he 
had felt them fire three shots; all of which he had felt been 
soaked up by his beloved Ryo-ohki.  She was stronger, much 
stronger than before, but he still wasn't sure if she was up to 
taking them both.  The Ranger was no help; he was busy taking on 
the brunt of the warriors that these ships carried.  So, he 
reasoned, it is up to me.
     He flattened three more as they came at him.  These guys have 
armor that can produce light-hawk wings, he thought to himself.  
That had forced him to reveal something that Cyraqs had only said 
should be used in dire emergencies.  It doesn't get more desperate 
than this!
     He reached what he saw to be a turbo-lift, but found it 
locked as he tried to open it.  His fangs twitched as he bared his 
teeth.  I will not be thwarted!  He ripped into the lift as if it 
were paper and flew down the shaft; destroying what internal 
defenses that activated as he passed.
     Closer, he thought feeling for the main reactor, 
closer...There!  He bashed through the bulkhead to find what he 
expected; and at the same time not.  His eyes widened at what he 
saw.  A lot of dead engineers, and Mihoshi playing with the wiring 
on one of the consoles.
     WHAT THE...HOW THE..?
     "Oh hi, Drakhenn.  How you doing?  Wow, I didn't know you 
were a rainbow star dragon!  Aren't those kind of like Super 
Saiyans?  Anyway think you could help me?  I'm trying to mess with 
the targeting systems."  She held up a green wire, blue wire, 
yellow wire, and red wire.  "What do you think I should work with; 
the green ones or the blue ones?"
     He ignored the fact she knew what he had become for this 
fight.  He ignored the fact she somehow got in before him AND had 
killed everyone here.  He ignored the fact she was messing with 
something, and he had no idea what she was doing.  The only thing 
he didn't ignore was the fact when it came to Mihoshi; one should 
just go with it.
     He told her that green worked for him.
     "Oh, O.K."  He kept a straight face as she started messing 
with the red wires.

     The Ranger had finally finished the last of those that were 
attacking, only to see Ryo-ohki badly injured as she tried 
valiantly to keep up the fight against the two ships.  She wasn't 
doing too hot, and they were already powering up for another 
last.
     One chance then.  Those still fighting paused momentarily to 
behold something truly awesome.  Ranger began shifting and 
changing it's outer and inner components.  Panels on the front and 
back slid open; arms and legs folded out from the openings.  The 
center began folding in on itself; elongating to form the upper 
and lower torsos.  The head rose out of the shoulders; eyes 
glowing blue with power.  This is the Ranger: robot mode.
     Ranger didn't bother to pause for effect as it flew toward 
one of the ships and grasped it tightly crushing it in a bear hug.  
In this form it was a little more vulnerable, and the ships 
defense systems began pealing chunks out of the Ranger.  It 
ignored the pain tightening it's grip.  Unfortunately the blast it 
had been trying to prevent was at critical levels. "Ryo-ohki LAND 
NOW!"

     "Got it!" Mihoshi yelled in triumph.

     The beam streaked out, but not toward Ryo-ohki.
     "Oh shit!" Kiyone yelled; dodging out of the way; to be 
quickly followed by Ryuken, Y'mir, and Ayeka.
     Abel was puzzled.  They were so eager to fight me, but what 
are they doing..?  He felt an energy coming toward him and turned 
to see the white light coming toward him.  "Oh F..."  The beam 
struck him; blowing him to atomic particles.
     "What the hell...?!"  Ryuken asked dumbfounded.
     Kiyone smiled at Ryuken.  "Can't you guess?"  He looked at 
her strangely, "Only Mihoshi could do that!"  She laughed.
     He looked down and mumbled to himself.  "Great, and I just 
happen to really like that lady too."  She started laughing 
harder.

     O.K. then, Ranger thought.  He continued crushing the ship 
his crystal shard shield and their light hawk wings fighting 
against each other 'til it finally imploded, then exploded; 
blowing pieces of itself and the Ranger all over the place.
     Well shit, he thought as his head floated through the 
wreckage unscathed.  That was totally uncool.  Now I have to hope 
that Cyraqs survives to put me back together.

     Mihoshi started jumping up and down as she witnessed Abel's 
destruction on the holoscreen.  "Oh boy!  That worked great!"
     Drakhenn nodded keeping a straight face.  He looked around 
and suggested that they really needed to destroy this place before 
any more security forces got there.
     "You worry too much.  They're still looking for you on the 
other levels, and it will take them some time to track down why 
their targeting went haywire."  What are you, Mihoshi?  "Still I 
suppose you may be right."
     Good then step back and I'll...
     "You think this will do it?"  His jaw dropped as she pulled 
THE Fusion Cannon from somewhere (where did she get that?) at 
least twice as large as she was, and holding it easily.  He nodded 
yet again.  "Good."  She walked up to him and grabbed his arm.  
"This is going to be so pretty." she commented as she aimed her 
gun at the reactor, and pulled the trigger.

     Azmodeous absently noted the other X-carrier exploding 
soundlessly in a flash of light.  So it looks like your friends 
have destroyed both of our super ships.  Not to mention Abel.  You 
two will not be so fortunate.
     Ryouko and Minagi continued to struggle against Azmodeous as 
he kept slowly draining their lives away.  There has got to be a 
way!  He shifts his substance away from our lighthawk swords every 
time we use them.  What can we do?  Then something came to Ryouko, 
something from her new information; the light hawk force is an 
energy, not just a physical like construct, and can be treated 
accordingly.  And the Djinn was definitely not siphoning that part 
of them.  Well if he doesn't like the Light Hawk energy, maybe I 
should introduce it to him first hand.
     She reached up and grasped his arm and began pumping the 
light hawk power into him.  He stared at her in shock as she began 
actually hurting him. He tried to pull away, but her grip with the 
power was too strong.  Now the other one was doing the same thing 
and there was nothing he could do about it.  His own energies were 
being eaten by the Light Hawk force.  He began thrashing around in 
panic, desperately trying to break free as there energies tore 
through and consumed him; disbursing his very being all over the 
place.
     "So how does it feel to be slowly eaten alive?"  Minagi asked 
him cruelly.
     He started screaming, and screamed all the way to the end.

     They had been flying and fighting for what seemed hours.  Yet 
they were too evenly matched for either of them to gain the upper 
hand.  We'll both die this way...Hayes spied something in the 
distance...unless...  He steered them towards what he was looking 
at.  De'saad never saw Ryo-ohki's lighthawk wing as flew into it 
at a very high speed, cutting himself in half.
     "Remember,"  Hayes' voice took on a lecturing tone, "always 
watch where you're going."  Hayes took off toward the fortress.


     Yoshou and Malroth danced.  Beautifully, rhythmically, 
deadly.  Each movement countered, each thought anticipated, each 
stance matched.  They jumped, twisted, flipped, dodged in all the 
ways you see in the movies, only they did it for real.  The 
difference was beyond anything that could be described.  Suffice 
it to say, it was truly awesome to behold.
     They grew close; twisting their weapons around and around 
each other; striking blocking, the first one to make a mistake 
would die.
     So it was no surprise when their blades struck each other at 
the same time.  Malroth's in Yoshou's shoulder; Yoshou's in 
Malroth's heart.
     Malroth laughed.  "Today WAS a good day to die." His head 
slumped forward, and his body fell to the floor as Yoshou withdrew 
the Tenchi-ken.
     Yoshou backed up against a wall and slid to the floor in 
exhaustion.

     Ryo-ohki had collapsed her form to her old humanoid one in 
exhaustion, and was drifting helplessly through space.  She felt 
strong arms encircle her as well as wings.  Wait a minute...wings?  
She opened her eyes to see the worried visage of Drakhenn, and he
looked...beautiful, shimmering all colors of the rainbow moved 
over his skin which now looked more like plate armor instead of 
scales.
     He was still as warm as he always was.
     "Hi."
     He answered the only way it seemed appropriate.  Hello, 
beloved.  She felt her middle go soft at his words; and despite 
the pain, smiled at him as he brought them down toward the
structure.

     Tetran never expected the sheer fury and power that was being 
directed at him now.  I underestimated him.  Tenchi's attacks were 
faster and much stronger than before, pushing him back, barley 
dodged and blocked. I've got to find some way to beat him.  He 
barely stopped Tenchi's downward swing, and was forced back as he 
Tenchi brought his sword down to attack Tetran's legs.  Every blow 
kept getting stronger and faster than the one before.
     He realized something:  Cyraqs had let him live a very long 
time ago.  Tenchi would not.
     Tetran weakly pulled his sword around to strike only to find 
Tenchi's broad sword at his throat.  Tetran let his sword vanish.
     Time for one last gambit.  "You could have it all you know.  
All you have to do is surrender to Tokimi." he grinned.
     He kept that smile as Tenchi's sword severed his head from 
his neck.
     "I don't want it all.  I just want my people to be left 
alone.  And you killed my father you sonofabitch!"  He spat on the 
corpse as he continued on.  For some reason he felt a little 
better.

     <<And that is your offer?>>
     "That's about it."  Cyraqs answered.  He tried really hard to 
ignore the looks that were being directed at him by Tsunami and 
Washuu.  The look of utter betrayal.  Another couple of scars on 
my soul, he thought wryly.  Oh well, I'm about to sell it, so I 
guess it doesn't matter, but for some reason it did.
     She considered it momentarily.  <<So I get you in exchange 
for them.>> she pointed toward her sisters, <<Body, mind, and 
soul, of your own free will?>>
     "Yes.  That should give you whatever power you need for 
whatever you wish to do."
     <<You believe this?>>
     "I do." he replied without emotion.
     <<Your offer is...acceptable.>> she smiled.  You must be 
stupid to think me so honorable.
     A voice echoed all over the amphitheater, "NOT GOING TO 
HAPPEN."
     "Go away Tenchi." Cyraqs told him quietly.
     "You know I can't do that."
     "Leave.  Everything has been taken care of."
     Tenchi's eyes started to glow red behind his glasses.  "At 
the cost of the universe?"
     Cyraqs turned to look Tenchi in the eye; his bearing one of 
regret.  "But you'll all live." 
     "You call what will happen to us life?!"  Tenchi asked in 
disbelief.
     "A sealed off realm where you are all free to engage your 
pursuits free of her; is as life."
     "What about everyone else?"  Tenchi barely got his sword in 
place before Cyraqs was on top of him; Cyraqs' staff straining 
against Tenchi's sword.
     "LEAVE!" Cyraqs shouted desperately.
     "NO!"
     Cyraqs' staff twirled behind him and down and knocked 
Tenchi's sword down.  He tried to get his sword back into guard 
position before Cyraqs struck again, only to have his arm
knocked to the side and a kick planted in his stomach.  He reeled 
back trying to out maneuver the smaller man.  He knew he was 
stronger, much stronger than Cyraqs, but Cyraqs was both faster 
and a whole hell of a lot better.  He was using it to his 
advantage.  He felt the butt of Cyraqs' staff on his ribs, which 
he barely managed to roll with.  Still he was pushed back further 
still right into...Tokimi's waiting arms?!
     Yes Tenchi.  Let us see how correct Tetran was.  <<Come 
Tenchi...come to me...You are the one I truly wish...>>  It was 
seductive, too seductive, like all the sunlight and warmth in the 
universe.  Every good promise wrapped into one shining package.  
He could barely keep himself conscious; to refuse.   <<Come...>>
     "Yes..." he felt himself say.
     Oh Christ, I just played right into her hands.  Tenchi can't 
deal with that yet!  I. AM. A. FOOL!  Cyraqs raged to himself 
helplessly as he saw Tenchi wrapped in her power.
     Tenchi felt her arms; really felt her arms now.  She had come 
down to a point where she could really touch him.
     It felt so good.

     She has made herself vulnerable, we must act now!
     Tenchi hold her! the female awareness shouted.
     
     And he heard.  "Tenchi hold her!"  That voice.  He hadn't 
heard that voice, really heard that voice, in so long his soul 
cried out!  It cut through the fog she had put him in.  He obeyed.  
He held Tokimi; held her tight.  As tight as he could while 
watching two spheres of power that had appeared above; descend on 
their position.
     She felt them too, and recognized one in particular.  <<I 
KILLED YOU!>>  She struggled as hard as she could to get out of 
the way, but Tenchi kept a hold; not allowing her to shift back to 
her higher level form.
     They struck, and when they did, the area around Tenchi and 
Tokimi went white; lightning striking all over the place 
destroying everything it touched.  Then darkness.  The universe
shuddered.

     "You coming Yoshou?"  Kiyone asked as she shouldered the 
fallen priest.
     "As much as I can." he laughed weakly.
     "Hurry up!  We've got to help those guys!"  she looked at him 
a moment, "And after we win, I'll ask you about that illusion of 
yours."
     He felt a chill when he considered that.

     The collective crew ran down the hall pausing only long 
enough to Tetta and Azaka continue their fight as they crossed in 
front of them.  Off in another corridor they heard Kamidake and 
Tessei still locked in combat.
     Hayes paused momentarily himself to help Kagato to his feet 
(he was sitting in the midst of many dead bodies, trying to regain 
some of his strength), before they continued on.
     They reached the center, to see Tokimi and Tenchi hit by two 
globes of power and everything to go dark.

     "*WE'VE GIVEN YOU A CHANCE!*" an omnipresent voice screamed, 
"*MAKE IT COUNT!*"
     
     A crystal shard appeared in the darkness; the two force like 
constructs on either side of the globe broke off and shattered 
into fourteen wings of the lighthawk.  They surrounded what
seemed to be a humanoid form; then went black.  A hand appeared 
and grasped the globe causing it to elongate then disappear.
     The lights flashed once showing gold boots that rose into 
shin guards and flared out at the knees(Samurai Troopers?).  The 
lights flashed again showing gold gauntlets.  The lights flashed
showing a gold V type breast plate.  The lights began flashing 
faster showing green armor connecting all the gold.  A green 
dragon helmeted head, with eye and mouth guards looked up. 
The staff he held in his left hand was twirled behind him, his 
stance going into one of battle ready.  The omnipresent light ceased
flickering.
     His battle armor was something to behold!
     Tokimi was in a daze, but she now existed on the lower level 
dimensions.
     He noted that Ryouko and Minagi had gotten Tsunami, Washuu, and
Sasami out of the way.  The old man was in a far corner of the room
shielding someone.  
     This Bitch is MINE!
     His staff was raised, and a blast of power tore loose.  It 
struck her blowing her completely through the walls of her 
fortress and into deep space.  He flew after her; striking her 
across the face with his staff; his feet coming around in one 
smooth motion striking her face again.  She flew back, but not 
far.  As his staff came around for another strike, she dodged back 
letting it fly harmlessly past her.  Before he could recover she 
had grasped his arm and threw him into a near by planet with 
enough force to send him into it's molten core.
      <<You don't seem to realize the power you're dealing with!>> 
she told him.

     Ryo-ohki saw the lights around them go out and trembled.  
"What's going on?" she asked; very afraid.
     Drakhenn looked up and watched the sky for a time; until the 
lights of the stars reappeared.  He grinned at what he saw.
     "Look Ryo-ohki!"  he said out loud.  out loud!  He spoke!  
His voice was deep, rumbling.  Almost comforting.  "And behold my 
beloved, as only those of us with the eyes to see can behold!"  He 
pointed to the stars and she saw.  She saw the battle against 
Tokimi's mirrored there. "Behold either SALVATION OR ARMAGEDDON!"  
He picked her up, shielding her with his wings.  "Now let us go 
join the others and do what we can."

     The battle had ceased.  All combatants gazed on the stars; 
the universe reflecting the struggle that would decide it's fate.
     Only thing that could be done was pray.  Raiden was doing 
this now.  "God help us."

     Azaka looked down at the bloodied form of his enemy.  Finally 
defeated.  "You may kill me, but my mistress will still win."
     Azaka smiled, "Maybe, but you won't be around to see it."
     
     Kamidake and Tessei were locked in a battle of strength.  
Their powers straining against each other; they broke apart seeing 
that this fight was getting them nowhere, and rushed each other 
one last time.  They passed each other, and stood still for a 
moment.
     Tessei fell clutching his chest as blood poured from it.  He 
fell moments later.
      "That was for what you did to us before."  Kamidake told him 
quietly.

     "*TOKIMI!*"
     She turned to face the owner of the voice.  Tenchi stood 
behind her in the void of space; his eyes glowing black.  Three 
wings extended in front of him; branching off in rapid succession
until Sixteen light hawk wings surrounded him.  Each one flew 
around him; forming a different piece of his new armor in light.  
Each part restructured itself into a new armor; symbolic of his 
new power.  It was almost the same as before; minus the streamers.  
The additions were obvious; as it looked more like chain mail than 
cloth that surrounded the nonarmored portions of his body.  His 
legs now had some kind of leather looking boots complete with shin 
and knee guards, and he had gauntlets of black that went to his 
elbows.  Instead of the wood head guard that once adorned his 
head; he now had a blue metallic looking piece that rose out from 
the shoulder; hugging his neck and face.  It left his face and top 
of the head open, and flared out into four points on the back; two 
on either side.  His breast plate was a little more ornate than  
before.  His left hand reached out and grasped the remaining wing 
to form his Light Hawk Sword.
     <<You wish to fight; come for me then.>>
     She grinned slightly as he streaked toward her.  She blurred 
as he came close.  He knew where she would have gone (he had been 
a big fan of DBZ after all).  He pulled his arm around to strike 
behind him.  She caught it and the follow through back hand.
     <<You are powerful, but no match for me.>> she whispered in 
his ear.  She started pulling his shoulders apart painfully. He 
gritted his teeth; straining, but he couldn't seem to get strength 
enough to break her grip.  <<But don't worry.  There are other 
ways to gain your UNGH!>>  He was suddenly freed.  Falling free he 
rolled to a ready position to see Cyraqs using every skill and 
move he could think of against her.
     She hit him with a blast that pushed him back about half a 
light year, then as D3 did before her she began throwing blast 
after blast at him.  Grinning he began...He's flipping out of the 
way?!  Problem was every shot that missed him hit something else; 
a planet or even a star.  Destroying star system after star system 
within her galaxy.
	She's going nuts.  If we keep this up the universe itself 
could suffer.  Tenchi rushed her again only to be sent back toward 
her fortress via lightspeed delivery service.  He managed to slow 
his descent enough so he only impacted with enough force to put a 
large crater in it.
	He groaned and opened his eyes.  Yoshou was staring down at 
him.
	"How am I doing?"
	"Needs work."

	The others by this time had found their way out of fortress 
again.  They stood on it's outskirts in awe of the power that they 
was being used.
	"I've got to help them!"  Ryouko cried.
	Washuu placed a hand on her daughter's shoulder.  "You 
wouldn't last five seconds out there."  She turned her attention 
back toward the fight.  "I'm too weak to help too.  We have to let 
them handle it."

	"You can keep firing and I can just keep avoiding...OOOF!"  
She had blurred again punching him in the gut with enough force to 
destroy a collapsed star.  He reeled back as she began lobbing 
blast after blast at him again.  Only this time he couldn't 
compensate fast enough, and on the fifth one was forced to use his 
shield to protect himself.
	She watched his crystal shard shield soak up the power, but 
not disburse it.  What did it do?  She received her answer 
momentarily when a globe of power formed in his hands and was 
projected at her in a beam of light.  She barely managed to dodge 
it, the binary star system twenty light years away was not so 
fortunate.
	So that's it.  His adaptation of the shield; instead of 
disbursing the energies harmlessly; it transmutes it to a form of 
energy he can readily use.  She smiled; how absolutely 
fascinating.  Still it will do him no good.  Twin sword bracers 
appeared on her arms; the blades extending three feet in front of 
her hands.  Since this way seems to be most effective; let's see 
how long he can withstand me.
	His staff appeared in his hand again, as he began blocking 
and striking as fast as he could against her twin swords.  Power 
backlash from their blows began rocketing all over the galaxy 
destroying everything it came into contact with.
	Somehow she wormed her way past his defenses and cut through 
the armor on his side.  Though he sustained no damage to his body 
the force used sent him a few hundred light years away where he 
impacted into a planet.  At the speed he was traveling the planet 
simply crumbled, but it did slow him down enough so he could stop 
outside of that star system.
	That hurt!  I'm outmatched here.  Better see if I can take 
her by surprise.  He cloaked his form and waited while Tokimi 
quickly caught up with him.  She stopped around two million Km 
away and started scanning the area for him.  She started smiling 
in his direction.  Damn.  Using too much power; she saw me.
	He then saw a beam of energy impact her with explosive 
results.  The energy backlash blew most of the remaining planets 
in the system apart even before the star self destructed.  The 
energies of it's death washed over him harmlessly as he tried to 
discern what effect it had on Tokimi.  A little bit singed; and a 
whole hell of a lot pissed.  That is not good.
	Tenchi had engaged her and was doing about as well as he 
had.  Only problem was he could throw a little more power into the 
fight; causing even more of the galaxy to be destroyed.  I can't 
land a blow on her! Tenchi thought in frustration.  Which was an 
understatement; not only could he not land a blow on her, but she 
was busily cutting through sections of his armor, though it 
regenerated almost instantly, he felt every bit as if she had cut 
him.
	Cyraqs took this moment to intervene and almost got through 
to her.  Almost, she pulled back at the last second, and planted 
both elbows into his back as he passed.  Tenchi tried to take 
advantage of her distraction.  She was too fast, and caught his 
sword in the midst of it's downward arc.  Smiling she pulled 
herself around and kneed him in the gut; sending him another 
couple of light-years away.
	<<Is this the best you two can do?>>

	Ryouko grimaced behind her light-hawk shield.  She had been 
forced to set this up to protect the group from the incredible 
power that was raging through this galaxy.  She had some help in 
the form of Washuu and Minagi.  But why only..?
	"Where's Tsunami?"
	"And Kagato and Drakhenn for that matter?"  Y'mir asked.

	She barely avoided the diagonal cut and follow through 
backhand strike to her midsection of Kagato's sword of darkness.  
So this fool wants to play?  <<I don't think I've met someone who 
could use that kind of power. What do you call it?>>
     "The Raven's Talon.  Your death."  He attacked again only to 
be stopped, almost before he began.
     She held his sword back, and grasped his throat with the 
other hand, <<You poor misguided scientist.  Do you think even 
THAT can destroy me?>>  He kicked up on her arm, breaking her 
grip.  Not pausing to savor even momentary victory he tried to 
press his attack.  For all the good it did.  She hardly seemed to 
move as she put her swords through his chest.  He didn't give her 
the satisfaction of screaming in pain as her blades pushed 
completely through him.  She pulled him close and looked into his 
eyes.  He grimaced feeling her probe his soul.  <<How does it feel 
to know your life's work is wasted?>>
     She threw him off her swords negligently, toward a piece of a 
planet that floated by.  But before; just before, he left her 
arms, he let his sword fly.  He impacted hard, but he hardly felt 
it over the pain in his chest.  Whatever she had done wasn't 
healing.  He still managed a smile.  "Seems your blood flows as 
freely as mine."
     Despite the distance and vacuum, she heard.  She looked 
puzzled 'til she saw a couple of glowing drops of energy float 
past her eyes .  She put her hand to her chest and felt the wound, 
barely a cut, but the most dramatic injury she had thus far 
experienced.  Her eyes blazed; this wasn't even the most powerful 
of the fighters! And he had injured her!  She raised her hand 
forming a globe of power to obliterate him.  Instead she found her 
face on the receiving end of Cyraqs' staff.
     "Rule #5:  Never become so angry you loose your edge."
     She felt something liquid run down her lip.  He had just..!  
AGAIN!  She growled, attacking him much faster than he could 
compensate for.  He managed to block the first couple of strikes, 
but the third cut him deep through his armor across the chest.  
<<You will die slow!>> she promised him as he floated helplessly.  
Her blades moved down, but something deflected her strike.  She 
reeled back.  Who could..?
     "You'll have to face me now; sister!"  Tsunami stood there 
defiantly; both Kitana's at the ready.
     <<It took all three of you, at the height of your power, to 
beat me before.  You should know you have no hope now.>>
     Tenchi tried to decapitate her.  While ineffective, it did 
force her to give ground.  "As long as someone exists to defy you; 
there is hope!"  
     
	Drakhenn in his drake form pulled Cyraqs a distance from the 
fight.
	You can't quit now, he told the prone form of Cyraqs.  She 
isn't beat yet!  He changed himself back to the Dragon Staff and 
merged himself with the original fighting staff.  We can
still win!  The staff slowly pulled the wounded cosmic being to 
his feet.  You must get up!
     "Yes."
     At last an answer, he thought.  Alright!

     She had hit Tenchi with a power blast that staggered him and 
an elbow to the face; effectively removing him from the fight.  
Tsunami on the other hand was being toyed with.
     Our two most powerful fighters are down, but I can't fail 
now!  She was no slouch when it came to fighting.  She had been 
fighting on and off for the past 30,000 years.  Even so she was no 
match for Cyraqs, and here was her sister who had bested him.  
This did not bode well for her.
     She had initially attempted to gain an advantage after she 
had taken Tenchi down, and for awhile she had pushed Tokimi back.  
Using every iota of power she had she began raining blows on her 
sister; causing even more chaos in the galaxy, as the fabric that 
held it together was becoming destabilized.  Such is what happens 
when pieces of the universe are at war with each other.  It did 
not last long; Tokimi quickly regained the advantage and had begun 
chopping at Tsunami's limbs as she dodged her sword strikes.  
Nothing major yet; just 'flesh' wounds that hurt like hell.  
Tokimi also shortened her long hair by a foot; adding insult to 
injury.  Just enough to slowly chew away her hope of winning.
     I've got to end this now!  Impatience will get you killed a 
wise man once said.  Tsunami should have been paying more 
attention.  For in her next blow she over extended herself 
allowing Tokimi under her defenses.  It took Tsunami a moment to 
realize that Tokimi had impaled her on her blades.  The universe 
itself seemed to cry out in agony.
     <<I told you.  No match.>> she sneered  <<It will be so easy 
to take your power as you die!>>  Tsunami staggered back and 
floated helplessly; clutching at her mortal wound. <<A much less
painful fate than what I had planned initially.>>

     Ayeka was mesmerized.  The battle was...there was nothing she 
had ever seen to compare to it.  Her Tenchi, Cyraqs, Tsunami 
Drakhenn, Kagato.  The entire fight mirrored across the field of 
stars.  Stars that were being subjected to energies most couldn't 
handle, and began destabilizing; self destructing all around.
	Then she saw Tsunami lock swords with Tokimi, and fight her 
with all she had.  For all it was worth, it was apparent she had 
no hope of winning.
	She saw every injury that Tsunami sustained appear on her 
sister.  Sasami valiantly tried to ignore the pain as best she could.
Especially the haircut she received.  Still Ayeka held her as cut 
after cut appeared on her sister.  Every whimper of Sasami's anguish
tore through her, as Ayeka held her sister helplessly.
	It seemed almost slow motion when she saw Tokimi's blades 
rammed into Tsunami's gut.  Sasami cried out in pain.
	Her heart almost broke.  Within the small form of her sister 
was a wound that mirrored Tsunami's. 
	"No." she pleaded quietly.  "Please no."  She grasped her 
sister to her trying to will some of her Juraian energies into her 
wounded body.  Hopeless.  Whatever Tokimi had done she couldn't 
undo.  Her life continued to flow slowly away.
	"Why isn't she dead?" Y'mir asked.
	"How can you be so cold?"
	Stupid girl.  "That's not what I meant.  She should be dead.  
She's not."
	She looked at him almost startled.  "Tsunami must still be 
alive."

	Tokimi didn't even feel it as Cyraqs moved; implanting his 
staff in Tokimi's midsection.   She was sent careening a thousand 
light years into, and through a quasar.  Her body was so awash 
with disruptive energies the blue giant never had a chance.  It's 
end was breathtaking, and managed to stun the hell out of her.
     She recovered herself in enough time to see both Tenchi and 
Cyraqs come upon her.  Absently she clutched her midsection.  That 
had caused some serious damage!  <<There is no way you should have 
been able to get up!>>
     "I heal quick; though I feel like I've been hit by a runaway 
Black hole."
     "And you shouldn't underestimate our desire to protect our 
family.  That will always overcome any force sent at us."  Tenchi 
had recovered and stood defiantly with Cyraqs.
     She sneered at the two gods who had the gall to continue to 
challenge her.  <<Come then to your deaths!>>

     <Techno Syndrome-Immortals>

     Cyraqs went first; quickly put down.  She didn't even have 
time to recover before Tenchi took his turn; cutting her across 
the shoulder.  She sent him flying with a hurricane kick.  Only
to have to start dodging Cyraqs' staff thrusts; a whole hell of a 
lot faster and stronger than before.   They were now on the 
outskirts of her galaxy; the energies no longer taking out stars 
in droves, but disrupting the self sustaining barrier she had set 
up around the galaxy.  It rolled with the energies; reflecting 
multicolored light as it strained to maintain integrity.
	She managed to put him down again with an gut-punch; knee to 
the face combo, but barely managed to pull back from Tenchi's 
swipe that would have cut her in two.
     They were attacking like madmen; as soon as one was put down 
the other would take his place.  They didn't even act like they 
were feeling pain.  No matter what she did to them they just
kept coming, and coming, and coming!
     Nothing was stopping them.  Nothing could stop them!  Every 
thing she did only served to rile them on.
     She suddenly found her hands knocked up by Cyraqs' staff and 
a double footed kick planted in her chest.  If she had ribs; they 
would have been broken.  She was forced back only to have to duck 
back from Tenchi's sword strikes, and though she managed to avoid 
that, she didn't avoid his recovery.  That being his sword hilt in 
her face.
     She fell back a light year away.  She recovered her balance 
weakly only to see both Cyraqs and Tenchi fly at her from either 
side.  She barely got into a stance of ready; as they approached.
     They passed her; both weapons down as if finishing a strike.  
The universe stopped, everything stopped for just a moment.  
Tenchi broke it first by rising from his slightly bent position, 
and turning to face her.  Cyraqs did the same; half a second 
later.
     Tokimi stood stock still for a second longer; then fell to 
into a fetal position; clutching at her abdomen as it started 
spilling liquid like energies everywhere.  She tried to talk; only 
blood came out.  Pain!  Oh merciful Father let it end! she wailed.  
She barely noticed the two warriors; armor broken; limbs and 
bodies bloodied, stroll up to her from either side to gaze at her.
     <<Why..?  How..?>> she asked.
     "How many times do I have to explain this?  I don't want it 
all.  I just want you people to leave me and mine alone." Tenchi 
answered.
     "It's real simple Tokimi.  We had the love and the will.  The 
love for our family and the will to protect them.  You just found 
out the singular truth of our existence.  There was no way
you could win because no force could overcome us then."  He 
glanced up at Tenchi.
     Tenchi nodded.  She will not come back from this.
     Together they struck Tokimi a final time.  Their hands passed 
into her body and felt for her connection to her power and life.  
They grasped it once found and began to pull it asunder;
severing it from her.
     She screamed as she felt her life being torn away.  Fight as 
she might they would not relax their grip, and continued to pull.
	<Sisters help me!>
	Achicka, Washuu, and Tsunami looked upon her sadly.
	<We can't.>  Washuu replied.
	Achika nodded.  <This is the fate you have chosen for 
yourself.>
	<The same fate you had in store for the universe.  We could 
not let you continue.>  Tears began tracing Tsunami's cheeks.  
<Why Tokimi?  Why did you have to make it be this way?>
     Cyraqs looked upon Tsunami as he did this.  Even through the 
pain she was feeling; he could tell she now wept for her sister 
who was about to die.
     <Tenchi...>
     <I understand.>
     With a mighty tug, a scream, and a flash of light Tokimi life 
was severed.  She disappeared; her substance dissipating across 
the universe that spawned her.  The universe shuddered again; then 
fell silent.  Tenchi glanced about him.  This galaxy won't last 
but maybe a few weeks, the damage done was too great.  I don't 
think any of us will bother restoring it.  Too bad.
     They looked at each other for a moment and nodded at the same 
time.
     "Let's go do what we can for the others."
     "Yes." Tenchi agreed.
     The others, while wounded, would live.  Only Tsunami/Sasami 
and Kagato were not in that equation.
     The old man and the young woman he had been protecting 
appeared next to him on the asteroid that had miraculously 
remained unscathed in the conflict.
     "Kagato."  The older man spoke.
     "No, go help the others.  They need it more." he spoke 
weakly.
     The old man bowed his head; the young woman shed a tear for 
him as she left to join the others who were hovering around the 
broken forms of both Tsunami and Sasami now together at the broken 
remains of Tokimi's fortress.  The old man did do one thing as he 
left; he brought Kagato with him to the ruined structure.
	Sasami's body had mirrored everything that had happened to 
Tsunami's energy form, and now both lay dying on the ground.
     Cyraqs was doing everything in his power to heal them, but it 
was no good.  It seemed even he didn't have that kind of power.
     Let me help.  He smiled; his mother had said those words.  
Yes, together we may be able to do it.  He felt his powers 
amplified by Washuu, then through Washuu Tenchi (they can't 
combine their powers without a medium; a goddess would serve that 
purpose admirably), then Ryouko, then everyone else.  Still not 
enough!
     DAMNIT!  Why isn't this working?  As soon as one is brought 
back the other deteriorates; causing the other to go back down, 
and both of them to GET WORSE!
     It doesn't work because she is a goddess and a dual being, he 
heard a voice tell him.  A goddess should not die, but if it does 
come to pass that she is killed her death is much more profound 
than a mortal's death.  Her link to the girl makes it that much 
worse.
     He suddenly felt two more powers enter him now.  Achika he 
knew to be the woman. Odin, the old man, he knew to be the second.
     <There is a way to save them,> Achika told him, <but only if 
you are willing to do two things.>
     <What?> he asked.
     <The first is something I know you were debating about doing.  
She will forgive you for it.>
     Cyraqs bowed his head.  <If they don't I won't care.  They'll 
live.  What is the other?>
     <A life can give you what you need to bring them back.  You 
must sacrifice a life.>  The old man told him.
     <Then I will...>
     <NO!> he was interrupted by Odin, <I will be that life not 
you!>
     <But...>
     <Cyraqs I have lived long enough.  Longer than you could ever 
possibly imagine.  It is my time.  This is the way I choose it.>
     <Old man, you make me forever in...>
     <Save it!  You want to repay me, YOU DON'T FUCK IT UP WITH 
HER!  YOU HEAR ME!>
     <I hear you, and I obey.>

     <Halcyon On, On-Orbital>

     Cyraqs collected the energies around himself pulling, pulling 
in as much power as he could; as much life as he could, and 
focused it at the two figures in front of him.  Bits of light
began flying around the two; lifting them up; entering and 
infusing them with new power.
     <Old man...>
     <Yes.>
     Odin reached deep within himself; to the very core of what he 
was, and surrendered it all to Cyraqs; who took it, and gave it to 
the figures now lost in the light.
	His last sight as he died, was the figure of a young girl; 
around fourteen or fifteen years of age descending into Cyraqs' 
arms.
     Cyraqs smiled as he saw her; a little beaten down, but 
otherwise alive.  Her eyes fluttered open to see him; weeping 
openly.  Thank you old man.  Thank you.
     "Welcome back." he smiled.
     "Oh my that was strange...Why am I...Who...Tsunami?  Sasami?" 
They were switching back and forth quickly as they struggled to 
make sense of what was going on.  It was so comical it made him 
laugh.  Though very weakly.
     "I had to combine Tsunami's energy form and Sasami's physical 
form.  It was the only way.  Of course you're now around fifteen 
physically.  A side effect of the power transfer, nothing can be 
done about it." he told them sadly.
      His eyes grew heavy. He suddenly keeled over into her arms.  
She shifted slightly and now it was he that was being cradled.

     <Death of Optimus Prime-Vince De'cola>

     "Cyraqs!" they cried.  "Cyraqs!"
     "hmmm?" he smiled weakly.
     "I just now got you!  I don't want to loose you!"
     "S'okay.  Don't worry."  He reached up and traced the outline 
of their face.  "Too badly hurt.  Used a little too much power is 
all.  Just have to go away, discorporate for awhile."  He brushed 
aside her bangs.  "I'll heal.  You've seen me do it before.  Be 
patient, huh?"  She...they sobbed a little as they bent down and 
kissed him on the lips as he began to fade.  They held him in this 
embrace until he vanished completely.
	She was barely aware of Achika sitting down beside her; 
holding her as she cried.

     He looked at the woman who held Sasami as she cried.  No Way!  
No Fucking Way, he exclaimed to himself.  It can't be!  But he 
remembered the time he had died, and her message then.  'I am not 
part of this light.'
     "Mother?" she heard a voice ask.
     "Yes Tenchi.  Yes." she said softly, in the way he always 
remembered.
     He stared for a moment.  "How..?"
     She looked up at him regretfully.  "I promise all will be 
revealed in time.  Now other concerns must take precedent."  What 
could be more..? She inclined her head in the direction of Kagato.
     He reluctantly nodded his head.

     "Kagato..." he heard a voice call him.
     His eyes fluttered open.  "Did we win?"
     "Yes.  We won."  He smiled as he recognized his loves voice.
     "That's good.  It'd have been a screwed up universe she would 
have made." She could hardly hold back her tears as Hayes put his 
arm around her.
     Tenchi shifted himself next to Kagato, "I can still..."
     He grabbed Tenchi's hand in fury.  "No!  No."  He smiled 
again, "No this universe hates me for what I have done.  It's 
better this way."  He turned back to Washuu and Hayes.  "Take
care of her alright?"
     Hayes looked upon his foe; no not foe; kindred spirit, and 
answered the best way he could.  "With my life."
     "How did you find out?" she asked.
     He chuckled.  "All your answers will be found on the Science 
Academy computers.  You know where I hope."  A thin stream of 
black blood trickled down his chin as his lips formed a smile. "My 
little red head, please don't think too badly of me, huh?" 
     She caught her breath and barely collapsed in tears when she 
heard his old pet name for her.  Before he changed.  Now, however, 
she knew why.  Somehow he had found out what she really was, and 
the danger both she and the universe faced.  He had taken it upon 
himself to protect her, and gather the power he would need to take 
on Tokimi himself.  My poor misguided love.  You never asked for 
help, until the very end.  "Yes." She looked on sadly, "I see now 
why you did what you did.  I forgive you for it."
     "That's good.  I don't think I could die right if you didn't.  
Hey Tenchi?"
     Tenchi blinked.  "What?"
     "Lighten up will ya?  You gotta learn to have some fun while 
you're doing this."  His head fell to his shoulder; the smile 
still on his face.
     Tenchi reached out and closed Kagato's eyes.  "I'll try."

     Achika felt them all around.  In her minds eye she could see 
them as they appeared all around the stronghold in flashes of 
multicolored light; each one radiating power unimaginable.
     One had appeared almost right next to them, and had placed a 
comforting hand on Sasami's shoulder.  She looked up at him, tears 
streaming down her face, directly into his eyes that reflected 
this universe.
     "Rest assured, Cyraqs will be back." Raiden smiled.
     She bowed her head still crying.
     "What happened to the beings attacking Jurai?"  Tenchi asked 
as he picked up the body of Odin.
     "Without their controlling force; they just stopped."
     "Good."  Tenchi said.  Hayes walked up to them; Kagato's body 
draped over his shoulder; the rest of them gathered around Tenchi.  
"Let's go home."

     Tenchi looked around the cave that was once Ryouko's prison, 
and let his mind wander over the events that had transpired just 
two days ago.
     Just to think that we did all that, it's mind blowing.  We 
quite literally saved the entire universe.  
     Clean up is taking awhile; there were many zillions of those 
mindless soldiers that needed taken away.  Not too sure if I agree 
with just destroying them like the others did, but I don't see
too much alternative.  We hastened the incineration of the galaxy 
Tokimi recreated.  Somehow that gives a sense of closure to the 
entire thing.
	Then there is what happened next.  His mind went to events 
that transpired just after the Tokimi incident.

     He was the one that was asked to go to Jurai as the Emperor 
had personally wanted to thank those that had saved their 
starsystem from the scourge of the dark goddess.  He had
readily agreed, as he had something he needed to say to the 
emperor...personally.
     Azusa had expected the lot of them to come to his receiving 
hall, not this singular solitary figure, beaten down and bloodied 
as bad as he was.  It took him a moment to recognizing who it
was; and when he did, the blood drained completely from his face.  
His two wives on either side of him looked on; knowing smiles on 
their faces.
     "You said you wished to see us.  I am the envoy." Tenchi said flatly.
     He tried to recover himself; how could...how?  Can't worry 
about it now.  "Yes we wish to extend thanks.  According to legend 
the Juraians were the decisive factor that helped you turn
away a great evil a long time ago.  So we wish to say if you feel 
you owe us a debt..."
     "Do not flatter yourself.  We owe you nothing." Tenchi glared 
at him, "We owed someone else.  Even if we didn't owe her; we 
would always defend she who has the innocence of heaven and the 
wisdom of eternity."  Misaki smiled in pride at the mention of her 
daughter.  Only she could elicit such a devotion from anyone.  
"That is all I have to say."  He turned to leave as he heard 
murmurs of "Outrageous!" "How Rude!", and the like from the 
assembled nobles.
     The emperor's face turned red in anger.  Not only does this 
upstart have a claim to the throne, but he treats me like I'm 
some...
     "Listen Azusa."  the nobles gasped as this being had used the 
emperor's name, "I don't care about your fucking throne.  I don't 
care about your fucking sense of protocol.  The only thing
I care about is keeping my family safe."  He turned his head to 
face Azusa, "So if you ever try another stunt like you did awhile 
ago with that pretty boy noble you got for Ayeka..." he grinned a 
perfect imitation of the smile Cyraqs used to scare the shit out 
of people.
	"You'll kill me?"
	"No.  I happen to adore your wives too much for that."  
Funahou actually blushed, and Misaki...well she grew even more 
Kawaii than she already was.  Definitely the right thing to say at 
that time.  "I'll just do what you most fear I'm going to do."
	"What's that?"
	"I really will take your throne."  Looking from side to 
side; he smiled at the shocked expressions of the nobles 
assembled.  Overbread shitbags.  He willed himself back to Earth.
     Azusa looked in askance at his two wives.  He found no 
sympathy in their faces.

     That guy is going to cause problems for me later.  Oh well, 
problems come anyway.  At least now I can plan for one of them.
     He looked around at the cave.  It was something he had been 
planning to do for awhile, now was a good time for it.  He reached 
out around him, and crushed the area in a cave in.  Destroying the 
prison for all time.  So long to a lot of bad memories.

	He walked through the rock, and outside into the light.  
Ryouko was waiting for him a smile of thanks on her lips.  He 
grasped her hand, and nodded in acknowledgment.
	"The others are waiting, now." she told him.
	"Then let us bury our dead, and pay them the respects they 
deserve."
	She teleported them back to where his family was gathered at 
the small graveyard by the shrine.  Ayeka came up beside him and 
took his other arm.
	The ceremony lasted for the first part of the day; the wake 
would last for probably a couple of days after.  Tenchi stopped 
them before they could retire to the shrine to start their 
remembrances.
	"Listen all.  I don't want to know what went on during the 
past howevermany thousand years to bring all this about.  I don't 
want anything like that discussed," he glanced at the younger form 
of his grandfather and Ayeka who was deliberately not speaking to 
him; Washuu and Hayes; and Sasami.  They got the message.  "It's 
not that I don't care; it's that until we are all truly together, 
it should not be done."  They wordlessly nodded.  Not until Cyraqs 
got back.  "Good.  Then let's go to the shrine and remember those 
that are gone."

	Around the evening he found himself back at the small grave 
yard behind the shrine staring at the three new head stones.
     The first one read:  'Kagato:  Though his methods were 
questionable, the end was what he sought.'  Kagato you bastard.  
Everything you did you did for Washuu.  If only you hadn't
thought you needed to do it yourself this might have been 
prevented.  Might have beens are dust in the wind as they say.
     He turned his gaze to the next one.  'Odin:  How long does a 
waterfly live?'  Tenchi mentally completed the quote.  A day in 
the life of man?  A blink of an eye for the gods?  And still his 
life is better spent than one who denies his destiny.  Raiden said 
that was your favorite quote.  How very apt.  Odin.  Never knew 
you, but you gave life to my little sister.  I thank you for it.  
I swear nothing will ever happen to her.  So would Cyraqs were he 
here.
     The last one he could hardly bear to look at.  'Nobiyuki:  
Beloved father and husband, We'll miss you.'  Dad.  Brave fool.  I 
never told you I loved you enough.  Mom's not dead, but now you 
are.  She disappeared just after the funeral.  I'll try to keep 
her from doing something stupid, but I don't know if I can.  It's 
just not fair that one of you is dead while the other is not!  
It's not fair!
     "No it's not fair Tenchi."
     "Sasami."
     "Not quite, she's letting me talk now."
     He turned and smiled at the; he couldn't call her a little 
girl anymore that was for sure.  Still his little sister no matter 
what she may think.  He was still trying to get used to the way 
Sasami wore her hair now.  After Tokimi had shortened it a bit she 
simply let it hang loose; free of any decorations.  She claimed it 
was easier to manage that way.  "Tsunami." he acknowledged.
     "This won't do you any good you know."
     He frowned.  "I'll get over it.  It'll take some time."  She 
appeared like she was going to say something else, but she stopped 
as Tenchi walked over to her.  "There is a lot that's going to
happen over the next few months.  A lot of stuff is going to come 
out that's going to cause a lot of nasty things to be said.  I 
want you to know, no matter the outcome I still love you, little 
sister and always will."  She couldn't say anything; so she 
settled for hugging him roughly.  "And before I forget..."  She 
looked up at him questioningly.  He pushed her back and place her 
hands in a receiving position; his on top.  He closed his eyes for 
a second and a ball of light appeared in her hand.
     She studied it and gasped when she recognized it.  "How..?  
You have no control over the soul.  How..?" she asked again.
     "One of us no.  Two or more of us, yes.  It's the only thing 
we can combine our powers for, and we must be in total agreement.  
In this case Cyraqs and I were."
     She looked at it again in amazement.  Tokimi.  Not as she was 
later in life, but completely devoid of her life experience;  
everything stripped away.  As she was in the beginning.  She 
looked up at Tenchi in gratitude,  "I don't know how..." he placed 
a finger on her lips.
     "Don't worry about it." he smiled and walked away.
     She smiled again.  Well what do you think Sasami?
     I?  I think we should do exactly what you're thinking.
     Tsunami smiled, and brought the glowing light into her womb 
where it would remain until it was needed.  They would have to 
talk to Cyraqs about it, that was true.  Still they were
absolutely confident about the outcome.  A combination of her 
soul, ours, and his.  Yes that should do it.  And this time dear 
sister, no, my daughter; we will do it right.

     Nobiyuki didn't know how long he had been waiting at the end 
of this tunnel.  Time had ceased to have meaning.  Suddenly he 
felt two more  presence enter this 'waiting' area.
      "So this is it?"  Kagato asked his companion.
      "Looks like it."
      How did he know his name?  For some reason it didn't matter.  
Two figures seemed to step from the light.  As they got closer it 
could be seen one was clothed all in white, the other in black.
     "G. Louis.  What's going on?"  Odin asked.
     "Nothing.  Ready for the big ride?"  The one in white asked.
     "Yeah, I suppose."
     "Head on up."  The one in black invited.  To which Odin took 
him up on the offer.
     "Hey Nobiyuki, what tortures you think they have waiting for 
me in hell?" he asked grinning.
     "Don't know.  Looks like you may get your answer in a 
minute." The ones called G and Louis approached the two souls.
     "Kagato.  Not bad.  Not too bad at all."  said Louis.
     "I know what I've done, and am ready for the consequences.  I 
achieved my goal.  She's safe.  Whatever else happens...." he 
trailed off as the two started laughing.  "What?"
     "Oh man, you think you're going to hell?  No, how about 
something else?"  G asked.
     "Something else?"  He obviously wasn't expecting this.
     "Yes.  How about a chance to live a good life.  One where you 
won't have to do what you did.  One free to engage in whatever 
pursuits you want.  Not like before where you're whole life
was to help restore balance.  This one just for you.  Don't worry 
about the fact it sounds pretty selfish.  Believe me you've more 
than earned it."
     Kagato laughed.  "Why not?"
     They smiled as he faded from view.
     "Have a good life Kagato."
     "And now on to you."  Louis looked at Nobiyuki.
     "I'm ready for whatever fate I have earned."
     They both chuckled.  "Are you?"  Louis asked; very amused.     
"We need someone to fill a position in the universe Nobiyuki."
     He looked strangely at Louis.  "A position?"
     "Yes.  You see when Tenchi and Cyraqs took down Tokimi, they 
took away one of the pillars of reality; though she is still 
alive, she is no longer that.  We need someone to take her place.  
Otherwise the universe will eventually collapse on itself.  Your 
family will not survive."
     Nobiyuki sighed to himself.  I can't let that happen.  Looks 
like we will never meet again my wife.  "I have no choice."
     "Don't look so glum."  Louis smiled, "After all, there are 
certain compensations to the job."
     "What do you mean?"
     He didn't reply in words, but his eyes focused on something 
behind Nobiyuki.  He turned and saw..."Achika."  His wife.  His 
beautiful, beloved wife.
	She ran to meet him and threw herself into his arms.  He 
grasped her and twirled her around in the air; both laughing in 
happiness.  "How is it poss..." she kissed him silencing all words 
he tried to speak.
     "Don't worry she'll explain everything.  You two take care."  
He wasn't sure which one had spoken, but he didn't care.  He was 
too busy otherwise.

     Tenchi paced around the house in the middle of the night.  It 
was something he had been doing a lot of recently.  He was told 
that Cyraqs did this at times too; now he knew why.
     "Tenchi."  Great now I'm hearing my dads voice.  Goddamn 
ghosts can't keep from haunting me can you?  He took a couple of 
more steps.  Another voice stopped him. 
	"Tenchi."
      "Mom."  He turned to look; to see both his dad and mom 
standing there; holding each other and looking at him.  He shook 
his head.  Closed his eyes; opened them after a few seconds.  Took 
his glasses off.  Scanned the area.  Yep, definitely there.  He 
was hardly aware of crossing the distance to hug them both. He 
supposed it would be logical to ask how, why and all that.  He 
really didn't care, only one thing he did care about.  "You're not 
going to leave are you?"
     "No, my son." Nobiyuki replied, "We're not going anywhere."

     Tsunami, Sasami, and Washuu watched teary eyed as they saw 
their sister, the new pillar, and Tenchi holding each other; 
reunited at long last.
     "Does this count as a happy ending?"  Tsunami and Sasami 
asked.
     "I don't know.  But it's the best definition I've ever 
witnessed."  Tsunami handed Washuu the kleenex she was using.  She 
gratefully accepted and dabbed her own eyes.  "I take that back. 
This has got to be a happy ending."

     <End Theme-Hero-Crosby and Collins>

Authors Afterward:  First thing I would like to do is thank Chris
"God-boy" Angel for his prereading and helpful comments on this
chapter.  Thanks man, it means a lot.  No this is not the end.
So what all did I do so far?  Let's see reuunited the entire
extended family of the Tenchi universe.  Set up most of the
characters.  Killed a bad god; replaced her with a good one.
Killed all the bad guys and a few good (or at least semi-good)
guys.  Typical action adventure, but then it was meant to be.
The next one is entitled 'Aftermath', and will wrap up this story
line.  I have a few side stories I wish to write to fill in a few
gaps, and I will write them as I write the sequal to this story.
That one has the tentative title of 'War of Succession'.  It starts
around 6 months after 'Aftermath'.  As always I'm at
nolendr@boxer.navy.mil.  All comments and critisisms are welcome
and appreciated.  Flames are laughed at and ignored.

Oh, before I forget

Starring the voice talents of (Extended Cast):
Cyraqs K'thardin - David Nolen (I can put myself in if I want to)
Hayes K'thardin - Peter Cullen
Y'mir K'thardin - Charlie Sheen
Drakhenn - James Earl Jones
Ryuken K'thardin - Keifer Sutherland
Tetran - Frank Welker
Abel - Leonard Nimoy
De'saad- Jack Angel
Malroth - Everett Denney
Admiral Godai - Kasey Casem
Minagi - Susan Blu
Asahi - Juliet Cesario
Raiden - Christopher Lambert
Odin - Patrick Stewart
G; Louis Cypher - Bruce Willis

Other voices done by cast as needed.
