I Dream of You


Okay.. I do not own these characters. The AIC and Pioneer dudes do so don't
sue my ass for stealing your damn characters or any shiz like that. Yeah,
and
this story has adult content so.. well, of course it does. It's a friggin'
lemon! -.o Well, enjoy the story.

I Dream of You

Soft, low moans could be heard in Ryouko's bedroom, followed by the rustling

of blankets moving over each other as the space pirate wiggled around on her

bed. Beads of sweat formed on her forhead and slowly ran down the sides of
her head as her breathing became heavy. Another soft moan escaped her lips
as
she arched her back a little, tilting her head back some and spreading her
legs a little wider as the pleasure built up inside of her, making her
breathe faster and her moaning louder.

"Tenchii.." she said to herself as she moaned softly. "Mmmm, Tenchi."

She ran her hand along her stomach and up to her chest, taking one of her
breasts into her hand and squeezing it.  "Teeenchiiiii...."

Hearing the name Tenchi, Aeka blinked a few times and pressed her ear up to
Ryouko's bedroom door, wondering if that's where his name was heard from.
The
crash of a lamp could be heard in the room then the sound of Ryouko
screaming
out Tenchi's name. At that, Aeka blew Ryouko's bedroom door open and stomped

into her room.

"How dare you f-" she was automatically cut off to see the sight of Ryouko,
lying naked in bed by herself. A sweatdrop formed on the side of her bed as
a
look of disgust appeared on her face. "How disgusting..." she whispered to
herself as Ryouko let go of her breast and ran her hand down to her crotch,
massaging it gently, moaning out Tenchi's name.

Aeka blinked a few times and started to feel a little... weird. The sight of

Ryouko pleasuring herself started to get her a little excited. She fidgeted
around a little and took a step closer to Ryouko who had started to finger
herself, sliding her finger in and out of her dripping self. Aeka quietly
cleared her throat as she stood next to her bed and continued to watch
Ryouko
finger herself, moaning and arching her back a little more.

Ryouko finally reached her climax and she screamed out Tenchi's name as she
came, getting her juices all over the sheets and her inner thigh. Aeka
blinked a few more times as she quietly crawled onto the bed, making sure
not
to wake Ryouko up. Ryouko brought her hands to her side and rested for a
little while as Aeka looked at her dripping cunt.

Hesitating at first, she leaned into Ryouko and began to lick her juices up,

going slowly at first then increasing the pace. At that, Ryouko started to
moan softly and Aeka stuck her tongue into her, licking and going deeper
each
time as Ryouko pushed herself into Aeka's face. Of course, Ryouko was still
asleep having her hentai fantasy dream about her and Tenchi. She had no idea

that Aeka was having a little fun with her.

Ryouko tilted her head back as she called out Tenchi's name again. Aeka
continued to lick her as she slipped out of her Kimono and all of her
undergarments. She ran her fingers up Ryouko's stomach and to her breast,
cupping one of them in her hand. She began to gently knead them, making
Ryouko moan louder. Ryouko again reached her climax and Aeka cleaned her
off,
licking every single drop of cum off of her.

She crawled onto Ryouko and gently ran her tongue along her lips then down
her neck and finally to one of her breast. Ryouko let out a small gasp as
her
breast perked up and Aeka let out a soft giggle. She brought it into her
mouth and began to suck on it, getting a few more soft moans out of Ryouko
as
she brought her hands up to Aeka's head and ran her fingers through her
hair.

As she did so, her sleeping self realized that it wasn't Tenchi and she
finally woke up, seeing Aeka gently sucking on one of her breasts. She
blinked in confusion and sat up, making Aeka stop what she was doing to look

up at her.

"A-Aeka?" Ryouko said, stuttering a bit.

Aeka brought her hand up to Ryouko's lips and smiled. Ryouko smiled slightly

back and blinked a few more times in confusion as Aeka went back to what she

was doing earlier. She ran her tongue all over her body and Ryouko, not
being
to help herself, moaned out in pleasure and ran her hands along Aeka's body.

As she laid back down on the bed, Aeka turned around and began to lick
Ryouko
again, bringing her pussy up to Ryouko's face and getting into a 69
position.
Ryouko brought her tongue up to her pussy and began licking her as she
brought her hands up to her hips and pulled her a little closer to her face,

driving her tongue in and out of her. Aeka did the same to Ryouko and the
both of them let out soft moans as they pleasured each other.

The both of them came and licked each other's juices up. Aeka looked at
Ryouko and brought her lips to hers, kissing her softly as Ryouko inserted
her tongue into Aeka's mouth, letting it explore every inch of her mouth.
Aeka let her tongue play with Ryouko's for a little while before she broke
the kiss. She gathered up all her clothing and quietly walked to her
bedroom,
leaving Ryouko alone in her bed, again blinking in confusion. That was one
hell of a night.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

~~~~

So how was the story? Good? Great? The best out-of-character Tenchi Muyo!
lemon ever? Hee hee, I hope so. Well, I just wants to thank mah husband,
James for all of his help. Arigatou gozaimasu. and to Rob, Brandon, and
Shane
for saying that my lemon kicked ass. This is my first lemon by the way... so

sorry if it's a little blah in some parts. Anyways, e-mail me and shiz. Tell

me how much you loved my lemon. ^^ Okay, I love you, buh bye now!

              ~Anna Lyn Padilla~


        [ JPLWA ]
                              =^-^=
