This is for mature readers only please. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!! All
characters in this story belong strictly to the creators of the Tenchi
series. This is in no way another series or episode to any of the Tenchi
series! I did not create any of these characters and I don’t any of
them.................SO DONT SUE ME!!!!

Important Note to Readers: Before you read this and all the rest of I
love Ayeka fics please watch Tenchi Forever so it makes sense don’t
flame the story came out with it like that I just have so many ideas.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

Tenchi obeyed her beckon as the blood drop fell to the floor. He walked
slowly to the beautiful figure that lay before him. She seemed like a
goddess to him and would do anything to keep her safe and to show her
all the love she rightly deserves. He slowly unbuttoned his shirt and
through it to the side, he unzipped his pants and did the same.

The first thing Ayeka noticed was the large bulge in Tenchi's boxers as
he through his pants to the side. This made her even more aroused and
she wanted him 10 times more. She couldn’t stand it anymore. She jumped
off the bed, grabbed Tenchi and through him against the wall.

"Let's do a little role playing." she said.

Tenchi looked kind of confused, and he was extremely aroused by her
sudden dominant behavior. He put his hands on her hips and started to
put small kisses on her neck, he wanted her so bad it hurt.

"OK" Tenchi said, "What do you want to do?"

"Hmm, Ayeka purred, let's see", “Let’s see how I should fuck my Tenchi.”

“Hmmmmmmm……O yeah I got one, let’s see, I am your young, sexy teacher
and you are the student that needs, uhhhh, “tutoring.”

“Ok” Tenchi stuttered.

“Tenchi let’s see how your doing…” Ayeka said. “WHAT NO WORK DONE!!” she
yelled, “THIS WON”T BE TOLERATED!!” she then took him, turned him around
and started to spank him, “Now Tenchi for being such a bad boy you have
to fuck me.” she said so calmly it unnerved him.

He then turned around and rammed his manhood into her love tunnel. She
moaned loudly as he slowly pulled himself in and out of her, quickening
his pace. She let out very loud moans.

“Uh……Tenchiiiiiiii………..Harder…mmm yeah right there” she wailed as she
came. “AGAIN!!!!” she screamed, she lowered herself onto him and bounced
Tenchi putting his hands on her hips to guide her, Tenchi and Ayeka
came. Both exhausted from there strenuous activities >: ) as they were
fucking for at least 30 minutes.

“Good boy.” Ayeka said to Tenchi as she ran her fingers through his
hair, “You get an A+” As they both slowly fell deep into sleep in each
others arms.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

          Many Days After That Wondrous Night

Tenchi slowly swept the steps of the shrine bringing in the intoxicating
smell, from the his surroundings. The air was getting slightly crisp as
dusk began to fall upon the Masaki household.

“I better stop daydreaming and get back to my chores” Tenchi thought
aloud.

He started to sweep faster, as he swept something caught his eye. It was
a Camilia tree. It was very beautiful and the Camilia’s were in full
bloom.

“This is strange I have never seen this before….” Tenchi thought.
“Hmmm….” Tenchi said.

He felt something drawing him to it and he didn’t know what, it just
seemed so, so he didn’t know but he couldn’t control it. He started
walking towards the tree slowly, the broom fell with a low thud, him
still approaching the tree. He couldn’t stop.

That’s when he heard the sweetest most angelic voice. Tenchiii….  Come
here…..Tenchiii shh just come here and I will make it all better….

Tenchi approached until he was touching the tree as he did this
everything slowly went black……

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

     The Masaki Household

“Tenchi!!! DINNER!!!!!!! Sasami yelled from the house for the fifth
time.
“Uhh, he isn’t coming, where could he be???” Sasami said to everyone at
the table.
“Don’t worry about Tenchi he will be fine.” Katsuhito said.
“Well Ayeka I heard you and Tenchi are thing?? Nobuyuki said with a big
goofy grin.
“So when are you gonna make me some grand kids huh, huh??? He said.
Ayeka blushed and said, “Your so silly father.”
“FATHER YOU HEAR THAT ACHIKA WE’RE GONNA HAVE GRANDCHILDREN!!!!” He
shouted at the sky. “Lemme go get my video camera” he said tears flowing
from his eyes.

Ayeka who was still blushing said, “I am going to look for Tenchi.” I
want to go see him anyway as she got up and walked out of the house.
Before she opened the door to leave she looked back and nodded to
Katsuhito as he nodded back.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Outside- The Steps

Ayeka slowly ascended the stairs. She walked up, she was wearing thin
clothing, and it was getting cold and she was shivering. Something
caught the corner of her eye. “What’s that?” she said aloud.

She walked over and saw that it was the broom Tenchi was using to clean
sweep the stairs. “Oh, no” she said.

“Tenchi…..TENCHIIIIIIIIII!!!!!!!! She walked up to a camilia tree in
full bloom and saw Tenchi’s shirt on the floor.

“No, no, no” she said. Tenchi where did you go. She sat on the floor
crying as she heard footsteps approach. “Tenchi” she said turning
around.

“No it is me.” Katsuhito said.

“Tenchi is…” “I know” Katsuhito responded.

“But -----”

Katsuhito cut her off by telling her to go back to the house.

He uttered one word from his lips, when he knew Ayeka was far away.

“Haruna” he said as he touched the old and beautiful tree.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hey like my fic part 4 should be coming out when I finish up a few
things and I am sorry this one is a little longer then my others but I
have midterms and shit to work on so catch me a break. I Love Ayeka part
4 should be out by the end of the moth along with Love for Another Part
2 and Kiyone Kidnapps Tenchi Part 2.

Questions comments any ahit like that e-mail me at:
lonly_possum@hotmail.com

-Bongert
