I Love Ayeka: Part 1

This is for mature readers only please. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!! All
characters in this story belong stricktly to the creators of the tenchi
series. This is in no way another series or episode to any of the tenchi
series! I did not create any of these charaters and I dont any of
them.................SO DONT SUE ME!!!!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

It was a normal morning, Washu fiddling with some gadjet that Tenchi really
couldn't recognize. Nobuyuki and Yosho eating and complementing Sasami's
cooking. The thing got Tenchi's attention was how strange Ayeka was acting,
Ryoko kept trying to antagonize her and get her into one of there fights but
Ayeka didn't seem to care. I wonder what could be wrong Tenchi thought,
maybe I should ask.

"Hey, Ayeka what's the matter you seem kinda depressed." Tenchi said.

"O, nothing Tenchi I am just a little tired and I think I have a cold."
Ayeka said.

"O I hop-, Tenchi was cut off by Ryoko, "Who cares about her Tenchi just
gimme a kiss come on Tenchi I'll be gentle she said with a big grin on her
face", as she grabbed Tenchi.

"Get off me Ryoko, your being really annoying" said Tenchi.

After breakfast Ayeka walked up the stairs to her room, she seemed really
depressed I wonder what's wrong Tenchi thought, I better get upstairs before
Ryoko sees me or I'll be mince meat.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                   Ayeka's Room

Ayeka crying her voice kind of shaky, "Why, why can't Ryoko just leave
Tenchi alone I hate her so much, I don't want to fight with her over Tenchi
anymore. "I love Tenchi so much and I just want to, want t-, she was cut off
my a knock at her door.

"Who is it?" Ayeka said trying to keep her voice not to sound so shaky.

"It's me." said Tenchi, "Can I come in Ayeka?"

"Yes Lord Tenchi come in." Ayeka said.

Tenchi walked in and shut the door. "Hey Ayeka." he saw the tears on her
face, "What's the matter?" he said sitting next to Ayeka.

"Nothing Lord Tenchi" she said. Tenchi leaned close turned her head towards
him and wiped the tears and said "Really Ayeka I know something is wrong
tell me."

She looked into his eyes and saw all the care and truthfulness in them, and
said, "It's Ryoko, she  keeps trying to make me angry and fight and I just
can;t do it anymore it doesn't seem right, it's not making you like either
of us anymore. She couldn't stand it anymore and she just dug her face into
Tenchi's shoulder and started to cry.

Tenchi lifted her head and looked into her eyes and realized how beautiful
she was. She moved close and kissed him passionately, she has such soft lips
Tenchi thought, god she's so perfect.

She pulled away, "Sorry Lord Tenchi, I didn't know what came ov--, she was
cut off my Tenchi embracing her and kissing her passionately, "It's okay" he
said, kissing her forehead.

"I love you Tenchi." Tenchi was suprised by what she said and looked into
her eyes and saw the raw passion in them he then said, " I love y--" he was
cut off by Ryoko barging into the room and screaming.

"WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING TO TENCHI YOU HUSSY!!!" screamed Ryoko.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Hey like it so far!!!!!! Exciting aye, well I am taking a break from the
Kionie kidnapps Tenchi series for awhile but don't worry that'll will get
done soon, I think Ayeka deserves to be loved right she gets ripped in
almost everyone of the fics I have read so far right.
Questions, comments or ideas e-mail me at pidgeondweeb@aol.com.
Bongert

Used to be Frankerz sry if it gets confusing ;)
