I Love Ayeka: Part 2


This is for mature readers only please. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!! All
characters in this story belong stricktly to the creators of the tenchi
series. This is in no way another series or episode to any of the tenchi
series! I did not create any of these charaters and I dont any of
them.................SO DONT SUE ME!!!!

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"THAT"S IT AYEKA YOUR DEAD!!!" screamed Ryoko, "you will never have Tenchi
he is mine all mine."

She started to form an energy ball in her hand when Tenchi came in front of
Ayeka and put his arms up, "No Ryoko if you kill her you will have to kill
me first, I won't let you hurt Ayeka, leave NOW!" Tenchi screamed.

Ryoko looked heart broken as the energy ball died out in her hand, tears
formed in her eyes and she ran out of the room crying. Tenchi turned and
Ayeka grabbed him and hugged him as tightly as she could, and said "I love
you Tenchi, more than you could ever imagine." Tenchi than said "Ayeka you
are everything to me I love you and always will he touched her chin and
guided her lips to his as they locked in a passionate kiss. Tenchi kicked
the door closed with his foot.

He lied Ayeka on the bed and started to kiss her neck, and whispered, "Are
you sure you are ready for this Ayeka?" Ayeka nodded, lust in her eyes. "His
lips were so soft she thought as he started to slip off her kimono.

He put there foreheads together as Tenchi slipped his shirt off. Ayeka
started to unbutton Tenchi's pants, she unbuttoned them and threw them to
the side. Tenchi slipped her kimono off and threw it to the side by his
pants. Ayeka was wearing black underwear, which was very light he quicly
unbuttoned her bra her perfectly round breasts falling out, he slipped her
panties off, and started to kiss down her chest. He massaged her right
breats while working the other with his tounge. He did this for a minute or
two and then switched.

He worked his way to her pelvis as he kissed each thigh. He then gently
worked his way to her vagina. Kissing it then putting his tounge in, he
licked everywhere Ayeka's moans telling him she liked it, she arched her
back and she came in his mouth, he swallowed it all. He then looked up and
went up and kissed her gently on her lips.

"Are you sure your ready for this Ayeka?" Tenchi said softly. She nodded
anticipating the burst of pleasure and pain she was going to feel. He
entered her slowly, a tear ran down her face as she felt her virginity get
stripped away, it was both pleasure and pain she couldn't stand it she let
out a loud yelp and then started to scream Tenchi's name.

"OHHHHHHHH, TENNNNCCCCCHHIIIIII!", she screamed, "YES YES she screamed as
they both came together.

Tenchi collapsed on top of her from exhaustion. "Uh, Tenchi can u get off of
me, your crushing me. Tenchi rolled over, Ayeka cuddled up against him and
fell asleep almost immedatly, Tenchi started to twirl her hair and slowly
drifted asleep........

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
            Five Hours Later

Ayeka awoke to Sasami knocking on the door saying, "Come on Ayeka it's
dinner time!!"
"Okay Sasami, be right down." she said sleepily. She looked up to see Tenchi
fast asleep, Good it wasn't a dream she thought. She crawled up Tenchi and
kissed him gently on the lips, his eyes slowly opened to Ayeka's beautiful,
caring eyes, "Come on Tenchi it's time for dinner" she said. "Already" he
said looking at the clock, wow he thought a lot of time has passed. They
both got up and got dressed quickly.

As they walked down the stairs togerther arm in arm they didn't see Ryoko,
well who they did see was Noboyuki. "YES MY SON IS FINALLY A MAN!!" he
yelled proudly. Ayeka and Tenchi both blushed. When they sat down for dinner
Ryoko wasn't there, naturally Ayeka sat down next to Tenchi, but it was more
or less a normal dinner. Kionie and Mehoshi were on a mission so they won't
find out until they come back in a week or two.

After dinner Tenchi grabbed Ayeka said com'n I wanna show you something, he
brought her to the cliff and she said anxiously "Com'n Tenchi tell me, tell
me, tell me!!" "Look" he said. She saw what he was pointing at, it was the
most beautiful sunset she ever saw. They both sat and watched it, Ayeka put
her head on Tenchi's shoulder, when it got dark they both walked in the
house together, Ayeka's head on Tenchi's shoulder.

They both walked in the house together and went up the steps. Tenchi said "I
will be right back lemme get some clothes to put in your room." "Ok" Ayeka
said.

Tenchi opened the door too see Ryoko sitting on his bed. She had tears in
her eyes "Why Tenchi, whi did you pick her Tenchi?" Ryoko said. "Love isn't
a choice" he said "If we could choose who we love it would be a lot easier,
but we can't and that's just how it is, I am sorry if I hurt, but I am
obviously not the man for you, you will meet someone I promise you." Tenchi
said. Ryoko shooke her head got up and fazed through the door.

He got all the clothes he needed and walked back to Ayeka's room. When he
walked in he saw Ayeka wearing the sexiest kimono, she had the most
irisitable perfume on, she motioned for Tenchi to come to the bed lustfully.

A drop of a blood came from Tenchi's nose as slowly walked to the
bed............

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hey like it so far, I am really trying my hardest to make some good fics.

Please e-mail me your questions, comments and ideas to pidgeondweeb@aol.com
