Writes by Queune nicolas " Darth Doom "! 

This is a lemon, so you have to be 18 years old or more to be able to read it 
because it contains scenes sexually explicit. Now, if you do not respect this 
warning, I am not responsible for it. I am French, I do not speak English, I 
use so a translation software which is as successful as possible, excuse I. I 
do not possess tenchi muyo or the characters, they are the property of pionner 
and of aic, I do not possess either the other characters in the case or 
someone would claim them, do not prosecute me because you would waste your 
time: I have no money to pay. This fanfiction happens in the series of oav, 
but the other persons as Yume and Nagi will appear. Kiyone ( the galactic 
policeman) will make his appearance at time and in hour. The chronology is not 
always respected. This is my first fanfic, so, a little of indulgence please. 
Send I your comments, and if my fic displeases you really, you are not obliged 
to read it. 


 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------ 
The inheritance of the former{*ancient*}.
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------ 

I introduced this scene in the place of " Family and politics".

II) Fantasizes and tart in apples.      


                                                                             
Who can say what is possible as so it did not begin and realized the 
impossible?
                                                                                                 
 Unknown.
                                                                                                                                                                                                            




Tetsuro had returned from the sanctuary, he entered the kitchen where Mihoshi 
waited for him patiently to begin the preparation of the tart in apples. After 
one half an hour, Mihoshi succeeded in threading the apron correctly.

Tetsuro: " Well, you go to make the tart Mihoshi yourselves, me I shall watch 
you, we shall begin again as often as necessities ".

Mihoshi: "Why"?

Tetsuro: " Because nothing replaces experience{*experiment*} ".

Mihoshi: " Well sir! I am going to prove you that I deserve the confidence 
that you me summits by making a success of the tart ".

Tetsuro: " Euh....Mihoshi. I am not your leader, I am only friend who want to 
help you ".

7 hours were needed to make a success of the tart, Tetsuro would have been 
able to die 10 times as when the rolling pin had escaped Mihoshi's hands and 
had was almost affected Tetsuro the face with the force of a ball of revolver, 
or when Mihoshi had was almost blown up the oven having manipulated the gas. 
Tetsuro had also to slide on the flour which Mihoshi had to knock down on the 
ground (about 4 packages). But after all, two friends had managed to obtain a 
satisfactory result. Tetsuro took out then the tart of the oven.

Tetsuro: " Here is the first part Mihoshi, this is for you because this is you 
who worked ".

Mihoshi: " Euh....I shall not have succeeded without you, then. Allow I of you 
to offer it. "

Tetsuro: "Thank you".

The tart had good taste, Tetsuro also was greedy, he knew how so to appreciate 
the efforts of Mihoshi in their just value. Although Tetsuro and Mihoshi was 
covered with flours, of egg, sugar and even mixtures still unknown in this 
world, their enjoyment was very real.

Nobuyuki had returned at him at about 12 o'clock, everybody was somewhere 
else, he had so gone directly to go to bed without eating, without looking 
even at one of his videos henta‹. In the alarm clock, in 18 o'clock he was 
starving, a good smell had woken him  and he went as a burglar to the kitchen, 
he had the impressionprinting to go into a battlefield. He seen his son and 
Mihoshi eating together a tart in apple. The enjoyment to see again Tetsuro 
was not even stopped by the catastrophic state of the room.

Nobuyuki: " Tetsuro?!?!! But when is kept silent brought in? " Tell Nobuyuki 
by squeezing very hardly his son in the arms .. and making dirty his pajamas 
with some flour and the egg which dripped with the apron of his son at the 
same opportunity.

Tetsuro: " This is funny .. Tenchi asked me for the same question, notices, I 
shall be surprised if you had not asked question. To answer you, I returned at 
home this morning, I also I am satisfied to see again you dad. " R‚pondit 
Tetsuro in the embrace of his father with a smile.

Nobuyuki loosen then his son and, realizing that the kitchen " had a little 
changed ", he demand of explanations:

Nobuyuki: " In the fact, why the kitchen is in this state? There was a war? "

Tetsuro answers by blushing with an awkward smile:

Tetsuro: " Oh nononono, simply Mihoshi and I made a tart in apple and as she 
made a cake shop for the first time.... she is little.... inexperienced ".

Nobuyuki: " Aaaaaaaah, obviously..... If it's Mihoshi who made the tart then I 
understands everything.... ".

By hearing this reflection, big tears arrive at Mihoshi's eyes, she had 
crossed half of the day to make the tart, she had made of sound better, 5 
times she had had to begin again to succeed, and nevertheless Nobuyuki did not 
see the result of his work, he saw only the errors that she had made but 
Tetsuro embraced her immediately and with a glance full of anger said to his 
father:

Tetsuro: " A little of respect dad! Mihoshi gave himself a lot of difficulty 
to be able to make this tart, she had to begin again 5 times. And you are 
going to eat a piece to notice that its efforts are not useless ". 

Tetsuro takes then a piece of the tart and give it at his father, who tastes 
then and puts off some steps under the influence of the surprise: he did not 
think that the tart would be good REELEMENT, he thought that it would be maybe 
edible because his son had to watch preparation. But.... No!!!! This tart was 
excellent and it had a taste..... familiar. Taste called back him the cakes 
which prepared Achika, her beloved wife. In this thought of tears rose to 
Nobuyuki's eyes who declared:

Nobuyuki: " Excuse me Mihoshi, this tart is the best food that I ate for a 
long time, even Sasami's kitchen seems to me flat if I make a comparison ".

By hearing it, Mihoshi stops crying and begins to smile then she asks:

Mihoshi: " This is the truth "?

Nobuyuki: " Yes! This simple piece of tart calls reminds me my wife, you very 
pleased me, I would be always grateful to you, thank you. "

Mihoshi was for the angels: it is the first time that the work made her proud 
of herself.

Nobuyuki looking how At Tetsuro squeezes Mihoshi in the arms goes away with a 
collusive smile for his son.

Nobuyuki: " Check I am not going to disturb you much longer, I have to go to 
speak to Tenchi. I leave you both, in later ".

Tetsuro wondered the meaning of the Machiavellian smile of his father. He had 
understood well of what Nobuyuki thought and it made him perplexed. He did not 
want to disappoint his father but....

Nobuyuki take out of the kitchen and go to the exit of the house. He was 
enchanted: in the first place, his son had returned, secondly, he had crossed 
a magic moment due to Mihoshi's tart (it is true that of little gifts as a 
cake can, sometimes, please incredibly ) and thirdly, one of his children 
seemed to begin a love relation, FINALLY!!! (Then there, the poor man jumps a 
little bit fast in conclusions, even though he is right in that case precise) 
If every weekend were as this one, then he would not regret to have had so 
many setbacks the last two days, it was worth there .

Mihoshi: " I am very satisfied!!!! You saw? Your father had sight so happy due 
to my tart! Said, Tetsuro you will help me to make other one of it isn't it? "

Tetsuro: " With pleasure, small fair angel "

Mihoshi had a movement of surprise by hearing Tetsuro: 

Mihoshi: " Small fair angel? "

Tetsuro: " Yes, they are the words of whom I think when I see you, for me, you 
are a " small fair angel ". May I call you so? " Tetsuro had the voice of a 
man who wonders if he did not say a stupidity.

Mihoshi could not contain any more her enjoyment:elle had made some good work, 
Nobuyuki and Tetsuro liked the taste of her tart and especially Tetsuro had 
enough affection in her respect to call him " small fair angel ". Under the 
happiness she fell on knees with a big smile.

Mihoshi: " Yes.... Ooooh YES!!! You can call me " small fair angel ", it is 
very pleasant. " Mihoshi with a smile shouted which rose to her until ears. 
(This girl is so an emotional person because in fact she knows Tetsuro only 
for this morning).

Tetsuro: "Thank you". He says with reassurance.

During time, Sasami had returned, it crossed Nobuyuki in an aisle.

Nobuyuki: " Hello Sasami, you saw Tetsuro? That think you of him "?

Sasami: " I think that he is very kind, I was surprised learning that Tenchi 
has an older brother but I am very satisfied ".

Nobuyuki: " I also I am satisfied that my son returned at home, furthermore he 
in the sight indeed to love Mihoshi, they made a tart for apples together, it 
is a good forerunner ".

Sasami had a shudder:

Sasami: " Mihoshi prepared of the food? "

Nobuyuki: "Yes"!

Sasami ran in a movement of panic by shouting:

Sasami: " MY KITCHEN "!

 Nobuyuki retained Sasami by the arm by saying to her that she did not have to 
worry, the kitchen was dirty but complete and that it was better to leave 
Tetsuro and Mihoshi alone for the moment.

Same evening, everybody enjoys Mihoshi's tart. And everybody remains 
surprised.

Sasami: " Any kindest regards Mihoshi, this tart is delicious ".

Washu: " Yes....I have to admit that I am amazed....I think that I am going to 
examine this tart....There is certainly a scientific explanation in this 
phenomenon. "

With this new remark Mihoshi get up in a state of pure fury:

Mihoshi " PHENOMENON??? WHICH PHENOMENON!?!? I gave myself difficulties to 
succeed, there is no scientific explanation, I am not as incompetent as you 
her think. And I you forbidden from now on to laugh you of me or my work ".
Mihoshi shouted to the scientist, who did not wait at all for this reaction.

Tetsuro: " You are right perfectly Mihoshi! Nobody has the right to criticize 
you to joke or by jealousy! In the fact, if I am informed well, Washu 
yourselves, although you are according to you her so-called " bigger scholar 
than knows this universe ", you are NOBODY cooks it (verify by looking at the 
special oav with Mihoshi if you do not believe me), you are incapable to cook 
a fish, then you are the last one to be able to criticize "!! Tetsuro says by 
getting up next to Mihoshi.

Washu becomes blush of embarrassment and lowers eyes:

Washu: " You are right. I ask you for forgiveness Mihoshi, I congratulate you 
and I thank you because finally, I am savoring the result of your work. ". 
Washu with a small voice says.

Mihoshi: " I accept your excuses ". 

Mihoshi calms down and evening ends well . Then comes the hour to sleep. 

Tetsuro: " Tenchi! There is a problem! Now, my chamber is occupied by the two 
princesses Ayeka and Sasami, where am I going to sleep? "

Tenchi: " We are going to sleep together for this night, we rŠglerons the 
problem of your chamber tomorrow ".

By hearing this, it is the landing of all the girls of the house, only Mihoshi 
and Sasami are not there:

Ryoko: " I know! Tenchi! Your brother sleep in my chamber and me I sleep with 
you OK? "

Ayeka " Do not say stupidities, monster! I have an idea! Tetsuro sleep with 
Sasami and me I sleep with Tenchi. As it, Tetsuro and Sasami shall be able to 
get acquainted (which pitiful excuse.) ".

Washu: " I have a better idea! I have several couchettes in my laboratory, 
Tetsuro can there sleep ".

Tetsuro: " I shall accept your proposition Washu if I had no doubt on your 
motivations. Regrettably, I have about twenty doubts .. so non-thank you. Now, 
I am in MY house so I decide on the place where I am going to sleep. Because 
sleep with my brother seem to attract  jealousy, I am going to sleep in the 
salon, on the sofa ".

Proposition eventually been accepted and Tetsuro puts to sleep on the sofa. 
Mihoshi sleeps of a shaken sleep, for the first time, she makes an erotic 
dream. In the dream she is bare, floating in a pink cloud, in the back, a 
dark, feminine shape, catches the breast and rustle in the ear:

???????: " I know you, it makes now for a long time that I  await you, I began 
to despair .. ". Say voice by massaging Mihoshi's bosoms.

Mihoshi: " Not....arrest I do not want. ".

???????: " This is useless to lie to me Mihoshi. I know perfectly that you 
want. However for the moment you were not conscious of it. But Tetsuro  helped 
you to take more assurance. Now, your sexual urges, I it occurrence, begin to 
release themselves ". 

Shape becomes clear and Mihoshi recognizes.... MIHOSHI????? (Let us call shape 
dark " Mihoshi 2 ").

Mihoshi: " But....But....But....".

Mihoshi 2: " There is not of " but " I am your desire, I know perfectly that 
you want to make love, you want that a man embraces you the powerful and t ' 
embrace with force and with tenderness, you want a trunk on which to sleep in 
security, you want to be wished, to be courted, which " one " drags in your 
feet, you want to share all your soul with a person in a moment of pure 
ecstasy and finally, even though it is secondary, you want " to fuck as a 
rabbit ", I know it. Mihoshi 2 kiss Mihoshi on the mouth and begin to caress 
her sex. 

Mihoshi does not resist for a long time, she begins to be really very incited 
to make love with herself. Mihoshi 2 breaks the kiss and begin to suck 
Mihoshi's nipples which begins moaning:

Mihoshi: " Ooooooh I feel bizarre....But I  loves this".

Mihoshi 2 comes down along Mihoshi's womb before arriving at the sex, using 
the 2 hands to massage Mihoshi's bosoms. Mihoshi 2 begin then to lick 
Mihoshi's sex.

Mihoshi: " I did not know that I was also perverse.... And lesbian besides ".

Mihoshi 2: " All the people and all the women have desires, there is no " 
perversion ", only instincts. The man or the woman who says that sex does not 
interest him is a liar, a patient, a desperate person or then it is not a 
human being. And you are not specially lesbian, in fact you want of the 
pleasure and you see only yourself to get you it, it is for it that you 
imagine me by train to caress. You think also of Tetsuro but you refuse to 
imagine him as a lover, if you admitted that he well pleases you, it is an 
image of him who shall be in my place ".

At the time of the orgasm, Mihoshi wakes up in sweat. 

Mihoshi: " Pfffff . Which exhausting dream but it was brilliant. It gave me 
famine, I go going to finish the tart in apples (how can one think of eating 
after an orgasm? ".

By coming down in the kitchen Mihoshi sees Tetsuro on the sofa. He is bare, 
the coverage fell on the ground, he seems to have shaken sleep.

Tetsuro (in the sleep): " Noooooooo .. It is not true . It is impossible. It 
is a good history for mangas. I lived in the reality. I am a human being as 
the others. Why I have to make it? Why I? ".

??????: " Accept the truth, even though this truth is improbable. However I do 
not want to force you, if you want to forget everything and to return in a 
normal life, you still can him, it is enough to say it, it is when you want ".

Tetsuro: " But if I refuse then I fool myself to myself? Why not to act 
yourself? If you are what you claim then you have the power of it! Why to 
serve you of me? "

??????: " Because I refuse to resort to the pure force, I was not created for 
it. Furthermore you are simply disorientated but in fact you have the chance 
to live a fabulous fate. You was not " chosen " you were created in this 
purpose but I give you a chance to take the another road than the one that I 
drew for you. Which is your decision? ". 

Tetsuro: " Yes you are right. J ' accept but I will need a time to be used. 
However you promise me that my brother will be saved? ".

??????: " You have my word. But agree: this is not your fate, this is your 
wish, made by your own will ".

Tetsuro: " Yes it is my choice, fate is not there for anything in my decision! 
"

??????: "Very well".

However in the reality, Mihoshi observed Tetsuro, she was a little 
hampered{*bothered*} but she could not refrain from looking at him{*it*}, she 
saw him{*it*} of back. Then she{*it*} realized that she and Tetsuro were bare 
unless two metres one of the other one. This morning still she{*it*} would 
have been hampered{*bothered*} but the dream put her{*it*} in another state of 
mind: she wanted a man. There was no love, only instincts and the desire for 
company. Then Mihoshi says himself:

Mihoshi: " But of what I think?! Tetsuro is a man well I have no right to 
think of him in this way: it is friend. ".

Mihoshi part in the kitchen and begin to eat the tart in apples, she sits in a 
corner, it did not light. She is lost in the thoughts:

Mihoshi: " Which day full of educations..... I feel me different, more mature. 
I see that Tenchi is not in love with me. I know now that I want small - 
friendly, I should maybe try with Tetsuro.... Yes I know him only for a day 
but I believe that I have some affections for him ".

Tetsuro in by transpiring:

Tetsuro: " Still this painful recollection....but I do not regret anything, I 
hope that my brother and the girls will be able to understand include me, even 
though what I have to make for this small girl is ignoble. Finally I am going 
to forget it with a piece of tart in apples ".                                  

Tetsuro goes to the kitchen (he is always bare) and lights. He hears a light 
groan behind him and recognizes Mihoshi on the point to roar:

Mihoshi: " Oh....ah....aaaaaaaH ".

Tetsuro throws himself then on Mihoshi and rests a finger on the mouth by 
saying to her:

Tetsuro: " The peace, we are both bare, if to roar you all the household is 
going to come down, you do not want that he sees us bare both is this step? "

Mihoshi calms down, but she cries (she is so sensitive). Tetsuro embraces her 
and at the end of 5 minutes she  begins to calm down. Tetsuro he makes a 
proposition:

Tetsuro: " I have an idea: let us be going to have a bath of midnight ".

Mihoshi: " Eh???? But why? I am already very embarrassed! "

Tetsuro: " I also I am embarrassed but if we go away now, then we shall be 
distant one of other during a little while and I do not want this. Then let us 
have a bath together, as it we shall accept better our nudity. "

Mihoshi: " It is a good idea, I agree "

Tetsuro and Mihoshi goes to the onsen. Tetsuro enters the bath the first:

Tetsuro: " Then Mihoshi? Go down. The water is very pleasant. "

Mihoshi: " But....it is the first time....that I is has a bath with a 
boy....and bare in more....I am very embarrassed. "

Tetsuro the water goes out and seized Mihoshi by the hand in the compelling in 
the onsen:

Tetsuro: " Of the peace, everything is well to happen. I shall be a true 
gentleman. Well let us speak about little. Speak I of your family ".

Mihoshi: " I have especially a mother, a brother and a grandfather. My mother 
is a very kind person who looks like me very physically, she is an 
archaeologist. My brother works in the galaxy police, I did not see him for 
two years and my grandfather is general in the galaxy police, it is for it 
that I can stay in the galaxy police ".

Tetsuro: " Except for your mother, you work all in the galaxy police. It is 
the profession which you want to make or it is because your family works there 
"?

Mihoshi: " I do not know. I studied archaeology as my mother because I wanted 
to investigate the space, to discover old ruins, it fascinated me. But when I 
finished my studies, I did not find work then my grandfather engaged to me in 
the galaxy police by waiting. "

Mihoshi mark then a break.

Mihoshi: " It goes back up to seven years now. "

Tetsuro: " You do not want to make any more of the archaeology now? "

Mihoshi gets up brutally outside the water:

Mihoshi: " Yes! But I waits to have enough money to go up my own expedition. 
Later I shall be famous and I shall be able to continue. "

Tetsuro: " You seem very definite. Can be one an archaeologist on Earth should 
have to become you. It would be, maybe , more simple. "

Mihoshi: " But I do not know anything about the history of the Earth! "

Tetsuro: " Me I am a historian, I shall learn you, and then I have relations 
who could help you. "

Mihoshi: " Thank you but I prefer to succeed quite only. "

Tetsuro had a smile.
                  
Tetsuro: " I am satisfied to see that you want to give evidence by yourselves 
small fair angel ".

Mihoshi begins blushing:

Mihoshi: " Thank you, it is the first time that I have the courage to say it 
to somebody. " Then Mihoshi begins blushing.

Mihoshi: " Tetsuro, I have a confession to be made you. I hope that you will 
be able to forgive for me. "

Tetsuro: " I listen you "

Mihoshi: " Everything at the hour, when I came down in the kitchen, I saw you 
bare and.... "

Tetsuro: " It you in hampered ? "

Mihoshi: " Not....but I was....excited.... "

Tetsuro does not seem embarrassed and declares:

Tetsuro: " Thank you....I am flattering ".

Mihoshi: " You are not angry? "

Tetsuro: " Not my small fair angel and then I also I have to make you a 
confession: this night when I lie I have you ....desired. " Tetsuro blushes 
and looks somewhere else when he says it.

Mihoshi was stunned: she did not know if she was to be happy either in anger. 
Then finally she declared in a big smile:

Mihoshi: " Oooooh, naughty boy. This is the first time that somebody makes me 
a confession also perverse and nevertheless so charming. "

Mihoshi takes then Tetsuro in the arms who has no force to resist.

After three minutes to snuggle up to the powerful trunk she asks:

Mihoshi: " Tetsuro....I believe that....I am in love with you. You want indeed 
to become my .. small - friendly? " Mihoshi had all the punishments of the 
world to be pronounced the last word. 

Tetsuro was paralyzed, he liked very much Mihoshi but all this was too fast 
and then there was this hideous thing{*matter*} which he should make. Finally 
he had the right to love his small fair angel? She{*it*} could forgive 
him{*her*}? To understand{*include*} him{*it*}? Finally it{*he*} stopped with 
a big smile:

Tetsuro: " Yes! With pleasure. But let us not go too fast . I invite you day 
after tomorrow to the park of attraction. "

Mihoshi could not be happier. She kissed Tetsuro on the cheek and he said:

Mihoshi: " Then I shall prepare you a tart for apples and a basket meal. I 
know that I can make him now. "

Tetsuro: " Thank you my small fair angel "

After three hours of discussion, two friends return in their bed, but Tetsuro 
and Mihoshi does not find sleep, Mihoshi is submerged by the excitement and 
the pure enjoyment of resources to find small - friendly so charming and 
Tetsuro is in the grip of doubts and of fault because Mihoshi is the most 
magnificent woman that he knows, he would probably like to live with her, but 
is it compatible with his mission? Because after all, to arrest Tsunami even 
if it is necessary, it remains a treason.







Continuation in the third part: " Family and politics ". Send I your comments 
to the following adress: 

 www.yiukiu@aol.com 

