Legal Crap: Ok listen up I have no money,valuables, stock, or any other
thing of value its useless to sue me I don't own any tenchi characters so
leave me alone...enjoy.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>


    (And now the long awaited sequal to "Incredible Night" which so many
                 freaking people have been hounding me for.)


                             "Incredible Night"
                                The Question

                                     by

                                Krackhead420


(Where we left our young lovers)

Ayeka ran out of the room like a bitch and Tenchi was about to ask Ryoko
"something".

"What do you want to ask me Tenchi?" Ryoko asks gazing hopingly into
Tenchi's eyes.

"Well....Ryoko I need to ask you a question but not here."

"Then where?"

"Meet me on the roof at midnight and I will ask you my question."

"Ok...Tenchi I will be there."

Ryoko reaches over and gives Tenchi's ear a little lick and dissappears.

"Oh god she knows just how to get me hard." says Tenchi with an erection
poking through his boxers.

"Crap..better go back to my room."  (And no he ain't gonna jack off!)

Back in Tenchi's Room

Tenchi laid on the bed staring at the ceiling he looked over at the dresser
beside his bed and reached into a drawer and pulled out a little black box,
he opens it to reveal a little ring with 3 violet stones imbedded into it.

"God.....I hope she says yes." Tenchi does a silent little prayer and places
the ring back into the drawer and heads to take a shower.

Meanwhile in the women's bath Ryoko, Sasami, and Washu and taking a bath
together.

"I wonder what Tenchi is going to ask me? Ryoko thinks to herself.

"Well, who knows he might ask you to marry him."

Ryoko suddenly freezes at the thought that Tenchi might actually love her
and would want her to be his wife. Tears started to flow from Ryoko's eyes.

"Ryoko why are you crying?" Sasami asked inquisitively.

"I thought you liked Tenchi."

"Oh, Sasami those are tears of joy." Washu says patting Sasami on the head.

Ryoko lost in thought ignored them.

"What...what if did ask me to marry him?" Ryoko thought to herself while
imagining what their children would look like.

Back in Tenchi's room

Tenchi just finished drying off after his shower and rumaged in his dresser
for something to wear he finds the Tenchi-ken looking into the hilt sees
Ryokos gems.

"Oh....man since the battle with Kagato I guess I forgot about the
gems...wait i've got it that would be the perfect present to show Ryoko that
I trust her."

Tenchi looks at the clock and realizes he is late for practice with Yosho,
he gets dressed quickly and grabs his bokken and runs for the shrine.

He arrives at the shrine only to find Yosho is gone.

"Crap he must had gotten pissed and left..well looks i'm in for extra
chor...WHHHAAAMM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Out of nowhere Yosho pounces down with his bokken knocking Tenchi down and
almost out cold.

"Ahhhhh...Grandpa why did you do that!"

"You are getting lazy Tenchi you used to be able to block such an easy
shot."

"Well I have stuff on my mind right now."

"Like what?"

"Well...Grandpa can I talk to you?"

"You know you can tell me anything Tenchi."

"Well Grandpa I have decided to ask Ryoko to marry me."

"But there are somethings that I am worried about."

"How Ayeka will take this....Correct."

"Yeah that's my main concern, how do I let her down?"

"Well in all my years I have learned one thing about women......you can't
lead them on."

"Thanks Grandpa."

"Your welcome and take the day off to sort throught all of this."

Tenchi  nodded and headed for the house.

When he arrived at the house he saw Ayeka sitting there on the porch with
Sasami.

"Ohayo Lord Tenchi." Ayeka greeted.

"God I wish she wouldn't call me that I am not a prince." Tenchi thought as
he greeted Ayeka and Sasami.

"So where are you off to?" Inquired Ayeka.

"Oh just gonna take a shower and then get ready for dinner."

Tenchi bowed to the two princesses and left.

Sasami giggled about what Washu had said about Ryoko and Tenchi.

"What are you laughing about?"

"OH...uh me nothing, I gotta go start dinner."

Back at the House

Tenchi takes out the little box and admires the ring once more.

"God....please let her say yes!"

He places the ring into his pocket and heads downstairs to dinner.

The evening goes fairly uneventful Ayeka is behaving and Washu is acutally
eating with the family.

"Where is Ryoko?" Tenchi inquires.

"Oh she said she would be down a little late to dinner she had something she
needed to take care of." says Washu.

"Oh...and miss Ayeka may I talk to you after dinner?"

"Sure Lord Tenchi."

Tenchi gets up to clear his plate but trips over Ryo-oki and falls down and
the little black box falls out of his pocket.

Ayeka picks up the box curious and opens and sees that it is the Jurian
Royal Family Ring, passed down Generation to Generation.

"Oh...lord Tenchi that is what you wanted to ask me well my answer is
yes,yes,YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Ayeka throws hers arms around Tenchi just as Ryoko enters the room dressed
in a beautiful komono and a ribbon in her hair.

"Hey what's going on here?"

"Lord Tenchi has asked me to marry him!"

"you...you....asked her.."

Tears swell up in Ryoko's eyes.

"how...how...could you?"

With that Ryoko vanished out of the room.

"Ryoko wait!!!"

"Oh forget about her you're mine now."

"Ayeka you don't understand I didn't want to ask you to marry me I wanted to
tell you that I wanted to marry Ryoko...I'm sorry if you got confused."

"But...but..this is Jurai Royal Family Ring it must go on a jurian bride!"

"My father gave it to me, it was my mothers and he told me to give it to my
true love."

"I'm sorry Ayeka."

And with that he ran outside to look for Ryoko.

Ayeka just stood there in disbelief and broke down crying, Sasami came over
to comfort her and she cried on Sasami's shoulder.

Meanwhile.....

Tenchi ran around looking for Ryoko, he ran to the shrine but to no avail
the out of the corner of his eye he caught a glimpse of her standing on a
rock overlooking the lake.

Ryoko stood there thinking of all the happiness they could have had and the
children they would have had.

"he doesn't love me.....how could he love a demon...."

With that she materialized an energy dagger and drew it high into the
air and came down with a swift motion.

"NNNNNNOOOO!!!!!!!!" Tenchi screamed and sprinted for Ryoko.

Tenchi ran as fast as he could to her side and picked her limp body into his
arms.

"Why...WHy..Ryoko..."

"tenchi...." said a struggling Ryoko.

"Please Ryoko don't die on me!!"

".....be happy with your knew bride..."

"No, Ryoko I want you was my bride you, it's always been you."
"you..you mean you love me."

"Ryoko..I love you more that life itself."

"...I never thought I would hear those words."

"RYOKO!!!!!" Washu came running up.

"What happened!"

"She stabbed herself because of my stupid mistake."

"Quick bring her to my lab!"

Tenchi picks Ryoko up into his arms.

"Ryoko I love you too much, don't worry Ryoko I won't let you
die.........................................................

************************************************************

So how did you like my sequal to "Incredible Night" I know what you are all
thinking "where's the porn" just wait until the continuance and as always
give me feedback ok and thanks for reading!!!!!

Peaceout

Krackhead420
