__________________________Special Note_______________________________

If you are looking for my Fan fic sequel "Wedding Day" then you will have to
wait a while I'm thinking about not doing it since Sakuya is really just a
shadow of Ugi so if you really want me to write one just email me.
____________________________________________________________________

                             "Incredible Night"

Setting: Ryoko is out side on the roof of the Masaki household starring at
the stars, Ryoko feeling cold not from the night air but she has always felt
cold inside like something was missing. She had felt this way since she
could remember.

Then Ryoko thinks that she will take up her favorite hobby, Watching Tenchi!
She phases through the roof and throught the ceiling of Tenchi's room. She
plops down in a chair and just watches Tenchi sleep, she could sit her for
hours and never regret a moment. Ryoko just wishes for once she could be
with Tenchi, just to be with him and feel his warmth.

Ryoko starts thinking, "Maybe, I can phase under his blanket without him
noticing me." Ryoko vanishes from the chair and reappears in Tenchi's bed.
He moves a little but doesn't wake up, "Well, now to get rid of these
clothes." Ryoko phases her clothes off and they land in a pile on the floor.
"mmm....Ryoko." Ryoko turns around thinking she has been caught but its just
Tenchi dreaming.....and about her!!?! "Ry..o..k..o  I..I..Love..y..o..u."
Ryoko's eyes tear with joy at the sound of this.

Ryoko can't take it anymore she takes her hand and slips it under Tenchi's
shirt and rubs his warm chest and leans over and kisses tenchi. Her soft
lips pressed against his. She closes her eyes and hopes this moment will
never end. "RYOKO, what do you think you're doing?" "Tenchi
I....I....uuhh.." "Just leave, Ryoko." Ryoko starts to cry and the hurt look
on her face almost kills Tenchi.

Ryoko gets out of bed and runs out of Tenchi's room. "No, Ryoko wait!" But
it was too late Ryoko was already gone. "Dammit why can't I tell her how I
feel about her!" "uuuhhhh...and I was dreaming about her again."

Ryoko runs down the hall and crashes into Washu (excuse me, Little
Washuuu!!) "What's your hurry Ryoko?" "Ryoko, are you crying?" "Just mind
your own business", snaps Ryoko. "Is that anyway to talk to your mother?"
"uuuhh... I'm sorry." "Well, you appologized something must be wrong." "Come
on and take a bath with me in the Onsen."

"Sure, why not."

Ryoko and "Little Washuuu!!" are in the Onsen relaxing in the warm
water. "Well Ryok are you going to tell me whats wrong or am I going to have
to extract it with my latest invention?"

"It's Tenchi, I just want him to love me the way I love him." "Well, there
is a machine I am...." "NO!!!!" "No, I want him to fall in love with me,
not by force!" "Ok, ok, well if he doesn't want you then you should force
yourself on him." "Maybe, your right." "I am always right after all I am
"Little Washuu the greatest genius in the Universe!!!!"

Ryoko gets out of the Onsen and gets dressed and after some thinking in her
secret spot on the roof she decides what she is going to do.

Ryoko phases through to Tenchi's room and lands beside Tenchi's bed.
"Tenchi, I've watched you from the day you were born and I have been in love
since that day your mother brought you to the shrine." "Then you freed me
from that prison of 700 years." Ryoko leans over and kisses Tenchi on the
forehead.

 "Ryoko?"

"Tenchi, don't say a word I just want to tell you that I'm leaving and that
I realize that you will never love me the way I love you." Ryoko turns away
from Tenchi and starts toward the door but to Ryoko's suprise Tenchi grabs
her arm.

Tenchi turns Ryoko around and pulls her on top of him. Ryoko and Tenchi gaze
into each others eyes. The two embrace in a long passionate kiss, their
tongues intertwine and explore each others mouths. What is in reality only a
few seconds seems like an eternity to both of them. "Ryoko, I have wanted to
express my feelings to you for a long time but I didn't know how to tell you
that I Love You  Ryoko's eyes fill with tears of joy. "Tenchi, I have been
waiting for you to say those words to me for years." "Tenchi, I want you to
make love to me."

"But, there is something I must tell you." "What is it?" "Well, all the
talking I do is fake I am still a virgin I have been saving myself for a
person just like you."

Tenchi in a state of shock pulls himself together. "Well, there is something
I should tell you then, it will be my first time too."

Ryoko lays her head down on Tenchi's chest and closes her eyes. "Tenchi
promise me something." "What's that?"

"Promise me that you will always love me." "Ryoko, there is not a way I
couldn't love you."

Ryoko takes her soft lips and kisses down Tenchi's chest, slowly licking his
stomach. Ryoko sees Tenchi's increasing size and decides to relieve him of
some of the pressure. She removes his pants and she gasps, she had gotten
looks at it before but not close up.

"Tenchi, your so big."

Before Tenchi can say anything he feels Ryoko's warm lips engulf his head
and her tongue licking his shaft. Tenchi wonders what he did to deserve
this. Ryoko makes swallowing motions at the back of her throat making
Tenchi's head twitch.

After a few minutes Tenchi is about to release into Ryoko's mouth and he
tries to utter out a word of warning but it is too late he explodes
releasing a load into his love's mouth.

Ryoko surprised by this just swallows all of Tenchi's cum she then lays her
head back down on Tenchi's body and smiles. "Ryoko, i'm sorry I couldn't
talk." "Don't worry Tenchi, I like the way you taste", Ryoko says with a
little smile.

Tenchi switches positions and puts his head between Ryoko's legs, he takes
his tongue and circles Ryoko's nether lips, he can smell  her sweet scent.
He starts to lick the inside of her sex, Ryoko arches her back in pleasure
and moans Tench's name. Then he slides his tongue as far as he can put it
and finds her clit and starts to flick it with his tongue. Ryoko screams in
extasy and this pushes her over the edge and she cums all over Tenchi's
face.

Tenchi licks all of Ryoko's juices from his face and her.

"Kind of tastes like honey", Tenchi says jokingly. Tenchi nestles his head
between Ryoko's soft breasts, he looks up at Ryoko. "Tenchi, I want you in
me now." Tenchi nods and Ryoko gets on top of him. "This will hurt won't
it." "Yes, but not for long and then they're will be nothing but pleasure."

"Are you ready."

Ryoko nods and slides down with all her weight. Ryoko winches with pain and
tears start to come from Ryoko's eyes. She can feel her insides tearing
apart. Tenchi stops and brings Ryoko's face down to his and kisses her tears
away. Ryoko nods and they continue, they soon find a rhythm and all of the
pain she felt soon melted away.

Ryoko's muscles latch on to Tenchi's dick and this causes Tenchi to go
harder just to fit into Ryoko. Tenchi goes deep inside of Ryoko and hits the
one spot few lucky women have touched, this sends Ryoko over the edge and
her muscles contract  hard and she goes off. This makes Tenchi cum with her.

They both lay there motionless except for their chests rising and falling,
they're bodies becoming one. They don't even notice that Ryo-Oki is sitting
in the window with a weird look on his face.

"Oh, Ryo-Oki you wondering what we were doing." They both let out a little
laugh. Ryo-Oki climbs into bed with them and crawls under the covers with
them. "Ryoko will you be nice to Aieka until I tell her about us." "Oh all
right."Tenchi leans down and kisses Ryoko on the forehead. "Thank you my
love."  She falls asleep on his chest and he drifts off to sleep thinking of
how to break the new to Aieka...................

________________________The Next Morning_____________________________

Ryoko wakes up and sees that Tenchi is no where near getting up and decides
to let him sleep. Ryoko realizing she is still naked she grabs one of
Tenchi's T-shirts,"God I love the way he smells." Then she wanders down
stairs still exhausted from last night's "workout" to get some coffee for
her and Tenchi.

She stands they're waiting for the coffee to get down then out of nowhere
comes a bitch little voice so she knew it was Aieka.

"Why are you wearing lord Tenchi's shirt?!"

"UH.....This isn't my Tenchi's shirt it's uh....mine."
"Lying She Devil it has his name on it, have you been stealing from
Tenchi?!!"

"NO, as a matter of fact I............(crap I promised Tenchi I wouldn't
tell her)...I...uh..never mind."

"YOU HAD BETTER TELL ME OR I WILL BEAT IT OUT OF YOU."

"Leave her alone Aieka", Tenchi says coming down the stairs being woken up
from Aieka's bitching.

"Lord Tenchi, I am sorry for waking you up but this vile demon stole your
shirt."

"No I didn't I was naked after last night so I put it..............(OH
SHIT)!!!!!!!

"SHE WHAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" "Lord Tenchi I know you didn't sleep with this,
this, common whore!!!!!"

"Aieka she is not a whore and I love her!"

Tears start to swell up in Aieka's eyes.

"You, you love her?" "How can you say that, I am the one with Royal Blood
you should fall in love with me!"

"Aieka love is not about Royal Blood, I love Ryoko because she loves me and
that is all that matters."

Aieka runs upstairs and slams the door.

"Well the cats out of the bag", Ryoko says rubbing her head on Tenchi's
chest.

"Ryoko they're is something I want to ask you."

"What is it Tenchi?"
.................................................
Well how did you like my Fan fic just email me and give feedback about
anything you would want to see. Just remember I don't do Aieka and Tenchi
fan fics that ain't right anybody else ok. Oh and for those of you who like
my Sakuya fics sorry but I am giving it up but if you really want me to
finish the last one I wrote which is about half done then email me!!

Peace out


Krackhead420
