Observation: Due to all the email about my last fan fic I have put lemon
content in this one so don't email and gripe about it!! I got 94 email about
it not having any porn!!!

Legal Crap: I don't own Tenchi, Ryoko, Sasami or any other characters,
Pioneer does now don't sue!!!!!
*******************************************************************************


                             "Incredible Night"
                                    Life

                                     by

                                Krackhead420

Washu's Lab:

    Tenchi has carried Ryoko into Washu's lab and Washu is working
frantically to heal Ryoko. As hours pass Washu finally stabalizes Ryoko's
condition.  ( I know Ryoko can heal herself but its important to the story)

"Tenchi what caused her to do this?" Washu asked concerned.

"me......"Tenchi said ashamed.

"What do you mean?!"

"She did this because of me......SHE DID THIS BECAUSE OF ME!!!!!!!"

Tenchi screams and slams his fist into the wall.

"she did this because of me...."

Tears fall from Tenchi's eyes and he falls down to the floor with his head
buried in his hands.

"What makes you think she did this because of you?"

"Because she saw me proposing to Aeka."

"YOU WHAT!!!!!" Washu shouted.

"No, the proposal was meant for Ryoko not Aeka."

"Thank god I was gonna kill you if you married that little priss!"

"I...I love you daughter...I want her as my wife."

"Tenchi it warms my heart to hear that, now Ryoko can finally be happy."

"Is she going to be ok?"

"Only time will tell, she is in a coma right now and it could be days,
weeks, months, or even years before she will come out of it."

Tenchi sighed and stood up.

"Well Tenchi lets go get something to eat maybe that will clear you mind."

"You can go but I want to stay here with Ryoko."

"Ok Tenchi but you call me if you need anything."

Washu patted Tenchi on the back, bowed and exited, Tenchi then turned and
went to the surgical table where Ryoko had been placed. Tenchi looked over
her body and then to the place to where she had stabbed herself. An ugly
scar was all that remained of the wound, something that seemed out of place
on such a beautiful creature.

"Ryoko why did you do this....why didn't I propose to you earlier?"

Tears flowed from his eyes and he laid his hand upon Ryoko's.

"Ryoko please pull through...I can't live without you."

Tenchi sat there praying to anyone who would listen and stayed by Ryoko's
side all of that night into early morning when Washu had came to check on
Ryoko she saw Tenchi there holding Ryoko's hand. She could tell he was
extremely tired and fatigued.

"Tenchi why don't you go get some sleep and i'll take care of Ryoko?"

"No, I am ok?"

Washu gave him a little look.

"Really I am fine I just want to stay with her...please?"

"ok but if you get tired there is a bed over there"

"Thank you Washu."

Washu left to attend to her daily work.

"Please Ryoko just make it......"

Weeks passed by and Tenchi stayed by Ryoko's side, he hadn't left out of the
lab in 3 weeks and he was exhausted but he endured the pain for Ryoko. She
had always been there for him, anytime he had been in trouble or captured
she came to his aid but now in her hour of need he was helpless.

"why....why....why did I let this happen to you...why must I always leT
SOMEONE DOWN!!!"

"No more, I love you Ryoko."

As Tenchi gazed upon Ryoko's face he leaned forward and kissed the lifeless
body of Ryoko even though he expected no return. Tenchi's eyes widened as he
felt Ryoko's tongue move inside his mouth. Tenchi released from the kiss and
looked to see Ryoko looking at him with tears in her eyes.

"Ryoko, your awake!"
"Tenchi...you love me?"

"Yes, Ryoko I love you with all of heart and soul."

"Then why did you propose to Aeka?" Ryoko said with new tears flowing from
her eyes.

"The proposal was meant for you, not Aeka."

"You....you mean you want me to be your wife?" Ryoko said with hope in her
voice.

"Yes more that anything I can't live without you."

Ryoko reached up behind Tenchi's neck and pulled his head to hers and they
embraced in a long, passionate kiss. When they broke from the kiss knealt
down  and produced a small ring from his pocket.

"Ryoko...I love you...and I will always love you."

"Will you marry me."

Ryoko tried to speak but could only kiss Tenchi as a response.

Tenchi took Ryoko's hand and slid the ring on her slender finger.

Ryoko looked into Tenchi's eyes......his warm gentle eyes just staring back
at her with a look only two people in love could have for each other.
Ryoko leaned forward and pressed her soft lips against Tenchi's and slid her
tongue into his mouth as he did in turn. She pushed Tenchi onto his
back pushing up his shirt to reveal his muscular chest which she rubbed and
placed little kisses going down his body. Then Ryoko came to the rim of his
pants where a buldge in his pants was already forming. She grabbed the rim
of his pants and slid them down to reveal that he wore no boxers.

Ryoko looked up with a little surprise.

"Uhh...dad told me that women like that."

"Well he's got the right idea "easy access"

Ryoko slightly giggled and went back to her work. She kissed the head of
Tenchi's cock then she slid as much of Tenchi into her mouth as she could
then pulled back out slowly. Tenchi gasped at this action, Ryoko noticing
this started to suck harder and make twitching motions in the back of her
throat. After a few minutes Tenchi started to feel himself cum but by this
time he couldn't say anything because the dryness of his throat. Tenchi
spasmed and released his load into Ryoko's mouth but she just sucked
Tenchi's load in and licked his shaft clean.

"s...s..sorry...Ryoko..I couldn't talk."

"It's ok Tenchi I like the way you taste....Hey whats with the smile."

"My turn." Tenchi said with a little evil grin.

Tenchi pushed Ryoko on to her back and engulfed one of her pink nipples into
his mouth and sucked vigorously. Ryoko moaned at this action, Tenchi sucked
harder and switched to the other breast and took as much of her beautiful
breast as he could. Then Tenchi went down between Ryoko's legs and
licked her lips gently massaging them, teasing her. Ryoko couldn't take this
much more and grabbed Tenchi's head pushing him into her. Tenchi started to
lick her inner walls which were becoming wet to the touch. Tenchi then
found her little love button and started to flick in violently.
Ryoko orgasmed and collapsed back onto to surgical table.

"god your good..." Ryoko said trying to catch her breath.

Tenchi just looked into Ryoko's golden eyes....the eyes he could spend an
eternity looking into.

"Tenchi?"

"Yes, Ryoko."

"I need you in me now."

Instead of a verbal answer Tenchi got off the table and picked Ryoko up into
his arms.

"Where are w...." Ryoko was silenced by Tenchi's finger.

"Not here...let's go to my room."

Ryoko nodded and rested her head on his chest as he carried her up the
stairs, just taking in his presence. When they reached the top of the stairs
Tenchi could have sworn he heard something downstairs but dismissed it as
nothing.

(Little did he know Nobyuki was behind a plant with a video camera weeping
tears of joy. )

Atta boy Tenchi make me some Grandkids, you hear that Achika our Tenchi has
finally become a man.

Back in Tenchi's Room

Tenchi walked in with Ryoko in his arms and placed her softly on his bed.
Tenchi stood there for a second gazing upon her beauty, long enough for
Ryoko to notice.

"Why the hesitation...I won't bite....much."

"Your just so beautiful."

Ryoko got up off the bed and wrapped her arms around Tenchi's neck, the two
meeting in a kiss. Then "little tenchi" decided to make an appearance.

"Well look he want's to play."

Ryoko giggled and pulled Tenchi and pushed him on the bed, straddling him.
She then lowered herself onto his shaft and both partners moaned in passion
and pleasure. Tenchi put his hands on Ryoko's hips and started to pump into
her. Ryoko rocked back and forth with Tenchi and her vaginal muscles started
to contract with orgasm after about 10 minutes and then Tenchi started to
pump harder and came with Ryoko. The two lovers collapsed onto his bed
exhausted from their "exertions".

"I love you Ryoko..."

"Tenchi......." That was all Ryoko could say and then rested her head upon
his chest.

Tenchi wrapped his arm around her and found something he knew was there but
didn't want to think about.

"Tenchi whats wrong?" Asked a worried Ryoko.

"This." Tenchi pointed to the scar that had not yet healed from where Ryoko
had stabbed herself.

"Because of me you almost died today." Tears came to Tenchi's eyes.

Ryoko caught off guard by this, she had never seed Tenchi cry before.

"Tenchi it is not your fault, I made a stupid decision."

"But how can I ever make up for such a big mistake."

"Tenchi...if you want to make up for it there is one thing."

"Anything."

"Promise you will never leave me."

Tenchi took Ryoko into his arms and laid down and held her tight. That was
his answer, then two drifted off to sleep in each other's
arms........................................

****************************************************************************

So that is the 3rd installment of the "Incredible Night" series email me on
feedback.

Peaceout

Krackhead420
