Hey!  This is a parody.  I really don't see this EVER happening, and if 
you ever DO see it, please send me some of whatever you're on, Nani? J/K 
;p  Drugs are for dummies.  Now hentai, on the other hand...  Anyhoo, I 
don't own these chars, O.K.?  BUT, the story IS mine...  You can do what 
you want with it EXCEPT claim it as yours.  If you do that, I'll get 
Ryoko & Ayeka to @Mallet you into nothingness.  That out of the way, 
Let's begin...

	Preface:
	Ryoko & Ayeka stood there, tied to one another against the pole.  As 
the evil aliens stood around laughing with even more henious grins on 
their faces...  "Oh, will no one help us?" Ayeka screamed piously into 
the air.  "Why did Tenchi & the others have to leave us all alone?  Now 
we're at the mercy of these alien soldiers..."  (Begin Rambo theme song)

	Suddenly, from the water emerges a dripping Ryo-Oh-Ki.  Around her 
forhead is a red bandanna, & she is dressed in mini-fatigues.  Also, she 
is holding the mother of all Machine guns.  As the soldiers turn to her, 
she fills them full of holes.  Running on her hind legs, she reaches the 
captive women & cleaves the ropes with a giant Machete.  "Ryo-Oh-Ki!"  
Ryoko exclaimed as both the women moved to hug the cabbit.  But She held 
them at bay with an outstretched paw.  "Wha... What is it?" Ayeka asked 
bewilderedly.  The Cabbit then let out a wild roar that sent shivers 
down their spine.  "Sh-sh-she said that's no longer her name..." Ryoko 
began slowly, still in shock.  "Then what is it?" Ayeka demanded.  
"Kawaibo." was Ryoko's curt reply.

	KAWAIBO!: Cute Has Learned to Kill...
	By Steven Garrett
	E-Mail: sfe_otaku@hotmail.com
	(End credits.  Fade back into story)
	
	Kawaibo gazed up at the clouds as she left the two bewildered women.  
She had more things to worry about.  Actually, there was really one 
thing on her mind.  Her little Sasami was in trouble, and she was the 
only one who could help her.  As the rain began to slowly beat down, 
Kawaibo thought back to when this had all started...

	It had been a beautiful day.  The sun was shining, the birds were 
singing, & Ayeka & Ryoko were actually getting along, which was a 
miracle in itself!  Sasami & ^CRyo-Oh-Ki were happily playing in a clover 
field, enjoying the warm sun & the freedom that, unknowing to them, 
would soon be stripped away...  The cabbit was the first to notice the 
felling of icy blackness that began to surround them, but by then it was 
too late.  The glade was quickly filled with several armed soldiers 
before the four females could even react.

	Only by hiding under a fallen branch was Ryo-Oh-Ki able to escape 
detection.  As the three remaining women huddled together, a tall 
general broke thru the crowd & glared at them.  "This one," he began, 
pointing to Sasami.  "This is the one the master requires.  Take her 
abord the ship.  The others, well...  I think you men deserve a treat.  
Have fun, boys..." And with that, Sasami was seperated from the other 
two women & dragged off in one direction as Ryoko & Ayeka were dragged 
in another.

	After everyone had all left, Ryo-Oh-Ki quickly followed in pursuit of 
her master.  On the way, she saw one of the soldiers relieving himself 
behind a bush.  "Heh-heh...  I can't wait untill dark..." he began with 
a lusty tone in his voice.  "That's when we're all going to gang rape 
those bitches...  I fell sorry for that little one, though...  Compared 
to what the master's going to do to her, these girls are getting off 
lucky!  Bwa-ha-ha-ha!  I think I'll start with the quiet one...  I'll 
make her scream for days by the time I'm done..."

	Ryo-Oh-Ki had heard enough.  All the years of being beaten, mistreated, 
& yelled at came to a boil...  There would be no more violence... None, 
that is, except HER violence!  Quietly, she picked up his rifle & 
creeped up behind him.  He was so lost in his lust-addled daydreams that 
he didn't even notice her until she'd pistol-whipped him with the butt 
of his own gun.  After he had fallen, she stripped him of his clothes.  
Slicing off the excess cloth, she made it so that they would fit her & 
put them on.  After gathering his weapons, she slit his throat & left 
him in the bushes to die.  *The only thing you'll be pleasuring is the 
wolves...* Ryo-Oh-Ki thought as she sped after her master...

	As she neared the master's ship, her mind slipped back into the 
present.  There would be plenty of time for reminicing AFTER her lovely 
Sasami was rescued from that monster.  Creeping up behind a guard, she 
unsheathed her blade & punched him squarly in the back while she slit 
his throat.  Afterwards, she realized something that had been nagging 
her ever since she had left Ryoko & Ayeka.  She had grown significantly, 
plus she was in a humanoid form now.  *Is this because of my anger, or 
is this some new form of mine?* she wondered.  None the less, she had a 
friend to rescue.  And that's when she heard it.  A sharp pircing sound 
that felt like a knife being driven thru her chest & into her heart.  
Somewhere, deep within that ship, Sasami was screaming...

	Sasami awoke feeling strange.  That's when she noticed it: She was 
bound spread-eagle in the air without a stitch of clothing.  As she 
struggled, she heard a strange laughter.  "Yes, struggle for me...  Show 
me just how lustful you can be before I sacrifice you to my dark 
lord..."  The voice echoed across the chamber & sent icy shivers down 
her spine.  "Wh-who are you?" she asked behind a growing flood of tears.  
"Who am I, you ask?  Well, let me show you..."  And with that, he 
stepped into the light.  "No.. NO!  NOT YOU!!!" she screamed into the 
blackness...

	"Ah, but it IS me..." Tenchi said with an evil laugh.  I've found true 
power, little princess...  More powerful than your pitiful Jurai parlor 
tricks!  More powerful than anything!  I shall be a GOD amongst you 
mortals, and when you die, you'll visit MY master...  Bwa-ha-ha-ha!!!"  
His laughter shocked her to her senses.  "You-You're not Tenchi!  Tenchi 
would never..." "SHUT UP!!!" he screamed, smacking her into silence...

	"You know nothing about me..." Tenchi began as he began to disrobe.  
"You see, in order to gain my full powers, I must sacrifice the blood of 
a pure virgin." And with that, he began to smile evily.  "You-you're 
going to kill me?"  she asked, truly frigtened for the first time in her 
life.  "No, you misunderstand my master's wishes.  He wishes to 
impregnate you thru me...  Only then can his protege be born..."  And 
with that, he grasp her hips & shoved into her to the hilt.   Sasami had 
had undergone a lot of pain that day.  Leaving her sister & her friend 
in the clutches of those men, losing Ryo-Oh-Ki, and losing Tenchi to 
evil.  But the pain she felt now as her former friend thrust into her 
dry canal, moistening it with her own blood, was worse than any other 
pain she could comprehend.  Faced with all the insurmoutable odds she'd 
been thrown during the day, she did the only thing she knew to do... She 
began to scream.

	Kawaibo was now an engine of pure destruction.  As she made her way 
thru the ship, she slaughtered all that she saw.  No one would survive 
to tell of this day.  No one!  Finally, she made her way to the Master's 
chamber.  As she kicked in the door, she was shocked by what she saw.  
There hung her dear sasami, unconcious from the pain.  And holding her, 
still thrusting into her limp body, was Tenchi.  Suddenly, he threw his 
head back in orgasm as he emptied his seed into the young princess.

	"ENOUGH!!!" Kawaibo screamed, amazed that an almost human-sounding 
voice emrged from her throat.  "Who dares to inurupt me?" demanded 
Tenchi as he drew his blood-covered organ from the his young girl.  "I 
do, you evil monster." Kawaibo screamed as she charged towards Tenchi, 
firing her gun at him.  As the bullets pierced his chest, Tenchi 
collapsed to his knees.  "How could you..." he began slowly, coughing up 
blood.  "I'm death." Kawaibo began.  "And you're number just got called, 
mother fucker!"  

	"You'll never stop us!" Tenchi screamed at her.  "I've allready 
inseminated her.  Soon, she shall bear my master's son, & the world 
shall belong to us!"  "Well, tell your master I said, 'Fuck you!' when 
you see him in hell!" Kawaibo yelled as she emptied an entire clip into 
his chest, effectivly killing him.  Then, she ran over to Sasami & cut 
her down gently, caressing her tender angel lovingly.

	"Ah, my dear Sasami..." Kawaibo cried as she picked up her fallen 
friend.  "Wha..." Sasami whispered barly, just beginning to come to.  
"Shh...." Kawaibo lovingly answered, laying her fingers against 
^Csasami's lips.  "You're having a bad dream, but it will all be over 
soon.  Just go back to sleep, my love..." But Sasami had allready 
drifted back into unconciousness.

	*Nande Yo!* Kawaibo thought as she began to run for the door.  *I 
forgot about the timed charges!!!*  Running as fast as she could, 
Kawaibo dived thru the door and into the hallway just as the first 
charges began to go off.   Speeding thru the ship, Kawaibo was followed 
by flames & wreckage.  As she dived out the Entranceway to the ship & 
hit the turf, the entire ship was engulfed in a huge ball of flame.

	Looking down at Sasami, Kawaibo began to cry.  She had done it.  
Despite all odds, she had saved her little Sasami.  Then a nagging 
thought reached the front of her mind.  Tenchi had said that he'd 
'inseminated' her...  "My God!" Kawaibo yelled as she ran for the 
house...

	Sasami came to on a bed of satin.  "Wh-where am I...?" she called out, 
barly able to talk.  "Shh..." Kawaibo cooed into her ear, stroking the 
hair from her eyes.  "You had a bad day today, but Washu fixed it up for 
you...  She gave you something that will eliminate what Tenchi did to 
you..."  "Oh Ryo-Oh-Ki!" Sasami cried as she grasp the anamorphic aruond 
her chest.  "What happened to you?  and to Tenchi?"

	"Tenchi's dead." Kawaibo began.  "And as for me, I've 'evolved', so to 
speak...  Ryo-Oh-Ki's no more...  Now there is only Kawaibo.  At least, 
to the outside world, that is..."  she added with a twinkle in her eye.  
"What do you mean?" Sasami queried wonderingly.  "Ah, my dear 
princess..." Kawaibo began.  "That can wait...  I have some more news 
for you, though.  Sad as it might seem,  your sister has been called 
back to the Jurai kingdom to become Queen.  Unfortunently, your parents 
thought it best for you to remain after what has happened.  But don't 
worry, I'll allways protect you..."

	"WHAT?" Sasami cried out thru the tears.  "My own family's turned 
against me in my hour of need?!?  No!!!" she screamed, running to the 
visiphone & calling her mother.  "Mom!" she screamed at the blank 
picture.  "Pick up!"  Finally, a youngish-looking face appeared in the 
screen.  "Mom..." Sasami cried.  "How could you do it...  I'm your 
daughter..."  "I'm sorry," Sasami's mother began.  "But we couldn't 
bring you home just yet.  Because of your 'condition', if you were to be 
brought home, utter turmoil would erupt thru out the entire kingdom.  
Someday, after you've healed enough, we can bring you home...  But for 
now, know that we will allways love you, as will Kawaiibo, who rescued 
you from that evil monster.  Know that she has been knighted as your 
official body guard, & will allways be there for you.  Goodbye, my 
daughter..."

	"Goodbye..." was all Sasami could muster before collapsing to the floor 
in tears.  Slowly, Kawaibo let herself out.  Sasami needed to collect 
her thoughts for herself.  Colapsing to the floor, Kawaibo allowed 
herself to do what her body had needed to do from the start of all of 
this.  She cried.
The End
*************
	This is intended to be a one-shot, but I've allready started writing 
the sequel...  E-Mail me at sfe_otaku@hotmail.com with any C&C you 
have...  I didn't intend for it to happen this way.  I was going to use 
Kagato, & have Kawaibo morph back into cabbit-form & 'clense' Sasami, 
thus making them lovers in the end.  But it just evolved into this.  I 
plan on putting Darkened Dreams: Part 2 on the net soon (20k allready, & 
I'm not done yet! ;p).  Also, I'm writing a story with a very talented 
young lady named Sailor Mac!  That should be out soon, as well...  
Finally, I'm writing two Ranma fanfics: One hentai & one non-hentai...  
I think you'll like them.  *sighs*  If you want to check out my 
non-hentai fanfics, please go to http://members.tripod.com/~fanfics  
Anyhoo, peace & have fun!---Steve 

______________________________________________________
Get Your Private, Free Email at http://www.hotmail.com


