A Tenchi Muyo Fan Fiction.
Keeping Ryoko Out.  Honk-Honk!
By Peter Suzuki.

The series "Tenchi Muyo" is owned by Pioneer LDC, AIC, and its contributors.
All rights reserved.

WARNING:  Mild LEMON.  Do not read if under 18.  The title will make perfect
sense, by the end of the story.

######################################################################

 It was around midnight in the Masaki home.  All of the occupants appeared
to be asleep.  APPEARED to be asleep.  One soul quietly moved down the
upstairs hallway, toward a door halfway down the hall.  Two long ponytails
streamed down her back, and gently glided left and right, as the young woman
looked down both directions of the hall, trying to see if anyone saw her in
front of the door.
 Satisfied that no one else was there, Ayeka proceeded to knock on Tenchi's
door, to deactivate the security lock that Washu had placed, to keep
intruders out.  If she knocked quietly enough, she could enter without
anyone else knowing.  If luck was with her, she would be able to enter,
without Tenchi waking up, as well.
 "My, my.  Aren't we bold tonight, princess."  Said a seductive, and rather
taunting, voice from behind Ayeka.
 Ayeka turned around, one hundred and eighty degrees.  Her expression was
one of anger, instead of surprise.  After all, she knew EXACTLY who it was.
 "Miss Ryoko," Ayeka's voice was barely a whisper, but succeeded in
indicating all of the anger that she felt.  "Just what do you think you are
doing, at this time of night?"
 "The same thing I do every morning, noon, and night, princess." Said Ryoko.
"The exact same thing that YOU were just trying to do."
 Ayeka turned away, with a smug expression.  "Really.  You have such an
active imagination, Miss Ryoko.  To think that MY wanting to see if
Lord-Tenchi was safe, and peacefully asleep, is anything like your foolish
antics, is absolutely absurd."  Ayeka silently praised the fact that formal
princess training included acting lessons.
 Ryoko talked on, as if Ayeka had not spoken a word.  "Your plan won't work,
anyway.  Tenchi had Washu change the trap setting, so that it could only be
opened if he says 'Come in'.  It won't work any other way. . .for YOU
anyway."
 "*Hmph!*" snorted Ayeka.  "Do you honestly expect me to believe your stupid
lies?"  To prove her point, Ayeka gently knocked on the door *Tap* *Tap* and
opened it slightly *Swoo. . .*
 *Btzzt* *Wan*  The sounds of the trap being set off were so quiet, that no
one else in the house noticed them.  Or the splash coming from outside, made
by Ayeka being transported directly OVER the lake.  Tenchi's door quickly,
and quietly sided back into place.
 "Why should I lie, when it's so much fun to tell the truth." Said Ryoko, to
herself.  She then counted the seconds as she heard footsteps approaching
the house, the sound of the back door sliding open, and sliding closed, the
sound of 'slightly-soggy' footsteps coming through the living room, and up
the stairs, and finally to the point where she was face-to-face with a
sopping wet, and very unhappy about it, Ayeka.  "Not bad, princess.  You
must be in GREAT shape to make it all the way up here from the lake, in less
than ten seconds."
 "Shut *gasp* up." Said Ayeka, too winded to speak loudly, even if she
wanted too.
 "Anyway, it's no use to try to hide what you were going to do, unless you
were planning on 'seeing if Tenchi was safe, and peacefully asleep' without
any underwear."
 "How did you know I wasn't. . . Uh- I mean, just WHAT makes you think that
I would be doing that, anyway?"
 "Ayeka, look down at what you are wearing." Said Ryoko, smirking.
 Ayeka looked at what she was wearing, only to realize that she had lost the
belt to her robe somewhere from the lake to the house, and that she was
wearing, and ONLY wearing her outer robe.  Ayeka gave a startled yelp, and
quickly covered herself.
 "Now as for me, I'm not going to hide what I'm planning on doing with my
beloved Tenchi." said Ryoko, looking quite proud of herself.
 "What do you mean by 'YOUR beloved Tenchi'?" said Ayeka, in a very sour
tone.  "And besides.  If I can not enter Lord-Tenchi's bedchambers, what
makes you think that YOU can?"
 Ryoko smirked, and said, "Washu put the trap around Tenchi's door, but not
on the walls."  To prove her point, Ryoko phased her hand through the wall
to Tenchi's room, unharmed.

 Unbeknownst to Tenchi, an alien's hand was going through his 'Aliens
Resurrection' movie poster, ironically right where the woman's stomach was
pictured.

 "I will have no problems getting into Tenchi's room.  See-ya." Said Ryoko,
as she prepared to phase in through the wall.
 Ayeka, desperate, and not wanting Ryoko to use her advantage without a
fight, jumped at Ryoko.  "Oh no you don't, Miss Ryoko."  Yes, for all you
perverts reading this, her robe DID open up again.
 Ayeka reached around Ryoko, gripped what she thought was Ryoko's shoulder,
and tried to pull the cyan-hared woman back from the hall.
 *goosh!*
 *Thunk!*  "Ow!  What the hey?" Instead of phasing through the wall, Ryoko
knocked her head against it.  There was a very good reason as to why.
 "Ha!  It seems that I have foiled your plans." Said Ayeka, still gripping
Ryoko.
 "Ayeka, just WHAT do you think you are grabbing?" said Ryoko, sounding
rather angry.
 "Your shoulder, of course." Responded Ayeka.
 "This shoulder, or that one?"  asked Ryoko, pointing to both of her
shoulders, revealing that neither of them were in Ayeka's grasp, and giving
Ayeka a look that conveyed the message 'You can't possibly be THAT stupid.'
 "Then. . .  Then what am I. . ."  Ayeka then briefly wondered why what she
was grabbing had a mildly hard lump on its soft, yet firm surface.  She then
realized what it was, that she was grabbing.  "Oh dear."  Ayeka blushed deep
red, but was too shocked to let go.
 "Now that we're done with this meaningful moment." said Ryoko.  "I've got
something to do, so. . ." Ryoko once again tried phasing through the wall.
 "Oh, no you don't!" said Ayeka, clutching Ryoko's left breast a little
tighter, unintentionally.
 *Beep.*
 *Thunk!* "Ow!" Cursed Ryoko, as she once again bonked her head against the
wall.
 "Ha.  What's the matter, Miss Ryoko?  Can't seem to concentrate on your
powers."  Said Ayeka, finally realizing just why Ryoko could not phase
through the wall.
 "Just a minor set back, I assure you." Said Ryoko, sounding more like her
mother than she ever would admit.  "I can still concentrate enough to get
through this wall." Ryoko pressed herself slightly on the wall.
 Ayeka quickly began moving her hand in circles around Ryoko's breast.  The
weird sensation kept Ryoko from being able to move her body through the
spaces, between the molecules of the wall.  Also, it was really making Ryoko
feel weird.  It was not necessarily a BAD feeling, but it was strange to
her, none the less.
 "Would you cut that out, you pervert!" said Ryoko, angrily.
 "Who are you to call ME a pervert, you woman of loose morals?" argued
Ayeka.
 "The one being molested by you, that's who!" said Ryoko, attempting to grab
Ayeka, and ring her neck.
 Thinking quickly, Ayeka jumped onto Ryoko's back.  Inadvertently, Ayeka
also reached around Ryoko, trying to get another hand hold, and grabbed
Ryoko's other breast.
 *Goosh.*
 "Arrrgh!  I said, cut that out!" yelled Ryoko, practically waking everyone
else in the house except Tenchi, who could only be woken up by the sounds of
either his alarm clock, someone knocking on his door, or laser blasts
outside his bedroom.  The latter could not occur, as Ryoko was too busy
trying to, literally, get Ayeka off of her back.
 Ryoko tried to phase through Ayeka, but that worked about as well as trying
to phase through the wall to Tenchi's room.  Then she tried to teleport away
from Ayeka, but because Ayeka was in VERY close bodily contact with Ryoko,
she was teleported as well.  Finally, Ryoko tried ramming Ayeka up against
the wall, to make the princess let go.  Unfortunately for Ryoko, Ayeka's
groping also took much of the power out of Ryoko's charge, causing the
princess and the pirate to merely be forcibly bumped against the wall.
Eventually, this same forceful bumping made its way to Tenchi's door.

 Tenchi woke up, realizing that someone was forcibly knocking on his door.
Still slightly asleep, he said, "Come in."
 Tenchi's door automatically opened, something that Ryoko had forgotten that
Washu had ALSO put in, and in rolled Ayeka and Ryoko, still in that same
position, although Ryoko tried to use her hands to break her fall, only to
have them wind up under Ayeka.
 Around that time, the rest of the Masaki household reached Tenchi's door.
They all saw Ayeka and Ryoko, laying on the floor, Ayeka's bare chest
pressed against Ryoko's back, her equally bare lower body wrapped around
Ryoko, and her hands on Ryoko's chest, and Ryoko's hands under Ayeka's
bottom.
 Tenchi had a nosebleed powerful enough to send him flying back onto his
bed.  Sasami blushed.  And Nobuyuki's reaction was probably the most
surprising, coming from him anyway.
 "TENCHI!"  Nobuyuki cried.  "YOU SEE WHAT YOU'VE CAUSED!  BECAUSE YOU'VE
REFUSED THE AFFECTIONS OF ALL THESE GIRLS, THEY'VE NOW TURNED TO EACH OTHER
FOR LOVE!!!  YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELF!!"
 Everyone else got large sweatdrops on the back of their heads, at
Nobuyuki's statement.  Ayeka and Ryoko lamely shouted, not altering their
positions in any way, "It's not what it looks like!  We can explain!"

######################################################################

SCENES FROM THE NEXT EPISODE OF "TENCHI MUYO".

######################################################################

 "I swear, it was NOTHING!!!" screamed Ryoko for the forty sixth time, as
Ayeka's voice gave out over an hour ago, with the same statements.  "It was
an accident!"
 "Look, I'm just saying that if you two are going to do this sort of thing,
you really should look into the Jurian laws for multiple marriages." Said
Sasami, ignoring everything that Ryoko had said.
 "I've raished a leshbian!  How could dish happen ta me!?! *HIC!*" slurred
Washu.  She was experiencing first hand one of the bad points about having
the body of a child.  Low tolerance to alcohol.  Washu took another chug of
her day-old 'Snapple', and continued to wallow in self pity.
 "Where's Lord-Tenchi?" rasped Ayeka, wincing from the pain in her throat.
 "He's still passed out from the multiple nosebleeds." Answered Mihoshi, as
she continued eating as if noting was wrong.

THE END.

AUTHOR'S NOTES:

 As you may have noticed from a few of my other stories, I kind of support
the 'Ryoko & Ayeka' paring, when I have to choose a Girl-to-Girl match up.
I also think that they are the best choices for Tenchi's future brides.
Sorry, that's just how I feel.
 If you are wondering where I came up with this idea, it started a while
back ago when I read Brazil's Fan Fiction Review for Doug Whiddon's "Two
Panes of Glass".  Where the wake up scene with Ryoko and Ayeka was listed as
a classic scene, that made the story memorable (or something like that).  So
I decided to make a Fic where an ACTUAL misunderstanding about their sexual
preferences takes place.
 The joke about what Washu was drinking is conned from the joke, "I can't
drink liquor.  I get dizzy when I drink an old 'Snapple'."  No offense
intended.  I heard it once somewhere on TV.
 I don't know if "Ryoko and Ayeka's Shrine of Love" is going to like this or
not.  Oh well.  Can't wait to start getting feedback on this.  ^_^

Peter Suzuki.