     Tenchi Muyo: Lineage



    A little bit of FanFic based on Tenchi Muyo OVA



    Disclaimer: Most of the characters herein contained are owned by
Pioneer and AIC. Any other characters/places are the property of their
respective companies. This story was not written with the intent to make
money, and as such cannot be sold. I retain copyright to this work, andä
(see inside cover of a book sometime). Do not post this on the internet
without permission, I donπt want half-finished or altered copies
circulating. Please contact me for permission to use this, or
significant parts of it somewhere. Please feel free to link to the TOC.

                    Chapter 6: The Party!
    By Tuor Beleg <TenchiMisaki AT myrealbox.com>



    Tenchi felt like he was in the way. He tried to do his chores, but
had to stop every time someone went by. Finally, Ayeka drug him into the
house and made him sit down.

    From the couch, he could see Washu and Sasami bringing trays of food
out of Washuπs lab. Tenchiπs eyes bulged. "There has to be enough food
there to feed an army," he said.

    "Well I hope itπs enough for a couple of hundred High School
students then," Washu shot back.

    He followed them outside to see where all the food was going. There
were half a dozen tables set out with food, everything Japanese or
American youπd imagine at a summer party, and a few other ethnic dishes
thrown in for good measure.

    Tenchi turned around in time to see Ryoko pick up a raft from behind
the house and flew it out to the lake. "It looks almost thirty feet long
and twenty feet wide," thought Tenchi. "This is going to be one hell of
a party, I hope someone shows up."

    Kiyone and Mihoshi were setting up chairs outside and Nobuyuki was
stocking a bar on the front porch. He looked over and noticed the
floating onsen had been anchored down on the edge of the pond and
carefully screened so no one would notice that nothing supported it.

    "Come on Tenchi," his grandfather said seeing the boy standing in
the middle of everything again. "We need to get the stereo system set
up."



    About seven people started rolling in. Kiyone and Katsuhito
stationed themselves near the driveway. They were directing parking and
taking keys for those who were staying. Kiyone had already attracted a
few willing fan-boys she was going to use later so she could join the
party herself.

    When people started arriving, Tenchi tried to play host. He really
did. For about fifteen minutes.

    "Come on Tenchi. Dance with me!" Ryoko whined as she clung to him.

    Tenchi looked around. No Ayeka in sight. He reluctantly let the
cyan-haired woman drag him to the floating dock where everyone was
dancing.

    He was beginning to enjoy himself. Ryoko was grinding on one side of
him and a girl he recognized from his calculus class was grinding him
from the other.

    "Hey Tenchi!" cried Mihoshi. He looked over and waved back. "Sheπs
quite popular there," he thought to himself as he watched six guys
fighting to dance with her.

    Just then Takeshi walked up to him and handed him a glass. "Drink up
my man. Your father expressly said you should have this."

    Tenchi groaned and took a sip from the glass. Jack and Coke. Well,
why not, it was a partyä

    The party was going well. Ayeka showed up on the dance floor with
another drink for him. Surprisingly the girls took turns dancing with
him instead of fighting. Most of the guys on the floor were at least a
little jealous. Except for whoever was getting to dance with Mihoshi or
Kiyone at that moment.

    All the dancing was making him thirsty, and he headed over to the
bar to get himself a glass of water. Nobuyuki saw his son approaching
and put together another drink. Gin and 7-Up.

    "Here yaπ go, son!" he said handing the cup out to Tenchi.

    "Dad, Thatπs the third one for me. Donπt you think I should take it
easy?"

    "Trusht me, Iπll cut you off when you needs it." Nobuyuki winked.

    Tenchi sighed.

    "Hey Tenchi!" called a couple of guys from his intramural team.

    Tenchi walked over to see what they wanted, hoping it wouldnπt take
too long, after all Ayeka and Ryoko were apt to make a scene looking for
him if he was gone too long. He sat down in the circle and looked
around.

    "There you are," came Ryokoπs voice. "Well, here it comes," thought
Tenchi, but she just sat down to his left. "Ayeka went in to help Washu,
so I thought Iπd find you."

    Tenchi was handed something by the guy on his right. "Go ahead," his
friend said.

    Neither Tenchi nor Ryoko had seen a joint before. "I donπt knowä"
Tenchi started.

    "Oooh, whatπs that?" asked Ryoko.

    "Dude. Trust us," Takeshi said.

    Tenchi held it to his lips and took a deep breath, then handed it to
Ryoko.

    "Way to go dude."

    He started coughing. Ryoko took a bigger drag.

    "Wow dude. That was crazy," Takeshi said when Ryoko finished. She
handed a roach off to her left.

    "He he he. This is great!" Ryoko laughed, hanging onto Tenchiπs arm.

    Tenchi finally stopped coughing and blinked the tears out of his
eyes. He tried to determine how he felt. Not too much different, a
little relaxed maybe.

    "Sure," he said, putting an arm around Ryoko to keep her steady. He
took a big gulp of his drink to ease his throat.

    Another joint came around, and Tenchi passed it to Ryoko. He wanted
to go over and see some more of his friends before it got too late.
Ryoko nodded, she was enjoying her self here. A big cloud of smoke
escaped her lips.



    Tenchi stumbled into the onsen on the other end of Ayekaπs hand. He
didnπt have a good feeling about this, he was drunk, she was drunk, the
gods knew what Ryoko was on, and there were lots of other girls under
the same state of consciousness here. It wasnπt long before his feelings
proved right.

    Ayeka stripped down to her underwear and pulled Tenchiπs shirt off,
under protest, before jumping into the foray of naked and half-naked
bodies swimming in the water. Ryoko was already there herself, naked,
and toking a big joint. She handed it off to Ayeka, who managed a good
hit off it herself before handing it to Tenchi. There was not much he
could do but have a toke himself.

    Somewhere in the onsen music stared, and a mass of drunken, wet
people began attempting to dance. The music, people, and that last hit
calmed Tenchi down a bit and he began dancing with the girls again.



    Sasami watched them stumble in at a quarter to four. Tenchi was
propped up between Ayeka and Ryoko and they were slowly walking him up
the stairs. This was even more amazing, she thought, because his eyes
were closed.

    "Okie, weπs goinπ up ja stairz," attempted Ayeka.

    "Holdπem eyer," gurgled Ryoko.

    "Youz jusπ crookd," retorted Ayeka, and they continued on the whole
way to Tenchiπs room, becoming less and less coherent.



    Tenchi woke up with an ache in his head. He rolled over toward the
window to see what kind of day it is. About halfway he ran into
something soft he didnπt remember being there.

    "Wonder what that could be," he murmured.

    He rolled the other way to check the clock. Maybe that would help.
Another soft object. How the hell did he get in his bed anyway? The last
thing he remembered was dancing knee-deep in the onsen in his boxers and
passing around joints.

    His blinked a little focus into his eyes and reexamined the object
by the window. It smelled good, as a matter of fact it smelled like
Ayeka. "Well, darn, it is Ayeka," he thought.

    He rolled to the other side. Lots of cyan hair. "And that must be
Ryoko," thought Tenchi. He reached down and checked his clothes. Good,
he wasnπt quite naked. Carefully he got out of bed.

    He snuck downstairs where a cheery Sasami was cooking up a
tremendous amount of breakfast.

    "Good morning Tenchi. Have an exciting night?" she giggled. Tenchi
groaned.

    Washu came dragging on in. She didnπt look at anyone, but headed
straight to the fridge and pulled out a black box. She set it on the
kitchen island beside Tenchi and pulled out a hypospray. She pressed it
to her neck and it let out a satisfying hiss.

    A moment later her expression looked a little more relieved. She
twiddled the knob on it and held it to Tenchiπs neck. He was way to
hungover to resist anyway. It hissed. He could feel the wave of relief
spread through his body.

    "Iπm glad I made this stuff up ahead of time, but I didnπt think Iπd
be needing it," the little redhead sighed.

    Tenchi smiled back. "That was one hell of a party Washu-chan."

    Washu stood on her toes to talk into his ear. "Donπt tell anyone
about this stuff, though. Itπs just between you and me."

    Tenchi nodded.



    Tenchi was just chowing down to a big plate of eggs and rice when
the first of the partygoers drifted in to the smell of Sasamiπs cooking.

========================================================================
    Preview of next chapter:
========================================================================

    Chapter 7: Here Comes Earth!

    Driving down the highway,
    Miles from home.
    Itπs been that way since the day we started to roam.
    This is what we wanted,
    Hey look what we got.
    Leave that little town behind and move on,
    Move on.


    Well, the trees line the highway,
    As we roll down the road.
    At the wheel twelve tons of steel can be quite a load.
    In the distance the city lights are starting to glow.
    Sit back and watch them glimmer theyπre starting to grow,
    Sit back.

    ["Rhythm of the Road" by A String Cheese Incident]

    It was Monday morning. School had ended last Friday, but Tenchi was
up early again. He batted the alarm clock off of his nightstand and
stumbled toward the bathroom. Today was the day when everyone was off to
Jurai, and he could feel the buzz as everyone packed. Even Ryoko seemed
excited to go, although he doubted it was the destination that was
weighing on her mind, more like the prospect of going back into space.
With Tenchi.

    "Remember Kishida," Grandfather said, "No wild parties."

    The other priest gave Katsuhito a puzzled look and said, "Alright.
Have a safe journey."

    "Tenchi!" called his Grandfather.

    "Coming, Grandfather," Tenchi replied as he lugged his two suitcases
and backpack down the stairs with him. When he saw Azaka and Kamadake,
though, he didnπt feel so bad.

    "How can someone need all this?" grumbled an overloaded Azaka.

========================================================================
    Well, I hope you like it so far, sorry for the delay in getting
these last chapters out, finals got in the way. Oi gevalt ;-). I'm
working on the next few chapters as you read this (hopefully). E-mail me
with comments!
========================================================================