__________________________Legal Stuff__________________________________

I don't own Tenchi, Sakuya or any other characters or trademarks of Tenchi
Muyo so don't sue me or anything.

_________________________Love at the Shrine_____________________________

    The cool crisp morning air blowing in from the open balcony door wakes
Tenchi from his sleep, he looks down at Sakuya with her as she slept with
her head on his chest. She is so beautiful he thought as he looked at her
face, he couldn't believe the what took place last night, it was like a
dream. Tenchi pinches himself just to make sure it isn't a dream, "OW" guess
not.

Sakuya shifts and opens her eyes to the morning sun and looks at Tenchi and
smiles, "sleep well?"

"Yeah, I think that's the best i've ever slept, I guess it was because I was
with you." Sakuya looked into Tenchi's and gave him a long passionate kiss,
"Tenchi, I love you." "And I you, my love." Sakuya lays her head back on
Tenchi's warm chest.

"Hungry Tenchi?" "Famished, I guess we really did work up an appetite last
night." They both let out a little laugh. "Well, do you wanna go out and get
something?" "Hey, I've got a better idea you know that gateway at your
apartment." "Yeah??!" Tenchi says reluctantly. "Well, why don't we go to
your house in the country for breakfast, so I can meet everyone without them
accusing of stealing things." "We did get off on the wrong foot last time."

"WWWWHHHHAAATTT!!!!!!!!" your kidding right." "What's the matter, are you
ashamed of me or you don't think i'm good enough to meet them?" "No, that's
not it, but...." "Well, then it's settled we will go to your house for
breakfast." "Oh brother, Tenchi pictures Ryoko and Aieka then the house in a
pile of smoldering ashes." "Uh, sure I guess we can." "Great, well I'm gonna
take a shower." "You need  some company in there?" Tenchi says insistingly.

"No, wait until tonight, trust me, you'll need it." "Ok", Tenchi says
feeling like a kid waiting for Christmas presents.

The two shower (separately) and get dressed, they head to Tenchi's apartment
and unforld the blanket, hop through the star and BBBAAAAMMM!!!! land with a
thud on the floor because someone removed the ladder.

"You ok, Sakuya." "Yeah, Im ok."
TTTTEEEEEEEENNNNNNCCCCHHIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!!!!!!!!! Sasami yells tackling
Tenchi with the force of a linebacker. "It's good to see you too Sasami."
"OOOhhhhh, I missed you so much!!" "Oh, hello Sakuya how are you." "Fine
thanks" "So, what are you two doing here so early?" Well, we wondered if we
could eat breakfast with the family? "Sure, but Aieka, Ryoko, Mihoshi and
Kione have gone shopping with Nobuyuki." "Me, Grandpa, and Ryo-oki and the
only ones in the house."

"Oh well, we will just eat without them come on into the dining room and
well eat I just was about to eat myself." "I've made plenly." "Thanks."

They all sit down to the table and eat and talk.

"So, Tenchi any girls caught your eye?", ask Grandpa." Sakuya blushes. Yes,
Grandpa that is one thing I wanted to tell you. "I am in love with Sakuya."
Well, it's about time you got enough courage, well I wonder what my first
Great Grandchild will look like?" Both Tenchi and Sakuya blush this time.

CCCRRRRRRRAAAAAAASSSSSSSHHHH!!!!!!!!! Everbody turns around to see Aieka in
shock."  YYYYYYYOOOOURRRRR WWWHHHAAATTTT!!!!!!
 "How dare you Lord Tenchi, going off to Tokyo and screwing around with this
hussie!!!!" "Watch it Aieka, you are talking about the woman I love!" Logs
start forming around Aieka, take this you little slut. Aieka forms a Jurai
power attack.

"Tenchi, I'm scared!!!!" "Don't worry I won't let her harm you!" Suddenly
the attack is stopped." Tenchi is now standing in front of Sakuya. "Lord
Tenchi Move!!!!!!!!!!!" "No, Aieka, I love Sakuya and if you can't accept
that then you will have to kill me to get to her."

"Lord Tenchi....I....I..." Aieka runs upstairs and slams the door shut. "Man
she really overreacted." "I'm sorry for causing all this trouble, maybe I
should go home?" "No Sakuya, you have just as much right to be here
as Aieka."

Everyone goes into the living room. "Well, finally Tenchi has a girl now
maybe I can get some grandchildren, You here that dear our Tenchi is finally
becoming a man!" "Dad you are weird some times." "Well, a guy can hope can't
he?" Grandpa Yosho comes into the room. "Tenchi, I have a favor to ask of
you." "What is it Grandpa?" "I need someone to go to the Shrine in the
mountains and retrieve my scrolls, but I sprained so I cannot do it." So can
you go get them, you can Sakuya with you." "Do you want to go with me
Sakuya?" "Sure, I've always wanted to see the Shrine." As Tenchi walks by
Grandpa to the door he gives Tenchi a little wink. "Tenchi then realizes
Grandpa's intentions.

  Tenchi and Sakuya are walking down to the Shrine. "Tenchi, I'm sorry I
caused all of this trouble." "It wasn't your fault it's Aieka she is just
jealous because she has this thing for me." "Well I can see why." Tenchi
blushes just a bit. Then Sakuya feels it getting colder. "Tenchi it's
getting late I hope we get to the shrine soon." There it is up ahead. "Let's
hurry." The two get there in a couple of minutes and go inside, Tenchi
starts the fire place and they sit in front of it and warm themselves.

"It's still too cold in here" "I've got an idea." Tenchi goes into the back
room. While he's gone Sakuya has a idea of her own and strips down to her
panties and a T-shirt of Tenchi's she had with her. Tenchi came back with a
blanket and down to his boxers. "Oh I see you had the same idea I had in
mind. They cover up with the blanket and Tenchi holds Sakuya and stares
deeply into her eye's.

"Sakuya, this is what I have dreamed of every night since I have met you."
"Just to be with you, and hold you..........." Tenchi is silenced by
Sakuya's lips pressed against his, their tounges intertwine and explore each
others mouths. They break the kiss and Sakuya rolls on top of Tenchi. Sakuya
takes off Tenchi's shirt and kisses down his chest, slowly, she notices the
reaction of his "little friend" pressing against her chest.

"Oh, I see your happy to see me, well let's do something about that." Sakuya
then slides off Tenchi's boxer's wraps her warm lips around Techi's
dick, and massages it with her toungue.Tenchi moans with pleasure and starts
breathing heavily, he can feel the coming pleasure but his throat is too dry
and he tries to tell Sakuya but it's too late...........aaaaaaahhhhhhh he
explodes into Sakuya's mouth, but to his surprise she swallows every bit of
cum from Tenchi. "Sakuya, i'm sorry I couldn't talk.

"That's ok Tenchi, I like how you taste." They both let out a little
laugh. "Now it's my turn", Tenchi says with a smirk. Tenchi lays Sakuya down
on the blanket and goes down between her legs and sees the already growing
wet spot on her panties. Tenchi grabs the crotch of the panties with his
teeth and slides them off slowly, and tosses them aside. He takes his tongue
and liks the lips, teasing her, Sakuya moans and grabs Tenchi's head and
pushes his face into here pussy. Tenchi then sticks his tongue into Sakuya
and licks the walls and flicking his tongue on her clit.

Sakuya arches her back and screams as Tenchi his the one spot where that
little bundle of pleasure and Sakuya can't take it anymore and cums all
over Tenchi's face, Tenchi just licks it up thinking that she kind of tastes
like peaches and cream!

"Did you like that my love?" "I loved every second of it." "Tenchi, I want
you inside of me right now, I can't take it anymore." Tenchi abides and
takes the head of his dick and circles it around her pussy, sweet
torture, "Tenchi, can I be on top this time?" Tenchi nods and Sakuya climbs
on him and she slides down his pole and squeals in pleasure, Tenchi
instinctively grabs Sakuya's hips and glides with her. Stroking, and inching
his way in Sakuya. Deeper and harder.

Sakuya's muscles latch on to Tenchi's cock hard and makes Techi jerk
slamming every inch of his cock into her causing them both to go off at the
same time.......ooooooooohhhhh......AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!  They both
lay there, motionless, Tenchi still inside of Sakuya not wanting this moment
to end. So they just fell asleep in each other's arms.................

The next morning they awoke to birds chirping, and the warm sun shinning in
through the window. "Oh, good it wasn't just a dream", Tenchi says kissing
Sakuya on the forehead. "Just hold me Tenchi, and never let go. "I never
will...............



____________________________________________________________

Well how did you like my  2nd fan fic, this one is a little longer that the
first because I got some good feedback from different people and special
thanks to Joyce for the confidence boost, and please anybody send me stuff
you want to see in my next on "Wedding Day"....................

P.S. Oh and those of you who don't like Sakuya I got two words for
ya.................."don't care" but, even people who don't like her still
like my stories, so thanks!!!