Love Passion and Hate

Tenchi must Choose.

Chapter One.

(A Tenchi Fan Fic.)

Disclaimer : 

All Following characters do belong to Pinoneer and AIC and I do not want to be 
sued over copy right and so on. So these characters do not belong to me or None 
of this in the Fic has happened in any of the Tenchi TV series or movies. I 
don't want to be sued over this. All this fic will have sex in it so if your not 
18 years or older please do not read it. Now off to the fic.

================================================================================
=================

Tenchi was would have his eyes closed as he was still trying to get in some 
sleep before his alarm clock would shoot off once again and be greeted by the 
arms of Ryoko. In a matter of moments the actions would happen as soon as the 
alarm clock would begin to make it's ringing noise Ryoko would appear into 
puting her arms around Tenchi.

"Good morning Tenchi my love!" Ryoko would shout out to Tenchi.

"Will You quit that Ryoko." Tenchi would reply the same as he would do every 
morning.

Tenchi would strugle to get to get away from Ryoko like he usally would. 
Sasami's voice could be heard yelling out. 

"Breakfast is ready!"

While Ryoko was looking away descrated by Sasami's voice Tenchi would make a run 
for it downstairs. But to his suriprise at the end of the stairs he would nearly 
trample over Ayeka making her fly back landing at the end of the stairs. Ayeka 
would let a scream escape her lips as she fell down to the ground landing at the 
bottom of the stairs. Tenchi would quickly run down to help Ayeka up. Holding 
out his hand Ayeka slowly get grabing onto his hand with just a faint smile 
across her lips.

"Oh I'm so sorry Miss Ayeka." Tenchi was pleading to her feeling guilty of what 
he acidently done to Ayeka.

"That's queit alright Lord Tenchi.." Ayeka would reply keeping her manners also 
not wanting to yell at someone she did truely feel for. 

Tenchi would just stare into her Pink colored eyes feeling like her was lost 
into them. Shaking his head Tenchi would quickly let go of Ayeka's hand looking 
away. Ayeka would blink a bit confussed as just a small blush would appear on 
her cheeks. 

"Miss Ayeka we better hurry to breakfast and see what Sasami has cooked for us 
before it gets cold." Tenchi  quickly said trying get off the subject.

"Of corse Lord Tenchi." Ayeka would say leting a soft sigh escape her lips.

Tenchi and Ayeka slowly would go into the dinning room walking to the table. 
Ayeka was about to down by Tenchi. Tenchi was setting by his grandfather as 
Ayeka was about to sit down on Tenchi's right side Ryoko would phase in by 
Tenchi. 

"Ha to slow princess!" The cyan colored space prirate Ryoko would let out a loud 
laugh in spite of her victory. 

Ayeka shook her head as she walked off sitting on the other side of Tenchi she 
did not want to start a fight with Ryoko atleast not until breakfast was 
finshed. Sasami would sit out the plates for everyone as she served the food she 
would sit down by her sister. And Mihoshi would be sitting on Ayeka's other 
side. Ryoko was stuffing her face full of the food as Ayeka would shake her head 
somewhat. 

"Ryoko have you ever heard of table manners?" Ayeka sickend by the Ryoko was 
eating.

"Shut up!" Ryoko quickly replyed as she tossed a peice of toast at Ayeka. 

"How dare you Ryoko!" Ayeka screamed. 

Ayeka would stand up as another classic Ayeka v.s. Ryoko fight would begin. 
Ayeka would begin to generate tiny logs around Ryoko. Doing so she would send a 
volts of elerticity into the Space priate Ryoko. Ayeka would let out a clear 
laugh already claming victory of this match. But Ryoko was not down yet. Ryoko 
almost ready recovered by this attack would fly towards the princess almost head 
on. Ryoko would open the palm of her hand sending a beam straight into Ayeka's 
direction. Ayeka would quickly use her tiny logs to create a shield from this 
beam attack. Leting out a sigh of relief from not begin hit by the attack. 

Tenchi would begin to plead with the two women hoping the wouldn't destroy his 
house. 

"Ayeka..Ryoko please stop it!" Tenchi would yell out to the two. 

Ryoko would stop in mid air after coming close to Ayeka's shield. Phasing out 
and appearing by Tenchi she would wrap her arms around him. 

"Alright Tenchi dear." Ryoko would say in a suductive voice to Tenchi. 

"Ah..Ryoko stop." Tenchi began pleading with Ryoko. 

"You get off him right now!" Ayeka scream out. 

"Why the hell should I Miss Bitchy Princess." Ryoko laughed out.

Ayeka would just snap as she would grab ahold of a wooden chair near by as she 
dashed towards Ryoko's direction. Pulling back she would swing it in the 
direction of Ryoko. Ryoko in a instant would phase out of sight barely dodging 
Ayeka's chair. Tenchi would jump out of the way his self almost begin hit by the 
chair. 

Ryoko began to charge towards Ayeka pulling back her arm and unleashing into 
Ayeka's gut. Ayeka would fall down and begin to gasp for air from Ryoko's hit. 
Ryoko would then let out a loud laugh into the air as she then dashed towards 
the fallen Ayeka kicking her across the room. Ryoko would fly into the air 
holding out her palm she would fire a beam into the direction of Ayeka. Ayeka 
had no other choice but to take the hit after tryed to stand up from Ryoko's 
eailer attacks. While standing up she would feel the beam hit her dead on as she 
flew back into a wall falling to the ground not saying another word after. 

"Ha Ryoko one and Ayeka zero." Letting out another laugh as she did so.

"Ryoko..! How could you do that to Ayeka!" Tenchi would shout out at Ryoko. 

Tenchi then would shake his head as he walked over to the badly beaten Ayeka. 
Noticing she was out cold he would gentally pick up her form. As he would pick 
up Ayeka and carry her to her room.

================================================================================
================= 				*Ayeka's Room Days after the fight*     

Tenchi sat by Ayeka's bed side slowly moisting another rag with water to put on 
Ayeka's forehead. It's been a few days after the fight Ayeka had with Ryoko and 
Ayeka was still out cold from the fight. Tenchi still by Ayeka's bedside would 
leanover to give Ayeka a gental kiss on the check. Since it was getting late he 
was going to go to bed.

"Good night Miss. Ayeka." 

"Mmmm..Te-e-nchi.." Ayeka would slowly say his name as she opened her pink 
colored eyes staring in the direction of Tenchi.

"Oh..your awake Miss. Ayeka.." Tenchi would say hearing his name hoping she 
didn't know about the kiss he gave her a few moments ago. 

"Could I get you anything Miss. Ayeka?" He would look to the staring Ayeka.

"..No not really..but Tenchi could you please come here?" Ayeka would ask in a 
soft tone of voice. 

"Sure Miss. Ayeka." Tenchi replyed.

Tenchi began to walk into the direction of Ayeka sitting down by her bedpost. He 
would sit his hands onto her head looking to Ayeka. Ayeka would then grab ahold 
of one of his hands placing on her own cheek. Tears would slowly fall down onto 
her cheeks rolling onto Tenchi's hand. 

"Tenchi..I'm so sorry for all the trouble I caused you." Ayeka pleaded with 
Tenchi. 

Ayeka would sniffle once or twice speaking again. 

"I understand if you don't want to forgive me.."

"Ayeka..I do forgive you it's not all your fault some of it is Ryoko's and part 
is mine as well..you know for not choosing one of you all continue to fight over 
me so I should be the one sorry Ayeka." 

Ayeka would sniffle again looking up to Tenchi her Pink eyes would glitter a bit 
from her watery tears. 

"Thank..you Tenchi." 

"No problem Ayeka.." 

Tenchi would stare back into the eyes of Ayeka. Ayeka slowly would let go of his 
hand leting a soft sigh escape her lips. Tenchi would still stare at the violet 
haired princess as he slowly leaned forward his lips would Inch towards Ayeka's 
lips.  He had no idea what he was doing his emotions where taking total control 
of his body as he would press his lips agaist Ayeka's in a gental kiss. Ayeka 
had no idea what he was doing she just blush this was one thing she was wanted 
to happen. Tenchi would fall down onto her bed as he would run one of his hands 
though the princess violet hair as he continued to kiss her slipping his tounge 
into her mouth trying to make the kiss more passionate. Ayeka would quickly 
catch on with the tounge as she would send out her tounge into his mouth. Tenchi 
layed ontop of the princess as they would roll around a bit as Ayeka wraped her 
arms around Tenchi's neck. They continued to kiss like this for several more 
minutes until Tenchi did something that surpised himself as well he was begin to 
pull as Ayeka's tied kimono. Ayeka blush a deep red as Tenchi did this action. 
Tenchi would finally untie Ayeka's kimono tossing it off her and throwing it to 
the side. He would instantly become surrprised to see Ayeka didn't wear any 
ungarments at all. His noise would bleed a little seeing the naked Ayeka under 
him. Ayeka would slowly wipe the blood from his noise getting caught up with 
this. Tenchi quickly shook his head deciding he shouldn't disapoint Ayeka he 
would begin to give his full attention to her body. He moved away from her lips 
giving her kisses down her neck stoping at her collar bone to kiss it. Ayeka 
would let out soft moans escape her lips feeling Tenchi's lips on her skin. 
Moving downward kissing her he would stop at her breasts as he begun to kiss 
down her right breast as he stoped at her right nipple as he covered his mouth 
over her nipple feeling her become hard in his mouth. He began to let it slide 
across the breast. Ayeka would moan a bit louder as she pulled Tenchi's head 
closer to her breast. He would begin to cup Ayeka's other breast with his hand. 
He slowly would stop what he was doing as he thought of something that could 
give him pleasure as well. Ayeka would look up to Tenchi. 

"Tenchi why did you stop.." Ayeka would pout somewhat dissapointed.

"Well, I was thinking..Ayeka made you would let um take you..?" He would smile 
looking into Ayeka's eyes.

"..Of corse I would let you Tenchi."

With that Tenchi would quickly strip of his jeans and then remove his boxers 
letting free his painfuly hard penis. He slowly would position his penis over 
Ayeka's pussy lips. Ayeka would nodd her head as Tenchi would slowly enter her. 
Ayeka would let out a bit of a scream but she wanted Tenchi to continue. Tenchi 
then would press on though fully entering Ayeka. Ayeka pink walls inside her 
would press tightly onto his penis. He began to make a thrusting movement in and 
out slowly. Ayeka began to let out soft moans now feeling pleasure from Tenchi 
thrusts. Ayeka's moans began to become louder by every thrust. Tenchi begun to 
feel more pleasure by every thrust so began to quicken them. After awhile of 
this Tenchi felt a odd as though his penis was about to blow as he then shot his 
warm cum deep within her. Soon after she was filled with his cum she would let 
out a awful loud moan as she orgamismed as she love juices would flow. Ayeka and 
Tenchi almost passed out of the bed with tired from this expreance. Tenchi would 
lay next to Ayeka his arms were around the naked Princess as he would get out a 
few breaths to say.

"..Ayeka..I..love you." 

"I..love..you too."

The two would fall asleep together there arms would be wraped around the other 
holding each other close. 

================================================================================
=================

Ryoko would phase by Ayeka's window hearing the loud moan's. She would fly back 
seeing Tenchi and Ayeka naked in the bed asleep. Ryoko then would let out a loud 
scream into the air looking back into the window once more.

"Tenchi!!" 

================================================================================
=================

End of chapter one.


Thank you for reading my fic I'll try to come with chapter two soon. Any 
suggests or helpful hints or anything of that sort you can e-mail me at 
Aeka_Chan@netzero.com or AekaMakaki@Yahoo.com. Anyway thank you again for 
reading my Fic please bare with me if I can awhile to finsh chapter two the 
title of chapter two will be. 

"There is no need for Fighting!"  

-Written by Aeka-chan
