Disclaimer: I own nothing, don't sue, you get the picture. This is a fic based 
on the OAV, where Tenchi and Mihoshi get their groove on...

Metalhead Tenchi!
________________________________________________________________________________
______________________________

Written by Ultima Trev the Psychotic (superultimatrev@netscape.net)


Setting: Tenchi's room...

Tenchi is having a bad dream, "Stop this Kagato! Stop it or I'll..."

Of course a certain space pirate is watching over him, * What the Hell is he 
mumbling about? *

"They're all dead. It's all my fault; I wasn't strong enough to save them..."

Ryoko: * Tenchi? *

Ryoko then shrugs and flies off. A couple minutes later, the alarm clock set for 
7:00am goes off. He yawns a mighty yawn and shows a look of relief.

"Thank God, it was just a dream."

Later Tenchi goes into the kitchen, where Sasami is doing household chores...

"Don't come in here, I'm mopping..."

"What's that Sasa-whoa-whoa, WHOA!!"

THUD!! Tenchi has slipped, fell, and lost consciousness...

"Tenchi!"

Ayeka heard the loud thud and rushed to the scene, "What happened?"

Sasami sighed, "He slid on the wet floor, and fell pretty hard."

"My God, is he going to be alright?!"

Ryoko then phases out of nowhere, "What happened?!"

Later in Washu's lab...

The professor had a serious look on her face, "He will be just fine, although he 
will never be the same."

Ayeka questions the scientist judgment, "Washu, that doesn't make any sense."

Washu: "I mean that fall must have been very hard, because he is in an amnesia."

Sasami, Ryoko, and Ayeka scream in horror, "WHAT?!!"

"I'm sorry, there's nothing that we can do."

Several hours later, Mihoshi was in Washu's lab, intent on fooling around with 
the ultrasound equipment...

"Poor Tenchi" Mihoshi wasn't a naive fool like everyone thought. In fact, she's 
the smartest in the household next to Washu. She then thinks, "Then again, if 
he's in amnesia, I'll be able to convince him I am his lover." She then grins, * 
I bet Ryoko and Ayeka never thought of this. *

While Waiting for Tenchi to awaken, Mihoshi puts on her Discman headphones and 
jams to some music. Mihoshi didn't share the musical interest of the others. The 
others took more of a liking to Megumi Hayashibara and Two Mix, while Mihoshi 
had quite a morbid taste. She liked in particular DEATH, Morbid Angel, Cannibal 
Corpse, Slayer, Napalm Death, and Deicide. All six of those bands were on a tour 
called 'The Psychos from Hell.' Since it is tomorrow that they were playing in 
Okayama, Mihoshi has a scheme...

Mihoshi thought to herself, * If I can get Tenchi to appreciate Thrash / Death 
Metal, he's as good as mine. I'll sneak him out to the concert and give him a 
dose of Metalhead syndrome. * 

It was about 1:00pm the next day when Tenchi had awakened from his slumber. At 
his side was Mihoshi, who was head banging to some good, old fashion "Alter of 
Sacrifice" by Slayer.

Tenchi was still only three-quarters conscious, "Oh man, what happened? Who are 
you?"

"I am Mihoshi, your girlfriend."

"Strange, I don't remember having a girlfriend."

"Oh well, we should get ready for the Psychos from Hell concert."

"What's that?"

Mihoshi smirks, "You'll find out soon enough."

To be sneaky, Mihoshi uses one of Washu's personal teleporting devices and 
transports them to Mihoshi's room.

Mihoshi walks to the door and locks it, "Tenchi, you wait right here. I am going 
to get changed, and I expect you not to peep."

"I will do as you say."

Mihoshi then enters the closet and shuts the door behind her. Five minute later, 
she comes out wearing a blue G-string bikini with a translucent blue mini-skirt. 
When Tenchi sees this, he has massive blood running down his nose.

Mihoshi then uses a deep, seductive tone. "My-my, you are a naughty one."

Tenchi blushes, "Oh, sorry about that."

Mihoshi then grabs Tenchi's hand, then she sets the personal teleporting 
device's coordinates for a telephone booth outside the concert hall...

Mihoshi feels a squeeze, "Jesus Christ!! It sure is crowded in here. You're 
closest to the door, so you get out first."

"Sure."

Once they get out of the phone booth, they proceed to the ticket booth and 
purchase front row tickets. They are also handed programs for the show.

The program reads:

1. Deicide - When Satan Rules his World

2. Napalm Death - Suffer the Children

3. DEATH - Choke on It!

4. Morbid Angel - God of Emptiness

5. Cannibal Corpse - Stripped, Strangled, and Raped

6. Slayer - Angel of Death

Up until the Cannibal Corpse portion of the show, the were having some good 
times. Metalheads everywhere were jumping up and down and thrashing their heads. 
Now we go to Stripped, Strangled, and Raped...

Chris Barnes is up on stage ripping it up! "THEY THINK THEY KNOW WHO I AM!! ALL 
I KNOW IS I LOVE TO KILL!! FACE DOWN, DEAD ON THE GROUND!! FIND ME BEFORE 
ANOTHER IS FOUND!!"

In order to be heard, you'd have to scream...

Tenchi is bursting with excitement, "This is Great! Revolutionary even! I love 
it!"

Mihoshi: "Really?! I'm glad you like it! In fact, I was hoping that you would!"

Next, Some mainstream lover comes up and tries to hit on Mihoshi...

"Yo bitch, why are you here listening to this shit?! A couple miles away there's 
a New Kids on the Block concert, and I have tickets! Come on, Metal sucks!"

Mihoshi sighs, "I'm not interested, but thanks any way!"

"I'm not giving you a choice bitch! You're gonna listen to some AAA-Grade Pop 
Music and get away from this Metal bullshit!"

The S.O.B. then slaps her pretty hard...

"Come with me or die, bitch!"

Chris Barnes sees what's going on, and doesn't like it. He signals for the band 
to stop. "Hey man, what the Hell you do you think your doing?"

"Yo G, this music fucking sucks. Yo band must be fuckin' high to play that bad. 
I'm gonna teach this bitch what good music really is."

Barnes then whispers to one of the band mates, "Alex, give me your spare bass."

Bassist Alex Webster then throws his spare bass guitar to Barnes. Barnes then 
throws the guitar to Tenchi.

Barnes then gives Tenchi a word of advice, "Dude, don't let him treat your woman 
like that, bash him upside the head! 

Tenchi then steps in to manhood with one swing. POW!! The bass is busted over 
the head of  Mihoshi's attacker. He's out of commission. When the music resumes, 
he is tossed into the mosh pit and trampled to death.

After Cannibal Corpse finishes, they announce Slayer's RV is a little behind 
schedule and won't be ready to play for another half-hour. But it's all
good, Mihoshi escorts Tenchi into the Unisex restroom. Mihoshi pushes Tenchi on 
to a chair and begins to do a little freak dance.

Tenchi is getting nervous, "Wha-wha-what are you doing?"

Mihoshi uses her seductive voice again, "I'm going to give you pleasure."

Mihoshi then slides down her mini-skirt little by little, slowly revealing her 
finely toned buttocks. Tenchi's nose bleeds once again. Next, she grinds her ass 
on his now growing erection.

Mihoshi smirks, "It's about time you had your blood rush to the right spot."

Tenchi blushes a dark red. Mihoshi's grin grew more mischievous, and with that 
she slowly unties her top.  She holds the cups, slowly sliding the top down...

Tenchi thinks to himself, * She's gorgeous. * Since his memory is mostly blank, 
he just had to ask. "Have we ever done this before?"

Mihoshi sighs, "I'm afraid we haven't."

Once Mihoshi is 100% topless, Tenchi's erection has reached a full six and one 
half inches. (the size most females prefer I might add)

Tenchi then blurts out, "Good God, you are HOT!!"

Mihoshi smiles, then grinds a little harder...

Tenchi feels it,  "Please slow down, I'm about to..."

Mihoshi is then overjoyed, "Really? I'll have to do something about that."

Mihoshi then unzips Tenchi's pants and sticks his erection in her mouth. She 
sucks so hard his cock is deprived of air. Her warm, moist mouth is giving him 
the willies, forcing him to download in her mouth. Mihoshi swallows hard.

"Oh Tenchi, that was the best I've ever tasted. Now I want you to taste me."

Mihoshi removes the panties, revealing her cleanly shaved beaver...

Both of Tenchi's nostrils then pour out blood, "This is unreal..."

"Well, I think you know what to do."

Tenchi nods, plants a soft kiss on the shaft of Mihoshi's clitoris. Mihoshi lets 
out a small moan.

"Did I do alright?" Tenchi asked.

"Alright? You did great, now give me more!"

Tenchi then dives his tongue into the inner region of Mihoshi's genitalia. 
Tenchi's swirls around like a shake mixer as it penetrates the walls of 
Mihoshi's member.

Mihoshi: "Oh Tenchi, Tenchi, Tenchi! Make me cum!"

Tenchi then puts more force into his tongue, as he scrapes it against her sacred 
walls. Mihoshi moans in much delight, and squirts girl cum on to Tenchi tongue. 
Tenchi swallows it, and is quite delighted at the taste.

"Not bad Mihoshi, not bad at all."

Mihoshi and Tenchi then draw each other into a soft passionate kiss. They feel 
surges of energy flowing through their blood as they embark on this short but 
romantic journey.

"Tenchi, promise it will be like this forever."

Tenchi smiles, "I promise."

Several minutes later, they exit the restroom. Preparing to play is Slayer! They 
finish the evening off with the most intense show of Angel of Death they've ever 
played. All was good and well in the world, Death and Thrash  Metal were on top, 
and a loving relationship between a Juraian Prince and a GP officer was off to a 
great start. The only worry was: HOW ARE THEY GOING TO KEEP THIS RELATIONSHIP A 
SECRET?!! 

Oh yes, revising this already kick ass fic was a genius decision on my behalf. 
If you don't like EVA Muyo, that's okay. If you don't like this, I'll cry! LOL!! 
I honestly hope you had fun reading. If you must know, I take pride in both the 
Thrash and Death Metal genres. GLORY TO THE METALHEADS!!
