Hello TMFFA lovas. I'm MMike, and this is my very first lemon fic. (or fic
period) Now like all other fics I have to say that I don't own any of the
Tenchi charecters, poineer does. So.. uh... don't sue me.
PERSONNEL DISCLAIMER: I have not read every fic on the archive, so if my fic
seems similar to somebody elses, it is purely coincidentle and you may
notify me if you like. Now for da fic.

*scene sets on Mihoshi and Kiyones apartment. Kiyone in the living room
watching TV, and Mihoshi in their room naked with her 4-week boyfriend,
Mike.(No comment)*

Mihoshi: *rolls off Mike* Wow, that was great Mike. *giggles and picks up a
cup of tea from the nightstand*

Mike: Er.. yeah. Mihoshi, I have to tell you something.

Mihoshi: *blank stare*

Mike: Mihoshi, you're hot and are great company, but I think we should move
on. Getting to the point: I'm breaking up with you.

Mihoshi: WHAAT? WHY? *bounces on bed and accidently spills hot tea on Mike's
bare chest*

Mike: *biting lower lip* T-t-there's one reason...

Mihoshi: oh... my... god.... WAAAAAAH! *puts on robe and runs out door*
WAAAAAAAH! *storms out of apartment*

Kiyone: *looking over* What the fuck?

Mike: *walks from bedroom in robe* I think she took it a little too hard.

Kiyone: You mean.. you broke up with her??

Mike: *grins* Yup. You know what that means...

Kiyone: DO I! I've been waiting forever for this! *tears off her clothes as
fast as she can and jumps on Mike*

Mike: *takes off robe* Hell yea! *lays Kiyone on kitchen table and enters
her deep, wet pussy*

Kiyone: oooooooooohhhhhhhh

Mike: *pushes in and out of her lucious thighs, shaking the table violently*

~~scene shifts to the Masaki residance, where robe-clad Mishoshi burst
through the door~~

Mihoshi: THIS IS THE WORST DAY OF MY LIIIIIIFE!

Tenchi: *walks in* Mihoshi, what's wrong? *notices she's only wearing a
robe* Long story, huh?

~~Ryoko, Sasami and Aeka walk in~~

Ryoko: The hell? Mihoshi, put some god-damn clothes on for shikes sake!

Mihoshi: Miiiike left meeeeee, *sob*

Ryoko: You mean he finally came out of the closet?

Mihoshi: *sobs louder*

Tenchi: Ryoko, you're only making things worse!

Aeka: Natch

Ryoko: Wanna take this outside bitch?

Aeka: You bet your whore-ass I do! *runs outside forming an energy ball*

Ryoko: *follows*

Sasami: There there Mihoshi, it'll be alright. I'm making fettacinni
tonight, so you can stay for the night.

Mihoshi: *smiles and wipes a tear from here eye* Okay. Thanks Sasami.

~~Hours later, after dinner, Mihoshi skips happilly to the onsen (what's a
lemon without an onsen scene?) singing.~~

Mihoshi: Iiii'm sooo over him, sooooo oooover *trips* shit *gets up* hiiim,
eeever sooo oooveeeer hiii- *trips again* shit *gets up again* iiiim.
*notices Tenchi walking to the onsen with a towel and stops dead in her
tracks*

Tenchi: *walks in onsen*

Mihoshi: Oh my god. I'm getting this weird feeling... *gets a plan* I'll
just pretend I didn't know he was there! *hesitates, then wlaks through the
onsen door*

--------------------------------------
Hey, guess what kiddies? It's cliffhanger time!! I will continue this fic at
a later date. And I have to say I'm proud as hell of it!! If you are too,
e-mail me at
m_mike_99@hotmail.com
