                     Misty Waterflower
                     sasami_misty@hotmail.com
                My love for Tenchi (from Sasami's point of view)
                      lemon
        Sasami confesses to Tenchi that she loves him

i don't own Tenchi Muyo and Sasami is 14 years old and Tenchi is 17.

                       My love for Tenchi
It all started when i got up to make breakfast in the Masaki house.As i shut
my door I was glad Tenchi had built me my own room,so i didn't wake
My sister Aeka,or Ryoko, Washu,Mihoshi,Kiyone.So then I passed Tenchi's room
and I notised it was open so I went in to cheak that Ryoko wasn't hurting
him,I gave a sigh of relif to see Tench asleep in his bed.I left so I could
start on breakfast,after I got breakfast started i quietly creeped it his
room.Tenchi was still asleep,i went in and my heart started to pound,i loved
Tenchi ever since I met him but i don't chase after him because it's useless
to force some one to love you,i kneeled at his bed side and i picked up his
hand and placed it agenst my cheek.i got up and cleaned his room and when i
was done i kissed him on the fore-head,then left.It was about 9:00am when
everyone came to the table to eat as they did i got out more plates for more
helpings then i heared Tenchi say"Last night I had a weired dream that
Sasami kissed me", <CRASH> I dropped some plates,how did he know that i
kissed him so i was picking up the broken plates when it sliped and cut me
it was a deep cut but i wraped it in a cloth so i could finish up. Later on
that day it was 4:00pm i went in to Tenchi's room to get something for him
and i looked at one of his manga books and read it it was "star wars" and at
a part two people kissed after the girl called him a scoundrell. so i tooked
it for later. That night i had a nightmare"i saw tenchi and ryo-oh-ki get
murdered and everyone blamed me, stop please i didn't do it.OH THEN WHY DO
YOU HAVE BLOOD STAINS ALL OVER YOU.no i don't  have blood on me what is this
,no let me go AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH
HHHHHHHHHHHHHEEEEEEEEEEEEELLLLLLLLPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE.Ah i felt so scared so i went down
stares to see if every one was ok . i looked in tenchi's room and he wasn't
there so i went in to his bed and cryed then all of a sudden i heard Tenchi
whisper "sasami whats wrong why are you crying"?"Oh i'm sorry lord Tenchi i
didn't mean to wake you up,i was going to leave when Tenchi wanted to know
what happed as i told him I saw the consern in his loving eyes.when i had
finished i asked"tenchi let me stay with you please","ok sasami he said.He
led me to his bed and as i got in he wraped his arms a round me and we fell
asleep.Unkowned to us Ryoko decited to do some thing  with tenchi but she
saw me in his bed his arms wraped around me and she screamed "AEKA EVERYONE
GET DOWN HERE" That woke every one up but not me or Tenchi.Then as we slept
Aeka grabed Tenchi and screamed"HOW DARE YOU FUCK MY LITTLE SISTER YOU
BASTERED"
I woke up when Ryoko was about to hit him so i jumped and took the
blow."Sasami what did he do to you,cause i'll take care of him'" said
Ryoko,Aeka,Washu,and Mihoshi. "STOP LEAVE TENCHI ALONE HE DIDN'T DO ANY
THING TO ME I GOT SCARED AND I ASKED IF I COULD STAY WITH HIM SO STOP IT" I
screamed "Sasami you don't understand that he couldn't love you" said washu
"No you don't understand that even if he didn't care about us then i still
would l..l..lo..v..e him.i said ,"You what"said Aeka,"I said i love Tenchi
Masaki as much as you did maybe even more!Right there i broke into tears and
ran to my room and locked the
door.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
after two days in my room i went out of my room to take a bath when i ran
into Tench i tryed to run but Tenchi held me. Please let me go I said
"Sasami i need to talk to you" so we went in his room and he locked
the door,I moved to his bed and he got down one knee and took out a black
box and said "Princess Sasami of Juri will you Marry me" I welled up in
tears and said "Yes..yes i'll marry you Tenchi"I said and I huged him then
we kissed,I let his tounge go in my mouth and explore,while he held
me.Thenhe started to take of the light blue tank top I was wearing and un
lack the front of my size c-cup bra<big for my age huh?> we broke the kiss
as he lowered his head down to my breast and took hold of one and kneded it
and took the other in to his mouth,i gave a low moan in that it felt so
wonderful,"Lord Tenchi"I said,He looked up from his work on me and said"yes
my darling","Tenchi please violate my innosent skin make me want you more
then I do now make ME pleasure you,for now I'm yours to play with,to toy
with to do what ever you desire my love"He gave me another sweet kiss,he
tasted like a sweet drink that you crave.Then he layed me down and undid mt
blue-jean shorts and tossed them aside with my bra and top.He gased at my
panties they were  white with no frills but had a latch to open them.as he
opened them he kissed my area until i came,"what a naughty girl I'll have to
clean you up" said Tenchi"oh yes please tenchi"i said.Tenchi began to lick
my pussy"OOOHHH TENCHI"I moaned he opened me up and looked in me to find my
treasures that i said were now his for the taking.As he continued to lick me
i was coming ever closer to cumming then he licked my jewel and thats all it
took,"TENCHI!!!!" I screamed he opened his mouth wide so he wouldn't miss a
drop."oh God tenchi",i whispered.I tryed to get up but Tenchi said"Sasami
let me do it" he let me watch him undress.I watched wide eyed as i saw his
bare cheast.It was covered with muscles from his hard work and training with
Yosho.Then i saw what all of the girls in the house would die to see I gazed
at his huge dick.As soon as i saw it i pulled it to my mouth  and i sucked
it,licked itand made Tenchi grip the bed in pleasure."Oh Sasami your so
uuhh" It didn't take him long to cum."SASAMI"Tenchi screamed I opened my
mouth to drink him,man his cum was soo good but it was salty.After Tenchi
was up again he Kissed me and tasted him self I too had tasted myself on him
I had no clue i tasted like cotten candie. He pined me on his bed and placed
a rubber on his dick that was between my pussy lips and said "Sasami Do yo
want me to have intercorce with you"? I said yes but be gentel it's my first
time".It's also mine said  Tenchi as he pushed it in i felt my virginity
being riped inside.I didn't scream but i shed a tear.Tenchi i guess saw it
and licked it and said "now there will only be joy", and he pushed it slowly
and then went faster and faster."Oh sasami yes" said tenchi I let out a moan
of pleasure as he kept on fucking me it felt so good after awhile a new
feeling was building up i needed tenchi to go harder and deeper for some
reason.OH tenchi do it harder please", he did it was so good he made me moan
for him and want him to be with me forever.But then I cummed and
hard"TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTEEEEEEEEEEEENNNNNNNNNNNNCCCCCCCCCHHHHHHHHHHHIIIIII"!as
i screamed he still pumped himself never stoping then he came in me as i
orgasumed again with him"SSSSAAAASSSSAAAAMMMMIIII","TTTEEENNNCCCHHHIII!
Tenchi climbed off me
and said "sasami your the best thats why your my fiannc`e" then he kissed
me. After 4 hours of sleep and a shower together we got dressed and told
them"WE'RE GETTING MARRIED" Then Ryoko and Aeka began to cry in defete and i
Told them  it was ok  but they would live with it then as we were celebratin
the house began to rummble and a tracter beam surrond me and we saw Kagato
in all his Evil glory staring at me and the last thing I remember was Tenchi
was screaming"NO SASAMI COME BACK I LOVE YOU I NEED YOU,LET HER GO KAGATO
then........................................
TO BE CONTINUED
so how did you like it e-mail me at Sasami_misty@hotmail.com
