This is a story about how two new characters in the Tenchi series "spice" up
some of the girls sex life.  Bear with me in the beginning (I know it's a
lemon, but I need to write a small story so it not all screwed up).

                New Men in the House

    Since the Masaki had been pretty boring since Tenchi had hooked up with
Ryoko, besides the occasional monster, Washu thought it would be fun to have
some new men/protectors around the house.  So she built a time machine to
transport some medieval knight to the house.  Knowing Washu they knew she
probably mess up and she did.

    So this is where I come in, my friend Glen and my self are in our last
year of collage on spring break in England.  We're on this beach right near
a
famous battle sight.  We were heading for the snack house when this weird
light hit us and sent us to the Masaki house.

    Glen and I awaken in Washu's lab.  She explains to us that something
went
wrong and she merged us with two knights as well as sending us there.  We're
stunned, then I notice I had a strange pistol strapped to my new clothes,
(which had been put on me when I merged) so did Glen.  For some Reason we
both new how to use them and how powerful they really were.

    So Glen and I stayed at the Masaki house protecting it from a whole
bunch
of demons, which seemed to pop up after we arrived.  Plus Washu added a new
addition to the house tat gave Glen and me our own rooms and the boys a
bigger bath.

    One night I was up in my room watching TV and polishing my gun while on
my bed when there was a knock at the door.  I said, "Who is it?"

    "It's me Aeka," said the voice from outside my door, "can I come in?"

    I said, "shore."

    She walks in slightly blushing; she was asking me to do her a favor.
Suddenly I heard a charging sound from outside, I knew it was one of those
demons, I grabbed Aeka and tried to get her away from the view of the window
but it was too late.  Even though I did move her mostly out of the way, she
still got hit pretty hard.  She lied on my bed moaning I knew she probably
wouldn't die, but I called Washu up to my room to help heal her.

    I looked out the window and saw this ugly demon that looks like this kid
Alex from school.  Being really pissed off I grabbed my gun and pushed the
button on the side.  Almost instantly the grip locked onto my wrist and the
front turned into a sword.  I jumped out the broken window and stabbed that
ugly SOB right in the throat and pulled the trigger and it flew back wounded
a couple of feet.

    Surprisingly it got up and shot me into the side of the house.  As it
started to walk closer I hear another shot; it was Glen with his PP7/cannon
gun.  The beast screamed in agony as fire surrounded its body.  I got up and
both Glen and I fired at the same time sending the demon, unconscious, into
the lake where it drowned.

            (Now it gets better now we have a slight storyboard)

    I get back into the house and check on Aeka.  Washu had already healed
her and was giving her some super aspirin when I walked into Washu's lab. I
asked, "Is she all right?"

    Washu said she's fine since I was gotten her out of the direct like of
fire.  I escorted Aeka to Her room and put her on her bed.  I want back to
my
room to rest and watch more TV.

    Again there's a knock at the door and it was Aeka again and she was now
in a purple nightgown.  I said, "Is every thing all right?"

    She said, "Oh I'm fine I was just wandering if I could stay with you in
your room for tonight, I'm still a little frightened from earlier."

    I said, "O.K. you can stay with me."  To my surprise instead of asking
me
to pull out the extra bed she got in the same bed as me and rested her head
on my chest.

    We just lied there in my bed watching TV.  After an hour or so she said,
" I'm hot, I'm going to take off this hot nightgown."

    After taking it off I noticed all she had on was thin almost completely
transparent silk underwear.  Looking at her I got a real bad boner.  I think
she noticed because the next thing she said was, "David, I feel like I have
to repay you somehow for earlier."

    I looked at her with one eyebrow up as she began to strip me out of my
clothes.  First she took off my shirt, then my pants, and then my boxers.
Seeing I was already horny she took off her bra and panties.  She pushed me
down on the bed and then she got on top of me.

    I looked at her huge breasts as she put my dick in her shaved pussy.
She
began to ride me; she slides up and down, back and forward slowly.  Then
she's riding me as fast as she can!

    Seeing I was about to cum she slowed down and whispered into my ear, "I
want to savor this."  And with that it cummed inside her.  She said that I
didn't have to worry because she has some type built in Juri royal condom
that only goes away when she's married.

    Then I grabbed her and flipped her over and gave her, her turn.  I
humped
the horny princess until she came too.

    Being both tired from the earlier battle and the great sex we just had,
we shut off the TV and the lights and went to sleep with her head on my
chest.

    When I woke up I saw that Aeka was still there passed out from the night
before.  I kissed her on the forehead a couple of times and then she woke
up.
 Not sounding upset or anything, actually sounding quite pleased she said, "
I better go get changed for breakfast."

    I did so too and all during breakfast she kept rubbing her foot up and
down my leg.  After breakfast I was able to talk with Glen, I told him what
happened the night before, he looked a little shocked and said the same
thing
happened with him and Kyone.

    Later that night, Aeka came in again and just lied down with me in my
bed.  All she said was, "I think I'm in love with you."

    I said the same and we kissed and she seemed to fall asleep.  In my mind
I thought, hey I'm in a huge house with great food and to top it off a hot
girl that's in love with me.  Then I thought, earlier I was thinking about
leaving this place, now I knew I was definitely staying.

    For the next couple of months Aeka and I, plus Glen and Kyone had casual
sex almost every night.  The something unexpected happenedâ€¦..

    I hope you liked the story it's my first one so please don't criticize
it
too much.  And please don't rip me off by copying it and selling it.  I hope
you'll look forward to my next story: Aeka Has Been Kidnapped!

                    -Dave
