                        NO NEED FOR SECRETS

tenchi woke up one morning having a feeling today was different. he walked
down stairs to have breakfast as useual. ryoko and ayeka were at it as
useual. then tenchi went to the carrot feild and plowed them. when his work
was done he went to take a nap. when he walked in ryoko takeld him onto the
bed. "what are you doing ryoko" yelled tenchi. "just trying to get you away
from ayeka so i can have some fun" purred ryoko. then ryoko charged a freeze
beam at tenchi.then kdaman popped in and stopped the freese blast. "Oh u are
soo much cuter than tenchi! said ryoko. "WHAT?" said tenchi. "i dont
understand ether"kdaman said. "hmm who sould i chose" said ryoko. "hey
ayeka"
yelled ryoko. then ayeka walked in to the room. "what do u want" said ayeka.
u can have tenchi i want kdaman. said ryoko. i think were in troble said
tenchi. i think you're right said k da man. lets get outta here yelled
tenchi. im behind u said kdaman. u cant escape from us they both yelled.
then
ayeka used her forcefield and trapped tenchi and kdaman. i dont want to
think
whats gonna happen next said tenchi. i can save us said kdaman. then kdaman
used his powers and broke them out. way to go, now lets get outta here said
tenchi. i know a way out said kdaman. come ko-ohki said kdaman. then a
spaceshp lik ryo-ohki flew overhead. then tenchi and kdaman went inside and
flew away, soon to be followed by ryoko and ayeka. please leave us alone
yelled tenchi! then ayeka and ryoko boarded the ship and chasesd kdaman and
tenchi until they caught them. then they rapped them madly. the next day
tenchi and kdaman woke up inside the misaki househould in tenchi's room. i
quess it was a dream said tenchi. i quess so said kdaman. i wouldnt say than
said ryoko and ayeka. oh god said tenchi and kdaman and slowly went under
the
blankets. That day went by smoothly (and KDAMAN is now part of the Misaki
gang). "i'm getting tired of this said tenchi. "i know what you mean we've
been rapped 6 times today and it's only 3 o'clock." said KDAMAN. "oh boys."
said ayeka and ryoko. "oh no here we go again." said tenchi. then they were
rapped for the 7th time that day. "tenchi i've come back for you." said
kagato. "oh shut up." said tenchi as he formed the light hawk wings and blew
him away. "sweet!" said KDAMAN. "yeah i know." replied tenchi. "ha! that was
mu shadow." said kagato as he came back. "oh yeah well im am stronger than
tenchi." said KDAMAN as he formed the 10 light hawk wings and killed kagato
for the final time. "how did you do that!? i thought that only jurians could
form the lhw?" said tenchi. "thats the thing im your cousin your mother had
a
sister that noone told you about." said KDAMAN. " wow i never knew that."
said tenchi. "duh! thats what i just told you." said KDAMAN. "man everyone
has to hear this one." said tenchi.
at dinner......
"everyone i have something to tell you." said tenchi. "what is it lord
tenchi." said ayeka. "KDAMAN is my cousin." said tenchi. "yeah we knew
that."
said ryoko. "what?? how?" said tenchi. "well he told us while you were out
in
the fields." said ayeka. "why did you tell me last?" said tenchi. "well i
told you last cause i knew you whould freek out." answerd KDAMAN. "k." said
tenchi.*beep beep* "oh man it's time for our 7'o clock rapping" said KDAMAN.
1 hour later..... "man this is getting old really fast." said KDAMAN. "yeah
i
know." said tenchi. back in tenchi's room thae girls were talking. " i'm
getting tired of tenchi. wanna switch?" said ayeka. " and leave my man get
real ayeka." answerd ryoko. "KDAMAN is not your man! he's mine!" said ayeka.
"KDAMAN is mine!" yelled ryoko as they broke into a fist fight. "yes
finally!" said tenchi. "what is it?" said KDAMAN. "they don' like me anymore
they want you." said tenchi. "oh man." said KDAMAN. " i whouldn't say it's
over yet. said kyone seductivly. when tenchi turned around he saw kyone and
mihoshi in their underwhare. tench then gets an instint nose bleed. then
tenchi was drug off into miho-kyo's room. "help me!" shouted tenchi. "oh
suck
it ip you wuss!" said KDAMAN.

to be continued......

hope you liked my fic please send me your coments.

the end



ps im kdaman
