 Look, this is a blunt lemon ff because I don't like to go into detail about
them having sex. It's kind of disgusting. This Fan Fic is for those who
aren't allowed to read any of the other dirty fan fics.


    "Rise and shine!" Sasami ran through  the house waking everyone up.
"Breakfast is ready!" Tenchi opened his door. "I'll be there in a minute,
Sasami," he said, buttoning up his shirt.
    Sasami giggled. "Ok, Tenchi." She ran downstairs. Ryoko and Mihoshi were
already there. Ryoko, as usual, had already finished her breakfast and was
already wolfing down Ayeka's. "Ryoko!" Sasami said, pulling her sisters
plate
away from her. "Must you always do that?"
    "What?" Ryoko pouted. "I'm hungry!" and with that, she faded out.
    Sasami rolled her eyes and refilled Ayeka's plate.
    "Good morning little sis!" Ayeka said as she, Tenchi, Kiyone, and Washu
walked into the dining room.
    "Morning Ayeka! Morning Tenchi!" Sasami said, serving them.
    "Sit here, Kiyone!" Mihoshi said, patting the seat beside her. Her elbow
accidentally knocked a glass over. It fell of the table and shattered.
    "Mihoshi! You clumsy... Ooh!" Kiyone buried her face in her hands and
took the seat beside Mihoshi.
    Tenchi came with a broom and swept up the pieces of broken glass.
    "Oh, I hope you don't mind," Washu said, her mouth full of food, "I made
a few adjustments to your wall."
    "What... kind.. of ajustments, Wahsu?" Ayeka asked.
    Washu pulled out a remote and pressed a button. The wall turned into a
TV
with their favorite Soap opra!
    All the girls 'oohed and aahed.'
    "Oh Tenchi! Do you think Greg will ever get out of his coma alive?"
Ayeka
asked, her eyes full of tears.
    Tenchi didn't answer. He was too busy staring at Mihoshi.
    "Tenchi?" Ayeka noticed he was staring at Mihoshi. She wacked him.
"Tenchi!"
    "Ow! What is it Ayeka?"
    "Um..." Ayeka blushed. "Um... I just wanted to make sure you weren't
um... dead, Tenchi... I mean, you didn't answer me..."
    "DEAD? Why would I be dead?" Tenchi asked. Bored to death, he got up,
went to his room, and shut the door.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

    That night, Mihoshi just couldn't sleep. She kept tossing and turning.
"Oh!" She said to herself. "I'm soooo hungry!'' So getting out of bed as
quietly as she could so she wouldn't wake Kiyone she opened the door and
stepped out.
    "Mihoshi?" Mihoshi jumped at the sound of Tenchi's voice.
    "Oh, Tenchi, you scared me!" Mihoshi said.
    "Um... Mihoshi? Will you come with me?" Tenchi asked.
    "Sure." Tenchi lead Mihoshi to the bathroom. Once in, he locked the
door,
reached into his pocket, and pulled out a red velvet box. He opened the box.
Inside was a ring.
 The ring was gold with a white diamond circled with Saffires. "M-M-Mihoshi?
W-w-w-will you m-m-marry me?"
    Her eyes filled with tears as she nodded. "Oh, Tenchi! How could I say
no?" She collapsed, crying into his arms.
    After a few minutes, her sobs subsided and their lips locked into a
kiss.
"Tenchi, I think we better get to bed now," Mihoshi said, a little sad to
leave.
    "Yea, I guess so." Tenchi sounded almost as reluctant as she did.
Opening
the door, Ayeka toppled in with a glass in her hand. She had obviously been
listening.
    "Ayeka!" Tenchi and Mihoshi said at the same time.
    "Dammit, Tenchi! How could you!? That wedding ring should be mine!" She
grabbed it out of his hand. "Oh Tenchi! It's beautiful! I've been waiting
for
this day my whole life!" Ayeka said, taking the ring out of the velvet box
and putting it on her  finger. She started cuddling up to Tenchi and layed
her head on his shoulder. He stepped out from under her and she fell to the
ground.
    "Oh, Tenchi!" She said, tears streaming down her face. "You can really
be
serious about marrying that dimwit, can you?"
    "Yes, and she's not a dim-wit!" Tenchi defended Mihoshi.
    "Well then, I guess I'll just have to... get rid of her!" She pulled out
a sword and stabbed it through Mihoshi's head.

           *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~TO BE CONTINUED*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

 I hope you enjoy my story. Part 2 will be coming soon.
 PS: Mihoshi ain't dead yet... Ü
