 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
 NOTE: This will make the most sense if you read the 2 &1st parts first.
Text
*in-between the asterous* (*these are thoughts*) are thoughts.


    Slowly, Tenchi untied the sash of Mihoshi's nightgown. Mihoshi slipped
out of it. She felt kind of awkward standing there wearing nothing but her
panties (she doesn't wear bras at night) in front of Tenchi, even if they
were getting married.
    Tenchi untied his boxers and pulled them down.
    Mihoshi blushed as she looked at his... manhood. *God, it's so... big!*
she thought.
    Uncertainly, she laid down on the bed with Tenchi and they started
kissing. Mihoshi felt Tenchi's tongue in her mouth, and was surprised that
her own tongue was in Tenchi's. Slowly, Tenchi worked his way down until he
was at her breasts. He kissed them, and then started licking them.
    Mihoshi laughed. "Oh Tenchi! That tickles!" *But it feels so good!*
    After playing around with her breasts for a while, he decided to start
moving again. Down farther and farther... he removed her panties and kissed
around in that area for a while.
    Mihoshi, still laughing, said, "Tenchi, let me have a turn!"
    So, Tenchi sprawled out on the bed and let Mihoshi lick around for a
while. She spent a longer time on his thing then on any other part of his
body. *Hmm... It tastes like Sasami's banana bread...* She thought. *I
wonder
if the bread Ryoko was talking about is still in the oven...*
    After they each had their fill of kissing, licking and even softly
biting, Tenchi stood up. *Ok, here goes nothing...* he thought. ''Um...
Mihoshi, I promise you this won't hurt a bit. (*I hope...*) Spread your
legs."
    Mihoshi gulped and did as she was told. Just as Tenchi was about to
stick
it in, Mihoshi jumped back.
    "Oh, Tenchi!" Mihoshi said, tears streaming down her face. "I'm sorry,
but I'm just not ready!" She looked at Tenchi. *he looks a little
relieved...
huh? but Ryoko said...*
    "That's great!" Tenchi said. "To tell you the truth, I didn't want to do
it either!"
    Mihoshi smiled. "Maybe someday we can do that, but for now, lets just
stick to kissing."
    "Sure."
    "Oh, and promise me one more thing Tenchi."
    "What?"
    "Promise me that we'll have our wedding tomorrow before Ayeka finds a
way
to break out of the linen closet."
    Tenchi laughed. "Sure... darling."
 *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

 Part 4 is comming soon. I'm sorry for those of you who were disappointed
because 'Mihoshi didn't go through with it' I'm sorry, but I just don't like
writing about that.
 PS:in part 4, let's just say that Tenchi and Mihoshi didn't have their
wedding *soon enough...* Ü
