~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

   Kiyone helped Mihoshi put the finishing touches to her wedding gown.
   "Oh, Kiyone!" Mihoshi moaned. "What if Tenchi decides he doesn't love me
any more? What if this whole marrage thing was just a dream? What if he
asked
Ryoko and Ayeka to marry him behind my back and he's just going to leave me
at the alter?
What if-" Mihoshi rambled on.
   "If you don't shut up, I'm going to clock you," Kiyone said, pinning a
rose in Mihoshi's hair. "Just try and think of good things. And I mean THINK
them!"

 *~*~*~*~*Meanwhile*~*~*~*~*

   Tenchi finished buttoning up his shirt and smiled. He had been waiting
for
this day for so long. Finally, he could be rid of the annoying girls that
were always bothering him.
   Somthing was nagging Tenchi in the back of his mind. Something bad... He
gulped and ignored it. Hey, this was his wedding day! He was susposed to be
wrapped up in this blanket of bliss, with no worries and no cares. But
still...
   He realized he had to go to the bathroom again, so, locking the door
behind him, he relieved his bladder for the 5th time in 2 hours. All the
excitement was really getting to him.
   The bad thought was still pestering him, wanting to be taken seriously.
But Tenchi focused his mind on what Mihoshi would look like in her wedding
dress.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*An hour later...*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
   "Oh, Kiyone, I'm so nervous!" Mihoshi said, fingering her bouque.
   "Don't be," Kiyone said. She was dressed up in her brides maid dress: a
beautiful blue gown with real roses sewn around the hem. Her hair was piled
up beautifully atop her head, held there by an expensive looking saphire
comb. She was a sight for sore eyes. "In 5 minutes, you'll be heading up
that
asle. Enjoy it!"
                           *~*~*~Meanwhile in Tenchi's dressing
room...~*~*~*
   Tenchi combed his hair and went to the bathroom again. Finally ready, he
exited the room and walked down the sidewalk to the outdoor chapel where his
wedding would be held. He was getting really nervus and he was starting to
have to pee again.
*No,* he told himself. *Just hold it, Tenchi. You can't just stop in the
middle of the aisle and run back to your room to go. Just... think about
something else.*
   Suddenly, a heavy cloth bag was thrown on top of him. He heard a laugh,
and was knocked off his feet. The opening of the bag was closed and tied
shut. "Don't be afraid Tenchi, my love," and all too familiar voice said.
"Let's go elope...." Ayeka giggled like some crazy murderer. Tenchi screamed
and felt exceeding moisture in his trowsers

~~*******~~~~~~~~~*********~~~~~~~~**********~~~~~~~~~*****
Part 5 coming soon! Ü
If you really like Ayeka, then you shouldn't read the next part.

