No Need for a New Guest - Part 1
Legal Shiz - I don't own any characters of Tenchi Muyo, Pioneer does.  Just
writing this as a fan to the show.

No Need for a New Guest - Part 1

*****************************************************************************************************************************************************

"So, Valex, what can you do now? HAHAHAHAHA.......there is no escape from
me!!!" said an evil voice.

"I told you....ughhh....my name is not....VALEX!!" said a man.

"It doesn't matter what I call you because you won't hear your name ever
again! Hahaha 'Sean' did you really think you could beat a Zarthian like
me?" said the evil voice in a taunting manner.

"I fought because I had to...my friends escaped...that's all that matters!"
shouted Sean angrily.

"Well, I have something to tell you," said the evil voice, "I've planted a
tracking device on them, so anywhere they go, I'll be there to kill them.
Your death is a waste, but if you join me I will spare you."

"Never!" said Sean.

"Fine, I have no choice but to kill you.  Welcome Valex, TO THE END OF YOUR
LIFE!!!" said the evil voice.

"I'll never give up....BRING IT ON!!" said Sean.

"Impossible...I thought you were weakened...but it seems that you are
stronger than I thought...it seems your death will be for another day," said
the evil voice.

"Heh heh, I thought my life was going to end today Trillion, but it seems
you are too weak to kill me.  Where's all that Zarthian power you speak of?"
said Sean mockingly.

"When I come back, I'll make you pay!" said Trillion.

Trillion limps into his spacepod, and shoots off.

"Damn, I'm all out of energy....must....make it....home...." said Sean
climbing into his spacepod.

Sean pushes buttons randomly, and shoots off to a distant planet.

Its a beautiful sunny day on Earth, and the Masaki household is no
exception.  The girls relax while Tenchi works in the fields as usual.

"Damn, it's really hot out today.  I wish I didn't have to work these fields
every damn day.  Good thing Sasami gave me some nice cold lemonade," Tenchi
says to himself while he sips on his lemonade.

"Sasami, when we you ever stop working so hard?" asked Aeka.

"Well, it's the least I can do for all of the things Tenchi has done for
us," said Sasami.

"I'm sure Tenchi wouldn't want you to work day in and day out like you do.
I know that we all must help Tenchi, but just take a break for awhile, it
will do you some good." said Aeka.

"Ok sis, I will," said Sasami.

Aeka walks back into the house, and goes to her room.  She flops down on her
bed, and picks up a picture taken 2 years ago.

"It's been so long since I've crash-landed here.  I know I should go to
Jurai, but I just love it here.  I still can't believe its been 4 years,"
Aeka said to herself, thinking of the past.  "4 years since Tenchi defeated
Kagato, Professor Clay, and Yugi; I just hope that I can repay Tenchi for
all the times he's helped me out of tight spots."

Sasami finishes her work, and heads outside.

"Wow, it's so beautiful out today!" exclaimed Sasami.

"Yeah it is!" said Tenchi from behihd her.

"Eeek, Tenchi you scared me!! I didn't know you were behind me!" exclaimed
Sasami, still a bit startled.

"Well, just enjoy today Sasami.  You've earned it!" said Tenchi very
happily.

"Ok Tenchi, I will," said Sasami.

Sasami strolls through the forest, but suddenly stops due to a strange noise
coming from the forest.

"What was that?" asked Sasami still bewildered by the noise.

She runs throught the woods in search of the object that made the noise.
She stumbles upon a spacepod, and when she inspects it, a man flops on the
ground at her feet.

"Please.....help...me....I....cannot....move.....ughhh...." said Sean in
serious pain.

"Oh my god!!  What happened?" asked Sasami.

"..........." said Sean unresponsively.

Sasami sprints back to the house, and gets everyone to come help her.

"Hmmmm," said Washu as she inspects Sean.

"What's wrong with him Washu?" Sasami asked.

"He seems to be extremely exhausted from a battle of somekind.  We must take
him to my lab, so he can heal his wounds," said Washu.

Everyone pitches in to bring Sean to Washu's lab.  When they got there, they
put Sean in a healing tank of somekind.  Here Sean regains some
conciousness, and replays the battle in his head.  While he does this, Washu
sees the images displayed from his brain onto a laptop screen.

END PART 1

If I wrote this well enough, then you should be hit with a bit of suspense
right now.  When I find the time, which will be very soon, I'll get part 2
out.  No lemon yet, but there will be, just gotta let the story develop.
Well, in Part 2 of No Need for a New Guest we will see what happened in the
battle between Sean and Trillion.  Hope you liked it.  Gimme some feedback:
sptwombly87@hotmail.com

Peace all......