The Legal Info.... Cource I don own these characters the characters
belong to the creaters of Tenchi Muyo ,Tenchi Universe, and Tenchi In
Tokyo. so don sue Im broke.

 The Path Of The Traveler II:
The Name Of The Star

                   (Opening Theme: Stars Falling - Smashing Pumpkins)

 (Theme slowly fades to the end where we come to the openining scene)

  It had been a week since the boy crashed and he was still knocked out
from it. he hadn't woke up since the crash landing. He was laying naked
on the table. it was slanted to a verticil angle. he strapped on the
table to keep him from falling off. Washu annilzed for his injuries had
healed completly now all he had to do was wake up.
  *"wow!"* Washu thought for for the first time she noticed his manhood.
*" he's hung like a horse!"* she couldn't take her eyes off the large
member that the kid had. Washu looked around *"I guess nobody will
know"* Washu started to Inch towards The Boys manhood. she closed her
eyes and inched more. when she was nearly within toungue reach of the
boys large member he felt grasp of her hair, the cold steel cannon of a
blaster on her head, and she heard the click of a guns hammer.
  "Back up" the boy said. Washu did as ordered. The boy broke out of the
straps, found his clothes and his supplies, and slipped on his muscle
shirt and pants. he kept his gun pointed at Washu even as he sheathed
his bokudo to his waist. "wheres the exit to this place?"
  Washu pointed to the door too afraid to talk for she might get shot.
The boy strapped his holster around his chest where it usually was. he
ran out of the lab forgetting his overshirt and holstering his gun.
  "phew" Washu panted slouching her back.

             ***********************************************

  Meanwhile, "Tenchi!" Ryoko was flying fearfully for Tenchi.
  "Whats wrong Ryoko!?"
  Ryoko pointed behind her when she got to Tenchi. Three Longaded
shadows appeared on the ground. Tenchi looked at the source of these
shadows and gasped.
  Standing there was Kageto, Kain (I dont know much about Kain so please
bear with me), and another man in a cloak and cowel.
  "Hello Tenchi" Kageto looked at Tenchi "as you see Im back and more
powerful than usual"
  "Me too" Kain looked at Tenchi.
  "How!?" Tenchi said his voice cracking.
  Kain pointed to the other man "because of him and his master. Now
enough of reinroducing Im gonna kill you!" Kain launched at Tenchi.
  The from behind them all a blast of a blaster caught Kain right in the
eye of his mask going through it making Kain deflate killing him
instantly.
  Tenchi looked at Kiyone and Mihoshi and their blasters were still
holstered. He then looked behind him and there was the Boy holding his
blaster in his left hand.
  "Bulls eye" The kid smirked. Kageto looked at Kain deflated Kain then
disappearing and then looked at the boy. Kageto began to run away. The
kid fired another shot catching Kageto in the back of the head killing
him instantly. The man in the cloak and cowel launched at the boy
holding a staff in his hand. the boy holstered his blaster, Unsheathed
his Bokudo, parried the man, crossed with him, and killed him with that.

  Even Ryoko was amazed at the kid. "in my 2000 years Ive never seen..."
Ryoko stared.
  The boy sheathed his Bokudo. He turned to everyone making them jump
back. "who are you all?"
  "I-I-I" Tenchi was engulfed with fear.
  "spit it out theres no reason to be afraid."
  "I'm T-Tenchi" He pointed to the girls. "and these are Ryoko, Ayeka,
Sasami, Kiyone, and Mihoshi" Tenchi said for Washu was still in the lab.

  "and who was that red haired girl in the lab?"
  "The Greatest Genious In The Universe Washuuuuu!" Washu appeared in
the door way.
  "Hmm... Washu huh? well... anyway I'm Venijsha Nice to meet you. I
guess..."  Venijsha's expression changed to a half smile.
  "um... Venijsha?" Washu pointed her fingers together. "could you do me
a favor?"
  "yes as long its not what your were trying to do when I woke up!"
  "No No!" Washu waved her hands infront of her a sweat grew on her
forehead. "I was wondering" her eyes grew big and cute. "could you be
one of my Guinne Pigs!?"
  Venijsha laughed "why not? as long as you dont try that trick again"
  "YAY! I have a new Guinne Pig!" Washu jumped up
  The other girls were looking at Tenchi then at Venijsha as if
comparing and contrasting. Another boy in the house...

                                         THE END
       (ending senquince) A Picture of Venijsha walking into the set
sun, his back to the camera, the stone of the road beneath his feet. His
shadow longaded beneath him. Holding his gun over his right shoulder.
The other characters appeared walking with him one by one. and finally
Ryo-Ohki appears on the boys shoulder. the camera zooms in to Ryo-Ohki
smiling and closing eyes. (accompanied with the Closing Song - Turn The
Page - Mettalica)

  (Preview Sequince) "Hi this is Ryoko! looks like we have another boy
in the house and hes as cute as Tenchi *giggles* now... which one? (a
robot that looks like Yukinojo drops down and flips up) huh? Omega is
his name? what is it? oh well... The Next Episode of The Newest Tenchi
Series is The Path of The Traveler III: OMEGA REVIVED! (Its
Unquestionably Uncovering)
