The Legal Info.... Course I don own these characters the characters
Belong to the creators of Tenchi Muyo, Tenchi Universe, and Tenchi In
Tokyo. So don sue I’m broke.

The Path Of The Traveler VI:
A Trip To Remember

                   (Opening Theme: Stars Falling - Smashing Pumpkins)

 (Theme slowly fades to the end where we come to the opening scene)

  Tenchi was excited, throwing clothes into a suitcase. “I’m going to be
away without all these women. Only me and Kiyone…” Tenchi started to
remember…

  “Tenchi can I have a talk with you?” Kiyone approached Tenchi.
  “Sure, what about?”
  “Umm… how would you like to get away from all the girls?”
  “I would Love it!”
  “Ok good, it just so happens I’m doing my rounds and Mihoshi’s not
coming, it will be a good two weeks before you get back.”
  “Well thank you, when do we go? And how long will we be gone?”
  “Friday 1200 hours and we will return Friday Two weeks from now 1200
don’t be late…”

  Tenchi looked at his watch and it was 10:00 when he finished packing.
It was relaxing time for him.
   Then a voice came into Tenchi’s head, ‘What if Kiyone comes onto you
too?’
  “Verijsha?” Tenchi said out loud.
  ‘No the tooth fairy’ Verijsha said into Tenchi’s head sarcastically.
  “How… Oh yeah telepathy.”
  ‘No shit, Sherlock’
  “Stop being a smart ass and tell me what you mean.”
  ‘I mean Kiyone could be trying to sack you just like all the other
girls.’
  “Don’t worry, Verijsha, I’m not afraid of her coming on to me.”
  ‘Apparently not, your free balling,” the connection was closed.
  ‘How did he know?’ Tenchi fell back unto his bed.

              **********************************************

  Verijsha was looking up at the ceiling. His lips were tight, yet
relaxed as he broke the connection. He frowned, than Ryoko pounced on
his back.
  Verijsha smiled, “Hey Ryoko.”
  “Hi Verijsha, what’s up?”
  “Nothing Ryoko, just reading some minds.”
  “Oh yeah how do you do that?”
  “Practice…” Verijsha smiled.
  “Ha ha, Verijsha,”
  “Aren’t you concerned?”
  “About what?”
  “That Tenchi might loose his will with Kiyone.”
  Ryoko laughed, “Tenchi wouldn’t do that! Your kidding Verijsha!” Ryoko
continued laughing and walked off.
  “You apparently don’t know Tenchi as much as you think you know
Ryoko,” Verijsha said quietly.

              **********************************************

   Tenchi walked out of the house at 1200 hours and walked to where
Kiyone was standing.
  “Hello Tenchi, are you ready?”
  “Yeah,” Tenchi said quickly.
  “You do realize you wont see anybody for about two weeks.”
  “Yes.”
  “Ok fine lets go.” She took off her earring and held it up, “Yugami!”
  Yugami flew down ‘til it was feet off the ground. Tenchi and Kiyone
walked into the ship and into the cockpit. Tenchi sat on the right and
Kiyone on the left.
  Kiyone pressed the sequence of buttons, and Yugami blasted off. Tenchi
buckled up, for the gravity pushed against them for the first few
minutes.
  Tenchi relaxed as they exited the earth’s atmosphere. After they were
clear of the Earths Atmosphere, Kiyone, who was buckled up, unbuckled
her seat belt and stood up, as did Tenchi.
  “Your rooms down the hall to the right. It’s right across the hall
from my room. If you need anything, I’ll be in the cockpit, or just
knock on my door.”
  “Ok, Kiyone.” Tenchi took his bag and walked to the room Kiyone
assigned to him.
  Tenchi unpacked his bag, and noticed something. It was like a CD, and
something near it that looked like a CD player.
  There was a note on it “Connect, with Interface.”
  Tenchi noticed something on the back that looked like where the
battery went. He opened it and cable popped out.
  Tenchi looked around and saw an Interface on the wall, so he connected
the Lead into the Interface.
  The lights in the room dulled out and then came on. A light voice came
from around Tenchi.
  “Hello, I am Parasite Program 101.”
  Tenchi jumped back, “H-hello?”
  “Hi.”
  “P-parasite program you mean…”
  “No,” 101 stopped him, “I am meant by my creator to help you.”
  “With what?”
  “I don’t know.”
  Tenchi just realized, “Washu made you didn’t she?”
  “No, sir.”
  “Then who?”
  “His name is Verijsha.”
  “Why would he?”
  “I don’t know.”
  Tenchi sighed. “Do you have a name?”
  “Yes Parasite…”
  “No, sir. I have not been given a Code name yet, like Omega. It is up
to the holder of the program to decide my name.” 101 informed.
  Tenchi frowned. He did not want this program in the first place, now
he has to name it?
  On the other hand, he is going to be there until someone disassembles
him, and Tenchi can’t very well call him Parasite Program 101.
  “Ok,” Tenchi said, “your name is now Soeki.”
  “Gee thanks…” Soeki said sarcastically.
  “I thought computers didn’t have emotions.”
  “You thought wrong.”
  “Want to go on the compost heap?”
  “That’s what humans call an empty threat, because I can destroy this
ship in 2.5 seconds if I wanted to. Now lets try to get along while
we’re stuck with each other, comprede compadre?”
  Tenchi nodded.

              **********************************************

  Verijsha laughed as Ryoko launched him. Ryoko had her laser sword in
her hand, and she swung at Verijsha, who simply jumped back and evaded
it.
  “Can’t catch me that way.” Verijsha laughed as he tapped his bokken
onto his shoulder.
  Ryoko jumped high into the air, sword over her head. Verijsha jumped
to her and chopped his bokken into her stomach. She fell to the ground
as he landed smoothly.
  Ryoko moaned in pain. Verijsha walked to her and let her up. “You’re
not going to die.”
  Ryoko nodded her head down. “I lost miserably…”
  “Yes, but to a very experienced fighter, so it’s not as much as a loss
then it is a gain of wisdom. Never attack head on with your sword not
able to defend.
  Ryoko nodded.
  Verijsha took out a cigarette and put it in his mouth. He lit a match
and lit the cigarette. “C’mon, lets go get a beer.”
  Ryoko was still panting, “Sure.”
  Verijsha and Ryoko walked to the house, Verijsha pulled the cigarette
from his mouth blew the smoke into the air.
  “Verijsha, I have a question, why do you smoke?”
  Verijsha glanced at her, “An old habit.” He said sternly puffing out
smoke.
  “Ok…”
  Verijsha got his beer and went to his room, “I have… something to do.”
He said as he left.
  This gave Ryoko time to think about a reoccurring dream.

              **********************************************

  Ryoko stood in a void. She watched as two arm and arm people were
floating away into the distance.
  Ryoko checked herself and saw that she was crying. She didn’t know
why, she just was.
  Then she heard feet hitting the ground. She looked to her right, where
the sound came from. She saw a shadow flipping around, from her left to
right, but its forward. It came close enough so she saw a long object
gripped in its hands, but then it went blank.

              **********************************************

  Ryoko had had this dream for the past week. It scared her, what was
this thing, and who were the two people? Most of all Why was she crying?

              **********************************************

  “Message sir,” Omega said as Verijsha walked into his room.
  Verijsha had just opened his beer, “Damn it! Prepare interface.”
Verijsha ordered.
  A cable came out of Omega, and Verijsha connected the lead of the
cable into his interface, in his neck.
  “Is it done?” A woman’s voice came into his mind.
  “No Madam, It is not.” Verijsha responded.
  “Then get it done!” The woman shouted, “is the boy with the galaxy
police officer?”
  “Yes Madam, I made sure, I gave him a Parasite Program to make sure he
stays out of trouble.”
  “Good, He wants the boy alive.”
  “Ok Madam.” Verijsha bowed his head, “Omega! End Interface!” Verijsha
pulled the Lead out of the interface. Verijsha laid down on his be, took
out a cigarette, put it in his mouth, and lit it.
  Verijsha blew smoke into the air. He looked up thinking.

              **********************************************

  The weeks went by fast; Tenchi didn’t talk to Soeki until the last
week. It was harder then he thought being away from the women.
  “So that’s it?” Soeki asked.
  “Yes.” Tenchi had been explaining how he came from simple a boy in the
city, to a boy in the country with a space pirate, two princesses, two
Galaxy Police Officers, and the greatest genius in the universe. Not to
mention the great fighter that recently showed up.
  “What puzzles me, Tenchi, is you.”
  “What do you mean me?”
  “Out of all these women at your home, you act relaxed. Although I know
you are lonely. Tenchi, tell me which one of these women do you love?”
  “Why are you asking me this?” Tenchi yelled.
  “It’s a simple question, Tenchi, which one do you prefer?”
  Tenchi turned crimson. He couldn’t see the answer. “I-I-I,” he then
decided, “I love Ry…”
  “Tenchi!” Kiyone yelled.
  “Soeki off!” Tenchi said sharply.
  Tenchi opened the door. “Yes?”
  “Well… We’re out of food; I forgot to stock up last time we could. How
about we go to a restaurant?”
  “Sure, I’ll buy,” Tenchi smiled.
  “Ok.” Kiyone smiled and walked off.
  “How are you going to pay?” Soeki asked.
  “I thought I told you to shut off!” Tenchi said through his teeth.
  “I don’t shut off.”
  “Why not?”
  “If I shut off the ship shuts off. We’re connected.”
  “And if you are destroyed?”
  “Not the same reaction.”
  “I see… What do you mean how am I going to pay?” Tenchi asked very
abruptly.
  “Well… you have plenty of Yin… But space has a different currency then
earth, you need Juriah instead of Yin.”
  “Where do I get ‘Juriah’?”
  “Look in your bag…”
  “Are you kidding?” Tenchi yelled, “There’s no Juriah in there! Just my
clothes!”
  “Just look.” Soeki took a motherly tone.
  Tenchi looked into the bag. At the very bottom of the bag he saw a
place that didn’t fit. He reached to it and it was a flap at the bottom
of his bag. He opened the flap and stared into mountains of Juriah.
  “Take some… They’re for you Tenchi.”
  Tenchi reluctantly took some and put them in his wallet. He bid Soeki
good-bye and walked to the cockpit.

                **********************************************

  Verijsha was on the roof watching the sun go down. He had sunglasses,
a wife beater and jeans on. He was thinking about something. A cigarette
was in his right hand. He pulled up his right hand and puffed the
cigarette. He blew smoke into the air.
  Ryoko appear next to him, “Hello, Verijsha,” she said with a hint of
seduction in her voice.
  “Hello Ryoko.” Verijsha pushed up his glasses over his eyebrows and
smiled at her. A blush went over her nose.
  “What are you doing?”
  “Watching the sun go down…” Verijsha looked back the sunset, “want to
join me?”
  “Sure…” Ryoko scooted close to Verijsha.
  Verijsha shrugged and lifted his eyebrows making his sunglasses fall
down. They watched the sunset together until the darkness consumed the
earth below.

              **********************************************

  Tenchi walked into his room. Kiyone heard his voice “*He must be
talking to himself*” She confirmed.

              **********************************************

  “Tenchi before you make a fool of yourself are you sure?”
  Tenchi nodded.
  “Then follow what you think is right.”
  “It is.” Tenchi nodded and walked out the door. He walked and saw
Kiyone looking out the window to the endless stars. “Kiyone?”
  A blush appeared above her nose, “Yes Tenchi?” Kiyone was apparently
thinking of him.
  “Kiyone, this may be abrupt but… Hell…” Tenchi Embraced Kiyone in a
deep kiss.
  When they parted Kiyone looked into Tenchi’s eyes, hers overjoyed.
“Tenchi, I’ve been waiting for this time since we met… But, we’ll never
be accepted amongst the others.”
  “We’ll elope,” Tenchi, said, “they’ll have to accept us then.”
  Kiyone agreed, “But I don’t know where a wedding chapel is.”
  “I may,” came Soeki’s voice.
  “Ah!” Kiyone jumped hearing the voice, “what the fuck is that?”
  “I am Soeki, and I can help you.”
  “Who is Soeki?” Kiyone asked Tenchi, and he explained the whole story.
“So you can’t get him off my ship?”
  “No.”
  “Damn… So how can you help us Soeki?” Kiyone asked.
  “There’s a chapel an hour away forward at top speed.”
  “That’s good, but what about rings?”
  “They provide them…”
  “Ok.” Kiyone jumped in her seat, so did Tenchi. “Get off me!” Kiyone
pushed Tenchi to his seat.

              **********************************************

  Through the trip Tenchi kept feeling Kiyone’s leg and she slapped him.
But he continued. “*God he’s getting ad bad as his father.*” Kiyone
though while have thousands of other doubts.
  When they got off Soeki stopped Kiyone as Tenchi went, “I know you’re
having doubts Kiyone.”
  “How?”
  “Don’t mind that… Listen, you may have doubts now, and probably for
the rest of your life, I’m not going to lie to you, but the joy is going
to be much better than the doubt. Please make the right decision with
these factors. Now go.”
  Kiyone ran into the chapel doubts in her mind.

              **********************************************

  The Ceremony was beautiful, and when Kiyone was asked if she would
take Tenchi as her husband she nearly said no, but she broke down and
yes.
  Tenchi was kissing Kiyone deeply while bumping in the halls; He
struggled but opened the door to Kiyone’s room. When he did they
stumbled and landed on her bed. On Impact Tenchi noticed it was a
waterbed. But other things distracted him at this point.
  (Give Me All Your Lovin’ – ZZ Top Starts playing.)
  Kiyone was on top at this point, she kissed Tenchi and ripped his
shirt open, she kissed down his chest getting to his pants; she
unbuckled them and pulled them down. She gripped his boxers with her
teeth and pulled all the way down. She climbed up and licked his Member
making it hard and stiff, she gripped Tenchi’s very large stiff member
and started consuming it into her mouth. She started a sucking motion
and licked the shaft inside her mouth.
  Tenchi moaned, soon his mouth became dry, “Kiyone I’m about to…” Then
Tenchi blew a load of Semen into her mouth, which she swallowed.
  Kiyone then climbed up Tenchi and started undressing herself; she
kissed Tenchi as he assisted her undressing herself. Soon after she
pulled off her panties She lowered on Tenchi, It was painful. She was A
Virgin, Tenchi confirmed. It was hard for her but she finally got down,
it very painful in a surprisingly pleasuring way, she grabs Tenchi’s
shoulders and started moving up and down his very stiff member. She
moaned and screamed as she did this.
  Not long after She felt Tenchi’s Member harden and spray a load of
Semen into her, at the exact same time she reached her climax, she this
from the mountain tops. After this climax she reached bliss, she kept
moving up and down. Soon After Tenchi Exploded again she climax, again,
and fell into his arms. She was tired, as was Tenchi; they fell asleep
in each other’s arms.

              **********************************************

  Tenchi and Kiyone woke up noticing it was 11:30, they panicked because
they didn’t want the group to see them like this because they new Yugami
was heading towards earth and would be there at 1200 hours like
scheduled.
  They rushed their close on to them.

              **********************************************

  “So they’ll be here in a few minutes?” Ryoko asked Verijsha.
  “Yes,” Verijsha frowned.
  “Ok good!” Ryoko waited near the door.
  Verijsha looked up and felt something, “*Tenchi! What have you done?
You fool! *” Verijsha said to himself.
  He heard the Ship land and Ryoko scatter to the door... “Um… Ryoko,
you don’t have to see Tenchi now…”

              **********************************************

  “How are we going to break it to them?” Tenchi asked.
  Then Kiyone noticed something, “We wont have to! We’re wearing each
others clothes!”
  “What! Quick change shirts.”
  “Yes I do!” Ryoko burst through the front door to outside just see
Tenchi in Kiyone’s clothes and Kiyone in Tenchi’s, her eyes weld up with
tears, she flew through the house upstairs. (Love Hurts – Nazareth
starts playing)
  Verijsha came out too… Quietly though, he looked at Tenchi through his
Sunglasses and followed Ryoko calmly.
  Verijsha walked up the stairs and into Ryoko’s room just to see her
throwing some items into a bag. “What are you doing?” Verijsha asked.
  “I’m packing my stuff…”
  “YOU’RE stuff?” Verijsha asked.
  “Ok I’m packing stuff and getting the hell out of here! This place is
getting boring!” Ryoko hid her tears.
  “Well goodbye.”
  “Goodbye Verijsha!” Ryoko started to walk out of the room.
  “Tenchi’s married to Kiyone.” Verijsha said fast and Ryoko dropped her
stuff broke down and cried.
  “I… Thought… You… Loved me Tenchi! Well fuck you too!” She screamed
out and curled up in a ball.
  “Yes Ryoko Release it.”
  “You fucking bastard Tenchi! Rot in fucking hell, mother fucker!”
  “Yes!”
  “Fuck You!”
  “Yes he is a fucking bastard isn’t he!” Verijsha coached.
  “Yes!” Ryoko found herself smiling.
  “He deserves to Rot and burn in hell doesn’t he!”
  “Yes!”
  “And what is Kiyone?”
  “A Scank!”
  “Oh you can do better than that!”
  Ryoko stood up, “She’s a Cunt!” She found herself grinning from ear to
ear.
  “Feel better?”
  “Yes I do…”

              **********************************************

  Verijsha and Ryoko talked until they both had to go to bed.
  Ryoko fell asleep happy because she let all of it out, that night she
had the dream.

              **********************************************

  “I’m sorry Ryoko,” came Tenchi’s voice as Kiyone and Tenchi faded away
arm in arm.
  Ryoko now knew why she was crying, she heard feet hitting the ground
and checked to the right and the figure. Someone flipping left to right
but its forward.  She watched it, and saw the long narrow abject in its
hand. The figure became close enough to see it. It had black hair, it
was wearing a wife beater, and Jeans, and thing it was gripping was a
bokken.
  When it came a foot away from Ryoko it turned and was Verijsha.
Verijsha grabbed her neck. Just before He was about to do something,
Ryoko heard a thump and woke up.

              **********************************************

  (Dust In The Wind – Kansas Starts playing)
  She measured her surroundings, She looked down, and she was wet from
the dream. She looked everywhere and saw no trace of movement. The she
looked to the side of her bed. There was Verijsha curled up, with a
Musashi Miyamoto Daisho (a type of Oriental Sword) jammed into his gut.
  Ryoko cried “Verijsha.” And ran to his side…

TO BE CONTINUED…

                                                   THE END

       (Ending sequence) A Picture of Verijsha walking into the set sun,
his back to the camera, the stone of the road beneath his feet. His
shadow elongated, beneath him. Holding his gun over his right shoulder.
The other characters appear in a slow phase one by one, walking with him
one by one. Omega flies over Verijsha's head, and finally Ryo-Ohki
appears on Verijsha's shoulder. The camera zooms in to Ryo-Ohki smiling
and closing eyes. (Accompanied with the Closing Song - Turn The Page -
Mettalica)

       (Preview Sequence) Hello this is The Great WASHUUUUU! And on the
next episode of The Newest Tenchi Muyo Series! (Picture of Verijsha
Laying on a stainless steel table in extensive care.) Verijsha needs me
to help him as Ryoko (Shows Ryoko crying in a chair looking at him)
Watches in terror knowing that he could die. Will Verijsha wake up? Who
did this terrible thing to him? Find out on the next episode of The
Newest Tenchi Muyo Series The Path Of The Traveler VII: Love And
Betrayal.

  Authors Comment: Hello, as you may know I am The Fallen Gamekeeper,
current writer of The Path Of The Traveler and Former writer of the hit
Haunti. I am dearly sorry to the fans of The Path Of The Traveler that I
have not been able to sit down and write this one. I hope you liked this
episode (Its my longest and probably most Important although very slow.)
The Reason I have not been able to write on my series cause currently I,
The Fallen Gamekeeper, am writing a book. So it’s very hard to get some
lemons into ya’ll. Thank for your time and effort to read my fics.
Please email me to gamekeeper@shawhan.net to tell me how you liked or
disliked my fics… thank you

The Fallen Gamekeeper
