The Legal Info.... Course I don own these characters the characters
Belong to the creators of Tenchi Muyo, Tenchi Universe, and Tenchi In
Tokyo. So don sue I’m broke.

The Path Of The Traveler V:
Struggle!

                   (Opening Theme: Stars Falling - Smashing Pumpkins)

 (Theme slowly fades to the end where we come to the opening scene)

  Verijsha woke up to notice his blasters gone. “What the fuck?” he
looked for his blaster. His holster was still strapped to his chest, but
his blaster was gone. “Where the fuck is it? Omega! Do you know where my
damned blaster is?”
  No Answer.
  “Omega?”

              **********************************************

  Verijsha walked to Washu’s lab. “Washu!” Verijsha yelled.
  Washu jumped and then said shakily, “Yes Verijsha?”
  “Where’s Omega and where’s my gun?”
  “Right here I’m studying it. I like this gun of yours, its compact
caster if I’m not mistaking, but these shell… I’ve never even heard of
thirties.”
  “I made those from designs that my grandfather made.”
  “He must have been a Genius. Did he create the designs for Omega?”
  “Yes he did, but its designs are not Omega.”
  “What are they then?”
  “I am Z.” Omega answered.
  “Huh?”
  “Well… when I first found the plans for him it was called Z, so I
named it Omega as a sign of ownership.”
  “I see… there are a few things that bother me. Like its functions are
outside the mechanical bystanders.”
  “What do you mean ‘Mechanical Bystanders’?”
  “Well… for one a machine cannot be that much like humans, but this
particular one is.”
  “Well… after assimilating with my brain tissue he got caught in a
magnetic storm, and he’s been like this ever since.”
  “Oh…”
  “Well… At least I know where they are, Omega On!”
  Omega’s eyes sprung to life and it began to float, “Yes sir?”
  “Spend your day with Washu. I’m going.”
  “Um sir she’ll disassemble me!”
  “She won’t trust me.” Without another word Verijsha left.

              **********************************************

  Verijsha noticed nearly nobody was in the house when he was leaving.
  “Where is everybody?” he looked at Tenchi.
  “Washu’s in her lab, Sasami is out buying food I think, Ryoko’s gone,
and Ayeka’s here.
  “I see… well I’m going today. See you Tenchi.” Verijsha walked out the
door. Ryoko floated down to Verijsha’s side.
  “Hi!”
  “Hi Ryoko, what are you doing?”
  “I’m coming with you of course!”
  “What!!!! Why?”
  “Because you need a woman’s opinion when your buying clothes.”
  “Hmm… fine.” Verijsha jumped and flew into the air.
  Ryoko flew with him, “So you can fly too huh?”
  “Yeah…” Verijsha concentrated ahead of him.

              **********************************************

  Ayeka was laughing mischievously, “Now, I’ll have you to myself
Tenchi!” Ayeka continued her laugh.

              **********************************************

  Verijsha and Ryoko flew side by side, glancing over their shoulders to
look at each other every once in a while.
  They landed nearly thirty feet out of town so not to be noticed and
walked in.
  “You’ve got money right?” Ryoko asked looking at Verijsha.
  “Yeah, I, uh, ‘borrowed’ some from Nobuyuki.” Verijsha laughed
thinking of Nobuyuki tied up and gagged as he left him.
  “Ok…” Ryoko said as they turned into what seemed like an American
clothing store.
  Verijsha looked around and found a pack of wife-beaters. Verijsha took
four packs. Verijsha then started looking at over shirts.
  Ryoko came over with twelve different over shirts and the same number
of pairs of jeans. “Here go into the changing room, change into one over
shirt and on pair of jeans at a time and come out so I can see you,” She
Ordered.
  Verijsha did a half nod and walked into the changing room. He first
came out in a bright red over shirt, his muscle shirt under it, and
black pair of jeans.
  Ryoko gave thumbs down, “You don’t look good in that color.” She
looked at Verijsha.
  “Ok…” Verijsha walked back, and came back with another shirt and pants
on, like a fashion show; this went on for an hour.

              **********************************************

  Ayeka walked around in a bathrobe, looking for Tenchi, her eyes
glittered with joy, to think, she might be making love to Tenchi
finally; she squirmed with happiness.
  “Oh Lord Tenchi!” Ayeka called, as Tenchi was just going out the door.

  “Yes?” Tenchi stepped back to look at Ayeka.
  “Well… I need a Mans help with something…” The she began to
unnoticeably undo her robe. Just as she had finished Washu called.
  “Tenchi!” Tenchi turned his head just as Ayeka had let down her robe
revealing her Breasts and Sexual area. I need your help with something
in my lab!”
  “Buzz off, Washu!” Ayeka said under her breath.
  “Ok!” Tenchi walked to Washu’s lab.
  “Don’t you think it’s a bit too drafty Ayeka?” Washu giggled and then
thought, ‘whew Saved Tenchi from that one’ and then she walked to her
lab.
  “Damn it!” Ayeka yelled and pulled on her robe.

              **********************************************

  “That will total up to 600 yen.” The clerk looked up.
  “Ok…” Verijsha paid and then got the hell out of there with his stuff.

  “Ok, you have Jeans and shirts, but you need other things.” Ryoko
looked at him.
  “Since when are you a fashion artist?” Verijsha scowled.
  “Since the day I was made a woman!”
  “Point Taken,” Verijsha chuckled as they walked into a store with a
lot of suits.
  A man with tape came and started making measurements for his suit.
  “He not there!” Verijsha yelled as the man measured near his crotch
area.
  Ryoko laughed.

              **********************************************

  Hours passed and Tenchi was walking down the stairs from the shrine.
  Ayeka’s obsession to have Tenchi increased. She approached Tenchi in
nothing but a black teddy.
  Tenchi’s breaths became faster; his nose began to bleed,
“Ay-ay-Ayeka!” Tenchi stepped back trying hard to fight temptation.
  “Yes, Tenchi?” Ayeka smiled seductively.
  “Wh-wh-what are you doing Ayeka?” Tenchi stepped back.
  She still smiled, “Showing my affection of course.”
  “Well… your doing it like Ryoko would.” Tenchi distracted his eyes
from her.
  Tenchi was right, Ayeka’s eyes swelled up with tears, “I’m Sorry
Tenchi!” she into the house leaving Tenchi alone.
  “Hey Tenchi!” Tenchi heard a voice to his left. He turned and there
was Verijsha, flying in.
  “Hey Verijsha.” Tenchi looked at Verijsha as he landed.
  “Damn… you have a lot of will power man…”
  “What do you mean?”
  “Ayeka was in a nice Teddy and you didn’t…”
  “One: How did you know?”
  “Telepathy.”
  “Ok, and two last time I checked you refused to do anything like that
your self!”
  “That’s a personal problem.” Verijsha beamed angrily.
  Tenchi avoided eye contact, “Where’s Ryoko?” he asked scooping the
skies.
  “Right here!” Ryoko pounced on Tenchi’s back hugging his back with one
arm and holding a bag with the other.
  “Oh… Where’d you get those close?”
  “Got them when me and Verijsha went to town.”
  “I see…”
  “Well… see you, got to talk to Omega.” Verijsha walked into the house.

  When he went in the house Omega immediately found him, “Hello, sir…”
  “Hello…” Verijsha looked around to see no one was there. “What
happened today?”
  “I can’t explain it all Sir,”
  “Fine,” Verijsha revealed a well-hidden interface on his neck, “Ok…”
he hooked up with Omega and rolled his eyes up.
  Verijsha started remembering things from this.

               **********************************************

  A young Verijsha was piloting Omega through space with a grapple
device on his head apparently grappling with another ship.
  “Omega,” Young Verijsha smirked evilly, “prepare Interface.” A wire
flew down and Verijsha connected with it.
  Verijsha looked at the mind of the ship.
  “Whoa,” Verijsha looked around, “I’ll trash this in a minute, but
first…” He searched data and found nearly everything then trashed the
ship and ended interface.
  “Get everything you need sir?”
  “Yes…” He smirked evilly again, “I did…”

              **********************************************

  He ended interface with Omega, “Interesting day…”
  “Yes sir,”
  “Did Ayeka really do those things?” Verijsha laughed.
  “Yes, sir,” Omega said clearly not seeing that it was rhetorical.

              **********************************************

  After dinner everybody went to bed but Verijsha. Verijsha stayed up
and sneaked into Washu’s lab. He smirked and began Interface with the
main computer.
  “Astounding…” He looked on.
  “Yes it is…” came Washu’s voice.
  Verijsha ended Interface and turned to Washu. “How did you know I was
here?”
  “A better question is why are you here?”
  “Aside from being able to read minds I can read minds of Machines by
Interfacing with them.”
  “I see… You’re a biological Android?”
  “Far from it, I just have an Interface.”
  “Why are you here?”
  “I needed to Interface with your lab and see your works, it’s a thirst
for knowledge.”
  “Why do you have an Interface?”
  “You’re full of questions tonight,” Verijsha smirked a bit, “because
Omega, the ship, requires an interface to be mobile in grappling mode.”
  “I see…well could you restrain…”
  “No… besides you owe me.”
  “From what?” she yelled.
  “You think I’m going to let you get a sample for nothing in return?
Besides this knowledge I need.”
  “I see,” she said between her teeth, “fine! Just not now go!” she
rushed him out of the lab.
  “Wonder what’s got her…” Verijsha walked upstairs and to his room, he
smirked, and fell asleep on impact on his bed.

                                         THE END

       (Ending sequence) A Picture of Verijsha walking into the set sun,
his back to the camera, the stone of the road beneath his feet. His
shadow elongated, beneath him. Holding his gun over his right shoulder.
The other characters appear in a slow phase one by one, walking with him
one by one. Omega flies over Verijsha's head, and finally Ryo-Ohki
appears on Verijsha's shoulder. The camera zooms in to Ryo-Ohki smiling
and closing eyes. (Accompanied with the Closing Song - Turn The Page -
Mettalica)
  (Preview Sequence) Hi this is Kiyone! In The next episode Tenchi goes
on a mission with me (It shows Tenchi and Kiyone walking down a corridor
on Yugami) while Verijsha is trying to collect information. (It shows
Verijsha looking to the skies) (*Gasp*) what’s this? (Blank) find out
next time of the newest Tenchi Muyo series, The Path Of The Traveler VI:
A Trip To Remember. (It’s unquestionably unexpected)