The Legal Info.... Cource I don own these characters the characters
belong to the creaters of Tenchi Muyo ,Tenchi Universe, and Tenchi In
Tokyo. so don sue Im broke.

The Path Of The Traveler IV:
Memories and Helping hands

                   (Opening Theme: Stars Falling - Smashing Pumpkins)

 (Theme slowly fades to the end where we come to the opening scene)

  Two weeks had come and gone; Verijsha woke up from a long sleep. It
was a restless day before, all the girls wanted to do something with
him.
  When Verijsha woke up he walked strait to Washu’s lab.
  “Washu…” Verijsha looked at the little scientist.
  “Yes, Verijsha?”
  “Well… I’ve been thinking and I see you’re a scientist, and I’m kind
of a scientist and you want something from me so I’m going to let you
have it.”
  “You mean it?” the little excited scientists eyes became big and
hopeful.
  “Yeah, but no passion is involved just get your sample and I get the
hell out of here”
  “Ok” Washu started to slowly lowered on Verijsha.
  Verijsha braced himself by grabbing a anything he could. Washu slowly
pulled down Verijsha’s pants, and then his boxers revealing his very
large member. She teased him licking this tip ‘til it became very hard
and stiff. She then engulfed the large member licking the shaft in her
mouth. Verijsha felt the pleasure that her had experienced years
before………

             **********************************************

  A boy knelt over a broken engine of a space ship. He had a welding
mask on and he was using a blowtorch on the engine.
  “Ok I’m done! Is that good Omega?”
  A voice came from around him “Yes sir that is very good Madam will be
pleased.”
  “Good…”
  “Verijsha!” a firm woman’s voice came from behind the boy.
  “Yes Madam?” The Boy stood up, took off his mask, and wiped the grease
from his face. The woman had purple hair and a kimono covered most of
her body.
  “I have something to show you for all your hard work.”
  “Ok Madam, show the way.”
  “Ok, Verijsha follow me” Madam lead young Verijsha to a large room
with a large bed.
  “But Madam isn’t this your room?” Verijsha turned to Madam his back to
the bed.
  “Yes Verijsha is my room this is what I have to show you” Madam
unbuttoned her kimono and exposed her large breasts and dripping cunt.
  “Madam what are you doing?”
  “I’m repaying you for your work”
  “But madam….” Madam hushed young Verijsha with two fingers.
  “Let me I want to…” she stripped young Verijsha very quickly. Madam
had already slipped her kimono off and admired Verijsha. “Your very
large for a twelve year old. Impressive” Madam kissed down Verijsha’s
chest and began her work.

              **********************************************

  “Holy Shit!” Verijsha tried to stifle but was unable to when he
sprayed a load of semen into the specimen cup.
  “Thank you! Cum Again!” Washu took the specimen cup deeper into her
laboratory for research.
  “Not if I can help it” Verijsha muttered and pulled his pants up. He
walked out of the Laboratory like nothing happened. Everybody had just
finished breakfast and where doing their morning routines.
  Verijsha looked in the kitchen in every cabinet. “Can I help you
Verijsha?” Nobuyuki asked Verijsha.
  “Yeah where the fuck is your hard liquor?”
  “There’s a flask of my special brand in the upper right cabinet why?”
  “Thanks you’re a life saver” Verijsha grabbed the flask and started to
backwash it. Verijsha walked out of the kitchen.
  “Aw shit I’m going to have to make another batch.” Nobuyuki snapped to
himself.

              **********************************************

  “Omega can you generate training simulation in your current form?”
  “Yes but you must find a wide open space.”
  “Ok…” Verijsha took out his gun. He loaded a shell that said ‘30’ into
his gun. Verijsha pointed his gun to a forest of useless wood. He pulled
the trigger and it blasted the wood decimating it. Verijsha holstered
his gun.
  “Ok the space is a square half mile, perfect sir”
  “Set hologram level to 5000, setting to Rainforest, and gravity level
to 500x normal gravity.” Verijsha ordered.
  “Why didn’t you just keep the wood like that if you wanted forest?”
  “The gravity would destroy the tree’s any way.”
  “Ok sir.” The clear plain became full of trees again. Verijsha walked
into the forest and struggled a bit to stand up. He looked around
carefully looked around for his target.

              **********************************************

  Ryoko flew away from the stairs for Tenchi had yelled at her. ‘I’ll
come back to him later’ she thought.
  “Hello Miss Ryoko”
  “Hi… Omega is it? … Where’s Verijsha?”
  “In that patch of forest but…”
  “Thanks!” Ryoko flew at the forest ‘ha ha now I’ll get to be alone
with him with no distractions…’ “Ah!!!!” Ryoko smacked the ground for
the gravity pushed down on her like thousands of tons on her back.
  “Huh?” Verijsha heard Ryoko’s scream just when he was about to find
the hologram he was looking for. He ran to the scream. Verijsha saw
Ryoko lying unconscious on the ground. “Omega turn off simulation!”
Verijsha ordered”
  “Yes Sir!” The Gravity went down to normal gravity, the forest became
a plain, and the hologram disappeared with it.
  “Ryoko are you ok?”
  No Answer
  “Shit, she’s out cold… wait a minute.” Verijsha took out the flask he
got from Nobuyuki and poured some of the liquor into he mouth.
  The fiery liquor woke the space pirate up from the sleep. “Whoa, what
is that stuff?”
  “Don’t know got it from Nobuyuki.”
  “Get him to make me a batch of that for me someday”
  Verijsha laughed, “So are you alright?”
  “Yeah I’m fine, what the hell happened?”
  “I had a gravity simulator at 500x normal gravity”
  “Really?”
  “Yeah I have to have high gravity to train very good.”
  “Wow! How can you stand it”
  “Very carefully.”
  Ryoko smiled “Maybe you can help me train sometime”
  Verijsha smirked “Maybe…” then he walked off.
  “Um… bye” Ryoko looked blank.

              **********************************************

  In the woods Mihoshi was shooting her blaster at cans carefully set up
around her, She kept missing.
  “What’s Up Mihoshi?”
  “Huh? Kiyone is making me shoot cans because I’m not ready for a
simulator she says”
  “No kidding, listen I’m going to help you with your shooting.”
  “Really?”
  “Yeah” Verijsha walked to behind Mihoshi and settled his hands over
hers, which were on the blaster. “Ok relax Mihoshi, take a breath,
inhale, and exhale.” Verijsha helped.
  “Ok…” Mihoshi took a deep breath.
  “Now aim towards the can and shoot”
  Mihoshi aimed closed her eyes and shot; she missed. “Oh…”
  “I think I’ve found the problem, you’re afraid to die, even when it’s
a can”
  “What do you mean?”
  “You think that any target is going to hurt you so you shield
yourself, shielding yourself and trying to shoot at the same time will
disrupt your shooting. Just relax, don’t care what happens to you, and
shoot.” Verijsha kept his hands over Mihoshi’s. “Take a deep breath,
aim, and shoot.”
  Mihoshi closes one eyes, took a deep breath, and shot. The can flew
back to a tree. “I did it!”
  “Yes you did… keep doing that you may get as good as Kiyone.” Verijsha
walked off leaving Mihoshi to practice.

               **********************************************

  Hours passed and finally it was sunset. Verijsha walked down the
steps. Verijsha saw Ryoko on the roof looking at the sky possibly
thinking. Verijsha disappears and appeared right next to Ryoko. “Hey”
  Ryoko jumped “huh? Verijsha I didn’t see you come by.”
  “There’s no way to explain it so I’ll show you.” Verijsha phased to
the other side of Ryoko.
  “So you can do that too… what else can you do?”
  “I couldn’t explain with the hours in the day so short.”
  “Hmm… hey I’ve got an Idea to pass time ‘til dinner”
  “Ok what?”
  “Try to decipher what’s in that flask.”
  Verijsha smirked and pulled out the flask “why not?”
  Ryoko took a sip “That fire is unmistakable I taste bourbon”
  “True…” Verijsha took a sip, “and I also taste Irish whiskey with
that.”
  “Right and… Vodka,” she took another sip, “Tequila, and… and… what is
that other taste.” Ryoko thought trying to decipher the last taste.
  They pointed to each other and said unanimously “Grain Liquor” they
laughed.
  “What the fuck do you guys put this man through?”
  “Innumerable things”
  “Hmm…”
  Ryoko noticed Verijsha’s bokken “Why do you carry that around?”
  “Because it’s one of my main weapons, I love fighting with a bokken.
It makes your enemies look foolish being beaten by a wooden sword.”
Verijsha laughed.
  “Ha ha” Ryoko laughed with him.
  “Look the suns setting.” Verijsha pointed
  “Really? Its beautiful” Ryoko looked at the oranges and reds making a
harmony of color.
  “It is…” Verijsha looked at Ryoko.
  “Yes…” Ryoko looked back and their eyes connected. They inched closer
to each other. They tilted their heads apposing their foreheads from
being hit. Their lips became so close they could they could feel each
other’s warmth.
  “DINNER!!!!!” Sasami yelled making them jump.
  “Um we should go to dinner” Ryoko said not facing Verijsha her face
redder than the sunset.
  “Yeah…” Verijsha said his back to hers absently. They phased to the
dinner table, Verijsha may have been staying there he had never ate the
table before he usually Sasami would bring him his meal when he trained.
“Um… where do I sit?”
  “How about by me? There’s a space” Ayeka said patting the seat by her.

  “Ok…” Verijsha sat by Ayeka.
  “Damn it Ayeka!” Ryoko muttered under her breath.
  “So I guess Mihoshi and Kiyone went home?”
  “Yes… they did”
  “Maybe I should visit them tomorrow while I’m out.”
  “What do you mean?”
  “Don’t worry about it” Verijsha picked up his bowl and ate like a
horse. He was even eating faster than Ryoko.
  Everyone else ate slowly except for Ryoko who too ate fast.
  “I guess the stronger you are the more you have to eat.” Sasami said
watching them.
  “Sir Verijsha burned off a lot of calories while training at 500x
normal gravity.” Omega informed.
  “Wow!” Washu said. “I have to study this later.”
  Everyone continued eating, until the food was gone.

              **********************************************

  “That was great Sasami” Verijsha said after he gobbled down four or
five bowls.
  “Thanks Verijsha,” Sasami sighed, “so much for leftovers.”
  “Well… I’m hitting the sack,” Verijsha got up and walked upstairs,
Omega followed.
  “Where are we going tomorrow sir?”
  “To town, got to buy myself some new clothes, I’m tired of borrowing
Tenchi’s clothes.”
  “Ok sir goodnight,” Omega’s eyes went dim as if he was going into a
rest himself.
  Verijsha looked at the ceiling, something on his mind.

                                         THE END

       (Ending sequence) A Picture of Verijsha walking into the set sun,
his back to the camera, the stone of the road beneath his feet. His
shadow elongated, beneath him. Holding his gun over his right shoulder.
The other characters appear in a slow phase one by one, walking with him
one by one. Omega flies over Verijsha's head, and finally Ryo-Ohki
appears on Verijsha's shoulder. The camera zooms in to Ryo-Ohki smiling
and closing eyes. (Accompanied with the Closing Song - Turn The Page -
Mettalica)

  (Preview Sequence) Hi this is Ayeka! (A picture of Verijsha and Ryoko
walking through town appears animating) Ryoko is going with sir Verijsha
next episode leaving me alone with Lord Tenchi! **Giggle** everyone else
is going somewhere oh lord Tenchi. The Next Episode of the newest Tenchi
Series The Path Of The Traveler V: Struggle! (It’s unquestionably worth
running from)
