The Legal Info.... Course I don own these characters the characters
Belong to the creators of Tenchi Muyo, Tenchi Universe, and Tenchi In
Tokyo. So don sue I’m broke.

The Path Of The Traveler VI:
A Trip To Remember

                   (Opening Theme: Stars Falling - Smashing Pumpkins)

 (Theme slowly fades to the end where we come to the opening scene)

  Verijsha lay on the table, Washu looked at him. “You’re lucky you got
him to me when you did, He was about to bleed into his stomach.” She
frowned looking down at him, “He has internal and external bleeding, and
he came,” she put her finger and thumb close together, “this close from
hitting anything vital.” Washu looked at Ryoko who was sobbing. “It will
be ok, Ryoko.” Washu comforted.
  Washu hooked Verijsha up to a couple machines and left to something
elsewhere in the lab. Ryoko looked at Verijsha, her trainer, and her
friend. She noticed his hair; it was no longer black with split ends.
Instead it was nice, brown, long hair. She ran her hand through his
hair. It was soft. Ryoko looked at Verijsha’s face. It was beautiful.
  Ryoko then heard a constant high-pitched noise. Verijsha was shaking
uncontrollably.
  Washu ran up, “He’s going into Cardiac arrest!”
  “What?” Ryoko looked at him, “no!”
  Ryoko held his hand as Washu pulled out two defibrillators. She held
them to Verijsha’s heart. “Clear!” Ryoko let go of Verijsha’s hand, very
unwillingly, as electricity surged through his body. Washu rubbed the
Defibrillators together and placed them on Verijsha’s heart, “Clear!”
electricity surged through his body again. His heart failed to beat.
Ryoko this time held on to Verijsha’s hand as the defibrillators sent
electricity through Verijsha and Ryoko’s bodies. She didn’t care, a tear
slid down her cheek and on to Verijsha’s chest.
  She heard a beep. Verijsha’s heart was beating again.

                **********************************************

  “His heart is beating and he will wake up soon.” Washu informed.
  “He was stabbed by a Musashi Miyamoto Daisho,” Tenchi informed, “are
you sure he will be up soon?”
  Just then Verijsha walked out of the lab, clutching his side, He
turned to the stairs and walked to his room.
  “Positive.” Washu smiled and sat down.
  Kiyone stood up, “As a detective, I have to find out who did this, I
think it is somebody in this house.” Kiyone informed. Kiyone walked
around, looking at everybody carefully, she stopped at Ayeka. “It was
you wasn’t it princess? When you realized you could not get Tenchi, you
turned to the next best thing, Verijsha, but when you realized that
Ryoko had a better chance, it just drove you into envy, you went insane
and said to yourself, “If I can’t have him, no one will!”
  “But, why wouldn’t she have tried to kill Tenchi too?” Washu asked.
  “Good point,” she turned to Washu, “what about you? You saw Verijsha,
spending all his time with your daughter, the only family you have;
maybe you were afraid. Afraid this boy would take her away from you.”
Kiyone bent down to take a good look at Washu.
  “The why wouldn’t I have killed him in my lab?”
  Kiyone frowned, and she spun. She just noticed her husband. Tenchi had
a fat lip, he was bruised, he had a black eye, and many things pointed
to a bad fall or a fight.
  “What happed to you?”
  “I-I fell down the stairs last night, looking for some water.” Tenchi
said nervously.
  “Oh really? Maybe you were running. I think he shoved the sword into
Verijsha’s gut and ran, and then in nervous rage he tripped down the
stairs.”
  “But where would he get the weapon, or what was his motive?” came a
ditzy voice.
  Kiyone turned in rage, just then Verijsha walked in clutching his side
still.
  “Thank you Masaki family for taking care of me these past months.
Goodbye.” Verijsha half smiled. “Omega, prepare for Program Orpheus.”
Verijsha walked out the door Ryoko quickly following him.
  Everyone started to get up. “Oh no-no-no-no!” Kiyone stopped them. “We
are staying here until we figure this out.”
  Everybody moaned and sat down. Kiyone fixed her eyes on her partner.
  “Why don’t you come up here and figure it out? Oh yeah its because
you’re too stupid to do detective work.”
  Mihoshi was stunned, through years Kiyone had never been that blunt or
mean to her. Mihoshi stood up, she pulled her hand in front of her and
backhanded Kiyone. Kiyone fell on the couch, holding her cheek. “Shut
up! Just shut up!” Mihoshi said between her teeth.
  Mihoshi then took a deep breath and calmed down.
  “I think we have overlooked one person, Verijsha.” Mihoshi informed.
“I think he did it.”
   “Why would he try to kill himself?”
   “No not kill himself, why do you think he was in Ryoko’s room? Washu!
Did you not claim that the sword turned into energy when you pulled it
out and the popped?”
  Washu nodded.
  “Who but Verijsha can do that?” Mihoshi asked everybody. “Aye… Sasami!
Can you lay down and pretend you’re Ryoko?”
  Sasami nodded and lay down on the couch, like she was sleeping.
  “Roll on you’re side Sasami.” She did, “when I say now roll on your
back.”
  Sasami nodded.
  “Now I think Verijsha phased through the door cause it was untouched,
now he crept to Ryoko.” She crept to Sasami. Mihoshi grabbed one of
Tenchi’s bokkens, “can I borrow this? Thanks.” She crept more. “Then, he
formed a laser sword and concentrated it into a real one, then he held
his sword up, and jammed it down, NOW SASAMI!” Sasami rolled on her
back. “Now, I think seeing Ryoko in blissful sleep, Verijsha couldn’t
kill her, so in indirection, he directed the blade toward himself.” She
acted like she was stabbing herself.
  “It’s rubbish! Where’s your proof?”
  Just the Ryoko burst through the door, “Verijsha just told me that he
tried to kill me!”
  “Impeccable timing Ryoko,” Mihoshi turned to Kiyone “Right there.” She
said proudly.

                  **********************************************

  Ryoko moped around for a few hours after, “I thought he liked me…” She
kept saying to herself.
   “He does,” came an unwanted voice after a while of talking to
herself.
  “What do you want Tenchi!” Ryoko said sternly.
  “I know Verijsha still likes you.”
  “He tried to kill me, it was from the horses mouth, so can you tell me
He still likes me?”
  “Yes,” Tenchi looked into her eyes. “Last night I didn’t fall down the
stairs. You see, last night I heard a knock at my door…”

  Knock, Knock, Knock!
  Tenchi heard the knock, he was dreary, and was looking around to where
it came from. He crawled over Kiyone, and walked toward the door. He
currently had boxers and a shirt on.
  Tenchi opened the door, “Hel…?” but before he could finish, something
grabbed by the shirt, pulled him out, and slammed him against the wall,
by his door.
  Tenchi looked into the darkness, just to see, two seething golden eyes
staring back at him.
  “Verijsha?” He then felt a punch to the gut. It was with such power he
had never felt.
  “You fool! You had to hurt her.” Came a whispering voice.
  Tenchi focused his eyes and confirmed; it was Verijsha.
  He felt a punch to his face, then a knee to his gut once more. Then a
right hook. Verijsha let go of Tenchi and started rapidly punching his
chest. Tenchi stayed off the ground, Verijsha capitalized the punches
with an uppercut to his jaw.
  Tenchi lay at the ground, whimpering. “Why?”
  “You had to hurt her, and not only that all at once!” He said through
his teeth and he kicked Tenchi, making him fly up. He then hammered him
down back to the floor. “You couldn’t do it slow, could you? Break it
down for her?” Tenchi felt a roundhouse kick to his skull.
  “Verijsha!” Tenchi said through his tears, “I’m sorry!” Verijsha
gripping his collar lifted him off his feet. Then Tenchi felt himself
being flung; his shirt tore off of him. He hit a risen part in the
floor, when he was rolling down hitting more of these, he processed,
that he was being flung down the stairs.
  Tenchi felt himself fall to someone’s feet. He, then, was gripped by
the back of his neck, and drug up the stairs. A door opened and he
forced to face Verijsha. “Good Night!” Verijsha said and flung him to a
wall in his room.
  Tenchi felt his shirt hit him.
  Slam

  “And that’s what happened last night.” Tenchi looked into Ryoko’s
eyes, “he was defending you…”
  “That may be true, but how can I even think about going to someone,
who tried to kill me?”
  “Ryoko, you have been training with Verijsha for months, and you have
yet to learn anything? Don’t think, just do.”
  “Just do.” Ryoko repeated. “Thank you, Tenchi.” Ryoko ran. She grabbed
Ryo-Ohki. “Come.”
  Ryoko ran outside, ignoring everyone around her.
  “Go Ryo-Ohki!” Ryoko flung Ryo-Ohki in the air; she made a ship, Ryoko
phased into it.

                **********************************************

(Aint Nothin’ ‘Bout You – Brook & Dunn starts playing.)
  Verijsha lit up a cigarette.
  “That’s you’re third pack in an hour sir.” Omega informed.
  Verijsha stared into a camera, “I’ve done more.”
  Images of Ryoko started playing back in his head. He saw her walking
past him, arguing with Ayeka, sleeping.
  “I can never go back to her, I tried to kill her…”
  “Sir, just take a shower, for god sakes take a breath mint, and go to
sleep. I will alert you if anything happens.”
  “Ok…” Verijsha walked to the shower on his ship. As he washed his body
and hair remembered every time he would to take a show in Washu’s lab
(The only place he could) before training. He actually heard her voice.

  “Verijsha?” he heard her distant voice, “Oh… Verijsha, nice…” She
deemed to be observing. “Ok, Ok I’m going. See you at training.” He
heard footsteps and giggling.

  Verijsha looked around, it sounded so there. He shook his head.
  Verijsha finished his shower. Since he was alone he didn’t bother to
put any clothes on. Verijsha dried off and walked to his kitchen. He
pressed on a cabinet, (where he kept his mints when he didn’t go
anywhere) and it opened.
  He grabbed a container and noticed the flask and the sunglasses were
near by it. He remembered all those times on the roof, laughing, joking,
watching the stars, or the sun go up or down. He popped a breath mint in
his mouth and walked away.
  Verijsha walked along the hall and stopped right by a hole in the
wall. It was square, perfectly cut, nine feet deep, a meter off the
ground, a meter wide, and a meter and a half tall. A bed lay on the
bottom of it. There was a pillow at the top, and a ruffled dark blue
comforter covered the bed.
  Verijsha crawled into the bed, no sooner did he cover himself with the
blanket did the ship shake a little.
  Verijsha remembered waking up in the middle of the night, during
storms, to see Ryoko gently sleeping in his bed, cuddled up to him. He
would usually leave her in his bed and go to sleep on the couch nearby.
(he had a couch in his room at the Masaki’s)
  Verijsha slowly drifted to sleep.

                        **********************************************

  Ryoko was on Ryo-Ohki pulling things out of her hair. There were
hairpins and tons of hair implements. (You don’t really think her hair
stays up like that alone do you?) She combed her hair down. It was
shoulder blade length. Ryoko took some water and splashed it on it. She
straitened her it was beautiful. Ryoko was ready.

                  **********************************************
  Washu was at her holographic laptop; she was watching a number rise
exponentially. It was already in the 42 billions.
  “Tenchi!” She called over; Tenchi was helping Washu in the lab at the
time. “Do you know what this is?”
  “No.”
  “It’s a power-level.”
  Tenchi’s eyes went wide, “Who’s?”
  “Verijsha’s.” Washu informed.
  “That’s impossible, no one could have a power level rising that high!”
Tenchi exclaimed.
  “He does, and what concerns me is if Verijsha let out his complete
power he could destroy Worlds, Galaxies, maybe even the universe. And
yet I see a hidden power within him. Also he running and Ryoko is
chasing him, If she aggravates him she could die.” Washu said, “just
pray for her.”
  Tenchi nodded.

                  **********************************************

  (Aint No Mountain High Enough – The Temptations starts playing.)
  “Sir! Sir! Someone is following us!”
  Verijsha heard this and woke up, he quickly put his jeans on strapped
his gun holster around his chest, and holstered his gun. Verijsha walked
to the cockpit.
  A window popped up and he saw Ryo-Ohki in ship form, in hot pursuit of
him.

                **********************************************

  “Faster Ryo-Ohki, For Gods sake, Faster!” Ryoko chanted on.
  “Mrow!!!!” Ryo-Ohki charged on faster.

                **********************************************

  “Shall I slow down and let them come aboard?” Omega Suggested.
  “No,” Verijsha said immediately, “Start program Hermod right now!”
  The ships thrusters lifted up revealing many small pairs of thrusters.
Then the ship flew out of sight.
  (Aint No Mountain High Enough - Temptations end)
  (Dust In The Wind – Kansas starts playing.)
  Ryoko stared at where the ship departed from her; she looked on as if
watching a tragedy had happened in front of her.

                **********************************************

  Three days went by and Ryoko had yet to see another sign of Verijsha.
Ryoko felt it useless to go back to the Masaki home. So she stopped at a
bar in space.
  Ryoko walked by a person at the bar. There was something queerly
familiar about him. He wore a cloak and hood like a bounty hunter would.
Ryoko dismissed the thought.
  Ryoko sat down and ordered a drink. When it came to her a man walked
up to her.
  “What’s a girl like you doing in a place like this?”
  “Looking for a person with a better pick-up line,” Ryoko said smartly.

  “C’mon, you look lonely, lets leave this joint.”
  Ryoko was about to say no, but she figured, why the hell not, she was
never going to find Verijsha, “Ok.”
  “Great I’ll go…” The kid turned around only to look into a blaster
barrel. He heard a cock of a hammer.
  “Only place you’re going is back to your ship, and as for the lady,
‘she’s going home.” Came a familiar voice.
  Ryoko raised her head and saw; it was Verijsha!
  “Ok Man…” the boy held his hands up and ran out of the bar.
  Ryoko looked at Verijsha, “Oh Verijsha!” she opened her arms to hug
him.
  Verijsha halting her, “Consider it a goodbye and good luck present,”
Verijsha said coldly. He returned to his seat at the bar and started to
drink.
  Ryoko snuck out, Ryo-Ohki with her. She snuck onto Omega. Ryoko made
sure a camera didn’t see her.
  Omega took off not ten minutes later. Ryoko, like a cat, watched
Verijsha. She saw him take off his cloak. He didn’t have a shirt on; all
he had on were jeans and his holster. He took his holster off.
  Ryoko watched as Verijsha had one last cigarette. Then he brushed his
teeth. Ryoko watched closely, what saddened her is the glint, the spark
in his eye was god. He seemed lifeless, robotic.
  Verijsha walked down the hall and walked to his bed compartment. He
got into his bed and pulled the comforter of his body.
  Ryoko stood at the foot of his bed compartment. (The only place she
could stand) She looked on at Verijsha sleeping. She couldn’t help
herself, she crawled up Verijsha, and she slowly grew closer to him. She
then felt a grip on her collar.
  Ryoko opened her eyes, just to see two furious golden eyes staring
back at her. She was thrown to the wall on the other side of the hall,
her kimono torn off her. She was wearing a whit bra and panties to
match. Verijsha got up and walked towards her. She was paralyzed by the
rage in his eyes.
  “Omega! What is the nearest planet?”
  “Aulmasta sir!”
  “Ah, that’s a nice planet, you’ll like it.” Verijsha didn’t even
smile.

                **********************************************

  Omega landed, it was raining. The door opened, Verijsha threw Ryoko
out, she skidded on the mud, and she felt her kimono land on her.
  Ryoko felt rage run through her. She flew at Verijsha, grabbed him,
and threw him out on the mud.
  Verijsha spun and slid on his feet, he launched at Ryoko and tackled
her. She kicked him up and he landed on his back in the mud.
  Verijsha jumped up and formed a ball in his right hand. He threw it at
Ryoko who, just barely, dodged it. She saw it go far and turn up it flew
towards the heavens.
  Ryoko launched at Verijsha, Verijsha launched at Ryoko. They met each
other in the middle and they fell to the ground. They started rolling.
Ryoko ended up on top and she pinned Verijsha’s shoulders to the ground.

  (Shook Me All Night Long – AC/DC starts playing.)
  Ryoko and Verijsha into each other’s eyes with fury. Then the fury
fled from their eyes, Ryoko loosened her grip. Ryoko then dropped into
Verijsha’s arms; they hooked into a long passionate kiss. Ryoko put her
hand on his chest, as Verijsha slid his hands up and down her back. They
broke the kiss and Ryoko kissed Verijsha down his chest to his pants.
She unbuckled his pants and slid them down, she didn’t have time to be
surprised that he wasn’t wearing underwear; she was too busy being
surprised by something else. His size. She had read Washu’s mind about
it, but she never dreamed. Although she had seen him in the shower, when
she said nice she meant his ass.
  Ryoko started licking the large member until it became larger and
erect. She the opened her mouth and started to consume it. She licked
the shaft inside her mouth. Verijsha groaned in pleasure, his mouth
dried out. Ryoko licked the slit on the top of his head. That was it;
the member stiffened and blew a load of semen to match the member. Ryoko
swallowed with much effort. She licked her lips.
  Verijsha took hold of her, he spun her around so he was on top, and he
gently laid her down on the mud. They didn’t care where they were.
Verijsha took his hands and unhooked her bra, and spread apart the cup,
revealing her large, succulent breasts. With his right hand he massaged
her left breast, making her moan with passion. He clutched one breast
and started to suckle on it. He licked her nipple inside his mouth. She
moaned just a bit louder. Verijsha took his other hand and slid it down.
He slid his hand under her panties and started to rub, and squeeze her
wet area. It was tight. She moaned louder.
  Verijsha slowly pulled his hand out he panties and gripped the rim. He
then ripped her panties off of her. He slowly caressed down her
perfectly curved body. He started licking her tight nether lips. He took
two fingers and pulled them apart enough to lick inside. She moaned loud
in pleasure. It didn’t take long for her juices to flow a small river.
  Verijsha, slowly, climbed up her. He pinned her shoulders to the
ground. He slowly entered her. Ryoko bit her lip, blood trickled down
her chin, she then cried out in ecstasy. Tears formed at the corners of
her eyes. Verijsha, then pulled back, and with one mighty thrust he
pushed all of it in. Ryoko screamed in pain and pleasure. Verijsha
continued this motion until his member stiffened and sprayed a load of
semen into her. The both climaxed, lightning struck nearby, and thunder
followed closely with it. They didn’t care, even though feeling the rain
slide down their nude bodies. Ryoko felt bliss.
  Ryoko spun Verijsha around so she was on top. She slid up and down his
stiff member, moaning with pleasure. Verijsha put his hands on her
waist, guiding her. She put her hands on his chest. Ryoko screamed. She
arched her back climaxing as she felt the warm load explode into her.
Verijsha arched. Ryoko started having multiple climaxes, no breaks
between them. She fell into Verijsha’s arms. They fell into a passionate
kiss, Verijsha lapped up the blood trickling down her chin. They broke
the kiss and laid on they’re side. The looked into each other’s eyes,
and slowly drifted to sleep.

                                                   THE END

       (Ending sequence) A Picture of Verijsha walking into the set sun,
his back to the camera, the stone of the road beneath his feet. His
shadow elongated, beneath him. Holding his gun over his right shoulder.
The other characters appear in a slow phase one by one, walking with him
one by one. Omega flies over Verijsha's head, and finally Ryo-Ohki
appears on Verijsha's shoulder. The camera zooms in to Ryo-Ohki smiling
and closing eyes. (Accompanied with the Closing Song - Turn The Page -
Mettalica)

       (Preview Sequence) Hi this Verijsha, well it’s finally happened.
(Picture what happened just before appears) but where do we go now?
(Picture of Ryoko thinking deeply) find out next time on The Newest
Tenchi Muyo Series The Path Of The Traveler VIII: Home Sweet Home?

   Authors Note: Well, I hope you liked it. If you did e-mail me at
gamekeeper@shawhan.net if you didn’t like it, e-mail me at
gamekeeper@shawhan.net send me MST’s Flames, how you liked it, how you
didn’t. Anything. I hope to see YOUR e-mail.

  And do not worry; I will inform you when I finish my book.

  The Fallen Gamekeeper.
