Tenchi Muyo! and all of the characters in this fan
fiction are owned by AIC and Pioneer.  I own nothing,
except for the story.  Please, don't sue me!

*********************************************************
   
   ***  ***  *  *  * *
   ***   *   ** *  **
   *     *   * **  **
   *    ***  *  *  * * 


PINK - part two

written by: jim jurai 

*****

Ayeka slowly walked up the hallway, practicing what she
would say to Tenchi.  "Lord Tenchi, I love you," Ayeka
thought out-loud.  "No, I can't just blurt it out like
that," Ayeka dismissed the idea.  The princess stood
nervously in front of Tenchi's door.  "What's that
noise?"  Ayeka pressed her ear against the door, "Ryoko,
that shameless hussy."

"Come on Tenchi," Ryoko said seductively.  "You know you
want to."

"Ryoko, please stop it," Tenchi pleaded with the
determined demoness.  

Ryoko kissed Tenchi on the lips and then slowly worked
her way down to his chest.  Ryoko ripped Tenchi's shirt
from his body.  "Oh Tenchi, this is going to be so much
fun," Ryoko giggled.

"Please Ryoko, stop it!"  Tenchi shouted.

"No way, Tenchi," Ryoko laughed.  "This is the day." 
Tenchi tried to push Ryoko away, but she was too strong.
Ryoko penned Tenchi's arms down to his side.  "Don't make
me have to tie you up, Tenchi."  Outside Tenchi's bedroom
door, Ayeka was turning four shades of red.  

"There's going to be a whole lot of loving going on!"
Ryoko grinned as she reached for Tenchi's pants.

"Ryoko, please let go of me," Tenchi struggled franticly,
and finally got his arms free.  "RYOKO!"  Tenchi swung
his right hand and slapped Ryoko hard across the face.

Ayeka, who was about to interrupt the love fest, stopped
in her tracks when she heard the slap.  "Oh my goodness,"
Ayeka peeked through a crack in the door.

Tenchi quickly checked to make sure his pants hadn't been
unzipped.  Ryoko was at the foot of Tenchi's bed floating
just a couple of feet above the floor.  "Tenchi," Ryoko
whispered with tears flowing from her golden eyes.  "Are
you upset with me?"

"I'm sorry, Ryoko," Tenchi tried to apologize.  Ryoko
sadly descended down through the floor and out of the
room.

"Oh no," Tenchi began to cry to himself.  "I shouldn't
have hit her like that, but she wouldn't stop."

***

The Masaki Shrine...

A very exhausted Noboyuki walked up the steps to the
shrine.  "Dang, I'm tired," Noboyuki muttered and
collapsed onto the ground.

"Son-in-law," Yosho noticed Noboyuki lying on the ground.
"I thought you were suppose to be working today.  Its
only 10:00 A.M."

"I took off early.  I had to make sure nothing gets
screwed up."  Noboyuki slowly stood to his feet, "I
rushed to get back as quickly as possible.  Where's
Kiyone?"

"Kiyone's taking a break in the shade," Yosho pointed
across the yard toward Kiyone.

"Did you get any good shots?"  Noboyuki asked.

"A few," Yosho grinned proudly.

"Let me see," Noboyuki grabbed the camera and examined
it carefully.  "Just as I thought," Noboyuki frowned.
"There's no film in the damn thing."

"What?"  Yosho was very upset.

"On my way to work this morning, I couldn't remember if
I put any film in the camera.  I knew something like 
this would happen.  First the video tape and now this,"
Noboyuki was on the verge of crying.  "I'll have to run
down to the house and get some film."

"Make sure you don't mention anything to Mihoshi," Yosho
warned.  "She'll raise hell if she finds out you took her
Sailor Moon t-shirt."

"I'm not an idiot," Noboyuki grumbled.  "I don't know why
you insisted on having Kiyone wear that damn shirt
anyway.  The pink cotton panties alone are plenty sexy."

"I wanted to see Kiyone in the Sailor Moon t-shirt,"
Yosho crossed his arms and stared angrily at his son-in-
law.  "So back off!"

***

(Washu's Lab)...

Washu was busy working on some kind of new invention when
Ryoko tele-ported into the lab.  "Washu," Ryoko spoke
sadly.  "I need your help."

"Not now, I'm busy," Washu never looked up.

"Washu, I need your help," Ryoko persisted.  "Tenchi
won't succumb to my advances."

"My theory is correct," Washu sighed.  "He has control."

"What the hell are you talking about?"  Ryoko asked.
"And what's that thing your wearing on your head?"

"This is a my bad plot assassin cap," Washu answered.
"It keeps me smart, and protects me from the crazy..."

"Hey Washu, what the hell are you doing?"  a voice
interrupted.

"What the heck is going on?"  Ryoko looked around the
room.  "Where did that voice come from?"

"So, the rat comes out of his hole," Washu grinned.  

"Washu, you're suppose to agree to make a horny pill,"
the voice screamed.  "So Ryoko can get Tenchi in the
sack."

"I'm not going along with this plot anymore," Washu
laughed and adjusted her head gear.

"How the hell is this possible?"  the voice panicked.

"I'm the greatest scientific genius in the universe,"
Washu chuckled.  "It wasn't very difficult for me to
figure things out.  I noticed that everyone in the house
was getting dumber and acting out of character, including
myself."

"What are you planning to do, Washu?"  the voice asked.

"I'm going to pull the plug on this little lemon of
yours," Washu crossed her arms and smiled.

"What about the pill that makes everyone horny?"  the
voice inquired.  "The pill is imperative for the story
to continue."

"There will be no horny pill," Washu insisted.

Ryoko stood in the corner with a puzzled look on her
face.  "Can you really create a pill that would make
Tenchi horny?"  Ryoko was very interested.

"My poor feeble minded daughter," Washu placed her hands
on Ryoko's cheeks.  "This jerk will pay for depicting you
as a raving loon."

"What the hell?"  Ryoko pulled herself away from Washu.
"Have you gone mad, Washu?  Is this some kind of
experimental mind game your playing on me?"  Ryoko tele-
ported from the room.

"Shall we continue the story," the voice questioned.

"Not with my cooperation," Washu answered.

"Well fine!"  the voice shouted.  "The story will
continue without you, or your horny pill."  

"I'll be seeing you soon," Washu spoke to the voice.
"Then you'll get yours."

"Blah, blah, blah," the voice mocked.  "I'm really
scared."

"And you should be," Washu laughed.

***

Noboyuki arrived at the back entrance of the house.
"First, I'll go inside and get the film," Noboyuki
thought out-loud.  "Then, I'll take some sexy pictures
of Kiyone.  Finally, I'll return Mihoshi's Sailor Moon
t-shirt."  Noboyuki was very pleased with this plan,
"Mihoshi will never know that I took it."

"Mihoshi will never know what?"  Mihoshi asked as she
rubbed her eyes.  Noboyuki had been in such a hurry that
he hadn't noticed the blonde beauty, who just woke from a
nap on the porch.

"Uhh, nothing," Noboyuki stuttered nervously.

"Have you seen, Kiyone?"  Mihoshi yawned.

"She's helping Grandpa clean the shrine," Noboyuki was
relieved that Mihoshi changed the subject.

"I think I'll go check on her," Mihoshi stood and dusted
her clothes.  Mihoshi walked happily in the direction of
the shrine.  

"If Mihoshi goes to the shrine, she'll find out that
I took her Sailor Moon t-shirt," Noboyuki perspired.
"The hell with it; Mihoshi and that damn shirt are
Yosho's problem."  Noboyuki wiped the sweat from his
brow and went into the house.

"Dammit Ryo-ohki!"  Noboyuki shouted as he entered his
bedroom.  "How many times do I have to tell you..."
Noboyuki cringed when he looked at the skid marks on his
new carpet.  

Ryo-ohki had eaten over twenty carrots in the last half
an hour, and was filled to the brim.  The cabbit needed
to get rid of some waste, so she ran to Noboyuki's room,
crawled beneath the bed and took a big shit in the floor.
Ryo-ohki, then preceded to wipe herself by sliding her
ass across the bedroom floor.

Noboyuki walked across the room, watching his step, and
opened his dresser drawer.  "There it is, a brand new
roll of film."

Ryo-ohki jumped onto Noboyuki's bed and purred, "Miya."

"Get your shitty ass off of my bed!"  Noboyuki shouted.

Sasami had heard the commotion from the living room and
decided to investigate.  "What's going on, Mr. Masaki?"

"That fur-ball did her business all over my new carpet,"
Noboyuki complained.  

"Ryo-ohki, how could you," Sasami scolded.

"Miya," Ryo-ohki shrugged her shoulders.

"Golly Gee Mr. Masaki, did you take off work today,
because Tenchi broke his fucking leg?"  Sasami asked as
she lifted her furry friend off the bed.

"Tenchi broke his leg?"  Noboyuki was surprised.

"Yea," Sasami answered.  "Tenchi fell down the stairs."

"Clumsy," Noboyuki thought to himself.  "When will that
boy ever get his thumb out of his ass."

"Come with me to the living room, Ryo-ohki," Sasami
commanded the cabbit.  "And leave Tenchi's Dad alone."  

"I know I'm not your father Sasami, but I don't believe
little girls should be using such a vulgar adjective,"
Noboyuki explained to the young princess before she left
the room.

"What vulgar adjective, Mr. Masaki?"  Sasami was
confused.  

"The F-word," Noboyuki answered.  "That's not a proper
word for young ladies."

"I'm sorry, Mr. Masaki," Sasami apologized.  "I was just
repeating what Ayeka told me."  Sasami set Ryo-ohki down
and patted her on the head, "Let's go, Ryo-ohki."  The
cabbit followed Sasami out the door, but not before
grabbing a broken video tape that was lying on the floor.

"How very arousing," Noboyuki scratched his chin while
thinking to himself.  "Ayeka said fucking."   

***

The Masaki Shrine...

Mihoshi skipped happily up the steps of the Masaki
Shrine.  "Hello Grandpa," Mihoshi yelled with a smile.
"Have you seen Kiyone?"

Yosho recognized the voice instantly.  "She's going to
ruin everything," Yosho perspired as he gazed across the
yard and saw Mihoshi.  "What did Kiyone do with that
Sailor Moon t-shirt.  I've got to keep Mihoshi from
seeing it."

"There she is," Mihoshi cheered.  Kiyone was standing
next to the shrine filling a bucket with clean water.

"I'm sorry, Mihoshi," Yosho said nervously.  "But Kiyone
is very busy right now.  Can you come back later?"

"I suppose," Mihoshi said with a very disappointed
expression on her face.

"Very well," Yosho patted Mihoshi on the back and walked
her toward the shrine steps.

"Wait a minute," Mihoshi came to a sudden halt.  "That
looks like my..." Mihoshi bent over and picked up a dirty
& sweaty article of clothing from the ground.  "It's my
Sailor Moon t-shirt," Mihoshi's eyes filled with tears.

"Are you okay, Miss Mihoshi?"  Yosho slowly stepped away
from the upset galaxy policewoman.

"Someone has ruined my Sailor Moon t-shirt!"  Mihoshi
screamed when she noticed a tear down the side of the
shirt.

***

Ryoko was standing in the living room with her ear
pressed against the door of Washu's lab.  Ayeka casually
walked into the living room and noticed Ryoko.  "What's
going on, devil woman?"  Ayeka asked.

"Not that its any of your business, but I'm eaves-
dropping on Washu," Ryoko turned around and looked at the
princess.  "Something very strange is going on in that
lab."

"Oh my," Ayeka placed her hand over her mouth.  "How did
you get that horrible bruise on your face?"

"What?"  Ryoko felt her cheek.  "You mean there's a
bruise."

"What happened, Ryoko?"  Ayeka chuckled.  "Did you fall
off a whore wagon, or something?"

Ryoko grabbed Ayeka by the throat, "What do you know
about anything, you little slut?"

"I heard everything that happened upstairs a moment
ago," Ayeka gasped for air.  "You're wasting your time,
Ryoko."

"You eavesdropped on Tenchi and me," Ryoko growled.

"You're eavesdropping on Washu," Ayeka pulled herself out
of Ryoko's tight grip.  "Besides, what did you think
would happen?  Did you think that Tenchi would just lay
there and let you have your way with him?"

"Tenchi needs me," Ryoko whispered softly.

"Lord Tenchi would never betray me, and sleep with the
likes of you," Ayeka replied.

"And Tenchi would never choose a stuck up little bitch
like you, when he could have me," Ryoko clenched her
fists.

Meanwhile, Sasami was setting on the living room sofa
watching television.  Ryo-ohki jumped onto the couch and
sat next to the little princess.  "There's never anything
on T.V., Ryo-ohki," Sasami complained.  "I've seen this 
episode of Dragonball Z one hundred times."

"Miya," Ryo-ohki shook her head up and down.

"Yea," Sasami continued her complaint.  "It's that same
episode were Goku tries to learn how to drive a car."

"Miya," Ryo-ohki purred and reached Sasami the tape she
retrieved from Noboyuki's bedroom.

"What's this, Ryo-ohki?"  Sasami asked.  "Is this your
tape of the Smurfs, that you lost a few days ago?"

"Miya," Ryo-ohki shrugged her shoulders.

"It's broken," Sasami said as she inspected the tape.
"Maybe Washu can fix it," Sasami smiled happily and ran
to the door leading to Washu's lab.  Ryoko and Ayeka were
standing at the entrance arguing, but didn't notice
Sasami as she walked through the door.  

"Miss Washu," Sasami yelled as she stepped into the lab.
"I need your help, Miss Washu."  Washu was setting at a
table working on a new invention, and was startled when
Sasami tapped her on the shoulder.  "I need you to fix
Ryo-ohki's Smurf tape, Miss Washu."  Without saying a
word, Washu grabbed the tape, fixed it in a matter of
seconds and handed it back to Sasami.  "Thanks, Miss
Washu," Sasami smiled and left the room.

"I really need to put a lock on that door," Washu griped
as she continued with her work.

"Hey Washu," a voice interrupted.

"What do you want?"  Washu spoke in an angry tone.

"Have you finally come to your senses and decided to go
along with the story?"  the voice asked.

"Of course not," Washu replied.  "Why even ask such a
stupid question?"

"Well you just fixed Noboyuki's video tape, which was
broken in part one of this story," the voice explained.

"What!"  Washu was displeased.

"You mean you didn't know," the voice laughed.  "Why
don't you just put the nurse uniform back on."

"SILENCE!"  Washu shouted.

"If you don't mind my asking," the voice questioned.
"What are you working on, Washu?"

"You'll find out," Washu grumbled.

"When will I find out?"  

"Probably in part three of this nonsense," Washu smirked.
"That's when this lame excuse for a fanfic will meet its
end."

***

Tenchi's Room...

"So Tenchi, Sasami told me that you broke your leg,"
Noboyuki said as he entered Tenchi's bedroom.

"Yea," Tenchi answered.  "Aren't you suppose to be at
work, Dad?"

"I have some important business to take care of here at
home," Noboyuki sat in the chair next to Tenchi's bed.
"Why is this torn shirt and food lying on the floor?"

"Ryoko," Tenchi replied.  This one word answer was
sufficient for Noboyuki, so he dropped the subject.

"Well lets see the damage," Noboyuki frowned. 

Tenchi moved his injured leg from underneath the blanket.
"HAA, HAA, HAA!"  Noboyuki laughed out loud.  "A pink
cast."

"I knew you would laugh at me," Tenchi grumbled.

"It's not so bad son," Noboyuki grinned.  "Girls love
that sissy color."

"Dad, can I tell you something?"  Tenchi began to shiver.
"There's something that I really need to get off of my
chest."

"Sure son, you can tell your old man anything," Noboyuki
smiled and slapped Tenchi on the knee.

"OUCH!  my leg!"  Tenchi shouted.

"Sorry about that," Noboyuki laughed.

"Maybe I shouldn't," Tenchi mumbled.  "You'll probably
think I'm a wussy little sissy boy, and loose a lot of
respect toward me."

"Ridiculous," Noboyuki insisted.  "You live in a house
with two beautiful girls who practically throw their
bodies at you, and you just sat there and don't do a
damned thing.  If I haven't called you a wussy little
sissy boy by now; I never will.  Besides, I could never
disrespect my own son."

"Okay Dad, but don't laugh," Tenchi trembled as he
unzipped his pants.  "You see, Dad."

Noboyuki jumped from his seat and quickly stepped away
from Tenchi's bed.  "I've really got to be going,"
Noboyuki stuttered.  "Your Grandpa is waiting for me."

"DAD!"  Tenchi screamed as Noboyuki ran from the room.

***

In The Living Room...

Noboyuki rushed down the stairs and out the front door as
Ayeka and Ryoko stood next to the entrance of Washu's
lab, arguing over who would get Tenchi.  "I have a most
perfect plan," Ayeka glowed with delight.

"What could a silly girl like you know about anything," 
Ryoko retorted furiously.

"Sasami has arranged a meeting between Tenchi and
myself," Ayeka grinned.  "I shall announce my love for
Tenchi."

"What a joke," Ryoko laughed.

"I shall announce my love for Tenchi," Ayeka continued.
"We will leave this planet, and rule Jurai as king and
queen.  Fate has already determined that this is the
proper path for Tenchi to travel.  After all, Tenchi is
the rightful ruler of Jurai, and I am the first crowned
Princess."

Ryoko couldn't help but giggle at this insane idea.  "You
really are delusional, aren't you Princess?  Tenchi
isn't interested in power, and he especially isn't
interested in you or your foolish traditions."  

"Well, if all else fails," Ayeka said as she slowly began
to pull her dress up to her waist.  "As you can see, my
dear Ryoko, I have an offer that Tenchi will not be able
to refuse.  Unlike your stretched out of proportion..."

"Shut Up," Ryoko growled as she gazed at Ayeka's tight
virgin pussy.  "You are a sneaky little piece of trash
aren't you.  Always acting so innocent, and know your off
to flaunt your stuff.  You don't even wear panties."

Ayeka glowed red with anger, "For your information, I
couldn't find my panties this morning."

"What's wrong, did you forget where you took them off,"
Ryoko smirked.  "Go ahead, and do your best to seduce my
Tenchi.  I have nothing to worry about, because Tenchi
will never choose you."

"Are you so confident that Tenchi will not be pleased
with what I have to offer," Ayeka chuckled mischievously.
"Very well, I shall seduce Tenchi, and you'll only be
remembered as the space whore, who tried to break up our
perfect union."

"Tenchi will never succumb to Ayeka's advances," Ryoko
thought to herself as a bead of sweat ran down her face.

***

The Masaki Shrine...

Mihoshi fell to her knees and wept over the
tattered shirt.  "How could someone do this to my
favorite t-shirt."

Kiyone noticed her crying partner across the yard, and
decided to walk over and see what was going on.  "What
are you bawling about this time?"

"Someone ruined my Sailor Moon t-shirt," Mihoshi cried as
she held the sweaty, dirty & torn garment in her arms.

"That was your shirt," Kiyone looked across her shoulder
at a terrified Yosho.

"You act as if you know what happened to my Sailor Moon
t-shirt," Mihoshi stared at her partner.

"Well Mihoshi, I'm kind of responsible for your shirts
condition," Kiyone admitted.  "However..."

"WHAT!"  Mihoshi jumped to her feet.  "You did this to my
Sailor Moon t-shirt."

"Hold on a second," Kiyone tried to explain.  "Yosho made
me wear the shirt while..."

"Quiet!"  Mihoshi screamed.  "You're always mean to me,
and this is just another instance.  You don't respect me,
you always insult me, and you're bossy.  You probably
did this on purpose."

"What's your problem?"  Kiyone took the offensive.  "Just
let me explain, you ditzy airhead."

"You're just jealous because I'm prettier than you,"
Mihoshi announced.  "That's why you always act like
you're smarter than me."

"Don't make me laugh," Kiyone chuckled.

Meanwhile, Yosho hid himself behind a tree and spied on
the arguing females.  "Hot Digity, Damn!"  Yosho's fear
had turned into excitement.  "This is going to be some
good fun.  Where the hell is Noboyuki and that damn
camera."

***

In The Living Room...

Sasami put the video tape, which Washu had repaired, into
the VCR so she and Ryo-ohki could watch.  "Ayeka, would
you and Ryoko like to watch the Smurfs with Ryo-ohki and
me?"  the young princess interrupted their argument.

"Sure, why not," Ryoko answered.  "This conversation with
your sister is getting old anyway."

"How about you Ayeka?"  Sasami smiled at her older
sister.

"Sure Sasami," Ayeka replied.

"Great!"  Sasami cheered.

"This will give me time to practice what I will say to
Lord Tenchi," Ayeka thought to herself.

Everyone sat on the living room couch.  Ryoko sat on one
side, Ayeka sat on the other, while Sasami and Ryo-ohki
sat in the middle.  "Press the play button Ryo-ohki,"
Sasami instructed the cabbit.  Ryo-ohki pressed the play
button on the remote control with her paw.

Ryoko and Ayeka were shocked at what they saw on the T.V.
screen.  "Hey thats not the Smurfs," Sasami gasped.
Ayeka quickly placed her hands over her little sisters
eyes.

"No kidding," Ryoko exclaimed as she stared at the
television.  

"That's Mihoshi and Kiyone," Ayeka could barely catch her
breathe.  

(Mohoshi slowly slipped her tongue into Kiyone's waiting
mouth.  The teal haired policewoman excepted her partners
affection with great eagerness.)

"Wow," Ryoko was amazed.  "Who would have ever thought...
And from the look of it, this isn't their first time."

(Mohoshi worked her way down to Kiyone's breast, and
began licking & sucking passionately.  Kiyone moaned
gently as she squeezed Mihoshi's firm ass.)

"Ryoko," Ayeka screamed as she held her hands over
Sasami's innocent eyes.  "Turn that off!" 

"Its just now getting to the good stuff," Ryoko grinned.

"What's going on?"  Sasami struggled to remove her
sister's hands.  "I want to see."

Ryoko floated over to the T.V. and ejected the video
tape.  "Looks like Noboyuki has been making home movies."

"I think you should destroy that obscenity at once,"
Ayeka said as she released Sasami.

"Are you kidding," Ryoko laughed.  "I can't wait until
Mihoshi and Kiyone see this."  Ryoko placed the tape down
her shirt and tele-ported from the room.

"Instigator," Ayeka sighed.

"What's an instigator, Ayeka?"  Sasami asked.

"Someone who likes to stir shit up," Ayeka explained.

"Oooh, thats gross," Sasami frowned.

***

The Masaki Shrine...

"Stop making fun of me!"  Mihoshi stumped the ground.

"Why don't you just settle down, Mihoshi," Kiyone
reasoned.  "It's just a silly shirt."

"A silly shirt!"  Mihoshi screamed.  "I ought to...  
Wait a minute, those look like my pink panties.  Why
in the living hell are you wearing my pink panties?"

"These are your panties," Kiyone looked down at her
sweaty underwear.

"I want my pink panties!"  Mihoshi yelled as she tackled
her best friend.  The element of surprise had given
Mihoshi the advantage as she and Kiyone wrestled to the
ground.  Mihoshi managed to get on top of her partner,
and she forcefully pulled the panties down Kiyone's long
sexy legs.

Kiyone used her position to kick Mihoshi away.  "Are you
crazy!"  Kiyone gasped for air.  Mihoshi lay on the
ground holding her pink panties close to her heart.

"Sweet Mother of Jurai," Yosho mumbled as he gazed at the
grappling beauties.  "If I don't get some blood flow back
to my brain soon, I'm going to pass out."  Yosho dropped
his robe and stroked his huge erection.

"Dammit, Mihoshi," Kiyone griped.  "I hope you're happy
with your stupid panties."

"Oh, I am," Mihoshi smiled happily as she examined her
underwear.

"I should put my old clothes back on," Kiyone thought
out-loud.  "I can't stand around naked from the waist
down."

"Oh no!"  Mihoshi burst into tears.

"What's wrong now?"

"These aren't my pink panties," Mihoshi stood to her feet
and wailed.  "These panties have someone else's initials
on them."

"Not her panties," Yosho was a little surprised by the
announcement.

"What are the initials?"  Kiyone inquired.

"A.M.," Mihoshi replied.

"Yosho, has some explaining to do," Kiyone was very
confused and upset.

"This might help explain a little," Ryoko suddenly
appeared from nowhere, holding a video tape in her hand.

"What could possibly be on that tape," Yosho stopped
rubbing his cock and quickly fastened his robe.  "This is
all Noboyuki's fault."

To Be Continued...

***

Thanks for reading...

Send your comments to:  jimjurai@yahoo.com
 



