First of all i do not own any of these characters, they are merely being
used, pioneer and aic own them. i am not making any profit from this and do
not wish to.
This is my first tale and uhh kinda nervous so let me know what you think

******************************************************************************

It was just after dinner in the Masaki household and the entire residence
was scatter about the house, Ayeka upstairs in her room, Mr. Masaki and
Yosho outside having a drink, Washu in her lab, Mihoshi and Kiyohne watching
the television, and Tenchi in the dining room helping Sasami (who is now an
adult thanks to Washu) being pestered by Ryoko as usual.

Ryoko slyly incouraged tenchi, "Tenchi come to the living room we can watch
a romantice film"

Ryoko smiled as Tenchi sighed and replied, "No Ryoko maybe if you would help
once in a while then I wouldn't have to do so much"
Ryoko grinned playfully and wispered in his ear, "i'm going to give you a
surprise tonight tenchi"  then Sasami broke in "It's alright Tenchi you can
go off i'll finish up here"

Tenchi looked at Sasami and smiled he would never do that, but Ryoko was
more than persistant in fact she actually picked Tenchi up and took him to
the living room with Mihoshi and Kiyohne who rolled her eyes at Ryoko and
Tenchi as they sat down by the two.

Tenchi yelled "Hey watch it Ryoko i wasn't finished helping!"
Ryoko just grinned and said "You heard Sasami she said you could come out
here with me and watch a movie"
Mihoshi interrupted the fight with some well placed advice, "Hi you two! I'm
sure Sasami can handle it espescially now that she can turn into an adult!"
Kiyohne smiled and agreed, "Yeah Tenchi come watch a movie with us!"

Tenchi let out a sigh and told them he would.

Ryoko cooed in Tenchi's ear, "What movie shall we watch Tenchi? a scary one
or romantic?"

Ryoko cuddled up near Tenchi as did Mihoshi and Kiyohne, Tenchi, caught in
the middle of the all of them laughed nervously though he secretly liked it.

"Oh not a scary one they're too frightening how about space police
policemen?", Mihoshi said thickly. Kiyohne growled and snapped, "Mihoshi no
one wants to watch your stupid cartoons, how about a romantic flick i just
picked on up from the movie rental shop"

Mihoshi muttered that it wasn't stupid under her breath but no one heard
her, or for that matter cared.

Ryoko grinned ear to ear and said eagerly "Sounds good to me what do you say
Tenchi?"
 "Sure that sounds great guys.....eh sorry girls... no wait ladies", Tenchi
quickly changed it seeing the looks on the girls faces.

Just then Sasami cam in from the kitchen and sat down and snuggled up by
tenchi too. Tenchi sighed at this new edition, but didn't mind.

Tenchi very eager to get back on their good sides said brightly, "Hello
Sasami, hey what is the movie about Kiyohne?"

Kiyohne seemed to forgive him as did everyone else and added just as
brightly, "It's about two lovers who are seperated by a war and strive to
get each other back thru many hardships" Tenchi thought it sounded good and
voiced his opinion, "That sounds great Kiyohne!" Mihoshi recovered from
Kiyohne's comment, "Oh that sounds so romantic!" Sasami said, "This will be
fun!"
Ryoko grumbled, "That sounds like a remake but", she grinned "as long as
Tenchi is hear i don't mind"

At that Ryoko purred softly against Tenchi shoulders. Ayeka was just coming
down the stairs when she saw them all around Tenchi she called out in her
high annoying, yet attractively sweet voice.

Ayeka looked about suspisciously "Lord Tenchi what are you doing!?." "We
were just sitting down to a movie care to join us Ayeka?", Tenchi answered.
Ryoko was not pleased, "booo get out of here we were just starting to have
some fun!"

Ayeka scowled at Ryoko and came down to join them making sure she was
especially close to Tenchi cuddling up against him too.

Ayeka said snapped quickly "See now just stop your bitching Ryoko and watch
the movie"

Ryoko grumbled but to everyones surprise said nothing more. Kiyohne popped
in the movie, and everybody settled down and watched the credits roll by
then the movie started.

*****************************************************************

It was drawing near an adult part of the movie, and tenchi was getting
uncomfortable with all these girls around him, as he could feel them growing
excited.

Tenchi thought of a way to get out and quickly used it, "uhhhhhh kiyohne
don't you think this isn't appropriate for sasami, and i'm starting to get
tired........"

At his words the girls, looking very annoyed, grumbled but never the less
agreed. Tenchi thanked the gods that they did not put up a fight and decided
to go on a stroll to the masaki shrine...... Tenchi breathed in the crisp
night air smiling, he saw Ryoko appear near him though she didn't seem to
see him his smile quickly turned to a look that would say, "gods does she
ever quit?". Tenchi quickly dodged behind a tree, Ryoko during discouraged
after looking for awhile floated back to the masaki house. Tenchi resumed
his walk, dreading returning home for ryoko's "surprise". as he walked he
began have impure thoughts about the movie *i wonder if i am becoming a
pervert* Tenchi thought with a scowl only to see Washu step out in front of
him.

This startled Tenchi nervously and he yelped, "oh uh hi there little washu
what are you doing out here?"

Washu smiled her cocky little smile.

Washu said, "good evening tenchi, i could ask the same question of you, but
i won't. its a good thing i ran into you Tenchi because i wanted to try out
my new invention.................."

She continued to smile, unnerving Tenchi. Tenchi, feeling the need to get
away from her backed up slightly, tripped and fell down the stairs, hitting
his head and going blank.........

******************************************************************************

Tenchi woke up on the couch with ryoko sitting in a chair drunk and snoring,
ayeka watching him closely sighed in relief.

Ayeka smiled seeing him awake, "hello lord tenchi, that was quite a fall, no
don't move!" she quickly added as tenchi tried to sit up. Tenchi said
thickly "i'm fine ayeka stop worrying" he gave her a sheepish grin and sat
up, then standing  up and swaying "see i'm fine" he yawned "now if you don't
mind i'd like to be going to bed i'm tired."

Tenchi raced off as fast as he could manage before Ayeka could stop him. As
he was climbing the stairs he thought he heard a giggle but could see
nothing. Tenchi shrugged it off, went into his room, and quickly got into
bed.

*******************************************************************************

Lying in bed tenchi sighed, relieved to finally be free of the women of the
masaki house for the night at least. Just before he fell asleep he turned to
his side to see a pair yellow cat eyes staring at him....................

**********************************************************************************

k so thats it lemme know how you liked it at