tell me what you think! gabriella122@hotmail.com
It is a quiet morning at the Masaki house. Suprising,
considering all of the people who lived there. Only
the night before, the house had been shaking at its
seams with the howls of women. Sasami was laughing
hysterically at Ryoko's fingers getting stuck in
Aeika's nose, how they got there was a mystery! Of
course Washu in her deligent help, let the poor
princess and demon girl stew in their anger for an
hour before deciding to pour a little oil on the area.

"Now I'm going to have a zit!" Aeika cried,while
massaging her nose.
"Not nearly as bad," growled Ryoko, "as feeling your
nose hairs! Really princess, you should consider
trimming those!"
The whole night went on like this, until the girls
passed out from exhaustion.
*********************************************
Tenchi awoke to the song of a beautiful lark trilling
is tune. He blinked, and pushed the covers of his bed
aside. Padding softly, he dressed and headed down to
the kitchen. Poor Sasami! Nothing was cooking, she
must have been dead tired from listening to all of
last nights racket. Tenchi pushed the rice-screen door
aside, and slipped on his heavy shoes. The morning air
was crisp and carried with it the smell of spring and
life.
Grabbing his basket and hoe, Tenchi strolled down the
road, whistling. As he walked that same happy lark
came and soared above his head. On impulse he followed
it. The Gods only knew that he needed to start on the
spring planting,however, today he felt so light
hearted that he decided to start in the field later.
The bird changed course and then rested on the branch
of a cherry tree. Tenchi dropped his basket and garden
tools, they barely made a sound as they hit the
ground. Feeling a feeling from childhood, Tenchi
smiled lightly and plopped on his butt. He tore his
shoes from his feet, the pants from his body and next
his shirt. The Gods in heaven smiled down on him, what
a beautiful creature they had made in Tenchi Masaki.
Long powerful arms and sturdy legs, bright eyes and
the beginning of a mans body coming from its youth.
Tenchi grabbed hold of a branch and began to climb, he
often did this as a child. Swinging periously from
branches over the water. Nearly to the top Tenchi
stopped and looked down. Something had caught his eye.
There in the water was a figure, lithe and sinuous it
tore through the water. "A mermaid?!?" Tenchi thought.
Suddenly the figure broke surface, a girl raising her
arms to heaven, flung back her neck. The water
droplets flipped from her hair rained back down like
diamonds in the morning sun. It was Ryoko!!!
Tenchi almost fell out of the tree! He stared and
rubbed his eyes in disbelief. Sure he had known she
was beautiful, but here she was framed by the wild
beauty of nature, her golden skin soft and glowing in
dawns light. Water droplets clung to her breasts and
lips.
Tenchi's mouth grew dry and he began to shake. He
could not tear his eyes away from the vision before
him. Leaning back into the trunk, Tenchi followed
Ryoko with his eyes. He learned more in that moment
about her, and about himself than he ever thought he
had known. He had only thought of her as Ryoko, the
demon girl with the cat eyes, and mischevious sense of
humor. The girl with trouble on her mind and in her
swaying hips. He had never seen this girl, the one who
splashed in the water, and laughed at the pure joy of
being alive. He smiled as she sprayed water out of her
mouth like a fountain. Tenchi's chest rose and fell
heavily, she was so beautiful, so innocent, so damn
sexy...he thought he was going to die!
Ryoko began to swim to shore, Tenchi, sensing the
danger of being caught, frantically tried to climb
down the tree, his foot mis-stepped and comically
waving his arms he fell into the water....and right
onto Ryoko.