My name: Kakarotte
My E-mail: philwildthing@aol.com
Title of story: Ryokos night with mihoshi
Type:Lemon

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
I do not own any of these characters, they are AIC and pioneers. So don't
sew me. Got it?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

It was late at night and the house was empty, except for Ryoko and Mihoshi.
Ryoko was laying in her bed thinking of tenchi and the erection he had the
other day. Mihoshi was in her room, having nothing to do. Mihoshi then,
without any reason, Looked down her pants. This was the first time she
actually noticed her genitals. She cautiously looked around and slipped two
fingers inside. It felt so good to her, she loved it. Back in Ryokos room,
Ryoko couldn't stop thinking of tenchi so she masturbated a little herself.
The difference was, Ryoko was making loud groaning sounds of pleasure. In
the
other room, Mihoshi heard Ryoko and became curious. Mihoshi creeped out the
do
or and down the hall to Ryokos door wich was open at a crack. Mihoshi peeked
in, and saw Ryoko nude masterbating wildly. Suddenly, Ryoko spotted Mihoshi
and beamed out. Mihoshi, frightened, started for her room, but the nude
Ryoko
beamed before her. " Your a little to young to be waching me do that". Ryoko
pointed at her pussy," Do you know what this is?". Mihoshi noded yes. Ryoko
grabed mihoshis pajamas and tore them off. Mihoshi was exposed, nude before
Ryoko. Ryoko got on her knees, " You are very young, but very beutiful."
Mihoshi started to get the idea of what was happening and kept listening. "
Do you think im beutiful Mihoshi"?. Mihoshi noded yes again. Ryoko grabed
Mihoshi by the hand and took her into her room. Roko rested Mihoshi ontop of
her and carresed Mihoshis butt. Mihoshi suddenly became exited and gave
Ryokos breats a quick squeeze. " Now your getting it!" Exlaimed Ryoko. Ryoko
turned Mihoshi so her back was on Ryokos chest and started rubbing Mihoshis
pussy. Mihoshi grabbed the back of Ryokos head and started squeeling
happily.It went on like this for hours untill morning when the rest returned
from a campout.

                          The end

         Stay tuned for part two.........The scary encounter!
