Disclaimer: I do not own tenchi muyo or any other charter's they belong 
to they people who made them up and blah blah blah you get the point 
right  so please dont sue me it's not like you will really get anything 
from me anyway's the story is just for fun 

Important stuff: I would like to thank my friend zero cool for the 
creative thoughts and the inspiration and you will see some of his 
things on this web site pretty soon and I would also like to thank my 
brother dkn for his help with this to and I well be writeing two more 
sequels to this so I hope that you enjoy my first story.

Story descprtion: And this story is a lemon and should not be read by 
children well IM sure that they wouldn't understand it anyway's 

Other important things: if you see (these around anything it is me 
adding my smart ass comments to my story) and just to let you know saki 
is cheap beer and Fb stands for flash back. And just in case you are 
wondering sasmi has already turned into tsunami and she is 16  

The author: I'm the author of the story so you can call me Gray fox or 
Rob 
Sasmi's 16 birthday and She confesses her love to tenchi


It was the morning after sasami's 16 birthday and she was going to
Confess that she loved tenchi so she waited until it was night time and 
she went up to his room and he was still awake and she said "tenchi i 
have something that i have to tell you i have wanted to tell you this 
for the longest time" said sasami. "What is it what do you want to tell 
me" said tenchi I.....I...love....you.  "What did you say Sasami it 
sounded like you said you love me is that right sasami. Said Tenchi. 
Yes Tenchi i love you said sasami then tenchi just looked at her weird 
and she ran off crying and locked herself in her room and did not come 
out for 1 week so she finally went up to tenchi when he was sleeping 
and kissed him and this woke him and he quickly said sasami I love you 
to I always have then she slowly started to kiss him. and moved her 
tongue in his mouth and he did the same to her then rokoyo flew in and 
started to cry then she left the room then sasami locked the door and 
told tenchi "I want you to touch me and voiltelt me and take my 
virginity away i want you so bad tenchi".
OK my love said tenchi as he slowly unbuttoned her shirt and she took 
off her pants and then tenchi started to go down on sasmi and she 
started to moan and yell then he started to go faster and lick harder 
until she cumed all over his face and tenchi said "hmmm sasami did you 
know you tasted like cotton candy" wow tenchi that was wonderful it 
loved every second of it said sasami well now it is my turn to give you 
pleasure oh yes please do that sasmi then she quickly grabbed his cock 
and put it in her mouth she started sucking fast and hard until she 
basically had tenchi searming. And about to cum and after a few more 
licks he did and she said wow tenchi you taste very salty and kinda 
sweet well after that tenchi said that he did not want to take away her 
virginity yet he would wait i few days for them to tell every body that 
they are going to get married and then on there honey moon they would 
have sex so they both went to sleep together and in the morning at 
breakfast sasmi and tenchi told every body and Ryoko and Ayeka started 
crying and sasmi told them to get over it and that she wanted them to 
be her bride maids and koyione and mosihi and washu didn't care because 
those three were lesbians.  (Hey this is me the writer of the story  
gray fox yeah I know that it is kinda fucked up isn't it and kinda 
gross but hey at least I'm making sasami look good and not pick on her 
like every body else does expect for me and zero cool )  anyway's  it 
was 2  day's before there wedding and they were both very nevors about 
it was about 12:00 at night and sasmi and tenchi were just lying in bed 
talking to each and sasmi said "im not sure if i can wait until are 
wedding night I want you so bad"  so do i said tenchi "but can you 
please wait for me please" yes i will since i love you so much " then 
tenchi kissed her and they went to sleep so that night ryoko and  ayeka  
took sasmi out of the room and they started beating the hell out of her 
and she was screaming and trying to fight back but the knocked her out  
and she woke up the next morning with bruises and she had a black eye 
so when tenchi asked her what happened she told him and he got so mad 
at those two that he would not even talk to them so that went on for a 
couple of hours until ryoko and ayeka had said they were sorry for 
doing it and it wont happen again so the next day the day before the 
wedding washu and mosioh had just came form the osen (who built that 
floating bath room anyway's) and they could tell that they had been  
having sex so later that day washu  mosihi and koyione went  on a 
vacation and they took koinyioe's  space ship and washu and mosihi and 
koyione left and they said that they would be back tomorrow in time for 
the wedding ayeka was still mad that tenchi picked her little sister 
over her but sasami was grown and she is 16 and tenchi is 20 (yeah I 
know it's not legal) but sasmi was really hot and tenchi always loved 
her anyway's so ayeka tried to convince tenchi that he could have a 
second bride lord tenchi ayeka searmed "please pick me as your second 
bride please i beg of you please" well can you give me so time to think 
about it"  yes said ayeka as she walked out of the room then sasmi came 
and they started to talk then she said tenchi i cannot wait until 
tomorrow night so that i can have sex with you it is going to be so 
great said sasmi" yeah said tenchi especially because you taste like 
cotton candy so. So tenchi have you chosen your second bride yet  "no 
not yet I am having I hard time making up my mind because i have to 
pick between ayeka and ryoko and well there is only certain things I 
dont like about them for example ayeka is a prissy bicth sometimes and 
ryoko is a mean crazy bicth that never leaves me alone sometimes but 
you sasmi you are perfect "said tenchi and with that one word sasmi 
started to unzip his pant's and started to give him a blow job she 
started sucking really slow and she was mostly licking the top of his 
head tenchi almost screamed with pleasure then all of a sudden the door 
brusted open and in came ayeka and ryoko and they were almost got then 
ayeka said what where you two doing oh nothing at all said sasmi and 
tenchi well we descied now you have to pick who your  second bride will 
be no not now said sasmi now leave us alone" shut up you little bitch 
said ryoko "GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY ROOM BOTH OF YOU" said tenchi so 
then both of them ran out of his room crying like little babies (yeah I 
know I'm kinda mean to ayeka and ryoko but hey the desver it for 
beating the hell out of tenchi's bride) so after all of that tenchi 
said to sasmi so were we now let me give you pleasure sasmi tenchi 
whispered into her ear OK sasmi giggled (so what do you think of my 
story so far ) so tenchi started to unzip her short shorts and he 
slowly slide off her dark blue panties and saw her young virgin vagina 
and then he  started to eat her out  he was slowly licking her outer 
lips and then she started moaning loudly and she said WOW!!!!!! Tenchi 
are you sure you have never done this before it feels so wonderful 
sasmi said and a passionate voice tenchi kept going faster while 
blushing after what sasmi had said then he opened up her vagina all 
they way and started to suck on her inner pussy then she cumed in his 
mouth and he drunk every last drop of it and she pass out it was so 
intense and then tenchi put her panties back on her and put her short's 
back on her and she was half way awake and tenchi said I love you sasmi 
and she said in a tired voice I love you to tenchi (yeah I know that it 
is kinda getting sappy but for you hard core sex people that love these 
things just because of the sex like somebody I know who reads them all 
the time it gets better with the sex stuff later on when they are on 
there honey moon). The next morning the sun rose high up in the sky and 
tenchi thought to himself that today was the day when he would merry 
his true love sasmi. Fb tenchi remembers the very first time that he 
saw sasmi and he knew from that moment that he loved her and wanted to 
marry her.

THE END 

(so what did you think of my story yeah I know it was kinda gross and I 
was mean to ayeka and ryoko but hey I think that they desvered it for 
what the always do to tenchi and sasmi anyway's there are two more 
sequels that I will write in not time trust me I am very creative and I 
got my boy zero cool for inspiration if I need it anyway's I hope you 
enjoyed every little word of my excellent story) 


oh and one more thing email me your comments at 
RobDaMan14246671@aol.com






