Disclaimer: I didn't create Pretty Sammy or any of the other people AIC and
Pioneer do.  I just write a story based on them and with them in it.  This
story is not meant to offend any one.  So I'm sorry if I make any one mad.
Oh, and please don't sue me.  I'm just a writer.

(Note: This is a Lemon, not a Regular or a Crossover.  If you are under 18
you should not read this.)

Written by Tank Cop
4/18/99
Sammy's Little Secret
=============================

Rumiya arrives in Sasami's room in bird form then changes.

"Sammy I got your message and I agree.  My sister is out-of-control, and
should be stopped."

Rumiya looks around the room to find a response.  There is none.

"Sammy please.  I'm not lying, I really do want to help you stop my sister."

Sasami steps out of a dark corner.  Dressed in a long black night shirt that
goes down to the knees, with a big carrot picture on the front.

"Thanks for coming.  I thought for a while you wouldn't come."

"Well, I'm here. You said in your letter that you want to talk to me about
leaving my crazy sister and joining you."

Sasami grinned.  "Yes, thats right.  Ramias out-of-control, her and that
Pixy
Misa that helps her.  I know that you disapprove of her ways.  You helped
stop her and that Dumb computer sales guy from standardizing the world.  And
you did save my life in that giant robot."

Rumiya now with a very red face and a big grin.  "Ya, well.  Its just that I
saw you were in danger and needed my help, as I needed yours."

Sasami now glowing red.  "So...So will you join me?"

"Yes, I will join me Sammy."

Sasami was so happy that she jumped for joy.  Then she saw that Rumyia was
leaving?

"Wait Rumiya, were are you going?"

Rumiya turned around to look at the confused little girl.  "I'm going to get
my stuff, then find a place to stay.  I'll see you in the morning."

Sasami's voice now sounding a little worried.  "No please.  You...You can
stay here if you want!"

Rumiya stares at Sasami in confusion.  "What, why.  Wouldn't I get in the
way, and where would I stay?  Plus, who knows how long until your family
finds out about me."

"No worries.  I'll just use my magic powers on them.  It worked with
Ryo-Ohki.  I'll make them think your my cousin or something."

Rumiya with a look of happiness on his face.  "Ok, thanks Sammy."

"Please call me Sasami.  And I got one more thing for you before you go,
something I've been wanting to give to you ever since the first time I saw
you."

"What's that?"

Sasami walks up to Rumiya grads the back of his head and kisses him!"

"UMM!"

Then she lets him go.

Rumiya still shocked.  "I didn't expect you to use your tongue!"

She then tosses Rumiya on her bed.  "Make love to me Rumiya, please!"

"WHAT.  Are you sure you want, Sasami?"

"Ever since I met you I've wanted this!"

Rumiya then gets off the bed, then lays Sasami down on her back on the bed,
and starts to remove her night shirt.

"Oh, I can see that you were prepared to have sex with me!"

Rumiya was right.  Sasami was not wearing a bra or panties, she was
completely naked!

"I was hoping you would have sex with me, so I came prepared!"

Rumiya then rushed to remove his cloths, a minute later only his underpants
remand.

"Wait, I'll take those off for you!"  Sasami said eagerly!

She reached down and slowly pulled off his underpants to show a large and
well shaped penis!

"Oh, your penis is bigger then I thought it was!"

Rumiya frowned and stared at Sasami's breasts!  They were quite well staked
for a girl her age!  Her nipples were a bright rose color.  He also took a
close look at her pussy!  It looked warm and inviting to Rumiya's eyes!

"Well, your pretty hot your self!"

Then Rumiya laid on top of Sasami and inserted his penis into her pussy.

"OUCH, OWW!"

Sasami wined in pain for a seconded as Rumiya's penis centered her pussy.

Then Rumiya started to move up and down faster,. and faster.  Making the sex
even more intense.

Rumiya then grabbed Sasamis' left breast and squeezed it gently.

Sasami was also rubbing Rumiya's chest.

Rumiya then started to lick Sasami's breast, then stared to suck on her
breast.

This went on for five minutes!

Sasami then grabbed Rumiya's balls, as a sign that she was about to climax!

So Rumiya move as fast as he could, until they both came!

Rumiya then got off sasami and laid next to her in bed.

"Hay *PANT* Sasami.  How about *WEZ* I stay in your room!"

"My thoughts *PANT* exactly."

"Hay Sasami, *HOF* you want to do it again!"

"Ok.  *WEZ* My first time was great maybe *PANT*  my second time will *HOF*
be even better!"

END.
================================
I thought it would be interesting to know what would happen if Sasami and
Rumiya got together.  Please be kind with your comments. Tank Cop.
