I'm so tried of disclaimers and warnings, so I am not going to do them
anymore in this series.

This is it people, the last chapter in the best Tenchi Muyo Lemon series of
all time.  I'm very sad that after this series it will be over.  But all
good things must come to an end.  So here we go with the last chapter of the
finest Sasami lemon series in the world.

by Tank Cop

Sammys Little Secret 5: Secrets No More
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
The group walks into the thrown room of the Magical Kingdom of Juria.

Sasami in dressed in full Sammy gear, Misao in her Pixy Misa outfit, and
Ryo-Ohki and Rumiya were also dressed for a fight if need be to convince
Ramia and Tsunami into ending this war.

"Ok Rumiya were are they?"  Sasami asks.

Just then Tsunami and Ramia suddenly appear infront of them.  "What do you
kids want?"  Ramia asks.  Rumiya steps forward.  "Its over sister.  The war
ends here."  Rumiya said with a determind voice.  "A bold statement for a
littel loser like you!"  Ramia said with a laught.  Rumiya gets angry.  Then
Misao steps forward.  "Misa is gone.  You will no longer control me.  I will
never fight for you again."  Misao says as she throws her baton on the
ground.  Sasami walks over to Tsunami.  "I quit too.  I no longer want to
fight for a causew that will cause me to hurt my friends."  Sasami also
throws her baton on the ground.  Tsunami looks at Ryo-Ohki.  "Your still
with me right Ryo-Ohki?"  Tsunami asks.  "No!"  Ryo-Ohki said.  "We have all
rejected you.  How can you two have a war when no one will fight for ether
of you?"  Ryo-Ohki said with boldness.  Rumiya second that saying.  "We
refuse to fight in this stuiped war of yours.  Now make a truce or you two
can keep on fighting, but with out us, we quit!"

Then to there amazement and shock both Ramia and Tsunami started to laugh?
"HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA!"  "Whats so funny?"  Sasami asked.  Tsunami
stops laughing to answer her.  "We knew that you where coming.  Infact we
have been watching you both for the past week!  We know everything!  You
kids sure have a lot of stamina!"  Ramia also stops laughing.  "Rumiya i
never thought you know so much about forplay!"  Ramia said.  All the kids
faces had turned bright red!  "You saw everything?"  Ryo-Ohki asked.  "Yep,
Everything."  Ramia said.  "I feel so embarrassed!"  Misao said.  "So
your going to make a truce?"  Sasami asked.  Of course we will, why have a
war when no one will fight for us."  Ramia said.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Later that same day Ramia and Tsunami made a truce and agreed to share teh
power and postion of the Queen of the Magical Kingdom.  That evening there
was a great party in the Kingdom, to celebrate the truce between Ramia and
Tsunami, plus the ending of the war between them.  The same night the kids
deiced to celebrate in there own ways.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Rumiya and Misao were in Rumiya's bedroom.  Misao was handcuffed to the bed
posts.  She was wearing a black leather outfit that made her breasts stick
out!  She was not wearing any panties or anything else to cover her bottom
half.  She had a red colored ball gag in her mouth.  The only thing not tied
down was her legs.

Rumiya was getting ready in the bathroom.  "Ok you naughty girl, here i
come."  He walks into the room with a long paddle with six holes in it.
Wearing his every day clothes (whatever people where in the Magical Kingdom
wear every day).  Misao saw the paddle in Rumiya's hand and started to cry.
"Now, now.  I'll have none of that.  I saw you masturbating at the party!
Infact I think everyone there saw you masturbating at the party!  Do you
know how embarrassing that is for me to have people looking at you then
looking at me like they think I told you to do it?  Did you really think
that doing it at a table with just your long party dress covering your hands
would be enough cover?  You were a complete embarrassment to me Misao!  I
bet you were thinking of Ryo-Ohki again, weren't you?"  Rumiya's voice gets
louder.  Misao shacks her head, no.  "You lying little whore!  Now for that
I'm going to spank you twenty extra times!  Now I will give you fifty swats
with the paddle!"  Rumiya said with a grin on his face.  Misao just bursted
into tears and sobs, and trying to protest as best she could with a ball gag
in her mouth.  She was scared of the pain her poor bottom would soon be in,
yet she was very turned on by the excitement and the sex that would fallow
after the punishment was over.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
After 20 minutes Misao was a sad, crying, red bottomed girl.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

"You were very brave Misao.  Now for some fun!"  Rumiya said with a smile.

Rumiya takes off his pants and starts to fuck Misao's pussy!  He fucks her
hard!

She whimpers as Rumiya fucks her harder then she has ever been fucked
before!  He shoves his dick in all the way!  "Do you like that Misao?  Do
you want me to stop?"  Rumiya asks.

Misao nods her head telling him that she wants him to stop.

Rumiya is stunned!  "What?  You really want me to stop?  Why?  Did I hurt
you Misao?"  Rumiya asks.

Rumiya takes off the ball gag from Misao mouth so she can answer him.  "No
Rumiya I want you to keep going, but there is something I need to tell
you."  Misao said.

Rumiya was getting anches.  "Can you tell me after i have fully fucked your
brains out Misao?"  Rumiya asked.

Misao sees no harm in that.  "Sure you can Rumiya.  What i have to say can
wait."  Misao said.

Then they got back into it.  With Misao still chained up and Rumiya fucking
away at her now wet pussy!

It takes another five minutes to make Rumiya cum.  Then another three to
minutes for Misao to cum.

Rumiya removes his dick for Misao's soaking wet pussy, then unties her.

After the handcuffs are off Misao, Rumiya asks Misao what she was going to
tell him.  "So what the big secret Misao?"  Rumiya asks.

"I'm pregnant!"  Misao says.

Rumiya was as white as a ghost.  "Are you serious?"  Rumiya asks witha
tremble in his voice.

"Yes, I'm serious!  I'm going to have a baby."  Misao said witha  smile.

"How long until..."  Rumiya asks unable to finish the sentence.

"Nine Months."  Misao said.

"How?  I thought you were to young?"  Rumiya asks still in a trance like
state.

"Ramia told me its a side effect of mixing magic with sex!  Are you ok with
this Rumiya?  Because I really want to have this child.  I hope you do
too?"  Misao said.

Rumiya was feeling a bit hurt by what Misao just said.  "I will admit that
I'm very surprised, but if you think I don't want this child, then you
really don't know me every well Misao.  Of course I want this child.  I'm
very happy, I'm going to be a father!  SO is it going to be a boy or girl,
and do you have a name for the child yet?"  Rumiya asked.

Misao nodded her head.  "Yes, its going to be a boy, and I'm going to call
him, Reiko."  Misao said.

"Reiko...I like it.  Oh I love you Misao."  Rumiya and Misao both embrace
each other with a kiss and a hug.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Mean while, in Ryo-Ohki's room.  Ryo-Ohki and Sasami are having some of
there own fun.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ryo-Ohki was sitting on the side of the bed while Sasami was giving him a
blow job!  She was doing a very good job at it too!  Both of them were
naked!

Ryo-Ohki was munching on some carrots in his room while talking about the
party to Sasami.  "Well I must say it was a fun party.  Hey Sasami did you
see Misao masturbating at her table?  I mean she was really going at it!  It
was enough to get me all hot!"

Sasami counted to suck on Ryo-Ohki's mighty oak!  Making sure not to stop
until he cums full force in her mouth!

Ryo-Ohki was just about to climax when he got an idea.  He took out the
biggest carrot in sight and began to lick it?  Making it nice and wet.

Sasami stopped sucking on Ryo-Ohki, and looked up at him quires as to what
he doing.  "What are doing Ryo-Ohk?  Waht are you going to do with that
carrot?"  Sasami asks.

Ryo-Ohki got a big grin on his face.  "I'm going to shove it up your pussy
and make you cum with it!"  Sasami was not to happy with that idea.  "No
Ryo-Ohki, I won't let you put that in my pussy.  It might hurt and it could
do damage to my pussy, and its to big and long!"  Sasami said.  Ryo-Ohki was
not to happy with Sasami words.  "You will let me fuck you with this carrot
Sasami or I won't let you suck me anymore and I won't fuck you for a week!
Now all I want to do is fuck you with this carrot while you suck on me.
That's all."  Ryo-Ohki said in a calm voice.

Sasami was upset.  She didn't want to lose having sex with Ryo-Ohki for a
week.  She saw how the other young girls at the party looked at him.  She
was afraid that one of them would be in bed with her Ryo-Ohki.  She wouldn't
let that happen.  "All right Ryo-Ohki.  I will do it your way.  Just be
careful.  Also there's sopmething very important I have to tell you."
Sasami said.  "Later Sasami.  Talk later, sex now."  Ryo-Ohki said.  "All
right Ryo-Ohki, I'll tell you later."  Sasami said.

Sasami got down on all fours and let Ryo-Ohki slowly shove the carrot into
her tight pussy!  He gets the carrot in half way when Sasami thinks its
enough.  "Ok Ryo-Ohki thats far enough, now take it out."  Sasami said.  But
Ryo-Ohki counties to shove it in deeper!  "Ryo-Ohki I said that's enough!"
Sasami starts to get mad.  Ryo-Ohki didn't like Sasami's tone of voice.
"Sasami this is my most thought about fantasy.  So please don't tell me to
stop again!"  Ryo-Ohki said as he moves the carrot in more.  Sasami just
explodes!  "BUT IT HURTS SO MUCH!  MY PUSSY CAN'T STRETCH ANYFURTHER!  IT
WILL START TO BLEED AND YOUR SHOVING IT IN SLOW ONLY MAKES IT WORSE!"
Sasami yells.  "Ok Sasami.  If going in slow makes it worse then I will make
it easierand shove it in fast and all at once!"  Ryo-Ohki said.  Sasami went
pale as she heard that.  "NOOOO!  RYO-OHKI PLEASE DON'T DO IT!"  Sasami
begged.  She was a little to late!

Ryo-Ohki took his hand and hit the back of the carrot with all he's got.
Ramming the carrot deep into Sasami's pussy!  Sasami screamed out in pain.
"AAAAAARRRRRRHHHHHH!"  After a minute or two, Ryo-Ohki rubs Sasami's head.
"Its ok now Sasami, its all the way in.  It must have hurt a lot, but I just
want to thank you for helping me fulfill one of my fantasies.  I have
somthing to tell you about the carrot?"  Ryo-Ohki said with a grin.  Sasmi
still tried and shacking from the pain looks at Ryo-Ohki.  "What about the
carrot, Ryo-Ohki?"  Sasami asks.  "Its not a real carrot!?!"  Ryo-Ohki said
with a giggle.  Sasami si confused?  "Then what is it?"  Sasami demanded to
know?  "Its really a carrot shaped dildo and a viberating one too!"
Ryo-Ohki said with a smile.  Sasami was very pissed.  "Why didn't you tell
me it was a dildo in the first pleace?"  Sasami asked.  Ryo-Ohki start to
laugh.  "What, and miss the look on your face?  No way.  Now i am going to
turn the dildo on while you cna finish sucking on my dick!"  Ryo-Ohki said
as he turns on the dildo to its highest level.

Sasami felt like Ryo-Ohki's dick was vibrating inside her pussy!  The dildo
was incredable!  Sh could barley concentrate on sucking Ryo-Ohki's dick, but
she kept licking as best she could.  It took Sasami just two more miuntes of
sucking to make Ryo-Ohki cum in her mouth!  Then she just fell to the floor
and curled up into a ball just like a little kitten.  She moved her hands to
where the dildo was and held it tighly in pleace until she could cum!  "Oh
Ryo-Ohki this is so amazing!  I never knew that a dildo could make me feel
this good!"  Sasami moans.  "Well, if you like the dildo so much Sasami you
can keep it."  Ryo-Ohki said.  "Really, I can?  Thanks Ryo-Ohki."  Sasami
said.  "But remember Sasami you have to ask me if you can use it.  I don't
want you to use it twenty-four hours a day and not have time for me.  This
is only to be used when I am away or if we have sex and Isay you can use
it."  Ryo-Ohki said.  "You have a deal."  Sasami said.  Just then Sasami
cums!  "OH YES!"  Then Ryo-Ohki turns the dildo off and takes it out of
Sasami's pussy.  He then carries her to the bed and lies her down to rest.

"Now Sasami you told me there was something important you wanted to tell
me?"  Ryo-Ohki asks.

Sasasmi was nervous.  "Yes Ryo-Ohki.  I don't know how to tell you this so I
will just come strait out and say it.  I'm pregnant.  I'm going to have a
baby, our baby!"  Sasami said.

Ryo-Ohki was stunned.  "Sasami are you sure its my child?  Its not Rumiya's
is it?"  Ryo-Ohki asked.

"No its definitely yours, Tsunami told me.  Its going to be a girl and I'm
going to call her Naori."  Sasami said with a smile.

Ryo-Ohki was overjoyed.  "You mean I'm going to be a father?"  Ryo-Ohki
asks.

Sasami samiled.  "Yes Ryo-Ohki, in nine months you will be a father.  Your
not surpised, why?"  Sasami asks.

"Most magical girls have always given birth at a young age.  I just never
thought you would till you were older.  But its not uncommon.  Infact my
mother was just twelve years old when I was born.  Most people in this
Kingdom know about early child birth, except Rumiya.  He just never
understood."  Ryo-Ohki said, then he gives Sasami a good night kiss on her
lips.  Then gets into bed, turns off the lights and goes to sleep with his
lover and mother of his future daughter in his arms.  "Good night my love.
In the morning we will tell the entier Kingdo of this great news."  Ryo-Ohki
said.  "I guess there will be another party, well until then, good night
Ryo-Ohki."  They both drift off to sleep.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The next day the four of them meet ad tell of the up coming events.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"So your going to have a baby to Misao?"  Sasami asked with joy.

"Yes.  Me and Rumiya are going to have a boy.  I'm so happy to hear that you
and Ryo-Ohki are having a girl."  Misao said.  "But there is a problem
Sasami?"  Misao said in a low voice.

Sasami was confused?  "What's wrong Misao?  This is a day of joy and
happiness, not a day of problems.  What could be wrong?"  Sasami asked.
Misao looked at her friend with a unsure look on her face.  "We have to tell
our parents and familys about this Sasami.  We need to tell them
everything.  They deserve to know."  Misao said.

Sasami was a littel surprised, but knew that this had to be done.  "Your
right Misao.  Ryo-Ohki and I will go back to Earth and tell out family the
truth.  As I am sure you will do the same with your parents?"  Sasami
asked.  Misao nodded her head.  "Yes this must be done."  Misao said.
Ryo-Ohki puts his hands on Sasami's shoulders and hand a good idea.  "After
we tell your families about everything then they can come to the Magical
Kingdom for the celebration.  I think then we can all get to know each other
better."  Ryo-Ohki said in a joyful voice.  "Great idea Ryo-Ohki, we will do
that."  Sasami said.  "Then I guess we should all be off to Earth and to see
our families.  Good luck to us all."  Sasami said.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
So the group parts and heads to Earth and to there families.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sasami arrives at her house and walks in with Ryo-Ohki at her side.  Her mom
greets them both with consurn.  "Sasami where have you been?  Your teachers
say you weren't in school today?  And who is this handsome boy with you?  Is
he your boyfriend?  Why didn't you tell me you had a boyfriend Sasami?"
Sasami's mom asked.  Sasami's face turned red a bright red.  "Mom can you
get the others to come here, I need to talk to them right now."  Sasami
said.

After a few minutes the rest of the family comes into the living room and
then Sasami tells them the whole story.  "Now don't freak out ot nothing."
Sasami said.  Sasami dear, we promise we will not freak out."  Sasami's dad
said.  "Ok here i go.  This is my boyfriend and lover Ryo-Ohki."  Sasami
points to Ryo-Ohki.  "Ryo-Ohki...but thats your pets name."  Tenchi says.
"That's rightm that's because he is or was my pet."  Sasami said.  Everyone
gasped when they heard that.  "Thats a good joke Sasami, now really who is
he?"  Sasami's mom asks.  Sasami looks at Ryo-Ohki.  "Do it Ryo-Ohki."  With
that Ryo-Ohki transforms into his cabbit form, then changes back to a human
again.  The entire family were stunned!

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Later after some more chatting the family started to understand.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"So your what your saying Sasami is that you are Pretty Sammy the Magical
Girl and have been having sex with Ryo-Ohki and you are now pregnant with
his child?"  Sasami's dad asks.  "Yes that's the whole story."  Sasai said.
"Now what do we do now?"  Tenchi asks.  "You are all going to come to the
Magical Kingdom with us for the party that will take please tonight to
celebrate for the coming births."  Ryo-Ohki said.  Then others had to think
about this.  Then they decided to go.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
On the other side of town in Misao's house.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Misao and Rumiya where talking to Misao's mother and father.  Went different
then they expected.  "Mom why are you not surprised by what i just told
you?  I just told you that i was the evil Pixy Misa, I had sex with Rumiya,
and some times when he was a bird, and i am pregnant with his child!  So why
aren't you surprised?"  Misao asked.  Her mother just shrugged.  "Well honey
that night when I told you I would be late coming home?  Well I got home
early and then came into your room to kiss you good night, when I saw you
and this Rumiya boy in bed with you and you where both naked!  At first I
was about to beat the hell out of that kid, then I saw a smile on your face
and I just gave you and him a kiss on the checks and covered you both up.
SO i am not that surprised."  Misao's mom said.  "Then I guess the last
thing to do is ask you both to join us in the Magical Kingdom for the
party."  Rumiya said.  "We would be honored."  Misao's mom said.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Later that night both Misao's and Sasami's failies went back to teh Magical
Kingdom for the party to celebrate the coming of Sasami and Misao's
children.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Everyone was enjoying the party.  Tenchi was having quite a time chatting
and dancing with almost every girl at the party.  Misao and Sasami parents
where chatting with Ramia and Tsunami about all the stuff that is to be
expected of there daughters, and future son-in-laws, and there upcoming
grand kids.  But it was Ryo-Ohki and Rumiya that where having a little
trouble.  After a long dance with each of there lovers, Sasami and Misao,
they both said needed to take care of something, then they both left and
have not been back for a hour?  "I wonder where they are Ryo-Ohki?"  Rumiya
asked.  "I don't know Rumiya, I don't know?"  Ryo-Ohki said.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
In Rumiya's bed room was where the girls where.  Finishing something they
needed to finish.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

They where both in Rumiya's bed room and where kissing and hugging each
other.  After five minutes of opened mouth kissing, Sasami broke free and
started, without asking to take off Misao's party dress.  After taking it
off she backed away to see her young childhood friend in her white cotton
panties, white socks, and a cute white bra with a little red ribbon in the
middle of it.  Then Sasami also started to remove her own clothes.

After about three minutes they where both naked and felling each other up!
"Mmmmmmmm Sasami!"  Misao moaned.  "Ooooooh Misao!"  Sasami moaned.  Misao
was licking Sasami's breasts with gentle licks, almost teasing her naked
friend.  Sasami returned the favor by putting her hand down and gentle
rubbing Misao's outer pussy lips.  "Mmmmmmmm oh so good!"  Misao says.

After another few minutes it started to get more intense.  Sasami made Misao
lie on the bed with her head dwon on the pillow and her pretty ass sticking
out.  "Your going to love this Misao."  Sasami said as she gave Misao's ass
a few playful swats, then bent down and opened her ass checks and started to
lick Misao's asshole!  "Hmmmmmm!"  Misao moaned as she was over taken with
pleasure.  Then after Sasami gets her friends ass all moist Sasami moves
down to her young friends tender pussy.  "Oh my godness.  Misao your pussy
is just so wet and it smells like sweet perfume!"  Sasami said.  Misao was
blushing.  Then Sasami puts two fingers into Misao's pussy and opened her
pussy lips a little so Sasami can get her mouth to fit around her friends
now exposed pussy.  Sasami gave Misao's outer pussy lips a little teasing
lick, then went to the main goal.  She licked very slowly up and down
Misao's pussy and clit.  "Oh yes, oh Sasami please don't stop!  Please make
me come!"  Misao begged.  Taking her time Sasami moved slowly as to make it
more intense for both.

Later on after Misao's second climax.  She wanted to help to do something
for Sasami too.  So Misao turned on her back and got Sasami to lie on top
her with her face in her pussy.  They where going to 69 each other.  They
got into postion with Sasami on top and Misao underneth her.  Then they got
started.  Sasami keep licking on Misao's pussy and taking nibbles on Misao's
clit from time to time.  While Misao was using a different way of pleasuring
her firend, she was using her two fingers to make her young friends love box
get all wet!  "Ooooh Misao!"  Sasami moaned.  "OooooH Sasami!"  Misao
moaned.

This counties for another hour or so.  They had multiple climaxes over that
period.  Misao alone had four and Sasami had three.  They where near there
next climax when the door opened!  They both looked to the door and froze
when they saw both Ryo-Ohki and Rumiya starring at them with stunned looks
on the faces, no to mention the drool coming out of there mouths!  "Tsk,
tsk, look at these two bad girls Ryo-Ohki."  Rumiya said.  "I see them
Rumiya.  What do you think we should do with these naughty girls?"  Ryo-Ohki
asked.  "Well they did make a complete mess of my bed, but I think a good
and very hard fucking will teach them a lesson."  Rumiya said with a big
smile on his face.  "I total agree with you Rumiya."  Ryo-Ohki said then
they both went towards there two pretty and cum covered girls with the
intent on making hard love!

*Ten Years Later*

It has been ten years since Misao and Sasami gave birth to there kids.
Sasami and Ryo-Ohki's daughter look a little like both of them.  Naori has
her mother's hair color and style, and her mothers looks.  Her dad's ears
and his eyes.  She has kind of a tail that looks very cute, for a ten year
old!  She is a very curious girl with a love for life.

Misao and Rumiya's son Reiko has his dad's looks and hair color.  He has his
mothers strength and lust for life.  He is a strong willed kidwith a great
sense of kindness.

It has been a great ten years.  In that time the Magical Kingdom of Juria
has fluoresced under the joint control of Tsunami and Ramia, peace on Earth
is nearly at hand.  Yet there are still forces that threaten  peace and
love.  Now that both Sasami and Misao are in college and Rumiya and Ryo-Ohki
are members of the Jurian Council, they have little time to deal with that,
but there kids can do it.  As is custom, Sasami and Misao have pasted there
powers down to there kids, yet keep a little power to themselves if they
ever need it.  Now it is up to Naori and Reiko to fight for love and
justice, not to mention having some good sex when there not to busy!

End
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Well that's it....its over.  Well I had a lot of fun doing this series.  I
hope you all, my fan's enjoyed it too.  I only hope my future fics are just
as good.  But none will compare to the joy I had  making this one.

If anyone would like a picture of Naori or Reiko please E-mail me.  I am the
only one who can give you those pictures.

I would like to thanks you all my fans for your support of my fics and I
will continue to do my best to bring great fics to this site.  I would also
like to invite everyone to vist my Digimon web site at
http://clubs.yahoo.com/clubs/tanktonydigimonmangas

Its a Yahoo club site.  Free membership and a lot of super cool Hentai Manga
made by my good friend and co-owner Anthony.  He also makes my Digimon
lemons into Manga's.

Well until the next Tenchi Muyo lemon.

Farewell and always fallow what you beleive in no matter what.

Tank Cop ^_~
