Genesismindworks presents....

Sasami, a lime, and tea

I don't own the stuff pioneer does, enjoy.

Her cheeks flushed as she stumbled down the hall throwing her self into
Tenchi's lap her blue hair toubling around her. "Tenchi-niisan!." she
moaned. "I've been thinking about it all day, I can't get the thought out of
my head. I want to put it in my mouth and as much as I can , over and over
and over again."

Tenchi turned to look fearfully at Sasami. "Sasami-chan!!! C..calm down!"

She looked at him, her eyes shining with want. "I want it now!! Please
Tenchi-niisan give it to me!!"

She began to grasp around in his lap, she knew what she was searching for,
and as Tsunami as her witness she would have it! Tenchi sighed and shook his
head. "Okay, okay, i can do it myself." he reached down... and pulled out
the pack of gum in his lap.

He pulled out a peice and gave it to Sasami. "There, now go just laydown and
relax, this will help the pain in your jaw. And was Ryoko's last peice of
gum, you owe her a new one!!"

Sasami smiled. "Hai, Tenchi-niisan!!" Hajamari shook his head. "You and your
sister are so strange when you have a fever! How are the body aches doing?"
She looked up slowly looked up. "It hurts a bit, but i'm okay.
Tench-niisan?" "hai?" "The gum is nice...but i want something else of
yours....." Tenchi looked

down fearfully. "..H...Hai?" Sasasmi brought herself closer to Tenchi
resting her head on his chest. She licked her lips then spoke softly. "I
want a sip of your tea as well, the heat makes my throat feel better...."
Tenchi noded then sighed. "Sasami-chan i hope you get better soon!"



Author snickers widely. In the tradition of sasami's lemony revenge.
Seriously folks if you gotta lemon the darling, Let her grow up a bit first!
Or shag Tsunami. *Author drools* Oh...tsunami.... Um anyway..hehe...

Send the c and c to Genesischan@hotmail.com. Please flame me, it means you
read the fic!
