A Tenchi Muyo Fan Fiction.
A Passion Satisfying, Ground Shaking, Glass Breaking. . .
By Peter Suzuki.

The series "Tenchi Muyo" is owned by Pioneer LDC, AIC, and its
contributors.  All rights reserved.

WARNING:  Mild LEMON!  Nothing TOO graphic, but younger (or immature)
readers should not be reading this.  In fact, I don’t know why I’m even
explaining to you, ANYTHING after the word "Lemon" because if you didn’t
want to read something ‘sexually explicit’ then you would have hit the
"Go-back" button by now, right?

Anyway, on with the show.

#######################################################################

EARTH:  4:00a.m.

        Yosho was up early this morning.  He did not even really know
why, other then out of habit. And now he could not even get to see the
sun rise because of the overcast.  It looked like yet another gloomy,
autumn morning.  He let out a bored sigh, and continued to drink the tea
that he made.  No sense in letting it go to waste.

        Then he heard it, or rather FELT it.  A slight tremor shook the
shrine.  Even the birds stopped chirping.  An earthquake?  No, it could
not be so.  In all the seven hundred years of its existence, the Masaki
shrine was never effected by earthquakes.  Besides, this felt as if it
was caused by something close by.  Something that shook the very earth
that the shrine sat upon.  As Yosho got up to investigate, the shaking
started again, and did not stop.

        This could not possibly be an earthquake.  It was more of a
slight vibrating, rather than a quake.  Yosho slowly made his way to
where the shaking felt strongest.  For the
first time in a long, LONG time, Yosho was genuinely shocked.

        The trees were causing the shaking, or more specifically; the
Funaho tree, the Ryu-oh tree, and the trees born from the Funaho tree’s
seeds were causing the shaking.  Yosho did not move, even as a sapling
that had been placed in a pot, gently vibrated across the ground like
one of those tabletop football games.

        "Washu." Yosho mumbled.  "If she’s not the cause of this, then
she must at least have some kind of explanation for this."

        Yosho then ran as fast as he could, toward the Masaki house. 
His expression was somewhat reminiscent of how a little child would
look, after hearing a big dog bark at him.

        Yosho came to a screeching halt at the door of the Masaki home. 
He briefly turned his head toward the front gate, as he heard a slight
humming coming from that direction.  He had a very bad feeling of what
he would see.

        Azaka and Kamidake hovered in mid air, spinning like tops, and
shaking like maracas.  The
mail man walked by, muttered something about ‘it getting weirder every
day’, and managed to stuff some envelopes into Azaka on one of the
revolutions, before continuing on his way.  A large sweat-drop formed on
Yosho’s head.

        Yosho then heard one of the girls scream from the bedroom
window.  Without another thought, Yosho rushed into the house.

        If Yosho would have stayed a minute longer he would have heard
Kamidake moan, "S-S-S-o-o-o-G-G-G-o-o-o-o-o-o-d-d-d-!"


        In every sense, Washu was not having a good day.  First, last
night’s experiment ended in disaster with only herself to blame, then
she was woken up by Ayeka, at this unruly hour, about something
happening to Sasami, and when she got to the bedroom she saw THIS.

        Sasami lay on the floor, flopping like a fish on dry land,
moaning like a banshee. . .  and seeming to be enjoying every minute of
it.  "Ahh!  AAAH!  Oooh!  Mmmm-YES!!"

        "And when did you find out about this?" Washu asked Ayeka.

        "Well, I got up to get a glass of water.  Sasami then told me
that she felt slightly cold.  When I got back with a blanket, I found
her like this." Responded Ayeka.

        "Did you check her for symptoms of sickness?" Washu asked, as
she materialized her computer.

        Ayeka looked a little bit distraught about it.  "Well. . .  I
DID try to check her for a fever, b-but when I placed my hand on her
forehead she. . . she. . ." Ayeka seemed reluctant, and slightly scared
to mention what happened next.

        Just then Ryoko phased in through the wall, and Ryo-oh-ki
toddled in from the hallway.  Ryoko said, "Hey, why are the windows
shaking like. . ." Ryoko then noticed Sasami jerking around on the
floor.

"What the?  Washu!  Did you do something to Sasami!?!" Ryoko said in her
most menacing tone.

        "No!  Now get out of the way, I’m trying to find out what’s
wrong." Washu snapped.

        Tenchi, from his bedroom, Nobuyuki, from the library, and
Mihoshi, from wherever she passed out last, entered into the bedroom. 
They each saw Sasami, and said, "Washu!!  Did you do something to
Sasami!?!?!"

        "WHY IN HELL DO YOU ALL THINK THAT I’M THE ONE WHO’S CAUSING
SASAMI TO BE LIKE THIS!?!?!?!"  screamed Washu.  "I’M TRYING TO FIND OUT
WHAT’S WRONG, DAMNIT!!!"

        Ryo-oh-ki approached Sasami, and gently nuzzled the arm of her
best friend.  Suddenly, Ryo-oh-ki found herself in the bone crushing
embrace of the blue hared princess.  Sasami rubbed the cabbit all over
the front of her body.

        "S-so warm, fuzzy!  AH!  Feels so good!  Ooooh!" Sasami seemed
to really enjoy the feeling of the small furry body on her own.

        Ryoko went over to free her cabbit from Sasami’s remarkably
strong grip.  When the former pirate pulled Sasami’s arms away,
Ryo-oh-ki rolled off of the princess, and passed out a few feet away.

Suddenly, Sasami quickly embraced Ryoko, kissed the shocked young woman
fully on the lips, and began to hump her body.  Ryoko let out a muffled
scream of surprise as she was embraced in a hug that was strong enough
to push all of the air out of her lungs.

        Sasami continued to moan softly into her kiss, and every so
often let out a cry of pleasure on the upbeat of her humping.

        "Ayeka, would this be similar to what happened to you, when you
tried to check Sasami’s temperature?" asked Washu.

        Ayeka, ghostly pale as she watched the scene unfold, simply
nodded "Uh-huh."

        Yosho then marched in from the hallway.  "Miss Washu, the trees
from Jurai are shaking, I think Azaka and Kamidake are trying to do ‘The
Macarena’ again, and. . ." Yosho noticed Ryoko & Sasami, and regained
some of his usual composure.  "Miss Ryoko, could you two at least wait
until Sasami is older?"

        "mrrrph! Himmph!  Grrmn-himph!" Ryoko’s muffled screaming held
more panic, than actual anger.

        "Trust me Yosho, it wasn’t Ryoko’s idea." Said Washu as she
turned back toward her computer.

"Oxygen intake, increased by fifty percent.  Blood pressure, increased
by twenty percent.  Hormone balance. . .up one hundred and twenty
percent!?!  How can that possibly
be?"

        "Miss Washu!" Mihoshi interrupted.  "I think Ryoko’s having
trouble breathing!"

        "What are you talking about?" said Washu.  "Ryoko was made to
withstand environments with zero oxygen. . ." Washu noticed that Ryoko
was indeed turning blue.  "Oh. . .  Help me separate them."

        Tenchi, Mihoshi, and Washu managed to pull Sasami’s arms from
around Ryoko.  The cyan-hared one then jumped back away from Sasami, and
started gasping for air.

        "I *PANT* really *GASP* wish *WHEEZE* she *GASP* didn’t *PANT*
slip *HUFF* me *GASP* the *WHEEZE* tongue!" Ryoko managed to say, as she
got air back into her body.

        Ryoko’s three saviors stepped back before Sasami could get a
hold of them too.  The blue-hared girl let out a slight disappointed
moan at the loss of sensation, but quickly resumed her previous actions.

        Mihoshi then realized something.  "You know, Kiyone used to do
something similar to this all of the time.  Only she usually had her
hands between her legs when she was doing it.  But if you come within
arms reach of her during that time, she’ll grab you and-"  Mihoshi did
not notice the shocked stares coming from everybody else. . .  Except of
course for Sasami, who was gyrating her hips, and Ryo-oh-ki, who was
still passed out on the floor.

        Washu decided to check the hunch that what was happening WAS
similar to what Mihoshi was referring to.  Needless to say, it solved
one mystery only to lead to another.

        "This can’t be right." Muttered Washu.  "There’s no outside
stimulus, no internal stimulus.  This shouldn’t be happening on its own,
especially at this level of magnitude."

        "What’s wrong, Miss Washu?" asked Tenchi.

        "Don’t call me ‘Miss’, and according to my readings, Sasami is
about to experience pubicloital, fricative sensation, sensory overload."

        "Huh?" remarked six voices, eerily in unison.

        "She’s going to have an orgasm." Washu explained.

        "Oh, that’s all." Said the six, sounding relieved.  Then they
realized what Washu said.  "SHE’S WHAT!?!?!" Even Ryo-oh-ki woke up at
that realization.

        Washu decided to continue.  "And according to the psychological
readings, she’s reacting to all outside stimuli as if it was causing the
sensation."

        Nobuyuki was the only one who understood that.  "So whoever
she’s hugging, she imagines that THEY are having sex with her?"

        "That’s correct."  Said Washu.  Nobuyuki quickly left the room,
and then returned with the camera.  "Uh, what are you planning to-"

        "Tenchi!" exclaimed Nobuyuki.  "Go over there and hug Sasami."

        "OVER YOUR DEAD BODY!!!" shouted four girls, and one boy.

        "Miya!  Miya! Miya!" chirped Ryo-oh-ki.

        "No, you may NOT go over there and let Sasami hug you again."
Snapped Ryoko.

        Ayeka then realized something.  "Miss Washu, if Sasami reacts
that way to any stimulus, then when she hugged. . ." both Ayeka and
Ryoko reached for the wet spots on their clothing.  The warm, sticky,
wet spots right were Sasami had been rubbing that special spot between
her legs, on them.

        "Yes, Ayeka.  When Sasami had you in her hug, she was imagining
that you were copulating with her."

        Both Ayeka and Ryoko turned white as pale as ghosts.  Ayeka
quickly made her way toward the bathroom, and threw up.  Ryoko looked
very depressed.

        "S-Sasami thought that she and I. . .  Oh, I feel so
violated!!!" cried Ryoko.

        Ayeka walked back into the room and muttered, "If mother ever
found out about this, she would laugh until she lost bladder control."

        Ryoko cried on Tenchi’s shoulder.  "Oh, Tenchi!  I’m sorry. 
That’s probably how it’s like for you, too, isn’t it?  I’ll never try to
seduce you again, unless you want us to make love, I promise!" said
Ryoko.

        "Miss Ryoko!" Ayeka snapped.  "You know perfectly well that
Lord-Tenchi has never made love to anybody, especially to a woman like
YOU!!!"

        Ryoko glared at Ayeka.  "Oh, get your mind out of the gutter,
will ya!  I mean WHEN he wants to make love." She lovingly gazed into
Tenchi’s eyes.  "Right, Tenchi?"

        "Ryoko, will you please not grab my rear-end like that."
commented Tenchi.

        Ryoko looked perfectly innocent as she said, "Okay, Tenchi.  How
do you want me to grab it?"  Ayeka slapped Ryoko’s hand off of Tenchi. 
"OW!  Hey!"

        "Miss Ryoko!  Lord-Tenchi did not mean what he said in THAT way,
and you know it!"  Ayeka then lovingly gazed into Tenchi’s eyes.  "That
monster woman did not molest you too badly, did she Lord-Tenchi?"

        "Don’t worry Miss Ayeka.  I’m fine." Tenchi then frowned
slightly.  "I’d feel even better if you would now get YOUR hand off of
my rear-end."

        Ayeka managed to pull her hand away before Ryoko could slap it.

        Mihoshi scratched her head.  "Miss Washu, shouldn’t we move
Sasami to your lab, or something?  I mean there has to be something that
you can do."

        Washu shook her head.  "For the last time, it’s LITTLE-Washu,
not ‘Miss’ Washu, and it would not be a good to move her at this time."

        "Why?" questioned Ryoko.  "It’s not like she’s going to
explode."

        "In a way, she IS." Replied Washu.

        Then they all realized something.

        "Ohh!  Ahh!  OOOOOHHhhh!!  EEEahh!!  AAAh!!  OOOoooh!!! 
OOOOOAAA!!!"

        Sasami’s moaning was getting louder.

        "What’s going on!?!" Tenchi yelled over the noise.

        "She’s reaching climax!" replied Washu.

        "Whatdowedo!?!?  Whatdowedo!?!?!  Whatdowedo!?!?!?!" Mihoshi
panicked.

        "Pray I don’t run out of video tape!!" said Nobuyuki.

        "Mr. Masaki, I would greatly appreciate it if you would NOT
record the embarrassment of my little sister reaching the ‘Clouds and
Rain’, thank you very much!!!"  Ayeka shouted at Nobuyuki.

        Ryoko arched an eyebrow in confusion.  " ‘Clouds and Rain’? 
What the heck is that?"

        Everyone else stared, shocked at what Ryoko just said.  "You. .
. Really don’t know, do you?" stated Ayeka.

        Ryoko did not get a chance to respond.  Washu realized that if
Sasami’s voice kept getting louder at its rate, well. . .

        "EVERYONE, GET DOWN!!!" Washu shouted.

        Everyone else started making ‘Rap Music’ noises.

        "I MEAN, DUCK!!!" Washu shouted.  This time everybody
understood, and listened to Washu’s orders. . .  Well, almost everyone.

        Ryoko and Ayeka flapped their arms and called out, "Quack,
quack, quack, quack, quack!!"

        Upon Washu’s angry glare, the princess and the pirate stopped
fooling around.

        "AH!!!  OH!!!  OOOOOHH!!  YES!!!!  AAAAAAAH!!!"

At that point, Sasami finally climaxed.  Her INTENSE screams rocked the
very earth itself.


"OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHH!!!!!!!  YES!!!!!!!  YES!!!  YES!!! YES!!!!!!!  AAH!!!
AAH!!!  OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAH!!!!!!!"

#######################################################################

JURAI:  About the same time.

        It was a very bad day in the Jurian royal palace.  Almost all of
the soldiers, servants, and officials were in a panic.  Almost all.

        "Hey, Karu." Said an old, retired Jurian night, who sat in an
old rocking chair.

        "Yeah, Taro?" responded another retired Jurian night, in a
similar rocking chair.

        "Ain’t never been a panic like this one in a long time, has
there?" said Taro.

        "Well I don’t know, Taro.  The royal trees shaking like they are
don’t seem so terrifying ta me." said Karu.

        "Oh, yeah?  Well, name one time that there was this much panic
in the troops." Said Taro.

        "Well. . .  There was dat time when the Emperor found Misaki and
Funaho, in bed together." Replied Karu.

        "Yeah, I guess ya got me there.  Nutting was like that day!"
said Taro.

        Both old men shared a very good laugh.

        Yes, the Jurian empire was in an uproar because all over the
galaxy, all of the Jurian royal trees, weather guardian, ship, or just
plain tree were seeming to shake enough to rattle the universe itself. 
The ships were bouncing around the docking bays, Jurian officials were
getting motion sick in their space vessels, the guardians were actually
succeeding in keeping intruders away from the palace. . .  including
everyone else for that matter.  It was like all of the trees had gone
bonkers, at once.

        Queen Misaki woke up to the feeling of the palace shaking. 
Still half asleep, she decided to do something about it.  She kicked her
sleeping husband, Emperor Azusa, out
of bed, and told him to do something about the shaking.

        Grumbling and groggy, the emperor picked up one of the alarm
clocks in
the bedroom as he plodded out the door.  He continued down the hallway,
to the main hall,
past the throne room, through the mob of panicking soldiers and
servants, by two retired Jurian nights,

        "Good morning, Taro." Said Azusa, in monotone.

        "Good day, my lord.  Lovely day for a stroll." replied Taro.

        "Good morning, Karu." Said Azusa, in monotone.

        "You are aware that you’re still in your pajamas, right?"
replied Karu.

around the corner, through the arches, following the yellow brick road,
up the hill, down the hill, up the hill, down the hill, around the
McDonald’s, over hill and over dale, past the Denny’s, nothing but net.
. .  oops, wrong bit. . .  through the double doorways, past that weird
guy they found on Earth,

        "Good morning, Elvis." Said Azusa, in monotone.

        "Lemmie outta here, man!!!" Screamed the overweight,
greasy-hared musician.

past a couple of jerks who were caught in the palace gardens lighting
their farts,

        "Good morning, Beavis.  Good morning, Butthead." Said Azusa
in-ah you know how he says it!!

        "Huh-huh, he said ‘butt’." Chuckled the brown-hared one.

        "Heh-heh, Fire!  Fire!" said the blond-hared one.

through another pair of double doors, past the Clocman Diamond, and
finally to the place that housed the garden for the royal trees of
Jurai, and where a great amount of the
shaking was coming from.

        When Azusa opened the doors, he saw ALL of the trees shaking
like
crazy.  In the distance, he could swear that he heard a woman’s voice. 
The emperor shouted,
"HEY!!!  WHOEVER IS DOING THIS!!!  DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA WHAT TIME IT
IS!?!?!  IT’S. . ." Azusa
noted that the clock he took required a power outlet, not that it
mattered since its cord was ripped out.  "WELL, NEVER MIND EXACTLY WHAT
TIME IT IS!!!  IT’S STILL EARLY IN THE MORNING, AND ROYALTY NEEDS TO
SLEEP YOU KNOW!!!  SO STOP IT RIGHT NOW, YOU HEAR ME!!!"


        The royal trees stopped their shaking momentarily, to make way
for what was to come next.  A massive wave of orgasmic pleasure ripped
through the melee, causing the trees to shake even more violently then
before.  Azusa was knocked over as the force nearly shook the entire
dome off its foundation.  Then, although it had nothing to do with the
emperor’s threat (like that would stop him from taking credit for it),
the shaking stopped.  Azusa congratulated himself on a job well done,
and left.

        Meanwhile, at the center of the garden for the royal trees,
Tsunami sat
in front of her tree.  Her hair was a mess, her robes were undone, there
was a puddle of something forming between her legs, clear goo covered
her left hand and trailed down her arm, but she looked VERY content with
herself.

        "That was FUN!!" cheerfully thought Tsunami. "I can’t believe I
never thought about doing this before." She then licked her cum off of
her hand, and reentered her tree.

#######################################################################

BACK ON EARTH.

        Fragments of broken glass lay on the floor, from all of the
shattered windows.  Nobuyuki’s camera lens was cracked, as was his
glasses.  Mihoshi still was crouched
down, covering her ears and face.  Yosho was just wearing a mangled
piece of metal on his face, for that was all that was left of his
spectacles.  Washu’s computer had a large fissure going down the
monitor.  Ryo-oh-ki uncurled her ears, Ryoko and Ayeka tried to stop the
ringing in their heads, and Tenchi checked to see if he still had the
ability to hear.

        And where was Sasami?  The second princess of Jurai lay in the
center of the room.  Both of her pigtails had come out of their buns she
tied them in before she went to sleep.  Her pajamas were stained near
the bottom, with a warm, sticky, fluid that could only be her dew of
passion.  And aside from being very worn out, she looked very, VERY
happy with the whole situation.

        Tenchi was the first one to speak.  "Washu, do you think it’s
over?"

        "Yes it is, Tenchi." replied Washu.  "Whatever it was, it has
now run its course, and is finally over."

        Sasami then sat up, and wiped some of the sleep from her eyes. 
With a cute smile she stated, "Whatever it was, I hope that it happens
again! ^_^"

And to all, a good face-fault.

THE END.

AUTHOR’S COMMENTS:

I’VE POURED GASOLINE ALL OVER MY BODY, SO DON’T FLAME ME!!! O_O

Now that I got that out of the way, I wish to defend my Fan Fic.
Weather you like it or not.

Wow, my first lemon. . .  And it’s (kind of) funny.  I don’t know when I
decided to make this a lemon.  It just CAME to me all of a sudden.  >_<

Yes, I know that this is a Sasami lemon, and that everyone says that
they all should be burned in some great funeral pyre, with their
writers.  Hey, I hated "In The Carrot Patch" (sorry, don’t know the
writer’s name.  But it is rumored that some other Fan Fic writers us his
name as an alternative to cursing now) as much as the next guy, but I
tried something different (I hope) from the usual ‘Sasami-Lemon-Fic’.

If you paid attention, you would have realized that I didn’t make this
the usual "Oh my god!!  That was sick AND perverted!!!" lemon Fan Fic.
I tried to make this one kind of cute.  ^_^

. . . . . .  I should be worried, shouldn’t I.  -_-;

Well, if you still hate it so much then do a MST on it.  I certainly
won’t stop you.  In fact you could do the same for ALL of my Fan Fiction
stories, and I won’t stop you.  Go ahead, make my day!

Just remember, I can also do an MST of a MST.  BWA-HA-HA-HA-HA!!!!!!!

Oh, by the way.  I’ve finally found an answer for why there are so many
Sasami lemons, but no Nobuyuki lemons.  Sasami is the cutest ‘humanoid’
character in the series, and gains some sexual attention from some
respectable Fan Fic writers (You know who you are.), and MOST
non-respectable Fan Fic writers (Same thing. You know who you are.).
Weather you like it or not, Sasami is cute, sweet, and more desirable
then MOST people would like to admit.

Nobuyuki is another story entirely.  Being a pervert is not the problem,
if perversion was a problem then there would be no lemon Fan Fic,
right?  The problem is that Nobuyuki looks, and acts like a Japanese
version of ‘Homer Simpsion’.  And if you get the English dubbed versions
of the Tenchi Muyo series he even SOUNDS like him.  Also here’s
something to consider; Who in their right mind would want to see
Nobuyuki having sex?  Just a thought.

Oh well, until next time.  Adidas!
Peter Suzuki.
