Sasami's Lemons

By Timothy Alan Weaver (weaver_sas@yahoo.com)


        "Aeka!  It's finally happening!"  Sasami screamed out from the
operating table inside the interdimensional lab.  She has been in the care
of the self-proclaimed "universe's greatest scientist" since Washuu found
discovered that the assimulation with Tsunami would be completed.  Tenchi,
Aeka, Ryoko, Mihoshi, Yosho, and Nobuyuki ran down the stare to see Washuu
standing between them and Sasami.  Washuu was busy typing on her laptap
determined not allow a single reading escape her sights.  Sasami had her
head under the covers.
        "Sasami...er Tsun...Can we see what you like now?" asked Aeka who
was now intimidated by her sister's new identity.
        "No!  I don't want to.  I look terrible.  I hate Tsunami for
wanting to assimulate with me," yelled Sasami whose voice was no different
than before except for the hint of anger in her words.  In fact, no one
could see a difference in her height that they assumed would happen.
        "Washuu, I thought Tsunami said Sasami would look like her when
the assimulation would be complete.  She looks like she's still a little
girl," said Ryoko.
        Washuu shook her head and replied, "Just like my sister to spout
out about something that she knows nothing about like it was the gospel
truth.  However, the greatest scientific genius in the universe knew
better than to thread into unknown territory with eyes closed.  There was
a side effect to the assimulation process."  Washuu gave a stern and
serious look at the rest of the family.  "Before I pulled these covers and
let you see..."
        Sasami screamed, "Don't you dare pull the covers Washuu."
        Washuu turned to Sasami and put her hands on her shoulder.
 "Sasami, you can't stay under those sheets for eternity. Come on Sasami,
I promise nothing will happen."
        Sasami thought for a moment.  Washuu was right.  She had no other
choice but to let her family see her in new form.  "You don't have to pull
the sheets off of me.  I'll get out of bed and let them see me."
        "Good, but before you do, I need to prepare the others."  She then
turned the rest of family and said, "No matter what see, you must not give
into your primal urges.  You are human beings and not animals.  I expect
you to control your baser instincts."  The other couldn't believe what
they were hearing from Washuu.
        "Now Miss Washuu," said an indignant Aeka.  "No matter what
happened to Sasami, I would, in no way, harm or molest my own sister."
Similar replies were said by Tenchi and the rest.
        "OK.  Sasami, you can show them."
        Sasami got out of the bed.  She was wearing nothing but a hospital
gown.  She still looked the same as she did before assimulation: an eight
year old girl with one exception.  There was something about her that was
different, thought the other, that made them want to reach out and..."
Sasami was shaking neriously as she throw the sheets off of her.  All of
the sudden, Tenchi stared at Sasami leachvaciously for a second before he
realized what sort of thoughts that were going through his head.   Soon,
the girls started giving Sasami the same look at well only they didn't
stop themselves but began to close in Sasami.
        Sasami screams, "Please don't hurt me."  But her cries feel on
deaf ears as the girls surrounded Sasami and closes in on her.

*******************************************************************************

        It was 11 in the afternoon when Sasami got up from bed still
suffering from the ordeal she suffered last night.  Still felt sore and
and ached all over.  She went to a mirror to brush her hair and saw that
she was black and blue where the girls handled her last night.  She then
walked in the living room and saw everyone launging on the couch drinking
lemonade.  Sasami got red in the face which was qutie a feat for someone
whose body was all black and blue. " How could you do to me what you did
last night and now drinking lemonade."
        "But Sasami, this is some of the best lemonade ever.  You should
try it."  Sasami was even more furious to hear her sister Aeka say that to
her.
        "Of all the people in world, I would have you were the last person
to do that to me, Aeka."
        "Good afternoon, Sasami." said Tenchi, just walking out of the
kitchen with a large glass of lemonade.  "I hope the girls weren't too
rough on you last night."
        "You got of nerve pretending to be nice with that glass in your
hand."
        "It's lemonade, Sasami.  How could we resist?"
        "Yeah, Sasami," said Ryoko, "you can't say no to lemonade.  Try
some and you'll know what I'm talking about."  Ryoko hold out a pitcher of
lemonade to Sasami, but she declines.
        "No thank you.  I'll make my own."  Sasami walks into the kitchen
and began picking off her arms the lemon the girls didn't get
from her last night all of the while wondering why Tsunami had to be part
lemon tree.

*******************************************************************************

And for those hentais mad at me for taking the term "Sasami Lemon" too
literally, got ya.
