     This is a two part crossover fanfic between tenchi muyo,sailormoon,and
dragonball z,with a slight hint of lemon.Hope you like it.^_^

                               Tenchiballmoon
                          by The Prince of saiyans


*    One Saturday at the muyo residence tenchi was sound asleep in his bed
when he woke up only to see a twisted face of anger looking right back at
him."AAAAAHHHHH!!!!!"yelled a very scared Tenchi.Soon the face started to
laugh very hard."Ryoko,dont do that damnit"said Tenhi.Ryoko somehow
contained her laughter and said,"washu told me to tell you that we are all
going on a picnic today by the lake to get some fun into our
lungs.Mihoshi,Ayeka,Sasami,Washu,your dad,Yosho,and I are going;and so are
you."I'll go get dressed."said Tenchi.Tenchi started to change but saw that
Ryoko was standing right there looking at him."RYOKO!!"O yeah I forgot."
said Ryoko and then she phased away.Tenchi was about to change again,but
then he sighed picked up one of his boots and without even looking,threw it
at the wall.It hit Ryoko(who was poking her head through the wall)straight
in the head.Before long they were all in the car and were on the way to the
lake.Since it was such a beautiful lake the trees seemed to say,"it's our
lake not yours and the tall trees almost covered the beautiful lake with
their height.But eventually they found it.Since it was so hard to find there
were only two groups of people there.One group had 8 people in it.A woman
with black hair(chi chi) who from a distance seemed to be scolding a guy who
had short kind of spiky hair black hair(a teen gohan)and a man who had long
wild hair shooting out at all sides and an orange suit(goku)and a young boy
who surprisingly looked like a mini-me version the guy in the orange suit(a
teen goten).Somehow she was scolding them all at one time.Laughing at them
was a kind of short man with wild hair also but his hair was all shooting
upwards(vegeta) and nearby under a tree was a green man with antennaes on
his head meditating(piccolo)and there was a purple hair boy with a sword
behind his back(trunks)and finally there was a girl with blue
hair(bulma).Goku who was getting tired of chi chi yelling walked away."Hey
Vegeta,wanna spar?"said Goku."Sure,why not.I have a move I wanted to show
you anyway."said Vegeta.Vegeta started of with an energy disc much like
Krillin's but Vegeta's disc was red.He shot it straight at Goku very
fast.Goku easily dodged it."If that was your new attack then your in a lot
of trouble."said Goku."No that wasn't it."said Vegeta who was grinning
alot."If you want to see it so bad then take your best shot Kakkarrot!!"Goku
then powered up a kamehameha and shot it straight at Vegeta.Vegeta grinned
and put out his hand and grabbed the beam and stopped it dead in it's
tracks.Goku was so surprised that he didn't blink.Vegeta screamed and
said,"you wanted to see my new attack well here it is Kakkarrot!!!!"Vegeta
then yelled with all his might and the beam turned from bright blue to a
electric blue and it grew bigger than it had been before.Bigger than
Goku.When it got as big as a tree,Vegeta let it go it came flying full speed
ahead towards Goku.Goku couldn't do anything exept shield his face and wait
for impact.When it connected with Goku it exploded sending Goku all the way
over the lake(it is a VERY big lake!).Way across the lake is where the other
group sat.It was a group of mostly school girls and a pink haired little
girl.They were all mostly talking about boys and school."SERENA STOP EATING
ALL THE FOOD!!!WE ALL WANT SOME TO YA KNOW!!!!said Rei.Surprisingly she did
stop eating but now she was looking up.O "DONT START PRETENDING IM NOT HERE
MEATBALL HEAD!!!!"said a very angry Rei.Serena a now frightened look on her
face and she started running."She is soooooo weird."said the black cat
Luna.Luna then looked up and saw why Serena ran."RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!!IT'S
RAINING PEOPLE!!!!!!!!"screamed Luna.They all ran in different directions as
a man with a burnt off shirt and torn up orange pants and wild black hair
landed right on their picnic site.Rei was the first to come back."O MY GOD
YOU POOR THING!!ARE YOU OKAY?!"said Rei.
e
-----------Meanwhile at the Z warriors picnic site----------

        " WHAT DID YOU DO TO MY GOKU!!!!"screamed chi chi."GO GET HIM NOW
VEGETA!!!!"Chi chi saw what happened to Goku and was now scolding
Vegeta."Okay okay no need to destroy my eardrums!"said vegeta.Then thats
when Vegeta saw Tenchi and his group looking at him with fear in their
eyes.He teleported out of their sight and decided to have some fun."Where
did he go?"said Mihoshi.Why do you ask girl?said a voice behind
Mihoshi.AAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!!!sceamed a terrified Mihoshi.She then started to
shoot blindly with her gun trying to destroy what ever was there before.But
there was nothing there now."What are you shooting at Mihoshi?"said
Tenchi.But then he saw what she was shooting at.Mihoshi saw tenchi looking
over her head and she looked up and saw a beam heading straight at her
head.She closed her eyes and waited for the beam to hit but it didn't hit at
all.She looked up and saw a face looking right back at her.She was so
surprised that she fainted right there on the spot."HAHAHAHAHA"laughed
Vegeta.But then he teleported away.He went to where Goku was.Rei looked up
and said,"are you the one that did this to him?Who are you?As for your first
question yes,I did do that,as for your second question,none of your
buisness."said Vegeta."I bet your from the Negaverse!"Rei said."The Nega
what?!"said Vegeta.Prepare to be extinguished Nega jerk!said Rei.

MARS STAR POWER!!Vegeta stared as the girl became covered in flames and
changed into a red and white outfit.Vegeta no longer could hold it in
anymore."BWAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!"Whats so funny?said Sailor Mars.You look like an
idiot!said Vegeta.Your not going to be laughing soon.

MARS CELESTIAL FIRE....SURROUND!!!!

Vegeta laughed even harder when he saw the puny thing coming.He didn't even
try to block it and it harmlessly fizzled out on his chest.Okay,now it's my
turn.said Vegeta.He shot a beam right at Mars head but she ducked.The beam
went on to a mountain and destroyed it in a bright flash of light.He was
about to destroy her when Chi Chi came flying in with Gohan,Trunks,and
Goten.Serena instantly fell in love with Trunks,but then she remembered
Darien.***o well what could a little love do while Dariens gone***thought
Serena.She then noticed that Trunks was looking at her too.She thought that
just for fun she would act sexy.She blew a kiss towards him.He looked
surprised and then started to grin.Chi Chi was the first to speak."What the
hell is going on here?"Nothing Chi Chi  just a little mis-understanding
about the Negaverse."said Vegeta."you mean your not from the Negaverse?"said
Mars."I dont even know what the hell that is!"said Vegeta.All of a sudden
Ryoko appeared out of nowhere and gave Vegeta a deep kiss that was almost 5
minutes long.She came off his lips and said,"where have you been all my life
handsom."HOLY SHIT,WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU THINK YOUR DOING WOMAN??!!Vegeta
said."Huh,what are you talking honey?"said Ryoko.HONEY?,WHAT THE HELL ARE
YOU TALKING ABOUT I DONT EVEN KNOW YOU!!!"said a very confused
Vegeta."But,honey."said Ryoko."HONEY THIS!!!!!!!!"and then Vegeta gave her a
strong punch to her jaw.She went flying into the lake spitting blood while
she was in the air.Vegeta gave a final grunt and ran off into the forest.


---------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Stay tuned for part II of Tenchiballmoon

   Hints for next episode :

*Ryoko revealing why she acted so weird*

*VEGETA?!?!GETS A GIRLFRIEND!!!!!!*

*Frieza alive!!*

*The Purity Chalice revealed*

*Sailormoon and Trunks get busy in the bed*

*A new form for Vegeta and Sailormoon

ALL THIS AND MORE ON CHAPTER 2 OF TENCHIBALLMOON!!!!!!!!
