
  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

  NOTE: This story will make so much more sense if you read the first part
first.
  NotherNOTE: The gradfather isn't in this story. I guess he died or
something.

  Disclaimer: The hell with disclaimers


  ***                           *                   *                   *

     Tonight was the night. Tenchi and Kiyone would have to explain to
everyone that they were getting married. Neither of them knew what the
others
would do, but they were both afraid to find out.

  ***************************at dinner****************************

     "Um... excuse me, guys... but Tenchi and I have something to say,"
Kiyone studdered. "Uh... take it away, Tenchi."
     "Huh? Oh... uh, KiyoneandIaregettingmarried..." he mumbled.
     "What?" Ayeka couldn't believe her ears. "You... lord Tenchi... you
can't be serious!" With that, she slammed her hands on the table, got up,
and
left.
     "Really?" Ryoko asked. "You have my best wishes."
     "What?" Kiyone looked up, confused.
     "Oh, I don't really give a rats ass who Tenchi marries."
     "What!? Then what the hell was all that fighting you did with Ayeka!?"
Tenchi screamed histerically.
     "Oh, that," Ryoko smiled. "I was just tired of seeing that little bitch
Ayeka get her way."
     "So, let me get this straight... you blew up the house with your
fighting just so Ayeka wouldn't get her way? WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH
YOU!? ARE YOU DEMENTED OR SOMETHING?!?!?!" Tenchi was now walking back and
fourth, screaming. "ALL THE STRESS THIS HOUSE HAS BEEN THROUGH IS JUST SO
THAT AYEKA WOULDN'T GET HER WAY? AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO THINKS THAT IS
WRONG?!?!"
     "Jeeze!" Ryoko said, phasing out, "Jeeze!"
     "Congradulations!" Mihoshi and Sasami said at the same time.
     Nobuyuki went crazy. "Oooooooh!!!!! I'm so happy for you, Tenchi!!" He
grabbed them both in one big bear hug. "When's the wedding? Am I gonna be
invited? Huh? huh?"
     "Actually..." Tenchi could barely speak, his dad was hugging him so
tightly.
     "Could you let... us go?" Nobuyuki could barely make out what the
Galaxy
Police Officer was saying.
     "What's that, Kiyone?"
     "COULD YOU PLEASE LET US FREAKING GO?!?" Nobuyuki released his hold on
them.
     "Getting back to you questions," Tenchi said, " we haven't decided when
the wedding will be, but of course you'll be invited."
     "Yeah!" Nobuyuki went skipping down the hall.
     "Ok, that was scary." Kiyone said, her eyebrow going up.
     "Good luck!" Washu said. "Please excuse me, but I really must be
getting
back to work on my next expiriment..."  She floated away on her pillow.

 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~a week later~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

    Tenchi and Kiyone have finally decided on their wedding date.
    Ayeka now has dropped her grudge on Ryoko and started showing some sour
attitude towards Kiyone.

    "Fuck that Kiyone," Ayeka grumbled as she washed the dishes. "What does
she have that I don't? I'd really like to..."
    "Hi Ayeka!" Kiyone said cheerfully, waltzing into the kitchen. "Do you
need any help with the dishes?"
    "No!" She handed the wet rag to Kiyone. "You can do it yourself!" With
that, she walked out of the room.
    Shrugging, Kiyone finished the dishes.

 ****************************Later in the
afternoon******************************

    Tenchi sighed as he swept the front porch (Ok, so there's a LOT of
sighing in this fanfic. Live with it.). He was so happy he was marrying
Kiyone, and even more happy that they had finally decided on a date.
    Just then, Kiyone walked out the door and headed towards her space ship.
    "Where are you going, Kiyone?" he asked.
    "Oh," Kiyone smiled. "Out." She kissed him on the nose and started on
her
way again.
    "Kiyone, seriously!" Tenchi called back.
    "I promise you," Kiyone yelled back over her shoulder, "I'm not going to
a strip club!"
    Tenchi sighed (again) feeling very curious, but a little put out that
his
own wife couldn't even tell him where she was going. But, shrugging his
shoulders, he went back to his chores.

 ********************************4 hours later*****************************

    It had now been 4 hours since Kiyone had gone out and Tenchi was
starting
to get worried. Suddenly, the door opened and Kiyone walked in. Quickly, no
matter how interesting Jackass was, he shut the TV off and ran to greet her.
(Yea, so the Masaki's like MTV...) Maybe now she would tell him where she
went.
    "Tenchi...?" Kiyone said. "Guess what?"
    "Um... what?"
    "I'm pregnant."
    THUMP Tenchi fainted.

 *****************************2 years later*******************************

    Kiyone had had her baby. It was a blond headed girl. They dicided to
name
her Chiko. (Oh, PS: None of the girls have left yet ;) ) She was now almost
a
year old.

    The Masaki's were eating dinner. As usual, Ayeka wolfed down her meal
and
left. Ryoko also left to torment her. "Ayeka!" Sasami screamed, following
her
sis, "Don't start fighting with Ryoko again! Sooner or later you're gonna
blow up Tenchi's house!"
 Washu... well Washu was no where to be found. She had been in her lab for
the past week straight working on some sort of expiriment. Mihoshi and
Nobuyuki had gone out grocery shopping. So Kiyone and Tenchi were eating
alone.
    Suddenly, for the first time in what seemed like ages, Washu walked by
the dinner table.
    "Hi, Washu," Tenchi said. A second later Washu walked by again. She
seemed to be in a hurry. "Hi, Wash... hey, didn't you just walk outside?"
    Washu seemed alarmed. "Really? You mean you saw me walk outside?" She
quickly dashed outside. A moment later, Washu returned, pushing... Washu?
    "Is there really two Washus, or am I hallucinating?" Kiyone asked.
    "Meet... Uhsaw!" Washu said excitedly. "My newest creation!"
    "Wow!" Kiyone and Tenchi both said at the same time.
    Ding... DONG! Kiyone cringed as a crystal vase fell off the shelf and
shattered on the floor. Ever since Washu haad taken a microchip from the
doorbell, it always rang 100 times its normal volume, knocking a book or
picture off a shelf or a wall.
    "I'll get it," Tenchi said, starting to get up.
    "No, no, no!" Washu said, hurridly pushing him back into his seat.
"Allow
me. Uhsaw, go answer the door."
    "Yes, Washu, the greatist genious in the galaxy," the mechanical Washu
answered. Its voice sounded a little like Washu, except it was more
robot-like. Anyway, Uhsaw walked to the door. Opening it, she said, "Masaki
residence! How may I..."
    It would have said, "How may I help you?" except the guy at the door had
emitted a beam which had hit it in the chest. Soon, the beam went through
Uhsaw and hit the wall. Then, the beam stopped.
    "Oh, NO! The wall! Dad's gonna KILL me!" Tenchi surveyed the smoldering
hole in the wall.
    "Tenchi!" Kiyone said, standing up. "How can you think about a tiny hole
in the wall when a guy with the same powers Ryoko has is blasting your
house!?"
    Crash! Uhsaw's now lifeless body was shoved aside, and in came 3 people.
Two girls and a guy.

 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
 So, how do you like part 2? Please E-mail all comments/suggestions to me at
DragonCharmr8753@aol.com. Thanx! part 3 is comming soon!
