   "YOU!!!!!!!!!!!! YOU MORON!!!!!!!!!" Washu shouted at the 3 guests which
had so rudely walked in without being asked. "YOU RUINED UHSAW!! DO YOU KNOW
HOW LONG IT TOOK ME TO BUILD THAT???!!!!"
    The people just stood there, staring.
    "Uh... Washu? I think you better go... uh... start building an uhsaw2,"
Tenchi said, shoving washu towards the stairs.
    The guy spoke. "So you're Washu?  Hm! I am Silverwing. I know, gay name,
but I didn't choose it.  These," he pointed to the women behind him," are my
accomplises.  Meet Quickklaw and Butterflee. We are androids sent to
kiddenap
the mad scientist Washu."
    "Who sent you?" Tenchi asked.
    "We were honored that Lady Tokemi asked us."
    *Lady Tokemi...* Kiyone remembered how she had almost gotten Washu
before
and what she did to Yugami. It was almost unrepairable! Kiyone ripped out
her
Galaxy Police badge and gun. "You are now under arrest by the Galaxy Police
Force! Don't move or I'll be forced to shoot!"
    "Like, nothing can hurt us," the blond android, butterflee said. "We are
In-vinsable!"
    Tenchi was fighting off an erection as he gazed at the android in her
tight clothes which outlined her perfect body... Then Silverwing spoke and
that shook him out of his trance.
    "She's right. Your pathetic little wepons are no match for us."
    "You want to try me?" Kiyone fired three shots at the unwanted guests.
She almost dropped her gun in surprise as the shots bounced off them and hit
the wall, leaving even more holes in them. "How... How could this be? The
chief of police designed these wepons so that the were one of the strongest
ones out there! And you're just Robots... How..."
    "Like Butterflee said," Quickklaw, the brown-haired girl said, "We are
unstoppable!"
 She fired a beam at Kiyone. Just in time, Kiyone shielded herslef with her
gun.
    "Ow!" Kiyone dropped the police wepon. Just as the beam hit it, it began
to melt. It felt as if Kiyone had just reached her hand into a fireplace. It
was so hot, that it even burned a hole in the floor.
    "Oh yeah? You may be able to withstand a laser gun, but lets see you
withstand this!" With that, Tenchi pulled out the sword of Yosho The laser
blade phaded into existance, glowing the bright blue color that Tenchi had
always admired.
    "Oh," Silverwing said, "You have one too?" He pulled out a sword handle
almost identical to Tenchi's. Then, a laser blade formed on it. It was
almost
the same as Tenchi's except it glowed a steady purple. "Try me."
    "Uh!" Tenchi swung the sword at the android. He blocked it with his
sword. They stood there for a moment, each blade pushing against its rival.
Suddenly, Tenchi's sword broke through Silverwing's blade. The purple laser
disappeared.
    The male android backed up a few feet. "Hmm... it seems we have
underestimated you." With that, the three robots disappeared.
    Kiyone gulped. "I hope that's the last we see of them."
    However, Tenchi wasn't so sure...

 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

 Sorry I had to cut it short, but I had to go. I hope you enjoy the parts I
could get written down!  ~ DragonCharmr87532@aol.com
