 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

 I don't own Tenchi Muyo or Dragonball Z, so please don't sue me!


 It was just a normal day in the Masaki house... sort of...
    "Dammit, Ryoko! Tenchi's Mine!" Ayeka screamed, picking up a glass of
tea
and throwing it in Ryoko's face.
    "Fuck you, Ayeka! He doesn't love you! Who could? He loves me!" Ryoko
shot back, throwing a beam at Ayeka. Ayeka dodged it and it left a
smouldering hole in the wall.
    "Oh, yeah?" Ayeka picked up an expensive looking china plate and threw
it
at her. The plate hit the wall and shattered.
    Kiyone sighed. She was in the kitchen helping Sasami wash the dishes.
**Poor house!** she thought.
    "ENOUGH!" Tenchi shouted. Ayeka and Ryoko stopped blowing up the house
and looked at Tenchi. "If I choose one of you girls, will you stop
fighting?!"
    "Why of course, Tenchi," Ryoko purred. "I'd have nothing to fight
about."
    "Tenchi, I'd be so happy if you picked me..." Ayeka said.
    Kiyone sighed once again. **It's such a damn shame it won't be me,** she
thought.
    Tenchi sighed and stood up. "Very well. I choose Kiyone."
    CRASH
    Kiyone dropped the plate she was holding.
    Tenchi walked into the kitchen and kissed Kiyone right on the lips. The
only thing Kiyone could do was stand there and allow herself to be kissed.
    All too soon to Kiyone, Tenchi pulled away and walked out the front door
to work in the field.
    The house was silent for a moment, then Ayeka ran to her room and Ryoko
phaded out.
    "Sasami?" kiyone asked, "Do you think you can finish washing the rest of
these dishes?''
    Sasami nodded. She knew what Kiyone had in mind.
    Quickly, Kiyone ran up the steps and into Tenchi's room to wait for his
return.

 ****************************** 30 min later...*************************

    **Dammit! how long does it take for Tenchi to come back already?!**
Kiyone thought.

 ****************************** 60 min later ****************************

    FINALLY Tenchi returned. He found Washu, Sasami, and Mihoshi watching
the
New Music Videos on MTV. "I'm home!" Tenchi said. He got no response out of
the girls.
    He walked up the stairs and into his room. There he found Kiyone laying
almost naked on his bed, wearing nothing but a bra and underwear that was
just a shade darker than her skin color. She was reading a book. He almost
cummed just looking at her.
    Noticing Tenchi for the first time, Kiyone quickly threw the book under
the bed and sat seductively on top of it.
    A drop of blood dripped out of his nose, and there was a noticible bulge
in his pants.
    Kiyone wiggled her finger at him, and that was all it took. Tenchi ran
up
to her and kissed her.
    "Ah-ah-ah!" Kiyone said, pulling away from him. Reaching out, she
unbuttoned his shirt and let it fall to the floor. Immediantly, Tenchi
pulled
off his pants untill he was wearing nothing but his boxers.
    "Now it's my turn," Tenchi smiled impishly as he reached behind Kiyone's
back to undo her bra.

 ****************************10 min later**********************

    "How the hell do you get this off!?" Tenchi yelled, still struggling
with
the snap.
    Kiyone started laughing. Tenchi's ears turned red. "Like this,
dipstick!"
Kiyone reached behind her and pulled the bra off in less than 3 seconds. She
sat, her breasts now exposed, on the bed.
    This was the first time Tenchi had ever seen a girl naked, and "mini
Tenchi" was going wild!
    Finally, at the same time, they ripped off eachother's underwear. Kiyone
reached towards Tenchi and started kissing him. They eased themselves down
on
the bed untill Kiyone was laying on top of Tenchi. This whole proccess was
done without unlocking their lips.
    Kiyone's tounge was now happily exploring the inside of Tenchi's mouth.
In fact, she could have sworn it tasted like peppermint candy.
    The naked Galaxy Police officer felt Tenchi's dick brushing the lips of
her pussy. She didn't care. Slowly, it made it's way down her tunnel. Kiyone
could not stand his painstaking slowness, so she pushed herself down on it.
It went all the way up, ripping her virginity. it felt like someone ripping
a
piece of duct tape off her arm very slowly and all the little hairs were
being pulled out, except it hurt a lot more. She would have screamed, except
that would mean she would have to stop kissing Tenchi. So instead, a single
tear squeesed out of each eye.
    "Kiyone..." Tenchi said between gasps. "I..." "think..." I'm..." Going
to..." A strong spray of cum burst out of his penis. Not all the white foamy
liquid made it into Kiyone. It went everywhere, soaking the sheets. Tenchi
pulled his rod out of Kiyone and then shoved it back in. He did this until
he
sent another spray of his seed into Kiyone. Then they stopped and rested,
their faces red from their physical fantasy.
   "Can I ask you something?" Kiyone rolled over so she was looking at
Tenchi. "Why... why me? I mean... why not Ryoko... or Ayeka... I thought you
liked Ayeka..."
   "I do like Ayeka. As a friend. She's just to worrisome for me. Not to
change the subject, but, well, I promised myself I wouldn't have sex until
I'm married... I mean, I don't have a ring or anything..."
   "Tenchi!" Kiyone threw her arms around her new fioncé. "Just... please
don't tell anyone about this... the sex I mean."
   "Hah! Do I look like the kind of guy who would go around telling people
about 'what I did last night'?"
   Kiyone smiled.
   "No... that would be my dad..."
   Kiyone almost fell out of the bed from laughing.
*********************************The next day****************************

   Kiyone and Tenchi had decided to keep their marraige a secret until
dinner
tomorrow night.
   It was midnight and there Kiyone was, sitting in her bed next to a
snoring
Mihoshi. Try as she might, she just couldn't get to sleep. She kept thinking
of Tenchi. Sighing, she pulled a book off the shelf. It was an old love
story. She thumbed through it until a certain word caught her eye. She read
the paragraph:
   ..."Oh, Trista, will you marry me?"
   "Oh, David!" A feeling of happiness burst inside of Trista. No, not
happiness, bliss. Bliss... total happiness...
   Bliss. The word echoed in her head. She whispered the word out loud.
"Bliss..."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
So, how do you like my fan fic? Please E-mail all comments or suggestions to
me at DragonCharmr8753@aol.com. Part 2 will be comming soon!

.

~~~~~~~~~~

So, how do you like my fan fic? Please E-mail all comments or suggestions to
me at DragonCharmr8753@aol.com. Part 2 will be comming soon!

.