Disclaimer: Read the disclaimers from previous chapters, I'm tired of this... 


Ultima Anime Massacre Part VI: "HAVOC is born!"
________________________________________________________________________________
______________________________________________________________

Written by the infamous Angel of Death, otherwise known as Trevor "Ultima Trev" 
Flickinger


In the redneck town of South Park, Colorado, a man named Jackie Chan had moved 
there to get away from the noisey urban life. There he met four new friends. 
There names were Cartman, Stan, Kyle, and Butters. 

"Remember how cool Kenny was? Remember when he would steal money from the 
bank?," said Eric Cartman. 

"Yeah, Kenny was so cool," added Kyle. 

"So be it, I'll rob your damn bank!," shouted Jackie Chan. 

"Wow Jackie, you're such a cool friend!," said Cartman. 

Author's Note: This wasn't intended to be a JCA bashing fic, but one of my 
friends suggested it. Even though I have nothing against Jackie Chan, I find 
bash fics to be the greatest! I mean, why did you think I am bashing Sakuya? 
(apart from the fact she disgraces the Tenchi Saga) 

*I like having Jackie around, now I don't have to get into trouble!,* Butters 
thought to himself. 

Jack walked into the bank with a super soaker. "Give me all your money!" 

"What in the Hell is this?," asked Officer Barbrady. 

"It's a robbery, what in the Hell do you think it is?" 

Barbrady pulled out his shiny Colt Python .357. "You asked for it..." 

POP!! 

Stan screamed, "Oh my God, he killed Jackie!" 

Kyle also screamed, "You bastard!" 

Meanwhile on Planet Jurai, the evil bitch Sakuya was prepared for a face off 
with Berserker... 

"Those who deny membership will die the most horrible death," said the ever 
annoying Sakuya. 

Berserker smirked, "Do you believe a little bitch such as yourself stands a 
chance against the almighty Berserker?" 

Sakuya frowned and charged telekinetic energy for a ki blast. "Your life ends 
here... EL CHICO BLASTER!!" 

Berserker's eyes grew wide, "Fucking shit, her power is much greater than 
expected. I won't survive this..." 

"I won't let you die!" 

BOOM!! 

Fubuki-chan ran into the blast head on, hoping she would save the one formerly 
known as Trev... 

Berserker had a puzzled look on his face. "What was your reason for this? I did 
not ask for your help." 

"Berserker... Trev... it... makes... no... diff... erence to... me... I... 
will... always... love..." After that, she finally gave out. Fubuki-chan was now 
at peace. 

Sakuya smiled an evil smile. "Ha ha ha ha ha ha, you humans are so pathetic. I 
just can't believe your stupidity! She practically let herself die!" 

Berserker grinned, "Yeah, I'm glad I'm not a human." 

"That's enough. Berserker, you are not the evil being your once were! Admit it, 
you have emotions!" 

Out of no where came the Arch Angel known as St. Israphael. On the other hand; 
Age, Trell, and Noc-san were puzzle by that last statement... 

"Well-well, what brings you here?" 

"Berserker, I am here to help you. First off, you have to face the facts. You 
are no longer a demon, you are now a human. You are a human just like your 
friends," said the wise Israphael. 

Berserker scowled. "I refuse to believe such vile rubbish!" 

"Ultimo Jitsu Blaster!" Out of nowhere comes King Asuma of Gullantia (a.k.a. 
Hacker the Leet), firing his most powerful ki blast. "That was for Fubuki-chan!" 

Berserker hits the pavement hard, but was back up on his feet within seconds. 
"That was a fatal mistake, Hacker!" 

"Hell Fury Ignite!" Now comes Mikado's most powerful ki blast. 

Berserker catches the blast and throws it right back at her, blowing her at 
least fifty feet away. 

Berseker grins. "Such incredible power I now possess." 

"Your power is nothing." 

*How did he get through the seal? IT'S NOT POSSIBLE!!,* Israphael thought to 
himself. 

Sakuya glares at this third newcomer. "Who in the blue Hell are you?" 

"You don't know who I am? I've never been so insulted in my life! I AM 
BEELZEBUB, LORD OF DARKNESS!!," blasts an enraged Lucifer. 

Everyone else facevaults... 

Beelzebub forms large veins on his forehead. "Hey God damn it, it's time to 
fight, not act like a bunch of pussy weaklings!" 

The Berserker Demon growled, "Screw you! You're the REAL pussy!" 

The Berserker Demon draws his masamune and points it Beelzebub's direction. "I 
challenge you to a gore fest, do you accept?" 

Beelzebub smiles, "I am Beelzebub, the most powerful being in existance. I 
accept your challenge!" Beelzebub draws his golden trident and charges towards 
the Berserker Demon. "DIE!!" 

Israphael draws his Holy Saber and slices Beelzebub from behind. "I don't care 
whether if you are Trev or the Berserker Demon, You can't fight him alone." 

Beelzebub was virtually unharmed from Israphael's sneak attack. "You cowards, 
you always have to gangbang someone." Beelzebub then begins to laugh. 

"What in the hell are you so joyful about?," scowls the Berserker Demon. 

Beelzebub's smiles, revealing is incredibly sharp teeth. "All this time you had 
the advantage, and yet you failed to use it. You could have finished me using 
one of your Omega Ultima Blasts or whatever the hell you call it. But now, it's 
too late." 

"That's absurd. Admit, you're afraid to admit that you will loose," claimes 
Israphael. 

Sakuya is also curious to what is going on. *I wonder what Beelzebub is hiding, 
that slash from the Arch Angel had no effect on him.* 

"Unholy Tree of Jurai, I command you to rise from the ground this very moment!," 
growls Beelzebub with his deep guttural growl. 

Tenchi panics. "Unholy Tree of Jurai? Tsunami, what is that?" 

Tsunami is shivering with fear. "It's too horrible to even explain..." 

"Unite with me, ever so great Unholy Tree of Jurai. Lend me your power!," shouts 
Beelzebub. 

The Unholy Tree converts itself into pure energy and surrounds Beelzebub in an 
energy barrier... 

Beelzebub laughed maniacally, "When I emerge, I will be the most powerful being 
in existance!" 

For five minutes Beelzebub was encased in the energetic shell which modified his 
power with every second passing by... 

Berserker scowled at this new development. "There is no way I can beat him in 
this angelic form..." Berserker then transforms back into his human form, 
otherwise known as Trev." 

Israphael grinned. "Welcome back Trev, I thought you were gone for good." 

Trev smiled evilly. "From this moment on, I am neither Trev nor Berserker. From 
this moment on, I will expect to be addressed only as HAVOC!!" 

"Well Havoc, what should we do now?," asked Age. 

Havoc replied; "Simple, we kick the hell out of him for us, and then we kick the 
hell out of him for our dead homies." 

Beelzebubs energy slowly began to thin out... *It's time to show that bitch what 
this Metalhead is all about!,* thought a cocky Havoc. 

Once the energy shell calmed down, Beelzebub stepped forth. He looked the same, 
with the exception that he is now a robot... 

"Say hello to Mecha Beelzebub, kiddies." 

Havoc couldn't help but laugh at this new threat. "I can't believe it, a robot? 
That's the epitome of your power?! You're just a big, shiny, bucket of bolts!" 

*He should be my new general!,* Sakuya thought. 

"I'm sorry I work alone." Beelzebub then launches a ki beam at Sakuya. The 
impact is so intense it completely mutilates her carcass. 

*Maybe this will be harder than I thought...* 

Next Chapter: Now that Sakuya is dead, and Berserker has returned to the side of 
good, the only bitch left to die is Mecha Beelzebub, the mechanized Lord of 
Darkness. Who will score the kill? Havoc? SAILOR MOON?!! Someone else? It's a 
secret. Oh yeah, someone will get raped!
