Disclaimer: I do not own anything, except Earth Massacre.  I do this for free, 
so peace out.


Prologue

After the Corpse Paint ritual, our heroes travel across the galaxy to discover 
the meaning of life, and love!

"Hey dude, shut the Hell up and let me tell the God damn story!," says an 
angered Trev.

"I tell you, you earthlings are just so incompetent these days!," says the 
narrator known as Ayeka.

"Let me show you imcompetence, bitch!," says Trev.  Afterwards, he took a 
handfull of cockroaches from his roach farm and placed them on Miss Ayeka's 
hair.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!!," yells a severely frightened 
Ayeka, who runs away like the wind.

"That's more like it, now back to our damn story."  I then sat myself in the 
narrator's chair...


Ultima Anime Massacre (v1.2)
Chapter Three: "Trev's Secret Revealed!"
________________________________________________________________________________
_________________

Made possible by: Ultima Trev (superultimatrev@netscape.net)
Quality testing done by: Komobito the Demon Prankster (komobito@free-spy.net)

Opening theme: "Back on Earth" by Ozzy Osbourne

We were on space ship Tsunami, heading for planet Jurai.  Even though I am now 
the strongest hero the Earth has ever seen, I am lacking something in my life.  
"I wonder what's on GXPTV?"  I flipped to the news channel, and there was some 
interesting news...

WE REGRET TO INFORM YOU THAT JACKIE CHAN AND HIS FAMILY WAS KILLED.  THEY MET 
THEIR FATE BY THE HANDS OF VEGETA AND HIS FINAL FLASH, WHO DECIDED TO BLOW UP 
THEIR HOUSE FOR THE HELL OF IT.  JACKIE, JADE, UNCLE, AND TOHRU, ALL DEAD.  THE 
FUNERAL IS BEING HELD IN HONG KONG.  WHAT'S THAT? WE RECIEVED WORD THAT VEGETA 
HAS GONE ON A MASS KILLING SPREE AT THE ZEON BASE.  HUNDEREDS OF GELGOOGS, 
ZAKUS, DOMS, Z'GOKS, AND GOUFS WERE DESTROYED.  THE ONLY MOBILES SUITS THAT 
WEREN'T DESTROYED WERE THE KHAMPERS HEADED OUT FOR WAR.

Trell frowns, "That sucks."

I smirked, "Yeah, but Jet Li was always a thousand times better.  Not only that, 
the Principality of Zeon sucked ever since Char quit."

"Don't forget though, we could kick anyone's ass!," says Age.

I grinned rather evilly, "Yeah, we are immortal afterall."

The sweat beads formed by Tenchi, Tsunami, Ayeka, and Ryoko grow larger and 
larger.

"My my, aren't you guys confused?," I asked.

"The only thing here that confuses me is why deuce bags like you are coming on a 
mission of such imprtance!," yelled Ayeka.

My grin became more evil with every second.  "Believe me, you haven't seen 
anything yet.  By the way, isn't that unexceptable behavior for Juraian 
Royalty?"

I believe Ayeka would normally use her logs to attack, but I'm sure she sensed 
my superior power. Thus, she knew attacking me was a bad idea.  The next thing I 
heard was a big thud.

"Oh Ami, give me more!"

The two Sailor Scouts were in the next room having an orgy, with Cannibal Corpse 
blasting in the background.

"Alright, that IQ boost wasn't in vein!," I said with upright dignity.

Only a couple of seconds later, we were payed a visit from an unexpected 
visitor.  He was in the area of 7'9," and he was real ugly looking.  "STARS!," 
he yelled with a deep guttural voice.

Age, Trell, Noc-san, and myself were laughing hysterically at this new found 
threat.  Until he launched a massive tentacle at us that is.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!," screamed Trell in 
agonizing pain.

"Trell, are you alright?," I asked as I glared into this gigantic mutant.

"His... tent... acles... are... like... raz...," Trell said before he passed 
out.

"If he doesn't get medical attention, he'll die for sure," said Noc-san.

"I can heal him," said Tsunami in a startled voice.

"Alright, you heal him while the rest of us kick this overgrown maggot's ass!," 
I screamed with my Death vox.

Age look worried.  "Trev, I think we left our swords on Earth."

"Oh well, we'll beat him to death with our fist!"

"If you are to contend with Nemesis, you are to contend with me as well!"

A woman who is almost as ugly as Nemesis comes in to view.  I thought she was 
his wife for a moment.

"And who might you be?," I asked with a scowl.

"I am Alexia, the ultimate bio weapon!"

Noc-san smirks.  "No worries man, there is no way the two of them call beat all 
of us."

-----------------------------------Now from Age's point of view-----------------
-----------------

>From there on it only got worse.  While Trev wasn't paying full attenting, 
Nemesis ran right up and decapitated him with his razor sharp tentacle.

"OH SHIT!!," yelled Noc-san.

Everyone was terrified.  Too terrified.  Now knowing what these bio weapons can 
do, no one had the balls to fuck with them.  But, I can't let them get away with 
killing my friend like that.  They must die.  To make it even worse; there was 
even more evil on the way...

"Sorry I'm late."

Alexia sneered.  "Albert Wesker, where have you been?"

I was busy being promoted.  I am the new sub-commander of the Kei Pirates.

Nemesis growled.  "Why you?  And what ever happened to Hazanko?"

Wesker grinned.  "Because I am the most power next to Lady Sakuya."

"Is that so?," asked a somewhat jealous Alexia.

"That's right.  As for Hazanko, he's hiding.  He has been embarrassed since his 
demotion to captain."

The three laughed hysterically for quite a while.

"SILENCE!! MY DEMOTION WAS A MISTAKE, I'LL PROVE IT BY DEFEATING ALL OF THEM ON 
MY OWN!!"

It was time.  Time for me to unleash my unbridled wrath upon them all.  "OMEGA 
ULTIMO BLAST!!"

Wesker's laugh grew even louder.  "So long Hazanko, see you in Hell!"

My blast completely vaporized Hazanko.  Alexia and Nemesis were trembling in 
fear, but Wesker had a large grin on his face.

"Alexia!  Nemesis!  Attack him now!," commanded Wesker.

"But Wesker, he's too powerful!," claimed Nemesis.

"Bah!  What a bunch of pansies!"  Wesker then summoned massive telekinetic 
energy.  "Kaioken, times twenty!"  Followed by this, Wesker summoned energy for 
a ki blast.  "Kamehameha!"  This excessively powerful blast completely vaporized 
Alexia and Nemesis.  "See you at the Jurai Palace!"  Wesker then vanished into 
thin air.

Noc-san showed a sign of relief.  "I thought he was going to kill us."

"Believe me, no one will be spared in the actual battle.  We need Trev and his 
demonic power to overcome this threat for sure."

"Didn't you say some guy named Israphael would ressurect him of need be?"

"Hey dudes, I'm back!"  Trev has been ressurected at last.

"I guess so," said Noc-san.

-----------------------------------Returning to Trev's Point of View------------
-----------------

"So Trev, how was Heaven?," asked Noc-san.

I grinned my especially evil grin.  "It was boring, as usual.  I'm so glad that 
an infinite life pass."

That very second, I tunred as pale as the moon.  I could sense it.  My worst 
nightmare was approaching.  This very thing stood 5' 4", weighed 98 pounds, and 
had 27C-20-29 mesurements.

"Ohayo... TREV!!"

"Oh no, it's her!"

Trell and Age quickly go pale as well, for they too fear this 2,000+ year old 
fighting machine.  Even though she was over two thousand years old, her Ultima 
Energy allowed her to keep her 18 year old appearence.

"It's been so long, Trell... Age... TREV..."

"Gulp...  Yeah, it has been awhile... Fubuki-chan."

In the blink of an eye, she had me in a monstruous bear hug.

"You have no idea how much I've missed you."

"Can't... Breath..."

She loosened her grip, but I was still in enormous pain.

"I'm sorry, I guess I have to watch my power."

Noc-san asked, "Who is this?"

Age sighed, This is Fubuki Hiroshi, the Guardian of Forever.

Trell then mummbled, "Don't let her looks fool you, her power is three fold 
greater then that of our own."

"God damn it, why does a mere girl get to be more powerful than me!  It's just 
not right!"

Fubuki wasn't too happy about that somewhat sexist statement, so she ammended it 
by kicking me in the gonads as hard as possible.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!!," I screamed in agony.

Fubuki grinned.  "Hopefully you won't be as connected to your balls in public as 
you are now.  We don't want to give the Juraian natives a bad impression."

I scowled at the whench, "What the Hell do you mean by that?"

She scowled right back.  "We have reached Jurai, what else did you think I 
meant?"

"Sorry for not noticing, but it is quite hard to notice anything else when you 
nearly killed me with your deadly boot!"

"If you don't shut up, I will kick you again!," scream Fubuki.

I quickly shut my mouth.  There was no competing with her.  She was faster, 
stronger, smarter, yet quite petite.  She was ten times the warrior that I was, 
despite the fact she is just a girl.

"Since I am the most powerful, I will lead this operation.  Any questions?"

Since no one second guessed her, Fubuki couldn't help but smile.

"Tomorrow we will seize the palace."

"Tomorrow?  Jurai might not live to see tomorrow!," stated one Tenchi Masaki.

Fubuki glared at the Juraian Prince.  "You might not live to see tomorrow if you 
second guess my authority!"

Tenchi gulped and sewed his mouth shut.

"We will check into a hotel using these fake IDs and plstered face masks.  It's 
our duty to rest before the battle, and keep our identity a secret until then," 
Fubuki then handed out fake IDs and face masks, but where did they come from?

"Fubuki, where did you get fake IDs?," I asked.

She replied ,"Israphael got them for me."

"More like you FORCED him to get these," Trell mumbled.

Fubuki pretended not to hear Trell's last statement, and continued.  "There will 
be two to a room, with the exception of a few."

Roomates...

#1: Tenchi and Tsunami
#2: Ayeka and Ryoko
#3: Age (alone)
#4: Trell (alone)
#5: Ami and Usagi
#6: Noc-san (alone)
#7: Trev and Fubuki-chan (huh?)

"Wait a second, why do I hae to share a room with you?!," I asked Fubuki.

She grinned a very sinister grin.  "It's only natural that we lovers share a 
room."

Everyone turned thier heads in our direction.

"What the Hell are you talking about?  I DON'T LOVE ANYBODY!!"

Fubuki then put me in another bear hug, "There's no need to hide it any longer.  
Go on, tell your friends about all the delicious adventure we've had in bed!"

"IT'S A LIE, I HATE HER WITH EVERY CELL IN MY BODY!!"

Before another word was said, she dragged me into our room.

Trell shook his head in shame.  "That poor-poor man."

Age, Trell, and Noc-san laughed on hysterically.  Meanwhile in my room...

Background music: Record of Lodoss War TV Opening

...When she removed her mask, I could see she had tears in her eyes.

"I want to die," she mumbled.

"Here I thought you had an incincible ego..."

"It's not our insult that hurts me, it's something else."

"What is it?"

"It's been over since I've experienced love."

"Are you still holding a grudge against me because I killed Fragmaster?"

She shook her head.  "No.  I now know it had to be done."

"Than what's the matter?"

"It's because I need someone..."

"I hope that someone isn't me."

"Why shouldn't it be you?  Are you telling me that I am not worthy?!"

"It's not that, it's just that I don't feel love.  Love makes me feel weak."

"If you ever have a change of heart, please tell me," She then locked herself in 
the bathroom.

I felt the need to hurl, so I teleported the Hell out of there.  Love is just so 
weak, what we really need is hate.  H-A-T-E, I really liked the sound of that.  
Fubuki's burden was beginning to weigh me down, I just had to get away.  I felt 
the need... TO KILL!!

---------------------------------- Fubuki-chan's Point of View -----------------
-----------------

This bath felt quite relaxing while it lasted.  After a couple of minutes, Trev 
kicked down the door?

"Trev?"

His eyes were glowing red.  The Psychotic Murder Syndrome has possessed him at 
the worst time. "Well little girl, you look quite scrumptious!  In the name of 
all that is evil, you will be raped!"

"Ha, even with the PMS you're still powerless next to me!"

His mischievious grin turned into a big frown.  "We'll see about that.  Extremo 
Flare!"

--------------------------------------- Third Person View ----------------------
-----------------

Trev's blast leveled the entire hotel.  Even though Fubuki was supreme among all 
humans, she couldn't hold her own against the power embedded within the PMS.  
The Berserker Demon was soon to rise once again.

Age and Trell were the first to emerge from the rubble...

"Oh shit, it's the PMS!," yelled Age.

Fubuki was winded from Trev's powerful attack.  "Trev, I... finally... under... 
stand..."

"What do you mean?,"  asked Trell.

Fubuki slowly stoop up.  "He is... the re... incarnation... of... Beelzebub's... 
brother."

Noc-san was next to emerge from the rubble.  "What the Hell are you talking 
about?"

Age glared at the raging beast.  "All this time, he was nothing more that 
Beelzebub's own brother."

"So?," asked Trell.

Noc-san smirked.  "He decieved us.  All this time TREV was the enemy."

"I can't believe it took you fools this long to figure it out.  I am not Trev, I 
am the Berserker Demon, Beelzebub's brother and the ultimate weapon of mass 
destruction!"

Meanwhile in Hell...

"My lord, I have horrible news!," screamed Flak as he bursted through the doors 
of Beelzebub's chamber.

"What is it FLAK?!!"

"My lord, Trev is none other than the reincarnation of Berserker!"

Beelzebub spat out his wine.  "Damn it, I thought I rid of him millenniums ago!"

"His soul never rested.  All he could do is think about destroying the 
universe!"

"Were is he now?"

"The Juraian Tourist District, sir."

"Then to Jurai I will go.  I will defeat Berserker once again!"

Beelzebub dissappears.  Meanwhile, Berserker's rampage continued...

"Nuclear Annihilation!"  Berserker shot a ki blast which elimanated a five mile 
radius.

"Oh my god, what are we going to do?!"  Screamed the Juraian King.

"You're all going to die!"

"Oh man, it's hideous!," screamed Noc-san.

"How dare you call me, the Tendo Queen Sakuya, HIDEOUS!!"

"Who the fuck do you want?," growled Berserker.

"I am here to offer you the deal of a life time.  I want you to be my new 
general!," said a modest Sakuya.

"I thought Wesker was your new general."

"He was, but you have so much more potential!"

"Lady Sakuya, that's not fair!," insisted Wesker.

"Don't worry ass face, I deny her offer.  I WORK ALONE!!"

"We'll see about that!," screams Sakuya as she prepares to face off with 
Berserker.

End of Chapter Three.  Ending theme: "Bitter Peace" by Slayer

--------------------------------------------- Omake ----------------------------
-----------------

Oh no!  Our great hero Trev is none other than the reincarnation of Berserker, 
Beelzebub's younger brother!  Can the combined efforts of Fubuki-chan, Age, 
Trell, Noc-san, Tenchi, Tsunami, Ryoko, and Ayeka be enough to stop both him and 
the hideous Sakuya from universal domination?  Will Beelzebub join forces with 
the good guys? Can Vegeta, the Saiya-jin prince save the day? Don't miss the 
next exciting episode of Dragon Ball Z!

-------------------------------------------- Ki Chart --------------------------
-----------------

Trev: 65,000
Noc-san: 67,000
Trell: 69,000
Age: 69,999
Wesker: 180,000
Fubuki-chan: 180,000
Berserker: 194,999
Sakuya: 250,000
Beelzebub: 250,001
