                  Wedding Nights:

                      Washu

        A Tenchi Muyo: Ryo-Ohki Lemon fan fiction

                         By:

                   The DragonBard

*******************************************************

     For those of you who are wondering, I am the DragonBard
you know and love, also known as Sean Murphy.  I mentioned
at one time that I had some ideas for some Lemons, but I
didn't think that I could write them because I didn't think
I could send them through Hotmail.  However, I recently
gained a second e-mail addy with Deja News, and from what
I've seen of their Newsgroup posts, I don't think I'll get
in trouble for writing this here, but we shall see.
     This fic is the first in a series of Lemons dealing
with Tenchi's wedding nights.  One night per wife, and five
wives;  Washu, Ayeka, Ryoko, Tsunami/Sasami, Mihoshi.  Not
necesarily in that order.
The first night is with the most experienced of the group,
Washu.
     Oh, and just so you know, this takes place years after
Daughter of Darkness/Midsummer's Eve.  Sasami is all grown
up, and has fully merged with Tsunami.  Therefore, there is
not even any 'implied' pedo in this.
*******************************************************
_______________________________________________________

     This is a Lemon, which means a fan fic containing
explicit sex.  If you are under 18, then back up and get out
of this file!  You have been warned!
_______________________________________________________

    You can still contact me at my Hotmail account at:

                dragonbard@hotmail.com
_______________________________________________________



     Tenchi sat in his room, leaning against the headboards
of his new bed, wearing an ornate robe.  New bed, heck, the
entire room was new!  Tenchi was presently in the 'Master
Suite' of his new private starship!  It had been a wedding
present from his new wives, Washu and Tsunami, and his great
grandmothers, Funaho and Misaki.  He could easily remember
the moment, a few hours ago that it had been given to him.

     *                     *                       *

     It was early morning at the Masaki household.  Tenchi,
Crown Prince of Jurai, was up and about, preparing for the
ceremony, where he would join the five women he loved in
marriage.  He had faced one of the universe's top ten most
wanted criminals, some of the most powerful starships in the
universe, an extradimensional demon, and was considered the
most powerful Jurain of all time, and he was petrified!  He
hadn't been this scared fighting Kagato, Ryoko, or Yazuha. 
Thinking of that last person, he walked over to the room
where his daughter slept, and looked in on her.  Mayuka
looked much like she had those years ago when he had first
met her. A hand softly touched him on the shoulder.  He
turned to find the two Empresses of Jurai and Washu, his
fiance/mother-in-law-to-be.  Washu had a simple little veil
over her face, as an acknowledgement of the earthling
tradition of not seeing the bride before the wedding.  As
she said, "My last marriage ended with my husband leaving !
me, I'm taking no chances with this one!"
     With a quick motion for quite and that Tenchi should
follow them, the three women quickly moved towards the door
to Washu's lab.  Once inside, Empress Funaho turned to her
great grandson.
     "Tenchi, when Misaki and I first heard of your formal
engagement, we tried to think of what the perfect wedding
present would be for you.  After a conversation with Washu,
we decided to get together on it and make you one befitting
an Imperial Wedding."       Washu quickly typed in a few
commands on her holographic computer, and a window appeared
in front of Tenchi.  In it sat a large starship.  As far as
Tenchi could see, it looked like a strange, but beautiful,
combination of the crystals of Ryo-Ohki's starship form, and
the shipform of a spacetree.
     "This is the 'Heart of Heaven's Fire' a private yaught
listed as belonging to Crown Prince Tenchi of Jurai."
     "It even has a landing bay for that cute little
Ryo-ohki, Mihoshi, and my babies' spacetrees."  Misaki
gushed.
     "Tsunami gave me a seed for a normal Jurai Tree of
Light, but I added a few touches and improvements of my
own."  Washu said.
     "I even added a few extentions into other dimensions so
that it would never run out of room."  Washu smiled slyly. 
"After all, with all five of us, we'll need a lot of extra
room for the nursery and our childrens quarters."  Tenchi
got very red in the face, at that remark, and began to
stutter and mumble.  The ladies all laughted at that.  The
Empresses then decided to 'leave the two love birds in
peace' as they put it.  That got Tenchi even more flustered. 
When the ladies had left, Washu led Tenchi to a small
doorway that led onto the bridge of the Heart'.  She had
given him a guided tour of the entire ship.  She had been
particularly descriptive when they had come to the baths. 
When Tenchi asked why there was only the one, she gave him a
very innocent look, and said "But Tenchi, we'll be married." 
That had been quite enough for Tenchi who quickly stuttered
something about preparing for the wedding and, with a bit of
help from Washu, returned to the house.

                    *       *       *

     The wedding had been peaceful, except for the
occasional giggle by Mihoshi.  It was a combination of
Shinto and Jurain ritual.  Then there had been the party,
and the family members had seen Tenchi and his new wives off
to the Heart of Heaven's Fire for their honeymoon.  All of
which led him to where Tenchi was now.  Sitting on his
Emperer sized bed (larger than King sized) awaiting the
beautiful young woman whom he would then make love to,
consumating their marriage.  He didn't know which of the
five it would be, since they had said they would decide it
amongst themselves (They wanted to get it done before their
three hundreth anniversery.)
     Tenchi sighed.  <Maybe I'll just look around the room.> 
He thought to himself.  When Washu had guided him to the
'love nest' as she called it, he had been able to see only
the bed.  Now that he had a chance to calm down (what was
taking those girls so long?) he decided that he needed to
find out all of the 'little extra's' Washu had mentioned.
     A bit of searching on Tenchi's part resulted in the
discovery of a number of little buttons set in one of the
walls.  The first of the buttons turned the entire wall and
ceiling into giant mirrors.  The second caused a part of the
wall to open up to reveal a large selection of books and
magazines.  When he looked through them, Tenchi found that
they were all either sex manuals, or ecchi in some form or
another, which caused his nose to start bleeding.  A third
caused the appearance of a video screen.  It quickly blinked
into life, showing a couple engaged in 'VERY' intimate acts,
which further enhanced the rush of blood from his nose. 
Tenchi was in the process of trying to stanch the flow of
blood with one hand, while getting everything reset with the
other.  Then it happened.  The large, mother of pearl and
gold enlayed doors of the bedroom opened up to reveal . . .
Washu.
     Washu was dressed, if that is the word, in a
translucsent nightie.  Just looking at her made Tenchi
nearly faint from the drain of blood flowing from his nose,
and to other locations.  The nightie was opaque, but seemed
to fade away at random locations, then fade back in.  Washu
giggled as she quickly summoned a hypospray and a wet
washcloth from subspace.  She bent over, giving Tenchi a
clear view of her accets.  Quickly, Washu used the
hypospray, and began to clean his face of blood. 
Surprisingly, no blood came to replace it.  Washu giggled
again at the look on his face.
     "Just something I cooked up for just this situation." 
Washu than took on a serious look on her face, but with a
gleem of mischief in her eye.
     "That's a serious condition you have there, Tenchi. 
We'll need to get it treated right away, and I know just the
cure."  With that, her hands went to the straps of her
nightie, and with a twist, the thing fell to the ground,
exposing every gorgeous inch of Washu's nude body for
Tenchi's eyes.
     Washu's skin was as white as cream, a perfect
counterpart to the fire red hair on her head, and at the
junction of her thighs.  Her breasts looked to be as large
and as firm as those of her daughter/sister-wife, Ryoko, and
each was capped by a single ruby red nipple.
     As he looked upon his new wife's nude body, Tenchi felt
a rush of desire throughout his body.  For a second he began
to wonder if Washu had put some kind of aphrodisiac in with
whatever she had used to stop his nosebleed.  However,
almost as quickly as the thought had occured, Tenchi
dismissed it.  This was his wedding night, and here he was
with his beautiful wife.  If she did put one in, it didn't
matter.
     Washu, slowly, sultrily, walked over to Tenchi.  Every
motion causing her breasts to sway.  The motion was almost
hypnotic to Tenchi.
     Washu pushed Tenchi backwards on to the bed.  Then,
with a few deft movements, she untied his robe, and pulled
it off his shoulders to reveal Tenchi's lean, dark body, and
his rock hard erection.  Washu's eyes traveled over every
inch of his body.  True, she had seen it all before, since
she had put scanners throughout the Masaki house, she had
even seen it in person a couple of times when she was first
trying to get that 'Last Sample' from Tenchi, but now, here
he was, in person, and all hers.  At least for this one
night.  Washu knealed in front of Tenchi, and bent his head
so that he could look her in the eyes.
     "Tenchi.  I've wanted to tell you this for some time
now.  When I lost my first husband, I hid myself away in my
work, and took the form of a child to further hide myself. 
When Mihoshi freed me, and I saw you in Ryoko's memories, I
was intrieged.  When I first saw you summon the Wings of the
LightHawk, I saw you as something to help my work.  But as I
got to know you, I slowly began to fall in love with you.  I
tried to deny it, but when your cousin Taro came over, I
finally admitted it to myself.  Then, when the girls came up
with this idea for all of us to marry you, I knew I couldn't
loose you too."  All of the time Washu was talking, tears
began to flow down her face.  Tenchi reached out and took
Washu's face in his hands.  He then began to slowly kiss
away her tears, finally kissing her eyelids, and then
kissing her on the mouth.
     Washu's mouth opened under his, and the two exchanged a
passionate french kiss.  Now, this wasn't the first time
that Tenchi had engaged in a french kiss with one of his
future wives.  Ever since the engagement had been announced,
one or another of the girls had been kissing him (except for
Sasami until after she turned sixteen, then she tried to
make up for lost time.)  However, most of those times had
been initiated by one of the girls, this was the first time
that Tenchi had started it.  Washu pushed her body against
him, and the two fell onto the wedding bed.  Washu rubbed
her hands up and down Tenchi's body, until they came
together around the solid length of his member.  The two
seperated and scooted more towards the center of the bed. 
Then, Washu slowly lowered herself onto her husband, guiding
him into her depths.  The two arched their bodies towards
each other as the sensations from their groins washed over
them.
     Once Tenchi was firmly (pun intended) nestled in her,
Washu licked her fingers, and began to play with her
nipples, as Tenchi watched.  Then, Washu manuevered herself
so that her quivering breast was touching Tenchi's lips. 
Taking the cue, Tenchi opened his mouth, and began to suck. 
Washu slowly began to move her hips, and used her control
over her body to change the size of her cunt, shrinking and
growing it to further the sensation.  This was 'WAY' too
much for Tenchi's self control.  Without warning, he arched
his hips further towards Washu, and came.  This last, drove
Washu over the edge, her millenia of celibacy causing her to
orgasm herself.  The two lay down besides eachother, basking
in the afterglow.  Washu kissed Tenchi's ear.
     "I made sure that I was going to come here tonight,
because I wanted to show you everything possible.  So why
don't we just have a look at some of those 'extras' I
mentioned, while we rest up for round two."  Washu said. 
And with a gesture, she summoned the video screen and the
bookshelf.  The screen flared to life again, this time with
two women, or at least humanoid females, on it.  A handsome
young man stood nearby, watching.
     "Ooooh.  Maybe after we have our wedding night, we can
try this.  What do you say Tenchi?"  Washu asked as she
levated a sex manual into her hand.  Not hearing any
response, Washu looked at her husband to find out that he
had fainted.
     "Hmmm.  Guess it was a bit too much too soon.  Ah
well,"  Washu said as she shrugged, "guess we'll have to
save that for later."

                   THE END

                   FOR NOW

_______________________________________________________

     So, how do you like my first foray into the realm of
Lemons?  I'm trying to make this story interesting, not just
from the sex angle, but we shall see.
     Other lemons I'm considering working on are:

A Day in Ranma's Married Life (Ranma 1/2)
The Princesse's Concubine (Sailor Moon)
How Things Change (Wicked City)

There are a couple of other ideas floating in my head at the
moment, but those are the most prevalent.  Hope you like
this.

C&C, good, bad, or otherwise is always welcome.  Flames are
not.  If you flame me, I'm sending your e-mail to the
trashcan, and blocking any further e-mails from you.  See
you!