                 Wedding Nights:  Ryoko

            A Tenchi Muyo: Ryo-Ohki fan fiction

                             by:

                       the DragonBard


**********************************************************************
send all C&C to me at dragonbard@hotmail.com or at
dragonbard@my-dejanews.com
**********************************************************************

     Well, most of the people who wrote me said that they liked my
story.  I figure that's pretty good considering it was my first lemon.
So, I've started to work on part 2.  Their only complaint was that the
wordwrap on this didn't work that well.  I've sent an e-mail to the
people here at Deja News, so if it isn't fixed, I can't do anything
about it.
_______________________________________________________
                 This is a LEMON that means it contains graphic sexual
content.  You have been warned!!!!!!
_______________________________________________________

     Ryoko was beyond mad, she was beyond furious, in fact, there was no
word in any language that the human mind could understand to describe
how she felt.  Her mother, Washu, had tied up herself, Aeka, and Mihoshi
and then knocked them all unconcious.  Then she had gone and seduced
their husband, Tenchi.  The fact that Washu was also married to Tenchi
didn't matter in the slightest to Ryoko.
     "I wanted to be first!"  She growled.  She quickly released a storm
of energy blades at a variety of targets.  Washu had created a gymnasium
for them to practice in, when she had built the Heart'.  It had been
specially built to handle the superhuman capablities of its owners.
Which was fortunate, because if it hadn't, it would have been destroyed
quite some time ago.  As it was, Ryoko was testing it to it's limits.
     "Hello, Ryoko."
     Ryoko spun around.  There, in the middle of the gym, stood Washu,
wearing a tericloth robe.  Ryoko growled at her sister-wife/mother, and
leapped with her hands outstretched to strangle her.  She flew through
the air, and then through the holographic image infront of her.
     "Ryoko, I know just how angry you are.  However, I had to be
first."  Washu sighed.  "I am the only one of us with the experience to
get Tenchi to relax about sex.  Otherwise, he would never be able to get
intimate with any of us, except in a mechanical sort of way."
      "Why couldn't it have been me?  You gave me all this knowledge of
sex, I could have used it!"  Ryoko screamed.
      "Knowledge of the various sexual techniques, yes.  But there is a
certain understanding that comes, if you'll pardon the pun, with
experience.  You have the how, you don't have the why."
      Ryoko screeched out a cry of pain, curled up into a ball, and
began to cry.  Washu's image looked at her daughter, and placed a single
illusionary hand on her head in an attempt at comfort.
      "I-I-I lllllove *sniff* him so muuuuch."   Ryoko sobbed.  Washu
gave a tender smile to her youngest (for the moment anyway, after that
night, who knows) child.  Memories of what it was like to be young and
in love flooded her mind.  While she had never been as much of a
hellraiser as Ryoko, she had used her scientific knowledge, like Ryoko
used her agression, to hide the pain and insecurity they felt.
      "Ryoko.  Tenchi's awake now, and in the baths.  Why don't you go
to him.  Make this second night something special."  With that, the
hologram faded out, leaving Ryoko to herself.

               *            *          *

      Tenchi sat in the hot baths of his new 'home away from home.'  The
'Heart was the size of a large office building, if not bigger.  It also
had a large number of baths, or rather a single large bath with many
areas, similar to the one at the Masaki home.
      That last night with Washu had been amazing.  More than amazing.
Now he could understand why his father kept all of those Hentai manga
around the house.  And, he had four more beautiful young women to make
love to in the next four days.  It could blow your mind!  He had
wondered what he had done to deserve this.  While last night hadn't
answered the question, it did give him a few more things to be thankful
for.
      "Tenchi?"  Tenchi turned to the source of the faint voice.
      Their, standing in a silk robe, was Ryoko.  She seemed nervous
about something.  <Ryoko?  Nervous?>  Tenchi thought.  <I must be
dreaming!>  Ryoko slipped off her robe, and slid naked into the hot
water.  As she did, Tenchi got a chance to see his wife naked for the
first time, without getting a nose bleed.  She then moved over to sit by
him.
      Tenchi was shocked.  He would have figured that he would be
gloomping him by now, especially since they were married.  Actually, he
would have welcomed a nice gloomp from her, then he could try out some
of the things he had learned from Washu.  However, this change in Ryoko
was confusing.
     He put a hand on her shoulder, in a comforting gesture.  Ryoko
responded by grabbing a hold of him, as if he was the only thing keeping
her from being swept away by a tornadoe.  She was weeping, crying like a
child who had lost it's mother, which in a way she was, Tenchi realized.
Even though Washu was her mother, and they had been reunited, he had
never seen any kind of mother/daughter relationship between them.  He
knew that Ryoko was 2000 years old, and that she had been imprisioned by
Yosho for 700 years, but what
                 about the 1300 years inbetween?  How long had she been
under Kagatoe's control?  Ever since she was born?  Had Washu had any
time to raise her daughter?  Tenchi began to smooth his wife's hair,
while trying not to think of how she felt, all warm and wet, hugging
him.  He felt a strange something within himself.  Whatever it was, he
knew that he would do anything in his power to make sure Ryoko knew that
she was loved as much as she loved him.  Oh what he wouldn't give for a
telepathic link like the one she shared with Ryo-Ohki, and Washu.  He
thought of something, it sounded so simple, but like they say, it's so
crazy it just might work.  Tenchi shifted positions so that his lips
were right beside her ear.
     "I love you."  He whispered.  Her crying stopped.  He tried again.
"I love you.  I may not have told you that enough, but I would never
marry a woman I didn't love.  And unless I'm mistaken, there's a wedding
ring on our fingers."  Ryoko giggled at this.
     Then, in one of those changes in mood that was characteristic of
her, she moved her head, and started kissing him.  Tenchi accepted this
enthusiastically.  One of Ryoko's hands slid down his back and loosend
the towel around his waist.  Tenchi began to explore her body, mirroring
what she did with his hands.  While he did this, he guided her to the
edge of the pool, and lifted her up, setting her on it.  He felt his
breath catch, she was so beautiful.
     He seperated her thighs, and began to lightly kiss her on the
insides of them.  Ryoko's breath began to his through her teeth.
     <He's being so gentle.>  She thought.  Ryoko had always been
agressive because that was the way she had been raised, and to cover up
the terror she felt that Tenchi would actually reject her.  Everytime he
had tried to push her away, it was worse than when Yosho had stabbed her
through the chest to get her last gem.  Ryoko gasped.  Tenchi has
started to move the target of his kisses from her thighs, to the cyan
colored hair of her mound.  Ryoko curled her fingers in his jet black
hair, and moaned as he touched her again, and again, with his lips.
Then, he planted a single wet french kiss on her netherlips.  It was too
much.  Ryoko grabbed his shoulders and pulled him out of the water,
landing him on top of her nude body.  Then, she had a naughty thought,
and suddenly, she flickered, and two  Ryokos were there.  One moved to
begin kissing Tenchi's back, while the other shifted around, and began
to suck on Tenchi's rock hard member.
     "Oh, so that's how you want to play it."  Tenchi moaned.  Washu had
mentioned this power of hers once, but he had never seen it.  Tenchi
leaned down into a 69 with his wife, and returned to attacking her
soaking wet mound.
     Ryoko(s) moaned as she/they began to cum.  Tenchi just continued to
lick at her, like a child with an ice cream cone.  When she came down
from her high, she found that her double had vanished, becoming
readsorbed into her body.  What surprised her was that Tenchi was
still rock hard in her mouth.  Tenchi grinned at his wife.
     "A little gift from Grandpa.  According to Washu, Jurians are all
highly sexed, with a lot of sexual endurance."  Ryoko slowly disengaged
herself from him.
     "Why don't we just try to prove that?"  Ryoko asked, with a grin as
she settled on her back, with her legs spread.
     "Make me your wife, your mate, your lover!"  she cried.  Tenchi,
still under the effects of the stimulant/aphrodisiac that Washu had
given him, was more than happy to oblige.
     With a single thrust, he was deeply embeded in his wife.  Ryoko
quickly wrapped her arms and legs around him, and held on as if her life
depended on it.  Tenchi, for his part, was driving into her like there
was no tomorrow.  He allowed his hands to wander, up and down her back,
until he decided to simply caress her shapely bottom.  Ryoko gasped and
moaned with each thrust.  <It's finally happening,>  Ryoko thought, with
the small part of her mind not taken up by the pleasures of being filled
with Tenchi.  There were several things that Ryoko could have done at
that moment, with all of her powers (especially considering she had all
three gems now) and the sexual information implanted in her memories by
Washu.  However, she decided to simply hold on to this man, who was the
most important thing in her existance.  Unrealized by either of them,
Ryoko's dormant empathic abilities began to awaken.  Before this moment,
they had only been used to  augment the telepathic connections between
herself and Ryo-Ohki, and Washu.  But now, just as Washu had planned
thousands of years ago, they awoke, filling the two of them with
eachothers love and pleasure.  Sending them to new heights of ecstacy.
     It took a moment, but between the oral sex they had enjoyed before,
and the empathic barrage assulting their senses, they came together, in
an explosive (almost literally) climax.
     When the two of them could talk again, Tenchi lightly brushed
                 the side of her face with a kiss.
                      "That . . .was everything I hoped it would be."
Ryoko said, looking into Tenchi's eyes.  Tenchi could 'feel' the
emotions pouring from her.  The Love, contentment, the sexual after
glow.
     "Tenchi, the first time I saw you, you were just a little baby
                 in your mother's arms.  I don't know what it was, but
the very instant I laid my eyes on you, I felt something that I didn't
know existed.  I had see children before, but you were the most
important thing
in my existance from then on."  Ryoko said.
     "I watched you every time you came to visit, you were, are, and
will be my begining and end.  When you freed me, that was the happiest
day in my life, until our marriage, and tonight."  With that said, Ryoko
kissed the love of her life, her husband, Tenchi.
     When the two came up for air, Tenchi grinned at Ryoko.
     "Why don't we go to the bedroom, and continue this?"  He asked.
     Ryoko's answer was to teleport the two of them into the bedroom.

                  *                    *                   *

     Washu sat in her private bath.  She had made them so that the
ladies could bathe without interupting anything going on in the main
bath.  Washu grinned.  She could feel that the empathic abilities that
she had given Ryoko, oh so long ago, had finally activated.  A wedding
present to her little girl, before Kagato stole her.
     "I love you Ryoko."  Washu said, as tears poured from her eyes.
"May you finally have the happiness that I couldn't give you."


**********************************************************************
     C&C is asked, begged for, and appreciated.  I must warn you,
however that work on this series will be long, cause I don't want to
write just another, 'these two characters fucked,' story.  I want this
to be a lemon with plot, and feeling.  Hope it works.
    Who should be next, I wonder?  Also, I've got a ton of stuff to
write, so it will be a while between chapters of fics.  I'm still
working on the Wicked City Lemon, though don't expect it to be released
soon.
     Some of you are probably wondering this, so I'll answer the
question.  Yes, Ryoko was a virgin before this chapter, but the fact
that she is a genetically engineered being, had an intensly active life,
and an alien, would probably mean she wouldn't have a hymen, or if she
did, it was broken a long time ago.
     I recently gained some prereaders, but have decided for the moment
not to send them my lemons, since I don't know how they would want to
deal with them.

"To see a world in a
  grain of sand,
And a Heaven in a
  wild flower,
Hold Infinity in the
  palm of your Hand,
And Eternity in an hour."

  William Blake (1757-1827)

"Lord, What Fools these Mortals Be."
  Shakespeare

You can find my stories at:
Stardancers Homepage
http://www.geocities.com/Tokyo/Pagoda/4630/
RanmaS's Archive
http://www.geocities.com/Tokyo/Towers/3007/fanfics.html

>From the Pen of the DragonBard:
****************************************************
*"There are more things in Heaven and Earth . . .  *
*then are dreampt of in your philosiphy."          *
*Hamlet                                            *
*                                                  *
*Glendower: I can call spirits from the vasty deep!*
*                                                  *
*Hotspur: Why, so can I, or so can any man;        *
*But will they come when you do call for them?     *
*Henry IV                                          *
****************************************************

Yes I am crazy, I don't just act that way!