                          WEDDING NIGHTS:  TSUNAMI

                                   by

                             the DragonBard

_________________________________________________________________________

This is a Tenchi Muyo lemon.  Meaning that these characters, owned by
Pioneer, will be engaged in sexual activities.  If you are under eighteen,
do not read further.
     I do not own these characters, and make no claims of owning them.
_________________________________________________________________________

     Sasami was busily chopping some vegetables when she heard the door to
the kitchen open, and admit her husband, Tenchi Masaki.  As Tsunami, she
could perceive things much more precisely than was possible for any other
humanoid, with the exception of Washu.  And Washu didn’t count, as she was
Tsunami’s sister-goddess.  Tenchi glanced over her shoulder.
     “What’cha making, Sasami?”  He asked, giving her a quick kiss.
     “Just some soup for supper.”  She said with a quick smile.  Tenchi
shook his head.
     “I don’t know why you still cook for us.  I mean, Washu and I can cook
pretty well too, and Ryoko’s learned enough so that she won’t poison us.
Why don’t you take a rest, and let one of us do it?  Or better yet, let the
computer do it.  That’s why Washu built it, after all.  This is our
honeymoon, you shouldn’t have to do this.”
     “Tenchi, I *like* doing things in the kitchen.  Auntie Funaho’s hobby
on Jurai is to cook, when she can get away from her duties as Minister of
Intelligence.”  Sasami stated, as she put the chopped vegetables into a pot.
  “She started teaching me just after I could walk.  I think she would have
done the same with Ayeka, except that Ayeka’s time was so filled up with her
duties as the eldest princess, that she didn’t have the chance, really, to
be or learn anything else.  Mommy said that she believed it was one of the
ways that Auntie Funaho stayed sane all these years.  Why she didn’t drown
in all the politics and intrigues that she had to deal with.  Mommy had
fighting, Mama Funaho had cooking, even though she *does* love all the
politics, and we,”  She said turning to Tenchi, and enveloping him in a big
hug, “Have you.”
     Tenchi reach around her, and hugged his wife back, kissing her full on
the lips.  However, before anything else could happen, the pair were
distracted by growling noises, which they quickly noticed were coming from
their stomachs.
     “I guess we should get something to eat.”  Sasami giggled.  She went
over to the large walk-in refrigerator that Washu had built for the 'Heart.
She gathered together some 'cold cuts,’ and fixed the two of them
sandwiches.  She handed one to Tenchi, and the pair sat down to eat.
     Tenchi looked at his munching, blue-haired wife.  It was a sport that
he had found himself getting into shortly after being engaged.  Being of the
terminally shy persuasion, Tenchi hadn’t been able to do more than
occasionally glance at a cute girl, but then, knowing that these girls cared
for him, had made him watch them more directly.  At least when he could be
certain that one of the others wouldn’t catch him and get jealous.  When he
had been told of the engagement by his wives, he finally mustered up the
courage to begin watching them more openly (though part of the fun is when
they don’t know you’re watching (or at least so *you* think.))
     At the same time that Tenchi was watching her, Tsunami was watching her
husband.  <This is definitely *not* what I had planned when I began to try
and create Tenchi. Heh-heh, I never expected to fall in love and marry him.
Of course, I never expected that he would be born so early, or that I would
have assimilated myself with a member of the royal family, and gotten into a
group marriage with one of my sisters and her daughter.  And Mihoshi and
Ayeka weren’t even in the equation.>  Tsunami directed a small portion of
her multidimensional senses toward her sister Washu.  Washu was playing
around with her laboratory again, and Mihoshi had just gone in again.
<There goes Mihoshi.  I wonder if Washu’s ever going to figure out I’m the
one who keeps allowing her to get in.  Though, there *have* been a few times
she’s gotten in by herself.  Sigh.  I wonder what goes on in that girl’s
head sometimes.  One moment a genius, the next a super ditz.  Maybe Washu
can figure it out.  She was always the one more oriented on the physical.  I
always looked to the spiritual, and Tokimi . . . Sigh, Tokimi always
concentrated on gaining mastery of both.>
     Tsunami looked at Tenchi, and was suddenly reminded of an American
movie she had watched one night.  There had been quite a few scenes that had
amazed her, but there was one that had *really* gotten her divine blood
warming.
     “Tenchi, would you like me to fix us some dessert?”  Tsunami asked.
     Tenchi shrugged.  “Sure, if you want.”
     Tsunami went into another room of the kitchen.  Tenchi turned back to
his sandwich.  A moment later, he heard Tsunami come into the room.  Tenchi
turned to his wife, and stared.  Tsunami stood in front of him, naked save
for a layer of whipped cream over her breasts and mound.  The tips of her
nipples poked out of the cream covering her breasts, like two cherries atop
twin sundaes.
     “How do you like it?”  She asked.  Tenchi could only blink.  Tsunami
chuckled as she walked to him, and leaned down to plant a deep kiss on his
lips.
     Tenchi’s reflexes kicked in at that point, and he began to kiss back.
After a moment, Tenchi broke the kiss, and laid a trail of butterfly kisses
down to her left breast, where he started to lick at the whipped cream.
Tsunami sank to her knees, and quickly used a portion of her powers to warm
the floor, and to remove Tenchi’s clothing. <Don’t want any distractions
now, for either of us.> She thought to herself.
     Tenchi was, by this point, too involved in his desert to notice his
clothing disappearing from his body, though he was aware of it.  Tsunami
moaned as her husbands tounge removed the cream from first one breast, and
then the other, all the while his fingers would play across her white
stomach and but.  As he slowly finished off the last of the cream from the
breasts, he slid a finger through her netherlips, picking up some of the
cream, and the wetness that had been drooling from her for the past several
minutes.  He brought the finger to Tsunami’s lips, and she opened her mouth,
and licked it clean.  Tsunami gave a very cattish grin, and rolled Tenchi
onto his back, with her on top.
     “Thank you, Tenchi, that was magnificent.”  Tsunami said.  “Now, why
don’t I show you something . . . divine.”  Tsunami touched her mind and
powers to Tenchi’s, and shifted the pair of them elsewhere.
     Tenchi was stunned by the surroundings.
     “Where are we?”  He asked.
     “It’s a realm of subspace that exists within myself.”  Tsunami said,
with a giggle.  “Let me show you why I brought you here.”
     Tsunami and Tenchi felt like the pair of them suddenly had several
bodies, each one sending sensation to their minds, each one making love to
another.  Tsunami felt Tenchi’s cock driving into her cunt and ass, while
she licked and sucked its hard length with her mouth.  At the same time,
Tenchi’s fingers and tounge played across her pussy like a musician playing
an instrument.  All this time, they felt butterfly kisses, playful nips, and
caressing fingers all over their bodies.  It only took a few moments of this
to make the two come with aforce and energy that should have been beyond
mortal limitations.
     Tsunami shifted her husband and herself back to the ‘Heart, though to
her room, instead of the kitchen.
     “That, was incredible, Megami-chan.”  Tenchi said.
     “Thank you Tenchi.”  Tsunami said, stretching.  The whipped creams was
completely missing from her body, removed during her interdimensional trip.
Tsunami rolled on top of Tenchi.  “How about we go for another round?”  She
said, as she rubbed her pussy against his crotch.
     Tenchi smiled.  While the two person orgy had been intense, it seemed
like it hadn’t drawn anything from his body, and Tenchi was completely able
to go.  Which Tsunami found out, much to her delight.
________________________________________________________________________

Well, how did you like it?  I finally got part three of Wedding Nights
finished, making it my second longest series so far.

If you’re curious, Megami-chan means my little goddess (at least I think it
does) My japanese dictionary isn’t much for those kinds of words and
phrases.
