Disclaimer: Do not sue me, I don't own any Tenchi Characters and I don't
have any money so your just wasting you time.


*****************************************************************************************************************************************************


In this story I have an alternate beginning to The Tenchi Muyo Series so
enjoy, oh and this may be my last lemon because I am thinking about just
doing normal so anybody who likes my Lemons just let me know and I may
change my mind, if not its regular for me!


                           "What Might Have Been"

                                     by

                                Krackhead420



"Ahh...what are you doing in my bed", Tenchi screams.

"Well, I was a little tired after the fight so I thought I would come here
since I haven't really seen much of earth."

"But you're a demon and you tried to kill me!!!!

"Oh, that little scirmish I was just blowing off a little steam."

"YOU BLEW UP THE SCHOOL!!!"

"Ok ok maybe I did go a little overboard, but I was imprisoned for years in
that damn cave so cut me some slack."

"Well you are a demon!"

"yes.....but I am forced to do these things!"

"What do you mean "forced"?"

"I....I...can't tell you."

"Why not?"

"I just can't ok."

"Allright I'll drop it, but you can't stay here."

"But I don't have any other place to go."

"Well, I guess you can stay for the night."

"Oh thank you Tenchi!", Ryoko yells as she leaps and gives Tenchi a crushing
hug.

"Ok...OK.. Your welcome."

"So, is there anyplace where I can take a shower?"

"Yeah sure, follow me."

Tenchi takes Ryoko down the hall to the bathroom and shows her the shower
and leaves her to bathe.
Tenchi sits up against a wall in the hall waiting for Ryoko to come out
thinking about somethings.

"Well, Tenchi what have you got yourself into this time?" Tenchi sighs

"I am letting an ancient demon spend the night.....a cute demon sure but a
demon none the less."

"You think i'm cute!" Ryoko squeals with glee.

Tenchi whips around to see Ryoko standing there naked dripping in the
hallway, Tenchi quickly developed a hard on gazing at her beautiful body and
watchin the water drip off her smooth curves. Tenchi them comes out of his
daze and turns away.

"Hey, put some clothes on or at least a towel."

"What you don't like the way I look?" Ryoko says hanging her head down.

"No No...you are very beautiful but we just met and its not propper."

Ryoko leans over and gives Tenchi a kiss on the cheek.

"Thank you for being nice to me, most people would reject me and run."

"Your welcome, and most people wouldn't run if you wouldn't try to kill
them."

"Yeah, guess I should learn to control my temper."

"Well, I will see you in the morning", Ryoko says. And with that she
dissapears

"I wonder where she went, oh well probably found a bed in the house."

Tenchi heads for his room strips down to his boxers and climbs into bed and
he reaches over and feels something warm in the bed he jumps out of bed and
looks under his cover and there is a sleeping naked Ryoko.

"Ryoko you can't sleep with me!"

"Please Tenchi I can't stand being alone, I was alone in that cave for years
please let me sleep with you just for tonight!"

"But Ryoko......I can't..."

"Tenchi please.........."

Tenchi gazed into Ryoko's pleading eyes which were on the verge of crying.

"Ok, you can sleep in my bed tonight."

"Yeahhh, thank you Tenchi."

Tenchi climbs back into bed and as Tenchi is about to fall asleep Ryoko
rolls over and places her head on Tenchi's chest.
Tenchi blushes a bright red but doesn't make any objection for obvious
reasons, Tenchi places his arm around Ryoko and they fall asleep.....

2:00 a.m.

"Oh, god i'm tired these late office hours are killing me", Nobyuki says as
he closes the door to his home.

"Well, I wonder if Tenchi is asleep I think i'll go check on him."

Nobyuki goes to Tenchi's door and slides it open and nearly drops his jaw
when he sees him in bed with a beautiful woman. He quickly closes his door.

"Tenchi is sleeping with a woman, oh my god I didn't even know he liked
women I thought he might even be gay."

"Thank god, now I can get some grandchildren, do you hear that Achika were
gonna be grandparents."

Tenchi's room

Tenchi is awoken by Ryoko talking in her sleep. He listens to her words.

"no....no...NO....please no more!!!!!" Ryoko screams.

Tenchi becomes concerned and shakes Ryoko.

"Ryoko..Ryoko..wake up!!"

Ryoko startles awake and is scared for a moment but then she sees Tenchi's
face and relaxes.

"You were having a nightmare."

"Oh...Tenchi please don't let him take me back."

"Take you back, who?"

"Tenchi there is something I must tell you....there is a man named Kagato
and he is my real nightmare."
Tears start to fall from Ryoko's eyes
"Kagato is an evil bastard, he forces me to do his dirty work
and...and....."

"And what Ryoko?"

Ryoko gazed into Tenchi's eyes and knew that she could trust him.

"He forces me to have..sex with him, he beats me for his own pleasure and
rapes me constantly!"

Ryoko starts sobbing uncontrollaby and buries her head into Tenchi's chest,
Tenchi holds Ryoko tightly until she stops crying and lifts her head up.

"I will leave if you find me disgusting now."

"Ryoko, you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen and it is not your
fault that Kagato did those things to you."

(Ok heres the porn sorry for the wait *Krackhead420*)

Ryoko looks into Tenchi's warm loving eyes and leans forward and presses
her lips against his Tenchi suprised a little by this action

seems tense at first but soon relaxes and lets his tongue slide into her
mouth and let's Ryoko's into his. They probe each others

mouths and Ryoko breaks the kiss and starts to kiss down Tenchi's chest and
stomach and stops at his boxers and slips them

over his already forming erection.

Ryoko takes her lips and puts his head into her mouth and starts to make
sucking motions and Tenchi starts to moan at this.

Ryoko sensing her lover's pleasure takes as much of Tenchi's cock into her
mouth as she can until it hits the back of her throat and

she moans and starts to make twitching motions at the back of throat and
this causes Tenchi to cum into her mouth, his hot seed

splashes against the back of her throat and swallows all of his cum.

Ryoko licks Tenchi's shaft clean and crawls up to his face.

Tenchi stares in amazement at Ryoko.

"That was amazing."

"Tenchi please don't ever leave me."

"Ryoko I will protect you always."

"Tenchi please I want you to make love to me."

Tenchi doesn't answer but pulls Ryoko on top of him and starts to suck on
her beautiful mounds. Ryoko arches her back in

pleasure and starts moaning. Tenchi then takes as much of Ryoko's breast
into his mouth as he can and Ryoko starts feels her

sex fluids flowing out of her and onto Tenchi's stomach. Tenchi noticing
this raises Ryoko up and onto his cock. Ryoko moans as

she takes Tenchi's full length into her swollen clit. Ryoko starts to rock
back and forth and rubbing Tenchi's chest muscles and

moves her hands down and grips her hands onto his back. Tenchi starts to
pump harder into Ryoko and she digs her fingernails into

his back.

"Oh Tenchi I want it harder I really need it.ooohhhh!!!"

Ryoko screamed as Tenchi slamed his cock into Ryoko as hard as he could, she
cocked back and moaned and her muscles

clamped down onto Tenchi's throbbing cock which threw Tenchi over the edge
as he and Ryoko orgasmed together. Ryoko falls on

top of Tenchi exhausted from their exertions. After a few minutes Ryoko
speaks.

"Thank you Tenchi.....I have never loved anyone before...or had anyone love
me before." Ryoko whispers.

"Ryoko.....I will always love you..." Tenchi kisses Ryoko's forehead and
lays his head back down.

The two drift off to sleep in each others arms thinking of their future
lives together....................



*********************************************************************************************************************************

So How was it sorry about the cut off before I accidentally hit the send
button when I was writting so here is the whole story hope you enjoyed it

Peaceout

Krackhead420
