WASHUU'S LITTLE SECRET

a quick spamfic by Kris Overstreet


        Ryo-Ohki felt lonely.
        Sasami had gone off to visit Tenchi's aunt and take care of the
baby. Ryoko and Aeka were off pestering Tenchi at the temple. Mihoshi and
Kiyone probably weren't coming over for a visit, and Washuu had locked
herself in her Lab and left a note that she was not, ABSOLUTELY NOT, to be
disturbed.
        Ryo-Ohki stared up at that door now, having nothing better to do,
and as she read the sign over and over ("CUTE SUPER GENIUS AT WORK! DON'T
EVEN THINK OF DISTURBING ME!!"), the more a tiny little thought began to eat
at the cabbit's conscience.
        If I just walked in and watched, and didn't touch anything, she
thought, I wouldn't be -disturbing- Washuu-mama, would I?
        Finally, curious and bored beyond the genetically installed urge to
obey, Ryo-Ohki took a timid step forward and through the lab door, passing
through without a sound.
        The inside of the lab was darker than normal, all the illumination
coming from one corner far, far off in the distance. Curious, Ryo-Ohki
scrambled across the slick lab floor, careful not to slide into any of the
many, many, MANY strange devices Washuu kept littered around her lab. You
could never tell if something was a hat rack or a thermofusion implosive
device in this place. Once Ryo-Ohki had opened a small blue canister and set
Washuu to screaming with fright, until she realised it was just her crayons
and not the unstoppable airborne instant-kill virus she had been studying
the week before.
        Ryo-Ohki wended her way through the twisty little paths, all alike,
in the Lab, working her way closer to the source of the light. As she drew
closer, she heard distant shouts: "Aaaaaahhh!! Eeeeeeeee!" With a hiss, she
picked up her pace, eager to set herself against anything which might be a
threat to Washuu-mama.
        As she ran, she cocked up an ear at the sounds; "Aaaaahh!! Oh,
YESS!! OOOOOHHH!!" The closer she got, the more she wondered if the shouts
were of distress or something else.
        Finally, Ryo-Chan skidded around an pile of broken Washuu-chibi
robots and blinked as she stared into the source of the light; a filtered
down close-up view of a dying star, white and red flames rushing across its
surface as it collapsed, then surged to life with a new stage of fusion. All
around the display, dozens, no hundreds, of readouts in tiny print measured
things Ryo-Ohki didn't know.
        Whatever Washuu-mama was measuring, though, Ryo-Ohki thought, she
must like what she sees a lot. Sitting over on a chair, skirt pulled up and
one hand working beneath her panties while the other flashed across a
keyboard, Washuu watched the star's collapse with rapture, moaning and
writhing with every flicker of data scrolling across the screen.
        "Yes! UGH! Core temperature approaching carbon-fusion stage! OH,
SHIT!! OH, GODS!! Neutrino flow peaking! YES! PEAK! UUUGH! MORE, you can do
it baby, YEAAAHH! AAAAAAHH! Ohfuck! Ohfuck! Here it comes! YESS!! CARBON
FUSION! NEUTRINO FLOW PEAKED! IT'S GONNA NOVA! BLOW FOR ME, BABY! UGGGH!!
MORE! DO IT!!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH!!!"
        The display went solid white as the star's core degenerated to iron,
hitting the end of the fusion cycle, collapsed, and exploded, leaving a vast
wave of light and mass and a hyperdense neutron star in the heart. 
        Ryo-Ohki sniffed the air curiously, flinched at the smell of sweat
and other, strange bodily fluids coating Washuu's panties. She stepped out
into the light and whispered, 'mya?'
        Washuu, her chest still heaving from her climaxes, froze at the tiny
sound. She looked over, her hand still stuck inside her, and saw a very
confused little cabbit staring up at her.
        "You. Didn't. See. This." she said, glaring down at Ryo-Ohki. "Now
***BEAT IT!!!!***"
        Ryo-Ohki turned and sped through the lab, retracing her steps,
occasionally bouncing off something or other in her haste to get away.
Whatever Washuu-mama was doing, she didn't want to know -that- badly!!

        Washuu smirked to herself as she turned off the scanners and brought
the lab's illumination back up to standard. Now for my bacteria engineering
projects, Washuu thought, and my vibrator. Hm, genetic improvement of
species makes me sooo hoooorny....
        She unbuttoned her blouse as she walked off to check on her cultures...

        ---Redneck

Will you visit one of Kris Overstreet's web sites?
http://www.txdirect.net/users/redneck - Redneck Gaijin Online
http://www.wren-spot.com/wlp/ - White Lightning Productions
http://www.jurai.net/~redneck/dvpbem/ - In Nomine: Dark Victory PBEM
http://www.wren-spot.com/wlp/milkmaid.html - The Magnificent Milkmaid
Please make your decision quickly as I have a tendency to scream for 
no reason. ***KUDDU-KUDDU-PAW!!!***







