	Greetings Readers.  This is a Tenchi Muyo fanfic.  AIC / Pioneer 
Entertainment is kind enough to ignore my shameless use of their licensed 
characters, so please show how much you appreciate their hard work by taking the 
time to consider buying some of their products, like Tri-gun.  (or Tenchi!  ^_^ 
) 

For the sake of storyline continuity I claim this story to take place in the 
Tenchi Universe setting sometime between episodes 7 and 8.  To you Tenchi 
fanatics out there, please wait until you have read the story before stoning me 
to death as a heretic.  Any and all errors are mine, if you find some please 
feel free to throw larger stones.  All stones are to be addressed to 
"AlexLoonies@aol.com".  

To avoid confusion: A line indicates a change of perspective (and narrator) or a 
passage of time.  At the time of their introduction (lunch time of course) the 
cast is scattered as follows.  Tenchi is at school. Noboyuki is at work.  
Katsuhito/Yosho is at the shrine.  Ayeka, Sasami, Ryo-Ohki, Ryoko and Washu are 
in the house.  Kiyone and Mihoshi are visiting to ask for Washu's help with 
something on the Yagami and are in civilian clothes.  Mihoshi watches TV with 
the others while Kiyone and Washu talk shop in Washu's Laboratory.  But first, 
you will meet some guests of my own.

It is with pride that I present to you...


EPISODE 7.5  NO NEED FOR A BOUNTY HUNTER


	Sid moaned contentedly as a gorgeous blonde wearing nothing but a flimsy 
white nighty straddled his lap, her hands fumbling with his belt.  She leaned 
over him and whispered something in his ear but he couldn't hear her.  She 
leaned closer, her tongue darting out and whispered again.  

His eyes opened and he turned to her confused.  "Whadd'ya mean 'beep'?"  He 
winced in pain as her mouth opened wide, emitting a howling screech.  
"BEEEEEEEEEEEP!"  

Sid's eyes flew open again as his feet slid off of the control panel in front of 
him, the incoming message alarm blaring through the compartment.  Cursing under 
his breath he sat up and the dirty magazine slid off his chest as he reached for 
the respond key.  He scowled blearily at the screen as it lit up, muttering to 
himself.  

"This better be goo...    Hey there!"  His face lit up as he leered at the 
attractive young Galaxy Police dispatcher glaring up at him from the screen.  

"Hmph, it took you long enough to answer Sid.  I was beginning to hope you'd 
finally gotten yourself killed."  She frowned up at him in annoyance.  "No such 
luck.  Damn it Sid, you look like shi.."  

He interrupted her suddenly, grinning.  "Hey now Selfie, pretty ladies shouldn't 
say such mean things."  

She frowned up at him mumbling under her breath.  "Hopeless...  Listen up Sid, 
we've got a new lead on Taifon.  He's been spotted heading for quadrant 18C-5 
after blasting another GP Cruiser to hell and gone."  Selfie sneered up at his 
disheveled appearance.  "Think you can find the time in your... busy schedule, 
to track him down?"  
	
He looked at her groggily.  "Taifon?"  

An odd twitch started in her eye and she snarled up at the screen.  "IDIOT!  
Taifon!  The A-5 class criminal wanted in 6 systems!  The one you were supposed 
to catch a week ago!"  

He brightened suddenly.  "Oh yea, that guy!"  Then he glared at the screen and 
snapped back.  "Its not my fault your tips are unreliable!  If you fools at 
headquarters did your jobs right for a change we wouldn't have to go through all 
this!"  

They stared daggers at each other before Selfie finally gave up and shrugged.  
"If you can't handle the assignment I'm sure we can find someone more..."  She 
sneered at him again.  "...capable."  

He laughed at her scornfully.  "Ha!  Good luck, you'll need it.  I'll track down 
your big bad villain for you..."  He smiled at the screen.  "Blood sucking 
witch."  Sid cut the transmission just as she stood up, howling with rage.  He 
chuckled softly to himself and sighed.  "Its just too easy some times..."  

He quickly pushed some more garbage off of his ships control console and keyed 
in the coordinates.  "Hmm, Quadrant 18C-5...  where are you hiding Taifon..." He 
quickly scanned over the star charts.  "Geez, how am I going to find him in that 
galactic backwater?"  Sid shrugged and let out another sigh.  "Oh well, at least 
his bounty's gone up."  

He looked down sharply at the microphone in the panel and keyed in the 
coordinates.  "OX-11, change to new heading, full speed."  The computer beeped 
in acknowledgment as the ship spun about, gaining speed.


*************************

	In a distant corner of known space, clutching the side of an asteroid, 
sits a grungy run down facility with the nerve to call itself a spaceport.  A 
port of call to all manner of shady characters, the Nirutaba Space Sport has a 
well earned reputation for being a nasty place where a clever spacer can get 
just about anything... for a price.  With his ship resting in the dock our hero 
makes his way to an information sales establishment, which just happens to sell 
drinks too.

Sid took a deep breath as he pushed through the entrance to the place called The 
Airlock, mentally cursing whatever damn fool thought it would be funny to 
install wooden saloon style doors in a space station.  

The quiet chatter in the bar fell silent and he stood there a moment, blinking 
as his eyes adjusted to the darkness.  The noise returned abruptly, albeit a 
little lower when Sid walked purposefully to the bar.  Ignoring the eyes 
following his approach he glanced out through the shielded windows covering one 
of the walls to admire the unusually busy docks then sat at one of the few 
secluded stools and rested his elbows on the bar.  

Moments later he grinned as a small shapely young woman stepped out of the 
curtain behind the bar.  The bartender whispered something into her ear and she 
looked around.  She smirked upon seeing Sid and walked over to him with an 
amused look on her face.  

Though he'd seen the woman many times in the past he couldn't help staring at 
her long pointed ears, avoiding her piercing gray eyes which seemed far older 
than the rest of her.  He grinned at her as she took a seat on the inside of the 
bar across from him and smoothed out her dress.  

The woman leaned forward, narrowing her eyes.  "Well, well, well... look what 
the salvage scow dragged in."  

Sid winced at her acidic tone and made a surrendering gesture with his hands.  
"Okay Myuriko, I admit it.  You were right." 

She snorted disdainfully and looked away, offended.  "Hmph, of course I'm right.  
You know better than to trust information from anyone but me."  She rubbed her 
knuckles across her rather snug shirt.  "I am a professional after all."  

Myuriko glared at him suddenly.  "But did you listen to me?  Noooo.  You settled 
for third rate info passed down to you by some half witted GP bimbo in the 
pitiful hope that it would score you some points with her.  And look where it 
got you..."  Another self satisfied smirk formed on her face.  "And now you've 
come slithering back to me for help.  Have you had time to repair all the damage 
your ship took from Taifon's booby traps?"  

Sid groaned and propped his head up on one hand.  "Go ahead, rub it in for all 
its worth.  You know I didn't come here for pity."  he said, sliding a sizable 
credit chip across the counter.  

Myuriko snatched it up like a striking snake and dropped it in a pocket.  She 
looked into his eyes, speaking in a sad, mocking tone.  "Don't you think its 
terrible how they've increased the rent prices around here recently?" 

Sid rolled his eyes and sighed, sliding another chip forward.  

She continued on, looking up at the ceiling thoughtfully.  "Y'know, I've been 
thinking about remodelling the place...  new tables, new chairs, give the 
bulkhead a good cleaning..."  

Sid gave her a dirty look and angrily shoved two more across the counter, 
growling.  

Myuriko went on in an innocent voice.  "Wouldn't it be nice if we could stock 
some classy drinks in here besides the usual batch of goats water?"  

Sid glared at her and snarled back quietly.  "Yea, it would, wouldn't it."  

She shrugged, smiling in self satisfaction and laughed.  "Can't blame a girl for 
trying.  I'll let you off easy this time because I'm enjoying this."  

He frowned at her in confusion.  "Your not usually like this.  What's so damn 
funny?"  

Myuriko smiled at him sweetly and pulled out a data-pad.  She keyed in a few 
things and laughed again.  "You'd better hurry."  

Sid glared at her again.  "What's that supposed to mean?"  

With a massive grin on her face she pointed out the window towards the docks.  
"You see that old green Raizak class gunboat at gate 12?  Its his, aaaand..."  
She glanced at the data-pad again.  "...it's scheduled to launch in... 1 minute, 
47 seconds."  She folded her hands over the pad and smiled up at him innocently.  

Sid stood up in alarm, looking from her to the window as if wondering whether 
she's serious.  

"Thank you for choosing The Airlock, please come again."  she said sweetly.  

Sid grinned at the window realizing it was no joke then quickly turned to leave.  
As Myuriko stood up he suddenly ran back to the bar, seized her face in his 
hands and kissed her soundly.  She froze in his arms, her eyes wide in shock.  A 
moment later he released her and ran through the doors laughing, running as if 
the Four Horseman of the Apocalypse were at his heels.  

Myuriko shrieked at him as he ran.  "YOU'LL PAY FOR THAT YOU JERK!"  She froze 
again as she noticed the amused looks the other patrons were giving her.  "WHAT 
THE HELL YOU LOOK'IN AT!"  she screamed at the room.  The place went silent as 
everyone looked away and she stormed into the back room.  Once they'd heard the 
door slam behind the curtain the room burst out with laughter.

***********************************

	Sid knew he wouldn't be able to stop Taifon's launch.  What could he do?  
Ask the dock authorities to hold the ship?  Ha!  A wanted criminal?  Here?  Take 
your pick...  He just didn't have the time or the money to bribe the dock master 
so he rushed madly to his ship.

Sid cursed furiously as his engines warmed up, watching Taifon's ship pull away 
and turn to leave.  He winced as the incoming message alarm went off again and 
he set it to audio only.  The angry voice of the flight control officer echoed 
within the compartment.  

"This is Nirutaba Control to Dock 23, you are not cleared for launch!  Stand 
down your engines at once!"  

He flipped a switch he kept for just such an occurrence and the communicator 
filled itself with hideous static.  Sid leaned over the speaker, yelling into 
it.  

"Say again Nirutaba Control?"  

The officer repeated himself angrily.  Sid grinned as his engines came online.  

"What?  Launch immediately?  Affirmative Nirutaba Control, thanks!" he yelled 
into the speaker, cutting off the transmission as the man repeated his demands.  

Praying there was no-one in his path Sid backed his ship out of the dock just in 
time to see the gunboat shrink into the distance.  Still cursing to himself Sid 
keyed in the new coordinates, yelling at the computer.  

"OX-11!  Maximum power to the engines, now!"  

He cursed louder still as the screen filled up with warning messages.  

"Yes!  I know theres a chance it might explode!  Just do it!"  

Sid kicked the console as it made a rude noise and the ship flew off in pursuit 
of his quarry.  He watched his sensors intently as his ship gained its maximum 
speed.  

**********************************

	Sid leaned back in his chair and stifled yet another yawn grumbling to 
himself as he glanced at his chronometer.  

"Damn it Taifon, I've been gaining on you for the last... 3 and a half hours.  
Give it up you tired old goat."  

He leaned over the console and made a few bored calculations.  "Unless he does 
something I'll overtake him around... lets see."  He typed into the controls in 
annoyance.  "18C... by B2... quadrant.... 4m6..."  The computer beeped in 
compliance, its display flickering over a new image.  

His eyes widened in alarm then narrowed as he leaned back frowning coldly.  "The 
Sol System...  Hmph.  There's no place like home."  

He sighed and closed his eyes, remembering the unusual array of events that led 
to his now familiar lifestyle.  Sid jumped up suddenly as a new alarm blared 
through the compartment.  He shook his head roughly as he watched something 
break away from Taifon's ship.  

"OX-11, magnify."  He squinted at the image and leaned back impressed.  

"Son of a bitch.  How did he cram a shuttle on board that thing, its only an 
outdated gunboat for the love of..."  Sid thought quickly, running through his 
options as the shuttle veered left on a new course.  

"Bastard.  He's making me choose one.  He's worth three times as much alive... 
If I kill him I'll be lucky to pull even for all the grief he's put me through.  
1 or 2... 1 or 2..."  

Sid smiled evilly and took control of his weapons grid.  "Both sounds good to 
me."  An old audio recording played itself just as he fired off a missile at the 
shuttle.  "Arr, firing tube one cap'n!  Har har!"  Sid watched the missile 
streak out after the shuttle and smiled grimly at the brilliant flash made by 
the shuttles destruction.  

"If that was him, I can always come back for the evidence." he said, taking note 
of the debris location in his computer.  He turned his attention back to the 
gunboat.  

"Don't you die on me Taifon, I want you to live long enough for them to execute 
you.  Just a few more hours until we're in beam range, then we can see if you 
really are in that tin can or not."

***********************************

	Taifon spewed out yet another stream of curses as his ship rocked under 
the bounty hunters fire.  He'd tried every trick he could and nothing could get 
the bastard off his tail.  He ran a shriveled hand through his unruly matt of 
gray hair and cursed the day he'd been born in a grainy voice.  

"Why can't anything ever go right?  I gave them plenty of time to pay the ransom 
money.  Its not my fault they wouldn't cough it up.  I mean, it only makes sense 
that the children and elderly would get sick first.  What the hell did they 
expect... making it sound all shocking or some'fin."  He shook his head in 
frustration and cursed again as his ship shook once more, spittle flying over 
the controls.  "Ya virus bomb one city and the whole galaxy is out to get you, 
what's the Universe coming to...  they cured it didn't they!"  

He squinted at the image of the pursuing ship.  "Damnit, that things older than 
ME!  A wonder it still flies..."  Taifon thought he'd destroyed the damn thing 
after it had blundered into the proximity mines he'd left near his old ship 
which he'd abandoned.  Then he'd shot another GP lapdog full of holes.  The damn 
fool was delightfully surprised when he'd gotten a such a good view of the newly 
installed rear firing missile array. 

He figured he'd given the authorities the slip when he docked with the Nirutaba 
Spaceport but THIS bounty hunter had come back from the dead to get him... 
again.  He'd been unable to re-arm his ship at the port having spent nearly all 
his money getting there.  Those damn arms dealers had wanted an arm, a leg and a 
lung for good measure.  

Then this impudent little prick had blown up his shuttle instead of chasing it.  
To add insult to injury the punk had proven his beat up little strike cruiser 
was faster AND more maneuverable than Taifon's own ship when he'd failed to lose 
him in the systems asteroid belt.  "...and I was so close.  Pawn a few precious 
metals to the locals, get some of their primitive surgery done to alter my 
face...  home free damnit!"  

He howled in outrage as his ship shook even more violently and several red 
lights appeared on his console indicating engine damage.  Taifon grumbled to 
himself.  "There's simply no justice in the  world today..."

*********************************
	
	Sid cried out in victory as smoke and debris flew away from the rear of 
Taifon's ship.  "Finally.  I thought I'd destroy the damn thing getting him to 
slow down.  Just a few more hits like that one and..."  He looked up in alarm as 
an enormous gray shape slowly came into view as he turned to follow at Taifon's 
heels.  "A planet?  No, a moon...  OX-11, what is our current location?!"  The 
computer bleeped in acknowledgment and a new screen displayed itself on the 
monitor.  "Sol 3?  Shit!  We've already reached Earth!"  

He hurriedly seized the controls again and renewed his attack on the gunboat.  
"Damnit!  I did NOT chase that slippery little bastard all the way here just to 
spend the next year hunting him down on the surface!"

*********************************

	Taifon squealed in terror as he struggled to maintain control over his 
ship and moaned pitifully as he looked over his control panel again.  "Oh god, I 
didn't think there were this many red lights in the whole ship!  That little 
punk's trying to kill me!"  

He screamed another stream of obscenities as something smashed into the front of 
his ship, the shock throwing him out of his seat on top of the controls.  He 
looked up at the huge blue world filling his view screen in desperation.  
"Almost there, just maybe..."  Taifon scrambled to his feet and entered a few 
short commands into the computer then ran out of the control room, a half dozen 
alarms howling through the air.  

**********************************

	Sid cursed furiously as the gunboat smashed into one of the primitive 
satellites in Earths orbit and began to disintegrate.  "No, no, nooooo!"  

Then he saw something hurl out of the explosion and descend into the atmosphere.  
"An escape pod.  Your not getting away from me Taifon, not in this lifetime or 
the next!"  Sid angled his ship into the atmosphere, the two craft and the 
wreckage leaving a burning trail across the sky.  

A few moments later Sid frowned in concern as the escape pod ahead of him 
hurtled towards the ocean below.  "What's that idiot doing.  If he doesn't slow 
down he'll be killed by the impact."  He slowly eased out of the midst of the 
falling wreckage and cut his speed to get a safer view of the impending 
fireworks.

************************************

	In the stale smoke filled air of the escape pod Taifon coughed and pounded 
on the controls in frustration.  "Why does this have to happen to me?!" he 
screamed.  "Of all the things to break down!  Why'd it have to be the landing 
thrusters!"  Then he pulled a blaster from his pocket and proceeded to 
mercilessly pistol whip the control panel.  

"I'm gonna diiiiieeeee!" he shrieked as sparks flew up from the controls.  
Taifon suddenly found himself pressed back into the tiny seat by the force of 
the engines as the thrusters came online.  He reached out for the control stick 
and whimpered pitifully as it came off in his hands.  Taifon couldn't help but 
notice the broken stub where he'd cracked the stick in two with his blaster. 

His howls of grief went unheard by the people in the various cities below who 
looked up in curiosity at the odd roar as something flashed across the sky, 
followed by another roar and a larger object chasing it.

*************************************

	Sid leaned back in his seat, grumbling over the ignominy of being outrun 
by an escape pod.  Sure, his ship might be poorly suited to flight inside an 
atmosphere, but still...  Sid shook his head.  "How embarrassing.  At least 
there's no one here to see it."  

He looked out the window and admired the heavily wooded area he was passing 
over.  "Nice place." he whispered.  "Too bad..."  He quickly sat up as the 
computer chimed and checked his sensors again.  "Well Taifon, lets see it 
there's enough of you left to scrape off the ground.  The crash site should be 
coming into view righhhht about... now."

*************************************

---Meanwhile, in the Masaki household...---

	Ayeka was cleaning the last of the dishes from lunch when she heard an 
agony filled scream from the living room.  The bowl in her hands fell to the 
floor and shattered as she ran toward the sound.  She paused in the doorway, 
leaning on the frame as she stared at the scene before her.  

Sasami was sitting down on the couch with Ryo-Ohki in her lap trying to calm 
down a hysterical Mihoshi who was sobbing uncontrollably while Ryoko stood by 
the TV violently twisting the antenna into various positions.  Sasami held 
Mihoshi's hand worriedly.  "Please calm down Mihoshi, its only a TV show.  
They'll air the episode again someday..."  

Ryoko's impatience with the antenna grew and she twisted it even more but the 
static on the screen remained unchanged.  ::SNAP::  The antenna broke off in 
Ryoko's hand and she glared at it in annoyance.  

An odd twitch started in the corner of Ayeka's lip.  "WHAT is going on here!"  
Mihoshi looked up at the sound of her voice, saw the broken antenna in Ryoko's 
hand and started to bawl even louder.  

Sasami looked up helplessly.  "Oh Ayeka, we were watching TV but the show got 
cut off right in the middle..."  

Ryoko stared accusingly at the antenna.  "Damn.  Right at the good part."  

Ayeka's eyes crossed as she tried to make sense of Mihoshi's blubbering.  
"::sob::  Those bad people brainwashed Tuxedo Mask ::sniffle::  and Sailor Moon 
was trying to rescue him ::whine:: and now I'll never know what 
happeeeeennnnned!  ::howl::"  Ayeka stumbled and braced herself on the door, 
dizzy from trying to comprehend Mihoshi's uselessness.  

Suddenly her eyes widened in alarm at the strange whistling sound coming from 
outside.  Everyone jumped as it ended in a loud crash and the house shook 
slightly.  They all looked at one another for a moment before rushing outside in 
a babble of questions.

************************************

	The hatch of the escape pod opened, releasing a vile cloud of smoke.  
Moments later Taifon flopped out, gasping for breath in the crater.  He wobbled 
to his feet and quickly took in his surroundings while muttering several 
obscenities which involved various bodily functions done in physically 
impossible positions.  

He picked up a long orange root that lay at his feet and glared at it.  "A 
carrot?" he said.  He looked around again.  "A bloody field of carrots."  
Laughing bitterly, Taifon glanced at the sky suspiciously and started to remove 
various pieces of equipment from inside the pod.  

He was putting on a thick, deceptively armored trench coat that had been cut to 
fit his hunched form when he saw four young women come tumbling out of the house 
and approach him.  "The natives are restless!" he cackled.  He narrowed his 
eyes.  "I'd swear I've seen those two somewhere before..."  Taifon shook his 
head.  "I'm too old to be getting senile."  He frowned and crossed his eyes in 
thought.  "Wait a minute..."  He angrily spat on the ground.  "Aw, screw it!" he 
growled and hurried to retrieve the rest of his gear.

************************************

	The girls watched the old man dig through his belongings cautiously.  "I 
hope he's alright." said Sasami, holding Ryo-Ohki in her arms.  Ryoko ran a 
practiced eye over the scene.  "I hope that's ALL the firepower he brought with 
him."  Ayeka cast a worried glance at her and looked suspiciously at the 
stranger.  "We should find out why he's here." she said.  

They stared at him for a few more moments as he snapped together several pieces 
of something to make an arm lengthed tube.  He then attached a sight to it and 
hung it a shoulder.  The girls watched mesmerized as a good deal of the 
materials around him were snapped together in one way or another to vanish 
inside his coat with unnerving speed. Her hysteria forgotten, Mihoshi stepped 
froward to confront the man.

********************************

	Taifon looked up and snarled as he spotted the bounty hunters ship 
approaching over the treeline.  He was considering his options when the dark 
skinned blonde came over to bother him.  

"Excuse me sir."  she said brightly.  "Are you okay?  What happened to your 
ship?"  

"What do you care?!" he snapped at her.  

The woman quickly stood at attention and saluted smartly.  "Galaxy Police 
Detective First Class Mihoshi.  It's my duty to assist anyone in distress."  

Taifon gaped at her in shock for a brief second before swinging the tube under 
his arm and leveling it in her face.  He held it there trembling, his eyes wide 
in terror.  

"Um, excuse me..." she looked at him obliviously over the weapons barrel.  "You 
ARE in distress, right?"  

Taifon could hear the bounty hunter's ship now as it slowed to a stop just at 
the lake's shoreline.  They stood that way for another moment as Taifon 
considered whether to close his eyes in case what little brains the woman had 
splashed into his face when he fired. 

His eyes brightened suddenly as he came across another idea.  If this idiot was 
really a GP Officer then she must have a ship SOMEWHERE.  He lowered the weapon 
as Mihoshi smiled at him innocently and a burst of inspiration exploded in his 
mind.  

He looked at her oddly, wondering if anyone could possibly be so stupid and put 
on his best 'poor suffering old man' act as he fell to his knees.  Taifon 
wrapped his arms around her waist while looking up pitifully and the story 
spilled from his lips like liquid gold.  

"Oh, thank God your here Officer!  You've got to help me!  I was a witness for a 
big mafia case and the Syndicate put a price on me head!  The Galaxy Police 
promised to put me in a safehouse for testifying against them but the 
Syndicate's hired thugs cruelly ambushed our ship and we couldn't call for 
help!"  He clutched at her even tighter and sobbed horribly.  "We never had a 
chance!  ::sob::  Oh, poor Officer Murphy!  He gave his life trying to protect 
me!"  

Taifon most certainly did remember an Officer Murphy.  The man had given his 
life trying to STOP him, but that was beside the point.  He pointed at the 
bounty hunter's ship with tears streaming down his face.  "And now they've come 
to finish the job!  Please save me Officer!"  

Mihoshi returned his embrace and cried with him.  "::sob::  Oh you poor man!  
Poor Officer Murphy!"  

************************************

	The others listened to the story with a mixture of pity, disgust and 
amusement.  Sasami looked up at her sister with teary eyes.  "Ayeka, we have to 
help him!"  

"Sasami, something is very wrong here.  I want you to stay away from that man." 
she replied sternly.  Ayeka glared at Ryoko as she started laughing.  "I'm not 
surprised that you find all of this amusing Ryoko.  Just what was that THING he 
pointed at Mihoshi?"  

Ryoko's response was cut off by a cheerful high pitched voice behind them.  

"A Class 3 Viper Series Collapsible Mass Driver with Optional Multi-Optic Scope 
and Shoulder Strap, banned in 78 solar systems."  

The three of them jumped at the voice and spun around.  

"Washu!" they cried out in unison.  

Washu smiled up at them innocently.  "Yes?  Oh, I almost forgot."  She fiddled 
with a gadget at her waist and a soft echo of a scream filled the air.  An 
instant later the space beside her shimmered slightly and Kiyone fell out of 
thin air to land beside Washu.  

Kiyone grumbled as she got up.  "Washu, I wish you'd at least warn me when you 
do that."  

"I'm sorry." Washu replied sweetly.  

Kiyone noticed the odd stares they were getting from the others.  

"What?  We were in Washu's Lab and she said something had happened outside.  
Then..."  Kiyone shrugged and looked around the scene before them sighing.  
"What's happened this time?"

***********************************

	Meanwhile, Taifon was beginning to wonder whether he should have simply 
shot the woman and made a run for it.  He glanced nervously at the bounty 
hunter's ship and struggled to keep the growing impatience out of his voice. 

"Um, excuse me Officer Mihoshi but the bount... uh, assassin could attack at any 
moment."  

Mihoshi looked up from her sniffling and stood up suddenly.  "That's right!" she 
cried out as she faced the intruder's ship and reached for her blaster.  Alarm 
covered her face as she patted the side of her jeans.  "I forgot..." she said 
miserably.  "All of the weapons are on board the Yagami."  

Taifon desperately reached for the faint glimmer of hope.  "Is that your ship?!  
Yes!  We should go to your ship at once!"  Mihoshi paused in thought and he 
swore he could almost hear the nuerons firing in her brain.  

Her face brightened.  "I know!" she cried out.  "Kiyone will know what to do!"  
She looked around thoughtfully and ran towards the newly arrived green haired 
woman squealing with delight.  "Kiyoooneee!"

*************************************

	Sid buckled on the last of his body armor and looked nervously at his 
scanners.  Taifon was down there all right, but the site was crawling with 
civilians.  Not to mention that there were several unknown power sources coming 
from the women and two more had just teleported in.  

The less civilized part of his mind was considering the fact that Taifon had 
been down here less than five minutes and was already surrounded by beautiful 
women and not another man in sight.  He was beginning to like this place 
already.  

Sid's professional side cursed to itself.  Who the hell were these people?  
Taifon's partners?  He remembered enough about earth to know that some of these 
people were either in costume or were off-worlders.  He distractedly rubbed at 
the small red stone hanging around his neck and whispered.  

"Not yet.  Not unless I have to."  He shook the grim thought from his mind and 
went rummaging through his weapons locker.  

"Lets see." he mumbled.  "This one.  This one.  That one.  This?"  Sid laughed 
and tossed the bulky thing aside.  "Ha! I'd be lucky to retrieve a DNA sample 
using THAT."  

He tucked the rest of the weapons into his jacket and slipped a slender 
tranquillizer rifle with an overly large ammo clip under one arm.  Then Sid 
finally strapped on a pair of heavy custom made shades with the ultra-space link 
to OX-11's sensors and grinned as its H.U.D. (Heads Up Display to you 
uninitiated.  Think Sailor Mercury or Armitage III)  activated.  He struck a 
pose and grinned even wider as he admired himself through one of the ships 
internal cameras.  Black is always in style, but it just looks better on some 
people...

*************************************

	Taifon saw the hatch begin to open on the side of the hunter's ship and 
hurried after Mihoshi, putting the women between himself and the ship.  He froze 
as the green haired woman looked at him sharply and they sized each other up.  

By the way she carried herself and the quiet air of sober authority around her, 
Taifon could tell that she was Galaxy Police as clearly as if someone had 
stamped it on her forehead.  He wasn't taking any bets on pulling the wool over 
this one's eyes.  

Taifon willed himself to look like a slimy, sniveling informant begging for 
mercy (which admittedly wasn't very difficult) and was rewarded by the slightest 
curl of disgust on the woman's lip.  

He was spared from further scrutiny by the woman as she turned her attention to 
Mihoshi's babbling.  "...and they couldn't call for help!  They killed Officer 
Murphy, then he crashed here and..."  

Something in Taifon's soul gibbered in fear and shriveled up as he saw the 
flames of righteousness blaze in Kiyone's eyes at the mention of poor Officer 
Murphy's untimely demise.  His fear of Kiyone ALMOST faded as the bounty hunter 
leapt out of his ship near the shoreline and he got his very first look at his 
pursuer.

**************************************

	Sid calmly scanned his surroundings and identified Taifon's life signs 
behind the women.  He sized up the group and took comfort in the fact that only 
Taifon seemed to be armed.  Sid couldn't help wondering why the cute green 
haired woman was glaring at him as if he was wearing a necklace of baby fetuses 
and decided he wouldn't be turning his back on that one.  He really didn't like 
the way the short red head was looking at him and shivered slightly.  It was 
almost as if she was undressing him with her eyes.  No, more like mentally 
dissecting him.  

Sid was considering tranq'ing her now just to be on the safe side when he got a 
good look at the tall yellow eyed one.  He narrowed his eyes suspiciously.  That 
face looked VERY familiar but he just couldn't place it...  The others seemed 
harmless enough even though he was getting strange energy readings from several 
of them.  

Sid took a quick scan of their faces and ran it through OX-11's computer just to 
be sure but it would take a few minutes to get the results.  Until then...  
Well, no matter.  Sid was prepared for anything and had a bad feeling that was 
exactly what he was about to get.

He was going to demand that they turn Taifon over to him when the furious green 
haired woman unclipped something from her ear and held it over her head.  
"Yagami!" she cried out.  

He looked up in alarm as a Galaxy Police Cruiser decloaked above the house and 
descended towards them with a dull roar.  Sid ran the possibilities through his 
head and looked again at Taifon who was cowering behind her.  

Unbelievable!  The evil little shit was going to turn himself in to these clowns 
just to deny HIM the bounty!  Most of the others took a step back as Sid 
quivered with rage.  "Of all the..."  

In a lightening quick motion he swung the rifle forward and advanced.  "BACK 
OFF!  HE'S MINE!" he yelled.  "I've chased that little piece of dung across half 
the known galaxy!  I won't be denied now!"

**********************************

	Ayeka took Sasami's hand and led her away from the scene with Washu who 
was absorbed in her calculations.  Sasami looked back worriedly.  "But Ayeka, 
aren't we going to help them?"  

Ayeka shook her head.  "This is Galaxy Police business Sasami.  The best thing 
we can do is get out of the way and let them do their jobs.  Do you understand 
Sasami?" she asked calmly.  

Sasami silently nodded and Ayeka continued.  "Besides, they... uh, that is, 
Kiyone knows what she's doing."  

Ryoko appeared beside them and Ayeka gave her a cold look.  "Fancy seeing you 
here Ryoko.  I thought you'd be looking forward to getting in a fight."  Ayeka 
was surprised when Ryoko didn't rise to the bait.  

"The bounty hunter isn't my problem." she replied blandly.  

"What makes you so sure he's a bounty hunter?" asked Ayeka.  

Ryoko looked at her as if she were a particularly stupid animal.  "Because, your 
highness..." she said mockingly.  "...an assassin wouldn't threaten people with 
a tranquillizer gun.  He wants the old man alive."  

Ayeka looked at her alarmed.  "So he IS lying!"  She glanced back.  "Why didn't 
you tell Kiyone and Mihoshi?!"  

Ryoko grinned at her nastily.  "Why should I care is some bounty hunter gets 
himself wasted?"  

"Hey!" Washu cried out.  

The others turned to her.  "What's wrong Washu?" Sasami asked.  

Washu typed excitedly into her virtual keyboard.  "That guy's wearing a Pseudo-
Space Pocket Generator around his neck!"  

They looked at her in bewilderment and Ryoko leaned towards her.  "So?"  

Washu looked up in annoyance.  "Sooooo..."  She pointed accusingly at the 
hunter.  "It's mine!"

*************************************

	Kiyone and Mihoshi watched in surprise as the assassin ran towards the 
woods to their left.  Kiyone turned to the old man.  "What is he d...  Gyaaa!"  

She gawked at the empty space behind her.  "Where'd he go!"  She looked around 
in alarm and spotted the old man just as he vanished into the trees, the 
assassin a short distance behind him.  

Cursing, she pulled a small blaster from her hidden wrist holster.  Then she 
quickly entered another command through her earring and a ball of light 
descended from the Yagami revealing a suit of K-42 Valkyrie Class Galaxy Police 
Power Armor.  

Kiyone ran after the two men, yelling at Mihoshi over her shoulder.  "And don't 
crash it this time!"  

Mihoshi nodded and climbed into the back of the thing promising herself that 
she'd get it right.  Her skills as a pilot had genuinely improved since Kiyone 
had been forcing her to train in the simulator after the last two... incidents.  

The suit's engines roared to life as Mihoshi flew into the woods after Kiyone.

**********************************

	Sid was slowly gaining on the little rat.  If he hadn't seen it himself he 
wouldn't have believed those short, scrawny legs could move so fast.  He gasped 
as he saw the grenade come spinning through the air ahead of him.  

In one quick motion he snatched it out of the air and threw it behind him and 
the ground shook as it exploded.  Despite his near death Sid was grinning.  
Nothing like a nice run in the woods to get the blood flowing.  So the little 
bastard wanted to play hard ball.  

Sid chuckled to himself as he activated his stealth net and whispered.  "Two can 
play that game Taifon."

***********************************

	Kiyone was racing through the trees after the man when she saw the grenade 
come flying towards her.  She didn't waste any breath cursing and threw herself 
to the side, rolling behind a tree.  

The world spun around her as it exploded.  

Kiyone slowly realized she was lying on her back and could feel a trickle of 
blood slide down from her nose.  Thoughts raced through her mind as she lay 
there stunned.  

She was having serious doubts about the old man's story, but this...  Kiyone 
closed her eyes.  The man had tried to kill her.  It must be true.  He really 
was some kind of assassin here to get the old man and must have killed another 
Galaxy Police Officer who'd gotten in his way.  

Kiyone's eyes flew open and blazed again.  She struggled to her feet and leaned 
against one of the few trees still standing near her.  

"I have to stop him..." she gasped.  "...can't let Officer Murphy's death have 
been in vain."  
She looked up weakly as Mihoshi came roaring to a stop in front of her.  

"Kiyoneee!" she shrieked.  "What happened?!  Where are they?!"  

Kiyone pointed a wobbly arm towards the distant explosions and croaked a 
response.  The power armor stood up as high as its bulky form would allow.  

"Don't worry Kiyone!  I won't let him get away with this!" said Mihoshi as she 
flew off in pursuit.  

Kiyone pressed her back against the tree and searched for something in her 
pocket.  She pulled out a small, flat box and flipped it open.  Then she gently 
removed a fingernail sized patch which she pressed against her neck.  

Kiyone sighed as the drugs kicked in.  She generally disapproved of using 
stimulants.  Kiyone wiped the blood away from her lip and looked coldly at the 
distant battle.  But this was an emergency.

***********************************

	Taifon shrieked as another line of tranq. darts stitched themselves across 
the tree he was hiding behind.  He scurried to another tree as he saw a blur of 
motion.  The punk was using some kind of stealth field.  He'd kept him at bay 
for a while with grenades but he'd run out.  

Taifon yelped as he felt more tranq. darts slap into his trench coat and dashed 
further into the woods.  He mumbled a prayer of thanks to the merchant who'd 
talked him into buying the heavy, armored coat.  Taifon was so grateful that he 
almost wished he hadn't robbed the guy the next day.

*************************************

	The tranquilizer rifle clicked on empty and Sid muttered something foul.  
Its wasn't fun anymore.  By the time he'd realized that Taifon's coat was 
armored he'd already wasted most of the clip.  The slippery rat had managed to 
avoid being hit anywhere he was exposed and the only sleepers he had left were 
in the much shorter ranged pistol at his belt.  

Sid let out a weary sigh and set the tranq. rifle aside while removing his pulse 
blaster from its holster across his back.  He took a quick note of his location 
so he could come back and retrieve it later.  No need to carry dead weight.  If 
Taifon was going to make this more difficult than it needed to be then he'd just 
have to wound him first.  Sid paused suddenly and turned around.  

"That sounds like a...  HOLY SHIT!" 

He leapt aside as the suit of K-42 Power Armor went roaring past, nearly running 
him down.  He rolled behind a bush and froze, hoping his stealth net would hide 
him from the mecha's sensors as well.  

"God damn cops must want the credit for Taifon's arrest pretty f'ing bad to come 
after me with THAT." he grumbled to himself.  

The bulky suit stopped a few dozen feet away and turned around, its single 
electronic eye scanning the area.  Beads of sweat ran down Sid's face as it 
looked right at him and raised its weapon arm.  He reached for a concussion 
grenade and fell the  ground as golden beams of destruction tore through the 
trees behind him.  

Sid raised himself up and threw the thing but went spinning backwards as a beam 
smashed into the armor over his ribs.  Ignoring the grenades explosion he 
glanced down at sizzling hole in his body armor and cursed as his stealth net 
shorted out and started smoking.  He'd paid a small fortune for that thing, it 
better be repairable...  

He rose to his feet coughing in the smoke and saw that the mecha was only 
stunned as it too struggled to its feet.  Sid used the brief moment of peace to 
leap over one of the larger fallen trees in the pile behind him and readied a 
Hull Breaker explosive charge.  He tensed as he heard the mecha's engines roar 
to life behind him.  As he expected, it flew towards his cover and he raised 
himself to a crouch so he could leap on it and plant the charge.  

Instead, he watched in fascination as it failed to fly completely over the 
fallen trees. It's feet snagged on one of the larger trunks and its flight path 
carried it in a dramatic arc to crash face first into the ground beside him.  

Sid stood over it looking for the best place to slap on the charge when he 
noticed a thin stream of light coming from under the entry hatch in the back.  
He looked at the lid in curiosity and pulled on it.  Sure enough, the thing was 
unlocked and swung open with ease.  

He was surprised to see the blonde woman inside.  He'd been expecting to find 
the angry green haired one considering how intent it had been on getting him.  
She turned around inside the suit and glared at him.  

"You are under arrest and charged under Galaxy Police Federal Law, Article 
25468, page 937 of the revised edition!  You are entitled to keep silent about 
facts that may have an advertent impact on..."  

Sid narrowed his eyes and interrupted her by slapping on the now fully open 
hatch.  

"Do you realize that you didn't even close this thing?" he asked her solemnly.  

She looked up at him wretchedly and started crying.  "I... I forgot..."  

He looked at her in shock and quickly gave her a tissue from his pocket.  

"Aw, c'mon.  Don't cry...  Your too cute for that, tears don't suit you."  

She looked up at him sniffling.  "Really?" she asked quietly.  

"Absolutely!" Sid replied nodding cheerfully.  

She smiled shyly for a moment before sitting up in alarm and going limp as he 
shot her twice in the back with the tranq. pistol.  Sid gently eased her back 
into the suit and sighed.  "Nothing personal miss, but that bounty is MINE."  He 
looked down at her thoughtfully and shrugged.  

"A couple days sleep will do her some good anyhow."  He turned around and looked 
over the scene, groaning at the sight of scattered bits of his tranq. rifle 
laying around the area.  It must have been hit by her wild firing... he'd only 
had the damn thing for a few weeks... oh well.  Sid stood silently for a moment 
as he searched for Taifon's life signs through XM-11's sensors.  He grinned and 
raised his pulse blaster.

"That sneaky little..."  Sid ran into the woods on a path leading back to the 
lake.

***********************************

	Kiyone rested for a minute while her disorientation faded before hurrying 
after Mihoshi.  She ran faster as she heard the distant sounds of combat.  By 
the time she reached the small clearing the shattered trees had just stopped 
smoking.  

Blaster drawn, she slowly circled the wreckage.  Kiyone's shoulders slumped and 
she sighed miserably when she saw the K-42's feet sticking up from behind a pile 
of fallen trees.  She cautiously approached it, expecting the worst.  

"Mihoshi?" she hissed.  "Mihoshi?!"  

Kiyone carefully stepped around the mess and got a better look at the mecha.  
The breath caught in her throat as she saw the open entry hatch and Mihoshi's 
limp form inside.  Had the assassin killed Mihoshi as well?  

She ran over and pulled Mihoshi from the suit.  Kiyone quickly checked for a 
pulse and searched her for wounds.  She pulled the two darts from Mihoshi's back 
and looked at them thoughtfully.  "Tranq. darts?" she asked herself quietly.  
Other than these, Mihoshi was unharmed.  

How did the assassin get the entry hatch open and why was he using non-lethal 
weapons if he was sent here to kill the old man and had already killed at least 
one Officer trying?  She frowned as she gently lowered the unconscious Mihoshi 
to the ground.  

Speaking of the old man, he had never even told them his name.  Why did he run 
away when they were about to confront the assassin?  Kiyone shook her head as 
she climbed into the mecha.  "Mihoshi won't be needing THIS anymore."  

She ran a quick system diagnostic and smiled grimly.  "Only minor damage at 
worst... plenty of power and ammunition..."  Its engines roared to life and 
Kiyone scrambled off of the trees.  

Her eyes widened as she checked the scanners.  Both of them were heading back 
towards the crash site.  Kiyone growled in frustration and flew off in pursuit.  
The whole situation stank and she swore that she'd get to the bottom of it.

************************************

	A gruesomely creative string of obscenities filled the air as Taifon 
clutched at his bleeding arm.  He'd come so close.  He could actually see the 
two ships from here.  All he had to do was get aboard one of them and he could 
hack into the systems enough to get off this death trap of a world, sell the 
ship and go into hiding.  But nooooo, that would be asking too much of the 
Universe.  He'd been ecstatic when someone; one of those GP Officers most 
likely, had taken that hunter off his back.  That was when he'd decided to 
double back to the ships now that he had the time to carry out his plan.  It 
just hadn't worked out that way.  

Not only did the hunter finish his opponent with alarming speed, he was also 
tracking him somehow and had swiftly caught up with him.  Now Taifon had sunk to 
exchanging not-so-small-arms-fire with the hunter and had gotten himself shot.  
Taifon shook his head and dismissed it all as another injustice of a Galaxy out 
to get him.  The few hundred feet of open ground that lay between him and the 
ships may as well be a few hundred miles for all the chance he had of crossing 
it without being shot in the back.  

He leaned around the tree he was using for cover and fired his mass driver 
towards the hunter's general vicinity.  The hyper-velocity shell shrieked 
through the air and tore through a dozen trees before ploughing into the ground 
and detonating, leaving a smoking ten foot crater in the woods.  

He was rewarded by another volley of pulse fire and some loud, upset sounding 
comments about his questionable family lineage and eventual destination in the 
afterlife.  

Taifon huddled behind his splintering cover and glanced across the field to 
where the huddled group of young women seemed to be watching the show.  The 
short blue haired one who seemed to be holding an unfortunate genetic tragedy 
waved at him innocently.  

Taifon silently considered shooting them just to relieve some of his tension.

************************************

	Sid cursed the man furiously and peppered the tree he was cowering behind 
with pulse fire.  What was that lunatic shooting at him?!  He'd never seen a 
target carry so much hardware.  

Sid distractedly wondered if the little bastard could run faster now that he'd 
thrown away so much of his already meager weight in the form of various 
explosives.  Sid moved to another tree in case Taifon fired again and readied a 
gas grenade.  If Taifon was going to sit back there all day then he may as well 
take advantage of it.

************************************

	Sasami tugged on her sisters sleeve and pointed at the old man shooting 
back at someone in the woods.  "Ayeka!  He's hurt!"  

Ayeka kept a restraining hand on Sasami's shoulder and looked around worriedly.  
"If the..." She glanced at Ryoko.  "...other man is attacking him here, where 
are Kiyone and Mihoshi?"  

Sasami looked up in alarm.  "Do you think they're okay Ayeka?"  

"I do not know." she replied quietly.  

Washu was completely absorbed in collecting data from the battle, making small 
interested sounds while Ryoko brooded in silence.  

That the man was a bounty hunter was bad enough.  That he might be trying to 
kill the old man was even worse.  Now he seemed to have done something to Kiyone 
and Mihoshi...  

Vicious Space Pirate or not, Ryoko had gotten used to the two GP Detectives and 
even felt sorry for them sometimes.  In some distant corner of her mind she 
might even have liked them a little and now this...  ::Ryoko sneered in hatred:: 
...bounty hunter had come all the way to Earth and...  Her hands balled into 
fists.  

Washu looked up from her display in surprise.  "Hmm."  She silently turned her 
data collecting attentions to Ryoko.  

Ayeka turned to them.  "What..."  she began to ask as Ryoko flew past her 
towards the old man, snarling.

************************************

	Sid slapped a filter mask over his face and threw the gas grenade towards 
Taifon.  He adjusted the mask and watched Taifon's tree intently.  Any second 
now it would explode in a cloud of sleep gas.  He tapped a finger impatiently.  
Any second now...  

He heard a nasty laugh above him and looked up in alarm.  The yellow eyed woman 
was floating above him, holding his grenade while a tiny trickle of gas leaked 
from its now melted fuse.  She looked down at him evilly.  

"Hey!  Bounty Hunter!  You dropped this!" she barked at him before throwing it 
back.  

It bounced painfully off his head... and exploded in a cloud of sleep gas.  

Using the cloud as cover he put his back to another tree and looked around 
warily.  

"Okay, one heavily armed madman and a flying yellow eyed witch with a good 
throwing arm.  It could be worse..." he muttered.  

He saw the woman come drifting through the trees and fired a burst of pulse fire 
at her.  She growled as the crimson beams seemed to impact on an invisible 
barrier around her, some of them sliding away completely.  

He frowned grimly and fired off a few more bursts to similar effect while 
glowing red balls of energy formed in her hands.  She threw them at him and he 
leapt out of the way.  The force of their explosion sent him spinning through 
the air to land in a crumpled heap nearby.  Ryoko approached him, gloating while 
energy flickered between her hands.  

Sid's arm lashed out suddenly and a handful of tiny silver spheres spilled from 
his grasp.  He covered his face and turned away as a brilliant light flooded the 
area.  Sid smiled as the woman cried out and fell backwards, stunned by the 
flash bombs.  He quickly ran over and kicked her in the head as she tried to get 
up.  He then planted a foot in her back and grumbled at his various bruises.  
Energy shields he'd seen before, but this weird internal weaponry...  He shook 
the distraction from his mind.  

"If a weapon is fired inside the barriers field of effect..." he whispered, 
raising the pulse-blaster to her head.  

He was about to test that theory when he heard an oddly familiar sound behind 
him and glanced over his shoulder.  

"That almost sounds like a...  HOLY SH..."  

Sid didn't get to finish the statement as the K-42 slammed into him shoulder 
first.  Time seemed to slow down as Sid went flying through the air, his weapon 
gone who knows where.  He reviewed what just happened in his head.  He was 
pretty sure that was the same mecha he'd disabled earlier and cursed himself for 
not destroying it when he had the chance.

How did that girl recover so quickly?  While he was getting kicked around by 
these clowns Taifon was undoubtedly making good on his escape.  Sid didn't even 
want to think of how he'd track down Taifon once he slipped into one of the 
major cities.  

He paused in his thoughts and took note of the delightful grinding feeling in 
his chest.  If the mecha had failed to break his ribs when it shot him earlier 
then it had most certainly succeeded this time.  Things looked bad, and were 
probably going to get worse.  

As he tumbled across the ground he realized he was clutching at the small red 
stone around his neck.  The infernal device had almost killed him the last time 
he'd used it.  He'd promised himself he would get rid of the thing once but kept 
in anyway, in case of emergencies.  If this wasn't an emergency, he couldn't 
think of what was.  A conveniently placed tree abruptly stopped his momentum 
while he held the stone tightly and whispered the command word.  "...extreme."

*********************************

	Ayeka and Sasami watched Ryoko fly into the woods while Washu silently 
continued her scans.  The old man gawked at her as she flew by and after the 
first explosion he ran toward the ships cackling.  

The battle continued and only Washu ignored him as he ran by them laughing 
madly.  He waved to them with his good arm.  "Hello ladies!  Good-bye!"  Ayeka 
and Sasami exchanged worried glances as the old man continued to cackle and ran 
towards the strangers ship excitedly.

**********************************

	Taifon finally stood before the entry hatch to the hunters ship and pulled 
the Gate Master code breaking module from his coat.  He quickly looked the ship 
over.  It might not be as fancy as the Galaxy Police Cruiser but it would 
attract a lot less attention.  

Taifon attached the module to the control panel and activated it.  Moments later 
he grinned as the little green light on the door indicated it was unlocked.  He 
was just about to reach for the handle when he saw the flashing panel next to it 
that said "Push Here To Open".  

Taifon was considering how odd it was to have a pull handle and a push panel on 
the same door when he pushed on the flashing message... and the ships power 
system sent several thousand volts coursing through his body.  When it finally 
stopped, Taifon's arm fell limply to his side and wisps of smoke rose from his 
puffy singed hair and the now melted Gate Master module which had fallen to the 
ground.  Mentally cursing all bounty hunters he made a soft mewling sound and 
fell over.

************************************

	Ayeka and Sasami watched anxiously as the old man fell over smoking.  
((Smoking is bad for you!  Sailor Moon says!  ^_^ ))  They were about to go over 
and see if he was alright when Washu yelled in excitement.  

"An energy spike!"  She typed feverishly into her keyboard and a second flash of 
light burst from the woods.  "He's opened the Pseudo-Space pocket!" she said 
joyously.  
Washu frowned at the screen and the crash of metal on metal came from the woods.  
"There's too much interference to identify it." she muttered in annoyance.  

Ayeka frowned at her.  "Washu, what in the world are you ta..."  

They all turned suddenly as the K-42 GP suit went flying through a tree in a 
shower of splinters and tumbled across the ground into the open.  

A larger, fearsome looking black and gray mecha with a blazing red visor came 
thundering out of the woods after it.  Washu clasped her hands before her and 
watched it with watery eyes. 

"My invention..." she squeeled pridefully.

************************************

	Kiyone screamed as she went tumbling across the ground.  What the hell was 
that thing!  One minute she was subduing the assassin before he killed Ryoko; 
the next, this nightmare had come out of nowhere and started wailing on her.  

She activated the suits boosters and jumped back just as the dark monstrosity 
leapt forward, a black armored fist shattering the ground where she'd been a 
moment before.  

A multi barreled weapon unfolded over its shoulder and tracked her along with it 
crimson gaze.  It rose suddenly and RAN after her, the shoulder cannon spraying 
a seemingly endless stream of unnervingly accurate red-beamed destruction.  

Kiyone returned fire with the K-42's Hellfire Cannon and had the sinking feeling 
she was spitting into the wind as her own suit shook under one impact after 
another.  She struggled to keep out of its reach and cursed at the unfairness of 
this obviously heavier and better armed mecha RUNNING faster than she could FLY.  

Kiyone smiled grimly as a few more warning lights came on in her H.U.D. under 
the monstrosity's barrage.  She really wasn't getting anywhere like this and the 
damnable thing barely seemed to notice her attacks.  She growled to herself.  

"Well, if he's in such a hurry to get up close and personal..."

**********************************

	Sid chased the K-42 while raining a constant stream of punishment on its 
dented, scorched and smoking hide.  The infernal thing kept flying backwards, 
pecking at him futilely with its outclassed weapon.  

He snarled in annoyance.  What did it take to put that thing down?!  He'd 
punched it once, kicked it through a tree and lost count of the number of times 
he's shot it with the beam cannon.  I looked like she was going to make him 
catch her and pound that tough little suit into scrap.  

Sid winced at the sharp ringing in his ears.  He shook his head and mumbled.  

"...damn headaches are starting already.  Have to finish this quickly and nab 
Taifon before he gets too far."  

Once he got his hands on that K-42 he was going to...

******************************

	...go flying backwards, spinning head over heels as Kiyone quickly 
reversed her course and planted one mechanized foot in her pursuers face, the 
red light within the visor flickering under the impact.  The dark mecha fell 
prone and she swiftly turned around.  Before it could recover she landed beside 
the thing and savagely kicked it in the side, flipping it onto its back.  

"That was for Murphy!" she screamed.  

Kiyone stomped on its chest with a satisfying metallic crunch as it caved in 
slightly, emitting puffs of smoke and sparks.  

"That was for Mihoshi!"  

"And THIS..." she cried out, planting a knee in its chest and seizing its head 
with both hands.  "...is for ME!"  

Kiyone pulled on it with all the strength her battered suit would give her and 
felt the seals around its 'neck' start to give way under the pressure.

***********************************

	Tenchi ran breathlessly up the stairs leading to the house groaning with 
worry.  Why couldn't he have normal days like everyone else.  First they closed 
school early and sent everyone home to investigate a piece of some satellite 
that had crashed into the school yard and now this...  

He ran faster as another series of explosions and crashes sounded above.  Those 
girls had been nothing but trouble ever since they'd shown up and now it sounded 
like they'd started a small war up there.  

He finally reached the top and gawked at the scene before him.  Two spaceships 
hovered near the house which was thankfully undamaged.  He recognized the 
Yagami, but the beat up looking brown/gray one...  

Two mecha were fighting in the yard.  The smaller one looked just like the one 
Mihoshi had used when she first got here.  He winced as it dealt a viscous kick 
to the larger ones head.  Tall dark monstrosity or not, the Galaxy Police suit 
was holding its own; which Tenchi felt was probably a good thing.  

Ayeka, Sasami and Washu were watching the fight a safe distance away.  He looked 
more closely at them as Washu jumped up and down angrily.  If he didn't know any 
better, he'd say Washu was cheering for the big one.  Tenchi shook his head and 
decided to worry about that later.  That must be Kiyone or Mihoshi fighting over 
there.  He winced again as the GP suit kicked its down opponent.  "Probably not 
Mihoshi..." he mumbled.  

Ryoko was nowhere to be seen strangely enough.  He looked over the woods taking 
note of the various columns of smoke that were rising from the woods and hoped 
the fire department didn't come to investigate.  

A small pile of smoking clothes next to the strangers ship shifted slightly and 
Tenchi's eyes widened as he realized it was a man.  He ran over and helped him 
sit up.  "Oh my gosh!  Are you okay mister?"  

The old man's eyes rolled back in his head and he mumbled something about an 
extra circle of Hell being reserved just for bounty hunters before passing out 
again.  

Not knowing what else to do he slung the old man over his shoulder and grunted 
under the weight.  "Geez, what's this skinny old guy wearing?!"  Grumbling under 
his burden he carried the old man to the others.  "Uh, Ayeka..."  

She turned to him surprised.  "Tenchi!  I'm so glad your here!"  

"Hi Tenchi!" Sasami chimed in.  The cabbit in her arms meowed at him.

Washu ignored him and continued yelling at the combatants.  "You moron!  How can 
you let that inferior design kick you around!"  She howled in fury as the GP 
suit started tugging on its head.  "Get off your butt and fight back you 
miserable excuse for a pilot!  How can you let her trash my invention!"  Washu 
tugged on her hair in frustration.  

The others looked at her in stunned silence and Tenchi shook his head, lowering 
the old man to the ground.  "Ayeka, what the heck is going on!"  

"Well..." she began when Washu suddenly cheered in delight.

***********************************

	Sid coughed up a few flecks of blood as his suits chest buckled under the 
stomp and pressed into his already broken ribs.  The suits power systems 
threatened to fail as the K-42 tried to rip off his suits head.  

Unconsciousness threatened to engulf him as he groaned from the waves of nausea 
caused by more than just his injuries.  If his own suit didn't kill him the evil 
bitch leaning over him certainly would.  Sid had seen K-42's in action (though 
he'd never been on the receiving end before) but had never witnessed one used so 
well.  They were generally considered too bulky or clumsy for close combat.  
Just his luck to find the one pilot who thought differently.  

Sid finally regained his senses from that surprise kick to the head and angled 
his shoulder cannon at the K-42's 'face'.  The other pilot reached out to grab 
the barrel too late and went reeling back as its front was reduced to melted 
slag by the rapid zero-range barrage.  

He quickly got up and followed through with a viscous two-handed downward smash 
that drove the blinded mecha to its knees.  Feeling little reason to be merciful 
he grabbed its shoulders and savagely drove his knee into its already ruined 
'face', once, twice.  On the third blow the poor thing slipped from his grasp 
and toppled to its back.  

He stood over it heaving for breath inside his suit and pinned down one of its 
arms with his foot.  Reaching down he took a firm hold on either side of its 
chassis.  With one torturous heave he ripped the entire front half of its chest 
away and threw it aside.  He turned back to what was left of the K-42 and stared 
down furiously at...  the green haired woman?

**********************************

	Kiyone screamed as the front of her suit was torn away and was blinded by 
the sudden glare of sunlight on her now exposed face.  Braced as it was under 
his foot, her arm felt as it  had been ripped from her shoulder.  She glanced at 
it blearily and took some small comfort in seeing that it was still there.  One 
of her eyes refused to open as blood slowly seeped into it from a gash on her 
forehead.  

She struggled to lift her head and glared up in hatred at the assassin.  He was 
just standing there, staring at her.  Even as the fluctuating vibrations of the 
K-42's generator signaled its imminent power failure Kiyone realized that she 
would never get a better opportunity than this.  The assassin must have been 
very distracted indeed because he didn't notice that she'd raised her Hellfire 
Cannon until it bumped into his chest and blazed to life in full automatic.  

The dark mecha stumbled back, shielding its 'face' with its arms.  Its 
black/gray armor was beginning to split and crumble just as the K-42's weapon; 
unsuited to such long bursts of rapid fire, overheated.  

The now glowing barrel melted and fused itself to the suits arm as the K-42 
shuddered and fell to rest, its generator letting out a wheezing hiss of 
released pressure as it finally submitted to a complete system shutdown.  Kiyone 
sighed and felt a strange sense of peace come over her as the generator died.  
She'd carried out her sworn duty to the best of her ability and had no regrets.  
Long ago, she'd come to understand that even if she did her best, there would be 
times when her best just wasn't good enough.  Kiyone stared back at her enemy in 
defiant pride as it lowered its arms and angled its shoulder mount at her 
unprotected torso.

************************************

	Sid gasped for breath in his suit and took aim on the woman, his 
tormentor.  "::gasp::... that... ::gasp::... bitch..."  

His scans revealed that the K-42 had finally 'died' and its pilot was trapped in 
its ravaged shell.  He looked the woman over and pondered whether to kill her or 
not.  A few moments ago he wouldn't have wasted any time hesitating, but now...  

Protecting Taifon or not, she'd fought with incredible skill and determination 
and was now helpless and paralyzed.  He watched as a series of emotions played 
across her face before it settled into grim defiance.  Sid shook his head.  He 
couldn't bring himself to kill her.  Not in cold blood, not like this.  

The professional in him kicked the inside of his head in protest.  The fact that 
she was a beautiful young woman; and from his tilted perspective, clearly well 
endowed, had nothing to do with his decision.  Really.  Sid trembled as another 
mysterious wave of dizziness swept over him.  No more time to admire the 
scenery, he had a bounty to catch.  He was just about to turn away when...

***********************************

	...his shoulder cannon was blown clean off by Ryoko's energy blast.  

How dare he kick her in the head and leave her there as if she was some kind of 
mild inconvenience!  Ryoko's head was still ringing from that kick and she'd 
recovered just in time to see him take the worst Kiyone could dish out.  She had 
no idea where he'd gotten that fancy suit of Power Armor but tin suit or not, 
she was going to teach him to regret not finishing what he starts.  

She snarled in frustration as the bounty hunter easily dodged her next two 
blasts.  Something that big had no right moving so fast.  Hovering several feet 
in the air, she circled the mecha and readied another pair of shots.  Ryoko 
smiled slightly as she took aim.  If he was going to scurry around like that 
then she'd just have to lead him a little.

***********************************

	Sid cursed and ran a quick system check as the woman paused for a second 
shot.  He'd lost the beam cannon and a little over a third of his structural 
integrity.  Much more of this and the suit would literally start to fall apart.  
The witch looked pretty confident but he was hardly out of tricks.  

Sid chuckled as he activated the secondary weapons array.  He'd almost taken her 
down himself.  With this mecha at his disposal she didn't have a prayer.  His 
thoughts snapped back to reality as she threw her first shot his way.  He leapt 
aside and his eyes widened as he saw the second one already spinning towards 
him.  

"Good throwing arm..." he reminded himself as the explosive orb smashed into his 
chest.  Stumbling back he could see her preparing another shot.  

He made a sweeping gesture towards her with one arm and an enormous net launched 
itself from the mecha's wrist.  Without even trying to get out of the way she 
sneered at the net in contempt and teleported through it.  

Undeterred by the setback he activated a pair of short barreled guns which 
unfolded from the suits forearms.  Sid opened fire with the inaccurate but still 
respectable scatter lasers while the woman continued to circle him, throwing her 
thrice damned energy bombs.  The devil woman dodged the worst of his attack 
while her shield shrugged away the few shots that found their mark.  She played 
keep away and continued to wear him down in this one sided shooting match.  Sid 
knew it was pointless to chase her around.  He had to think of something 
quickly...

**********************************

	The others watched the battle anxiously as Kiyone struggled to free 
herself from the K-42's wreckage.  Tenchi turned angrily to Washu.  

"Washu! Why are you cheering for that thing!  It just tried to kill Kiyone!"  

She raised a finger in correction.  "No.  The PILOT just tried to kill Kiyone.  
I simply happen to have a vested interest in seeing that the E.X.T.R.E.M.E. suit 
survives this conflict intact."  

The others stared at her in annoyed puzzlement.  

"Washu!  WHAT are you talking about!" They chorused in unison.  She got that 
'I'm so glad you asked' gleam in her eye and pointed at the mecha.  

"That is..  ::she paused dramatically::  ...The EXo Tritanium Rapid Entropy 
Mobile Enforcer!  It is simply the greatest suit of Powered Armor in the entire 
galaxy!"  She swept her arms wide as if making a presentation and gestured at 
the ravaged K-42, her voice oozing excitement.  "As you can see, even though it 
is an unfinished prototype AND over 700 years out of date AND being piloted by a 
mental midget...  ::her voice took on a gloating tone::  ...it is STILL superior 
to even the MODERN K-Series Galaxy Police Powered Armor!"  She laughed 
maniacally.  

"Of course, what do you expect from an invention made by the greatest scientific 
genius that ever lived!" she yelled as her voice rose even higher.  Two white 
fans with little red rising suns on them appeared in her hands and she struck a 
pose, half bowed.  The two Mini-Washu puppets appeared over her shoulders.  

"Washu, your a genius!" cheered one.  "Washu, your the greatest in the 
universe!" cheered the other.  "Gooo Washuuuuu!" they shrieked together, waving 
their stubby little arms madly.  

Then, as suddenly as they had come, the fans and puppets vanished and Washu 
looked up at them with an 'oh, so pleased with myself' expression.  

"Now do you understand?" she asked them in complete innocence.  

Tenchi and Ayeka fell over in various stages of twitching and sweatdrops.  
Sasami, who'd been worried about Ryoko and wasn't paying attention tugged on 
Ayeka's sleeve and pointed at the battle.  

"Ayeka, what's he doing?"  

They all looked over in time to see the mecha fire a row of grenades from one of 
its hands into the ground between itself and Ryoko, clearly too far away to harm 
either of them.  They exploded, kicking up an enormous cloud of smoke and dirt 
between the combatants.  

In the few brief seconds the mecha and Ryoko couldn't see one another a furious 
light grew behind the mecha and vanished with a loud 'BOOM' as it went flying 
through the air towards the cloud.  Even though Ryoko had been cautiously 
drifting backwards the others could see the look of complete surprise on her 
face as the mecha came flying at her through the cloud without the tell-tale 
crash of its footsteps.  

Time (conveniently) slowed down as the mecha took the few milliseconds needed to 
cross the space between them.  Because of Ryoko's drifting its aim was slightly 
off and what would have been a full tackle would pass by just to her right.  
Unable to correct its crude, unguided flight the suit lashed out with its right 
arm in what would have been a murderous clothes-line if Ryoko hadn't pivoted 
backwards in the air, the black armored arm passing over her body and BARELY 
over her nose like whistling death.  Her lucky split-second maneuver would have 
been enough to avoid the attack had inertia not forced them to keep going.   
Ryoko continued pivoting till she was almost upside down.  The mecha, having 
swung with its right arm and missed spun around like a top.  Its left arm 
whipped out and struck Ryoko across her back who went flying from the blow to 
fall to the ground a dozen feet away.  The mecha, agile as it might be, was not 
meant for such acrobatics.  Upon landing it continued to spin and tumbled 
clumsily to the dirt.  After ploughing into the ground for a short distance it 
struggled dizzily to its feet.  Ryoko groaned something but remained still. 

Tenchi watched the mecha rise and turned to the others.  "Ayeka!"  

Ayeka silently watched Ryoko's prone form, her face a mask of confusion.  She 
couldn't understand why she wasn't happy with what seemed to be Ryoko's imminent 
doom.  Ryoko would finally be out of her way, but...  

When Ayeka didn't respond Tenchi grabbed her by the shoulders and anxiously 
shook her.  "Ayeka!"  She snapped out of it and looked at him in surprise.  

"Ayeka!  That thing is going to kill Ryoko and Kiyone!  We have to help them!  
Can't you do something!" yelled Tenchi.  

She brightened suddenly.  That's it.  She'd be helping Kiyone.  It was just a 
coincidence that Ryoko would also be saved by her intervening.  With an air of 
perfect royal indignation she sighed.  

"Those Galaxy Police are getting so incompetent these days.  If you want 
something done right...  Azaka!  Kamidake!" she cried out.  The two wooden (?) 
guardians appeared beside her hovering just above the ground.  She gestured 
imperiously at the mecha which now stood over the fallen Ryoko.

"Seize that man!" she commanded.  "Yes Princess!" they replied together.

**********************************

	Sid struggled to maintain his concentration as several more waves of 
dizziness swept over him.  Taking deep breaths he slowly walked towards the 
yellow eyed woman.  

This was the third young woman who'd tried to kill him today.  Why were they all 
so bloody determined to protect Taifon?  And those two GP Officers, what was 
their stake in all this?  Could it really be some ridiculous misunderstanding?  
He shook his head, remembering when he'd first been attacked by the yellow eyed 
witch.  She'd called him "bounty hunter".  No mistake about it, they were on 
Taifon's payroll.  They'd attacked him first and did everything in their power 
to waste him.  No questions, no demands...  He shook his head sadly.  They must 
have been acting on Taifon's orders.  The old bastard would lead him into the 
woods and those two would take him from behind.  It almost worked too...  This 
yellow eyed one must have been waiting as backup.  

He glanced at the green haired woman who struggled mightily to free herself from 
the ruined K-42 some distance away.  An enormous bruise had begun to form on the 
side of her face and one eye had swollen shut.  He almost  felt guilty about 
getting carried away with the knee when he reminded himself why they'd been 
fighting.  His opinion of her dropped several notches and he sighed.  They 
weren't the first crooked cops he'd seen but the tiny idealist still in him 
wished that the woman had fought so courageously for something more than money.  
He paused a few steps away from the comatose witch and magnified the green 
haired woman's image.  

"Shit, she LOOKS worse than I FEEL.  You'd think she'd give the struggling a 
break by now.  Damn tough as nails cops these days..."  He entertained his odd 
fascination with the woman and scanned her, raising an eyebrow at her overactive 
life signs.  "Stim's eh?  Well, that explains a lot."  

He winced as another headache settled in beside the one still rolling around in 
his head while his broken ribs made the most unamusing sounds.  Considering his 
own injuries and swiftly mounting weariness he felt that might not be too bad an 
idea.  If Taifon continued to be as resourceful as he'd been lately than Sid 
would probably HAVE to take a few himself up just to keep from passing out along 
the way.  Sid remembered the last time he'd passed out in the suit, the 
experience had almost killed him.  

He shook his head painfully.  He'd worry about that when he came to it.  Sid 
glared down at the witch and activated the suits miniature tranq. gun which 
sprouted from one of its fingers.  As much as he might like to kill the woman, 
this was business and Sid didn't kill unless it was a legal contract... or 
personal.  He took aim on her back.  "Nothing personal..."

He was just about to shoot her when he looked sharply at his sensors.  One of 
those unknown energy sources around the women had jumped incredibly fast.  His 
suits proximity alarm suddenly howled in warning.  The scanners showed that two 
bogies had teleported near him.  "On either side of me..."

Before he could react Sid found himself trapped inside a shimmering energy 
sphere being slowly lifted off the ground between what looked like a pair of 
giant wooden blocks.  

On instinct he smashed a fist into it to no effect.  Feeling explosives would 
not be a wise idea he locked his hands together and fired both arm mounted 
scatter lasers at once.  The barrier's power level fluctuated slightly as it 
seemed to absorb the crimson rain of destruction without any difficulty.  He 
ceased fire and looked around worriedly as the two... machines most likely, 
stopped some five feet in the air and began to drift towards the pack of women.  
Cut off from OX-11's sensors and with the suits own internal systems unable to 
penetrate the barrier Sid stumbled around in the sphere to see what he could.  

A boy wearing what appeared to be a uniform of some kind had joined the group 
during the fight.  Sid scowled at the arrogant looking purple haired woman who 
seemed to be laughing her fool head off.  He adjusted his suits audio settings 
and winced at the hideous sound of her obnoxious laughter.  Well, sound could 
pass through the bubble, that was something at least.  He felt a twinge of 
regret at not being equipped with any sonic weapons.  How could he have known?  
Besides, those were nasty things usually reserved for crowd control and 
massacres; not exactly a big part of a bounty hunters job.  He shook the 
distraction from his mind and studied the force field as best he could.  

It must require a hideous amount of energy to maintain a barrier this strong, 
and mobile at that.  Those two machines may be bulky but they're nowhere near 
big enough to carry generators that powerful.  Sid paused in thought.  The field 
had absorbed the scatter lasers, not deflected them.  If he could channel the 
barrier to somehow feed on itself...  A quick system diagnostic answered his 
questions.  It was technically possible but the attempt would require his suit 
to generate an enormous power surge, something not possible in its current 
drained and damaged state.  

Sid let out a weary sigh as he entered the necessary adjustments to the suits 
operating systems and braced himself.  He sucked in a sharp breath through his 
clenched teeth as the suit began to increase its power output and store the 
energy for his plan.  The dizziness and headaches transformed into much less 
complicated pain.  He felt his nose start to bleed as his vision went black.  
Like swimming against a warm, impossibly strong current he fought the all too 
welcome embrace of unconsciousness.  It would be so easy to give up... it's only 
money... it's not worth it...  

Sid drifted down the river in darkness.  The water was warm against his skin.  
The suit... where was it?  What happened?  He sighed.  Who cares.  Sid could 
hear a waterfall now.  He could also hear a voice from what felt like a lifetime 
ago.  A woman?  "If you can't handle the assignment I'm sure we can find someone 
more... capable."  A sneer.  He was blind, how did he know she was sneering?  
His eyes opened to see nothing at all.  "Who are you?" he croaked.  

The crash of the falls was getting louder, much louder.  Another voice.  
Sweeter.  Mysterious.  It laughed at him deliciously.  "You'd better hurry."  
"What's that supposed to mean?!" Sid yelled.  He tried to sit up and thrashed in 
the water before slipping below the surface.  He felt her smile in the darkness 
and gasped for breath under the water.  "Thank you for choosing The Airlock, 
please come again." she said sweetly.  The water was salty and thick... like 
blood...

**********************************

	The party watched anxiously as the mecha tried to free itself from the 
bubble.  After several failed attempts it stood thoughtfully and looked back at 
them as it was carried closer by the guardians.  The mecha suddenly lowered 
itself to a kneeling crouch and went deathly still.  Tenchi looked at the others 
as Ayeka finally stopped laughing.  

"We're wasting time.  C'mon, we have to help Ryoko and Kiyone."  

They could see Ryoko pushing herself to her knees a short distance away while 
Kiyone STILL tried to pry herself out of the mangled K-42.  

"I will check on Ryoko." Ayeka said slyly.  The approaching guardians and their 
captive changed course to follow her as she left.  Tenchi glanced down at the 
old man he'd found as he groaned and rolled over.  

"Uh, Sasami.  Could you keep an eye on him please?"  She nodded solemnly and 
made a small surprised sound as Ryo-Ohki jumped out of her arms.  The cabbit ran 
towards Ryoko meowing worriedly.  Then Tenchi turned to Washu who was poring 
over some device she'd pulled from who knows where.  

"Hey Washu, I'll probably need your help with Kiyone."  She looked up in mild 
interest.  At least she'd be able to study the Ex. suits handiwork.  "Okay." she 
replied and followed him to the K-42's remains.  

Kiyone looked up at them through her one good eye gratefully while Tenchi pulled 
futilely at the twisted slab of plasteel trapping one of her arms.  "How do we 
get you out of this thing Kiyone?"  She gave him an annoyed 'If I knew I'd have 
done it by now' look.  

Washu examined the suit in satisfaction.  Her invention seemed to have held up 
very well since she'd last seen it over 700 years ago but something was still 
nagging at her mind.  The Ex. suit had been a prototype and an unfinished one at 
that.  She'd put the project on the back burner for a good reason.  Considering 
the amount of power the fool had expended in his bumbling around she was 
surprised he hadn't died already.  She glanced back at the silent and unmoving 
suit.  Maybe the pilot HAD finally keeled over?  Washu shrugged and called up 
her virtual keyboard again and entered a few short commands.  Moments later a 
small pen-like device appeared and fell into her hand.  She activated it and 
grinned as an intensely glowing laser blade extended from it.  

Kiyone's eye widened as Washu leaned over her holding the laser cutter.  Washu 
smiled down at her innocently.  

"Now hold reeeeeaaal still for me, 'kay?"  Kiyone nodded at her silently, not 
taking her eye off the thing.

*****************************

	Sasami watched Washu slice up the K-42 with surgical precision while 
Tenchi pulled off the pieces.  Meanwhile, Ayeka was coming back with Ryoko 
grudgingly leaning on her for support, Ryo-Ohki at her heels, followed by the 
guardians and their prisoner.  

Soon Tenchi was also returning with Kiyone leaning on him heavily and limping.  
Washu followed her closely, ready to catch the battered Detective.  A few 
moments later they'd all gathered together again and were debating what in the 
world was going on when the old man began to cough nastily.  

They all looked down at the grungy old man as Sasami helped him sit up. He 
growled a stream of particularly creative obscenities as he woke up groggily.  
Everyone except Sasami flinched at the comments and she looked at him in 
confusion.  

Even though Sasami didn't know what a lot of those words meant she had a nagging 
feeling that they were very bad.  "Are you okay?" she asked him with complete 
sincerity.

***********************************

	Taifon sat up and growled his usual heart felt greeting to the world at 
large.  "Are you okay?" someone asked beside him.  

Blinking painfully in the afternoon light he looked around.  He was surrounded 
by beautiful women.  Had he died and gone to heaven?  Then he noticed the green 
haired cop; no, what was left of the green haired cop.  She glared down at him 
suspiciously.  

Nope, still in hell.  Some boy had joined the group as well.  The fog in his 
head lifted slightly and he scrambled to his feet in alarm.  

"Where's the bounty hunter?!" he snapped.  

Except for the yellow eyed woman who seem preoccupied by some kind of back pain 
they all looked at him skeptically.  The green haired one which he mentally 
dubbed "Cyclops" narrowed her eye as she leaned closer.  

"You mean the ASSASSIN, right?"  she said sarcastically.  Taifon's lip trembled 
slightly and he silently cursed himself.  "Uh, yea.  That too.  I mean, with a 
price on my head and all..." he sputtered.  Cyclops pointed behind him.  "He's 
right over there."

***********************************

	Kiyone watched him gaze fearfully at the trapped mecha hovering in the air 
behind Ayeka.  If the situation stunk before it absolutely reeked now.  It all 
felt wrong somehow.  She'd been running all the clues through her head since her 
K-42 had gone down.  

The escape pod he'd come down in, it was a rickety old thing that no Galaxy 
Police Officer; even one sneaking to a safehouse, would use.  She rolled her 
eyes.  

And his equipment; she'd never even heard of a witness on the run carrying so 
much weaponry.  With that handful of tranq. darts still dangling from his coat 
here and there, the thing had to be armored.  The old man hadn't even noticed 
that his weapons were missing.  Kiyone had searched him and found a veritable 
arsenal hidden beneath the coat.  He'd even had a bloody Mass Driver slung over 
his shoulder.  She was going to ask him about THAT thing later.  She shivered.  
The damn weapon was an artillery piece, not a side arm.  Speaking of running...

She could understand the fool fleeing for his life when the assassin showed up 
but the others said it looked like he was trying to break into the other man's 
ship.  A victim with what he apparently thought were hacking skills trying to 
steal his attackers ship?  At least the trapped door hadn't killed him.

Not to mention all those blast craters she'd seen in the woods.  The assassin... 
::she shook her head:: ...the old man's pursuer, had been using a tranq. rifle.  
It made no sense for him to toss explosives at the old man while shooting at him 
with a tranq. gun.  Could that grenade which had almost killed her have actually 
come from the old man?  

And while on the subject of killing, why did he spare Mihoshi when he'd somehow 
popped her suit open?  And herself...  He'd hesitated to kill her when he ripped 
the K-42 open and again once she was helpless.  From what she could see of his 
fight with Ryoko he'd also chosen to spare her life as well once she was down.  
Kiyone sighed.  

Once they found a way to pry him out of that suit she'd arrest the pilot and 
place the old man into "protective custody".  There'd be time to sort it all out 
after she investigated the stranger's ship.  The scrawny old man was whining 
some pitiful story to Ayeka now.  Kiyone shivered.  That little snake just made 
her skin crawl for some reason.  She frowned in annoyance.  

"Hey you!" she snapped at his back.  The creep jumped at the sound of her voice 
and turned around.  "Y, yes maam?" he whined pitifully.  Kiyone restrained a 
bitter snarl.  She was getting sick of his 'oh woe is me' act.  Kiyone had seen 
better attempts at looking innocent on dogs, this guy was almost a joke.  

"What's your name anyway?  We can't just run around calling you 'old man' all 
the time you know."  

He wrung his hands anxiously, a trickle of sweat rolling down his forehead.  
"Uh, my name?  Ah, its... eh..."  Taifon struggled to think of a plausible 
alias.  Before he could finish they all jumped as an amplified voice boomed 
behind them.  

"TAIFON LIGAMA BOGARDEN!  You are charged under Galaxy Police Law, Item 2546, 
Amendment 973!  Surrender yourself at once!"

***********************************

	It tasted like blood...  Sid's eyes whipped open and he coughed violently, 
a spray of blood and spit dotting the inside of the suit.  He spat out a bloody 
piece of meat and rolled his tongue around in his mouth.  That explained a lot.  
He'd bitten off a good sized piece from the inside of his cheek.  The screaming 
pack of headaches that were fighting for supremacy in his skull must have dulled 
the pain because he didn't feel a damned thing.  At least he'd woken up, it 
could be worse.  

Shaking the last lingering remnants of the dream from his mind he checked his 
scanners.  Blind?  Why?  His head cleared slightly and he reminded himself.  
Energy barrier, trapped, floating, need more power.  He looked around worriedly.  
He'd been out of it for a couple of minutes.  He was still floating behind the 
purple haired woman with that god awful laugh.  

Everyone had gathered around...  Taifon!  That little bastard!  He looked more 
closely.  He was just laying there.  Was he dead?  What happened to him?  Sid 
magnified the image and stifled a laugh.  Taifon looked a little crisp around 
the edges.  He must have tried to break into Sid's ship and run afoul of the 
security systems.  From the looks of it he didn't even get past the door.  

He grumbled something vulgar when he noticed the green haired woman and the 
yellow eyed witch standing around with the others and sighed.  At least it'll be 
easier to deal with them a second time around.  Green looked like she wouldn't 
be threatening ANYTHING for a while and Yellow...  Sid chuckled to himself, 
taking guilty pleasure in the way she stooped over cradling her back like an old 
hag.  No, round two shouldn't be much trouble at all.  He had every reason to be 
confident.  Even though he might be weak as a kitten right now the suit was more 
than ready to go despite its damage.  But he still hadn't stored enough power to 
attempt an escape and would need a few more minutes peace before the suit was 
ready.  

Having nothing else to do he activated the external speakers and listened in on 
their conversation.  After a few moments he frowned thoughtfully and listened 
closer.  

What assassin?  And who the hell is Officer Murphy?  After listening to another 
minute of their babbling he slowly began to piece together what they were 
talking about.  Unless they were putting on some elaborate act for his benefit 
these clowns knew less about what the hell is going on than he did.  

He watched Taifon wake up and listened closely to their chatter.  Again this 
business about an assassin.  Sid held back the urge to attack Taifon as the 
bastard turned around and gawked at him.  Every time someone mentioned this 
'assassin' they'd glance at him.  

A nasty little thought danced across his brain and gave it a vicious kick.  
Taifon DID land a few minutes before him and was already with these women once 
he arrived.  He could have told them anything...  Sid dismissed the thought.  
They had to be working for Taifon, anything else would be simply ridiculous.  

Green snapped at Taifon's back.  "What's your name anyway?  We can't just run 
around calling you 'old man' all the time you know."  

Sid's jaw dropped.  It was impossible.  It had to be some kind of sick joke... 
or something worse.  He may as well play along.  If it was true then he might 
not have to waste time fighting them again.  If not... he shrugged slightly.  

Activating the suits internal speakers he stood up inside the bubble and yelled 
at them in his best 'voice of authority' before Taifon could answer.  

"TAIFON LIGAMA BOGARDEN!  You are charged under Galaxy Police Law, Item 2546, 
Amendment 973!  Surrender yourself at once!"  They all jumped in alarm and 
stared at him as if he'd grown another head.  Green paled slightly.  "I am 
Bounty Hunter First Class Sid, License #28395701-Alpha 3."  He pointed 
accusingly at Taifon.  "I have come here in pursuit of the wanted A-5 Class 
criminal Taifon!"  he looked sharply at the green haired woman who could pass 
for a corpse if she got any paler.  "Under Section 5, Clause 8 of the Galaxy 
Police Bounty Hunter Code I have the right to demand the assistance of any 
nearby law enforcement personnel in the completion of my duties."  He slapped 
the barrier for emphasis.  "You will release me from this device and surrender 
the suspect into my custody immediately!"  

Green gave Taifon a gruesome one-eyed glare.  "H, he's lying!" he sputtered.  
Taifon pointed back at Sid.  "He just made up all that gibberish!  He's got no 
proof 'cus there is none!"  They all looked back at Sid.  "Well?" asked Green.  

Sid's righteousness faltered.  All of his 'Official' junk was locked in a safe-
box onboard the OX-11, even his ID.  He pointedly reminded himself to take it 
with him next time, low-tech backwater world or not.  "Uh, not on me at the 
moment.  On my ship..."  

Taifon threw a rock at him which bounced harmlessly off the sphere.  The crazy 
old fool was practically frothing at the mouth.  "Lying murderer!  You killed 
Officer Murphy!"  

"Who the hell is Officer Murphy!" Sid yelled back.  "And speaking of murder, 
your the one who virus bombed the colony of Lustria Prime for refusing your 
ransom demands!"  

The others looked back and forth between them in confusion.  "Lies, lies, lies!"  
screamed Taifon.  

Sid recited what he could remember from Taifon's bounty posting.  "73 counts of 
smuggling, 59 counts of assault with a deadly weapon, 29 counts of armed 
robbery, 18 counts of space piracy, 16 counts of murder, 5 counts of 
terrorism..."  

Taifon countered with a deluge of insults, accusations and obscenities.  In the 
middle of the shouting match Sasami tugged on Ayeka's sleeve and spoke into her 
ear.  "Ayeka?  What's a grot fondler?" she whispered innocently.  Ayeka blushed.  
"Ah... uh, Sasami, we'll discuss this later."  

Meanwhile, Sid mentally cursed to himself.  What would it take to convince these 
people?!  He needed something to shake what little faith they might still have 
in Taifon, but what?  He was fast running out of charges and these fools still 
seemed unsure.  Sid brightened suddenly in inspiration.  They knew nothing 
anyway.  He'd simply make up the most despicably atrocious thing he could.  

Sid grinned as a little green 'ready' light appeared on his H.U.D. showing that 
the suit was ready to attempt a breakout.  If reasoning didn't work then he'd 
just have to do this the hard way.  

********************************

	The bounty hunter struck a dramatic pose and raised his voice, cutting off 
Taifon in mid-tirade.  

"AAAND, he is a co-founder of the Preschool Prostitute Ring of Slaaneshi 4!"  
There was a stunned silence as Taifon found himself at a loss for words.  

"T, thats a lie!  I've only been there once for..."  He frowned in thought for a 
moment before making a little 'o' of surprise as most of the others took a step 
away from him.  

"No, w, wait!  That's not what I meant!"  He looked around anxiously.  The only 
ones still near him were Cyclops and the little blue haired girl who looked at 
him in confusion.  "You've gotta' believe me!" he whined.  

Cyclops stepped behind him and calmly laid a heavy hand on his shoulder and 
nodded at the purple haired woman who barked a command at the floating wooden 
blocks beside her.  "Release him!"  The two blocks slowly drifted to the ground 
and floated away from their prisoner.  The bubble between them vanished as 
suddenly as it had appeared as the blocks drifted away and took up positions 
behind Purple. 

Taifon quickly sized up the mecha.  It certainly looked fearsome enough even 
though it was obviously damaged.  He could probably take it down with the Mass 
Driver.  Taifon slowly reached for the weapon and finally noticed the lack of 
its reassuring weight on his shoulder.  Had he dropped it?!  He quickly patted 
himself down as the hunter took a step forward.  

Cyclop's grip on his shoulder tightened as she noticed the movement and he 
glanced back at her over his shoulder innocently.  His look of innocence 
withered under her gaze as she shook her head sternly.  Taifon turned away 
miserably.  The damn cop must have searched and disarmed him.  

"All right bounty hunter.  We'll see if Headquarters confirms your story.  If it 
all checks out, he's yours." she said firmly.  Tears began to form in his eyes.  
It was so unfair... Could this really be the end of the line?  

A shiver ran through him and his eyes widened in surprise.  He rubbed a boot 
over his shin just to be sure.  She'd missed the stiletto strapped to his leg!  
He could...  His hopes fell again as he looked back at the mecha which nodded at 
Cyclops in agreement.  What the hell could he do with it?  Scratch his initials 
in the hunters armor?  Taifon was considering just how doomed he was when a hint 
of blue hair caught the corner of his eye.  He might still have a chance after 
all, if he was quick enough.  

Time (conveniently) slowed down again.  Wow, that red head was sharp.  She was 
already yelling a warning before he even moved.  Her warning came too late for 
Cyclops.  She fell like a sack of bricks as Taifon lashed out with an arm, 
smashing an elbow into the already battered side of her face.  

The crash of footsteps?  The hunter... so fast for a mecha.  Not fast enough.  
Taifon rolled away from it, narrowly avoiding the hunter's punch as he swung at 
him wildly.  Taifon sprang up with the stiletto in hand mere inches from the 
little blue haired girl.  What was that in her eyes?  Surprise?  Fear?  She 
turned to run.  

"Oh no you don't!" he snarled, seizing one of the long tails of hair hanging 
from her head with his wounded arm.  Cursing at the pain he yanked back on it as 
hard as he could, pulling her back to him.  Ignoring their cries of alarm and 
what sounded like a couple snarls of hatred he wrapped his wounded arm firmly 
around her throat.  Her screams of pain and terror stopped abruptly when he 
pressed the point of the dagger under her chin.  It was too bad really.  He was 
enjoying the sound.  

"NOBODY MOVE!" he screamed at them.  It was like being surrounded by statues.  
The hunter was pointing some kind of arm mounted guns at him which Tafion 
ignored completely.  If the punk had the balls to do it he'd have done it 
already.  That furry genetic tragedy he'd seen in the girls arms earlier was 
hissing at him and the purple haired woman seemed particularly upset.  "Release 
Sasami at once you ruffian!"  

Taifon gave her a vivid, long winded description of where she could 'shove it' 
and why.  Amazing, he didn't think anyone so angry could blush but she managed 
it somehow.  

Making sure there was no one behind him he quickly walked backwards, dragging 
the girl along in front of him.  His nerves calmed down slightly now that he had 
everyone in sight.  He took a moment to wonder what had happened to the blonde.  
She must've been fragged in the fight, not that he cared.  One less cop to worry 
about.  

Tafion watched the group suspiciously as they shifted around slightly, the tall 
yellow eyed one disappeared from view as she hid behind the hunters suit.  It 
felt good to know she was so scared of him.  He glanced sharply at Cyclops who'd 
somehow managed to get back to her feet.  The police must have thicker skulls 
than ever these days.  

"Hey!  Cyclops!"  She glared back at him darkly.  She didn't like being called 
that.  Good.  "I KNOW your armed cop.  Take it out slowly and throw it here!"  
He looked at the mecha.  "And you, tough guy!  Out of the suit!  NOW!"  

When neither of them moved he snarled and pressed the stiletto's point against 
the girls throat.  She whimpered softly as a small trickle of blood slid down 
its edge.

*************************************

	Sid watched the witch slip behind him.  What was she up to now?  This was 
hardly the time to be settling the score.  He decided to give her the benefit of 
the doubt and didn't draw any attention to her.  

Sid muttered to himself.  "Yup, definitely faster without all the ordnance."  He 
listened calmly to Taifon's demands and held back a laugh.  If he left the suit 
and Green gave up a gun the first thing Taifon would do is shoot him.  In his 
condition it would be a cold day in the hot place before he voluntarily 
abandoned the suit.  It looked like Green was having similar thoughts.  

Taifon snarled and pressed the dagger point into the girls throat, drawing 
blood.  Sid glanced at his scanners in alarm.  The purple haired woman was 
losing it.  Her already strange energy signature glowed like a flare on the 
screen.  He glanced up from the scanners in alarm.  The woman's robe and hair 
whipped around as if in a storm only she could feel.  The red head looked 
completely unconcerned as she scanned the phenomena with some hand held device.  
Everyone; including Taifon, was so busy watching the show that they didn't 
notice that Ryoko had teleported until she appeared right above Taifon and...

*************************************

	...dropped down, grabbing the hand which held the dagger.  He stared up at 
her in surprise as she slowly pulled his hand away from the girls throat.  Ryoko 
grinned at him nastily as he struggled against her in futility.  

"Let's see..." she growled.  "...once to the left!"  ::SNAP::  He howled in pain 
and dropped the dagger as she gave his arm a sharp twist, breaking it.  "Twice 
to the right..."  ::CRACKLE::  Sasami broke free and ran to Ayeka as Taifon fell 
to his knees in agony, clutching at his shattered arm.  "And once more to the 
left..." she said, still grinning.  ::POP::  Ryoko held him by his shoulder and 
wrist and rammed her knee into the back of his elbow, reversing the joint.  She 
let him go and he collapsed to the ground cradling what remained of his arm.  

Ryoko leaned over him in mock sympathy.  "Oh, I'm sorry!  Did that hurt?"  
Taifon whimpered and looked up at her with wide, fear glazed eyes as she poked 
at the broken arm playfully.  "So it's not supposed to bend that way?  You poor 
thing..."  

She leaned closer and whispered into his ear seductively.  "And to think I went 
out of my way to help you.  You know, little man..." she whispered while raising  
her hand before his face, little bolts of power dancing between her fingers.  
"...there's no need to send you back for a trial.  We can hold your execution... 
RIGHT HERE!"  A glowing ball of energy suddenly blazed to life in her hand and 
Taifon fell backwards gibbering incoherently.  The mecha stepped up behind her 
and laid an armored hand on her shoulder.  She drew away from it and snarled 
back at him, energy shot at the ready.  "Back off bounty hunter!"  
The rest of the group joined them except for Ayeka who was still comforting 
Sasami.  Tenchi spoke up first.  "That's enough Ryoko!"  He glanced at the still 
whimpering Taifon.  "He won't be hurting anyone else for a while."  

Her projectile dissipated and she smiled back at him innocently.  "Oh Tenchi, 
you worry too much."  She stood up and dusted herself off.  "I was only teasing 
him." she said cheerfully.  They all looked dubiously at Taifon's mangled arm.  
Ryoko frowned in annoyance.  "What?"

***********************************

	Sid shook his head.  Alive was still alive, broken or not.  At least the 
kid wasn't hurt.  He quickly walked over to Taifon who made a feeble attempt at 
crawling away.  Taifon growled some half-hearted obscenity at him as he reached 
down and pinned Taifon's head to the ground.  Sid calmly activated the suit's 
mini-tranq. gun and fired two darts into his neck.  

He stood up and looked pensively at the unconscious man at his feet.  It had 
been a long, violent and confusing day and this was what it all boiled down to.  
He unlocked the suits face plate and flipped it open, taking a deep breath of 
fresh air as he turned around.  

There were a couple of sharp gasps as they all gawked at him.  He looked back at 
them curiously.  "What?  Did my nose fall off or something?"  

Sid blinked as something wet dripped onto his face.  He gently dabbed at it with 
the suits hand.  Blood?  That's right, he'd coughed up a mess of blood and other 
things inside there.  He frowned in thought and laughed weakly.  He must make 
for a gruesome sight indeed.  As if to remind him why he felt like crap one of 
his knee's gave out without warning.  

Green, who'd been standing closest, grabbed his arm in an attempt to keep him 
from falling.  A mistake considering how heavy a suit of power armor could be.  
Sid collapsed to his knees, braced on one arm as Green tumbled down beside him.  

He found himself staring at her.  Even with the bruise and swelling he could see 
that she was pretty.  Sid winced as the professional in him kicked the inside of 
his skull again.  She HAD BEEN pretty before he repeatedly bashed in the front 
of her K-42 with his knee.  He slowly stood  and helped her up.  

"Are you okay?" she nervously asked him.  Sid blinked rapidly as he gave in to 
the overwhelming urge to apologize to her and learn what her name was.  He 
reluctantly let her go.  "I'm sorry... that was very clumsy of me.  We nearly 
killed each other and I don't even know your name, uh... Miss?"  She looked at 
him oddly for a moment.  "D, Detective First Class Kiyone..."  

Kiyone shook her head as if getting rid of a distraction and turned around.  
"And these are..."  She paused and growled at Yellow who was snickering and had 
a stupid grin on her face.  "And what do you find so funny?!" Kiyone snapped at 
her.  Yellow rolled her eyes innocently.  "Oh, nothing.  Nothing at all."  
Kiyone grumbled something and pointed at the boy.  "This is..."  She quickly ran 
through the introductions, diplomatically choosing to leave out the parts 
identifying any of the said individuals as Space Pirates, Jurai Royal Family or 
Infamous Mad Scientists.  "...and the blonde woman you tranq'ed in the woods is 
Mihoshi.  My partner..." she added reluctantly.  

They stood there for a moment in awkward silence.  "Um, I'll just go and confirm 
Taifon's criminal record with Headquarters." she said as she turned and quickly 
limped to her ship.  
Milliseconds after she left the creepy red head; Washu, stepped forward and 
started scanning him with some device in her hands.  Sid looked at her warily as 
she circled him.  "Can I help you?" he asked annoyed.  

Washu stopped in front of him suddenly.  "Your obviously not an experienced 
mecha pilot.  The suit has taken serious damage to most of its internal systems 
and it's armor and structural integrity are nearing critical levels.  Not to 
mention your pushing the generator almost to its limit."  She looked up at him 
curiously.  "Why are you still alive?" she asked him calmly.  

Sid glared back at her.  "I ask myself that all the time."  

Washu changed her tone and smiled at him sweetly.  "That's an impressive piece 
of equipment your wearing.  Where did you find it anyway?"  

He looked down at her suspiciously.  "It's a long story.  I've never seen 
another one like it."  Washu mumbled to herself through her frozen smile.  "I'll 
bet you haven't."  Sid leaned down trying to hear her.  "What?"  "Oh nothing, 
just clearing my throat." she said innocently.  

Washu gave him what she thought was a helpful expression.  "Maintaining such an 
advanced and well designed suit must be very expensive."  Sid nodded warily, 
little alarm bells going off in his head.  "In any case, YOUR condition is also 
deteriorating.  It would be dangerous for you to travel with such serious 
injuries.  If you rest here until you recover I could repair it for you, free of 
charge."  

He looked at her skeptically.  "And what do you get out of this?"  "I get to 
study it of course." she replied.  Why was she so eager for him to stay?  The 
little creep was hiding something.  That settled it.  He was leaving.  Today.  

"That's very generous of you but I'm in a hurry.  Sorry."  

"Don't be so stubborn!" she snapped at him angrily.  

Her expression instantly changed back to one of benevolent concern.  "Won't you 
please reconsider?" she asked with shining eyes.  Sid thought he'd gag on the 
saccharine goodness in her voice and looked around desperately for an escape.  

Ah, Yellow... ::Sid shook his head:: ...Ryoko was missing.  He stepped around 
Washu and spoke to the others.  "Excuse me.  Where did Ryoko go?"  "She said she 
was going to look for Mihoshi." answered Tenchi.  "Really?  Can you tell me..."

***********************************

	Washu scowled at Sid's back as he made small talk with the others and 
ignored her.  That big oaf was being so uncooperative.  All she wanted was the 
Ex. suit's Entropy Conversion Reactor, or at least a chance to copy it.  

It had been sheer luck; even for one of her genius, to stumble upon the concept 
and design a functioning model.  All of her designs and notes had been lost 700 
years ago when she'd been arrested and exiled.  To have the original prototype 
fall into her lap like this was a miracle that could save her years, even 
decades of research.  She must not let this opportunity slip through her grasp!  

She quietly walked away from the group till she was just in shouting range.  
With her back to them Washu activated her virtual keyboard and within moments 
she was hacking into the operating systems of Sid's ship.  Washu effortlessly 
disabled the computer's Guardian software and tucked it away for reactivation 
later.  She continued her sabotage unobstructed and set about disabling the 
ship's engines.  The bounty hunter was STAYING, he just didn't know it yet.

**********************************

	Sid chatted politely with the group.  They seemed like nice enough people 
now that they weren't trying to kill him anymore.  He was still a little 
suspicious.  When he'd asked them how such a... variety of individuals had come 
to stay here together they laughed nervously and told him it was a long story.  

Sid looked up as Ryoko came floating out of the woods with the unconscious 
Mihoshi over her shoulder.  As she approached them Kiyone stepped out of the GP 
Cruiser and limped over to join them.  She looked at Sid with watery eyes and 
spoke in a calm professional monotone.  

"Headquarters congratulates you on your successful capture of the A-5 Class 
criminal Taifon.  The prisoner is to be placed into your custody for transport 
to the nearest Galaxy Police Station where you will be paid in full, the bounty 
offered."  She saluted, shivering.  "Congratulations Bounty Hunter First 
Class..." she said with a wavering voice.  

Sid gently grabbed her by a shoulder.  "Hey now.  What's wrong?  The galaxy is a 
safer place now right?"  

Kiyone's shoulders slumped and she looked down at her feet, softly crying.  
"...::sniffle:: obstruction of justice, aiding a wanted felon in his escape... 
::sniff:: assaulting a bounty hunter in the lawful completion of his duties... 
::sob:: dereliction of duty as a Resident Officer.  I'll be demoted for sure... 
maybe discharged from the force entirely..." she said miserably.  

Ryoko spoke up beside them, pointing a thumb at the wreckage of the K-42.  "You 
forgot 'Destruction of expensive Galaxy Police property'." Ryoko added 
helpfully.  

Kiyone glanced at the wreckage.  Face in her hands, she fell to her knees 
sobbing.  Ryoko rolled her eyes and walked over to join Washu when everyone gave 
her a dirty look, leaving Mihoshi on the ground by the group.  

Sid kneeled in front of Kiyone anxiously.  "Aw... C'mon, don't cry..."  He 
couldn't bear to see a woman cry, especially a pretty one.  (another kick inside 
his head)  Even pretty ones with enormous bruises and possible internal 
injuries.  He was out of hankies and still inside a suit of power armor; not his 
idea of and ideal situation to comfort someone.  He had to say something but 
what?  

A solution went skittering through his mind.  The authorities wouldn't know what 
had happened in the fighting here until they turned in their reports.  If they 
falsified those reports.. His professionalism roared in protest.  If he reported 
the truth, Galaxy Police would pay for any damages mistakenly caused by one of 
their Officers.  The repair costs would be substantial considering how battered 
his suit was.  He winced slightly at the sharp pain in his ribs.  Never mind how 
battered HE was.  It would be a small bounty in itself and this cop looked like 
she felt guilty enough to report the truth and not even contest his claim.  
Looked like... she felt... guilty... enough...  

Sid sniffed miserably and sighed.  He couldn't bring himself to do it.  If he 
did he'd see this sobbing, battered woman kneeling in the dust every time he 
closed his eyes for the rest of his days.  Sid grabbed her by the shoulders and 
gently shook her.  "Hey!  Listen to me..."  She looked up at him sadly.  "Tell 
you what.  Lets make a deal.  I'll lie in the report, claim all damages were 
caused in fighting Taifon.  We could even tell them he's the one who destroyed 
your K-42."  He shook her again, desperation in his voice.  "Please!  Just stop 
crying!"  

She sniffed loudly and calmed down a little.  "Falsifying reports is a violation 
of Section 3, Article 29a... punishable by a maximum of..."  

Sid cut her off.  "We're NOT falsifying reports, we're saving your career.  
Right?"  he softly squeezed her shoulders till she met his eyes.  "Riiiggghhht?"  

She nodded slowly and he helped her stand up.  "But... if you turn in an 
accurate report, Galaxy Police would have to reimburse you for..."  

Sid quickly shook his head and stumbled slightly from dizziness.  "Don't you 
worry about that.  Just keep your end of the bargain."  

Kiyone gave him an odd look.  "What are you talking about?"  

Sid smiled at her cheerfully.  "You stopped crying.  Now all you have to do is 
keep it that way."  

She quickly stepped back, eyeing him suspiciously.  "Y, you can't be serious... 
that's ridiculous!"  

He let out a resigned sigh.  "All right, all right... if you insist.  You can 
owe me a favor."  

Kiyone narrowed her eye.  "What sort of... favor?"  

Sid shrugged.  "Come on.  Every bounty hunter needs a favor from the police 
sooner or later.  Contacts inside the force, information, backup... if it's okay 
with you?"  Her gaze softened as a trace of tears gathered in the corners of her 
eyes.  Without warning she bowed deeply.  

"Thank you..." she whispered, shaking slightly.  

"Aww... don't..."  He was cut off by a polite knocking on the back of his suit.  
Sid turned his head.  it was that woman with the annoying laugh and outrageous 
energy signature.  ::Ahem::  Ayeka coughed daintily and offered him an 
embroidered square of cloth.  "A handkerchief?  Oh!  Uh..."  Sid took it and 
nodded in thanks.  

She giggled to herself and went back to the others who were pointedly ignoring 
the scene.  He turned back to Kiyone and pushed the hanky into her hands.  
"Please stop... your not honoring the agreement." he said quietly.  

Kiyone stood up wiping her eyes and loudly blew her nose.  "I'm sorry, I just... 
::she shook her head:: ...thank you."  Sid chuckled and decided to push his 
luck.  

"I have a name y'know." he said smiling.  

Kiyone blinked for a moment and smiled back weakly.  "Thank you Sid."  

Feeling unreasonably pleased with himself, Sid didn't even notice that Washu had 
come back from her sulking until she was standing next to Kiyone, whispering 
urgently into her ear.  Washu showed her the scanning device she'd been using 
and gestured at its display.  Kiyone held the unit herself and pointed it at 
him.  She frowned at the results.  

"Sid, Washu is right.  You've been seriously injured.  There's even some 
internal bleeding and I don't know WHAT to make of your vital signs... they're 
jumping all over the place.  You can't leave like this.  There's no guarantee 
you'll even MAKE IT to a medical facility."  

Sid scowled at Washu accusingly.  That little woman was nothing but trouble.  
Whatever her reasons were for interfering it was a sure bet that his continued 
good health wasn't one of them.  "I've finished what I came here to do.  I'm 
going."  

"What's your problem?!  Taifon isn't going anywhere!  We can just freeze him in 
stasis while you rest up until you at least RESEMBLE a living creature!" Kiyone 
snapped back at him.  

Something in a dark corner of his mind purred at the suggestion of staying.  
After all, if he stayed for a while he'd probably get to see her again... He 
violently smothered the thought.  Bad sign.  He was getting way to interested in 
this stranger.  What did he know about the woman besides that she's a cop, has a 
conscience, is very attractive and is capable of savage violence which he 
witnessed first hand?  His infatuation with her was starting to affect his 
judgement.  Sid's romantic sentimentalism had always gotten him nothing but 
trouble, now wouldn't be any different.  He had enough loss and betrayal to last 
a lifetime and was determined to keep the promise he'd made to himself to avoid 
this kind of trouble.  That sentimentalism had just cost him a small fortune.  
He HAD to get out of here before his determination weakened any further.  

Sid turned his back to her and quickly walked over to Taifon, ignoring the cries 
of protest behind him.  He didn't even notice the odd stares he was getting from 
the others as he slung the old man over his shoulder and turned back towards his 
ship.  

Kiyone quickly limped after him.  "Hey, did you hear a word I said?!"  

Sid stopped suddenly and turned to face the group.  There was no need for him to 
be rude about it.  He should at least say something.  He looked the group over 
one more time.  What an odd bunch they were.  He'd regret not hearing how they'd 
all come together like this... oh well.  "Thank you."  Sid frowned in thought.  
They'd been nothing but trouble and he really didn't have anything to thank them 
for but...  "Uh, thank you for your cooperation."  He stepped toward Ryoko and 
held out a hand.  "Ms. Ryoko, I'd especially like to thank you for your help 
with the hostage situation.  I don't know what I'd have done if you hadn't 
stepped in.  Thank you..." he said sincerely.  

Ryoko looked at his hand disdainfully and folded her arms.  "I don't need your 
thanks bounty hunter."  She sneered at him.  "Weren't you just leaving?" she 
asked coldly as the other gawked at her attitude.  

Sid calmly withdrew his hand and nodded at her.  "As you wish."  He turned about 
and spoke to them over his shoulder.  "Take care... sorry about the mess."  He 
was about to start walking when he noticed Kiyone standing in his way.  

"What are you running from Sid?" she demanded.  

"Y..."  You.  He thought it... nearly said it...  Sid shook his head.  "I keep 
my word.  I'll send you a copy of my report before I leave so our stories will 
match.  I'll even put in a good word for you." he added with a wink.  "You 
fought well, regardless of WHO you were fighting."  

Kiyone stared at him in confusion.  "Your not making any sense!  There's no 
reason for you to be so reckless!"  

He smiled at her sadly.  "I disagree." he said and gestured slightly at the beat 
up side of her face.  "Take care of yourself Detective.  I'll lift off within 
the hour."  With that he calmly stepped around her and walked back to his ship.

*************************************

	Kiyone silently watched him go and winced as he stumbled near the entry 
hatch.  He could barely walk straight.  What did he hope to accomplish with such 
a meaningless show of bravado?  She grumbled to herself as the hatch closed 
behind him.  "...idiot."  

She glanced around the area and sighed wearily.  They'd have to clean up this 
mess and dispose of the escape pod before any of the local authorities came to 
investigate.  Then she'd have to make that report and... Kiyone groaned.  All 
she really wanted to do was keel over and sleep like Mihoshi.  She looked down 
at her unconscious partner.  Mihoshi, useless as ever.  At least she can't make 
things any worse this way.  

She turned as Ayeka tapped her on the shoulder.  "Kiyone?  Washu says you should 
come to her lab and have those injuries looked at.  She probably has something 
for the swelling and I'm sure we could all use a drink."  Kiyone nodded in 
thanks as Tenchi picked up Mihoshi and followed Washu to the house.  

"I suppose Washu's right." she said.  

As they all walked to the house Tenchi paused beside Ryoko who stood near the 
lake shore staring at Sid's ship.  "Uh, Ryoko?  Aren't you coming inside?  You 
should have Washu take a look at you to make sure nothing's broken."  

Ryoko gave him a hollow smile.  "Don't worry Tenchi, I'll be along in a minute.  
I just need some fresh air."  He nodded hesitantly and walked past her, 
wondering at her strange behavior.  That Washu seemed so genuinely cheerful 
didn't help his nerves any.  

Once everyone else had gone inside Ryoko sat down painfully with a small groan.  
As she looked over the lake Ryo-Ohki climbed into her lap to be petted.  She 
slowly stroked the cabbit, waiting...

*************************************

	Safely inside his ship, Sid unlocked the seals on the suit and climbed out 
of the bulky thing.  He stepped in front of it and gave it a cursory 
examination.  Even he had to admit that it was a fearsome sight, a monster of 
black and gray with red eyes.  Something out of nightmare...  He picked at a 
crack in its armor in annoyance.  Just like the cost of fixing it.  It was too 
valuable to let go to waste.  Incredible concealability, instant readiness... it 
was almost too good to be true.  Now if only the damn thing would stop trying to 
kill him.  

Sid shrugged and lifted Taifon from its arms, his ribs screaming in protest.  In 
a perfect world he'd be unemployed, no point in wasting time whining about it.  
After cleaning him up as best he could Sid carried Taifon down a short hallway 
into a small room and laid the scrawny old man down in a stasis tube.  A moment 
with the controls and its glass lid sealed shut and the tube filled with gas.  
The little bastard could keep for months in there.  Sid would only need a few 
days.  

Fumbling around in a med-kit he decided against the stim's and settled for a 
large patch of painkillers and slapped it against his arm.  Unsatisfied, he 
reached for another and slapped it onto the other arm.  Feeling infinitely 
better, Sid walked back to the loading bay to clean up the suit and shut down 
its systems.  Climbing back into the dark mecha he took one last look over its 
displays.  

Sid tsk'ed at the still unused power he'd stored up earlier.  He'd nearly killed 
himself making it and now it turns out he won't even be using it.  Left to sit, 
the stuff would soon dissipate into the ether.  What a waste...  

He was just about to deactivate the suit when a tiny flashing icon caught his 
eye.  Selecting it, the screen displayed 'Download Complete'.  What?  He laughed 
upon opening the file.  It was the ID check he'd requested from OX-11 when he'd 
first arrived.  He'd forgotten all about it.  Who knows how long ago the search 
had finished.  He examined the results curiously.  The first one he looked at 
was the red head, Washu.  Unknown.  Hmm.  He quickly ran through the others, 
unsurprised that they all seemed to be unknowns.  Having only a modest computer 
he didn't have space to store a massive identification reference and would have 
to go to a galaxy police station to access their database.  So like any good 
bounty hunter he kept a small file containing an updated list of wanted 
criminals known throughout the galaxy.  Some of the most famous bounties in 
galactic history had been taken by making similar general searches on complete 
strangers.  He sighed in boredom and selected the last ID check.  You never know 
who you might run into, that shop keeper you bought a sandwich from might turn 
out to be a...  The air hissed between his teeth as his eyes flew wide, reading 
the entry over again.  "Son of a..."

********************************

	The cabbit in Ryoko's lap looked up as the hatch in Sid's ship opened 
again.  She stopped petting it as the mecha's footsteps approached but remained 
sitting.  He silently stood a short distance from her and she spoke without 
looking at him.  "Its about time you showed up... I was getting tired of 
waiting."  

Sid looked at her thoughtfully.  "You knew I was coming back for you.  How?  Why 
didn't you run when you had the chance?"  

"Run?  From you?  Ha!"  The cabbit jumped to the ground as she slowly stood up.  
"You recognized me, it was written all over your face when you stared at me even 
if you didn't realize it yourself.  It doesn't matter now.  All you bounty 
hunters care about is your greed and the thrill you get out of hunting others.  
Your sooo thankful for my help... right up until you find out there's some money 
in it for you."  Sid flinched at her cold words.  "Don't worry your thick little 
head over it bounty hunter.  To be disappointed, I'd have to expect better from 
you."  Ryoko turned to face him with a cold smile.  "As for running..."  She 
laughed bitterly.  "I'm not afraid of you, tin man.  Yea, you've got some tricks 
up your sleeve.  Lets see if you can keep it up."  She raised an eyebrow at the 
enormous mech sized rifle in his hands.  "Cute toy." she said sarcastically.  
"You think it'll save you?"  

Sid tensed as he prepared for the inevitable.  "Space Pirate Ryoko, it doesn't 
have to be this way.  Surrender yourself peacefully and we can tell them you 
turned yourself in.  It's bound to get your sentenced reduced..."  

"Shut up and fight!" she snarled at him, energy gathering in her hands.  

Sid raised the weapon.  "So be it..."

************************************

	Kiyone leaned back on the living room couch.  It was so soft, comfy and...  
"OUCH!  Damnit Washu!"

Washu stopped applying  the salve to Kiyone's face.  "Oh stop complaining.  This 
would be easier if you didn't squirm so much."  Ignoring her protests Washu 
roughly smeared another glob of the strong smelling stuff over the bruise.  
"With everything you've been through, you should consider yourself lucky."  

Ayeka walked in from the kitchen with a tray of fresh tea and paused beside 
Sasami who sat on the other couch next to the sleeping Mihoshi.  "Are you 
feeling alright Sasami?"  The girl nodded silently.  Ayeka smile softly and 
pressed a steaming cup of tea into her hands.  

"...thank you Ayeka." she whispered.  Sasami brightened suddenly and looked 
around.  "Where did Tenchi go?"  

Ayeka glanced at the kitchen in embarrassment.  "He's cleaning up that bowl I 
broke earlier.  I..."  They all looked up in alarm as the house shook again from 
another explosion outside.  "Not ANOTHER escape pod!" Ayeka snapped.  

Washu calmly shut the little jar she was holding and walked to the door.  "I was 
wondering when they'd start."  

Kiyone stood up painfully and limped after her.  "Washu!  What are you talking 
about?!  Start what?!"  

Washu gave her an annoyed look.  "Fighting of course."  There was another series 
of explosions.  "Sid IS a bounty hunter after all."  

Kiyone's eye widened.  "Oh no... Ryoko!"  Tenchi leaned out of the kitchen door.  
"What is it THIS time?!" he yelled as the house shook again.  

Sasami yelled back over her shoulder as she followed the others outside.  "Hurry 
Tenchi!  Ryoko and Sid are fighting again!"  Groaning with misery he ran after 
them.  

Kiyone stood outside with the others and gaped at the scene as Ryoko and Sid 
dashed about near the lake exchanging fire in a deadly light show.  The mecha 
avoided Ryoko's energy blasts as best it could, pausing occasionally to fire 
enormous beams of crimson death back at her.  Kiyone stared suspiciously at the 
weapon it was carrying.  She'd almost say it looked like a...  Her eyes widened 
in alarm.  No wonder Ryoko was going to so much trouble to avoid it.  That 
lunatic was carrying around a modified ship-board cannon!  He was firing ship to 
ship ordnance at her!  She could barely hear Ryoko yell at him over the weapons 
shrieking roar, something about a 'deranged madman'.  

Kiyone cried out as one of Ryoko's projectiles  smashed into the mecha's 
shoulder, sending it spinning back like a toy.  She watched enviously as it 
rolled with the blast, regained its feet almost instantly and leapt back in time 
to avoid Ryoko's follow up shot while returning fire.  Her 'state-of-the-art' 
Galaxy Police K-42 could never pull off that maneuver...  Kiyone shook her head 
angrily.  This was hardly the time to be feeling jealous.  If Sid actually hit 
Ryoko with that cannon...

***********************************

	...he could PROBABLY stabilize her condition as long as he didn't vaporize 
anything TOO vital.  Sid was surprised there wasn't a death warrant on her head 
considering her extensive criminal career.  Ryoko's latest bounty posting had 
basically said to bring her in alive or don't bother.  

He winced as the suit shook from the explosion of another near miss and more red 
warning lights appeared on his H.U.D..  She was just too fast.  All he needed 
was one good hit, there was no way her shield would protect her from THAT.  It 
looked like Ryoko was well aware of that fact herself since it seemed like Hell 
would freeze over before he got that one hit.  He quickly opened a data link 
with OX-11 while keeping Ryoko at bay with a rapid fire burst.  "OX-11, activate 
missile tubes 1 through 4.  Load low-yield concussion Seeker rounds.  Lock on 
target life-signs."  It bleeped in acknowledgement while a tiny 'percent 
complete' bar appeared on the display.  Desperate situations called for 
desperate measures and Sid was most certainly feeling desperate.  The beam rifle 
was a genuine energy hog.  While he had stored a huge amount of power in the 
suit, the cannon was consuming that power at an alarming rate.  If the stored 
energy was exhausted then he'd have to... recharge the generator, which would 
definitely kill him at this point.  Better to PROBABLY kill Ryoko than 
DEFINITELY be killed BY her.  "She MIGHT survive it..."  he thought skeptically.  
Sid frowned as the launch ready icon softly chimed at him and he leapt clear of 
another blast.  Instead of returning fire he circled Ryoko at a distance until 
her back was to his ship.  

She looked down at him smugly.  "Is that the best you've got bounty hunter?"  
Ryoko let strands of energy flicker between her hands dramatically.  "There's no 
reason to bury you here bounty hunter.  You got what you came for.  Take it and 
leave."  

Sid stood there for a moment and silently considered her offer.  With Taifon's 
bounty alone he might actually come out at a loss for this mission...  All this 
grief would have gained him nothing but a debt.  If he could bring in both of 
them he might actually be able to finish the payments on his ship and finally be 
free of those nasty creditors.  Besides, bringing in two completely unrelated 
felons at once would do wonders for his reputation.  It could easily establish 
him as one of the best.  Then he'd be invited to take part in those lucrative... 
::ahem:: ...private contracts that are offered to select hunters when a client 
doesn't want to involve the Galaxy Police.  

Or, he could surrender and avoid risking his hide any further, letting this 
devil witch mock him and escape.  It took all of 2 milliseconds of raging 
internal debate to decide...  on which hand to finger her with.  Such dramatic 
lighting affects flickering around her, ooh she looked mad.  Good.  Maybe now 
she wouldn't notice when his ship...

**********************************

	...launched a salvo of 4 leg-lengthed missiles which promptly swarmed 
after Ryoko.  Washu let out a tired sigh as she adjusted her scanners again.  
What was that moronic bounty hunter doing?  He should have wiped the floor with 
Ryoko ages ago without having to resort to such ridiculous artillery.  Never 
mind that dreadful excuse for a weapon he insisted on using.  Washu shook her 
head.  Swatting at flies with a sledgehammer.  No wonder he wasn't getting 
anywhere.  He obviously had no idea what the Ex. Suit was capable of.  Top of 
the line equipment wasted on a third rate pilot...  

She raised an eyebrow in concern as Ryoko flipped through the air, narrowly 
evading the swarm.  Things were going to get messy if Ryoko didn't keep a step 
ahead of those.  Ryoko turned sharply and headed for the woods.  Even smart 
missiles couldn't fly through that.  

Seeing Ryoko's intentions  Sid took advantage of her distraction and attempted 
to snipe her with the rifle.  She cried out in alarm as the first shot whipped 
past her face, singeing her hair.  The second grazed her left hip and she went 
spinning towards the ground, a faint red mist in the air behind her.  The group 
let out a tense sigh of relief as Ryoko regained control and skimmed the ground 
with alarming speed as a red stain spread across her side.  The swarm finally 
managed to circle around for a second pass.  Washu frowned thoughtfully as Ryoko 
turned back towards the lake, easily avoiding Sid's fire now that she was paying 
attention.  Why hadn't Ryoko entered the forest and lost the missiles there?  
The only thing near the lake was...  

Washu made a little 'o' of surprise and quickly entered a few commands into her 
virtual keyboard.  Moments later a box appeared at her feet.  Opening it, she 
removed a stack of shaded safety goggles and started handing them out to 
everyone.  

Tenchi looked at his suspiciously.  "Uh, Washu?  Why do you want is to put these 
on?"  

She smiled up at him, a paragon of innocence.  "You trust me don't you?"  

He scratched the back of his head anxiously.  "Well..."  

"Pretty please?" she asked sweetly.  She turned back to the fight as Tenchi 
sighed and put on the goggles along with everyone else.  

Ryoko had flown past Sid to the shoreline and had her back against his ship.  
Concerned about blowing holes in his own vessel he held his fire.  Ryoko gave 
him a nasty smile as the Seeker missiles roared over his head towards her.  When 
he realized her intentions Sid panicked and fired wildly at the missiles.  He 
managed to shoot down one of them before Ryoko teleported some distance behind 
his ship and the other three slammed into it's middle in rapid succession.  The 
ship, which was hovering several inches off the ground, was pushed over the lake 
by the force of the impacts.  When the smoke and debris cleared, a massive crack 
could be seen running through the ship's midsection.  

Now the OX-11 is actually a little smaller than the Yagami, equal in length but 
slightly narrower.  A slender but reliable strike cruiser produced by the 
Bernard/Dailey Shipyards, typically seen in small scale conflicts or law 
enforcement fleets (though never adopted by the Galaxy Police, much to B/D's 
dismay).  Only recently has it begun to be replaced by more advanced models; 
slightly ahead of schedule due to alleged flaws in its structural integrity.  
^_^ 

None of which was particularly important right now as the OX-11 split in half 
with a sickening crunch.  Crushed beyond all hope, the reactor exploded, 
consuming the ship in a blinding plasma fed fireball of epic proportions.  The 
shattered chunks of melted hull that hadn't been thrown about the area in the 
blast fell into the lake with a hissing splash.  The torrent of bubbles rising 
to the surface became a trickle as OX-11's remains quickly slipped beneath the 
water.  In moments the lakes surface was tranquil once more, disturbed only by 
the occasional plop-hiss as the few tiny bits of ship still in the air fell into 
the lake.  Then there was the dead silence of the abyss.  ::plop, hiss::

*************************************

	It started as a low chuckle.  In seconds it rose in pitch to become a 
wicked, full throated belly laugh.  Sid looked up at Ryoko with cold eyes as she 
heaved with uncontrollable laughter high above the lake.  Taifon was dead and 
with him went his full bounty.  Not that the remaining bounty mattered since he 
doubted there were any remains to be found; thus, no bounty at all.  Sid blinked 
as the shock wore off and reality set in.  His LIFE had been on that ship.  It 
was his home, everything he had in the universe...  

Ryoko ducked just in time to avoid a shot that would have taken her head off and 
instead passed close enough to leave a burn across her cheek.  "You just don't 
know when to quit do you bounty hunter?!"  She darted out of the way of another 
rapid burst and snarled in hatred.  "Enough!" she yelled.  With a quick snap of 
her wrist the red glow around her hand stretched itself into a slender energy 
blade and she dived towards him screaming.  

Ryoko crossed the space between them with horrifying speed and lashed out at 
him.  Caught off guard by her change of attack Sid quickly blocked her slash 
with the rifle and grunted in annoyance at what little resistance it offered 
before being sliced in half.  Without missing a beat Sid pushed forward trying 
to smash the broken weapon into her.  However, having no regard for gravity 
Ryoko slipped below it and flew past him.  On the way by she spun around and 
sliced into the back of the mecha's leg, tearing through armor and flesh alike.  
Deafened by the various alarms going off in the suit Sid took small comfort in 
the knowledge that at least he wouldn't bleed to death since energy blades are 
self cauterizing.  He clumsily swung a backhand at her which she ducked with 
contemptuous ease before slicing upwards, cutting away the faceplate and almost 
taking his nose with it.  She leapt back out of reach as he stumbled around to 
face her.  

The witch was toying with him, staying just out of his reach.  If he could get 
her to...  Sid's eyes widened in alarm as something in the damaged leg snapped 
under the strain.  The suit trembled violently before collapsing to one knee and 
Sid screamed in pain as a jagged piece of metal mercilessly tore into his leg on 
the way down.  So much for not bleeding to death.  He glanced at one of the few 
still-functioning displays, hazy now that it was exposed to sunlight.  There was 
a fair amount of power remaining and he still had a few tricks left.  His mind 
wandered off in painful dizziness...  

Yes, the suit was a veritable treasure trove of nasty tricks and gadgets.  Crazy 
Baron Haha had studied it for years in his hidden underground laboratory and 
still hadn't discovered all its secrets.  Of course, it hadn't helped the 
Baron's research any when Sid raided the place and took the Baron into custody 
for the substantial bounty placed on him by several of the neighboring 
communities for his involvement is some illegal chemical dumping that ended in 
rather tragic circumstances.  

Sid had never gotten around to practicing ALL of its abilities.  In fact, he'd 
forgotten most of them.  He still didn't know what "Dimension Oscillating 
Bullets" are or even where to find them in the suit.  He DID remember something 
that just might give him a chance... or at least help him take the devil bitch 
to Hell with him.  

Sid gave a silent prayer of thanks to Crazy Baron Haha, may he rest in peace... 
or pieces anyway.  The angry mob that had stormed the police station upon the 
news of his capture was not feeling very merciful and had employed several cars 
and a good deal of rope in his...  ::ahem::  ...public sentencing.  

If this didn't work he always had the self-destruct system.  There was no way 
she'd be able to get out of the blast radius in time.  Shaking the grim thought 
from his increasingly foggy mind Sid gave the necessary commands to the suit and 
glared back at Ryoko.   

She looked at him in twisted amusement, seemingly unaware or uncaring about her 
own injuries.  She looked too calm.  To catch her by surprise he had to keep her 
distracted, piss her off somehow.  

Sid leered at her with his best lecherous grin, ignoring the trickle of blood at 
the corner of his lip.  "Hey sweetie.  Nice burn you've got on your face there.  
Don't worry though, on a hag like you it's an improvement." he said with a wink.  
From the look on her face the only thing Sid felt sure of was that he was a dead 
man.  

She screamed wordlessly as she leapt forward to deal a finishing blow.  He 
watched her approach, carefully judging the distance between them in those vital 
fractions of a second.  Now!  There was a series of rapid, tiny explosions along 
the suits arms as the battered armor was jettisoned from them, exposing the bare 
internal structure underneath.  At the same instant the upper arms unfolded an 
extra joint segment, extending its arms half again beyond their normal reach.  
Ryoko froze in alarm and reversed her flight.  Too late.  "Just out of reach" 
suddenly wasn't good enough.  Sid laughed maniacally as he easily reached out 
and seized her by the shoulders before she could escape.  He was already 
rehearsing the joy he'd feel once he ripped off her arms and beat her to death 
with them.  Then he'd twist off her head and...  

Struggling in his grasp Ryoko snarled and slashed out with the blade, severing 
the mecha's left hand.  Sid frowned in annoyance.  She was being so 
uncooperative.  At least she hadn't cut further down the arm and taken off his 
own hand as well.  He had to finish her before she decided to slice his head 
open, she was more than close enough to do it.  

Ryoko screamed in pain as Sid tightened his grip with the other hand and blood 
pooled under the mecha's fingers as they dug into her shoulder, crushing it.  He 
activated the power surge he'd prepared earlier and the generator converted all 
available power into a massive electrical discharge which he routed through the 
suit's right arm.  Ryoko convulsed violently as he electrocuted her.  "Space 
Pirate, medium rare?!" he growled at her.  She slowly struggled to raise the 
blade in her hand.  Sid glared at her in surprise and increased the power 
output, ignoring the little warning signals going off in the suit.  "Devil bitch 
well done?!" he shouted.  Through some incredible force of will or unnatural 
resistance she managed to raise the energy blade into a stabbing position.  In 
desperation he shook her like a rag doll, screaming.  "Just die already damn 
you!"  Or at least he TRIED to scream, it came out like a hoarse croak.  His 
mind was spinning like a blender with marbles in it.  He scowled at Ryoko and 
shook her even harder, all four of her.  Sid was fairly certain in a delirious 
way that it was her fault that he couldn't breath.  Maybe if he tore off her 
arm...  

With her shoulder a bloody mess in Sid's grip and her head whipping back and 
forth from the violent motion, Ryoko stabbed down at him blindly.  Sid wasted 
time pondering how she was even able to hold the blade in her naked hands as it 
slid through the suit's armored chest as if it were butter.  He paused and 
looked down at her hands which were pressed against the hole in the mecha's 
chest from the effort of driving the blade through him.  That's okay.  Since he 
couldn't breath anyway there was no need to be concerned about that lung she 
just burned a hole through.  Seeing how it was probably sticking out the other 
side of him it must have burned its way through several ribs as well.  No big 
loss there either... they were already broken anyway.  

He looked up into Ryoko's face and they glared at each other in mutual hatred.  
The power surge had stopped for some reason.  It looked like he wouldn't be 
frying her after all.  How annoying.  Out of pure reflex he reached up with the 
handless left arm and smacked her upside the head.  It was finally too much and 
Ryoko went limp, her head lolling back in unconsciousness.  Her energy blade 
flickered as it lost coherency then vanished altogether.  

Ignoring the pretty lights dancing in his vision Sid gaped at her in shock.  
He'd done it.  He won.  That's great!  That's fantastic!  That...  ::the suit 
fell onto it's side as it's damaged leg shifted:: ...hurts like a mother f...  
The lights in his head vanished along with everything else.  Not that there was 
much to see anyway besides that devil woman on the ground beside him.  

He could here voices as that pack of strange people came running towards them.  
Lots of worried yelling and someone crying.  Who...  It sounded like that cop, 
what's her name... Kiyone.  There was a weak kick of protest inside his head.  
Why should he care if she's crying?  That crazy woman had almost killed him and 
now the OTHER crazy one had finished the job.  But she had such a lovely... 
NAME.  Yes, that was it.  A lovely name.  If he could just get over this not-
breathing problem he might get to see...  ::ahem:: ...hear it again.  He just 
wished...  that she'd stop...  breaking the...  agreement...

********************************

	Voices.  Babbling.  Someone yelling, the creepy red head... Washu.  
Silence, deeper than any lack of sound should be.  Suddenly, more yelling, 
commands.  Then pain.  Bloody gobs of it, hurting in places he didn't know he 
had.  Poking, prodding, pulling, cutting.  More voices.  Silence, lots of it... 
broken only by the occasional voice or two.  

Something stabbed him in his leg.  Fire... his leg was on fire!  Gawd damn it, 
that hurt like a...  "Mother F_cker!" Sid yelled as he quickly sat up and 
grasped at his leg.  He was in a large room.  No, a HUGE room; dark and poorly 
lit.  He was sitting on some kind of table or bed with bandages, patches, tubes 
and wires all over him.  

Washu stood beside him holding an empty syringe and looking tired.  "That's 
enough beauty sleep for you Sidney."  

"DON'T call me that!" he snarled at her before falling back with a groan.  

Washu narrowed her eyes.  "My, aren't we ungrateful.  Luckily for you my genius 
happens to include a modest level of medical knowledge.  Now tell me...  How do 
you feel?"  

Sid told her.  

Washu frowned and held up a second syringe, this one full.  "There is no need 
for such language Mr. Dantares.  I understand that you might not be feeling your 
best right now but if you continue to be uncivil I will have to sedate you.  
It's been a long five weeks and quite frankly I don't have the patience for it."  

Sid sat up and grabbed his head as if to  stop the spinning.  "Sorry, I..."  He 
scowled at her suspiciously.  "How do you know my name?"  

Washu rolled her eyes and busied herself with a monitor on the corner of his 
bed.  "I know a lot of things about you since I took the liberty of downloading 
the contents of your computer before its unfortunate destruction."  She gave him 
an amused glance.  "Including the fact that you maintained an EXTENSIVE 
collection of pictures featuring young women of questionable virtue."  

Sid laughed anxiously and stopped suddenly, grabbing his ribs in pain.  His eyes 
widened suddenly and he looked at her seriously.  "Did you say five WEEKS?!"  

She nodded without looking up from the monitor.  "Considering the extent of your 
injuries you should be thankful that it only took five weeks.  Even WITH the 
speed healing drugs and nanosurgeons it will like be another month before your 
back up to speed.  Just be thankful your in MY care and not one of the LOCAL 
doctors."  Sid laid back down with a thoughtful expression and Washu spoke up a 
little more cheerfully.  "I'm the one who should be upset after all.  It's 
because of your foolishness that I've had to convert my lab into a hospital."  
She narrowed her eyes, her voice thick with irritation.  "Do you have any idea 
how hard it is to get someone like Ryoko to stay in bed for two weeks.  I still 
don't know HOW she escaped back into normal space.  She wouldn't even come back 
until Tenchi made her promise to cooperate.  Fortunately for you she won't have 
any scars.  It'll still be a while before she regains full use of that shoulder 
you crushed."  

Washu let out a weary sigh.  "At least Kiyone wasn't any trouble.  Just three 
days of treatment and she was free to go, but..."  She raised a more-than-
curious eyebrow.  "...Kiyone HAS come by to visit a few times." she said, 
gesturing at the empty chair near the bed.  "She insists on blaming herself for 
the sorry situation your in and your injuries, despite the overwhelming evidence 
that it is mostly due to your own incompetent bumbling around."  Washu shook her 
head.  

"You and Ryoko were quite a mess when we reached you but at least SHE was 
stable.  You'd nearly flatlined yourself."  Turning her face upwards, Washu 
closed her eyes and raised an instructive finger.  "Your lucky I was able to 
return the Ex. Suit back to its pseudo-space pocket so we could drag you back 
here.  You'd fed so much of your life energy into the generator that you were as 
close to dead as anyone can get without dying.  In a way, you owe that Baron 
Haha fellow your life.  The Ex. Suit was still an unfinished prototype when it 
fell into his hands.  That Baron was pretty good for an amateur.  It was HIS 
modifications to it's design that saved your life by automatically shutting down 
the Entropy Conversion Reactor once you'd gone too far."  A look of annoyance 
passed over her face.  "But all those 'safety' features he added butchered its 
available power levels which explains why the suit was performing so poorly.  It 
isn't nearly as fast as it should be."  She waived a dismissive hand.  "Of 
course, if it DID consume the original power levels you'd have died ages ago."  

Sid raised an unsteady arm, struggling to think straight.  "Wait.  Why does it 
use life force as fuel?  I've never understood why."  

Washu tinkered with the bed monitor.  "Well; for one, since the pilot IS the 
fuel, it saves a considerable amount of space which would otherwise be wasted on 
fuel storage and secure containment.  Two, as a fuel it is very powerful stuff, 
but since harnessing it as an energy source hasn't really been done before its 
all still very experimental.  There's still a lot of work to be done on the E. 
C. R..  Once I find a way to optimize the 'life force to generator energy' ratio 
the Ex. Suit will be all but unstoppable!  Oh, and three; since life energy is 
slowly self regenerating, to refuel all that's needed is rest.  However.  One of 
the more unfortunate side effects of this design is that prolonged use of the 
E.C.R. results in diminished regenerative capabilities in the pilot."  

She frowned at Sid's vacant expression.  "It MEANS, you'll end up with less then 
you started with."  She made a calming gesture as panic flickered behind his 
eyes.  "Relax, you haven't shaved off more than a few years worth.  Besides, 
that white streak in your hair looks good on you."  

Sid patted his head anxiously and glared at her.  "Somehow I don't feel 
comforted by that."  Washu shrugged and entered a few commands into the monitor.  

"You'll get used to it." she said, handing him a small mirror from her pocket.  

He examined the new streak in his hair suspiciously for a moment.  "How do you 
know so much about the suit anyway?  Baron Haha's notes are an enormous mess.  
It took me months to go through even half of it.  You can't possibly have 
finished them already."  

She gave him a mischievous smile.  "Why would I need that silly Baron's notes?  
After all, I AM the one who built it."  

Sid rolled his eyes in exasperation.  "I'm serious.  Stop joking around.  
According to his notes he bought it off some arms dealer who was more than happy 
to be rid of it.  The suit itself is some 600 years old."  

"700 years." she corrected him.  

Sid frowned.  "In any case, it was rumored to have been created by the Legendary 
Mad Scientist, Professor Wa..."  He blinked and stared at her smiling face.  

"Some people have been known to call me that." she said thoughtfully.  Washu 
suddenly leaned forward, crawling with absurd cuteness.  "But you can just call 
me Lil' Washu!"  

Sid desperately crawled back away from her on the bed as she cackled madly, 
stopping only when his skull crashed into the headboard.  Thoughts swirled 
through his mind as he slipped back into unconsciousness.  People all across the 
galaxy still spoke of The Legendary Mad Scientist in hushed tones...  but 
Professor Washu had been exiled centuries ago, she couldn't possibly still be 
alive.  

"Damn you Selfie, I hope your satisfied.  I've finally died and gone to hell..." 
he groaned, just before...

THE END




Authors Note

	This story actually began as a rewrite of story a friend of mine wrote 
called "No Need For Extream".  It was a lemon (and not a particularly good one, 
though it is debatable as to whether there is such a thing as a GOOD Lemon) some 
6 or 7 pages in length.  Say what you will of "NNFE" (according to some there is 
much to be said, none of it good) but this little gem of mine would not exist 
were it not for Michael Bearden and his... ::ahem:: ...sour lemon.  This one's 
for you Mike, now slowly step away from the keyboard.  As for the title, I am 
sure that SOMEONE, SOMEWHERE has used it before.  BUT, it fit well and it 
doesn't really matter.

To you readers out there, I WANT to hear from you.  Throw tomatoes, rocks, 
praise, money, underwear, whatever...  Just throw it.  Please address all 
projectiles to: AlexLoonies@aol.com.  Remember, I'll never get better unless you 
cheer me on or at least tell me that I suck.  Thank you, gawd bless.
