A Call to Arms
  By Daigo (willrick@triad.quik.com)


Chapter 1



Daigo Kogima ran down the hall of the Royal Jurain Palace avoiding the fire
from his pursuers. He ducked behind a barrel and returned fire. Someone had
set him up. He was being framed and he couldn't prove it. He had to escape
Jurai with his life. As the Juraian guards took cover, Daigo ran to his
ship, the Exator. He ran to the cabin and pressed a few controls.

"Hello Captain," EVA, or Electronic Video Agent, chimed in as it had ever
since its creation, "Leaving already?"

"Yeah, there's been some problems. Hit the ignition thrusters now."

There was a slight delay, then the ship roared to life. Daigo barely had
time to fasten his restraint, before the gigantic cruiser left Jurai's
atmosphere. As he watched the green planet disappear, Daigo sighed. He had
to find out who set him up and stop them.

"EVA," Daigo called on his computer, "Where's the nearest unmarked border of
Jurai's space?"

"The nearest boarder is twenty thousand parsecs from our current location.
At present speed, we should reach it in two days."

"Good, are there any systems once we cross the border?"

"One uncontrolled system is present just over the border. It consists of
nine planets, but only one is inhabited."

"Are the inhabitants space faring?"

"No, their technology is considered primitive compared to Jurai's or the
Galaxy Police."

"So, who controls the planet?"

"There is no controlling body, but two Galaxy Police detectives are
stationed as resident officers on one of the smaller islands."

"Only two? EVA, display their bios."

There was a beep and the picture of a blonde haired girl appeared. Daigo's
curiosity was perked, but he saw no reason why she was a detective. She
looked so air-headed.

"First Class Detective Mihoshi," EVA spoke," She was assigned to Earth after
the elusive space pirate Ryoko disappeared onto the planet's surface. She
graduated last in her class and was barely inducted. One of her teachers
reported that she was everything the Galaxy Police feared in a detective. He
was later killed by an unknown cause."

Another beep was the prelude to another picture appearing on the screen.
This one really rang a bell with Daigo. He would recognize her anywhere.

"First Class Detective Kiyone," EVA beeped," Assigned to Earth with her
partner Mihoshi. Graduated second in her class and was one of two officers
ever to complete the exit exam with a perfect score. I believe you were the
other sir."

Daigo chuckled. Kiyone was a good friend of his. The were in the same class
and were paired together for several operations while still academy cadets.
He was fond of her, but never pursued the relationship deeper than a
professional one.

"After graduating," EVA continued, "Kiyone was abducted by the notorious
criminal organization, FANG, where she spent two years before escaping and
returning to the Galaxy Police. Following her return, the high command
decided it best that she spend time in an easy job to relieve her of the
stress from her abduction. She was partnered with Mihoshi and assigned to
Earth as resident officers."

As EVA concluded her background check on Kiyone, Daigo closed his eyes and
pictured Kiyone in the hands of FANG. If he hadn't mounted a vigilante
operation to rescue her, she would have been killed. He smiled, it would be
nice to meet her again.

*****

The cloaked woman sat alone at the bar waiting. She wasn't sure what to
expect but was surprised when a figure draped in all black appeared at her
table.

"You have failed us constantly," he hissed in his evil voice, "Tell me,
why?"

"I have tried without luck in killing her," she replied, "She's not like
other prey. She's stronger and has powerful allies."

"A space pirate does not have allies, only assets!"

"You don't understand. She's in favor with Jurai royalty."

"I don't care if she's sleeping with the emperor himself. You must kill her.
I have seen her in my visions. She will find the one that will destroy us
all. Your job is to make sure, that doesn't happen. If you fail again, you
will become useless to us. Understand?"

She nodded and stood up. As she made her way to the exit, he put a hand on
her shoulder.

"And Nagi," he hissed in an evil whisper, "Things that are useless are
discarded with the rest of the garbage."

He laughed hysterically and exited the bar. Nagi gulped as Ken-ohki hopped
onto her shoulder. The cabbit meowed pitifully.

"Come on," she said, "We have to find them."

*****

Kiyone leaned back in her chair and sighed loudly. What a boring day. Two
freighters collided and caused a mess in the area around Jupiter. It was
just her luck that both of them were transporting Juraian spice. By the time
a normal cleanup crew arrived, Kiyone was covered in the hot, smelly, dirty
spice. Now, she sat in the command chair of the Yagami and filed her report.
If it didn't reach HQ by a certain time, there would be hell to pay. Once
the report was finished, Kiyone went to her quarters. She disrobed and
entered the sonic shower. The cold water poured over her body and traced the
outline of a scar she had received years ago. It ran from her collar bone to
the middle of her chest. She teared as she traced the scar with her finger.
The very sight of it brought back memories of her torture in the hands of
FANG. She remembered the nights she spent screaming in pain and agony as
they experimented new types of drugs on her. Illegal drugs, it had to be
illegal drugs. She remembered the twisted side effects that caused her to
lose her mind and quiver in the corner of her cell, like a frightened child
calling for their mother. The sonic guns clicked in and began to violently
shake the dirt particles lose from her body. As the small brown specks fell
to her feet, Kiyone had visions of them standing over her twisted and dazed
body. She heard their maniacal laughter and comments while she had cowered
on the floor. They had done everything imaginable to her. Torture,
experiments, beatings, harassment, and even rape. The tears now openly
flowed down Kiyone's cheeks. The memories became so real. She reached for
the support bar, but their laughing grew louder. Soon they were looming over
her again. Kiyone stared into their evil eyes and cried even more. Finally,
she was frightened to the point that her whole body ached. They grabbed her
and pulled her in every direction. The pain became so immense she screamed
for death to take her. The demons laughed louder and pulled her tighter. She
screamed for help and collapsed on the floor.

*****

Mihoshi, Kiyone's partner, heard her partner's cry for help and rushed into
her quarters. She opened the door to the shower and found her lying on the
floor.

"Are you allright?" Mihoshi asked in a concerned tone. It wasn't like Kiyone
to scream out for help and be curled up in the shower floor.

"I'm...I'm fine," Kiyone muttered," I must have slipped....yeah, I slipped."

"Well that's a nasty cut on your head. Let me go get some bandages. Can you
make it to your bed?"

"Yes, I think so. Will you help me up?"

Mihoshi nodded and pulled her partner to her feet. She was awestruck at the
scar on her front. Mihoshi had never seen that scar before. It stood out
like a fly on a bowl of rice. It was the only flaw to her otherwise, perfect
body. Mihoshi decided against asking about it and led Kiyone to her bed.
While Kiyone dressed, Mihoshi went to the infirmary and got some bandages,
which she returned and applied.

"There, all better," Mihoshi announced her finish with a smile.

"Thank you," Kiyone muttered weakly.

"Do you need anything else?"

"No, I just need to rest. Wake me up when we arrive back on Earth, okay?"

"You bet."

Mihoshi stood up and left the room. She walked to the bridge and took her
usual seat. That scar bothered Mihoshi. Why hadn't she seen it before? Where
did Kiyone get it from? The questions piled up while the answers were few
and far between.

*****

Once the Yagami had transported the two detectives into the living room of
the Masaki house, Kiyone collapsed on the couch.

"Man, what a rough day," she groaned.

"I know, that spice is so uncomfortable and not to mention dirty," Mihoshi
agreed, "I think I'll go take a dip in the pool."

Mihoshi pranced off into the bath and Kiyone rubbed her forehead. She yawned
and fell asleep on the couch. She was, suddenly, standing in a garden of
beautiful red roses. She savored the smell and sniffed the air. Where was
she? A shadow appeared on the ground and she turned to find him. He stood
their in all his magnificent glory.

"Daigo," she whispered.

She stared at him, but he didn't move. Kiyone always had feelings for Daigo.
Though, he never seemed to show any interest in her. He was always involved
with his job and they were never able to pursue a more personal
relationship. The closest she had ever gotten to him was when they performed
a sting posing as a married couple. He falsely professed his love for her so
many times to convince listening ears they were legit. She, on the other
hand, professed her true feelings for him every time they were alone, but he
never seemed to care. Kiyone raised a hand and touched his chest. He smiled
and took her hand.

"Daigo," she whispered again.

"Kiyone," he replied.

"I..."

They drew closer....

"love..."

closer...

"you."

There lips met in a long, deep kiss. She knew she was dreaming, but didn't
want the dream to end. It was so magical. Standing there, touching him,
holding him, kissing him. Kiyone broke the kiss and pulled away just enough
so that she could see his eyes.

"I love you too," she whispered.

"Meow!" he replied, happily.

Kiyone snapped awake and found herself inches from Ryo-ohki's face. She
screamed and threw the cabbit into the nearest wall. Kiyone ran into the
bathroom spiting hair out of her mouth. That was possibly the most
disgusting thing she had ever done. She turned on the faucet and the water
poured into her mouth.

Damn cabbit. What the hell does it think it's doing. God, I think I'm gonna
be sick.

After she was sure all the hair was out of her mouth, Kiyone washed up and
prepared for dinner. It was the same as every night. Ryoko would make an
offbeat remark to Tenchi and Ayeka would fly off the handle. They would
argue for a minute, then everyone had to run for cover. Why did Tenchi even
put up with those two? Sometimes, Kiyone felt like she wanted to ram large
metal spikes down both of their throats. At least then, they would shut up.
After the dinner scuffle was over, the entire family settled down in front
of the TV to watch a movie that Nobuyuki rented. This one was called Tales
of a Dove. Kiyone sighed. Nobuyuki always rented love stories to try and get
the girls to pay him some attention. It never worked. After the movie,
Kiyone and Mihoshi left the Masaki residence and traveled back to their
apartment via a boring train ride. During the ride home, Kiyone thought
about the man she had dreamed about. Daigo was her only love. She wanted to
be by his side for so long. She felt safe when he was around her. She didn't
have to construct that invisible barrier of independence that she used when
around Mihoshi or the others. He understood her and she understood him. They
were perfect for each other. He just didn't see that. Kiyone sighed as the
train rolled into the station. She wondered where he could be at that exact
moment. Probably out saving empires from destruction. He got all the breaks.

*****

Daigo sat in the command chair of the Exator and pondered his situation. He
was attending a ceremony on Jurai to commemorate the rise of Jurai's royal
family, when a gunshot echoed through the great hall. He instinctively knew
where it had come from. He rushed to the bedroom of the Emperor and found
him lying dead on the ground with a smoking Galaxy Police pistol lying on
the bed. He had picked up the weapon and was examining it when the Duke and
his guards bursted in. He was immediately blamed and was forced to flee the
planet. He knew the Jurain military would be on his back within a day, so he
tried to escape their jurisdiction as quickly as possible. He just hoped
that they wouldn't negotiate a deal with HQ and cause a galactic manhunt to
begin. He had to hide, and the planet named Earth seemed like the perfect
place to do it. He just hoped Kiyone still trusted him enough to believe his
story.

"Captain, approaching Jurain border," EVA beeped, "A large Jurain battle
group is detected. They wish for us to power down engines. Shall I comply?"

"No," Daigo snapped, "Target the command ship and fire a nebula warhead."

There were beeping sounds and the computer obeyed. Outside the Exator, a
large panel opened in its hull. There was a loud explosion and a missile
flew out of the hole. It rocketed toward the largest of the Juraian ships
and exploded on impact. The explosion destroyed the Juraian fleet and forced
the survivors to scatter. Inside the Exator, Daigo said a brief prayer for
the dead soldiers. When he was done, he watched as the Jurain border
disappeared behind him. It would only be a couple hours until he arrived on
Earth.

*****

Far away from the battle, Nagi watched as the single cruiser destroyed the
entire Juraian fleet.

"Well," Nagi spoke outloud," It seems Captain Kogima has built himself a
rather impressive ship. I honestly didn't think he was going to escape
them."

She chuckled to herself and sat down. He had told her Daigo would lead her
to Ryoko. She had to kill Ryoko to complete her mission. If she didn't, both
her and Ken-ohki would be killed. She sighed and rubbed her temples. Why did
she even get involved with them in the first place? Right, she was young,
nieve, and needed the money. Nagi had rushed into their open arms without
once considering the consequences. Now, she was paying dearly for her
actions. It was hard on her as it was, hunting down people and killing them.
But, could she do it? Could she kill Ryoko, her own flesh and blood?

*****

Kiyone woke to the sounds of rain pouring outside their apartment window.
She rolled onto her back sand listened to the steady beating on the roof.
She loved the rain. It was possibly the most magnificent thing on the Earth.
Kiyone closed her eyes and pictured the rain falling outside. How beautiful
it was. Her trance was broken by the sounds of Mihoshi's clattering in the
kitchen. Kiyone sighed and went to help her partner. She found the blonde
bent over the stove with her face covered in black soot.

"Mihoshi, what happened?" Kiyone asked, partially annoyed.

"I was trying to make you breakfast, but the thing exploded," Mihoshi cried.

She dropped her mittens and leaped into Kiyone's arms. She stood there
crying while Kiyone rubbed her head. It was like having a child for a
partner. At the slightest mishap, Mihoshi would tear up and run to Kiyone
for help.

"It's allright Mihoshi," she comforted her partner, "Come on, let's go out
for breakfast. My treat."

"Really?" Mihoshi sobbed, her tears stopping.

"Yeah, now get dressed and we'll go."

Mihoshi's good mood returned and she ran to her room to get some regular
clothing on. Kiyone pulled her shoes on and went outside. She walked to the
balcony and watched the rain fall. The cool aroma it made delighted her
senses. She smiled and leaned across the railing. What a sight. The cool
water pouring down from the heavens above. Kiyone turned her head and saw a
man dressed in a black shirt with blue trimmings approaching her. He wore
black pants with black boots and had short brown hair. He didn't say
anything until he was no less than a foot away from her.

"Detective Kiyone?" he asked.

"Yes, who are you?" she answered him.

"You mean you don't recognize me."

"I'm sorry, I don't. Who are you?"
"Kiyone, it's me, Daigo."

"Daigo! Oh god, it is you. How are you doing?"
"I'm fine, and how about you? Defending this planet from intergalactic
crime."

"More like defending it from collisions and engine trouble."

Kiyone placed an arm around him and hugged him tight. It was so good to
finally see him again.

*****

Daigo stood there while Kiyone hugged him. She was more beautiful then last
time he had seen her. Her hair was about three inches longer and she looked
more mature. He was amazed at how she had grown.

"So," she said," What are you doing here? Don't you have an important job to
do or something?"

"No, I just got some leave time and thought I'd look you up."

He was lying, he knew he was lying. He just couldn't let Kiyone know he was
lying. He wanted her help, but he didn't want her involved. It would be a
shame to pull her down the sinkhole with him.

"Hey, Daigo," Kiyone said, "Do you want to come to breakfast with Mihoshi
and me?"

"Sure," he wasn't ready to begin proving himself innocent and it wouldn't
hurt to spend a little time with an old academy buddy.

They stood on the balcony watching the rain fall until Mihoshi was ready to
go. Kiyone introduced him and they went off. Daigo had never been on Earth
before. It was quite elegant for such a primitive race.

Chapter 2



Daigo sat in the booth of the small diner and watched Mihoshi and Kiyone
scarf down their breakfast. He sipped at his coffee and watched the rain
stop falling outside.

"Daigo," Kiyone whispered into his ear, "You're hiding something."

"What makes you say that?"

"I've known you for ten years. I can tell when you're hiding something. Now
come on, what happened?"

"I can't talk about it in public. Mihoshi."

The blonde detective looked up from her bowl.

"Can you go sit somewhere else?" he asked, trying to be polite," I have some
classified matters to discuss with Kiyone."

Mihoshi looked crushed, but a sneer from Kiyone and she scurried outside.

"Now, what is it?" Kiyone asked, "Are you in any trouble?"

"Yes," he replied. He sat there for a minute letting the information sink in
before continuing, "Something happened on Jurai. The emperor was
assassinated and I was stuck with the blame."

"God, did you?"

"No, I was there as an ambassador for the Galaxy Police when the
assassination took place. Someone is trying to overthrow Jurai's family or
they want me out of the way for something."

"Who could be doing this?"

"I don't know. Kiyone," he stared deep into her blue eyes, "There's no one I
can trust at HQ or on Jurai. I need someone who can help me. You're that
person I hope."

He watched as she thought about what he had told her. He sighed and sipped
at his coffee. She would probably oust him and he'd have to find a way to
prove his innocence alone. Surprisingly, she put her hand on his.

"I believe you," she said, a look of deep concern and trust in her eyes.

"Thank you," he replied.

He stroked her hair then returned to his breakfast. Kiyone stood up and
fetched Mihoshi. She returned and they finished eating. Despite his doubts,
Kiyone had covered up the fact she was visibly shaken from what he had told
her and was laughing and joking like nothing happened. After breakfast, the
two detectives took him to the train station and they boarded the gigantic
car that rested on narrow tracks.

"Where are we going?" he asked Kiyone as the train pulled out of the
station.

"We have some friends that live out in the country," she answered him with a
warm smile, "I think you would like to meet them. They could help you."

"I don't know. If too many people find out I'm here the you all could be in
trouble."

"That's a risk I'm willing to take. And I think that they all would be
willing to take it too."

Daigo nodded and watched the scenery pass by. The bustling city and its
gigantic buildings gave way to small living quarters. They eventually gave
way to acres of forest. The rural area was nicer than he had ever imagined.
The beauty of the forests rivaled the ones on Jurai. Daigo watched the trees
in silence until the train came to a stop. They all exited and began walking
down the road.

"Their house is not far from here," Mihoshi chimed in.

"Who is it exactly we're going to see?" Daigo asked they approached the two
story house.

"Oh, no one special," Kiyone said in a sarcastic tone, "Just the crown
prince of Jurai and his friends."

*****

Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka and Washu were watching the intergalactic television
after breakfast. Sasami had prepared and American dish of bacon and eggs
with french toast. When they were finished, Sasami went about clearing the
table while the others watched Washu's latest invention. The tiny scientist
had built a satellite so powerful, they could get shows from Jurai.

"I have to say Washu," Tenchi exclaimed, "This new satellite is amazing."

"Thank you Tenchi," Washu accepted the compliment

they were watching Jurai's equivalent to a gameshow when the screen changed
to a man sitting behind a desk. The man looked to be a news reporter and
began shuffling his papers. The gang was silent as he spoke.

"We're sorry to interrupt your regular program," he apologized, before
beginning his report, "But a terrible tragedy has happened on Jurai. At
nine-thirty two days ago, Emperor Azusa was assassinated."

Ayeka burst into tears. She cried heavily and leaned on Tenchi's shoulder.
Ryoko saw she was in great pain and didn't protest. Tenchi said a silent
blessing to the pirate before returning his attention to the screen.

"The Duke of Jurai reported hearing a gunshot from the emperor's room. When
he arrived he found this man, Daigo Kogima, holding the smoking weapon which
killed Azusa."

A picture of a man in a Galaxy Police uniform similar to Mihoshi's and
Kiyone's appeared on the screen. He looked tough, but honest. Tenchi had
some doubts about the report. Daigo didn't look the part of an assassin.

"Captain Kogima was a former member of the Galaxy Police SITS (Special
Intelligence and Tactical Service) and is believe to be hiding in an unknown
area outside of Jurai's military borders. The Galaxy Police have issued a
statement regarding this urgent situation."

The screen changed to a picture of the Galaxy Police Supreme Commander.

"We at the Galaxy Police are awestruck by Captain Kogima's actions," the
commander read from a sheet of paper, "All of our cadets are trained to do
the right thing in a time of crisis, but alas, Captain Kogima has betrayed
our code. We shall cooperate with Jurai's military to bring this criminal to
justice."

The commander disappeared and the news anchor appeared again.

"Jurai's military has reason to believe that Kogima is armed and warns all
civilians to avoid him at all costs."

Tenchi couldn't expose Ayeka to more of the news. He picked up the remote
and turned the TV off. Washu helped Ayeka up to her room while Tenchi and
Ryoko sat alone on the couch.

"That's horrible," Ryoko said, "I have my fights with Ayeka, but I'd never
want anything that bad to happen to her."

"I know you don't Ryoko," Tenchi replied, "You're not that kind of person."

"There's something else that makes me worry, Tenchi."

"What?"

"When Kiyone arrived on Earth, I helped her unpack her stuff when they moved
into their apartment and I found a picture of Kiyone standing with that guy
from the news report. When I asked her about it, she blushed and wouldn't
answer me. Tenchi, I think they were romantically involved."

"No way, Kiyone and a criminal. It doesn't make sense."

"I know it doesn't, but we have to talk to her anyway."

As soon as the words left Ryoko's mouth the door opened and Kiyone entered.
She was followed by Mihoshi.

"Hey guys, what's up?" Mihoshi said cheerfully.

Tenchi stood up and approached Kiyone. When he drew close to her, he could
see a third person standing behind them. Tenchi gasped as Daigo entered the
house.

*****

It was a short time later and Kiyone still couldn't believe what she was
hearing. Of course Daigo had told her his side of the story, but she was
having a hard time grasping it coming from Tenchi and Ryoko. They were all
seated at the kitchen table, except for Daigo, who was leaning against the
wall with his arms crossed.

"Okay, let me get this straight," Ryoko said," You're expecting us to
believe that Daigo didn't kill Azusa just because he's your old boyfriend."

"He's not my boyfriend!" Kiyone yelled, "He's an old buddy from the academy
and I trust his word fully. Now are you going to help us or not."

"I'm sorry, I can't," Ryoko said, "I don't know what's going on anymore. I'm
not taking a side."

"What about you Tenchi?" Kiyone asked, trying her best sympathetic tone.

"I'm sorry Kiyone, but if I helped you, Ayeka would never forgive me."

Kiyone put her hands on her face. So much for her friends helping her. It
looked like it would be just the three of them. She sighed and stood up.
They had to get going before Jurai's military arrived and started making
trouble.

"Come on," she said, "We have to go."

Tenchi and Ryoko stared at each other as the three left the kitchen. Kiyone
seemed awfully quick to trust him, but what if he was he lying to her? If he
was, both Kiyone and Mihoshi would be in serious trouble.

*****

The earth loomed like a glass sphere ahead of Ken-ohki. Long before their
arrival, Nagi decided she would have to convince Ryoko and the others to
trust her enough to help her find Daigo. She knew Daigo was innocent. Her
former boss was out to destroy the Galaxy Police and Jurai's Royal family,
and he was using every dirty trick imaginable to do it. If she didn't find
Daigo quick, then he most certainly would be doomed. But, what about Ryoko?
Could Nagi convince her to trust her. Ryoko would most likely be against
helping Nagi and therefore, the others would be against it as well. Nagi
threw her cloak over her shoulder as she prepared to enter Earth's
atmosphere.

*****

Ryoko and Ryo-ohki stood on the roof of Tenchi's house and watched the
Galaxy Police cruiser Exator fly into the noon sun. They were leaving, and
Ryoko felt bad about what she had said and done to Kiyone. She knew that if
she ever needed help, Kiyone and the others would be there for her. But she
was selfish, she was so tied up in staying with Tenchi that she tossed
Kiyone to the curb and forced her to leave on her own. Suddenly, Ryo-ohki's
ears perked up and the cabbit dashed down the side of the house and into the
forest. Ryoko, stunned at the cabbit's actions gave chase. She found
Ryo-ohki in the company of someone she wasn't expecting. The small brown
cabbit was nestled up on a rock with a larger white one by her side. Ryoko's
eyes bent inwards as she formed her energy sword. It was all she needed now,
Nagi was here to kill her. She didn't have time to waste with the bounty
hunter. There were more important matters that had to be tended to.

"You can put away your sword," Nagi called from the edge of the forest, "I'm
not here to fight you."

"That's a first," Ryoko scowled as the bounty hunter showed herself, "Well,
the why are you here?"

"I came to seek your help Ryoko."

"My help, what could you need my help with?"

"First I have to tell you a story."

Ryoko was perked at the way Nagi was acting. It wasn't like her. She seemed
to be trying to get along with her.

"It all started eleven years ago..." Nagi began.

*****

A younger, more energetic Nagi walked down the street of some broken down
hood. She had gotten lost and wandered into the ghetto by mistake. She
turned a corner and heard screams come from inside one of the condemned
buildings. Nagi, interested in where the scream had come from, tore a piece
of wood off the shattered door and crawled inside. She listened to the
screams and tried to pinpoint where they were coming from. She knew it was a
woman and knew she was in trouble. Nagi hid in the shadows and crawled to an
area that was dimly lit by a single light hanging above a group of three
men. Nagi maneuvered to an area where she could see what they were doing.
Nagi gasped as she saw a man on the floor having his way with the young
woman. She cried out for help again. Nagi wanted to do something, but she
was frozen with terror. Once the man was through, he pulled his pants up and
slapped the woman.

"Don't scream next time, bitch." he said, then pulled out a pocket knife.

Nagi gasped in horror as he cut a long cut from her collar bone to the
middle of her chest. The woman screamed, but her assailant slapped her again
and again until she passed out unconscious.

"I told you not to scream," he instructed with a kick to the woman's ribs.

Nagi turned to leave, but one of the men spotted her. She tried to run, but
he tackled her to the ground.

"Look guys," he called to his comrades, "Another pretty piece of flesh.
Let's take her with us too."

Nagi was bound hand and foot and was carried out of the building, while
another one of them carried the unconscious woman by her hair. Tears flooded
out of Nagi's eyes as she watched the woman being dragged behind one of the
men.

*****

"Ever since then, I was a tool for them to use. They treated me like a
commodity and I did their dirty work," Nagi finished her story.

"Nagi," Ryoko muttered, almost in tears," I had no idea."

"They said if I didn't do what they said, then they'd kill my parents. I
obeyed, but they killed them anyway. They told me if I didn't keep
cooperating, they'd kill the rest of my family."

"I'm sorry Nagi, I know how you feel. My parents were killed when I was a
teenager."

"Of course they were." Nagi interjected in he usual serious tone, "They were
mine also."

"What!?"

"Ryoko, you're my younger sister."

Ryoko took a step back. Nagi had just said she was her sister. Ryoko pinched
herself to make sure this wasn't some type of nightmare. Once she was
convinced she was awake, she sat down on the grass.

"If you're my sister," she said, "Prove it."

Nagi sighed and pulled a picture out of her cloak. She handed it to Ryoko
who studied it carefully. She saw her younger self in the arms of her
mother. Her mother was a beautiful woman. She had long cyan hair that was in
the same style as Kiyone's. Beside her was Ryoko's father. Ryoko didn't know
much about him, except for what her mother had told her. She said that he
died after Ryoko was born. Standing in front of her father was a younger
Nagi. She looked to be about three years older than Ryoko in the picture.

"Where did you get this?" she asked Nagi.

"I had it with me since dad died. It's the only way I remember him."

A tear formed on Ryoko's cheek and rolled down her face. She never knew any
family outside of her mother. Now, her arch-rival had shown up with proof
that they were related. It was all to confusing. Nagi sat down next to Ryoko
and put a hand on her shoulder.

"I know this is hard for you to take in, but you must." she said.

"Nagi," Ryoko sobbed, "Tell me something."

"Okay, what?"

"If you're my sister, why have you been trying to kill me?"

"They told me that you were the one foretold that would find the man who
would destroy them. I was told to hunt you down and kill you. I agreed but I
would never kill you. Why do you think you always got away? If I wanted you
dead, I'd have already done it."

"Nagi, it's strange," Ryoko was weeping fully now, "But I believe you."

"I'm glad you do. And Ryoko."

"Yes."

"That girl I saw being raped."

"What about her?"

"You know her."

Ryoko was stunned. Who could it be? Could it have been someone she crossed
paths with in the past? Was it an old rival?

"I don't know what you're talking about," Ryoko insisted, "I don't know
anyone who was ever raped."

"Ryoko," Nagi said, barely able to hold her composure together, "It was
Kiyone."

*****

Kiyone sat in the copilot chair of the Exator and watched as Daigo piloted
his ship with ease. He hadn't told her where they were going. She trusted
him and believed in his decisions. Even though once, she was almost killed.
Kiyone put her hands on her head as the pressure built inside of her. The
visions of her captivity flooded into her mind and she collapsed onto the
floor. Daigo saw her fall and put the ship on auto-pilot. He kneeled by her
side.

"Kiyone," he cried, concerned for her condition, "Kiyone!"

Kiyone screamed again. The memories were to painful. They pierced her mind
like razor sharp daggers and cut her mind to ribbons. It hurt so bad.

"Oh god!" she screamed, the torture eating at her sanity,"God! Leave me
alone!"

Daigo shook her violently, but she still didn't respond to him. He slapped
her across the face and she regained her composure. At the impact of his
hand, the visions disappeared. She looked around and saw him holding her
body. She was covered in a cold sweat. It hurt her so much to break down
like that in front of him. Kiyone was flooded with emotions. He had saved
her. Just like he had those years ago.

"Are you allright?" he asked, pulling her to her feet.

"I'm fine," she replied, "I'm sorry."

"It was those visions again, right?"

She nodded pitifully. He knew that she would have constant flashbacks of her
captivity and they would cause her to freak out. Daigo was so concerned for
her, but Kiyone never accepted his sympathy. She thought it made her look
weak in his eyes. She wanted him to think she was strong.

"Kiyone," he said, interrupting her train of thought, "Come with me."

He took her hand and led her from the bridge to his quarters. Kiyone had
never been in them before. His bed was a mess. It probably hadn't been made
in a couple of days. He led her to it and sat her down.

"Here, lie down. Get some rest," he instructed her.

Daigo pulled the covers over her and she smiled in gratitude. He stroked her
long, teal hair then left the room. She watched the metal door shut, then
rolled onto her other side. Once she was sure he had left, she wept openly.
She wanted to impress him. She wanted to show him how much she had matured,
but even before they got to where they were going, she had lost it. Kiyone
sobbed into the white pillow and pulled the cover over her head.

God, I am such a wreck. He knows it and probably wants me to stay behind.

Kiyone poked her head out from under the covers and saw a peculiar sight. On
the desk next to the bed, rested a picture that made Kiyone smiled. It was
from their graduation day at the academy. They were both dressed in their
formal uniforms and were covered in medals. Kiyone smiled again. It was the
only time they had ever kissed for real. Kiyone couldn't thank the
supervisor enough for capturing that moment on film. She reached in her
pocket and pulled out an exact copy of the picture. She sat it next to its
framed cousin and pulled the covers back over her head.

*****

Daigo returned to the bridge and found Mihoshi searching around frantically.
She seemed to have the look of ungodly fear on her face.

"Mihoshi, what's wrong?" he asked the blonde ditz.

"I left my toothbrush at home!" she wailed.

"That's no reason to be scared to death."

"Uh huh, when Kiyone finds out, she'll yell at me like she always does."

"Does she yell at you a lot?"

Mihoshi nodded pitifully. Daigo rubbed his chin.

"Mihoshi, let me explain something to you," he began,"Will you sit down?"

She nodded and sat down in the copilot chair.

"Does Kiyone ever talk about her past with you?" he asked.

"No," Mihoshi replied, "We rarely talk about ourselves."

"I figured as much. Mihoshi, what I'm about to tell you will change the way
you look at Kiyone forever. Try not to overreact."

Daigo sat in his chair and rubbed his temples. If Kiyone found out about
this, she'd never forgive him.

"Kiyone was in my class at the academy," he began, "We were good friends,
but we never dated. Shortly after our graduation, Kiyone was kidnapped from
her squad car and was taken into the criminal organization FANG. While she
was their captive, they tested all types of illegal drugs on her. Do you
know the drug Boomer?"

"Yeah," Mihoshi answered, "It's supposed to make you feel like you're
invincible."

"It does now. When they injected the first test vial of the stuff into
Kiyone, she flipped. For two weeks she was a raving lunatic. FANG's
scientists didn't care though, they developed new alternatives of it and
continued their experiments."

"God," Mihoshi almost choked,"Was she allright?"
"For the most part, no. They hooked her on an early type of Boomers and
forced her to entertain them. She was brutally beaten and raped."

Mihoshi choked again. Daigo turned his head as she threw up in the floor.

"I'm sorry," she apologized, "I should clean that up."

"Don't worry about it," he rubbed a hand through his hair, "Do you want to
hear the rest of the story? You don't have to. I won't force you to listen."

"No, please go ahead. I think it's my duty to know."

"Okay. Well, after they had their fun with her for two years, they decided
to kill her. It was no use having a drugged up cop hanging around. So, they
took her out and were going to kill her. If I hadn't had shown up at the
last second, she wouldn't be here today. Once I got her back to HQ, she was
admitted to a psychiatric ward for three years where they washed the drugs
and the memories out of her. One thing they couldn't get rid of was a scar
that ran from her collarbone to her chest. Has she ever shown it to you,
Mihoshi?"

"No, but I've seen it. The other day, she fell in the shower and I saw it
when I went to help her."

"Yes, she doesn't show it to many people. Most of her closest friends don't
even know about it. Anyway, after they had gotten her out of rehab, she was
assigned to this part of the galaxy. That's when she met you. Did the high
command give you any information about her past?"

"No, they did tell me that she had problems after her graduation and that I
should try to be careful around her."

"Yes, since rehab, Kiyone's been a bit edgy. If you had known her before the
incident, you two would probably make the best of friends."

Mihoshi smiled and leaned back in the chair. There was a beeping noise
following a screen appearing.

"Captain," EVA beeped, "The Yagami is approaching us at full speed. I am
receiving a hail from the vessel."

"Patch it through," Daigo ordered.

EVA beeped in conformation and another screen appeared. This one was of the
boy named Tenchi. He seemed to be very concerned, but also, very
concentrated.

"Where's Mihoshi and Kiyone?" he asked.

"Mihoshi's sitting right here and Kiyone's asleep," he replied.

Tenchi sighed in relief.

"I'm not going to hurt them," Daigo assured him, "I just need their help."

"Look," Tenchi paused for a minute, "I don't know what happened on Jurai,
but I trust Kiyone. If she trusts you, then you have our support."

"But what about your lady friend. She didn't seem to want to help me."

"Ryoko's got her own problem, but the rest of us are behind you. I am
requesting docking permission, so we can finish this conversation in
person."

"Of course, I'll cut my engines now."

Tenchi's image disappeared on the screen and Daigo powered his engines down.
With any luck, he wouldn't have a problem catching his framer now.

*****

He sat alone aboard his ship. She had betrayed them and was now helping
Ryoko. He cursed under his breath and spat at the floor. A young officer
approached his chair.

"Have you located the Exator?" he asked the officer.

"Yes sir," It is idle outside of Jurai space. We've also located the space
cruiser Yagami on its tail."

"Yagami? Why the hell would I care about a GP cruiser?"

"Sir, I think you would be interested to know that it is registered to one
Kiyone Makibi."

He spun around to face the officer. He blinked his eyes and the officer was
disintegrated. The now empty uniform fell to the ground.

"You're not the one that should be doing the thinking. But yes, I am
interested."

He leaned back in his chair. Kiyone. He hadn't seen her since she was the
test subject for his most popular selling drug. It would be nice to meet up
with her again. Perhaps he could try some new formulas on her. Her reaction
when he tested the Boomers delighted him. He smiled an evil smile as he
remembered watching the cowering girl huddle in the corner of her cell. He
remembered the blood running down her cheek as he had beaten her for trying
to escape. He had tasted the blood and it tasted sweet. Yes, it would be
good to see her again.

Chapter 3

Daigo sat at the table while Tenchi eyed him carefully from the corner.
Across the table sat two cyan haired women who claimed to be sisters. Ryoko,
he had met before at Tenchi's house appeared to be the younger of the two.
But, he didn't know who the other one was. She resembled Ryoko in every way.
Except for the war paint on her chin.

"First, let me introduce myself," the woman began, "My name is Nagi. I'm an
ex-bounty hunter and former operative of the organization FANG."

"FANG!?" he was caught a little off guard, "Then what the hell are you doing
here? There's a woman asleep back there that you and your buddies beat on
for six years. I've got half a mind to kill you now!"

"Please, listen. I know who set you up. It was FANG. You dealt a blow to the
organization when you infiltrated it. They have been looking for a way to
get rid of you ever since."

"And the emperor of Jurai's assassination was the perfect cover, right?"

"Yes, but they also are trying to gain control of Jurai sat the same time.
It's like killing two birds with one stone."

Daigo cursed himself. This woman had to be legit. She had the evil, cold
eyes that all of FANG's operatives had. Although he hated the situation, he
had to trust her.

"Allright," he said, "I'll go along with what you told me. So, where should
we go to prove they killed Azusa."

"Jurai. The leader of FANG is the Duke of Jurai. His real name is Krysler."

"Krysler!? You mean the space warlord that almost destroyed the Galaxy
Police twenty years ago?"

"The one and only," Nagi continued, "After his attempt was foiled, he had
his face altered and pulled his strings. After a year of work, he was named
Duke of Jurai."

"But the Duke's the supreme commander of the military."

"Then what better place to hide yourself."

As Nagi finished, Daigo stood up. Krysler, that bastard was back and was out
to get him. He had to be stopped. Daigo had to stop him before he killed
anyone else, or hurt them. He had to stop him before he hurt Kiyone, again.

*****

The teal haired detective woke some time later. She yawned and then went to
the sonic shower. It was an exact replica of the one aboard the Yagami. She
undressed and turned the machine on. It went through its normal routine and
cleaned her entire body. Once it was done, Kiyone dried off and wrapped a
towel around her. It was only Daigo and Mihoshi on the ship and both of them
had seen her naked before. She pushed a button and the door opened into the
hallway. She walked to her quarters, but on the way, she stopped and stared
out the port window. She gasped as the Yagami loomed on the other side of
the glass. That could only mean the others were on board. She ran as fast as
she could to her quarters. Once she was safely inside its metal hull, she
dropped the towel and began to rummage through her stuff for some clothes to
wear. While she was searching, the door hissed open. Kiyone turned to find
Daigo standing there. Once he noticed she was nude, he turned his back.

"I'm sorry," he apologized, "I thought you were still asleep."

Kiyone blushed and pulled a pair of pants and a shirt on.

"It's okay," she replied, "It's not like you haven't seen me before."

"Yeah, but..." he tried to say turning back around.

She walked over to him and put a finger on his lips. What was she doing?
Last time she tried this, he handcuffed her and left her alone in her room
for three days. Oh well, she was already touching him.

"What are you doing?" he asked as she rubbed his chest.

"I'm trying to get you to make love to me," she answered rubbing, his left
bicep

"Do you remember what happened last time?"

She jerked away as he reached for his cuffs. She blushed as he left the
room. The door shut and she was alone again. She fell back on her bed and
stared at the ceiling. Who was she kidding? She had been violated so many
times, he wouldn't enjoy it. A tear came to Kiyone's eye and she rubbed a
hand through her long teal hair. Didn't he at least find her attractive?

*****

Daigo kicked the wall of the Exator's kitchen.

Damn it. What the hell was she thinking? Offering herself to me like that.

Of course he liked her. But as a friend. He had never thought about pursuing
their relationship deeper. He filled his cup with beer and sat down. A short
time later, Ryoko entered the room and sat down across from him.

"What's up?" she asked casually.

"Nothing," he replied.

Daigo looked at Ryoko and wondered if she could help him. She was an
attractive woman and probably knew a lot about what Kiyone was like when he
wasn't around.

"Ryoko, can I ask you something?"

"Sure."

"You've been friends with Kiyone for a long time now, right?"

"Yeah, about three years."

"What's she like. All the times I've been with her, she's acted so caught up
with impressing me, she never shows much of her true side."

"Well, she's a real nice person. She's a little too concerned about her work
though."

Like I said, trying to impress me, if I ever visited.

"But, when she's not working or yelling at Mihoshi, she's a ton of fun being
around. And she's a really great karaoke singer."

"Karaoke, Kiyone? No way."

"I'm not lying, you should hear her. She's great."

Daigo rubbed his chin. Perhaps that was a way to get her to be more open
with him. He'd have to think more about that.

"Daigo," Ryoko said, "Why are you asking me this? Do you have an interest in
her?"

"Sort of. We're like siblings. I've always looked out for her."

"Really, anything more?"

Daigo could see where this was heading. She was trying to get an inside
scoop to run and tell her friends.

"No."

He stood up and left. Daigo walked to his quarters and sat on his bed. The
reality suddenly kicked in. He was the most wanted man in the galaxy. Not
only did he have to prove himself innocent, but he had to help heal Kiyone's
emotional wounds. He fell on his back and looked at the picture on his
table. Kiyone looked so beautiful then. He remembered the day that photo was
taken. His buddies had convinced him to pose in a kiss with her and he did
it. He couldn't convince himself to tell her he didn't mean it. It would
hurt her more than her flashbacks. He perked an eyebrow as he spotted a
crumpled photo next to the picture. It was the same picture. He turned it
over to the back and read its message

Daigo, my one true love. I'll always be yours. You just have to ask.

He smiled and folded the picture up neatly. He knew what he had to do now.

*****

Ryoko ad Nagi sat in the kitchen eating dinner. Ryoko stared at her sister
while she ate her dinner.

"Ryoko, is their something you want to ask me?" Nagi said suddenly, not
looking away from her meal.

"I want to know why FANG wants me dead so much."

"There is a legend in the ranks of FANG. It says that a woman shall find a
man strong enough to overpower Krysler and destroy the organization. They
believe you're that woman."

"But then that means....Tenchi."

"Right, apparently, Krysler found out about the incident involving Kagato.
Your man is pretty strong."

"Well, he's no exactly mine yet."

"You mean you're not together?"

Ryoko nodded.

"I find that hard to believe. When I kidnapped him, all he did was cry out
for your help. I think he likes you."

"Really!"

Ryoko's eyes gleamed with happiness. Could Tenchi really love her?

*****

"Sir," the young officer called, "Two minutes until our destination."

He sat in the command chair and watched as the speck on the screen grew
larger. He had finally tracked them down. Once he destroyed Daigo he could
procedee with his plan. It was only by the gods that a Galaxy Police cruiser
was also their. That would make it easier then having to go out and hunt one
down.

"Sir," the officer said," We're within firing range."

"Good," he replied, "Destroy them all."

*****

Alarms blared throughout the Exator as Daigo ran to the bridge. They were
under attack. Krysler had found them. Once he got to the bridge, he powered
the ship up.

"Sir, two Juraian cruisers have fired on us," EVA informed him.

"Power up the argon lasers," he ordered, "Return fire at will."

There were some beeping sounds that confirmed the order. Seconds later, the
Exator's weapon systems powered up and fired at the Jurain vessels. The were
hit but seemed undamaged.

"Shields at fifty percent," EVA informed him.

Daigo punched a few commands on the control panel and a large tube extended
out from the Exator. It continued until it connected with the Yagami. He
typed a few commands and the shield gauge was reenergized.

"EVA! Get us out of here!" Daigo yelled.

The ships engines roared to life and it rocketed away from the battle. It
left the two Juraian cruisers far behind. A moment later, Tenchi bursted
into the bridge.

"What happened!?"

"We came under attack. I took Yagami's extra energy and escaped. I hope all
of you were on board."

"You did what!? How can you do that?"

"Look," he stood up and grabbed Tenchi's collar, "Would you rather I stay
behind and get killed."

He released Tenchi and the boy stumbled back. Daigo sat back down and began
to check on the damage. The engine was drained. They had to land before they
ran out of full. He also need to repair the shield generator.

"EVA, is there a docking station where we could begin repairs nearby?"

"No, the nearest docking station on full alert. If we try to dock, we will
be attacked again."

"Well, is there anywhere where we can make repairs to our ship?"

"There is an uncontrolled planet nearby. However, it is a spaceport for
pirates and criminals."

"It'll have to do. Set a course."
The computer beeped and the Exator lurched forward.

*****

Kiyone looked out the window as the Exator landed on the planet's surface.
Cirelia five was a haven for the scum of the universe. Why did they decide
to stop here? If anyone found out they were Galaxy Police, they would have
more problems then she wanted. There was a loud thud as the ship touched
down. Kiyone put her weapon in her pants and walked to the docking bay.
Daigo, Tenchi, Ryoko and Nagi were waiting for her.

"Ready to go?" Tenchi asked.

She nodded and they set out. The two suns above bared down and Kiyone wiped
her brow. The entire planet was desert except for the one gigantic ocean
that was on the other side of the planet. Kiyone squinted her eyes and made
out a settlement.

"Mara Sara," Nagi said, "It's one of two settlements here. You all should
watch yourselves."

Kiyone checked her weapon to make sure it was loaded. Once she finished
inspecting it, she put it back in her pants. She pulled her vest over the
weapon so that it couldn't be seen. Daigo put a hand on her shoulder and she
stopped.

"Are you allright?" he asked.

"I'm fine," she replied.

"Then you're coming with me to find some weapons."

"Weapons?"

"Yes, you can't go storming Jurai's military without weapons. Tenchi, we'll
meet you and the girls back here in two hours."

Tenchi nodded and him, Ryoko, and Nagi went looking for fuel and replacement
parts. Kiyone and Daigo went off in the opposite direction. The settlement
was alive with people. There were vendors galore selling everything from
exotic fruit to drugs. Kiyone shuddered as they passed a man making a
transaction of Boomers with two teenagers. Kiyone's mood darkened. She
fought to save people like those teenagers, but it seemed to be a losing
battle. She remembered having to cleanup a drug overdose. She remembered all
the wasted youth. The souls deprived of nourishment, but reinforced with the
drugs she had a part in creating and perfecting. Of course, she didn't have
a choice in helping, but it made her feel bad to see the children and
teenagers dying from the overdoses. They turned a corner and Daigo led her
inside a small shop. She looked around at all the ship parts resting on the
shelves. Most of them were probably stolen from stranded ships. Daigo
approached the man behind the counter and engaged in a conversation.

"Greetings stranger," the keeper said, "What can I do for you?"

"I'm looking for Galaxy Police weaponry," Daigo replied.

"GP weapons. I don't think I can get those."

Kiyone walked up next to him and he pulled out a wad of Jurai money. He
placed it on the counter and the keeper's eyes grew wide with delight.

"But, I could have a few left in the back. Care to take a look?"

He led them to the back. Kiyone sighed. It was the same everywhere. Anybody
could get anything with the right amount of money. As they entered a large
room, Kiyone gasped at the amount of weapons stockpiled. There were enough
to wage war with.

"Here's all I got," the keeper said, "Take a look around."

Daigo nodded and began inspecting a rifle. Kiyone walked over to a bin and
inspected a large rifle. It was a Galaxy Police standard issue riot control
gun. One round from the gun could disable anything less then eight hundred
pounds. While she was looking around, she didn't notice the shopkeeper
standing behind her. She turned around to find him holding a small black
box.

"You look like the type of woman who knows how to party," he said handing
her the box, "Every had any of this?"

Kiyone opened the box to find a needle with Boomers inside. That was all
that was needed to trigger her memories. As the mental clamps bent down on
her mind, she screamed and fell to the ground.

*****

Daigo turned when he heard her scream. He saw her shivering on the floor
with a confused shopkeeper standing over her. Daigo cursed silently and
removed a rifle from the shelf. He turned the safety off and fired at the
shopkeeper. He was killed instantly by the blast. Daigo walked over to the
convulsing Kiyone and knelt beside her.

"Kiyone, can you hear me?" he asked, trying to stay calm.

"Ye....Yes," she replied weakly.

"Are you okay? Do you need to go back to the ship?"

Kiyone shook her head a little as the convulsions died down. Daigo grabbed
two of the boxes filled with weapons and put them on the hover car he
spotted outside. He walked back inside and saw Kiyone with her gun in her
mouth. He froze as the tears rolled down her cheeks.

"I'll do it," she threatened, "Don't come any closer."

"Kiyone! What are you doing!? Put that gun down!"

"No, I can't take it anymore. These memories are to painful, I have to end
them one way or another."

"Kiyone, don't do this! There are other ways. I can help you."

"Why? No one ever helped me before. I've always had to do everything on my
own. Tell me, why do you want to help me? Because I'm your old academy
buddy?"

"No," he replied weakly.

A tear came to his eye. He couldn't believe Kiyone was about to do this. He
had sworn to protect her, but she was about to take her own life. He
couldn't allow this. He had to stop her. Why? Because....because....because
he loved her. He had just realized it, but her loved her. He knew he hadn't
shown it in the past, but he loved her. All this time, he had bottled his
emotions and feelings for her up, but he knew he had to face them. If he
didn't, he could lose her.

"Kiyone, you can't do this. Think about the people you'd leave behind, like
Mihoshi or Tenchi."

"Why would they miss me? I don't love them and they don't love me."

"Kiyone," he stuttered, "I love you."

She jolted and the gun slipped from her mouth. Her tears flowed openly as it
fell to the ground. She collapsed to her knees and he ran to her. He threw
his arms around her and kissed her forehead.

"Oh God Kiyone," he pleaded, "Don't ever do something like that again. I
thought I was going to lose you."

She was sobbing openly, but she clinged to him. They didn't speak for a good
fifteen minutes. They just sat here holding each other. After a while,
Daigo's watched beep. He looked at it and saw they had to be back at the
ship in ten minutes.

"Come on," he whispered to Kiyone, "We have to get back to the ship."

She nodded and he helped her to her feet. They loaded some more weapons onto
the hover car and he climbed in the driver's side. Kiyone got in the
passenger's side. Daigo turned the car on and they sped out into the desert
afternoon. As they flew, Daigo felt her slip her hand into his. He closed
his fingers around hers and smiled. He would never leave her again. She
meant to much to him. Back at the ship, EVA finished the repairs and beeped
to inform Daigo. He nodded and reclined in the pilot's chair. Beside him,
Kiyone watched as the ship rocketed off the ground.

"Sir, you should see this," EVA chimed.

A screen appeared and the Duke of Jurai was reading a statement.

"Citizens of Jurai," he spoke in a calm manner, "Today, the Galaxy Police
cruiser Yagami attacked our forces out to apprehend the criminal Daigo
Kogima."

The screen changed to a video of the Yagami attacking two Juraian cruisers
before being destroyed. Kiyone gasped but Daigo put a hand on her shoulder.

"I'm sorry, there was nothing we could do."

"This incident has proven beyond a doubt that the Galaxy Police are behind
our emperor's death. After speaking with the supreme council, I, the Duke of
Jurai, have been granted a declaration of war against the Galaxy Police."

Daigo turned the screen off. So that's what Krysler wanted. He wanted a war
with the GP. He wasn't personally out to get him.

"Daigo," Kiyone whispered, taking his hand, "Daigo, this is the end, isn't
it."

"No, my Kiyone, it's only the beginning."

*****

Somewhere deep in Jurai space, the entire Jurai military was preparing to
embark on the greatest war the galaxy would ever see.

Chapter 4

Deep in outer space a lone ship floats idle. It is large and black. It's not
registered with either of the two major powers of the known universe.
However, the occupants of the ship are fighting to return things to normal
in the universe. Aboard the ship, Daigo Kogima sat in the command chair and
reviewed reports from the galactic war evolving around them. He tried to
recall the events that led to the war. It was only a month ago he was the
most wanted criminal in the galaxy. He was set up by a criminal organization
by the name of FANG. FANG was masterminded by the evil warlord, Krysler. He
had used his immense wealth to gain the position as Duke of Jurai. With that
power, Krysler could start a war with the Galaxy Police at any time. Which
he did. Now, it was up to him, two detectives, the crown prince of Jurai,
and a pair of sisters to stop him. Daigo sighed. The odds couldn't be
anymore against them. The door opened and Kiyone entered the bridge. She
took her seat in the copilot seat and Daigo powered the ship's engines.
Daigo watched as Kiyone monitored the ship's status. Since the incident on
Cirelia five, her memories had disappeared. That was a sign that she was
improving. He leaned over and kissed her behind the ear. She giggled a
little.

"What was that for?'' she asked, still laughing.

"It's to tell you how much I love you," he replied, a smile on his face.

Kiyone laughed and returned the kiss. Daigo was happy that she was
improving. He hoped one day, the memories would vanish for good and they
could settle down and lead a normal life. Perhaps he would stay on the
Earth. It was such a beautiful planet, and he would enjoy its beauty even
more if Kiyone was there with him.

*****

The Juraian command fleet flew through space at a tremendous speed. Aboard
the command ship, the Duke of Jurai, Krysler in disguise, sat watching the
Galaxy Police forces retreat. He chuckled to himself. Everything was going
too perfect. Soon the Galaxy Police would be crushed and he would rule the
entire known universe. But, a giant wrench loomed over the gears of his
plans. That wrench was named Daigo Kogima.

*****

Daigo sat silently in his chair and piloted the Exator. He thought about his
conversation earlier with Ryoko. He had wanted to know more about her
cabbit, Ryo-ohki.

"Ryoko," he asked, sitting at the table of the Exator's kitchen, "You are
bonded with Ryo-ohki, right?"

"Yes, we're bonded very deeply."

"And she helps you overcome problems you face? Not just physically, but
mentally."

"Yes," she scratched the cabbit's head, "Ryo-ohki is always there for me."

"And where did you find her?"

"I was cruising through an area outside the known universe when she bonded
with me. It was almost instant."

"Do you know where you found her? Like, in a way you could show me?"

"Of course. It's a small planet outside Jurai's border of the known
universe. No one ever goes out there. I was using it as a way to escape from
Jurai's military when I found Ryo-ohki."

Ryoko pulled a napkin out a drew up a map to the planet. She handed it to
him and he studied it carefully. Now, he sat in the command chair of his
ship with the map in his hand. It was his only chance. It was the only way
to erase those terrible memories form his love's mind. The door to the
bridge opened and Kiyone walked in. She took her usual seat in the copilots
chair and stared at him.

"You wanted to talk to me?"

"Yes, I think I know a way to get rid of those memories."

Kiyone ducked her head down. Daigo knew she didn't like to talk about them
and he cursed himself for bringing it up. He put a hand on her shoulder, but
she shrugged him off.

"I'm sorry," he apologized, "I'm only trying to help."

She nodded, accepting his apology. He leaned over and kissed her. She smiled
and rubbed his neck. Daigo returned to piloting the ship. It would be about
an hour before they arrived.

*****

Ryoko sat on the bed in her quarters. She rubbed Ryo-ohki behind the ears
and the cabbit meowed graciously. Ryoko looked up as Tenchi entered her
room.

"You wanted to see me Ryoko?"

"Yes, will you sit down?"

Tenchi hesitated and Ryoko didn't blame him. For three years she had treated
him like a puppet. Toying with him and disregarding his feelings or wishes.
Ryoko turned her head towards her bed. He wouldn't do as she asked. She
didn't deserve that kind of respect. To her surprise, however, Tenchi sat
down on the bed and kissed her cheek.

"What's wrong Ryoko?" he asked, taking her hand, "Did I make you mad?"

"No, I just thought that after the way I've treated you since we all came to
Earth, you would never forgive us completely."

"What are you talking about Ryoko? I don't hate you. You make me angry
sometimes, but you're the best friend I've ever had."

"Tenchi, thank you, you don't know how much that means to me."

"Yes, I do. After we arrived on Jurai and you left with Ryo-ohki, I thought
you were dead. That I'd never see you again. I almost couldn't go on."

"But you did. You killed Kagato and saved Ayeka. You love her, don't you."

Tenchi hesitated before speaking. Ryoko held her breath and prepared for the
worst. He rubbed his hands together and sweat built on his forehead. Ryoko
closed her eyes. She knew he was going to say yes. But, she would be strong.
She respected him and his decisions. Suddenly, Ryoko felt something press
her against her lips. She opened her eyes to find Tenchi kissing her.

"How's that for an answer?" he asked.

Ryoko felt the salty tear roll down her cheek. He took her hand and kissed
her again. She returned the kiss and wrapped her free arm around his
shoulder.

"I love you Ryoko."

"I love you too, my Tenchi."

From the open doorway, Nagi smiled. She knew that this would happen.
Eventually.

*****

Daigo watched through the viewscreen as the small tan planet appeared out in
the distance. They would hold a thousand miles from it and fly the rest of
the way in on Ryo-ohki. Daigo pushed a few controls and the ship went into
auto pilot. He stood up and walked to the cargo bay. Ryoko and Kiyone were
waiting for him. Ryo-ohki meowed from the top of Ryoko's head.

"Ready to go?" he asked.

The two women nodded. Ryoko went to tell Ryo-ohki to change into ship form,
but suddenly, there was a huge explosion that knocked them all to the
ground. The initial explosion was followed up by a group of equally powerful
ones. Daigo scrambled to his feet and raced to the bridge.

"Sir, Jurain space cruisers are firing on us," EVA informed him, "Shields
are down and the engines are malfunctioning. We're heading towards the
planet at an controllable speed."

"Damn it! Initiate landing controls."

"Sir, the guidance is out. I cannot control the ship. You have to pilot it
in."
There were some beeping sounds and the control stick appeared out of a
compartment. Daigo took hold and tried to line the rapidly descending ship
up. There was another round of explosions and he was thrown from his chair.
He watched as the surface approached him.

Dear God. Let Kiyone live through this. Take me if you have to, but let her
survive.

He passed out as the ship collided with the planet. It crashed into a large
hill and was split in two.

*****

Kiyone woke up lying on her back. Two large suns glared overhead. She took a
minute to recall what had happened. They came under fir and she was knocked
through a whole in the hull when it collided with the surface. She sat up
and rubbed her head. It hurt bad. She probably was lucky to be alive. Kiyone
felt a warm feeling on her hand a brought it off her head. Se found it to be
crimson red.

Great, I'm bleeding.

Kiyone looked around and found Ryoko lying on top of some bushes. Ryo-ohki
was nudging her side and meowing silently. Kiyone walked over and checked
her for injuries. She had some nasty cuts and bruises, but she was alive.
Kiyone applied CPR and Ryoko coughed awake.

"What happened?" she asked.

"We crashed and were jettisoned from the ship."

"Where's Tenchi!?" Ryoko asked frantically trying to get up. She took one
step and fell over and pain.

"I think you sprained your ankle. Don't move on it. I'll go look for Tenchi
and the others."
Kiyone propped Ryoko up by a rock and ran to the wreckage of the Exator. She
climbed up its destroyed hull and peered through the shattered window. Daigo
was lying unconscious on the ground. His arm was bent in a way that told
Kiyone it was broken. She grabbed a rock and smashed the rest of the window
out before climbing in. She checked him for a pulse before carrying him out
of the ship and next to Ryoko, who was still trying to walk. Kiyone looked
up in the sky when she heard two loud explosions. There was an glimmer of
light and then Ken-ohki came into view. The cabbit-ship landed next to the
Exator and Nagi, Tenchi, and Mihoshi got off.

"What happened?" Kiyone asked.

"We abandoned the ship when it came under fire," Nagi said, "We engaged the
two cruisers and destroyed them before coming here."

Kiyone watched as Tenchi ran to Ryoko and sat her back against a rock. He
kissed her and stroked her cyan hair.

*****

Later, when the twin suns had gone down, Nagi and Tenchi had set up camp
next to the Exator. Luckily, some of the ship was still usable. They had
food and water for a month. Kiyone sat next to Daigo and watch his lifeless
body lay silent. He had risked his own life so Kiyone and the others could
survive. He was the only person who had tried to help her. He was there for
her at every turn. Even during rehab, the doctors wanted to discharge her,
but he had forced them to give her another month. Luckily, she recovered and
passed the physical examination. She was approved by the doctors and sent
back to active duty. Daigo was like her guardian angel, but now, she had to
be his guardian. If he died, she didn't know what she would do. She stood up
and brushed the dirt off her shirt. She needed to take a walk to clear her
mind. She walked into the forest for about an hour. She stopped as she came
to a lake. Kiyone knelt down and splashed the water onto her face. She
looked down and saw the reflection in the silver water. The person she was
looking at had her teal hair and blue eyes, but it wasn't her. The woman in
the pool was Kiyone Makibi, the greatest detective in the Galaxy Police. She
was Kiyone Makibi, victim of FANG and of her own mind. She slapped the water
and the image blurred. Kiyone stood up and saw a red light in the middle of
the lake. It pulsated from dim to bright as if calling her out to it. Kiyone
stripped to her T-shirt and shorts then dove in. The water was ice cold and
made her shudder. Still, she had to see what the red light was and why it
was calling her. As she swam, she noticed the water get warmer the closer
she got. She stopped when she was inches from the light. Kiyone reached up
and felt inside it. She put her other hand in the light and pulled out a
black sphere. When the sphere left the light, it vanished. The water became
cold around her, and she swam back to shore. Once she was on land, Kiyone
dried off and pulled her clothes back on. She picked up the sphere and
headed back to the ship. Something about it seemed to be attaching itself to
her. She nestled it against her breast as she made her way back. It was
funny, she was protecting it like it was a child. When Kiyone made her way
back, Ryoko and Nagi shot her surprised looks. She wanted to ask what, but
decided against it. She was way too tired.

*****

Ryoko and Nagi watched as Kiyone laid down beside Daigo and went to sleep.
She tucked the egg under her breast and drifted off.

"Is that what I think it is?" Ryoko turned to her sister.

"Yes, it is," Nagi replied, "And the bonding process is beginning already.
She cradled it like it was her child."

"I'm impressed. Ryo-ohki didn't bond that quickly with me. It took a while."

"That's because she was born when you found her. Kiyone's is still in its
egg, so the bonding is going quicker. As far as the cabbit in the egg is
concerned, Kiyone is her mother."

"Oh boy, I can't wait until it hatches."

*****

Krysler sat in his command chair as the Galaxy Police force attacked his
brigade. He waved his hand and his ship fired. The Galaxy Police were
systematically being annihilated. Soon, the galaxy would be his to rule.
Then, FANG could market its drugs all over the known universe. It would be a
glorious time indeed. A communications officer turned around to face him.

"Sir," he said, "We just received word that the Exator was shot down outside
the borders of known space. Reports indicate that no one could have survived
the collision."

"Excellent!" Krysler exclaimed.

With Daigo and his band dead, no one could expose him for what he was.
Things were going very according to plan.

*****

Kiyone yawned awake. The first thing she did was check on the sphere. It was
still there, nestled by her side. Kiyone smiled at it. Somehow, she felt
connected to it. It was like it was becoming a part of her. It did seem
larger though. Could it have grown during the night? Kiyone yawned again.
She stood up and walked over to where the others were having breakfast.
Daigo was awake and had his arm bandaged. She sat down next to him and he
kissed her.

"What have you got there?" he asked.

"I'm not really sure," she replied, "I found it in as lake last night and it
seemed to be connecting with me. It's like it's becoming a part of me."

"It is," Nagi said suddenly.

"What?" all but Ryoko said.

"It's bonding with you detective. It should hatch about.......now."

As the words left her mouth, the sphere began to move. Kiyone watched as a
crack formed on its top. The crack grew larger, and soon, it expanded over
the entire sphere. Kiyone watched in joy as the sphere fell apart and
revealed a small, squirming cabbit. It was garnet in color and looked like
Ken-ohki. It had the same jewel in its forehead and it gleamed in an
exquisite gold. The two colors were perfect for it. They seemed to be colors
of the gods or something. Kiyone felt a tear of joy roll down her cheek as
it meowed softly. She lifted it up and cradled it against her shoulder.

"I don't believe it," she exclaimed.

"Congratulations babe," Daigo said kissing her cheek.

"Yeah, that's pretty cool," Tenchi chimed in.

"You know what, it kind of looks like a cabbit," Mihoshi blurted out, not
thinking once again.

They all stared evilly at her.

"What!?"

Kiyone wasn't listening to them. She just hugged the little cabbit against
her chest. It was hers. She had always secretly wanted one, but never had
the courage to ask Ryoko where she got hers.

Hello.

What? Who said that?

It was me. The baby cabbit meowed softly.

You?

Yes, we're connected now. I bonded with you. Now, all you have to do is
think and we can talk to each other.

Like we're doing now?

Yes, so, what's my name?

Your name?

Of course. You have to name me.

Okay, how about..... Ki-ohki.

Ki-ohki it is. I like that name Kiyone.

Thanks.

"Everybody," Kiyone said, calling the group's attention, "I think I'll call
him Ki-ohki."

"Hey, you named him after yourself," Mihoshi blurted out.

Both Ryoko and Nagi slapped her behind the head.

That's my partner. You'll have to get used to her idiocy.

I can tell.

*****

Aboard a Galaxy Police destroyer nearing unknown, space two woman watched
out the viewscreen.

"How long?" the taller asked.

"About an hour," the shorter replied, "I hope they're okay."

"Me too," the taller ran a hand through her purple hair, "I just hope that
monster woman hasn't done anything to my Tenchi."

The shorter sighed, would they ever stop fighting?

Chapter 5

Kiyone sat in one of the trees rubbing Ki-ohki. It had been three days since
they had crashed landed. Over that time, she noticed some changes in the
group. Mihoshi stayed quieter (Thank God), Ryoko and Tenchi had gotten
together and spent a lot of time with each other, Daigo seemed to spend most
of his time repairing the ship. Kiyone didn't mind him spending time alone.
After all, she had Ki-ohki.

It sure is peaceful here.

Yes, this planet is great.

And you're coming with us when we leave right?

Kiyone, I have to stay with you. You're like my mother. I'll always be by
your side, like Ryoko's and Nagi's.

I'm sorry, It's still new having you around.

It's okay. Kiyone.....can I ask you something?

Yes, what is it?

Who's FANG?

I....I.

I'm sorry. It's just I keep seeing that name in your memory. It seems to
scare you.

I know, it does.

So, who are they?

They're a bitter part of my past.

Let me help you, please, that's one of the things we're supposed to do with
our mate.

Mate?

That's you.

Right. Anyway, FANG abducted me when...

Hold on a second. I can just absorb the story and know it all instantly.
Just relax, this will only take a minute.

Kiyone leaned her head back against the tree and tried to relax. She felt
Ki-ohki going through her memory and all her experiences within FANG.
Suddenly, the images stopped.

Oh, I'm sorry.

It's allright. I've put it behind me.

No, you haven't. Those images hold a forward part of your mind. Do they hurt
too much to put behind you?

I...don't know. I never talk about it. They hurt when I think about them.

You're thinking about them now. Do they hurt?

No, but....

See, like I said, just get all the emotions out and let the people that love
you help. Like me, Mihoshi and Daigo. I see he holds a large part in your
heart.

Yes, I love him a lot.

He wants to help you. I can tell. So do I. Just let us.

Kiyone felt a tear roll down her cheek. He was right. She kept having those
painful visions because she never let them out. They tried repeatedly to
escape, but she never let them. She patted Ki-ohki.

Thank you.

No problem, that's what I'm here for. Now, about those things Ryo-ohki calls
"carrots".

Kiyone chuckled and jumped out of the tree. She landed on her feet and
headed to the ship. Ki-ohki hopped onto her shoulder for the ride. Kiyone
went to the partially destroyed kitchen and pulled a carrot out of the
container. She handed it to Ki-ohki. The cabbit sniffed it before taking a
bite.

WOW! These are good.

Kiyone scratched his ear while he ate. She felt better. It was the best she
felt in a long time. He was right, talking about her past was helping her
already.

*****

Daigo searched through the compartment that used to be the bridge. The seats
were destroyed and the computers were smashed. He just hoped that EVA had
time to back herself up. Finally, he found a small black box. He wrestled it
out from the wreckage and left the ship. He sat the box on a rock and pulled
it open like a book. All the ships equipped with EVAs had to have a backup
computer that the agent could install itself onto in case of emergency. He
typed a few buttons and the screen flickered on.

"Hello Captain," EVA beeped.

"EVA, I'm glad you were able to backup your system."

"I lost two percent of my database, but the rest have been recovered."

"Good, can you begin repairs on the ship?"

"No sir, the hull is ninety-eight percent destroyed. The computer system
onboard is eighty-two percent destroyed. Engines are one hundred percent
destroyed. Overall, the ship is ninety-three percent destroyed. I am unable
to repair anything above sixty-five percent."

"Well, what do we do about getting off this planet?"

"I have begun sending distress beacons to the Galaxy Police and detected an
incoming ship. They are probably coming to retrieve us."

"Or kill us."

"No, the probability of that is next to none. The Galaxy Police are facing a
ten to one odds against the combine forces of Jurai and FANG. I have
predicted their complete destruction in two years."

"Is there anyway to stop FANG's conquest?"

"One possibility is reasonable. Expose FANG within Jurai's military. The
people of Jurai should sway with the Galaxy Police to eliminate the
syndicate."

"I don't know about that, FANG's grown over the last couple of years.
Besides it would be difficult to convince the people that the Duke of Jurai
is a warlord out for universal conquest."

"Use Kiyone."

"What?"

"Kiyone knows all about FANG. She was inside it for six years. She would be
perfect for exposing the group."

"You're probably right, but I don't know if she'll come out publicly about
that. It wouldn't do much for her golden reputation."

"We have to try."

"I know. EVA, have you detected the Galaxy Police cruiser heading this way."

"Yes, it has just entered my sensor range. Given its present speed, it
should be here in a half an hour."

"Good, try to contact it. I'll round the rest of the group up."

"As you wish sir."

Daigo closed the computer top and went looking for the others. He found
Tenchi and Ryoko swimming in the lake, Nagi was sitting in a tree observing
the landscape. She had insisted someone keep a watch for anything
unfriendly. Daigo looked around the camp, but he couldn't find Kiyone or
Mihoshi.

*****

Mihoshi sat in one of the semi-destroyed chairs of the kitchen and watched
Kiyone feed Ki-ohki.

"Kiyone," Mihoshi said, drawing her partner's attention.

"What is it Mihoshi?" she replied.

"Are you feeling okay?"

"Yes, why? Should I be feeling bad?"

"Well, it's just after all the drugs and sex..."

Kiyone lowered her head. Ki-ohki meowed pitifully at her. Mihoshi sighed.
She had been trying to figure out a way to talk to her about it without
causing Kiyone to get all depressed. She had failed and turned to leave.

"Wait a minute Mihoshi." Kiyone called after her, "Come back, we have to
talk."

"I don't want to hurt you."

"You won't, I promise."

"Okay, then what is it you wanted to talk about?"

"Okay, Mihoshi, how long have we known each other?"

"For about eight years or so. Kiyone, why are you asking me all this?"

"I just wanted to know how you felt about becoming a aunt."

"An aunt!? Does this mean?"

Kiyone nodded, trying to hold back her laughter.

"Oh, I'm so happy," Mihoshi said, "I know Tenchi and Ryoko will have
beautiful children."

Kiyone fell out of her chair, what a complete airhead. Once Kiyone was back
in her seat, she tried to calm the raving Mihoshi.

"Calm down Mihoshi!" she screamed, not very comforting, "You misunderstood
me."

"But you said, Ryoko and Tenchi..."

She couldn't finish her sentence because Mihoshi was slapped across the face
by Kiyone's hand.

"You dolt! I'm pregnant!!!"

The look on Mihoshi's face was a cross between happiness, confusion, and
worry. Kiyone put her head in her hands while Mihoshi stared blankly at her.
Kiyone wanted to tell Mihoshi, but she didn't know how her partner would
react. After all, Kiyone never showed interest in any of the guys they had
met. She wanted to save herself for Daigo, but that didn't happen. Now, she
was carrying his child. Not just his child, but their child. As the tears of
joy ran down her face, she clutched Mihoshi. The blonde cradled Kiyone in
her arms and rested her head on Kiyone's teal hair. She finally understood
why Kiyone had been so uptight about herself, and she was finally putting
the cause of the tightness behind her.

*****

Daigo had just set up the last flare when the cruiser appeared in the sky.
He took a step back from the make-shift landing zone and the war torn Galaxy
Police cruiser touched down. The ship looked as if it had taken on all of
Jurai's military alone. There were blast marks on the sides and forcefields
covering the holes in its hull. The door opened and a girl Daigo identified
as Princess Ayeka, the rightful ruler of Jurai ran out. She stopped a few
feet from him and they exchanged glances.

"Daigo," she said, "I must apologize for all of Jurai. We had no idea about
the evil within our ranks."

"You mustn't apologize. I am the real reason that Azusa was killed."

"What do you mean?"

He lifted his hand up and held it inches from Ayeka's face. She gasped as
the ring he wore glinted in the sun above.

"That's a...."

"Jurai power ring. Only those knighted by the Emperor or Empress of Jurai
are able to control the ring's power."

Daigo twisted the ring on its base and it clicked into position. There was a
blast of energy and Daigo's clothes were replaced by Jurai battle armor and
he had battle markings on his face. A large black cape draped down his back.

"What the?" Ayeka asked, confused.

"I was knighted before Azusa was killed. I wield the Jurai power now. He
wanted me to come and protect him from enemies he thought would attack
during the celebration. I failed him and all of Jurai."

"That is a part of the past. Use the power to help us defeat FANG and I
shall forgive you. Even though it wasn't your fault"

"I know," he twisted the ring and his clothes returned to normal, "The
others are waiting for us."

"Daigo," Ayeka tugged his shoulder, "How is Lord Tenchi surviving."

"He's fine. I think he's a little young, but he's out with his girlfriend."

"Girlfriend!?"

"Yeah, one of those two sisters, Ryoko I think."

Ayeka turned piping hot and ran towards the forest.

*****

Tenchi sat on a large rock overlooking the lake where Kiyone found Ki-ohki.
Ryoko was nestled up against him and they were watching the large orange sun
set in the distance. It projected the most illuminous image of itself across
the otherwise silver lake. Tenchi smiled and drew Ryoko closer to him. It
was so peaceful since they arrived on the planet. Despite the war going on
within the boundaries of the known universe, everything was so calm to
Tenchi.

"What are you thinking about, my Tenchi?" Ryoko asked, taking his hand.

"Just that this planet is so peaceful," he replied, "It's so much like
Earth."

"Yes, it is. The main similarity is that you're here."

She looked up at him and they embraced in a kiss. They sat there kissing
until Tenchi noticed someone emerging from the forest edge. The person had
her fist clenched in anger and her purple hair was contrasted by the fury of
her face.

"Lord Tenchi!" Ayeka boomed, "What are you doing!?"

"Hey!" Ryoko yelled back, "We're trying to watch the sunset!"

"How dare you!" Ayeka's logs appeared.

"Tenchi," Ryoko turned to him, "I think we should run."

Before he could reply, Ryoko grabbed his hand and took off into the forest.
Behind him, Tenchi could hear Ayeka yelling and explosions erupting. Ryoko
flew up into the air and started looking around. Tenchi spotted the crashed
Exator and a Galaxy Police cruiser floating above it.

"There's the ship!" he yelled.

Ryoko took off and they soon sat down next to the ship. They were surprised
to find Sasami and Washu.

"Tenchi!" Sasami called, hugging him, "I've missed you."

"I've missed you too, Sasami," he replied, rubbing her head.

Suddenly, out of the forest, Ayeka appeared. The veins bulging out of her
forehead were easily visible. She lowered herself into a fighting stance and
powered her logs up. She was instantly knocked to the ground by a blast of
energy. The entire group turned to find Nagi holding her sword at Ayeka's
direction.

"No one messes with my sister or her man."

Washu and Sasami shot Tenchi confused looks, but he gave them a "Details
later" look. Kiyone and Mihoshi appeared out of the Exator. Mihoshi was
extremely giddy and was ranting on about being an aunt. Kiyone ducked her
head and was grinning sheepishly. Daigo approached her and took her in his
arms.

"What's wrong with Mihoshi?" he asked.

Kiyone looked at him and an evil grin crossed her face.

"She's just a little excited, 'Daddy'," she grinned.

Tenchi took a step back. He remembered the time, Ryoko had called him daddy.
It was when she was pretending to be.....pregnant!

"Kiyone, does this mean?" Daigo asked.

"Yes, you're gonna be a daddy."

*****

Daigo took her in his arms and hugged her tightly. The tears of joy streamed
down his face. He wanted this day to come. Oh, how he wanted this day to
come. Finally, he released his grip and looked deep into Kiyone's eyes. They
sparkled in all their magnificence.

"I'm so happy," he whispered.

"I know," she replied, "I love you."

"I love you too," he whispered kissing her.

"Hey!" Sasami yelled, "Don't act like that! I'm a little girl!"

They broke apart, both of them red with embarrassment.

"Sorry," they apologized to Sasami.

Washu cleared her throat.

"Right," Daigo said, "Guys, Washu here has some bad news for us."

"Thank you Captain," Washu's holo-top emerged and she pushed a few controls.

A large screen appeared out of nowhere. An image of Galaxy Police HQ
appeared on the screen. Suddenly, Jurain cruisers appeared out of nowhere
and a battle began. After five minutes of video, the Galaxy Police HQ
erupted into flames and was destroyed. The video ended and the screen
disappeared.

"That," Washu said, "Was yesterday. The Galaxy Police have, for the most
part, been destroyed. True, a medium sized fleet escaped, but it appears
that Jurai has won the war."

"It can't be," Kiyone gasped, "The location of Galaxy Police HQ is highly
classified. No one knows where it will be before it arrives."

Kiyone was referring to the GP's ability to move the station at will to
avoid threats. Only high-ranking officials knew where its location would be.

"Yes," Washu commented, "The station's location was a secret. Somebody
turned traitor. Someone who was in the department that had access to the
location readout."

Another screen appeared and a profile of a woman appeared.

"Mitsuki!" Kiyone yelled.

"Yes, Mitsuki turned traitor after her fleet was captured. She offered the
location of the HQ for her freedom."

"That little, when I get my hands on her."

"Easy Kiyone," Daigo took her hand, "you're expecting."

She nodded and relaxed. For the next hour, the Exator was salvaged and they
entire group left the planet. Daigo, ranking higher than the ship's captain,
took control. He uplinked EVA into the computer and let her pilot the
cruiser. He then walked to the R and R room. Kiyone was sitting on the couch
reading a novel and Mihoshi and Sasami were playing videogames.

"How you doing?" he asked, sitting down next to her.

"Fine," she replied, "I've been eating a lot lately."

"That's natural," he rubbed and hand on her stomach," I can't believe this
is happening."

"You better," she kissed him, "About eight and a half months and you'll be a
daddy."

He kissed her back and they wrapped their arms around each other. Mihoshi
and Sasami watched the exchange. When they started going, Mihoshi put her
hand over Sasami's eyes.

"Hey!" Sasami protested, "I want to see."

*****

After one week of travel, the cruiser rendezvoused with the remnants of the
Galaxy Police. Kiyone stood on the bridge of their ship and stood in awe at
the size of the fleet. There were at least eighty cruiser-class ships, much
like their own, forty destroyer-class, and at least ten capital ships. The
fleet was rounded out by fifteen transports and twenty carriers for the
Galaxy Police's Armored Assault Droids, or AAD's. The largest of the fleet,
Kiyone recognized as the Admiral Byrd. The Admiral Byrd was the largest of
the Galaxy Police's destroyers and could house most of the remnants of the
fleet. The gladiator-class ship loomed over the fleet like a protective
mother.

It's so big, protecting the fleet like their its young. She rubbed her
stomach. Like I will protect you my child.

You're evidently happy about becoming a mother.

Kiyone looked at her foot and saw Ki-ohki. He meowed and hopped onto her
shoulder.

Yes, I am happy.

I'm so proud of you Kiyone, you're putting the thoughts and memories of your
past behind you.

I am, and it's all thanks to you.

She scratched the cabbit and he meowed in appreciation. Kiyone left the
bridge and walked to the bay. Tenchi, Ryoko, Daigo, and Mihoshi were waiting
for her. Tenchi was wearing his black shrine tunic and khaki pants streamed
down his legs. Ryoko was wearing her usual orange, black, and cyan dress.
Mihoshi, she, and Daigo were dressed in their regular officers uniforms.
There was a loud thunk, and the ship was docked with the Admiral Byrd. The
hatch opened and they were greeted by two Galaxy police detectives. Both
seemed to be wounded slightly from battle. the two officers led them to the
command deck of the Admiral Byrd. All around Kiyone, she saw officers
reading reports of Jurain advances against their diminished force. Finally,
they arrived at the office of the fleet leader. The door opened and they
were greeted by the Supreme Commander of the Galaxy Police, Akira Yoshihtio.

"Take a seat, all of you," he offered.

They all acknowledged and took their seats. Kiyone sat down next to Daigo
and he took her hand.

"First," Yoshitio continued, "I must apologize to you Captain Kogima. Our
actions after Azusa's death were irrational and foolhardy. Now, we are
paying for it dearly. I hope you will forgive us for our actions, and fight
with us. Your leadership skills could greatly be benefited in taking down
FANG and Jurai's military."

"I'll fight with you under two conditions," Daigo responded, a stone gaze
fixed on Yoshihito.

"Name your price."

"I want all my friends to be by my side. Mihoshi, Kiyone, Tenchi, everyone."

"That can be arranged, and the other?"

"I want a full pardon for Ryoko Hakubi and Nagi, the bounty hunter."

Kiyone stared at him in surprise. He was defending Ryoko and Nagi in front
of the Supreme Commander. She hoped the commander wouldn't arrest him for
his actions.

"Well," Yosihito responded, "with our current conditions, we'll need all the
help we can get. Sure, I'll pardon both of them."

"Thank you," Daigo replied.

"This meeting is over. We're preparing to attack Jurai tomorrow. Our
briefing for our offensive will be at 0900 tomorrow. Get some rest before
then. You'll be involved in the battle."

The group stood up and left the office. Tenchi and Ryoko headed back to the
ship to check on Nagi and the others. Mihoshi went with them to eat dinner
and get some sleep. Daigo and Kiyone went to the cafeteria onboard the
Admiral Byrd and got dinner. They sat down together in the corner and
started eating alone.

"Why didn't you tell Commander Yosihito about....well you know?" he asked.

"I didn't want him to leave me out of the offensive," she replied, "I wanted
to be by your side."

"Kiyone, I think it's a bad idea. I don't want anything to happen to our
child, or you."

She leaned over and kissed him.

"Don't worry, I won't let anything happen. I promise."

"I hope you're right."

They finished their meals silently and then retired to bed. Tomorrow was
going to be a busy day.

Chapter 6

The alarm clock blared on the desk. A weary hand moved over and smashed it
with a downward blow. Daigo opened his eyes to the bright ceiling light. He
looked at the smashed clock and saw it was 0630. The briefing would begin in
an two and a half hours. Kiyone wasn't awake, she was still snoring softly,
and her long teal hair was draped over Daigo's chest. He gently pushed her
off of him and got up. He went to the sonic shower and cleaned up. There was
no reason to go into battle without being clean. Once he was finished, he
pulled on his usual battle attire. a dark shirt with matching military
fatigue pants. He slid his Galaxy Police holster over his chest and hooked
the leg straps to his belt together. Finally, he holstered his weapon and
slid his ring on his finger. The door to the bathroom opened and Kiyone came
in.

"Morning," she mumbled, still groggy.

"Morning," he replied.

Daigo watched as the future mother of his child disrobed and entered the
sonic shower. He could already see the bulge of the baby in her stomach.
Daigo waited silently as she showered and dressed. About fifteen minutes
later, she reemerged from the bathroom, dressed in her usual Galaxy Police
uniform. He kissed her and they walked hand in hand to the cafeteria. The
large cafeteria was packed with soldiers who were preparing to go into
battle that day. Daigo thought they were young, perhaps to young? He shook
off the tension and got his food. They sat down alone in the corner and ate.
Once they were finished, Ryoko, Tenchi, Nagi, Ayeka, Mihoshi, and Washu came
into the cafeteria.

"The briefing's starting," Tenchi informed them, "Come on."

"Early?" Daigo commented, "They've changed the plans around."
He didn't pursue the issue and the group walked to the briefing room. The
briefing room was easily the size of an auditorium and could probably seat
the same amount. Daigo checked with an officer and they were seated near the
front. On the seat was a manila folder with CLASSIFIED printed on the cover.
They took their seats and the meeting began. The admiral of the Galaxy
Police's carrier forces, Admiral Kuji, was at the podium talking with the
other officers. Once the majority of the personnel was present, the meeting
began.

"Welcome," Kuji began, "Today is the last day of some of your lives. I don't
mean to scare you, but that is as dry as it can come. The Jurai military is
pursuing an unrelentless assault on the galaxy. We are the last line of
defense. Today, we plan to attack the Soja. Jurai's newest dreadnaught-class
warship."

An image appeared on the screen behind Kuji. the Soja was an impressive
ship. It was easily the size of the Admiral Byrd.

"The Soja," Kuji continued, "Is fresh from the construction docks. The main
cannon isn't operational yet, but it can still defend itself. Jurai has
commissioned its 85th cruiser division for escort patrol. Our job is to take
that sucker out. You may all open your orders now."

The entire room opened their folders and began reading their orders. Daigo
was to command the fleet's contingent of bombers on raids to destroy the
Soja's main cannon before it came under operation. Under his command were
eighty Strikers. The Strikers were as dependable a craft as the Galaxy
Police could ask for. They were light, maneuverable, and packed enough
firepower to destroy three curiser-class ships with ease. As he read, Daigo
saw that Tenchi would remain onboard the Admiral Byrd as his mission
coordinator, Kiyone and Mihoshi would be leading a squadron of AADs against
the 72nd Jurai regiment that was moving into position to defend the Soja;
Ryoko, Nagi, Washu, and Ayeka would lead an infiltration team into the
Soja's research vessel and destroy the blueprints for it and recover any
useful data on Jurai's operations. Daigo closed the folder. The orders were
pretty straight forward. Did they have enough firepower to breach the 85th's
line of defense?

"I want all of you to get some rest before our attack," Kuji ordered,
"Report to your squadrons in one hour. That is all."

The meeting ended and Daigo stood up. He made his way through the crowded
briefing room to the front. Kuji was standing beside the podium answering
questions from his officers.

"Daigo," Kuji greeted him, "It's good to see you."

"Likewise Admiral," Daigo replied.

"Do you have a question about your orders?"

"Not a question, a request."

"What type of request?"
"I want Sergeant Makibi left out of the attack. She's not in the correct
physical condition to be in battle."

"What's wrong? Is she injured?"

"No, sir, she's expecting."

"Expecting? Captain, I had no idea. Who's the father?"

"I am."

"You! Congratulations Captain, but I'm sorry, we're to close to launch hour
to change our command protocols. However, I can probably get an escort troop
to guard her division. Will that ease your mind?"

"Yes, I suppose."

"Good, I'll see you before the attack to make sure everything is squared
away."

"Yes, sir."

Daigo left the briefing room and wandered aimlessly through the corridors of
the ship. Today, hundreds of Galaxy police officers would give their lives
to defend freedom in space. He sighed. Perhaps there was a time when people
dreamed of life in outer space. Perhaps they saw it a place of opportunity,
a place where they could begin new lives. Now, outer space was another
battleground for wars to be fought. Daigo kicked a trashcan. He was reciting
one of the lectures he had received at the academy. War was nothing but a
means for people to release their emotions. War was nothing more than a
means for aggression, confusion, fear, and other major emotions people could
not control to be released. The purpose of the Galaxy Police was to preserve
the emotions of those people that wished for war, so what were they doing
fighting a war? That question chewed at Daigo's mind as he walked towards
the hangers. In them, technicians were prepping the Strikers for takeoff.
Daigo watched for a minute and walked down the hallway some more. War,
battle, hate: the things Daigo hated were being brought to the surface. And
what about Kiyone? He had his future child resting under her skin. He
couldn't let the war being fought take either of their lives. His child, his
future, why did it have to be born into a world that was engulfed in chaos.
Daigo sighed again. While he was walking, he didn't notice the presence of
Tenchi following him until the young prince put his hand on Daigo's
shoulder.

"You okay?" Tenchi asked.

"I guess, I'm just a little nervous."

"We all are."

"I know, it's just that I don't see the reason for all the violence. Tenchi,
I lived the past twenty years of my life surrounded by the violence. There
was a time when I knew what I was living for, but that time was a long time
ago."

"I wish I knew how you felt. I never was exposed to the things you and the
rest of the girls were. I grew up on the Earth alone with my dad and
grandfather. I never thought about the fact I was really the heir to the
throne of Jurai. Now that my entire life has been screwed up, I don't know
what I should be living for either. I never really sleep anymore. There's
always something eating at the back of mind, I don't know what it is, but it
just won't quit."

"It's called love," Daigo said, "I had what you were talking about in my
head since I was reassigned away from Kiyone. It was only back on Cirelia
five that I finally realized what it was. Tenchi, you don't understand
anything about Kiyone's or my lifestyle. When this is all over and the girls
leave your planet you'll be back to normal, going to school, seeing your
friends, but what about Kiyone, Mihoshi and me? We have to go back to
dealing with the scum of the universe. We have to go back to tracking down
sick people like the ones that experimented on Kiyone. Not everyone out
there is as nice as the aliens you've met Tenchi."

"I'm sorry, but I do know that all people aren't good. People like Kagato
and Krysler are the reason that you have to be exposed to that kind of
stuff. It's wrong for anyone to be exposed to that type of evil."

"Perhaps, but there's something I've wanted to ask you, Tenchi."

"What is it?"

"Is Earth that bad a planet to live on? I was only on it briefly, but it
seemed very beautiful."

"No, Earth's a nice planet. Sure it's not as advanced as some others, but I
like it."

"That's good. You see, I'm tired of fighting crime throughout the universe.
After this bastard of a war is over, I'm retiring and settling down with
Kiyone and raise our family. I know she acts different at times, but she's
not that bad a girl."

"I know, neither is Ryoko or Nagi. They were forced to change to the
circumstances of their lives."

"Tenchi, you have a good heart and a strong mind. It's almost time to get
ready, but I'm glad we've had this little talk. I would be honored to have
you lead our forces into battle."

"No problem, Daigo. I'll see you after we take Soja out."

*****

The Strikers were prepped and the AADs were having their armaments loaded
into their cannons. Kiyone watched over the technicians loaded antimatter
rounds into the right arm of her AAD. It was the size of a regulation AAD,
but an extra minigun was attached below the left arm. The black metallic
paint gleamed in the light of the hanger. All the AADs were painted in a
special reflective paint that Jurai's sonar wouldn't be able to detect until
they were right on top of them. When the technicians were finished, Kiyone
inspected the suit and made sure all of its systems were working properly.

I wish you would take me with you. I can provide you better firepower than
that suit can.

I"m sorry Ki-ohki, but the Admiral wouldn't allow any cabbits to assist in
the attack. Even Ryo-ohki and Ken-ohki have to stay behind.

Yeah well they didn't seem to mad about it. I don't want you to leave me
alone on this ship.

What's wrong, scared that someone will try to make cabbit stew?

No, I have a bad feeling about you being out there, be careful okay.

No problem, but in case something does happen, be there for Daigo.

You're the boss.

The cabbit hopped off the front of the suit and scurried away. Kiyone pulled
on her jumpsuit and powered the AAD up.

"Alpha leader, this is control, ignite your engines now."

"Yes, sir control," Kiyone said and powered her thrusters.

"Good, you may proceed to Carrier five for transportation to target."

"Roger that."

Kiyone piloted her AAD out of the hanger of the Admiral Byrd and into space.
There, she saw the entire fleet being prepped for battle. The transports
were being filled and the Strikers were forming up into their squadrons.
Kiyone wondered witch Striker was Daigo's. Her question was answered when
one of them broke formation and flew up next to her.

"Kiyone," Daigo called over the radio," Good luck."

"You too honey," she replied.

"Be safe and good journey."

"Daigo?"

"Yes."

"Why did you leave suddenly after the briefing? Is something wrong?"

"Nothing's wrong, I just had some things to think about and get done."

"Allright, Daigo, I love you."

"I love you too Kiyone. And honey, I will be there if you need me, so damn
this war. You're my number one priority. Signal me if you get in any
trouble. Use this channel."

"You'll do anything for me won't you."

"I would do anything for your love."

"Even leave me alone while I was fighting?"

"I won't do that. Anyway, good luck and I'll see you after we kick their
ass."

"Right on, Kiyone out."

"Roger."

Kiyone headed to her transport while Daigo returned to his squadron. She
navigated her AAD into its clamps and the large metal spikes secured her
suit.

*****

"All Striker squadrons prepare for jump," Tenchi ordered over the radio

"Roger that command. Red team, report in for jump," Daigo called.

"Red one, locked and loaded," a voice replied.

"Red two, pumped and armed," another called.

"Red three, let's kick the tires and light the fires boss."

"Red four, let's show those Jurain bastards who they're dealing with."

"Red five, rockin' and rollin'."

"This is Red squadron," Daigo reported, "All units ready for jump."

"Acknowledged, jump in T-minus five, four, three, two, jump!"

Daigo accelerated the throttle and the Striker let into hyperspace. Within
moments, Daigo was less than a thousand miles from the Soja.

"Holy crap," Red two reported.

"Look at the size of that thing," Red four commented.

"Hey!" Daigo ordered, "Don't bug out on me, let's keep it tight and head in
fast."

"Boss," Red three called, "I'm detecting a massive buildup of Jurain
fighters closing in on our position. Twenty cruisers are following them."

"What the hell!?" Daigo cursed, "They're not supposed to know we're coming."

"They do, and at their present speed, they'll be on us when the rest of the
fleet arrives."

"Shit, Red squadron, get on the horn with the other Strikers. Tell them
we're diverting plans to engage the cruisers moving up."

The members of Red squadron acknowledged and began spreading the word
through the rest of the fighter wings. Daigo armed his ships concussion
weapons and turned towards the approaching fleet. Once all the squadrons
were lined up, Daigo hit the thrusters and charged the fleet. He banked left
to avoid carrier fire and unleashed a volley of antimatter into a contingent
of fighters. They exploded in a violent fury and Daigo maneuvered to avoid
the fire.

"Allright, Red two, line up on my port and let's hit cruiser number five."

"Roger that boss, I.....AAH!"

Daigo turned and watched as a Jurain fighter destroyed his wingman. He
decelerated and the fighter passed by. Daigo unleashed and the fighter
exploded.

"Boss, Red four here, the fleet's arriving, and they're under fire," a call
came over the radio.

"Roger, Red three, take Gold team and assist the fleet. Protect the
transports until the AADs are deployed. We can't lose them."

"Yes, sir,"

Daigo turned his sights on the Soja. That sucker was going down and everyone
on board would perish. They had tried to hurt him and it was way past time
for some payback. Daigo squeezed the trigger and his antimatter guns emptied
out. The Soja's aft compartments exploded. Other Strikers followed and more
and more parts of the Soja exploded. Daigo dropped his fusion bomb on the
deck guns and they were disabled. The attack was going well, almost too
well.. Suddenly his scanners jumped off the charts.

"What the hell's going on?!" Daigo demanded, "I'm detecting a large energy
buildup!"

"The Soja's preparing to fire its main gun," a random voice informed him,
"Get the hell out of there!"

Daigo hit the accelerator and rocketed away from the behemoth as its main
gun fired a large green cone of energy. Daigo watched in horror as a
hospital ship exploded followed by three support cruisers.

"Good God," Daigo gasped.

"All squadrons!" a voice called, "This is Admiral Kuji, evacuate
immediately! I repeat, withdraw from battle this instant!"

Daigo flipped on his radio and scanned frequencies until he found the AAD
channel.

"Alpha squadron, come in," Daigo called.

"This is Beta one, Alpha squadron cannot respond, they're all gone, the Soja
got them."

"No!, No! It can't be!"

"Daigo? Daigo, I'm sorry," it was Tenchi, "We lost contact with them a
little while ago."

"No, Kiyone," Daigo wept in his cockpit, "No."

"I'm sorry," Tenchi continued, "Come home Daigo, we've suffered enough
casualties."

"Ro...Roger that."

Daigo put a nervous hand on the control panel and the ship flew towards the
Admiral Byrd.

*****

A few hours later, Kiyone awoke with a throbbing pain in her head. She tried
to move, but found her arms and legs restrained to a large metal table.
Where was she? The last thing Kiyone remembered was the Soja firing and
losing control of her AAD. She had crashed into a Jurain cruiser and the
impact knocked her into unconscious.

"Boss, I think our guest is awake," a voice said.

"Yes, it appears that way," another, more manly, voice replied.

Kiyone felt the table she was strapped to move. Slowly, a man and a woman
came into view. Mitsuki, she recognized, but the man she didn't know. He
seemed awfully familiar though.

"Welcome, detective," the man said. He was taller than Mitsuki and had an
evil tone to the way he spoke. He was bald and had a black goatee on his
chin, "Welcome to the Soja. I'm your grateful host, Krysler. I believe you
already know my friend Mitsuki."

"Slut," Kiyone spat at her.

"Tramp," Mitsuki responded, "You just couldn't get out of my way could you?"

"What are you talking about?"

"You had to jump in and still Daigo away from me right before I had him. I
saw you on graduation day, kissing and flirting like a good couple. Ever
since that day, I've vowed my revenge. Now, I'll have it."

Mitsuki reached in a small cabinet and pulled out a small vial filled with a
greenish substance. She removed a needle from its packaging and filled it
with the green liquid.

"I must say, Kiyone," she sneered, "I was a little amazed to find out you
were pregnant, but don't worry, I'll take care of that little baby for you."

"Leave my child alone!" Kiyone demanded.

"I'm afraid I can't do that. You see, what better way to get revenge against
you two than killing your child. This is concentrated formaldehyde. One
injection and the son of Daigo shrivels up and dies in its womb. I can't
wait to see the look on Daigo's face when he gets the news."

Kiyone tried to free herself, but two guards held her tightly to the table.
Mitsuki laughed wickedly as she injected the chemicals into Kiyone's
stomach. Kiyone screamed in pain as the tears rolled down her cheeks.

Help me Daigo! Help me my love!

Chapter 7

Daigo rested on the gurney in the overpacked infirmary of the Admiral Byrd.
The entire ship was overpacked with wounded troops and officials. Daigo
winced as he was given an injection to ease the pain of the second-degree
burns on his right arm. He closed his eyes and tried to relax, but every
time his eyelids extinguished the light, he saw her. He saw her disappear
into the dark pit of death while he watched helplessly.

I told her not to go. She just wouldn't listen.

Daigo opened his eyes. Kiyone was dead. He knew it. he felt her slip into
the icy death that all will face sooner or later. It just wasn't her time.
She was carrying his child damnit! Didn't God care at all? He sat up and
looked at the many wounded men and women. There were also a hefty number of
gurneys and beds covered by a black sheet. He prayed for the dead men and
stood up. He pulled his jacket over his burned arm and left the infirmary.
Outside, Ryoko was nursing a wound to her ribcage. She noticed him and gave
him a "I'm so sorry" look. He nodded and headed for the conference room.
Inside, Tenchi sat alone, reviewing a large stack of reports.

"What are you doing in here?" he asked, as Daigo sat down across the large
table, "you should be in the infirmary."

"Damn the infirmary," Daigo commented, "I don't need to be taking up their
room with a minor wound."

Tenchi nodded and returned to his report. Daigo took a large handful of them
and flipped through the contents.

Hmm, let's see. There's Mihoshi Huramitsu, wounded. Ayeka Jurai, wounded,
Ryoko Hakubi, wounded, Captain Nicol, dead, Professor Washu, MIA, oh shit.

He looked at the name etched into the paper. It read:

Sergeant Kiyone Makibi, KIA (Killed in Action)

Daigo dropped the paper on the table. His body ached. His worst fears were
realized and he left the conference room. He walked to the Yagami II and to
his quarters. On the bed laid a Galaxy Police flag. It was neatly folded and
had a medal resting on top. Daigo picked the medal up and looked at it. It
was the Platinum Cross, the highest award that could be given to a Galaxy
Police officer. There was a note attached to the medal.

"Sergeant Kiyone Makibi," he read outloud, "The rolemodel of what a Galaxy
Police officer should be. She died way before her time."

He tossed the medal onto the flag. she had already had a ceremonial funeral
and they didn't bother to tell him. His heart was broken beyond belief. He
slumped to the floor and openly wept.

*****

Outside of the room, Tenchi and Ryoko were listening to the crying sounds
coming from inside the large metal door. Daigo had never struck them as
being the one to cry. Tenchi hated his position. He was being forced to
cause the man such pain and suffering, just because of some stupid
regulations. He mentally kicked himself. Why had he even accepted the job as
fleet coordinator. He knew it would only entail hurting those he loved by
using all the red tape.

"Ryoko," he called to her silently, "I'm gonna tell him."

"Don't," she warned, "he'll go ballistic."

"I have to. I owe both him and Kiyone that much."

Without another thought, Tenchi opened the door. Daigo jerked upright and
rose to his feet.

"Tenchi," he said, surprised, "I....I"

"Daigo, we have to talk."

An hour passed. Tenchi explained that Kiyone's death was falsified to cover
her disappearance. She was really captured by the Jurain forces shortly
before Soja attacked. She and Washu were being held as captives aboard the
ship. Daigo was turning red with anger.

"Who authorized this!?" he asked, reaching for his weapon.

"Admiral Kuji," Tenchi sighed, closing his eyes.

When he opened them, Daigo was nowhere to be found. Tenchi rushed out into
the hall and Ryoko pointed toward the command deck. They took off and barged
into the room. Daigo was holding Admiral Kuji by the collar and had his
blaster under his chin.

"You little turd!" he yelled, gritting his teeth, "Did you think I wouldn't
find out?"

"Daigo stop!" Tenchi yelled.

He turned to them and dropped the admiral in his chair. Daigo fumbled around
through the desk and pulled out a pen and notepad.

"I want an official order to launch a rescue operation of Kiyone and Washu,"
he demanded, "I want your signature on it."

Tenchi watched as the admiral signed the note Daigo had written. He tore the
page out and approached Tenchi and Ryoko.

"You two are coming with me."

They nodded and followed him to the Yagami II. Daigo ordered the inspection
team off and rocketed out of the space dock, destroying it in the process.

*****

Admiral Kuji watched as Daigo disappeared into hyperspeed. He slowly walked
to his desk and opened the bottom drawer. He had to inform Lord Krysler
about his impending guests. He gasped in shock at the empty drawer. His
personal receiver was missing.

*****

Daigo hummed in the captain's chair. He tossed the small receiver up and
down in his hand. There was only one way for FANG to know they were coming.
Someone who knew the entire plan tipped them off. The only person with
enough clearance to the plans was Admiral Kuji. Daigo swiped the receiver
while he was signing the orders for him to rescue Kiyone. He smiled and
tossed the receiver into the floor and crushed it underneath his foot.
Tenchi and Ryoko appeared on the bridge. Daigo turned to face them, but
found them accompanied by Ayeka, a bandaged Mihoshi, and Ki-ohki.

"Sorry," Tenchi apologized, "they followed us."

"No big deal, that's just more firepower for our side," he said, "You all
might want to get ready, we're approaching Soja quickly."

"We're going back there?" Ayeka asked, partly terrified.

"Yes, it's the only way to save Kiyone and Washu."

He turned around and punched a few controls. They would arrive within the
hour.

*****

Kiyone awoke to the familiar sounds of the engines of Soja humming. She
concentrated her mind and deduced they were not moving. She walked to the
door of her cell and peered across the hallway. The occupant of the other
cell surprised Kiyone. It was Washu. The tiny scientist was facing away from
her.

"Washu," she yelled to the scientist.

Washu turned her head and an expression of thankfulness to see the detective
crossed her face.

"Kiyone," she said, "they got you too?"

"Yeah," she slumped to the ground, "They killed my child."

Washu didn't reply for a long while. She stared at the slumping Kiyone.

"I'm sorry," she offered, trying to comfort Kiyone.

"Thank you. Now, do you know a way out of here?"

"I'm working on it. These bars are heavily shielded. I can't break through
yet."

Washu's two puppets appeared on her shoulders.

"Come on Washu!" "A" started.

"You can do it!" "B" concluded.

Washu laughed and Kiyone blushed. The only thing larger than Washu's
intellect was her ego.

*****

Daigo eased the ship out of hyperspeed. The Soja loomed ahead in the docks
of a Jurain repair bay. Apparently, their attack did some good.

"All assault team members to the transporter room," he ordered over the PA
system.

He punched a few controls and the ship stopped all forward movement. He rose
and headed to the transport room. The entire group, save Mihoshi was waiting
for him. Ayeka informed him that Mihsohi's wounds were too severe to
accompany them. He nodded and took his position on the glowing amber circle.

"EVA," he spoke outloud, "Beam us to the engine room of the Soja."

"Affirmative," EVA acknowledged, "Good luck."

There was a flash of light and they were all instantly onboard the Soja.
Tenchi pulled the Tenchi-ken from his tunic and the blade roared to life.
Ayeka focused her energy and her battle attire appeared. Ryoko formed her
energy sword. Daigo smiled. He twisted the ring on his finger and was
instantly in his Jurain garments. He reached into his uniform and pulled a
blade hilt similar to Tenchi's out. It was sapphire and had three emerald
jewels studded in its base. He focused his energy and the red blade
appeared.

"Let's go," he said to the marveling onlookers, "Ayeka and I will head to
the bridge. Ryoko and Tenchi, you find Kiyone and Washu. We'll meet back
here."

They all nodded and went their opposite directions. Daigo and Ayeka were
faced with a horde of Jurain guards. Daigo stepped in front of Ayeka and
raised his hand. He focused his energy and fired a beam of energy into the
guards. The disintegrated and their clothes fell empty to the ground. He
smiled at Ayeka and they ran on. Soon, they were in the armory of the Soja.
Piles of weapons were stacked upon each other. Daigo puled an explosive
charge out of a pile and tossed it into the group of weapons. It erupted
into fire and the weapon stockpile was systematically destroyed by the
explosions.

*****

Ryoko dodged the Jurain guard's attack and rammed her laser sword through
his chest. The guard slumped to the floor, while she went to assist Tenchi.
He was fending off three guards, all carrying laser rifles. Tenchi dodged a
blast and sliced the barrels of their guns off. The guards turned to run,
but Ryoko fired an energy blast into their backs.

"Ryoko!" Tenchi yelled, "You didn't have to kill them."

"Tenchi," she landed next to him and kissed him passionately, "I just didn't
want them to hurt you."

"Oh Ryoko, you're so good to me."

They exchanged another kiss and headed down the hall towards the holding
cells.

*****

Krysler sat in his command chair and watched as the two groups raided the
Soja. He laughed to himself. Did they really think they could win? He was
merely letting them reach their destination, then he would dispose of them
personally. He was surprised to see Daigo wearing the robes of a Jurain
knight. The rumors that Azusa knighted him had to be true then. It was still
a trivial matter, they were no match for his power.

"Mitsuki," he called to his second-in-command, "Go to the holding block and
kill our prisoners."

"Yes sir," Mitsuki replied.

She saluted him and left he bridge. She was becoming a waste, and she
wouldn't be useful for much longer.

*****

Kiyone looked up as Mitsuki came into the room. She pulled her GP pistol and
pointed it at Kiyone.

"Stand up," she ordered.

Kiyone frowned but obeyed. There was no reason for her to get killed yet.
Mitsuki opened her cell and Kiyone exited. She faced Mitsuki as the traitor
turned off the safety. Suddenly, the ship rocked violently. Mitsuki stumbled
forward and Kiyone kicked her in the stomach. She bowled over and Kiyone
karate chopped the traitor in the back of the neck. Kiyone ran for the
dropped weapon, but Mitsuki tripped her. She fell to the ground and Mitsuki
grabbed the pistol. She aimed it at the downed Kiyone.

"How I've waited for this day," she fired a shot inches from Kiyone's head,
"Are you ready to die, Kiyone?"

Kiyone reached into her pocket and pulled out her combat yo-yo. She flung it
at Mitsuki and it exploded. The red haired traitor dropped her weapon and
Kiyone recovered it. She rolled Mitsuki onto her back and pointed the gun at
her tearing eyes.

"For the Galaxy Police?" Mitsuki asked.

"No," Kiyone replied, "For my murdered child."

She pulled the trigger repeatedly until there was nothing left of Mitsuki's
face. She holstered the weapon and opened Washu's cell.

"Kiyone, why?" she asked.

"I had to. It was the only way. Now, come on, it's time to leave this ship."

Washu nodded and they left the cell block.

*****

Daigo sliced through the metal door, and he and Ayeka entered. The room was
large and empty. The stainless steel walls were barren of anything. Daigo
readied himself for battle. Suddenly, a portion of the wall across the room
retreated back and revealed a giant television screen. It flickered to life
revealing Krysler's smiling face.

"Daigo, it's so good to see you," he greeted sarcastically.

"Where's Kiyone!?" Daigo yelled.

"How rude, not even asking how I am. But, don't worry, Kiyone's fine.
Although, I wish I could say the same for her child. You see, it had some
difficulties and won't be born."

"You monster!" Daigo felt his knees weaken, "Can't you even face me like a
man, coward!"

"Are you that eager to die? But, I was going to kill you anyway."

The wall slid back over the screen, and a previously unnoticed door opened.
Krysler emerged. He was wearing a black battle attire and was holding his
sword.

"Now," Krysler called to Daigo and Ayeka, "We fight!"

Chapter 8

Daigo lunged at Krysler, blade drawn, but the evil man grinned and
replicated a shield around himself. Daigo's blade cracked the shield, but
didn't puncture it. He repeatedly hacked at it until he needed to regroup.

"Is that all you've got?" Krysler taunted.

"No, I'm just getting started!"

Daigo fired a blast of Jurain energy that destroyed Krysler's shield. He
stumbled back, but was able to defend against Daigo's follow-up swipes.
Daigo and Krysler exchanged attacks until Krysler broke off. He jumped into
the air and landed twenty feet away from his original position.

"You are stronger than I anticipated," Krysler raised his hand, "But, not
strong enough!"

He fired a blast of energy that impacted Daigo in the chest. He flew up
against the wall and dented the silver metal. Ayeka ran to his side.

"Are you allright?" she asked.

"I'm fine, just a bit.....Ayeka! Look out!"

He shoved Ayeka back as another blast of energy hit him square in the chest.
The pain from the beam was greater than any he had felt before. Perhaps
Krysler was too strong to beat? No, he couldn't be.

Daigo slowly rose to his feet. He fired a blast of Jurain energy, but
Krysler reflected it with his hand.

"What a waste of Jurain energy," he gloated, "Let me show you how it's
done!"

He fired beams repeatedly at Daigo. The blast struck him and knocked him
back down. He tried to move, but felt death tug at his elbow. He shook the
feeling off as best he could. He couldn't give up. He had vowed for
vengeance against Krysler for the things he had done to his Kiyone. He
couldn't fail her now.

*****

Kiyone shot the three guards and they dropped to the ground, dead. She and
Washu raced down the hall. They turned the corner and ran into Tenchi! He
was followed by Ryoko.

"Tenchi, Ryoko!" Washu exclaimed, "Are we glad to see you."

"I see you've escaped," Tenchi said, "Follow me, Daigo's hunting down
Krysler this way."

He sprinted back the way he had come and the three woman followed. They
rounded some corners and killed some guards. Eventually, Kiyone and the
group found themselves in a large room. Kiyone spotted Krysler beating Daigo
with a rapid succession of punches. Daigo tried to dodge the attacks, but
most of them hit their mark.

"Daigo!" Kiyone screamed.

Both combatants turned to her. Krysler smiled wickedly, and Daigo tried to
call back. Krysler kicked Daigo in the ribs and he fell to the ground. He
turned to Kiyone and fired an energy beam. Kiyone ducked as the beam soared
over her head and impacted Ryoko in the stomach. She screamed in pain and
was blasted through the wall. Kiyone scrambled to her feet and fired
repeatedly. Krysler laughed as the shots hit an invisible field around him.
Tenchi drew the Tenchi-ken and attacked. The blue blade struck the field and
it was destroyed.

"What!?" Krysler yelled confused, "This cannot be!"

While he and Tenchi exchanged attacks, Kiyone ran to the beaten Daigo. She
knelt beside him and rubbed his bloody hand on her cheek.

"Daigo," she whispered, "Are you allright?"

"I'm fine," he choked out, along with some blood, "Just a minor setback."

"Please don't die on me."

"I won't, I promise."

Before Kiyone could say more, a hand clamped onto her neck and she was flung
away from him, and across the room. She looked up and saw a bloody Krysler
standing over Daigo. Kiyone glanced around the room and saw Tenchi, Washu,
and Ayeka sprawled on the floor. She hoped they were only unconscious.

"Now, my friend," Krysler hissed at Daigo, "Your end has arrived."

Kiyone screamed his name as Krysler rammed his energy sword into Daigo's
chest. Krysler left the blade hissing in him and walked triumphantly over to
Kiyone. He bent down and forced a kiss onto her.

"Now, my darling," he grinned evilly, "We can be together again."

She screamed Daigo's name again.

*****

"This is Red leader," Nagi called into her radio, "Converge on target."

After learning about the group's sudden disappearance, Nagi "convinced" the
Supreme commander into letting her lead a heavy assault against Soja. She
was granted permission an took the entire fleet back into battle.
Surprisingly, all the soldiers had rallied behind her and were attacking the
ship. Nagi, aboard Ken-ohki, fired at the ship and watched its batteries
erupt. She retargeted Ken-ohki and fired again. This time, eighteen fighters
were destroyed. Her assumptions were correct. They had dealt a larger blow
to FANG than she was told. The entire cruiser fleet was under repair and
most of Soja was destroyed.

"Red leader," a familiar voice came over the radio, "This is Yagami II,
over."

"This is Red leader, go ahead Mihoshi."

"Daigo, Ayeka, Ryoko, and Tenchi beamed aboard Soja to find Kiyone and
Washu. But that was an hour ago!"
"Roger that Mihoshi. I'll assist them."

Nagi redirected Ken-ohki to a nearby hatch. She was going in.

*****

Daigo gasped for air as the wound in his chest grew increasingly painful.
Blood and tears soaked his face. He laid there lifeless as Krysler forced a
kiss on Kiyone. He felt a deep rage churn in his stomach. He wanted to lash
out with that rage, but a tiny voice told him not to. Instead, he watched
Krysler kissing a helpless Kiyone. That was what he need to fuel the
building determination and anger. Suddenly, something signaled that he was
ready. Daigo unleashed his rage in a gigantic explosion.

*****

Aboard the Admiral Byrd, Supreme Commander Yoshihito watched the bright
light from Soja blaze. It was magnificent. The specter of three beams of
light seemed to stretch endlessly into space. He smiled at the beams. This
could mean only one thing, Daigo now had the power to win.

"Sir, that's....that's....," a young officer choked beside him.

"Yes, Sergeant," Yoshihito replied, "It's the three wings of the Light
Hawk."

*****

"Impossible!" Krysler declared as Daigo rose to his feet.

Daigo didn't reply. He marveled at his new appearance. His Jurain armor was
replaced with a brilliant white attire trimmed in light blue and gold. He
felt a hundred times stronger and a hundred times determined.

"You cannot be alive!" Krysler ranted on, "You should be dead!"

"I feel quite alive friend," Daigo responded, "And I'm going to teach you
about messing with a man's lady."

Krysler bit his lip and fired a powerful blast of energy. Daigo snapped his
finger and the beam dissipated. Krysler stumbled back and looked at Kiyone,
then Daigo, then Kiyone, then Daigo again.

"The legend, it is true!" he gasped.

"What legend?" Daigo demanded.

"The legend that tells of a woman who finds and loves the man who will rise
up to defeat Krysler," a voice answered.

Both men turned to find Nagi. She was wearing her usual black cloak and
Ken-ohki and Ki-ohki were perched on her shoulders.

"I am somewhat disappointed," Nagi continued, "I thought Tenchi was that
man. Oh well, at least you are going to die Krysler. Daigo, I'll take them
all back to the ship. You finish you business with him."

Nagi proceeded to escort the fatigued battlers out of the room. After a
minute of silence, they were alone.

"Where were we?" Daigo asked.

"I'd say about here!"

Krysler vanished and appeared behind Daigo. He tried to run the sword though
his back, but Daigo folded his wings down the block the attack. He pivoted
and knocked Krysler into the wall with a left elbow to the nose. Krysler
rose to his feet and wiped the blood from his broken nose.

"I'll kill you for that!" he yelled.

Daigo pulled a wing from the array and it changed into the Light Hawk sword.

"Bring it on!"

Krysler charged and Daigo followed. The both swiped and landed back to back.
Krysler smiled.

"It seems I've overestimated myself," he choked, "Today belongs to you."

He collapsed to the floor. Daigo leaned down and checked on him. Despite the
anger he felt, Daigo respected Krysler as a fighter.

"You have beaten me," he hacked up blood, "But, I'll still win."

He reached into his pocket and produced a small remote. He pushed a button
and then died.

"Warning!" a voice announced, "Ship detonation imminent! Evacuate!"

Daigo rose and ran to the door. It slid down and shut tightly. He cut an
exit with the Light Hawk sword and ran down the hall. He knew he wasn't
going to make it, but damnit, he had to try. Finally, he arrived at an
escape pod. He fastened himself in and hit the launch button just as the
ship exploded.

*****

Aboard the Yagami II, Kiyone watched the Soja explode.

"Daigo!!" she screamed.

Tears flooded down her eyes and she collapsed to the floor. He was gone. He
was really gone. He had given his life to protect her. He always protected
her at any cost, but now, Daigo had paid the ultimate one. Kiyone felt a
hand on her shoulder. She looked up to see Tenchi.

"I'm sorry," he whispered, "I know how much you loved him."

"I did," she stuttered, "I did love him."

Kiyone wept to herself the entire way to Jurai. The council, upon learning
about Krysler's deception and defeat, issued a full apology for the war. The
Galaxy Police understood and peace talks began. Soon after that, a treaty
was signed. Jurai contacted Ayeka and told her she had to assume the duties
of empress until a new emperor could be elected. She accepted and they were
all going to Jurai to be awarded for their hand in defeating Krysler and
destroying all remnants of FANG.

*****

It was a week later and Kiyone found herself sitting in the dressing room of
Jurai's Royal Palace. She, Ryoko, Nagi, Tenchi, Mihoshi, and Washu were to
be honored. She was dressed in her formal Galaxy Police uniform. It was
black and had a skirt instead of long pants. Kiyone straightened the tie and
checked on the others. Ryoko was wearing a Jurai royal gown Ayeka had loaned
her. It was brown and was trimmed ruby red. Mihoshi was dressed in the same
uniform as Kiyone, but hers was navy blue. Nagi was wearing her usual cloak,
but she did seemed to have combed her hair. Washu was dressed in her best
science academy uniform and was typing on her holo-top. There was a knock at
the door and Tenchi entered. He was wearing the same royal robes that he
wore on their last visit.

"Ready?" he asked.

All of them nodded and followed him out. They lined up side by side to the
entrance of the main hall. The music began and the doors opened. Kiyone was
amazed at how many people were there. To her left was the Jurain military,
and on her right was the Galaxy Police. She spotted Ayeka and Commander
Yoshihito waiting at the end of the hall. They all slowly walked down the
aisle until they reached the base of the steps to the throne. They kneeled
in the presence of the temporary empress.

"You may rise," Ayeka said, her voice plush and cheerful. They obeyed," as a
token of the entire universe's gratitude to you all, I have the honor of
presenting you with the Medal of Honor from Jurai, and the Platinum Cross
from the Galaxy Police."

She walked to each of them and pinned the two medals on all of them. Kiyone
looked at her two medals and sighed.

Daigo deserves these medals. He killed Krysler for god's sake. But, he did
it at the price of his own life.

The ceremony ended and was followed by a great feast.

*****

The radio operator glanced at Jurai's SONAR and pondered the craft that
appeared on the screen. It didn't register with Jurai's ships. He punched a
few controls. It was a Galaxy Police vessel.

"Oh well," he sighed, "Probably just an officer late for the ceremony."

He turned to another computer and never gave the ship another thought.

*****

Kiyone stood alone on the balcony of the Juraian Royal Palace. She did not
feel like attending the feast. For some reason, she didn't feel hungry. She
had silently excused herself and left the hall. Now, she was watching the
night sky with Ki-ohki by her side.

What do you think Ki-ohki? Am I wrong for acting like this?

I don't know. The only advice I can give is to act on your emotions. That's
the only was to live a full life.

I guess you're right.

She sighed and turned to go back in. Kiyone found herself bumping into a
man's chest. She fell to the ground.

"I'm sorry," she apologized, embarrassed," I didn't see you."

"It's okay," he replied, "Here, let me help you up."

He offered a hand and pulled her to her feet. Kiyone glanced at the
stranger. He was dressed in a formal Galaxy Police uniform. It was emerald
green, signifying his rank as a captain. He was wearing the matching hat and
a pair of black sunglasses. Kiyone thought that Galaxy Police officers
weren't allowed to wear sunglasses at formal occasions.

"Hey," she said, "I thought you weren't allowed to wear those at
ceremonies."

"Well," he replied, "I've never been one for the rules. You know that."

He removed the sunglasses to reveal a pair of hazel eyes. Kiyone gasped as
she recognized him. Kiyone threw her arms around him and they kissed
passionately. After a minute, she broke the kiss.

"I don't believe it," she whispered, "You're dead."

"Do I look dead?" Daigo asked.

"But how?"

He kissed her gently.

"Don't worry about the past. Let's just worry about the future."

"Oh, my Daigo."

They stood on the balcony holding each other until the feast was over. They
retired to Kiyone's quarters. She noticed some strange looks from Tenchi and
Ryoko, who's room was across from hers. She sat down on the bed while he
tossed his hat on the chair.

"Kiyone," he said, taking her in his arms, "About our child...."

"It's allright," she interrupted, "I'm over it. What do you say we get
married and start us another family."

"Anything for you, my Kiyone."

From the chair across the room, Ki-ohki meowed happily.



The End

A Call to Arms was made without the permission of Pioneer or AIC animation.
Tenchi Muyo! and all related characters are property of Pioneer\AIC. EVA is
property of Westwood Studios and was also used without permission. Daigo
Kogima and Ki-ohki are property of William Mooney and William Books inc.
This story was intended for the amusement of Tenchi Muyo! fans and is not to
be sold for a profit. Copies may be obtained for free by request at
willrick@traid.quik.com.

Musical inspiration for A Call to Arms includes:

Meatloaf's Bat Out of Hell

Meatloaf's Bat Out of Hell II: Back into Hell

Creed's Human Clay

AC\DC's Stiff Upper Lip

Theatrical inspiration for A Call to Arms includes:

Gundam Wing

Command and Conquer Series

Patton

Independence Day

All questions and comments on A Call to Arms can be sent to
willrick@triad.quik.com. The author holds all existing copyrights on the
story but acknowledges the ones held by all respective companies and
organizations.



Daigo Kogima will return........
