Disclaimer- I don't own any of these characters. They are owned by AIC and
Pioneer. By the way. I'm flat broke! Ha ha hhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaa! So there is
no reason to sue me.

    Tenchi was about to walk out of his room and guess who stopped him.
That's right, Ryoko.

    "Tenchi..." she purred.

    Tenchi turned red because he knew what was going to happen. "What?" he
asked in a nervous voice.

    "Why don't you and me-" a loud explosion occurred. It was a stroke of
luck for Tenchi. While Ryoko looked out the window he took this time to
escape the room.

    Tenchi was halfway down the stairs when Aeka appeared at the bottom of
the steps. Tenchi jumped over the reeling on his right and when he landed he
booked right for the door and kicked it open.

    He ran outside and shouted "I'm frrreeeeeeeee!!!" Tenchi was planning to
hide out in the woods all day since it was his day off.

    He lay him-self looking skyward in the middle of a small field. He took
this time to think about who to choose. He had to, otherwise Ryoko or Aeka
would eventually kill him. He thought long and hard for four straight hours.

    Tenchi's stomach growled. He was starving.

    "Hungry... need... food. But just how am I supposed to get by Ryoko and
Aeka. Hhhhhhhmmmmmmmm," he thought. Tenchi shrugged, stood up, and walked in
the direction of his house.

    Tenchi quietly snuck in through the kitchen door. Only Mioshi was at the
table and she was sleeping. Tenchi walked across the room and grabbed a bag
off the counter and shoved as much food as he could into the bag.

    Tenchi opened the back door when he sneezed. The body of Mioshi stirred
and her eyes slowly opened.

    "Huh. Is that you Tenchi?" Mioshi asked. "What's in the bag?"

    "Uh food for lunch. Do you want go eat lunch with me at the lake?" he
replied quickly.

    A voice inside Tenchi's head asked in a polite voice "What the hell did
you just do?"

    Mioshi looked away from him and said "Sure. I'll go."

    The entire way to the lake Mioshi didn't look at Tenchi.

    Mioshi looked in the direction that they were walking in and asked, "Why
are we going to the forest?"

    "Well there's a lake there too. I was there earlier," Tenchi replied.

    "Oh. Why did you ask me to go with you instead of Ryoko or Aeka?"

    Tenchi dreaded this question "They make me nervous. If I asked Ryoko to
come it would brake Aeka's heart. And if I asked Aeka it would be the same
with Ryoko," he answered as they entered the forest.

    Mioshi still didn't understand but she just nodded her head.

    "Here we are!" Tenchi exclaimed.

    Mioshi looked up and saw the lake "Its beautiful!" And she was right.
There was a light mist hovering over the lake, a few swans were swimming
around in it, the water was so still you could see a perfect reflection of
yourself, and there was a small hill infront of them that was right next to
the lake. They sat down on the hill and started to eat.

    "How did you find this place?" Mioshi asked.

    "My mother showed it to me," he said quietly. Tears came to his eyes. He
remembered the first time his mother brought him there. He was four years
old
when his mother brought him there. He remembered having a picnic there with
his mother. It was painful for him to think about his mother again.

    He leaned backwards and let himself fall onto the soft grass.

    Tenchi woke up and saw that Mioshi had fallen asleep also. He stood up
and saw that the sun was setting.

    "Mioshi wake up!" Tenchi told Mioshi excitedly while shaking her
shoulder.

    "Huh? Oh my," Mioshi silently said when she saw the lake. Mioshi sat up
and gazed forward. The suns light reflected of the lake, went through the
mist which caused a small double-rainbow.

    Tenchi sat next to Mioshi and looked at the double-rainbow. He felt
relaxed next to Mioshi. He even started to love her.

    He looked at Mioshi and said, "I love you."

    Mioshi turned her head and looked at him "What did you say?"

    "I love you."

    When Tenchi said those words Mioshi fainted.

**************************************************************************

    About 20 minutes later…


"Where is Tenchi?" Ryoko shouted at Aeka.

    "I don't know!" Aeka replied by shouting in Ryoko's ear.

    "Well, where is he then?" Ryoko then floated over to Aeka's closet and
tore the door off the hinges. "You really are obsessed with Tenchi," there
were pictures of him all over the place along with some other things that he
owned.

    "Can you go now?"

    "Yeah sure. Now where could he be?" Ryoko asked herself.

    She floated over the lake, looked around, then flew really high and saw
Mioshi kissing Tenchi. Or was it the other way around, she couldn't tell.
Ryoko started to cry and teleported to her room.

**************************************************************************

    Aeka stepped out of the house and walked towards the lake. When she got
there she looked into the woods and saw Tenchi walk out of the forest with
his arm around Mioshi.

    "Tenchi… Why?" Aeka turned around and quickly walked back to the house.

    "I can't believe you love me," Mioshi told Tenchi.

    Tenchi looked into her eyes and said, "I've have always loved you. I
just
didn't realize it until today."

    "I just can't-" Tenchi kissed her before she could finish.

    "Thank you," she replied.

**************************************************************************

They walked into the house and were greeted by Tenchi's father.

    "Well done my boy!" He shouted happily while patting Tenchi's back.

    "Does Ryoko and Aeka know?" Tenchi asked Nibyoki (Did I spell that
right?) in a concerned voice.

    "Sadly, yes," Nibyoki replied solemnly.

    Tenchi's head hung low and he replied "I should go talk to them, is that
okay Mioshi?"

    Mioshi nodded and said, "It is the only thing you can do."


Tenchi trudged up the stairs like he was in mud. He knocked on the door to
Ryoko's room but there was no answer. So he went to Aeka's room. The door
slid open and Aeka stepped out. Her eyes were red from crying.

"I'm sorry Aeka," Tenchi told Aeka.

"No I'm sorry for keeping you from finding out that you loved Mioshi. I only
slowed you down," Aeka replied and started to cry.

    "It doesn't matter. Before all of you came my life really had no meaning
to it. So I'm glad you came."

    "I'm just so sorry!" she sobbed.

    "No, I'm sorry for letting you fight over me for the past two years to
find out I wasn't going to marry you."

    "But I'm a little glad you didn't choose Ryoko."

    "Where did she go?"

    "She left…"



    End of part 1. What did ya think? Send any feedback to
JSe7666564@aol.com
