Disclaimer: I didn't create Tenchi Muyo, AIC and Pioneer did.  Please don't
sue me.

(God I hate doing this!  I mean this is stupid!  No one in AIC or Pioneer is
going to read this, they have better things to do with there time then read
bunch of fanfic by amateur writers!)

^_^

This is my first series.  So I wanted to do something that would involve the
hole group.  You know like...Um....Well....Uh...  To tell you the truth I
can't compare right now!  Well, on with the show!

by Tank Cop

A Matter of Life or Death: Part 1: Fall of the Innocent

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------

Dawn brakes as Yosho leaves the house to go to the temple.  As he enters the
kitchen he notices something very strange.  "That's odd where's Sasami?
She's usually up and staring breakfast about now?"  Then he just shock his
head.  "She's probably just sleeping in.  It is a Saturday."

So Yosho goes over to the refrigerator and gets a muffin and a glass of
milk.
 Then leaves the house.  When he looks back and sees that Sasami's window is
wide opened!

"That's very strange, Sasami never leaves her window opened?"  Yosho walks
back into the house and up the stares to Sasami's room.

He opens Sasami's door slowly.  "Sasami are you ok?"  Yosho looks in and
sees
Sasami lying on the floor with her eye open and not moving!  Yosho screams!
"SASAMI!"  Yosho rushes to Sasami and checks her pulse, there is none!  "Oh
God Sasami, please don't leave use!"  Yosho picks Sasami up and runs to
Washu's subspace lab.

Washu hears the door slam open and a very worried Yosho.  "Washu, Sasami
is...she needs your help, HURRY!"  Washu rushes to Yosho and sees Sasami's
lifeless body in his arms.  "Get her on the Bio-Bed, QUICK!"  Yosho lays
Sasami on the bed and prays, while Washu calls her Med-Bots to help her with
Sasami.  "Give me 15cc's of Cordacen stat!"  There's still no pulse.
"Increase the heart starter to 50, CLEAR!"  *ZAP*  Still no pulse.  Washu
trys again.  "CLEAR!"  *ZAP*  Still no pulse.

Thirty painful minuets later.  The rest of the family gets up.  Aeka walks
past Sasami's room and sees that she's not there.  "She must have breakfast
ready by now, such a good sister."  Aeka walks down stares and sees Yosho
and
Washu with there head's down and a sad look like Ryo-Ohki had just died or
something!

Washu looks up and sees Aeka walking down the stares.  She walks over to
her.
 "Aeka you'd better sit down, you'd all better sit down.  Me and Yosho have
some very sad news.  Sasami is...Sasami is.."  "Is what?"  Aeka demand.
"Sasami is dying!"

Aeka just sits there not a word, then she starts to crying.  "Is there any
thing you can do for her?"  Aeka asked.  Washu shacks her head.  "I'm sorry,
but the best and only thing that I can be done was to put Sasami into a
stasis camber.  In order to stop the process, but it didn't it only slowed
it
down."  Aeka with a tremble in her voice asks.  "How long does she have
until..."  "Two Weeks."  Washu responds.  "It seems that a new form of super
virus has infected Sasami's blood and that is what's killing her."

Aeka runs out of the house crying.  "I'll go after her."  Tenchi said as he
left the house after her.

Ryoko was so mad that she grabbed Washu's shirt, flung her against the wall,
and held her there.  "Tell me what the cure is or you die!"  Ryoko demanded.
Yosho grabs Ryoko's arm and trys to calm her down.  "Ryoko please, hurting
Washu will not help solve anything.  Now I'm going to call Mihoshi and
Kiyone, they maybe able to help."  Ryoko lets Washu go and fazes out of
site.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------

Tenchi search's the forest looking for Aeka.  He finally finds her right
next
to Funaho.  She's always loved that spot.

Tenchi walks over to Aeka slowly.  "Aeka can I sit with you?"  Aeka looks up
with tear filled eyes. "Yes, please Tenchi."  Tenchi sits down next to Aeka
as they look out into the pond.  "Sasami always loved to come here and sit.
She said that if you listen very closely to the wind it almost sounds alive
with love!  But I can't hear it anymore."  Aeka said tearfully.  She looks
at
Tenchi with tears in her eyes.  "When she first got here she told me that
this is where we belong.  On a planet where our royal titles didn't matter.
That place is here she said, but this planet of our dreams has turned into a
horrible nightmare."  Aeka then throws her head in Tenchi's chest and cries
uncontrollably.  "Oh Tenchi.  What am I going to do without her.  I just
can't sit by and let her die, I have to do something to help her."

Tenchi takes hold of Aeka's shoulders and looks her in the eyes.  "There is
something you can do for your sister Aeka?"

Aeka stops crying. "What can I do?"

"You can pray."  Tenchi said. Tenchi then takes Aeka in his arms and kiss
her.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------

The phone in Mihoshi and Kyione's apartment goes off.  *RING, RING*
"Mihoshi
can you get it, I'm in the shower!"  Ok Kiyone, hello."  Yosho on the other
end of the line.  "Hello Mihoshi, are you sitting down and where's Kiyone?"
Mihoshi sits down on the couch.  "I'm sitting down now and Kiyone's in the
shower.  So what's up?"  Yosho takes a deep breath.  "I have some sad news.
Sasami is dying!"  For a moment Yosho can hear nothing on the other line.
"Mihoshi are you there?"  "Yes, yes.  How...*WEEP*!"  Mihoshi can barley
finish a sentience without crying.  "How *SNIF* will she *WEEP* die?"  Yosho
takes his time in answering her, trying not to make the situation worse then
it already is.  "she's dying of a virus infection."  How long *SNIF* does
she
have?"  "Two weeks.  I was hoping that you and Kiyone could help us to find
a
cure for her before..."  Mihoshi stops him mid-sentience.  "will be *WEEP*
at
your place in one *SNIF* hour, bye."  Mihoshi hangs up the phone and cries.

Kiyone walks into the room dressed in a bath towel.  "Who was that Mihoshi?"
Kiyone sees Mihoshi crying.  She walks over and sits down next to her
friend.
 "Mihoshi what's wrong?  Please tell me."  Mihoshi looks at Kiyone.  "Its
Sasami she's...she's..."  Mihoshi starts crying before she can finish her
sentience.  Kiyone grabs Mihoshi and demands to know.  "Mihoshi get a hold
of
yourself, and tell me what's wrong with Sasami?"  Mihoshi screams out.
"SASAMI'S GOING TO DIE!"  Kiyone for a brief moment seems lost, for what
seems like forever.  "Are you sure?"  Kiyone asks.  Mihoshi nods.  "Yes,
Yosho called me and told us to get over to there place and help them find a
cure."

Kiyone rushes to get her car keys.  "Then lets go!"  As she opens the door,
Mihoshi yells!  "Kiyone wait!"  Kiyone looks in surprise at her partner!
"What, we have to hurry."  Mihoshi stares at her partner.  "Maybe you should
get dressed first!"  Kiyone looks down to see that she's still wearing a
bath
towel, only!

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------

Yosho walks up onto the roof to see if Ryoko is ok.  He sees her at the
front
edge of the roof.  He walks over to her and stands next to her.  "Ryoko have
you been crying?"

Ryoko wipes the tears from her eyes.  "No, I don't cry.  I'm Ryoko the
greatest space pirate in the Universe.  I don't cry.  My eyes are just dry,
its humid out here."  She takes hold of Yosho's hand and stands up.  "I'm
sorry for loosing my temper in there.  Its just the shock, I mean who would
do this to Sasami, she would never hurt anyone, she couldn't even if she
wanted to."  Ryoko starts to tremble with anger and rage.  "When I find the
Son-of-a-Bitch that did this to Sasami, I will rip his or her Fucking head
off and stick it on a poll outside the house!  To serve as a warning to all
those who would try such a thing again!"  Ryoko said with fire in her eyes!

Yosho trys to calm her down.  "Ryoko please, you have to calm down, its no
good for Sasami or you to get all work up like this.  I'm sorry that I don't
have an answer for you Ryoko, but we can't let this incident destroy use."
Yosho looks at Ryoko.  "Lets go inside the others are waiting for us."

Ryoko gives Yosho a look of relief.  "Thank you, Yosho."

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------

Everyone is in Washu's subspace lab watching the big monitor that is showing
a camera view of Sasami's room.

"So tell me again Washu, why were not aloud into Sasami's room and your only
letting a Cam-Bot in?"  Kiyone asked.

Its very simple really.  We don't know if this virus is contagious, it could
spread to all of use then to the public and so on."  Washu said.  Within
seconds the computer was done.  "Well, the good news is that its not
contagious.  Wait there's a different DNA pattern here!  It might be the
attacker!  I'm running it throw the DNA scanner now."  Washu said.  Within
seconds the computer showed the face of Sasami's attacker.  When they saw
who
it was, everyone was more shocked by this, then they were when they found
out
Sasami was dying!

Ryoko spoke up first.  "Never in a billion lifetimes would I ever have
thought that it would be her!  Nagi!  How could she do this, why would she
do
this, is it to get at me?"

Aeka turned to Ryoko.  "Do you know where she is?"  Ryoko looks at her.  "If
I knew that I would be off this planet and that Bitch would be dead right
now!"

Washu slaps her head as if she hadn't thought of something before.  "Why
didn't I think of that before.  She gave Sasami the virus, then she must
have
the cure as well, we have to find her."  Ryoko gives Washu a doubtful look.
"Where are you going to look.  Ken-Ohki can fly just as fast as Ryo-Ohki.
She's probably on the other side of the galaxy by now!"  But Washu had a
plan
in mind.  "Then you'll have to go to space and look for her."  Kiyone
question's Washu's idea.  "How are we going to find her in a short time, by
going together in Ryo-Ohki?"  Washu shacks her head.  "Your not all going to
go in Ryo-Ohki.  You will spilt up into three groups of two, each of you
will
search every conner of the galaxy until you find Nagi.  Ryoko will take
Ryo-Ohki and search for her in the places where the worst scum in the galaxy
dwell.  You know the place I'm talking about Ryoko."  Ryoko knowing exactly
where she's talking about.  "Yes, the Bad Land, ya I know that place all
right.  If she's there I'll find her."  Washu counties.  "Kiyone and Mihoshi
will head to the planets patrolled by other Galaxy Police.  Also see if they
can give us any help in locating Nagi, will need it.  And lastly Tenchi and
Aeka.  You two will search the area's of space that is owned by the Jurian
family.  Me and Yosho will stay here to monitor Sasami's condition."

Washu walks up to Aeka and puts her hand on her shoulder.  "I know what I'm
about to ask you will be difficult but..."  Aeka looks at the ground and
replays in a low voice.  "I know...I'll contact my father and tell him to
send us a ship, I'll also tell him about Sasami...You know that when this is
over, I'll be forced to leave Earth with or without Sasami!"

A hush falls over the group.  Then Washu says.  "Yes, I know, but it is the
only way to save Sasami's life.  All my attempts to find a cure have failed.
But it is your choice."  Aeka stands up and walks to the chair next to the
monitor activates the flouting key pad and sits down.  "I'd like to be alone
for a while if you don't mind."

Everyone clears the room except Tenchi.  Aeka looks at Tenchi with anger
eyes.  "I said get out!"  Tenchi says.  "If you want to talk to me later you
know where to find me."  He closed the door behind him on his way out.

Aeka sits there for a long time, in the dark.  But not as alone, and dark as
she fells in her heart.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------

An hour later Aeka comes out of Washu's lab with tears in her eye.  Tenchi
walks up to her.  "Are you ok Aeka, will your father help us?"  Aeka nods
her
head.  "He will help us.  The Jurian fleet will arrive in tree days, then we
can begin our hunt for Nagi!"

TO BE CONTINUED..............

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------

See what happens in the next episode "A Matter of Life or Death: Part 2: The
Hunt For Nagi!"

Well, I hope you enjoyed  the first part of my series.  This is my first
time
I have ever done a series before, I hope that I get good revues so I can
continue to write more stories.

Please E-mail me what you think.  Be honest with your comments, don't try to
make me feel good just because I deserve it!

Until the next story, good-bye!

Tank Cop ^_^
