Hiya everybody!  This is my first fic so don’t bite my head off if it sucks.
  Oh yeah, all Tenchi Muyo characters belong to Pioneer so don’t sue me, I
do, however, own Rasiel so don’t steal him, or else. This fic is about a
newcomer to the Masaki household and how he affects Ryoko’s life.  Send all
comments, complaints, compliments, ect. To aaron_lapacz@hotmail.com.

A New Love Prologe
By Viktor Lafaye

        “Come on Con-okie, can’t you go any faster than this!?” Rasiel
yelled as
Con-okie flew at top speed while the Galaxy Police fired shot after shot at
the cabbit space ship.  “If we can get out of this solar system the Galaxy
Police won’t be able to follow us any more, come on!” Boom!  Boom! “Oh
great, what now?”  >An onboard explosion, that’s what!<  “What?” Can’t you
fix it?” >do you really want me to answer that?< “I don’t like the sound of
that Con-okie” >At least your not stupid< BOOM! A large missile hits the
ship.  “AAAA!” a large piece of crystle wedges it self in Rasiels shoulder
sending him to the floor.  >Rasiel, we’re going down!<  Both yell in horror
as they fall toward a small blue planet.
                                     *            *             *
        “Hey what’s that?” Mihoshi askes in her usual innocent voice as she
watches
something fall from the sky.  “I don’t know,BUT IT”S HEADING  STRAIGHT FOR
US!! Yells a horrified Tenchi.  Splash!  The object hits the lake with a
loud splash.  “Come on, we have to see if there are any survivors!” says
Tenchi as he heads out the door.  “Right” says everyone else as they follow
him.

        When everyone gets to the lake all they see are the waves left by
the
crash.  They’re about to jump in when a hand emerges from the water and
pulls a very hurt Rasiel on to the bank.  Everyone rushes over to help him
but when they get there he is already unconcious, “Come on, let’s get him to
the lab” says a very concerned Washu.
