Disclaimer: I did this for free, you do the math.

In a time of desperate need, we all need a hero...

Aeka's 725th Birthday
Part II: Black Metal King
________________________________________________________________________________

An original Tenchi Muyo! Dark Fiction written by Ultima Trev

_____Darkness covers the city of Okayama, Japan. Lucifer's reign has wasted the 
Choushin, the Juraian Prince Yosho, and finally Princess Aeka. Tenchi's heart is 
broken, his conscience is fried, and his anger is maxed out. Lucifer is happy at 
the sight of others being tormented, and he enjoys to kill. But the torment of 
one Tenchi Masaki has made him far too happy.

"I will never let you get away with this; I will make you suffer." Tenchi stares 
a hole through Lucifer again.

"Why are you shifting the blame? It's your fault." Lucifer then licks his lips, 
for he is hungry for blood.

"How is it my fault? You killed them!" Tenchi's eyes then glow blood Red.

"It's your fault because you were too weak to rescue them."

Tenchi's rage begins to fade a bit. * He's right, I was unable to save them. 
What does this make of me? *

"Tenchi, don't give into his bullshit charade!" The space pirate has returned.

"Ryouko, where are the others?!" Tenchi still had a hint of rage in his voice.

"They all boarded Nobuyuki's van and are leaving town." Ryouko then notices 
Aeka's corpse. She now begins sheds tears. "She didn't deserve this."

"Ryouko?"

"Now that she's dead, I don't know what to do. Surely we never got along, but 
she was such a soft, caring person."
Ryouko then turns to face Lucifer. "You bastard, Aeka was no threat to you. She 
was completely defenseless."

Lucifer then frowns. "Don't you dare get soft on me too. This emotional crap 
really pisses me off."

"You just don't know when to quit!" Ryouko phases into her battle attire.

"That's more like it, show me your true power!" Lucifer regains his evil grin.

"Tenchi, pray to have the third gem returned to me!"

_____Tenchi has no right to say no this time. His takes the Master key from 
Yosho's corpse and prays to have the last gem returned.

Once Ryouko's final gem is returned, she calls forth tremendous telekinetic 
energy. "NOW YOU WILL NOW HOW DEFENSELESS AEKA WAS!!"

Lucifer's grin turns into a full fledged smile, showing all of his monstrous 
teeth. "So this is the power that the Choushin could not control themselves, and 
you are the instrument that can."

_____Lucifer throws the Light Hawk Trident at Ryouko, but Ryouko calls forth 
thirteen Light Hawk Wings to protect her from all harm.

Lucifer's look of joy on his face abruptly turned into a light frown. * So it's 
true after all. *

"Ryouko?" Tenchi was stunned at her enormous power.

"When these gems are in sync, I possess the powers of all four Arch Angels." 
Ryouko made the LHW disappear and called forth the Light Hawk Axe.

Lucifer then smiles once again. "They possess the powers of the Arch Angels from 
50,000 years ago. I've grown so much stronger since then, while the others have 
gotten rusty."

"What are you claiming?" Ryouko has a look of Curiosity on her face.

"My powers are now a hundred fold of the other Arch Angels." Lucifer then laughs 
as if there was tomorrow.

"You're full of it!" Ryouko charges Lucifer and slices him with the LHA.

"You bitch!"

Ryouko laughs, she has managed to cut off Lucifer's arm. "Well Satan, where's 
this Godlike power you were referring to?"

* Damn it, something's not right. Why is my full power gone? *

Ryouko now laughs hysterically. "Unless you have the Ring of Darkness in your 
possession, your full power will cease to be. But that's not the case, is it?"

"Your concept is somewhat accurate, but not quite. Now my friend, brace yourself 
for the fiery depths of Hell!"

_____Lucifer raises his remaining arm and suddenly everyone is teleported to a 
dark planet filled with magma rivers, and several cities with technology similar 
to the Jurai Science Academy. Hell has progresses into a civilized world, as 
well as a state of the art military installation.

Theme Music: "Twisted Tower of Fire" by Dark Army. ( If you're gonna get on my 
case for liking Black Metal you can piss off )

Lucifer's arm regenerates. "Look at this! Hell is now a world full of 
technology, technology far superior to your own!"

Ryouko isn't impressed. "Who cares? Let's get this over with."

"You don't get it, once in Hell my full power will return." Lucifer then emits 
massive telekinetic energy as well.

"WHAT'S GOING ON?!!" Tenchi mind can't fathom power like this, let alone baring 
to witness it. "Aaaaahhh!"

"TENCHI!!" Ryouko phases to his side.

"MAKE IT STOP!!"

Satan laughs. "Our intense energy must be emitting a harsh, low frequency sound 
that's eating at his brain as we know it."

_____Ryouko grabs Tenchi and phases back to Earth, and returns after he is safe.

Lucifer: "I don't get it with you. Your power far exceeds his, yet you still 
love him. And let's not forget, he doesn't love you like you do with him."

Ryouko glares. "It doesn't matter if he loves Aeka, I will still love him. He 
has saved me from the death countless times."

"You knew he has chosen Aeka? Interesting."

"These gems link me with him as well as Washu and Ryo-ohki."

_____Lucifer draws the Light Hawk Trident once again. Since his power is now at 
full, Ryouko doesn't see it coming. Ryouko has been stabbed in the stomach, and 
now she is literally drooling blood.

Ryouko vision goes blurry. "Finish me, as long as Tenchi's safe I'll be happy."

"Safe? He doesn't have what it takes to defeat me, and I'll track him down like 
a Rotwiler hunting its prey." Lucifer then gets ready to stab her again.

"PAGUASANFA!!"

_____A tremendous ki blast speeds towards Lucifer, blinding him. Lucifer can't 
react in time, so the blast hits him dead in the face, making his head explode.

"Who are you?" Ryouko ask in a soft, dying tone.

The man summons up energy like in Final Fantasy VII and cast some sort of cure 
spell on Ryouko. "I am H4xor, Descendent of the Grand Jin-Jitsu Samurai Master 
Kai Tseng."

Talk is cut short as Lucifer regenerates his head. "That was something else 
indeed. I've heard much about the Jin-Jitsu Samurai, why don't you show me more 
of your fabulous power?"

H4xor grins. "Why are you so eager to die?"

"Die? Me? I think you are deluding yourself. I will never die. I AM THE ANGEL OF 
DARKNESS, IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO KILL ME!!"

H4xor then draws a sword out of five-foot holster. "Allow me to correct you. 
This is the all mighty Osafune Katana, it's more than capable of finishing you 
off one and for all."

______H4xor then charges Lucifer. Lucifer counters with the LHT, but H4xor 
evades. Next, H4xor makes a single blow connect with his Osafune.

"You... Bastard..." Lucifer falls to the ground unconscious.

H4xor then holds out his hand. "Later asshole." H4xor fires a ki blast to finish 
Lucifer off, completely dismembering his carcass.
"Let's go."

H4xor and Ryouko teleport to the Masaki home.

Tenchi asked "What Happened" without looking up. He is too depressed at the 
losses suffered today.

"I killed Lucifer. He was not l33t enough to stand against my awesome power."

Tenchi sobs. "Why did you give me the ring if you knew this would happen?"

H4xor looks up at the now clearing sky. "This was not the ring's doing, Lucifer 
has had access to the mortal world for some time."

Tenchi sobs some more. "Then what was the ring for?"

"He needed it to gain access to Heaven, his desire was to get revenge on Saint 
Raphael and Saint Michael, for they fought side by side to imprison Lucifer in 
Hell."

Tenchi eyes become a water fountain. "What about those who had died?"

"This is the good part, the ring can revive those who have lost their lives."

Ryouko searches the gems to see for herself. "It's true, the gems say that as 
well. Tenchi, don't cry, soon you and Aeka will be reunited."

Tenchi's tears fade. "You knew?"

"Yes..."

"I'm sorry Ryouko, I'm sure you must be damaged beyond repair."

_____Ryouko then falls to the ground in tears. While Ryouko sobs away, wind 
blows over H4xor's position...

A chill falls down H4xor's spine. "H4xor, your death is fast approaching. You 
will not stand against me. Your power is obsolete. Killing astrobodies is one 
thing, but the real thing will be so much harder." The mysterious voice then 
disappears without a trace.

H4xor is petrified. "Did you guys hear that?"

Tenchi shrugged. "I didn't hear anything."

* What the Hell was that? * H4xor then shrugs. "I guess I need to lay off the 
Ritalin."

The End?
