
Part 15

Araumi's eyes slowly opened, she started to get up until she heard a yawn.  
"Huh?"  She slowly turned around and was relieved yet shocked to see Hiroshi 
sleeping on the other side of the bed.  "I fell asleep....."  She stared under 
her covers and was glad she still had the shirt that he gave her on.  "We have 
to go back to earth today."  She thought and became upset as she watched Hiroshi 
sleep.  "Well, this is just in case I never see you again."  She leaned down and 
kissed him. "Araumi!?"  Hiroshi quickly woke up and was shocked.  "What is it?"  
She scooted back.  "Did you kiss me?"  He blushed.  "Uh, no."  She was 
embarrassed.  "Uh.......er.......do you want some breakfast?"  He quickly jumped 
from the bed and speed walked into the kitchen.  "Why did I sleep in the same 
bed with her?  I should have slept on the couch."  He growled to himself in 
embarrassment.

Akina and Kiyone were slowly walking to the morning room in the castle.  "You 
know what Akina, it's about time you tell me a few things."  Kiyone stared over 
at her.  "Like what?"  Akina stared back.  "All the things that you said that 
you would explain later!"  Kiyone growled.  "Oh yeah!  Sorry I forgot about 
that!"  She laughed.  "Well, what do you want first?"  Akina stared.  "How did 
you come back to life?"  Kiyone stared.  "Kioko and Raikon helped me, that's all 
I really can say."  Akina smiled.  "Well, I guess that sounds reasonable."  
Kiyone groaned.  "What else do you wanna know?"  Akina asked.  "The green eye 
thing."  Kiyone scratched her head and noticed Akina stopped.  "What's wrong?"  
Kiyone stared at her.  "That's one thing I can't tell you about."  Akina said in 
a low voice.  

Araumi dressed in her clothes and got ready to leave.  "What if Hiroshi is the 
one I'm meant to be with, I've never felt so happy to be around a person like 
this before."  She thought to herself.  "Araumi, breakfast is ready."  Hiroshi 
announced.  "Coming."  She walked into the kitchen and sat at the table.  "Hope 
ya like it."  He smiled and handed her an omelet.  "Thank you."  She smiled and 
started to eat.  "I can't stay around much longer, I have to be at work in an 
hour."  He sighed.  "Where do you work?"  She smiled.  "I'm just a Juraian 
Soldier."  He sighed.  "A Juraian soldier?"  She stared.  "I know it's not the 
best job in the world but it pays well."  He smiled.  "I guess so."  She sighed.  
"Something wrong with your omelet?"  "No it's delicious!"  She smiled and 
frowned again.  "It's just that, I have to go back to Earth today."  She sighed.  
"Earth?"  He was confused.  "It's pretty much in the middle of nowhere."  She 
stared up at him.  "Oh."  He seemed disappointed and stared at the clock.  
"Well, I guess I better get ready to go."  He got up from the table and walked 
into the bathroom.

"Hey guess what, I think Araumi met someone last night."  Ryoko announced.  
"Really who?"  Aeka stared.  "I dunno, all I saw was her sitting at the fountain 
with some guy."  Ryoko grinned.  "Uncle Raikon, the berry worked!"  Kioko 
whispered.  "Alright!"  He smiled down at her.    "What are you two talking 
about?"  Yukio stared at them.  "Nothing."  Kioko giggled.  "Well, Araumi better 
hurry up and get here we're going to have to go back home soon."  Akina stared 
at her watch.  "Are we going to train when we get home Momma?"  Kioko jumped.  
"Why don't you guys train right now?"  Misaki stared at them.  "Yes, you could 
use our training room."  Funaho smiled.  "Let's go!"  Kioko grabbed Yukio and 
Akina's arms and dragged them off.

Meanwhile Azusa sat at his throne and cursed the Ratixian warriors.  "If the 
public hears of this who knows what will happen."  He growled.  "Your majesty, 
we've just received a message from the Universe Forces."  A soldier walked into 
the room and bowed.  "What is it?"  Azusa moaned.  "As of 2:02 am this morning, 
a strong energy forced has appeared in the forest region of the planet 
Delue.........."  The soldier read on and gulped.  "Why does this concern me?"  
Azusa growled.  "Delue and it's neighboring planets have been destroyed."  The 
soldier turned white.  "I see....."  Azusa sighed.  "Sir, the message also 
states that the force is coming towards Earth."  The soldier handed him the 
letter.  "I see."  He tossed the letter aside.  "But sir, Raikon, Kiyone, Aeka, 
Yosho and Sasami live on that planet!!"  The soldier shouted.  "Who ever said 
that force would be after them."  Azusa sighed with a slight grin.  "Uh, right."  
The soldier was embarrassed.  

1 hour later..................
"KIYAAAA!"  Kioko fired a mini beam from her palm at Akina.  "Gravity shield x3"  
Akina hit the attack back at Kioko with a mini shield.  "HEY!"  Kioko quickly 
jumped out of it's way and saw the rather large crater it made in the floor.  "I 
haven't used that technique for 8 years."  Akina laughed.  "Geez!"  Kioko was 
still staring at the crater in shock.  "Well, I think that's enough for now."  
Yukio and Akina flew down.  "Aww."  Kioko whined.  "We'll train some more when 
we get back to Earth."  Akina smiled.  "Guys it's time to go."  Raikon came into 
the room.  "Right!"  Kioko ran out of the room.  "How did she do?"  he stared at 
Akina and Yukio.  "Very well, she managed to dodge all of our attacks."  Yukio 
smiled as they walked out of the room.  "The maids already loaded your stuff 
onto the ship."  Raikon stared back at them.  "Man, you Juraians are living the 
good life here."  Akina smiled as they walked outside.  "I'M GOING TO MISS 
YOU!!!!!"  Misaki was hugging everyone.  "And you three!"  She hugged the three 
warriors till they turned blue.  "Kioko I want you to have this."  Misaki ran to 
one of her maids and took the Juraian cape.  "Thank you Aunt Misaki."  Kioko 
smiled.  "She called me Aunt!!!"  Misaki hugged her again and gave her the cape.  
"EVERYONE!"  Araumi was running towards them.  "Araumi!"  Akina smiled.  "I'm so 
sorry I'm late."  Araumi panted.  "Hehe, so where were you all night?"  Ryoko 
grinned.  "With a friend."  Araumi stared over at her.  

Later as they departed from the planet.............
"Alright!  I can't wait!  I'm going to be one of the strongest warriors in the 
Universe."  Kioko smiled.  "Hang on a sec."  Akina and Yukio interrupted.  
"Kioko, we've decided that you need to go to school as well."  Akina smiled.  
"SCHOOL!?"  Kioko's mouth dropped.  "Common Kioko, intelligence can be a 
warrior's greatest ability."  Raikon stared back at her from the control panel.  
"Take Kiyone for example, thanks to her intelligence we're still alive and 
partners!"  Mihoshi giggled.  "Kioko forget she said that!"  Kiyone shouted.  
"Do I have to go?"  Kioko whined.  "Kioko, don't think of school as torture.  
I've met allot of my friends at my school."  Tenchi smiled.  "What kind of 
friends!?"  Ryoko and Aeka stared at him.  "Knowledge is one of the greatest 
powers in the Universe!"  Washu had stars in her eyes.  "Fine, I'll go."  Kioko 
sighed.  "Thata girl."  Yukio smiled.  Kiyone looked over at one of Saikyuo's 
windows and saw Araumi still gazing at Jurai.  "She misses that guy."  She 
thought to herself.  

