Part 7

Kiyone stared at Saikyou's control system.  "How do you get this thing to 
start?"  She glared until she heard shouting.  "Huh?"  A picture of Aeka and the 
group was displayed.  "Everyone!"  Aeka and the others appeared inside.  "This 
is a Royal Juraian Battle Ship."  Aeka stared in awe.  "What happened to Akina?"  
Kiyone helped them put her on a chair.  "She wasn't strong enough to defeat 
Masahiro, but I think we might be able to leave this to Yukio now."  Washu 
grinned.  "Anyway let's get out of here."  Sasami ran to the control panel and 
set it for Earth.  "Here we go!"  She pressed a button and the engines ignited.

"So this is the legendary Ratixian Warrior I have feared all these years?"  
Masahiro grinned.  "I'll kill you.....for what you've done."  Yukio was shaking 
with rage.  "Yes, give me your best shot."  Masahiro pressed a button on his 
panel and an orb surrounded Yukio.  "You're energy's mine!"  Masahiro grinned 
and pressed another button.  "I don't think so!"  Raikon formed his energy sword 
and hurled it into the control panel.  "This is going to be a fair battle."  
Raikon grinned.  "Why you!"  Masahiro prepared to attack him but Yukio shot 
through the orb and punched Masahiro into a wall.  "What am I missing here?"  
Ryoko ran into the room.  "Ryoko?"  Raikon's eyes widened.  "Huh?"  Ryoko stared 
at him.

"Akina, common Akina wake up."  Kiyone shook Akina's shoulders.  "Leave her 
alone Kiyone, she needs her rest so she can gain back all that energy she lost."  
Washu sighed.  "I can't believe Yukio was helping us though."  Mihoshi scratched 
her head.  "Yeah, it's like he's a whole new person."  Tenchi stared at the 
control panel then looked around the ship.  "Trust me, next time we see him he 
will be a whole new person."  Washu was staring at some of her blue prints on 
his body and started to type new information in.  "What do you mean?"  Aeka 
stared at the screen.  "Just look, I typed in the structure of the armor, it 
bursts his level up by one million it's normal level."   Washu typed some more 
information.  "Yeah so?"  Kiyone looked over at the screen.  "His armor is 
becoming part of his body now."  His image doubled it's muscle size.  "Whoa!"  
Mihoshi's eyes widened.  "Um, this isn't going to make him very mean is it?"  
Sasami gulped.  "Nah."  Washu continued to type. 

"Get up!"  Yukio glared down at the beaten Masahiro.  "I'll finish you!"  
Masahiro growled as he staggered to his feat.  "I'd like to see that happen."  
Yukio laughed and held his hand out to form energy.  "You haven't seen my full 
power!"  Masahiro laughed and started to glow.  "Raikon!  Get back to your ship 
and try to get it as far away from this area as you can!"  Yukio shouted back.  
"Right!"  Raikon shot a hole in the ship and flew out.  "Ryoko, can you create a 
beam large enough to destroy this ship?"  Yukio shouted.  "Yeah."  Ryoko's eyes 
widened.  "Wait a minute, you're not going to..........."  Ryoko started but 
stopped.  "It's the only way, his level is becoming larger than mine!"  He 
stared back at Masahiro.  "What about Akina?" Ryoko shouted.  "She'll 
understand!"  Yukio shouted.  "Now go!"  He grabbed Masahiro from behind.  "What 
are you doing!?  Let go of me!"  Masahiro growled.  "Fine."  Ryoko flew above 
the ship and held her hands out.  "You better live through this."  Ryoko growled 
as a green orb formed in her hands.  "Do it!"  Yukio shouted up at her.  "I have 
to do this!"  Ryoko's hands were shaking.

The ship started to pick up Ryoko's energy.  "What is she doing?"  Sasami stared 
at the screen.  "She's going to destroy the ship."  Washu stared up.  "Huh?  Is 
the battle over?"  Mihoshi stared.  "It doesn't matter now!  We just need to get 
out of range or we'll get caught in the shock wave of the blast!"  Washu 
panicked until the ship started to move faster.  "Huh?"  Raikon appeared on the 
screen.  "He's pushing the ship."  Kiyone smiled.  

Ryoko finally gathered all the energy she needed.  "I can do this."  She gulped.  
"Hurry!"  Yukio shouted.  "KIYAAAAA!"  She fired the beam down.  "NO!  We'll 
both die!  Masahiro growled.  "No!  Just you!"  Yukio grinned.  "Damn you!"  The 
beam went into the ship's core and set off a large explosion.  "Crap!"  Ryoko 
darted up to avoid the core of the explosion.  "Yukio!  Hey are you okay!?"  
Ryoko shouted down but didn't get  a response.  "Argh!  The idiot!"  She growled 
as she kept flying higher.

"What the?"  Raikon looked back and saw the shock wave coming.  "Everyone hang 
on!"  He started to fly faster but could feel the heat of the wave coming.  
"Raikon!"  Kiyone stared at the image of him.  "Don't worry, he's okay."  Washu 
folded her laptop and stared at the image.

Ryoko stared down at the blast gasping for air.  "Man, how can someone survive 
that!?"  She panted until she saw a body floating.  "Yukio, damnit!"  She flew 
down and pounded him on the chest.  "ARGH! What did you do that for!?"  He 
growled at her.  "You looked like you were dead!"  Ryoko shouted but noticed a 
change.  "How the hell did you get so big!?"  She stared.  "Huh?"  He stared at 
his body and noticed he was slightly bigger.  "I guess the armor must have 
joined with my muscles."  He laughed.  "AHAHAHAHAHA!"  Their eyes widened and 
they stared over at a figure.  "You cannot defeat me!"  Masahiro was half 
destroyed.  "I will live forever!"  Masahiro laughed.  "Shut up."  Ryoko groaned 
as Yukio and she started to fly off.  "This is not over!  I am still here!"  
Masahiro shouted and the rest of his body was regenerated.  "What the!?"  Ryoko 
gasped.  "I will not let the Ratixian warriors live on!  After I kill you Yukio, 
I will track down Akina and kill her!" Masahiro laughed.

"Argh!"  Akina growled and woke up.  "Akina, are you okay?"  Everyone ran over 
to her.  "Where am I?  Where's Yukio!?"  She got to her feet.  "He should be 
here anytime now that fight is over."  Aeka smiled but noticed a serious yet 
worried look on Akina's face.  "Akina?"  Kiyone stared.  "No, I can still sense 
Masahiro's energy, he's stronger than Yukio now."  Akina's hand clenched tight.  
"I have to do something!"  She ran to the hatch but Kiyone grabbed her arm.  
"You almost got killed back there I'm not going to let you do this!"  Kiyone 
demanded.  "Kiyone."  Akina's eye color turned green.  "Masahiro will start with 
Yukio and me, than he will kill the Juraians and any other living organism with 
a large energy level until there is no one in this Universe that can stand up to 
defy him!"
Washu's mouth dropped when her computer displayed Akina's new energy level.  
"I'm going to do everything I can to protect this Universe, because I am a 
warrior."  She punched a button and was sucked out the hatch.  "Akina wait!"  
Washu shouted.  "What's wrong?"  Tenchi stared at her.  "Her energy is at it's 
peak!"  Kiyone's eyes widened.



