Part 10

1 year later.............

Raikon's eyes cracked open and he gazed at his wife.  "No need to get up 
yet."  He looked over at the door to make sure it was locked.  
"Mmm........"  Kiyone's eyes opened.  "Good morning."  He smiled at her.  
"I love waking up this way."  She smiled and leaned her head back on his 
chest.   "I know this is random, but I have a feeling that something 
special is going to happen today...."  Raikon closed his eyes.  "As long 
as Washu doesn't try to scan my Juraian/Ratixian energy level again."  
Kiyone groaned and got up.

"Good morning Sasami."  Tenchi walked downstairs and saw Sasami cooking 
and Washu working on her laptop.  "Good Morning Tenchi, breakfast is 
almost ready."  Sasami smiled.  "Meow meow!"  Ryo-Ohki jumped over to 
Tenchi.  "Hey there."  Tenchi patted Ryo-Ohki's head.  "Good Morning 
Tenchi."  Ryoko appeared out of nowhere and wrapped her arms around him.  
"Good Morning Ryoko."  Tenchi groaned.  "Get your hands off of Lord 
Tenchi!"  Aeka stormed downstairs.  "No, Tenchi is mine."  Ryoko 
grinned.  "That's enough you two."  Raikon and Kiyone walked downstairs.  
"Thanks Uncle Raikon."  Tenchi sighed.  "After all there's enough of 
Tenchi for both of you."  He laughed as Aeka and Ryoko continued to 
fight.  "Sasami, that smells great what are you making?"  Kiyone smiled.  
"Hehe, you'll find out soon.  It's something Raikon  taught me"  Sasami 
pulled the pot off the stove and  put it on the dining room table.  
"Sorry I didn't wake up in time to help you out with breakfast."  Raikon 
smiled over at her.  "It's okay, you help out allot around here."  
Sasami smiled at him.  "Hey, where's Mihoshi?"  Washu looked up.  "Still 
sleeping I guess."  Tenchi sat at the table.  "That bone head."  Kiyone 
groaned.  "Anyway, let's eat!"  Ryoko laughed.

Later after breakfast Kiyone quickly ran out to the dock and stared at 
the sky.  "What is it?"  Raikon followed her.  "She's back!  I can sense 
her energy!"  Kiyone ran inside.  "Everyone!  She's back! Akina's 
back!!"  She shouted.  "Huh!?  Akina!  Akina's back!?"  Ryoko quickly 
flew down from one of the house beams and ran outside with the others.  
"Everyone!"  A voice shouted from the sky.  "Akina!"  They all cheered 
as Yukio and Akina landed on the dock.  "Hey guys, it's been a long 
time."  Akina was holding a baby.  "Akina?  Is this......."  Kiyone and 
Raikon walked up to her.  "Yup, she's our daughter."  Yukio smiled 
proudly.  "She's so cute."  The baby reached out to Kiyone.  "Can I hold 
her?"  Kiyone smiled.  "Sure."   Akina handed the baby over to her.  
"Wow!"  Everyone surrounded them.  "What's her name?"  Sasami smiled 
over at Akina.  "I named her after Kiyone and Ryoko."  Akina smiled.  
"Her name is KiyoneRyoko?"  Aeka growled.  "No!  Her name is Kioko!"  
Akina growled back.  "Do you have a problem with that Aeka!?"  Ryoko and 
Kiyone gave threatening stares.  "Uh, no!"  Aeka backed off.  "Hmm, her 
hair is blonde."  Washu pointed out.  "And if I'm not mistaken, when 
every Ratixian is born their hair is either green, blue or a mixture of 
the two colors."  Washu grinned up at the two.  "Washu, I'm surprised!"  
Yukio teased.  "Huh?"  Washu was puzzled.  "Since Akina and I are 
evolved Ratixian warriors she is one as well, and evolved Ratixian  hair 
colors are Blonde or White."  He laughed.  "That's right, when Akina was 
born her hair was light blue until she was three."  Kiyone laughed.  
"Stop making a fool out of me!"  Washu growled.  "Here Raikon."  Kiyone 
handed Kioko over to him.  "Unble!"  Kioko giggled.  "Was that an 
Uncle?"  Raikon smiled.  "How did she know that he was her uncle?"  
Kiyone stared over at Akina and Yukio.  "Uh......er........lucky 
guess!?"  Akina laughed.  "Aha, looks like we're all one big happy 
family again!"  Yosho laughed.  

Later.........
"Common Kioko, you can do it."  Sasami was helping Yukio and Akina teach 
Kioko to walk.  "Common Kioko, go see Sasami."  Akina smiled until Kioko 
almost fell down.  "Woops!"  Yukio caught her and she started to laugh.  
"How old is Kioko?"  Sasami looked up at Akina.  "12  months 2 weeks and 
3 days."  Akina smiled.  "But, you were only gone for a year and it 
takes nine to carry a baby."  Sasami gasped.  "Time went by faster in 
the galaxy we were living in, and who told you all that?"   Akina made a 
weird face and Sasami blushed.  "Found it."  Raikon walked out of his 
room with a silver box.  "This is for Kioko."  He opened it up and there 
was a small orb of blue light inside.  "What is it?"  Akina stared at 
it.  "This is energy from the royal tree of Jurai, It will insure that 
she will find her love someday."  The orb floated out and went into 
Kioko's heart.  "If it was one of those orbs that led you to Kiyone than 
it works perfectly."  Yukio smiled.  "Well,  actually my heart led me to 
Kiyone."  Raikon laughed.  "How did you get captured anyway?"  Akina 
reached into a bag and pulled out a bottle.  "It's kind of 
embarrassing."  He sighed.  "Caught ya when you were of guard?"  Akina 
smiled.  "I guess you could saw that."  Raikon sighed.  "Hmm, well it 
happens to all of us.....I've been caught off guard more than twice."  
Akina scratched her head.  "I'm back."  Kiyone walked upstairs in her GP 
uniform.  "Man, I bet your getting 2 hundred Jurai in your pocket for 
all the work you did."  Akina laughed.  "Hehe, you know me."  Kiyone sat 
down next to Raikon and he put his arm around her.  "I'm going to go 
check on Tenchi, he's been out in the carrot field for 4 hours."  Sasami 
got up.  "Ryo-Ohki must be eating all the carrots again."  She groaned.  
"Common Kioko."  Yukio put a napkin on his shoulder and started to pat 
Kioko's back.  "Look at you two."  Kiyone smiled.  "Urp."  Kioko started 
to fall asleep.  "Huh?"  Akina and Yukio stared.  "You're the perfect 
parents!"  Raikon smiled.  "Really?"  They both blushed.  "You never let 
her out of your site and you take good care of her."  Kiyone pointed 
out.  "We just love our little girl that's all."  Akina smiled down at 
Kioko as she nodded off.  

Later yet again..................

"You did a great job Yukio......(hiccup).....well done man!  Starting a 
family at an early age and doing a good job of it too!"  Nobuyuki was 
drunk from drinking too much sake.  "Argh."  Yukio sighed and had a look 
of worry on his face.  "Are you okay?"  Yosho stared.  "Akina knows that 
I can't stand to be separated from her and Kioko.  Even if they are just 
13 feet away."  He complained.  "You can go in the women's bath if you 
want to."  Raikon tried to stop Yosho from drinking.  "No Way!  There 
are other women in there!"  Yukio blushed.  "They don't mind, well Aeka 
does."  Raikon laughed.  "Never mind."  Yukio sighed and put his head on 
the table.  "Common!"  Raikon grabbed his arm and dragged  him to the 
spa door.  "What are you doing!?"  Yukio was blushing.  "There's nothing 
wrong with the fact you want to be with your family, and there's nothing 
wrong with the fact that I want to be with Kiyone."  He grinned and 
opened the door and pulled Yukio in.  "Hey guys!"  The girls waved at 
Raikon and Yukio.  "HEY LEAVE THE DOOR OPEN!"  Nobuyuki got up and 
charged for the door.  "What was that?"  Raikon quickly shoved the door 
shut.  "See they don't mind."  Raikon stared down at Yukio and noticed 
he was blushing completely red.  "What happened to my clothes?"  They 
both only had towels on.  "That's just a little something I added to the 
doorway."  Washu laughed.  "Dadda!"  Kioko reached out.  "Yukio common 
Kioko misses you!"  Akina stared over at him.  "Raikon, I wish you 
wouldn't have embarrassed Yukio like this."  Kiyone whispered when 
Raikon sat next to her.  "Dadda!"  Kioko started to get tears in her 
eyes.  "Oh, it's okay Kioko, Dad's coming."  he quickly got in and 
picked her up.  "She's been calling for you for awhile."  Akina smiled.  
"Momma, Dadda!"  Kioko cheered.  "Aww, they're so cute."  Mihoshi and 
Sasami giggled.   "Washu, how come you only allow Raikon and Yukio to 
come in here?"  Ryoko stared over at her.  "For the last time, Tenchi 
isn't coming in here until he marries one of you."  Washu growled.  "OH 
common you know he's going to marry me!"  Ryoko begged.  "You!?  
Ohohohoho!  Everyone knows that I am destined to be Tenchi's bride."  
Aeka boasted.  "Hmph!  Tenchi could never get any action from you."  
Ryoko laughed.  "How dare you speak to me like that!"  Aeka shouted.  
"Here we go again."  Raikon scratched his head. 

And Later yet again.........

Kiyone and Raikon quietly slid the door open to Akina and Yukio's room.  
"Aww, look at them."  Yukio was leaning back against two pillows with 
his arms wrapped around Akina and Kioko was sleeping on Akina's chest.  
"I can't believe that Yukio has changed into this caring husband and 
father."  Kiyone smiled over at Raikon.  "Ssh, they might wake up."  
Raikon smiled and slid the door back shut.  "No wait,  here's something 
I find very hard to believe, the two legendary Ratixian warriors are the 
most caring parents in the Universe."   Kiyone scratched the back of her 
head.

Things are peaceful once again for Akina and the gang......but for how 
long?
 


