Chapter 12

Araumi laughed evilly and made the chains release from Akina's body.  "No......"  
Kiyone was shaking in sadness as she ran to Akina.  "Akina.........Akina......."  
Kiyone gulped and shook Akina's body."Why......"  Ryoko and the others 
surrounded her.  "Pathetic......"  Araumi grinned at their pain.  "How can you 
expect to be loved when you caused so much pain Araumi?"  Raikon's head hung 
low.  "Silence!"  She growled.  "No!"  His heart began to glow with the same 
energy as Akina's.  "NO!  IT'S THAT SAME DAMN LIGHT!!"

"Raikon.......you can do it......."  Akina's soul could sense the glowing energy 
from his heart.  "Mother,  he is gathering that energy for you."  A voice called 
out.  "Kioko?"  Akina's eyes widened when a beautiful women with long blond hair 
and teal eyes stared back at her.  "Mother, he is gathering energy in his heart 
to bring you back.  I know that if you can awaken your true power from within 
you can stop Araumi once and for all."  Kioko smiled.  "My true power?"  Akina 
thought.  "Yes, now go."  Kioko vanished.  "Akina!"  she heard Raikon's voice 
call.  "I'm coming bro!"  Akina quickly made her journey back.

"You fool!  Don't you get it!?  I have killed Akina!  You don't stand a chance 
against me!"  She fired a beam down at him but he quickly punched it away.  "You 
dare to doubt the heart of a Juraian?"  He cast away his sadness and grinned.  
"No! This can't be!"  Araumi growled. "Listen to me Araumi, there has been a 
destiny between Yukio and Akina since the days they were born.  A destiny that 
not even the strongest force of darkness could break!  Why did you let that 
darkness overwhelm your heart and soul to lead you to the path you have taken?"  
Raikon gave a stern look.  "It is none of your concern with the path I have 
taken!  What matters is that Yukio is mine now!"  She grinned.  "You're wrong."  
Washu shouted.  "What?"  Araumi growled.  "Yukio is dying, one Ratixian warrior 
cannot continue their life without the other."  Raikon felt his heart fill with 
energy.  "You're lying!"  She charged up her energy blade.  "How is fighting me 
going to solve your problem?"  Raikon growled.  "It'll shut you up!"  She flew 
down at him with full speed.  Raikon quickly formed a shield around the others 
and jumped out of Araumi's way.  "You'll have to move much faster than that if 
you want to beat me!"  Raikon grinned.  "YOU!" She threw her sword at him like a 
dart but he quickly sliced the blade in half.  "NO!  I WILL DESTROY YOU!"  She 
charged out in rage.  "STOP IT!"  a voice shouted.  "Huh?"  Everyone stared 
around and saw Yukio standing in the door way clenching to his chest.  "Stop 
fighting............."  He walked over to the group and stared at Akina.  
"Akina.............."  A tear rolled down his cheek as he took his last breath.  
"YUKIO!"  Everyone screamed in shock.  "NO!  What have I done!?"  Araumi gasped.  
"Akina was his wife, and the mother to his child."  Raikon clenched his fist.  
"How could he continue his eternity without her!?"  He growled at Araumi.  
"I..........."  Araumi was overwhelmed with remorse.  Akina's body started to 
glow and a strange white uniform appeared on her.  "Akina?"  Kiyone stared in 
shock.  "Yukio?!"  Akina sat up and stared at Yukio.  Quickly she jumped to her 
feet and ran to his side.  "Yukio........wake up."  she begged.  
"Akina........I'm so sorry."  Araumi landed on the ground and fell to her knees.  
"Don't worry Araumi, he'll be alright."  Akina sighed with relief and got to her 
feet.  "AKINA!"  Kiyone ran out of the shield and hugged her.  "Sis, it's okay."  
Akina patted Kiyone's back and smiled.  "I thought that you were 
dead............"  Kiyone wiped tears out of her eyes.  "I was."  Akina giggled.  
"Huh?"  Kiyone was confused.  "Don't worry I'll explain later."  She walked over 
to Raikon.  "Thanks bro, I don't think I could have made it without your help."  
She smiled.  "You're welcome."  He smiled.  "As for you."  Akina walked over to 
Araumi.  "What are you going to do?"  Araumi gulped.  "Help you of course."  She 
reached her hand down.  "Help me?"  Araumi was confused.  "Everyone deserves 
another chance, even you."  She helped Araumi up.  "Everyone, lets go home."  
Akina smiled and everyone reappeared on Earth.

"Welcome to Earth Araumi."  Sasami smiled.  "Their being so kind to me."  Araumi 
thought to herself.  "Raikon can you take Yukio into Washu's lab?  I need to see 
if Kioko is okay."  Akina stared over at him.  "Sure."  Raikon smiled as Akina 
ran into the house.  "They're acting as if she never died."  Araumi was 
confused.  "Well, what are we all standing out here for let's go inside!"  Washu 
laughed and they all went in.  

"Kioko, are you awake?"  Akina walked into the room and saw a little girl 
sitting on the floor with tears rolling down her cheeks.  "Mommy!"  She quickly 
jumped up.  "Kioko."  Akina dropped to her knees.  "Mommy!"  Kioko ran to her 
and hugged her.  "It's okay."  Akina wrapped her arms around her and tried to 
make her feel better.  "How did you grow so fast?"  Akina smiled.  "I don't 
know, It happened when I woke up."  Kioko rubbed the tears out of her eyes.  "Is 
Daddy okay?"  She stared.  "He sure is, common."  Akina held Kioko's hand and 
walked to the stairs.  

TO BE CONTINUED........................

