Part 8

Akina's fists were clenched tight as she flew closer to the battle field.  "Hang 
on Yukio, Ryoko.  I'm coming!"  she was surrounded by a blue aura and began to 
fly faster.

"What are we going to do guys?"  Sasami stared at them.   "I feel terrible, 
there must be something we can do to help them."  Aeka tried to think of a plan.  
Raikon walked inside the ship.  "We better get to the battle site and see if we 
can help them."  Raikon walked over to the control panel and set the course back 
for the battle field.  "Are you all in?"  He stared back.  "We're in!"  Kiyone 
smiled as they all nodded.  "Let's go Saikyou!"  The ship charged up and spun 
around.

Masahiro grinned evilly as Ryoko and Yukio tried to catch their breath.  "Face 
it!  You will never beat me!  After I finish you off I will kill Akina and the 
Juraians.  Then the Universe will bow down to my power!"  He laughed.  "Ryoko, 
get out of here now!"  Yukio stared over at her.  "No way, I'm not going to let 
him hurt my Tenchi!"  Ryoko formed her energy sword.  "DIE!"  He fired a beam at 
them.  "KIYA!"  A huge beam shot back and managed to shoot Masahiro's right arm 
off..  "Akina!"  Yukio smiled at her.  "Yukio?  What happened to you?"  She 
stared.  "It's the armor, I'll explain it all later!"  He glared back over at 
Masahiro.  "Akina' what's with your eyes?"   Ryoko stared at her.  "Let's just 
say I'm not in a good mood right now."  Akina was glaring at Masahiro.  "My 
arm............ARGH!"  He growled and stared with rage at The Ratixian warriors.  
"I see."  He grinned.  "See what?"  Akina growled.  "You both are as stupid as 
your ancestors!"  He shot out a beam.

"Everyone, it might be awhile before we get to the field so you might want to 
get some rest."  He stared back and noticed everyone was asleep.  "I should have 
known."  He sighed.  "How long should it take."  Kiyone lifted her head up.  
"Oh, maybe about half an hour."  He checked the weapon system.  "I wanted to say 
thanks."  Kiyone looked over at him.  "For saving your life?"  He looked back at 
her. "And everyone else's."  She smiled up at him.  "You're beautiful when you 
smile."  He smiled and looked back at the control panel.  "Uh.....thanks."  
Kiyone blushed and noticed the royal teardrop color in his eyes.  "So, are you 
really a descendant of Jurai?"  She sat down.  "Yes."  he sighed.  "No!  Don't 
hurt Akina!"  Sasami was talking in her sleep.  "She's having a nightmare."  
Raikon started to walk over to her but stopped when a blue light filled the 
room.

Masahiro laughed evilly when the beam set off a large explosion.  "AKINA!"  
Ryoko shouted.  "Now it's your turn!"  He held his hand out but a mini beam shot 
straight through it.   "AAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRGGGGGGGHH!"  He glared back over and 
saw Akina and Yukio.  "That was a nice shot."  Akina grinned and wiped the blood 
away from her mouth.  "You!"  A new arm shot out of his body.  "What!?"  Their 
eyes widened.  "You cannot defeat me!"  He prepared to fire another beam but 
dozens of beams rained down on him.  "Alright!" Ryoko grinned.  "That ship..."  
Yukio stared in shock.  "Tsunami."  Akina's eyes widened.

"Raikon, what's going on?"  Kiyone and Raikon were inside the strange ship and 
noticed they both had on royal Juraian uniforms.  "Sasami has summoned Tsunami."  
Raikon stared around in awe for he had never been in such a ship.  "But I don't 
understand why we're here as well."  Kiyone looked over at him.  "We were the 
only one's awake at the time."  A screen displayed Akina.  "Akina!"  Kiyone's 
eyes widened.  "She's stronger than I thought."  Raikon grinned.

"Tsunami!"  Masahiro growled.  "Damn it, when is this guy going to die!?"  Ryoko 
muttered.  "Never!"  Masahiro shouted.  "I've got a plan."  Akina looked back up 
at Tsunami.  "Tsunami, I am first class operative Akina Makibi of the Universe 
Forces.  We need your help to protect the future.  Please help us."  She saw the 
guns form out on the ships walls.  "Yukio, Ryoko, give it all you've got!"  
Akina held her hands out and formed a large energy orb in her hands.  "NOW!"  
They all fired their strongest attacks at Masahiro.  "NOAAAAAAAARRRRRGHHH!"  
Masahiro was engulfed in light.

The Tsunami stopped firing the guns and began to send signals to the other 
trees.  "Is Masahiro gone?"  Kiyone stared around.  "I can't tell yet."  Raikon 
closed his eyes.  "I can't sense his energy, the blast is covering up the energy 
signals.  I can't even tell if Akina and the others are alive."   Raikon's eyes 
opened.  "Do not worry."  A gentle voice called out.  "Sasami?"  Raikon looked 
around.

The light from the blast dimmed and Ryoko slowly cracked her eyes open.  "Where 
is he?"  She glared around and only saw debris.  "I can't sense his energy, WE 
DID IT!"  Ryoko laughed victoriously.  "I hope so."  Akina sighed and stared up 
at the Tsunami.  "I can't believe it, that's the legendary battle ship."  Yukio 
stared in awe.  "Here's another thing you won't believe, that ship belongs to 
Sasami."  Ryoko smiled.  "Sasami?"  Akina gasped and she realized something.  "I 
better report Masahiro's death to HQ."  Akina sighed.  "I'm coming with you."  
Yukio insisted.  "Wow, I thought you hated the force."  Akina smiled.  "That was 
along time ago."  Yukio laughed.  "Well, I'll see you two later."  Ryoko smiled.  
"Hey Ryoko."  Akina flew over to her.  "Thanks, you helped us big time.  I owe 
you one."  Akina held her hand out.  "Hey, no sweat!"  Ryoko laughed and shook 
her hand.  "Let's get going."  She looked back at Yukio and they darted off.





