Part 13

"What the!?"  Ryoko stared at the little girl.  "Kioko!?"  Kiyone and Raikon 
said in unison.  "Don't act surprised!"  Akina mouthed.  "Common Kioko, let's go 
see Yukio."  She smiled and they appeared in Washu's lab.  "Akina, so glad you 
came down here."  Washu walked over to her and stared down at Kioko.  "Is Yukio 
okay?"  She stared.  "Yeah, but it's you two I'm interested in.  I want to 
analyze the energy link between you two."  Two machines popped down and grabbed 
onto their bodies.  "Washu!"  Akina growled.  "It will only take a minute!"  
Washu moaned and started to type into her computer.

"How did........how did Kioko grow up so fast!?"  Tenchi's eyes were wide."I  
don't know, I'm just as confused as you are."  Raikon sighed.  "Maybe, it was 
Akina's power?"  Kiyone thought aloud.  "That can't be it."  Araumi bumped in.  
"From the sounds of it Kioko was just a baby a few hours ago right?"  she stared 
at them.  "She was light years from Akina, there's no way an energy link can 
stretch that far."  Araumi walked back outside.  "She's right, even a Juraian 
link can't stretch that far."  Aeka stared at the door.  "This is just like a 
mystery."  Sasami sighed.  "Well, I'm a detective! So I can definitely solve 
it!"  Mihoshi laughed.  "You idiot."  Kiyone growled.   

Meanwhile back in Washu's lab.
"Did you find out something yet Washu?"  Akina sighed.  "No......."  Just then 
the computer exploded.  "Miss Washu are you okay!?"  Kioko gasped.  "Something 
is keeping me from solving this!"  Washu growled.  "Well, it's really not that 
important."  Akina and Kioko were released.  "Hey Washu, can you make some 
clothes for Kioko?"  Akina smiled.  "Yeah yeah."  Washu pulled out her laptop 
and typed in a code, blue shorts, black boots, a blue head band, and a UF 
trainee shirt appeared on Kioko.  "Wow!"  Kioko smiled.  "She's also registered 
as a trainee for the forces."  Washu winked.  "You think of everything!"  Akina 
laughed.  "Mommy, can we train?"  Kioko begged.  "Already?"  Akina stared.  
"Yeah yeah!"  Kioko jumped.  "Let's wait a little while okay?"  Akina smiled.  
"Aww."  Kioko sighed.  "I promise we'll train as soon as your father gets better 
okay."  They walked to the lab door.  "Wait a minute."  Washu quickly ran to 
them.  "What's wrong?"  Akina stared back at her.  "You're a goddess now aren't 
you?"  Washu grinned.  "I don't know,  But just as long as I'm me than I don't 
care."  She opened the door and walked out of the lab.

Raikon sat outside and stared at the lake.
"I still believe that Kioko formed a link with Akina, that may explain Kioko's 
sudden growth.  But Akina was dead at the time and had no energy for Kioko to 
link on."  Raikon folded his arms across his chest.  "This is confusing....."  
he sighed and then his wrist communicator began to buzz.  "Now what?"  he 
pressed a button and a hologram of Azusa appeared.  "Father."  Raikon was 
surprised.  "Raikon,  what is happening over there?"  Azusa demanded.  "What do 
you mean?"  Raikon raised his eye brow.  "For the past few hours I have been 
detecting three strong energy levels,  that energy could equal or even surpass 
that of the Jurai."  Azusa was worried.  "Three?  Oh, it's just Akina, Yukio and 
Kioko!"  Raikon smiled.  "The Ratixian Warriors!?  How did they become so 
strong!?"  Azusa turned pale.  "I don't see why you're acting so surprised."  
Raikon laughed.  "Argh!  Listen to me Raikon, bring everyone to Jurai 
immediately!"  Azusa's holograph vanished.  "This doesn't sound good."  Raikon 
sighed.   

Washu sat in her lab and worked on her broken equipment.  "Darn, how could my 
computer just explode like that?"  She groaned.  Just then the computer gave off 
a pale beep.  "Eh?"  She typed in her code and some data on Kioko and Akina 
popped up.  "WHOA!"  Her eyes widened.  *Error*  More personnel!*  the computer 
buzzed.  "More personnel?"  She typed in another code, another person was 
scanned in with their data.  
"Kohana///////////lvl500,000,000,000////////////////"  Washu was confused.  
"What......what is this!?"  She demanded, just then all the data vanished.  
"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!"  Washu cried.  *BANG!*  the computer set off another 
large explosion.  "DAMN IT!!!"  Washu shouted.  "AAAARRGH!"  Yukio growled from 
his tank.  "Now what?"  Washu stared over at him.  "I guess it's time to let you 
out of there."  She pressed a button and the tank around him vanished.  "How ya 
feelin?"  Washu groaned.  "I......I feel strange."  Yukio walked out of the 
tank.  "It's just a side effect,  I had to replace all of your missing energy so 
you may feel a little light headed and dizzy for awhile."  Washu continued to 
work on her computer.  "It's not that."  Yukio slowly walked out of the lab.  
"Strange guy."  Washu groaned.

"Daddy!"  Kioko ran over to Yukio and hugged him.  "Kioko......you've grown."  
He smiled down at her.  "Yukio are you okay? You look pale."  Akina and Kiyone 
helped him over to the couch.  "Washu said it's a side effect..........but I 
don't think that's what's wrong with me."  Yukio sighed and stared around.  
"What happened to Araumi?"  He looked over at Akina.  "She's outside, I think 
we're going to have to play cupid with her though."  She laughed.  "Everyone."  
Raikon walked inside the house.  "What is it?"  Kiyone stared over at him.  
"Azusa just sent me a message, he wants us all to come to Jurai immediately."  
"Father called?"  Sasami and Aeka stared.  "I'm worried though, he threw a fit 
when he found out how strong you three have become."  Raikon stared over at 
Akina, Yukio and Kioko.  "I know why."  Yukio sighed.  "What is it?"  Tenchi 
stared over at him.  "3000 years ago there were a fleet of Ratixian Warriors 
with energy levels a little weaker than ours, but at that time they were the 
strongest force in the Universe.  Stronger than the Jurai."  He sighed.  "I 
see."  Raikon knew what Azusa was upset about now.  "Oh geez, what is wrong with 
Azusa!?  He's such a moron!"  Ryoko growled.  "How dare you speak of my father 
that way!"  Aeka glared at Ryoko.  "Let's go, I want to prove to him that we are 
far different from our ancestors."  Akina got to her feet.  "Okay everyone, 
hurry up and pack."  Raikon smiled and everyone quickly ran to their rooms.  



