Part 14

Araumi sat outside of Saikyuo and waited for the others to finish packing.  
"Azusa is up to something."  She thought to herself.  

Akina tossed her book bag over her shoulder and walked outside. "I don't know 
why you're going through this Akina, I think this is a trap."  Araumi stared 
over at her.  "I really have no choice."  Akina smiled and noticed the others 
were coming out.  "Everyone on board."  A beam shot down from the ship and 
pulled them in.  "Akina, you've been to Jurai once right?"  Kiyone stared over 
at her.  "Actually this is my first time."  Akina smiled slightly.  "Ready for 
lift off."  Raikon pounded a button on the control panel and the ship quickly 
shot into space.

Later in the Jurai palace Funaho slowly walked down the hall to the throne room.  
"Akina Makibi, I never thought I would meet her face to face."  She smiled to 
herself and saw Misaki waiting outside.  "Hey sis!  Isn't this exciting we 
haven't seen them in a long time!"  Misaki giggled.  "It has.  We haven't seen 
them since Kiyone and Raikon's wedding."  Funaho sighed and continued her way to 
the throne room.  "What could Azusa possibly want from the three warriors?"  
Funaho thought but heard a ship enter Jurai's atmosphere.  "Sis!  They're here!"  
Misaki cheered.

Everyone appeared outside of the ship and in front of the Jurai palace.  "Whoa!"  
Akina, Yukio and Kioko were captivated by the planet's beauty.  "This is 
definitely their first time here!"  Aeka giggled.  "I forgot, it's Startica this 
week!"  Raikon announced.  "Startica!"  Sasami and Kioko quickly stared over the 
balcony and saw the festival in the city.  "EVERYONE!!!"  Misaki ran out and 
hugged them all.  "Aww, look at you two!"  She pinched Raikon and Kiyone's 
cheeks.  "You are so cute together!"  She hugged them again.  "Welcome to 
Jurai."  Funaho walked out of the entrance.  "Lady Funaho."  Akina was shocked.  
"It's an honor to finally meet you."  Funaho smiled.  "By all means it's an 
honor to meet you!"  Akina smiled and shook Funaho's hand.  "You knew about 
her?"  Ryoko stared at her.  "I've read about her before."  Akina whispered.  
"Please come inside!"  Misaki and the others followed.  "Uncle Raikon, what is 
Startica?"  Kioko stared up at him.  "Startica is a Juraian holiday that we 
celebrate during spring time." They passed one of the trees in the Jurai palace 
and he quickly picked a berry out of it.  "And they say if you eat this you will 
meet your love."  He handed it down to her.  "Maybe Araumi should eat it."  
Kioko hinted.  "Good idea."  Raikon smiled.  They approached the throne room and 
the doors slowly opened.  Azusa was on his throne with an angered look on his 
face.  "This should be interesting."  Yukio whispered to Akina.  "Welcome to the 
Jurai palace."  He spoke very deeply and stood up.  They all bowed slightly 
except for Akina, Yukio and Kioko.  "He's not going to like that."  Sasami 
whispered.  "Hmm, I see you're very proud of yourselves."  Azusa laughed 
slightly and walked towards them.  "Well, currently as it is Lord Azusa we're 
much stronger than you."  Yukio smiled.  "What?"  Azusa's eyes widened.  "Lord 
Azusa, may I ask why you demanded that we come here?"  Akina stared.  "I wanted 
you to demonstrate how powerful you are."  Azusa grinned.  "No."  Akina quickly 
answered.  "No!?"  Azusa growled.  "Asking us to demonstrate how powerful we are 
is very distasteful."  Yukio sighed.  "Just do it!"  Ryoko groaned.  "Hmph, 
okay."  Akina and Yukio sighed and got their footing.  "Everyone, you might want 
to stand back."  Raikon stared back at the others and they stepped back 10 ft.  
Akina and Yukio closed their eyes and held their arms out, they were absorbing 
energy to unleash their full power.  "They're going to do it!  They're finally 
going to show their true power!"  Kioko was excited.  "I better take some data 
on this!"  Washu pulled out her laptop."KIYAAAAAA!"   Invisible orbs formed 
around them and grew larger cracking the marble pathway as their power level 
increased.  "AAAAAAAAAAAARGH!"  Akina's eyes turned green.  "Error!  More 
personnel!"  Washu's computer beeped.  "It's happening again!"  Washu grinned.  
"Amazing!"  Azusa stared in shock at the warriors, their power was still rising 
until finally a large gust of wind hit everyone in the face and they stopped.  
"Are you satisfied."  Akina glared at the shocked Azusa.  Everyone stared in 
awe, they never raised their power to it's maximum like this before.  Yukio 
stared at Akina and she nodded, they both sighed and returned to their normal 
level.  "Such.....such power!"  Azusa was shocked.  "Aah!  I'm sorry we ruined 
your pathway!"  Akina stared at the broken marble.  "It's okay, we'll take care 
of it."  Funaho smiled.  

Later they all decided to go to the city and watch the festivities at the 
Festival.  Araumi wandered away from the group with the berry that Kioko gave 
her.  "Hmm, wonder why she gave this to me."  She popped it into her mouth and 
swallowed it.  "Miss Araumi!"  Kioko and Sasami caught up with her.  "Hey, are 
you two having fun?"  She smiled down at them.  "Yeah!"  Kioko cheered.  "How 
come you wandered off?"  Sasami smiled.  "Oh, I don't know I just wanted to have 
a little time to myself I guess."  Araumi sighed.  "Oh, well okay."  Kioko 
sighed.  "Hey common Kioko they always light up the garden maze on Startica it's 
really cool!"  Sasami and Kioko ran down the street.  "They're cute."  Araumi 
smiled and sat on the rim of a fountain.

Ryoko and Aeka were both fighting over Tenchi as usual while Akina and Yukio 
watched the fireworks.  "I'm ashamed of myself."  Akina sighed.  "Why is that?"  
Yukio stared at her.  "I feel like we were showing of our power."  She stared 
over at him.  "Hey, he asked for it."  Yukio grinned and stared around.  
"Where's Kiyone and Raikon?"  He stared back at her.  "Uh, well they're probably 
off having fun that's for sure."  She laughed.  "Right."  Yukio laughed.  Washu 
was sitting on a bench trying to decode the information on the third personnel.  
"Common.."  She growled.  "Kohana//////lvl500,000,000,000////////////"  An image 
was about to load.  "What are you doing?"  Akina stared at the screen.  "AAAH!,  
Ahahaha!  nothing!"  She quickly slammed the laptop down.  "Uh.....right."  
Akina walked off.  "Whew."  She opened the laptop.  "File erased." The computer 
buzzed.  "No!  I was so close!"  Washu cried.

A man with navy hair and blue eyes walked out of a bar and stared up at the sky.  
"The fireworks started already?"  He was shocked and saw a women gazing into the 
fountain.  "Wonder who that is."  He walked over to her and stared at the 
fountain.  "What are you staring at?"  He smiled.  "Huh?"  Araumi stared up at 
him and blushed.  "Ah, I'm sorry."  He blushed.  "For what?  You just asked me a 
question."  She laughed.  "True, let me introduce myself, my name is Hiroshi 
Aino."    He sat down next to her.  "My name is Araumi."  She was still 
blushing.  "I've never seen you here before, did you come for Startica?"  He 
stared over at her.  "Something like that, I came here with my friends."  She 
sighed.  "How come you're out here by yourself, did you loose your friends in a 
crowd?"  He was concerned.  "No I just wanted to be alone for awhile."  She 
sighed.  "Oh, I'm sorry."  He got up and started to walk off.  "No wait, please 
don't go."  She begged.  "Uh, okay."  He blushed again.

Sasami, Kioko and other children were running around the maze searching for the 
center.  "Isn't this fun?"  Sasami laughed.  "Yeah!"  Kioko laughed until she 
bumped into someone.  "Oww!"  A little boy with white hair and green eyes 
staggered to his feet and stared down at Kioko.  "Are you okay?"  he reached his 
hand down.  "Yeah, I'm sorry I bumped into you."  She grabbed his hand and he 
helped her up.  "Ooh, looks like you've met someone."  Sasami giggled.  "Huh!?"  
They both blushed.   "I knew it,  see you're blushing!"  Sasami laughed until 
she saw a boy with green hair and green eyes.  "Now who's blushing."  The other 
boy teased.  "Hey what's your name?"  Kioko stared at him.  "My name is Juro, 
What's yours?"  he smiled.  "My name is Kioko, and that was Sasami."  They both 
noticed she ran off to talk to the boy.  

Akina searched through the town leaping from roof top to roof top for Araumi.   
"Araumi?  Where are you?"  she landed on one roof top and stared down.  She saw 
Araumi sitting close to a man.  "Alright!"  Akina smiled to herself.  "Did you 
find her?"  Yukio came up behind her.  "Yup."  She pointed down at the fountain.  
"Now that we know where she is we better find Kioko and Sasami."  Yukio smiled.  
"Right!"  They quickly decided to check the maze.

Later Araumi and Hiroshi watched the end of the firework show.  "Look out!"  
someone bumped into Araumi and caused her to fall into the fountain.  "Araumi 
are you okay!?"  Hiroshi reached down and pulled her out.  "That moron!"  She 
shivered.  "Here."  He took off his jacket and put it around her.  "You better 
head back to your hotel or wherever your staying  and get some dry clothes on, 
I'm really sorry that happened."  He was upset that their night was coming to an 
end.  "I don't want to go back."  She sighed.  "Uh, well do you want to come to 
my apartment?"  He offered.  "Yes."  She quickly answered and walked to his 
apartment with him. As they entered the apartment he noticed that she was a 
little pale "Hang on Araumi."  He ran to a closet and pulled out one of his old 
shirts.  "Go into the bathroom and change into this, I'll dry out your clothes 
for you."  He handed the shirt to her and she did as he said.  "Thank you for 
letting me stay here."  She walked out and sat on the sofa with him.  "How come 
you didn't want to go back?"  He smiled at her.  "I didn't want to leave you."  
She blushed.  "To tell you the truth I felt the same way about you."  He laughed 
slightly.  "Really?"  She came closer to him.  "Well, yeah?"  He was blushing.  
"I was hoping you felt that way."  She smiled.  "Hey are you hungry?"  He 
quickly walked into his kitchen and opened the cabinet.  "How does soup sound?"  
He stared back at her.  "Sure." She smiled.

Kioko and Juro turned around a corner and finally made it to the center of the 
maze.  "Man I hope it isn't hard to get out of here."  Kioko laughed.  "This is 
your first time here?"  He stared at her.  "Yup."  She giggled.  "Mine too, my 
parents wanted me to come here so I could train at a Juraian military camp."  He 
sighed.  "Juraian Military Camp!?  Hah!  My Mom and Dad could beat up the 
Juraian Military only using their index finger!"  Kioko held her head up.  
"Really?"  Juro stared.  "Sure!  My parents are the strongest fighters in the 
Universe!  They're going to start training me soon."  She smiled.  "I wish I 
could train with you guys."  He sighed.  "I don't know if you'd be able to keep 
up, we're Ratixian."  She smiled.  "So am I."  He grinned.  "Huh!?  Really!?"  
Her eyes were wide.  "Uh huh."  He sat down.  "I thought I was the only kid 
Ratixian."  She sighed.  "Kioko!"  Akina's voice shot out.  "It's Momma, hey 
Juro I gotta go."  Kioko took off her head band and handed it to him.  "What's 
this for?"  He accepted it.  "So you'll remember me, I hope we meet again some 
day."  She smiled as he put it on.  "Kioko!"  Yukio's voice shot out.  "Bye  
Juro!"  She jumped into the sky.  "Bye Kioko!"  He waved his hand until he 
couldn't see her anymore.



