Part 11
 
Akina dangled from chains latched to her wrists, blood staining her clothes and 
running down her face, and she could feel the cold hand of death upon her.  
"AKINA!"  Kiyone cried in shock.  "Everyone........I let them down........."  
She gasped for air.  "Mother.....Mother........."  Akina heard a gentle voice 
call to her.  "Kioko........"  Akina's eyes closed.   "How could I let this 
happen?  Why did I have to be so foolish?"  Tears stained Akina's face and 
finally her heart stopped.  "AKINA DON'T DIE!!!"  Raikon begged.

Earlier........

Raikon stretched out on the roof top, for years he had never been so happy.  Now 
he had a wife, a sister, two brothers, a nephew, a niece, friends,  heck it was 
a whole family!  "Good afternoon bro."  Akina jumped up to the roof.  "Hey lil 
sis."  He smiled and saw Kioko.  "Uncle! Uncle!"  She cheered.  "Hey there lil 
girl!"  He laughed.  "You certainly are in a happy mood today."  Akina sat next 
to him.  "I am. You know I never thought that life could be such a treasure till 
now."  He stared up at the clouds.  "Well, I always believed life is more like a 
gift.  Having people you truly care about there with you is what makes it a 
treasure."  Akina smiled.  "You believe in allot don't you?"  He smiled.  "I 
do."  She sighed.  "You know what Akina?"  He stared over at her.  "What?"  She 
stared down at him.  "Heh, never mind."  He got up and jumped off the roof.  "I 
wonder what he was going to say?"  Akina scratched her head then looked over to 
the center of the lake.  "Not again."  She flew off the roof and watched as 
Yukio tried to power up.  "KAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!"  The water around him shot 
up.  "Yukio!  Knock it off!"  Akina shouted.  "Huh?"  all the water in the air 
splashed down on him.  "Uh, sorry."  She tried not to laugh.  "Silly Dadda!"  
Kioko laughed.  "You goofy little girl!"  He laughed and picked her up.  "This 
is treasure."  Akina thought happily to herself.  

Meanwhile on a faraway castle.
"Her heart is glowing........damn you Akina."  A women growled.  "I knew this 
day would come, now I will finally put out that light forever!"  Her hair was 
long and a very dark violet color, her eyes were the same.  "I will make you 
suffer for taking him!"  she formed a sword in her hand and launched out of her 
castle.

Kiyone was filling out a report on her last case.  "Damn."  She sighed and 
tapped her pencil on the table.  "Kiyone you've been working on that report all 
day."  Raikon snatched it away.  "Hey, common that's due tomorrow."  Kiyone 
reached out for it.   "I'll finish it for you, now relax."  He winked and sat 
down.  "Oh thank you!"  She sighed in relief and fell back.  "Done."  Raikon 
dropped the pencil and put the report in a folder.  "Huh!?"  Kiyone sat up and 
pulled the report out of the folder.  "How.....how the?"  Kiyone was wide eyed.  
"That's just one of my talents."  Raikon grinned.  "Yo!"  Ryoko and the others 
ran into the house.  "Hey!"  Kiyone and Raikon blushed and decided to save their 
romance for later.  "Finish your report Kiyone?"  Akina sat next to her.  "Don't 
say report."  Kiyone grimaced.  "I still think you two should join the forces."  
Akina looked over at Raikon then back at Kiyone.  "I'm happy working at the GP."  
Raikon sighed.  "I don't think my power is advanced enough for that."  Kiyone 
laughed.  "Whatever Kiyone, I have to admit you did put up a good fight when you 
were trying to arrest me the first day you came,  I'm afraid of what might 
happen if you challenge me again."  Ryoko grinned and sat at the table.  "That's 
not such a bad idea."  Kiyone teased.  "What was that?"  Ryoko growled.  "Common 
you two, you're friends not police officer and criminal."  Yukio laughed  
"Yukio, that's exactly what they are."  Akina sighed.  "Hey where's Kioko?"  
Raikon stared at Akina.  "She's sleeping in her crib, she was pretty tired 
today."  Akina sighed.  "Maybe she's getting sick?"  Tenchi and Aeka sat at the 
table.  "I doubt that."  Yukio stared up.  "She's such a great niece though."  
Kiyone smiled.    "Man, when am I going to get some nieces and nephews huh?"  
Akina stared at Kiyone then at Raikon.  "Uh, er we........"  They stuttered.  
"Never mind."  Akina blushed and laughed.  "Hey somebody's here."  Tenchi stared 
out at the dock and saw a women.  "I'll go see who it is."  Akina opened the 
door and stepped out.  "Hello there, can I help you?"  She smiled.  "Akina 
Makibi?"  The women growled.  "Uh, yes.  How did you know my name?"  Akina 
stared at her.  "My name is Araumi, I've come to finish you off!"  She growled.  
"What?"  Akina was slightly shocked.  "Who is it?"  Yukio came up behind her and 
saw Araumi.  "Yukio...."  Araumi blushed.  "Um, Miss Araumi, have I done 
something to upset you?"  Akina was trying to be kind.  "Enough!  We fight now!"  
Araumi growled.  "I'm not going to fight you!"  Akina shouted.  "That's not an 
option!"  Araumi held her hand up and everyone but Akina vanished.  "EVERYONE!"  
Akina stared into the house.  "My castle is on a star three light years east of 
Earth, if you don't arrive in 1 hour I will kill all of them."  She vanished.  
"This is all to familiar."  Akina growled and remembered Kioko.  "KIOKO!"  She 
quickly ran inside the house and still found Kioko in her crib.  "What am I 
going to do?"  Akina didn't want to leave Kioko behind.  "Go on........."  A 
faint voice called to her.  "Huh?"  Her head shot up.  "I'm sorry Kioko, I'll be 
back soon I promise."  she kissed Kioko's forehead and ran out of the house.

Later Raikon found himself in a tube like chamber.  "Kiyone?  Everyone?"  He 
pressed his face against the glass and tried to find them.  "Kiyone!"  He saw 
her hanging from the wall by chains.  "NO!"  he punched against the glass but 
couldn't break it.  "How does it feel Lord Raikon?"  Araumi appeared with her 
head hanging low.  "To be denied of your love?  To see them being treated in 
terrible ways?  WHEN YOU WANT NOTHING MORE THAN TO BE WITH THEM!?"  Araumi 
shouted.  "Why are you doing this!?"  Raikon stared at her.  "All I ever wanted 
was to be loved,  and I found Yukio, but he didn't love me!"  Araumi growled.  
"He loved that bitch, when I see how happy she is now......."  Araumi's head 
went up.  "I want to kill her for that!"  Araumi had an evil grin on her face.  
"Killing Akina will not solve your problem Araumi."  Raikon pressed his hands on 
the glass.  "I know, but I still want her to suffer and die!"  Araumi noticed 
the angered look on his face.  "You can't do this!"  He pounded his fist on the 
glass.  "Watch me.  And by the way, there's no way you can break out of that 
tube, and just in case you try to use the electricity power of yours."  The tank 
began to fill with water.  "Till Akina arrives."  Araumi grinned and walked out 
of the room.  "No....."  Raikon's eyes lit up and he pressed harder on the 
glass.  "KIYAAAAAA!!!"  It began to crack but Raikon felt intense pain of the 
electricity in the water.  "AAAAAAAARRRRRRRRGGGGGGGHHHHHHH!"  The glass finally 
broke and Raikon fell from his chamber.  "Kiyone......."  Raikon passed out. 

Araumi walked into a bedroom.  "Finally....."  She smiled and walked to a bed.  
There laid Yukio's nearly lifeless body.  "We'll finally be together."  She 
leaned forward to kiss him.  "ARAUMI!"  A voice shouted.  "No, how could she get 
here so fast?!"  Araumi's head shot up and she quickly transported out of the 
room. 

Akina stood in Araumi's main room with a pleased look on her face.  "Well, it's 
the witch of darkness."  Araumi growled down at her.  "Where's my family?"  
Akina growled.  "Tell me how you got here so fast!"  Araumi demanded.  "It's a 
funny thing between me and Raikon,  I saw everything he could see just a few 
minutes ago and transported myself here.."  Akina's fists clenched.  "And here's 
another funny thing, he broke free from his chamber.  You'd be surprised at how 
dangerous a pissed off Juraian can be!"  She started to glow with her blue aura.  
"Now I'm going to make you pay."  Akina growled. "Hmm, you seem to forget that 
you are on my turf Akina......"  she held her hand up and lights filled the 
room.  Sasami, Aeka, Ryoko, Washu, Yosho, Tenchi, Ryo-Ohki, Mihoshi, and 
Nobuyuki were all dangling from chains.  "Let them go Araumi,  you know very 
well that they don't deserve this!"  Akina said in a threatening low tone.  
"Hmm, fine."  Araumi grinned as they all were released.  "Now let the fight 
begin."  Araumi charged up her blade.

"Raikon..........Raikon.........."  A soft feminine voice called to him.  "Who 
are you?"  He could hardly move.  "You'll be alright now."  His body was healed.  
"Now go....my mother's light is disappearing.................."  Raikon's eyes 
widened.  "Kioko?"  He gasped and quickly jumped to his feet.  "Aunt 
Kiyone........help her."  the voice called out again.  "I will."  Raikon flew up 
and broke the chains from her.  "Kiyone, can you hear me?"  He was relieved when 
her eyes opened.  "I heard her........Kioko....."  Kiyone gasped for air.  "Shh, 
save your energy."  Raikon smiled and ran out of the room with her in his arms.

Akina jumped into the air and formed an energy ball in her hand.  Araumi flew at 
her with full speed.  "Prepare yourself!"  Akina pitched the ball and it hit 
Araumi into the ground.  "No......how could you have become so powerful!?"  
Araumi growled.  "I trained you dumbass!"  Akina growled.  "Hmm, well not 
enough."  Araumi grinned and staggered to her feet.  " I didn't think I'd have 
to use all of my energy on you......."  Araumi pulled off her cloak and began to 
glow with a red aura.   "Now it's time for you to die!"  Chains shot out from 
the walls and latched onto Akina's wrists.  "AHAHAHAHA!"  Araumi shot an energy 
beam through Akina's arms and legs.  "AAAAAAAARRRRRRRRGGGGGHHHH!"  Akina growled 
in pain.  "Now Yukio is mine!"  Araumi shot an energy beam through Akina's 
heart.  Everyone woke up and stared up in shock at her.  "AKINA!"  Ryoko 
screamed in horror.  Raikon and Kiyone ran into the room and stared up at her

Akina dangled from the chains latched to her wrists, blood staining her clothes 
and running down her face, and she could feel the cold hand of death upon her.  
"AKINA!"  Kiyone cried in shock.  "Everyone........I let them down........."  
She gasped for air.  "Mother.....Mother........."  Akina heard a gentle voice 
call to her.  "Kioko........"  Akina's eyes closed.   "How could I let this 
happen?  Why did I have to be so foolish?"  Tears stained Akina's face and 
finally her heart stopped.  "AKINA DON'T DIE!!!"  Raikon begged.


						To Be Continued..............

