Part 9

Akina walked through the HQ until she made it to the commander's office.  
"Akina, my god what the hell happened to you?"  His eyes widened.  "The A-1 
class criminal Masahiro has been eliminated."  She saluted.  "You?  You defeated 
Masahiro!?"  His eyes widened.  "Thanks to Ryoko, Yukio, Raikon and Tsunami."  
She put her hand down.  "WHAT!?"  He shouted.  "A space pirate, a the other 
legendary Ratixian, the missing heir to the Jurai throne, and the legendary 
Juraian battle ship!?"  He turned pale when she nodded.  "Whatever."  He groaned 
and sat back down.  "Get to the medical room you've got blood all over you."  He 
picked up a paper.  "Yes sir!'  She walked out of the office.  "Akina?  Where 
have you been?"  A group walked up to her.  "Long story."  She sighed and walked 
past them to the med. room.  "Damnit!"  Yukio growled as the doctors sealed a 
wound on his back shut.  "Did Masahiro do this to you?"  Akina stared at his 
back.  "Yeah."  Yukio looked back at her.  "Don't move!"  the doctor shouted.  
"Nothing serious happened to Akina."  A nurse smiled as Akina wiped the blood 
off.  "There we go."  The doctor laughed.  "Let's get out of here Akina."  Yukio 
rubbed his back.  "Okay."  They walked out of the med. room and walked into a 
transport.  "Exactly how many scars do you have?"  She teased.  "Thirty five, 
including this one."   he pointed at his back.  "So what are we going to do 
now?"  She looked up. 

Raikon stared at the Masaki household then noticed the Shrine.  "That's where 
Lord Katsuhito lives."  Kiyone looked over at him.  "I think I'll go pay my 
respects."  Raikon  started his way up the steps.  "Say Kiyone."  Washu walked 
up to her.  "What happened in the Tsunami anyway?"  She grinned.  "Nothing!"  
Kiyone growled down at her.  "Hey guys."  Ryoko landed on the dock.  "Ryoko!"  
They all smiled.  "Tenchi."  Ryoko flew over to him.  "Did you worry about me?"  
She grinned.  "Stop that!"  Aeka got between them.  "Of course I was worried."  
Tenchi sighed.  "Ryoko, do you know where Akina and Yukio are!?"  Kiyone stared 
at her.  "Yeah, she went to file a report on Masahiro."  she sighed.  "So she 
should be back soon right?"  Kiyone sighed with relief.  "AHAHAHAHAHAH!"  Ryoko 
started laughing.  

Raikon walked into the shrine office and saw Katsuhito taking a nap.  "Probably 
doesn't even know they were gone."  He moaned to himself.  "Graaaaaaaargh!"  
Katsuhito stretched his arms out and got up.  "YOSHO!"  Raikon shouted.  
"AAAAAH!"  Katsuhito grabbed his chest.  "Raikon!?"  He stared at Raikon.  "Long 
time no see, lil bro."  Raikon grinned.  "I see, looks as though you haven't 
aged at all."  He laughed.  "Neither have you."  Raikon sighed.  "You and mother 
are the only ones that know about my disguise."  He sighed as he returned to his 
normal form.  "It's a little obvious, we've been alive for over 2,000 years."  
Raikon sat down.  "By the way brother, how come you never told me of Achika?"  
He sighed.  "You knew about her?"  Yosho raised his eyebrows.  "She was my first 
niece."  He smiled.  "Now Tenchi, is my Great nephew."  He looked over at a 
picture on Yosho's desk.  "Yes, you know.......Aeka, Sasami, Mihoshi, Kiyone, 
Akina, Ryoko, Washu, and Ryo-Ohki? They all have become part of our family over 
the years."  Yosho stared over at the picture than back at Raikon.  "Akina and 
Yukio are wonderful fighters."  Raikon grinned.  "I wouldn't mind challenging 
them to see how the Juraian family measures up."  He noticed a look on Yosho's 
face.  "I know what you are thinking brother."  He grinned.  "Eh?"  Raikon had a 
sweat bead on his head.  "That Kiyone is rather seductive looking.  She turns 
men's heads when she walks down the streets."  He sipped his tea.  "Even mine."  
Raikon grabbed the picture and stared at the happy look on her face.  "That was 
ten days after Akina had come to Earth, I admire their close bond."  He sighed 
and looked over at Raikon.  "I wish I could see her face light up like that."  
Raikon sighed.  "You've known her for only a few hours and you already love 
her?"  Yosho grinned.  "I've known her since the day she was born."  Raikon 
smiled.  "Raikon, you really haven't changed at all."  Yosho sighed.

Akina and Yukio appeared inside his ship.  "Argh."  They both fell back.  "I'm 
so tired."  Akina moaned.  "I don't see why you're complaining, those scars on 
my back are killing me."  Yukio sighed.  "I've had worse."  Akina stared over at 
him.  "Like what?"  He looked over at her.  "Remember those bullets that were 
specially designed for destroying comets?"  She grimaced.  "Well, a man was held 
at gun point with one of those and I had to step in and take the bullet."  She 
pulled her pant leg up.  "You can't really see the scar anymore but that thing 
blazed my skin off."  She groaned.  "I've had an energy sword burning through 
me."  He raised his eyebrows.  "You were trying to kill my sister."   She pulled 
her shirt off and groaned when she saw how torn up it was.  "Guess I'm going to 
have to get another one."  She noticed the look on Yukio's face.  "You do 
realize you don't have your suit on all the way."  She looked down and 
remembered she tied the sleeves around her waist.  "So?  You're not wearing your 
shirt either."  She pulled the top of her suit up.  "Whatever."  He groaned and 
leaned back.  "Do you think that Raikon is really a descendant of Jurai?"  He 
stretched his arms out.  "I could sense the energy in him."  Akina stared out 
one of the windows.  "You know, for some reason he was so familiar.  When I saw 
him I started to think about Kiyone when she was younger."  She grinned.  
"That's odd."  Yukio sighed. "Umm,  I know this is a random subject but....."  
She started to blush.  "You wanna have a baby?"  He smiled.  "How did you..."  
She stopped.  "I've always wanted a family of my own."  He stared over at her.

Later on Earth Kiyone sat on the roof of the Masaki household.  "Damnit Akina, 
you're always disappearing off to somewhere nowadays."  Kiyone groaned and 
leaned back.  "What are you doing up here?"  Raikon looked down at her.   
"Thinking."  Kiyone sighed.  "About Akina?"  He sat down next to her.  "Read my 
mind."  She smiled and sat up.  "You'll see her again."  He smiled.  "You might 
find this interesting, Yukio and Akina have stopped aging."  Kiyone gave him a 
puzzled look.  "They're immortal, like the Juraians, but also like they Juraians 
they can be killed."  He sighed.  "You know allot about them don't you?"  Kiyone 
stared at him.  "Not really."  He grinned.  "But I know allot more about you."  
He leaned back.  "Like what?"  She stared at him.  "The year you were born, what 
schools you went to, bra size, rank at the galaxy police......."  Kiyone 
interrupted him.  "My bra size!?"  She stared down at him.  "I didn't say 
anything about that."  He grinned.  "Sounds more like you're obsessed with me."  
She scratched her head.  "I am."  He looked up at her and noticed that she was 
blushing.  "You're really close to Akina huh?"  He changed the subject.  "Yes."  
She smiled.  "She showed great determination in that battle with Masahiro, she's 
a true soldier."  he stared at the constellations.  "She is."  Kiyone sighed.  

