Part 16

A dark force slowly neared Earth. 
"Yes, soon I will have my gem and my form back!  Then I will finally have my 
revenge!"  It moaned until it felt strong energy entering the planet.  "No!  I 
must send a distraction so I'll have enough time to get the gem!"  Seven black 
orbs formed and shot down to Japan.  "That should keep them busy."  It laughed 
as it entered the atmosphere.

"Aah!  It feels so good to be back home!"  Tenchi stretched.  "Sure does."  
Sasami ran into the house to prepare dinner.  "It's still early in the day,  I'm 
going to go enroll Kioko into a school."  Akina flew off into the sky.  
"Man......"  Kioko's head hung low.  "You sound like me when I was at your age."   
Ryoko grinned.  "That must have been at least 700 years ago."  Washu laughed.  
"Is everyone around here a geezer or what?"  Yukio groaned.  "HEY!"  The 
immortals glared at him.  "I was just kidding!"  He laughed.  

Akina quickly flew down to the street as she neared a town.  "If Kioko was an 
Earthling it would take her half an hour to walk to school."  Akina stared back 
and realized the house was nowhere in sight.  "I wonder why they built the house 
so far out there anyway?"  Akina sighed and saw the Elementary school.  
"Finally!"  She smiled.  "AAAAAAAH!"  a women ran out of the school and shot 
past her.  "What the?"  She stared back at her.  "You there!"  A strange voice 
shot out.  "Huh?"  Akina stared back over at the building and saw a man in a 
strange tuxedo.  "You are the most beautiful women I've ever seen!  Be my 
Bride!"  He tossed a giant wring at her.  "I'm already taken!"  She shot an 
energy wave at the wring and destroyed it.  "Run away with me and be mine 
forever!"  He pleaded and tossed a giant bouquet out.  "EH!?"  She saw large 
vines shooting out from it.  "This is nuts!"  She dodged the vines and destroyed 
the bouquet.  "Who the hell are you!?"  She shouted.  "I am I.A.Groom!  And I 
want my Bride!"  He shot into the sky and vanished.  "I can't let that mad man 
go around!"  She chased after it.  

Raikon made his way up the temple steps.  "You there........"  A seductive voice 
called out.  "Huh?"  He smelt a terribly strong perfume.  "What is that smell!?"  
He coughed.  "Aah!  I've found Prince Charming!"  a women in a strange dress 
appeared.  "Oh god......"  Raikon backed up.  "Wait where are you going!?" She 
started to chase after him.  "You must be mine!!!!"  She tossed an apple at him 
but missed.  "An apple?"  he saw it melt a large hole in the ground.  "A Fairy 
Tale Monster!"  He started to run faster.  "A lightning bolt should finish her 
off!"  He shot a lightning bolt at her and she vanished.  "How dare you try to 
harm an innocent maiden!  I won't forgive you!"  It shouted and reappeared.  
"That just made her even more angry!"  He stopped and shot a thunder wave at 
her.  "STOP IT!!!!"  She cried.

"I must find my Bride!  I must find my Bride!"  The monster chanted.  "SHUT UP!"  
Akina formed a shield around her fist.  "Gravity Shield!"  he fell into the 
crater she made in the ground.  "Now he's finished!"  She grinned and prepared 
another attack.  "I must find my Bride!"  He jumped out of the crater and kept 
running.  "EH!?"  She stared in shock.  "Wait a minute, he's heading back 
towards the house!"  Akina growled and continued to chase after him.

"Now maybe I can finish her off!"  Raikon held his hand up.  "You're mean!  How 
dare you try to harm a Maiden!"  Little dwarfs appeared and charged at him.  
"Holy!"  Raikon jumped back and shot an energy wave at them.  "I must find my 
Bride! I must find my Bride!"  A voice shouted.  "Come back here you bastard!"  
another voice shouted.  "Akina?"  He stared back and saw Akina chasing after a 
monster.  "I've found my bride!"  I.A.Groom stared at the Fairy Tale Monster. 
"Prince Charming!"  It cheered.  "Raikon?"  Akina stared at him and stopped 
running.  "Let's hurry and finish them off!"  Raikon stared at her.  "Right!"  
They charged up their best attack and shot them at the monsters.  "This is a 
happy ending!"  The attacks didn't even harm the monsters.  "WHAT!?"  Akina and 
Raikon were shocked.  "We'll live happily ever after!"  They prepared to attack 
Akina and Raikon. "I know!"  Akina reached into her pocket and pulled out a 
temple scroll.  "What's that?"  Raikon stared at her.  "Something Lord Katsuhito 
gave me, I hope this works!"    She held it out.  "Rin, pyo, toh, sha, kai, jin, 
retsu, zai, zen! Akuryo Taisan!"  She tossed the scroll out and the monsters 
vanished.  "They were evil, the scroll worked!"  She smiled.  "What were those 
things anyway?"  Raikon stared at her.  "Whatever they were they obviously had 
no true form since none of our attacks touched them."   Akina thought aloud.  
"So they were evil spirits?"  He stared at the spot where they vanished.  "I 
don't know."  Akina sighed.  "Well, I better head back to that school and enroll 
Kioko."  Akina darted back towards the elementary school.  "I better ask Yosho 
to teach me that chant."  Raikon scratched his head.  

"Damn!  Someone destroyed my decoys."  The force growled and plunged into an 
ocean.  "Hmm, no worries.  I already know where my gem is!"  it laughed.

Later at the house.  "You and Akina were attacked by evil spirits?"  Kiyone's 
eyes were wide.  "I can't really say that, Akina said a Buddhist chant and it 
destroyed them but we couldn't determine if those things were spirits or not."  
Raikon sighed.  "That's scary."  Sasami and Kioko said in unison.  "What if 
there are more monsters like those two?"  Ryoko thought aloud.  "Exactly, we 
have to find some kind of technique to defeat these things.  It takes a very 
long time to say the chant and use the scroll."   Tenchi sighed.  "Hmm, Raikon 
you wouldn't happen to have the scroll Akina used would you?"  Washu stared over 
at him.  "Yeah."  He pulled it out of his pocket and handed it to her.  "I'll 
analyze it and find a way for you guys to defeat these things."  Washu walked 
into her lab.  "I'm back."  Akina walked into the house with a uniform tossed 
over her shoulder and school supplies.  "I have to wear a uniform!?"  Kioko 
stared.  "Yup."  Akina tossed it to her.  "Don't get it dirty."  She warned.  
"You didn't say anything about having to wear a uniform!"  Kioko growled.  "You 
didn't ask."  Akina smiled and stared around.  "Where's Araumi?"  She stared.  
"She's at the temple."  Raikon smiled.  "Really?  I wonder why."  She scratched 
her head.  


The chant Akina said is a Buddhist chant used to cast away Evil Spirits.  Sorry 
if I typed it wrong but I'm pretty sure that I got it right.

