Disclaimer: “Tenchi Muyo!” is the property of A.I.C. and Pioneer. Their use
is not intended to be cannon, so don’t sue. All other characters are from a
story I have written, entitled “The Dragon Pendant Saga,” and are
copyrighted by me. Please don’t use them without letting people know who
created them. Thank you.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“To every thing there is a season, and a time to every purpose under the
heaven.”

Ecclesiastes 3:1

Tenchi knelt in the midst of the dead insects and sobbed. Never before had
he felt so helpless. He should have done something. He continued to berate
himself silently for not having saved his surrogate little sister, Sasami.
“Why? Why couldn’t I protect her? I shoulda been able to do something. I can
produce Light Hawk Wings! They’re the most powerful force in the universe!
And yet, I couldn’t save one little girl. Damn it!” His shame was felt
several times over by his friends who stood behind him.
        “Tenchi-sama,” called Aeka. “Are you all right?”
        He attempted to regain his composure, and turned to the group.
“Yeah, I’m fine. Washu, could you find Sasami for me?”
The crab-headed genius shrugged her thin shoulders. “Nope, sorry. I check
with every satellite in the universe, and none of them could find hide or
hair of Sasami, or that creep, Beelzebub. It’s like they vanished from this
dimension entirely.” Everyone sighed heavily and walked back into the house.
        “Hey, Liam,” the Juraian prince called out, “how do you take this
armor off?”
Liam tapped the breastplate of the armor with his index and middle fingers
and said, “Disarm.” Tenchi did likewise and their armors were sucked into
their respective medallions. “That’s better,” said Tenchi as they walked
into the Masaki residence.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“A time to kill, and a time to heal.”
                                Ecc. 3:3a.
        Pierce’s wounds weren’t deep, but they stung like a swarm of bees
under his skin. “How could Wasp claw through my stone skin?” thought the
monk as he walked into the living room. “It is impenetrable, or so I
thought. His talons must be made of Damascus metal.” Ryoko sauntered into
the house. Her face was full of remorse. Mihoshi, who was crying
uncontrollably, closely followed her.
        “Who’s gonna make dinner now?! Waaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh!”
        “Shut up, ditz! Kuso! I can’t even hear myself think,” chided the
demoness. “I miss the little kid too, but you don’t see me cryin’, do ya’?”
        “You shouldn’t belittle the lady because she wishes to weep,”
corrected Pierce.
        “Who th’ hell are you to say what to do and what not to do?”
        “One who wishes he could cry, and lacks tears.” He sat down on the
couch and looked out the window. “Every time I think of all the things which
I have done, I want to cry. But I have no tears to shed. I envy those who
can mourn, for through mourning comes healing. I will never be healed.”
        “What didja do?” asked Ryoko. (It can’t be any worse than what I’ve
done.)
        “I was possessed by a Shadow Demon once. With it in control of my
body, I committed horrible acts against humanity…”
        “You wrote yaoi lemon fan fics of anime characters?” asked Mihoshi.
        “Hunh? No. I killed, raped, and enslaved thousands of people. Entire
cities crumbled and burned because of me. Not even little children were
safe.”
        “Wow. We got a lot in common,” said Ryoko.
        “How so?”
        “I did a lotta bad stuff too. This guy, K-K…Kagato, he brainwashed
me, and made me destroy planets, and…” She began to cry. “He would beat me
and … rape me if I didn’t obey him. Sometimes he did it even when I did what
he told me to, anyway. There was this time when I almost killed Sasami. Aeka
never forgave me for that. I didn’t either. That’s why I’m so mad that that
wasp guy got her. I gotta repay her for what I did.”
        “Yes, I see that we do have a lot in common.”
        Ryoko sniffles, and looks at Pierce, with wonder in her eyes. (How
did this happen? First I’m trying not to kill Mihoshi for, well, being
Mihoshi, and now I’m bearing my soul to a man made of rock. Maybe if I were
this open with Tenchi…)
        “Liam’s life was almost taken by my hand. If he had not removed the
demon from me, I may have hurt him. I protect him to atone for my deeds.”
        “But, the demon made you do those things,” Mihoshi stated, finally
recovering from her crying fits. “You couldn’t help it.”
        “My mind may not have made me perform those atrocities, but my body
committed the acts. Besides, the demon would not have possessed me if my
heart were not so full of hate. It is my fault.” He turned to Ryoko. “You,
however, were manipulated by a ruthless, vile person. Your acts were not of
your will. You are innocent.”
“Well, why don’t I feel innocent?” Ryoko began to weep uncontrollably
herself. She leaned into Pierce’s chest, and sobbed. He wrapped his large
arms around her and whispered to her, “Now, we can both truly begin to heal.
For Sasami, Liam, and the others, we must be strong.” Then, a lone teardrop
fell from his left eye. He cried for the first time in five years. They
continued to cry, and heal, oblivious to the others who saw them. Mihoshi
then left them alone, to avoid weeping again.
“I must be strong,” she said to herself, as she walked up the stairs to her
room.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“A time to break down, and a time to build up.”
                                Ecc. 3:3b.
        Mihoshi locked herself in her room, refusing to let the severity of
the event to bring her down. “I am a Galaxy Police detective. I cannot let
this get to me. I have to think. How can I help?”  As she chanted these
things to herself, water began to form in her eyes. “No! I can’t cry! I
gotta help out. I gotta be strong. I…” She couldn’t help it. Her head was
soon buried in the pillow of her futon, to muff her sobs.
        “Are you well?” came a voice from behind. Eri stepped forward from
the corner of the room.
        “H-how did you get in here?” asked the detective.
        “I teleported into the room when I heard someone crying,” the
sorceress replied. “Is something the matter?”
        “No. No, I’m fine. I just need to stay strong. Sasami is gone, so
someone has to be the mature one around here,” replied Mihoshi.
        “That’s sad,” said Eri. “One person must carry the weight of many.”
She sits down beside the quivering officer. “Liam is the same way. He thinks
that since he is the most powerful amongst us, our safety rests in his weary
hands. He doesn’t understand that we protect each other.”
        “What do you mean, Miss?” asked Mihoshi.
        “You are a police officer, right?”
        “Yes, but-“
        “So you are one of many other officers who perform the same task.
You all protect and serve.”
        “Yes.”
        “And if one of you were in danger, what would you do?”
        “Protocol says that we should request for…backup to assist us.”
Mihoshi had an epiphany. “So, I don’t have to be strong for everyone. We
each help each other! Thank you, miss.” Mihoshi walked to the door and
exited the room, eager to aid the Masaki clan.
        Eri straightened out the futon. She was finally alone. Now she could
cry, and no one would hear her. “It’s my fault that Sasami is missing. I
created the perfect diversion for Beelzebub to take the girl… Wait. It’s not
my fault. How could I know that he would take her? I must do whatever I can
to help the others find her. Others may strengthen me, but I must be strong
for my self.” She arose from the futon and teleported to the living room.
        Mihoshi was outside, using her control cube to call her shuttle,
Yukinojo. “C’mon, stupid cube, work! Ah!” The cube began to glow and the
Galaxy Police space vessel landed in front of the detective.  She walks up
the stairs into the ship and enters the cockpit. “Yukinojo, patch me into GP
headquarters.” A small robotic head appears from the back of the cockpit and
responds, “Yes, Miss Mihoshi.”
        “This is Officer Kiramitsu calling GP HQ. Do you read?”
 An image of her commanding officer appears on the screen. “Report,
Mihoshi.”
        “Sir. A member of the imperial Juraian family has been kidnapped.
Requesting and APB.”
        “Describe the suspect, Mihoshi,” replied the Commander.
        “Sir, the suspect in question is about 6’8”, has yellow skin with
black marks all over his body. He has long white hair and gray eyes. Oh
yeah, and he has wings like a wasp, Sir.”
        “A wasp?” asked the befuddled officer.
        “Yes, Sir.”
        The commander looked quizzically at the blonde detective for a
moment. Then he responded, “Whom did he kidnap?”
        Mihoshi replied, “He has kidnapped second Princess Sasami Jurai,
Sir.”
        “Right. I’ll send the APB right away. Good work, Mihoshi.”
        “Thank you, Sir.” She then broke contact with HQ. “Thanks,
Yukinojo.”
        “You’re welcome, ma’am,” said the computer and retracted to the back
of the cockpit. Mihoshi exited the shuttle and it returned into space.
        Eri looked from outside the window. “Our armies grow larger,” she
sighed.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“A time to weep and a time to laugh; a time to mourn, and a time to dance.”
       Ecc. 3:4
        It was lunchtime, but with no one with any culinary skills in the
house currently, everyone seemed resigned to go hungry for the day.
        “We’re gonna starve,” sighed Tenchi.
        “I must warn you: after about six hours, I will resort to
cannibalism,” said West.
        “The gremlin shall be the first to be roasted,” retorted Aeka.
Manji then walked into the kitchen. He set out every pot and pans in the
cabinets. He then washed his hands and put on Sasami’s frilliest apron. “And
now,” he announced, “It’s time for, ‘Cooking with Manjimaru!’”
        “We’re gonna die,” muttered Ryoko.
        “Actually, his cooking is pretty good,” said Liam. “As long as you
don’t ask what is in the food.” They all turned towards the kitchen, from
which emanated the sounds of an eleven-year-old wolf-boy merrily making
Lord-knows-what.
        “O, solo mio!” sang Manji. “O, solo pumpernickel! O, solo licorice!
O, solo MEATBAAAAAAALLLLLLLL!”
        “D’ya mind singin’ solo that we can’t hear ya?” joked Ryoko. Giggles
and snickers were heard from around the table. A skillet flew out of the
kitchen, and collided into Ryoko’s head.
        “No soup for you!” screamed Manji. The group, sans the former space
pirate, was laughing with raucous abandon. Thirty minutes later, delicious
scents began wafting through the house.
        “Mmmm. Whatever he’s cooking, it sure smells good,” said West.
        “Indeed,” agreed Aeka, “I hope it tastes as good as it smells.”
Manji came waltzing of the kitchen with a large vat of soup. “Diner is
served.” He lifted the lid off the vat and ran back into the kitchen. He
returned with eleven bowls and spoons.
        “Uh, Manji,” said Tenchi, “there are twelve people here, and you
only brought eleven bowls.”
        “I know,” said Manji as he poured the soup into everyone’s bowls.
“The rest is all for me!”
        “What did you use to make this soup?” Aeka inquired.
        “We told ya not to ask him that!” exclaimed Liam.
        “Dashing bush, okra, coconut water, pesto sauce, kiwi, and some
conqe,” the wolf-boy replied.
        “You mean, you castrated someone and put it in the soup?!” asked
Mihoshi.
        “No, conqe is a type of mussel, like a clam,” said Eri.
        “Wait up,” said Liam. “Those are the ingredients for calalou soup.
It’s a Caribbean dish.”
        “Since when did Sasami have conqe fish in the fridge?” Ryoko asked.
        “I don’t know,” said Manji, “I just followed the instructions on
this card she left on the counter.”
        “That means, she was going to make this for us tonight,” replied
Aeka.” Everybody’s head has lowered. Suddenly, Manji interjected, “I guess
that’s why I was able to make this taste so good.” Laughter returned to the
Masaki residence.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“A time to get, and a time to lose; a time to keep, and a time to cast away;
a time to rend, and a time to sew; a time  to keep silence, and a time to
speak.”         Ecc. 3:6,7

        The laughter subsided quickly. No sound came from inside the house
except for that of Manji slurping every drop of calalou from the vat.  Their
laughter was used simply to cover their sadness, and hopelessness. The
silence had to be broken. Liam looked to Tenchi and said, “So, will you help
us?”
        “I guess that I have to, now,” replied Tenchi. “We have to find
Sasami somehow.”
        “ I… I think I know how you feel. I lost someone special to these
demons before,” Liam said.
        “Who?”
        “I figured this would come up sooner or later,” Liam thought. He
said aloud, “My half-brother, Nicholas. I never got a chance to know him. In
fact, he tried to kill me every time he saw me. Don’t know why. I thought,
like, maybe my family did something to his family, or somethin’.  He wanted
to defeat Xander Tyrann all by himself, and when I wouldn’t stop going after
the old necromancer, he tried to stop me any way he could.”
        “That’s terrible,” gasped Aeka. “There should be no animosity
between brothers.”
        “We didn’t even know we were related. Until Xander attacked us, that
is. That’s when we teamed up to fight him. Then we found out the truth.
Xander was an ancestor of ours and, and we were brothers. Xander then
possessed Nick’s body. Nick told me that the only way to stop Xander was to
kill him. So, I…”
        ”Killed your brother,” said Tenchi.
        “Yeah. I don’t know what Beelzebub wants with Sasami, but I don’t
want you to lose her. Not like how I lost Nick. I’m gonna save her.”
        “Thanks,” said Tenchi. “Your brother must have been a nice guy, when
he wasn’t trying to assassinate you, for you to miss him.”
        Tears were streaming down from Liam’s eyes. His voice, however, kept
steady, belying the guilt he felt for Nick and Sasami’s loss. “He was like
me, always sad and lonely. He never had many friends. He kinda looked like
you. That armor you wore, that was his.”
        “This must have a lot of personal value. Why’d you give it to me?”
asked the Juraian prince.
        “I dunno.  It jus’ felt right. And because, it protects you from the
demons’ power. We don’t want our new ally to be possessed, do we?”
        “No,” said Eri.
        “No,” replied Pierce.
        “Nope,” spouted West.
        “No,” said Aricelli.
        “Nuh–uh,” said Manji, whose head was deep within the vat.
        Laughter was once again heard around the table.
        “May I excuse myself?” asked Aricelli.
        “Sure,” said Yosho. She left the table and went upstairs. “Hmm.
Earlier, I thought I heard her call that demon, ‘husband.’ Is this true? Are
they married?”
        “They were a couple at one time,” replied Eri, “But she left him.
The romance was gone, I suppose. She was an ally of Nick, but after his
death she became my personal bodyguard. She told me that she had to find her
redemption, thought I’m not sure what that means.”
        “She believes that the only way she can start her life over,” said
Pierce, “is to destroy all of her ties with the Shadow Demons. She uses Liam
to do so.”
        “Why does she feel like that?” asked Mihoshi.
        “She never lived her own life,” Eri answered. “First, her husband
used her to produce more children. Then a demon possessed her and used her
to kill people. She grows weary of being used. So she uses others for her
own means. Even we are as her puppets, in a sense.”
        Silence. “Washu, were you able to find Sasami yet?” asked Aeka, for
the fifteenth time today.
        “No. I can’t find either her or Wasp. Some genius I am,” Washu
replied.
        Every body sighed. “I’m gonna go check on spider girl,” said West.
The gremlin stood up and walked out of the room, with Ryo-Ohki following
behind.
        “Hey, Pierce,” whispered Ryoko, “about what happened earlier…”
        “I won’t tell a soul,” Pierce whispered back.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“A time of war, and a time of peace.”
                                 Ecc. 3:8b
        The sun was setting ahead of Aricelli. The sky seamed to be painted
all shades of red, yellow and violet.  The gentile breeze flowed through her
short black hair, and carried the sent of the nearby cherry blossoms. For
once in her life, she felt content. This is the life she has longed for. She
must be here, free.
        “Yo, spider girl,” called a small voice behind her. “You okay?”
        “Yes,” she replied. “The view from this roof is beautiful, is it
not?”
        “Yeah,” said West, “but I prefer sunrises to sunsets.”
        “Why?”
        “I dunno. I guess I like ‘em ‘cause they give me hope. They help me
to believe that today’s gonna be better than yesterday.”
        “Myaaah,” said Ryo-Ohki from behind West. He chuckled.
        “What did she say?” asked Aricelli.
        West replied, “She said, ‘The sky is orange like carrots.’ Ha ha.”
        The serene moment was diffused when Aricelli’s pistols began to glow
red. “Demons,” she stated. “Very powerful demons are close by. Can you sense
where they are, West?”
        West closed his eyes, lifted his ears and listened for something.
His bushy tail went limp. Then jutted straight to up. “They’re to the
north.”
        The rest of West’s friends ran outside to look for their friend.
West shouted to them from the roof, “Hey guys, we got a demon!”
        “We know!” replied Liam, whose sword was in his and glowing red.
“Where’s it comin’ from!?”
        “I’m sensing it from the north!”
        “The north?” said Tenchi who was coming out of the house with the
others. “But the farthest large city north of here is Tokyo.”
        “Then, we gotta go to Tokyo,” said Liam. “I gotta feelin’ that Wasp
the Beelzebub is there.”
        “And if he is there,” said Yosho, “so is Sasami.”
        “Yup. That’s my hunch. Um, how’re we gonna get there?”
        “Leave that to me,” said Ryoko, boisterously. Ryo-Ohki!” With that,
the cabbit hopped off the roof and transformed into a spaceship.
        “Wow,” said Liam and his guardians, simultaneously. A tractor beam
teleported them all inside the biological vessel. Then with a roaring,
“MMMMMMMYYYYYYYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRR,” it took off towards the
capital of Japan.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
        It was six in the evening when Nobuyuki returned home from work. He
reached into his pocket to get the keys to his house, when he noticed a note
on the door. It read:

Dear Dad,
                Sasami’s been kidnapped. We’re off to save her, so you’ll
have to find yourself something to eat. Sorry.
                                        Signed,
                                   Tenchi, and the girls.
        Nobuyuki looked at this for a minute, and sighed. “You think that
they would at least order me a pizza, or something, before they left. It’s
almost like they have no need or time for me.” With a heavy heart and an
empty stomach, he entered into his home.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
NEXT TIME: More members of Liam’s Guardians are found. And Minagi comes to
visit! When Wasp tries to escape with Sasami, a mysterious woman fights back
with reckless cunning and skill. Who is she, and what does she want with the
kawaii princess? Find out in “Beelzebub: Lord of the Flies- Chapter Three:
No Need for an Air Raid!”

A/N: Yatta! I have finished my third fanfic! I’m so happy… (Sob!) Now I can
study for the finals. So I won’t be starting on Chapter Three until March
25.  I love to write these stories. It’s a lot of fun. But this story is
kinda sad. It is dedicated to Ms. Blanch Robinson, who died two weeks ago.
Ecclesiastes 3 was her favorite chapter in the Bible (Or so I heard.), and
so I was inspired to write this story because of her passing.

“God bless you, please, Mrs. Robinson/ Heaven holds a place for those who
pray.”
                                        Simon and Garfunkle, “Mrs. Robinson”

        Send all questions, comments, flames, and etc. to
enigma@iamdstudents.com.
                                        Ja ne!
                        Alex “The Semi-Great Enigma” Curtindolph.