Disclaimer: “Tenchi Muyo!,” its characters, and any related images, written
or otherwise, are the properties of AIC/Pioneer. Their use is not, nor is it
intended to be cannon, and no monetary compensation was given for the
creation of this work. All other characters are the creation of Alexander
Curtindolph and Luis Angelo Rojas III, and are not to be used without proper
credit in any work. Thank You.
========================================================================
Beelzebub: Lord of the Flies
Prologue: A Definite Need for Tenchi!
========================================================================
        It had been raining in Okayama, Japan for the past three days. Liam
didn’t mind, however. It suited his mood. He had been standing in the middle
of the street since seven in the evening, with his rain-soaked red hair in
his emerald-green eyes. The lips of his freckled face were curled into a
sinister sneer as he gazed at the empty streets of the city. From the
darkness, a figure stepped into the light of a nearby streetlamp. Liam
remained in the shadows, just in case.
        It had been over three days since he left his home world of Chima in
search of the Shadow Demon, Beelzebub. Liam remembered his grandfather
telling him that Beelzebub was one of the most powerful demons ever created.
It had been sleeping in a windy cavern that was an eight-day journey away
from William Castle, his home. Now that he had been awoken, and was under
the control of a man other than the one who created him, Liam knew that he
had to be stopped.
        Liam had no armor as he usually did when entering battle. He simply
wore a green tee shirt over an oversized, black, turtleneck sweater with
khaki pants and orange hi-top sneakers. ‘I have to be inconspicuous,’ he
thought, ‘so nobody here gets suspicious and finds out I’m an alien.’ He
wore a pair of leather gloves with metal plates covering the back of the
hands and knuckles. Imbedded into the metal plates were round, crimson
jewels. He pressed the jewel on his left gauntlet and it began to glow. The
shimmer of the gem spread throughout his hand and increased in brightness.
With a dull flash of red light, a sword appeared in his hand.
        The sword was incredibly long. The blade itself was as long as Liam
was tall, and fashioned in the style of a broad sword. The hilt of the sword
was an orb made of emerald, from which two, slightly abstract dragon wings
protruded, one on each side. The wings were made of gold. The handle of the
weapon was made of the same metal as the blade, covered with leather that
was tied onto it with a scarlet rope with a tassel. Liam grabbed the sword
tightly and looked out once again to the figure in the streetlight.
        It indeed was the Beelzebub. His coarse, white hair was drenched
with rainwater. It fell on his face in such a way that it contoured his
pale-yellow head. His eyes were as black as coal, and stared into the
darkness where Liam stood for many a long, grueling second. No other parts
of his figure could be seen, as a terry-cloth cloak covered it.
        “Come forth from the shadows, Great Knight of Draconus,” the insect
man beckoned. “Come, and accept your fate, in the name of the most high, and
omnipotent deity, Tokimi.”
        Liam stepped out of the shadows and into another streetlight, five
yards away from Beelzebub. On his right shoulder was a small, white animal.
It had elongated cat’s ears and the bushy tail of a squirrel. Its body was
similar to that of a rabbit. Its orange eyes looked into the dark pupils of
Beelzebub and remained there for several moments. Around its neck was a red
collar with an amethyst at its center, cut into a small triangle with
rounded corners.
        “You may as well give up, Beelzebub,” the creature said, with a
voice like that of a sarcastic Californian man after breathing in a dry
gallon of helium. “We gotcha surrounded.”
        “Really?” teased the Shadow Demon. “By whom, may I ask?”
        “By them,” said Liam. At that moment, Beelzebub could sense four
other silhouetted figures advancing towards him. He knew that he only had
one chance of escaping alive, and that he had to take it now. The Calgio
would not be pleased with him taking such a foolish risk, but it had to be
done. He lunged forward towards Liam and his gremlin, West. He bared his
long talons and sharp fangs at the duo as he prepared to attack. West hopped
off of Liam’s shoulder and landed on his hind feet. The boy grabbed his
massive broadsword and shifted himself into a fighting position.
        “Bring it on, bug boy,” taunted Liam, although he was secretly
pumping himself up for the confrontation that was about to begin. “I’ll
squash you flat.”
========================================================================

        It was raining in the mountainous region northwest of the city of
Okayama, and Tenchi, the dutiful young man that he was, knew that he could
not tend to his grandfather’s fields as he planed to. He sat looking at the
gray, dreary sky out from the living room window of his house. His life had
become so complicated since all of these alien women moved into his house.
He needed to get out, to get away from the seemingly orchestrated anarchy
that dwelled underneath his roof. Taking care of the fields and going to
school were his only respites from the five girls that constantly vied for
his affection. Two in particular were a daily threat to his sanity.
        He turned his head to the couch where Ryoko and Aeka sat. They were
a lesson in extremes. Ryoko, with her feral golden eyes and spiky cyan hair,
was the ever-predatory huntress. She would use every tactic possible to
attract Tenchi, like a Venus flytrap lures insects with its sweet smell.
Aeka, on the other hand, was a more defensive person. Her proper upbringing
would never allow her to be as straight forward as her rival. Instead, the
violet haired princess would use her purity, if one could call it that, to
persuade Tenchi that she was the one for him.
        Each of the aforementioned ladies sat at opposite ends of the couch,
and was about to turn on the TV to watch soap operas. Aeka’s sister, Sasami,
was in the kitchen washing up the last of the dishes. The residential
scientist, Washu, was in her sub-space laboratory, doing Kami knows what.
Mihoshi, the clumsy Galaxy Police officer, had just come downstairs to watch
with the others. Since it was a Sunday, and there was nothing to do, Tenchi
reluctantly decided to watch the show with them as well. He took one last
look at his faint reflection in the window, looked into his own brown eyes
and said, “Man, I’m bored.”
        The sprightly, blue haired Sasami came and sat next to Mihoshi on
the couch, and Tenchi sat next to her. ‘She’s the only one who won’t hit on
me,’ he thought to himself.
        “Hey, Sasami,” he said, “what are you watching?”
“Oh, hiya, Tenchi,” the little princess said, quietly, “Jinroe is about to
tell Misako that she is her father.”
        “But, weren’t they going out together?” asked Mihoshi.
        “No, baka,” said Ryoko from the other side of the couch, “that was
Takashiro.” Tenchi decided to simply stay quiet and watch the show, in the
hopes that everything would become clear. As Jinroe began to tell his
recently discovered daughter the truth, there came a knock at the door.
Tenchi looked to see that none would answer the door. He sighed as he got up
from his seat.
        “I’ll get it,” he said as he walked to the door. He saw that clearly
nothing except nuclear Armageddon would pull those women away from the
screen.
========================================================================

        A tall young man with long brown hair stood at the door. His hair
was tied into a braided ponytail in the back, which was held together by a
blue ribbon. He wore an orange long sleeved shirt with a v-neck, and loose
brown pants held up with a thin, yellow sash; all of which were wet from the
constant rain. In his arms was Liam, pale and cold from exposure to the
harsh elements. The young man hoped that someone was home. The poison that
Beelzebub had injected Liam with last night would take effect soon if it
wasn’t treated quickly.
        The door opened to a teenaged boy about his age. He had short,
spiky, black hair with a short ponytail in the back. He wore a worn brown
sweater and jeans. What struck the pony tailed boy as odd, however, was that
he wore no shoes in his house. It didn’t matter to him, though. Someone
answered, and perhaps he could help.
        “Pardon me, sir,” the pony tailed boy said, “my name is Pierce, and
my friend, Liam, is in dire need of medical attention. Could you help us?”
All the other boy could understand was the word help. He looked at Liam and
placed a hand on his forehead. It was cold, and felt as though it was
getting colder. The boy said something in Japanese, a language that Pierce
did not comprehend. When he saw the confused look on his face, he motioned
for Pierce to come in. Pierce bowed his head in thanks and entered the
house.
        As he entered, Pierce noticed several strange women sitting in front
of a glowing box with moving pictures flashing on it. ‘That must be this
television that Liam told me about,’ he thought. His view shifted to the
girls. The closest to him wore several colorful, Japanese-style robes, one
on top of another, which were tied together by a violet sash. Her red eyes
were glazed over from viewing the odd box. The incandescent glow of the ‘TV’
washed over her long, purple hair. Seated to her right on the sofa was a
blonde woman with a very thorough tan. Her large blue eyes were welling up
with tears. ‘Whatever she is watching,’ thought Pierce, ‘it must be very
engaging for her to cry over a box.’ She wore a pink jersey shirt and khaki
pants.
        His focus then shifted to the small girl who sat over from the
blonde. ‘What sort of child has blue hair?’ the young man asked himself. Her
hair was, indeed, blue as the sky at noon, and was tied into a long pigtail
on either side of her head. Her eyes were almost the same color as the
violet haired woman at the other end of the couch, but softer. Her clothing
was almost the same as the violet-haired woman, whom he believed was a
relative of this girl, except that she wore pants underneath the robes.
Perched atop her head was a rabbit. At least, he thought it was a rabbit.
Its ears were as long as its body, and its feet were longer than average.
The head of the creature looked like that of a cat, and it would
occasionally give a soft meowing sound.
He decided not to focus on these women unless he needed their aid and turned
to the young man who had let him enter his home. He seemed to be pleading
with these women, and making no progress. The young man gave an exasperated
sigh and turned to Pierce. He inclined his head, as if to say, “Follow me.”
He turned and walked up a flight of stairs behind the couch. Pierce heaved
Liam further into his arms and followed. He walked up the stairs and
followed his host to a room to his immediate left. Pierce then laid the boy
in the bed in that room.
        “You stay,” said the boy, in what little English he knew, “I’ll get
towels and help.” He then left the room. Pierce sat at the head of the bed
and looked into Liam’s face, hoping for any sign of recovery. “I’m sorry
about last night, Liam,” he said. “I should have been able to stop Beelzebub
from hurting you, but I couldn’t. I have failed you.”
Liam began to stir and opened his eyes. He looked at Pierce with
understanding. “It’s okay,” he said softly, “I just wish that West was here.
He’s the only other one of us that knows Japanese.”
“He could also use a magic spell to eliminate the poison Wasp the Beelzebub
injected into you,” said Pierce, who was relieved that Liam was awake.
“I hope so,” Liam said. “We need to get back out there and stop that Shadow
Demon. The others are scattered between Okayama and Tokyo, and who knows
what Wasp may have done to ‘em. I don’t know how long they could last
against him. ‘Specially with that other guy controllin’ him… What was his
name? Calgio?”
“Yes,” replied Pierce. “The only way is to find the boy named Tenchi who was
in Rose’s dream.”
“I hope we can find him,” said Liam as their host returned with several
towels. He handed one to Pierce and then gave one to Liam. He said something
to Liam in Japanese and Liam responded in kind.
“What did he say?” asked Pierce.
“He said that he’s glad I’m okay and that help is coming,” answered the boy.
At that moment, a girl with long red hair entered the room. Her eyes were
almost as green as Liam’s. She wore a green sweater with the sleeves rolled
up and a pair of shorts. Her hair was tied in the back with a purple cloth
that was similar to a turban. She looked at the teenager lying on the bed
and said, “Ohayo, guinea pig.” This sent a cold chill down Liam’s spine.
“What did the woman say?” inquired Pierce.
“Somethin’ that makes me wish I were well,” Liam said nervously.
========================================================================

        “Washu, stop scaring him like that,” said Tenchi. He looked to the
young man that stood in front of him, and then to the young man lying on his
bed. He wasn’t certain of whether they were friends or foes, but considering
all of the adventures and misadventures that he had since the girls moved
in, he wasn’t about to take any chances. He kept one hand prepared to use
the laser sword Tenchi-Ken, just in case. “Anyway,” he continued, “Only this
boy speaks Nihongo,” he pointed to the red headed boy on his bed, “so I
don’t know what’s wrong. Do you think that you could?…”
        “Create a universal translator so we could understand each other?”
finished Washu. “Sure, just gimme a sec.” She held her arms in front of her
and a holographic laptop computer appeared suspended in the air ahead of
her. She began to type rapidly, much to the surprise of their guests. The
tall visitor said something in awe and the bed-riddled one seemed to agree.
        “Actually,” said Tenchi, “I was gonna say ‘scan the boy to see what
was wrong,’ but I guess that’ll work, too.” The two young men then looked to
Tenchi, quite surprised.
        “You mean, what that woman did doesn’t strike you as strange?” asked
the taller one.
        “No, I’m used to it…” Tenchi replied, absently. He quickly did a
double take as he looked at the teen with a ponytail. “You just spoke to me,
didn’t you?”
        “It is just now that I am able to understand you,” he answered.
        “The translator is now activated,” said Washu proudly. She turned to
the redhead. “Now, what’s wrong?”
        “I got poisoned fighting this guy named Beelzebub,” answered the
boy, “and I guess I stayed out in the rain too long.”
        “I see,” said Washu. She started typing on her holo-computer again.
“Ah,” she said after about thirty seconds, “this ought to do it.” She
pressed a button on her console and a small, black hole appeared next to her
computer. She reached into the hole and pulled out a hypodermic needle
filled with a red serum. She administered the serum into the boy’s arm. In
seconds the color returned to his freckled face. He slowly sat up in the bed
and dried himself off with the towel Tenchi had laid out for him.
        “Wait, isn’t Beelzebub a myth?” asked Tenchi.
        “What is myth in this world is real in ours,” answered Pierce.
        “And what world is that?” queried Washu. Tenchi was silently praying
that the answer was not Jurai. He did not want to house any more aliens from
there. He was pleasantly surprised when the redhead said “Chima.” Washu
began typing again and then suddenly stopped. “There’s nothing on this Chima
in my files,” she said.
        “Why’re you looking for our planet in your files, Miss?…” asked the
boy.
        “Washu, LITTLE Washu,” the diminutive scientist proclaimed. “I’m
looking for your planet because I thought I had heard of it a long time ago,
But no information is coming up in my files.”
        “Perhaps your files are incomplete,” suggested the taller one.
        “No way!” protested Washu, “I am the Greatest Scientific Genius in
the Universe! I have files on everything. If I don’t have it, then it must
not exist. Unless…” She began to type on her computer again, when a knock
came at Tenchi’s door.
        “Tenchi-sama, we have a visitor,” the voice announced. It sounded
like Aeka. “I don’t know who he is, but he says he is looking for a young
man named Liam.”
        “That’s me,” said the redheaded boy. “Ask her what this visitor
looks like.”
        “Okay,” replied Tenchi. “Hey, Aeka, what does the visitor look
like?”
        “Um, he has red eyes, long ears, scars on his face, and a tail like
a dog,” Aeka answered.
        “That’s Manji,” said Liam. “He musta been worried about me. I gotta
talk to him.” He got up from the bed quickly, and hobbled to the door.
Before he could reach it, however, he tripped on his own feet and his nose
swiftly became acquainted with his host’s floor. “Owwie.”
========================================================================

        Manji had been sitting next to Ryoko on the couch for five minutes.
He looked up at her, and silently made note that she looked like one of his
kind. Her yellow eyes were like a cat’s. Her hair was long and spiky, in the
weirdest color of blue he had ever seen. Her ears were long, like his, and
she had elongated canine teeth similar to his fangs. She was dressed in a
blue and green striped one-piece dress with a tight black undershirt. A tail
stuck out from the back of the dress, but Manji wasn’t sure whether it was
real or not.
        She continued to gaze at him as well. She stared at his deep crimson
eyes and the scars that ran down his left eye and criss-crossed at the crown
of his nose. His skin was as dark as cocoa butter, and looked just as
smooth. His tanned face was crowned with locks of spiky brown hair, arranged
in such a way that his face resembled a disfigured porcupine. He wore an
oversized green turtleneck sweater and loose gray pants. His boots were
caked with mud and soot. On his forearms were metal guards attached to his
leather gauntlets. Two cylindered tubes ran the length of the arm guards,
and the tips of two pointed blades were seen sticking out of the cylinders.
He continued to look at Ryoko and said, “While we are waiting for Liam,
would you like to fight me?”
        Ryoko was a bit stunned. She had suspected that this dog-boy was
trouble, but instead of simply starting a battle, he called her out like a
little child at school. He smiled at her and pressed the matter further. “I
need to get stronger so we can fight the demon. I can sense that you are
very strong. I would love to fight with you, if I may.”
        “What demons?” asked Aeka as she came down the stairs. “The only
demonic creature we know of is sitting next to you sir.” Ryoko was about to
rebut that comment with an insult of her own, when Manji intervened.
        “She’s not a demon,” he said. “If she were a demon, my claws would
have glowed red, and then I would have to kill her. But, there is one in the
city. We had to leave because it was too powerful. We need the help of a man
called ‘Tenchi.’ It should be reported on, what is it called? The news?”
        Ryoko changed the channel from the soap opera to the local news.
        Click. “In our top local story, police officials are baffled as to
how a swarm of large wasps, ants, dragonflies, and other insects have
entered the city of Okayama unnoticed. The Japanese Self Defense Force has
tried to capture and destroy the mutant insects, but to no avail. Residents
are advised to stay at home and lock all of their doors until given further
notice. For more on the subject of entomology, here’s… Click.
        “Those insects are drones for Beelzebub,” said Liam as he came down
the stairs, aided by Tenchi and Washu. He sat down on a cushion in front of
the couch laid for him by Sasami. She then gave him a cup of tea to warm him
a bit more. He looked at the group of women that sat in front of him. Ryoko
and Aeka gave him cold stares of distrust. He knew he would have to
straighten things out, especially if this Tenchi was the one he was looking
for. “Okay, I guess you want some answers now,” he began, “so, whadda you
wanna know?”
        Ryoko was the first to interrogate him. “Who th’ hell are you
three?”
        “My name is Liam DuBarre. I am the Great Knight of  Draconus,” said
the auburn haired boy.
        “My name is Pierce Giann. My race is golem. I am a member of the
Saga, a group of people who are destined to protect the Great Knight,” said
Pierce, who sat to Liam’s left.
        “My name is Manjimaru,” said the wolf-boy to Liam’s right, “I am a
demi-wolf, and a member of the Saga.”
        Aeka was the next to ask a question. “What are a golem and a
demi-wolf?”
        “Golems are humans who can turn their skin into an organic,
rock-like substance,” said Pierce.
        “And demi-wolves are like were-wolves. They aren’t quite human, or
quite wolf,” answered Liam. “But they don’t change in moonlight.” Aeka
mumbled something under her breath before Manji could continue.
        “Because I’m part wolf,” he said, “I can hear and smell things most
humans can’t. I am ten times stronger than normal people and I can run much
faster. By the way, Who is Ryoko, and why did the purple haired woman say
that she could pass for my mother?”
        Needles to say, Ryoko was livid at the remark. She stood on her feet
and pointed at the Juraian princess. “You said what?! I will kill you,
Princess Grape-Head!”
        Aeka rose from her seat and yelled, “I only said it because it’s
true, you wretched beast woman!”
        “C’mon, you two, please don’t do this in front of our guests,”
pleaded Tenchi.
        Manji was rolling on the floor laughing, holding to his sides in
fear that his lungs would burst from the humorous situation that played out
before him. “Those two are so funny!” he managed to say between chuckles.
        “True,” said Washu, “but after a while their routine gets a little
tedious.” A hole appeared in the floor in front of her. She reached in and
pulled out a big, wooden mallet.
WHAM!
BAM!
        “Now why are you here?” asked Washu, as Ryoko and Aeka rubbed their
heads in pain.
        “Because we are looking for this guy named Tenchi,” answered Liam.
        “I’m Tenchi,” he answered, “Why do you need me?”
        “Because we’re not strong enough to defeat this demon, Beelzebub.”
The others looked confused. Liam sighed. “Okay, um, see, three hundred years
ago, our world was filled with wars and fighting.. A sorcerer name Xander
Tyrann wanted to stop the wars. He came up with this theory. The reason
there were so many wars was because there was evil. He believed that all
people were good by nature, but they become evil because of this dark energy
that possesses people. He called this force, ‘Il Calgio,” which means, ‘The
Shadow.’ He thought if you got rid of  the Calgio in peoples hearts, that
you would get rid of the wars and stuff.”
        “Did it work?” asked Mihoshi.
        “Well, first he had to see if his theory was true. So he went before
the Illuminati with his theory. The Illuminati are, like, the major guild of
magi, or magic users. They approved of his idea and allowed him to perform
an experiment. He took the corpses of several hundred people and animals and
turned them into creatures that were able to suck out the Calgio in people.
He called them Shadow Warriors. He sent them to a small town where there was
a lot of crime, telling them to suck all of the Calgio out of the bad
people. It worked. All of the people in that town became nice, but there
were a few problems.
        “For one, after a few days, those people would go back to doing’
what they did before the Warriors extracted the dark energy. Two, the
Warriors would also take a bit of their target’s memory. This made them
sentient beings, like humans, kinda. Xander found out and changed his plan.
He felt it would be safer if they fed the darkness into him. He was wrong.
        “All of that dark energy warped his mind. When he changed, the
creatures changed with him, from Warriors into Demons. When he returned to
the Illuminati, they told him that his experiment failed, and that he would
have to stop it. That broke his heart and drove him mad. They told him that
his tests proved another theory given by William DuBarre, his nephew and
apprentice sorcerer: that although people are good by nature, they naturally
can do bad things. Also, Will’s theory stated that when people did bad
things, their souls produced the energy called Calgio. Xander decided that
since humans themselves were the source of evil, the only way to get rid of
evil is to kill all humans and human-like beings.
        "With his warped mind and army of Shadow Demons, he had the motive
and power to fulfill his greatest dream, the elimination of evil, via mass
genocide. He sent his demons into all of Chima to destroy mankind. William
saw Xander’s madness and formed armies to fight against the dark force.
During one of these battles, a meteor fell and absorbed the demons. The
Illuminati saw this and had the land’s greatest weapon-smiths create weapons
and armor from the metal in the meteor. They made two sets of armor and
twelve weapons: The armor and sword of Draconus, the armor and sword of
Aquillas, a spear, a saber, a war hammer, a pair of ninja swords, two
boomerangs, an axe, a fighting staff, a magic scepter, a set of claws and a
pair of pistols. The armor of Draconus was given to William, and the other
weapons were given to the strongest warriors in his army.
        "William’s forces went out and destroyed many demons. When Xander
found out, he created four super-powerful Demons and sent them abroad. The
Demons were to sleep for three centuries. Meanwhile, the twelve warriors
went to Xander’s castle and did battle with him and defeated him. Before
Xander died, he placed is soul, memories, and dark
power into fifteen orbs and scattered them abroad the world. The Illuminati
knew that this meant that Xander would return to finish the job. So they
told the twelve warriors to pass the weapons down to their children, and
they would pass them down to their children, and so on.
        “So,” Liam concluded, “Xander came back about five years ago. And
guess who had the ‘honor’ of inheriting the Armor of Draconus and fighting
him?”
        “What does that have to do with me?” asked Tenchi.
        “Well,” asked Liam, “do you remember those four demons I told you
about?” There was a moment of silence, but everyone nodded. “Well, one of
them has been awoken by some guy who says he wants to destroy the ‘Imperial
Family of Jurai,’ whoever they are. And he’s brought that demon here to
Okayama looking for them…”
========================================================================

NEXT TIME: Tenchi and the gang meet more of Liam’s guardians, and Beelzebub
comes after Sasami! What does he want with her? Who does he work for? Why
are we asking these ridiculous questions? Find out the answers to two out of
three of the queries in “Beelzebub: Lord of the Flies – Chapter One: No Need
fro Killer Bees!”

Questions, comments, corrections and flames will all be accepted. Send them
to semi-great_enigma@37.com. Thank You.
                        _Enigma.