Disclaimer: “Tenchi Muyo!,” its characters, and any related images, written
or otherwise, are the properties of AIC/Pioneer. Their use is not, nor is it
intended to be cannon, and no monetary compensation was given for the
creation of this work. All other characters are the creation of Alexander
Curtindolph and Luis Angelo Rojas III, and are not to be used with out
proper credit in any work. Thank you.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Beelzebub: Lord of the Flies
Chapter Five: Tenshi Muyo! (No Need For Angels!)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
     The meadows outside of William City were always Liam’s favorite place
in the kingdom of Arborous. There he could lay in the tall, swaying grasses
and simply be. He wouldn’t need to play a prince for his father, or a hero
for his people, or a knight for the Order of Draconus. He was just Liam. He
would often come there in secret, climb the tallest hill in the meadow, and
contemplate his existence.
     Now, Liam was lying in Tenchi’s arms, and Tenchi was praying the young
woman with a spear would not lacerate him. Sweat began to drip slowly down
Tenchi’s forehead. His spiky black hair swayed in the breeze, but it did
nothing to ease the tension of this moment. If only his friends were awake.
If only he could explain his situation to the Amazon. If only the helmet of
the armor he wore could protect his face from the spear that was pointed
between his eyes.
     “I shall only ask you once,” Thalia stated. “Why is that boy in your
arms?”
     “He went berserk,” Tenchi began. “He just started going mad. His eyes
turned yellow, and his armor appeared, and he just took out of those tanks
with one slash, and… And…” When she heard all of this, Thalia removed the
scimitar from his face. She knelt down to Tenchi and placed her hand on the
chest plate of Liam’s armor. “Disarm,” she commanded. The red armor began to
glow, then got sucked into his medallion. She removed the boy from Tenchi’s
arms and carried him in her own.
     “I’m sorry,” said Thalia. “I thought that you had hurt him. He has done
this before. His Chaos skills drain him of all his strength. Thank you for
bringing Liam back home. I will have to reward you later.”
     “That’s okay,” said Tenchi as he got up from the ground. “By the way,
my name is Tenchi.”
     “My name is Thalia Del Hippolyta,” said the Amazon.
     “My sister, the whore,” said Manji as he awoke.
     “Be quiet, mutt!” Thalia screamed.
     “Strumpet!” yelled Manji.
     “Rabid puppy!” exclaimed Thalia, angrily.
     “Barbaric slut!” replied  Manji.
     “Son of a b…” began Thalia.
     “Before you finish that sentence,” said Liam, groggily, “I should
remind you that the ‘female dog’ you were going to refer to also gave birth
to you.”
     “Liam,” gasped Thalia, “ are you well?”
     “I’d feel a lot better if you woulda let me enjoy my coma in peace,”
the young man spat.
     “That was exactly what I was going to say,” groaned Aeka, who sat up
from her place in the grass. “Are you okay, Tenchi-sama?”
     “Yeah, I’m fine,” answered Tenchi. “What about the others?”
     “They are beginning to wake up,” Aeka responded. Tenchi’s friends and
the Saga began to stir and awaken. They each arose from the field of grass
to see Liam in Thalia’s arms.
     “Um, Thalia,” Tenchi said, “Where have you taken Sasami?”
     “Do you mean, the little blue haired girl?” she asked.
     “Yes,” Tenchi replied.
     “She’s at William Castle, resting,” said Thalia. Aeka walked up to the
Amazon and took her hand.
     “Thank you for taking care of my sister, Miss Thalia,” she said. “How
can I repay you?”
     “No reward is necessary,” Thalia insisted. “I’m grateful to you that
Liam is safe. A life for a life. We are even.”
     “Hey Thal,” said Liam as he removed himself from her grasp, “Did you
say that Sasami is at the castle?”
     “Yes,” said Thalia. “Why do you ask?”
     “I guess this means that I gotta change clothes,” he said. He pressed
the jewel on his left gauntlet and it began to glow. The light spread across
Liam’s body, changing his red tee shirt and khaki pants into a new ensemble.
He now wore a white, satin shirt, which was covered by a red wool coat with
yellow embroideries along the hem and seams of his wrists. His pants were
replaced by black suit pants, held by a leather belt with a buckle that had
his families coat of arms engraved into it. His high-top sneakers had been
exchanged for short boots, fastened onto his feet with brass buckles. He
pulled his hair back into a short ponytail, which he fastened together with
a yellow band that had a golden eagle feather tied onto it.
     “Wow,” breathed Tenchi’s friends in unison.
     “You look very handsome,” said Aeka.
     “Yeah, well I feel ridiculous,” said Liam. “It has to be done though.
Mom gets mad when I don’t dress properly. C’mon, I’ll show you around.” Liam
helped the rest of the group to their feet and escorted them down the hill
to a large city.
     “What is that large tree in the middle of the town?” asked Minagi. She
pointed to a giant redwood tree, which was situated in the middle of the
city, with many roads leading from it.
     “It rather reminds me of home,” said Aeka.
     “Indeed it does,” commented Yosho.
     “That is William Castle, my home,” said Liam. “The tree just kinda grew
around the castle over the years. Because of that, and the fact that the
greatest export of our city is lumber and wooden products, our kingdom was
named Arborous. The name even means ‘wooded or full of trees.’” The others
gazed upon the tree in awe and reverence as the walked onward to the great
city.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
     “Welcome to Arborous, on the island of Gale, part of the continent
Erosia, on the planet Chima. The happiest place in the galaxy,” said Liam in
a boisterous voice. Washu was busy typing on her astral computer, while the
others looked at the massive metal gate in front of them. “Now don’t expect
anything fancy,” Liam continued. “This world is perpetually stuck in an old
‘Final Fantasy’ period. That means we ain’t got TV, cars, electricity,
etcetera.”
     “This world is extremely primitive,” declared  Aeka.
     “We prefer to call it ‘quaint,’” said Pierce.
     “A word of caution before we enter,” announced Malcolm. “The people of
this world have not had any out-worlders visit in over three-hundred years.
We ask that you all please do not tell anyone where you come from until we
speak with the Illuminati.”  The group nodded their agreement. Liam went to
the gate and knocked three times quickly and waited for a second before
giving another single knock on the gate. A slot an inch above Liam’s head
opened and two eyes peered out to see who was on the other side. Liam held
up his medallion to the slot and said, “Sciencia, Vigilem, Gloria.”
     “Welcome back, Sir Liam.” said the voice behind the gate. “Were you
able to defeat Beelzebub?”
     “No, Louis, not quite,” answered Liam.
     “Are all of these others with you?” the voice asked.
     “Yes,” the prince responded. “Let us in, please.” The slot closed. The
sound of  locks opening could be heard for a few seconds, followed by the
noise of a wooden barricade sliding from its slots in the gate. Then, with a
loud squeaking, screeching sound, the gate opened before them. They walked
through the entry and were greeted by a young man wearing a light suit of
armor. The suit was draped with a short robe with the kingdom’s coat of
arms, a large tree on a sable shield that was held up by a dragon on the
left and an eagle on the right.
     “Welcome to William City,” said Louis to Liam’s group. “Enjoy your
stay.” He bowed to them courteously. Aeka, Rose, Yosho and Malcolm returned
the gesture. Then the group continued into the city. When they passed the
gate, they were treated to an amazing view of the city. Small, two- to
three-story houses and shops were lined on either side of the cobblestone
road they walked down. Billows of smoke came from other homes behind this
main road, and quickly dissipated in the gentle breezes. At the end of the
road was the large tree that they saw when they were in the meadow. Fixed in
front of the tree was the entrance to the castle and its bastion walls.
     “To your left,” said West, in his best tour guide voice, “is Diamond
Row. This is where all of the jewelries and goldsmiths are located.” Tenchi
looked at a man, perhaps in his late forties, pouring a vat of molten gold
in to several molds. His face was tanned and covered in sweat from years of
working near the open flames needed to create beautiful bracelets and rings.
He turned to his right and saw a curio shop. “What’s in there?” he asked.
     “Oh, that,” said Liam, “That’s one of my favorite places in this city.
The Great Finds Shop. It’s filled with stuff from all over Chima, some of it
dating from hundreds of years ago.” He walks up to the front of the shop,
and looks through the display window. There were several vases, weapons, and
scrolls of many varieties lined in display. What caught his interest,
however was an old man who was dusting these items off. He looked to be in
his sixties. His auburn hair and beard were flecked with gray follicles. His
brown eyes belied his age. They were as bright and sharp as ever. He looked
up from a collection of antique volumes of an epic story, and saw Liam. The
old man waved to him and walked outside to greet him.
     “Salutations, my child!” the old man exclaimed. “Pater has returned you
to me. May he be praised.”
     “Grampa!” said Liam, as he embraced the old man. “How’s business?”
     “Same as always,” Liam’s grandfather said. They simultaneously yelled,
“Slow!”
     Liam’s grandfather released his grip from the young prince and walked
up to the group. His long, scarlet and violet robe caught the breeze and
flowed within it. His garment, too, had yellow embroideries along the hem
and cuffs. The embroideries were actually sewn to look like Latin words
around the robe. As he stepped forward, Yosho could see the toes of his
shiny black shoes. He extended his hand to Yosho, who kindly accepted it.
     “Everybody,” said Liam from behind his grandfather, “this is my grampa,
Marius DuBarre V, former king of Arborous.”
     “It is an honor to meet you, sir,” said Yosho.
     “It is an honor to meet you too, Prince Yosho Jurai,” Marius stated.
Everyone except Liam and Rose looked at the old man in shock. How could he
have known that this man was the great swordsman, Yosho?
     “Hey, old man,” called Ryoko, “how’d ya know who he was?”
     “I could simply feel it, Ryoko. Just as I know who you are,” Marius
answered, with a chuckle. “By the way,” he said to Washu, “would you kindly
drop the disguise of youth, _Ms._ Washu? There is a young oracle in the
Illuminati that looks like you do, and we wouldn’t want there to be any
confusion."
     Washu stopped typing when she heard his request. “Oh, you’re good,” she
said. Washu then changed forms. Her bust became fuller, her hair grew
longer, and her overall stature became a foot and a half taller. “You must
have telepathic abilities,” she said.
     “Everyone in my family has some form of psionic power,” explained Liam.
“Grampa runs this curio shop. He’s also a historian, archeologist, and one
of the leaders of the Illuminati.”
     “You’ve lived a pretty busy life,” said Mihoshi.
     “Don’t you think that you’re doing a bit too much?” asked Tenchi.
     “No,” Marius replied. “I would be bored to death simply doing nothing
with my spare time. Moreover, I enjoy what I do, and make a rather sizable
profit from some of my endeavors. Why should I stop?”
     “Because if you don’t, you’ll work yourself to death,” warned Washu.
     “If what Liam has told me about Earth is correct, there are many people
who all ready do so, and they perform much more laborious tasks than those
that I have taken upon myself,” the mage replied. “You, for example, should
have died from lack of sleep, food, and fresh oxygen hundreds of years ago.
Yet if anything, it has kept you young and spry.” Washu blushed slightly at
that comment. “I believe perhaps staying active will help me do the same.”
     “Sage Marius,” Rose replied, “We wish to see the young girl that has
come to William Castle. Will you be joining us?”
     Marius rubbed his chin in thought. Then, his eyes grew wide in shock
for a moment. “The deity is here,” he said, dazed. “And so are her champions
and parents. A new guardian must be named. Come quickly!” The mage turned on
his heels and rushed to the castle. Tenchi and the others followed suite.
     As they ran, Manji looked upon Sage Marius in admiration. 'Liam has a
wonderful family,' he thought, 'and I'm stuck with the Amazon. Even Tenchi's
family is close. Why can't I have a family like that?'
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
     King Azusa Jurai looked out upon the city from the terrace of William
Castle. His stern face and calm composure were merely to hide his fear for
his daughter’s safety. His traditional royal kimono and pants were swaying
loosely in the cool autumn air. This did nothing to cool his temper, or
quell his fears.
     “Where is Aeka?” he asked impatiently. “Your oracle said that she would
be here today. Well, where is she?” He turned from his spot on the terrace
to the throne room. It was a massive room, furbished in Victorian-esque
furniture. A long green carpet led its way across from the balcony where
Azusa stood, to the thrones seated in front of the room.
Seated in the throne to his right was the queen, Shannon. She was a very
comely woman with brown hair that reached to her knees. Her warm, clear
brown eyes were often glancing at something at a slow pace, and today was no
exception. She wore a flowing blue silk gown, inlaid with amethysts around
the neck and waist. Her crown was simple; a golden band with one single
diamond-cut ruby at its center.
     But Azusa’s attention was solely on the king. His hair was as red as
brick, and pulled back into a ponytail, which reached down just beyond his
shoulders. His crown was much more ornate than his wife’s, adorning many
emeralds along the base of it, and a large ruby at its center. His royal
overcoat was similar to Liam’s, save that it was green instead of red. His
black pants had a red stripe running down each of his legs. He looked calmly
from his book, a collection of stories and poems that Liam gave to him, and
said, “Yes, the oracle did say your daughter would be here, but she didn’t
say when. Relax, Azusa. Sit. Read a book. This ‘Bible’ that Liam gave me is
very thought provoking. Perhaps you would like to read a chapter or two.”
“Aeka is out there fighting against monsters that originated from this
world, and all you wish to do is read a religious story from a back-water
planet?” Azusa asked in quiet rage. “I suppose that you would next like to
sing a hymn?”
     “No,” answered Shannon, “We don’t do that until evening mass.”
     As Azusa silently fumed over the uncalled for serenity of this royal
family, a messenger came from the hall to his left. The young page quickly
ran up to the king of Arborous, bowed, and gave his report. “King Marius,
sir,” the page began, “Sir Liam has just returned from Earth.”
     “What news has he?” King Marius inquired.
     “Only that he has brought out-worlders, sir. Sage Marius, your father
is with him, sir,” the messenger answered.
     “Is one of the out-worlders’ named ‘Aeka?’” the king asked.
     The page thought for a moment before responding. “Yes, sire.”
     “Escort them all here, please, Thomas.” Marius VI commanded.
     “Yes, sire,” responded the page, and left as quickly as he came. Marius
closed the Bible and arose from his throne. “Are you content now?” he asked
of him. Azusa nodded.
     “Good,” Shannon said as she got up from her seat. “I shall go and tell
the cooks to prepare a feast for Liam’s homecoming.” She left the throne
room to inform the kitchen workers.
      Five minutes later the page returned with Liam, Tenchi, and their
respective motley groups. They each bowed to King Marius, and gave their
obligatory greetings to him. Neither of them seemed to notice Azusa standing
a few feet away from him until he loudly cleared his throat to get their
attention.
     “Father!” said Aeka. “It is so good to see you. But why are you here?”
     “Your mothers and I have come to insure your and Sasami’s safety,”
Azusa said, as solemnly as possible. “We have been informed by the Galaxy
police that a Shadow Demon named Beelzebub was after you. Went we heard that
these creatures came from Chima, we came here as soon as possible to see if
there was nothing these people could do about it. I was told by King Marius
that his son was all ready handling the situation.”
     “Then Thalia brought Sasami here,” said the Chiman king. “She was
injected with a venom which instantly puts the infected person to sleep. We
were able to remove the venom, but his majesty insisted that we find a
suitable guardian for Sasami. Which is why I am glad that you are here,
Liam.”
     “You want me to choose a guardian for her, Dad?” Liam asked.
     “Yes,” King Marius answered. “None of the Knights of the Order of
Draconus have enough experience dealing with Shadow Demons. Also, we need
someone that we can trust to protect Sasami. I cannot think of any group of
heroes more reliable than the Saga.”
     “Okay,” Liam answered. “But I’ll need a replacement member for whomever
I choose.”
     “Very well. You may choose your replacement from one of my soldiers,”
said King Azusa.
     “Um, King Azusa,” Flint began. “Liam does not choose the members of the
Saga. The weapons do.”
     “And the weapons have no respect of person,” Roseri continued.
“Whomever they choose will become one of Liam’s guardians, no matter what.”
     “Does this mean that I’m a member of your Saga since I can use the
Armor of Aquillas?” Tenchi asked.
     “Technically, no.” said Lynn. “The two armors work only for the
descendants of William DuBarre, or whomever his descendants deem worthy of
donning the armors.”
     “Until Beelzebub is destroyed,” said Vardis, “our duty is to protect
you and Liam.”
     “Very well,” Azusa said. “Tomorrow, the person Liam chooses to be
Sasami’s guardian will be tested.” He then turned to Ryoko. “By you.”
     “Hmmm. Okay,” Ryoko answered.
     “In the meantime,” said King Marius, “Sasami should be awake by now.
Her room is upstairs. Page Thomas will show you where she is. I am certain
that she will be happy to see you all.”
     “Thank you for taking care of Sasami, Your Majesty,” said a relieved
Tenchi.
     “Your welcome,” the king said. “And please, call me Marius.” The page
then led the group out of the throne room and into the hallway. “I only hope
that whomever you choose, my son, he or she will be capable of  defending
her against the man controlling Beelzebub.”
     Manji looked on the events taking place in the throne room and thought,
'Maybe Sasami will want to be my friend. Everyone says that she is so nice,
and her family is very close. Maybe, if I become friends with her, her
family will accept me as one of them!' With this thought in mind, Manji all
but skipped behind the others to the young princess's room.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
     Sasami had finally woken up from her long slumber. Her soft pink eyes
opened to a rather odd sight. A pair of deep red eyes were staring her in
the face. One eye was scarred straight down from his eyelid to his left
cheek. The crown of his nose was scarred too. His tanned face was topped
with spiky locks of brown hair, arranged in such a manner that his head
almost resembled a disfigured porcupine. “Are you awake?” the face asked.
     Sasami shrieked in panic and pushed herself from the boy into the
headboard of her bed. The boy, curious as to why she would run from him is
such a way, moved further towards her, scaring her further. “I just wanted
to see if you were well,” the boy said. Sasami pushed herself out of the bed
and landed on the floor. From here, she could see his pointy ears, as well
as the long, wagging tail sticking out behind him.
     “Okay, Manji,” said Tenchi from behind him. “I think you’ve scared her
enough.”
     “But, I just…” Manji said, trying to justify himself. He attempted to
say something more, but then the door opened. A tall woman was seen on the
other side, with blue hair fastened into a ponytail by a gold and wooden
hair band. Her eyes were the same color as Sasami or Aeka’s, but carried a
certain wildness to them, as though she were possessed by a need or desire.
She rushed to her daughter and hugged her fiercely.
     “Oh, my darling Sasami! I was so worried for you! I thought those nasty
demons had taken you Tsunami knows where and did awful things to you!” the
woman said. She then turned to Manji. “Is this one of the people who tried
to save you?” She let go of the little princess and latched on to Manji.
“Thank you, oh, thank you!”
     The others who saw this display had pity for the demi-wolf sandwiched
within the lady’s arms. Manji, on the other hand, rather enjoyed the
embrace. ‘Is this how queens of Jurai greet people?’ Manji thought.
‘Juraians must be very friendly. Besides, I haven’t been hugged this tightly
in five years. I miss this.’ Manji then began to hug back with the same
strength as Sasami’s mother. Naturally, Tenchi and his friends were in
shock. “How can he be enjoying this?” asked Ryoko.
     “A better question would be, how is he able to hug her back?” said
Aeka.
     Another figure stood at the door watching this scene with amused
interest. She wore beautiful long kimonos and Japanese style sandals. Her
black hair flowed about her almost like a cape. She closed her brown eyes
and strained to keep from bursting into hysterics. After she composed
herself, she said, “Misaki, I have been told to inform you that diner is
ready.”
     Misaki looked up from her hug with Manji. “Coming, Sister Funaho.” She
let go of  Manji and left the room. Manji looked lonely after Misaki left.
To cheer him up, Sasami got up from the floor and gently embraced him. Manji
looked at her in shock, then eased into the hug, slowly. ‘Now this feels
like family,’ Manji thought.
     Tenchi, Aeka, and Liam smiled at this warmly. Rose could sense slight
amorous feelings for Sasami rising from within the young wolf-child. Liam
thought about Manji’s concern and feelings for Sasami and nodded. “I think I
know who I’ll choose as a guardian for Sasami.” Liam said.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
     The sky was a bit overcast the next day, but the clouds were too high
to be precipitous. The grassy meadow where Tenchi first landed in Chima
served as the battlegrounds for the new guardian’s test. The Jurai family,
including Washu and Tenchi, sat in wooden chairs prepared for them
underneath an oak tree. The DuBarre Family and the Saga sat in similar seats
parallel to the Juraians.
     “Have you chosen a candidate, Sir Liam?” asked Funaho.
     “Yes,” Liam answered. “I have chosen Manjimaru Totonka as a guardian
for Sasami.” Upon hearing his name, Manji stood up from his seat.
     “Very well,” said Azusa. “Manji will fight against Ryoko to prove his
capability as protector of our daughter.” Ryoko then hovered forward from
behind Tenchi’s seat.
     “What are the rules of this trial?” asked Sage Marius.
     “Manji will have to defeat Ryoko in combat. If he can render her
unconscious or otherwise incapable of defending herself, he will be named
Sasami’s guardian,” answered Funaho.
     Ryoko and Manji walked towards each other. Manji stuck out his hand for
Ryoko to shake, but she refused.
     “I don’t shake hands with my prey,” she quipped.
     “Okay,” Manji replied. “But I should warn you, I fight differently from
what you may be used to.”
     “I’ve seen it all, wolf-boy,” the demoness bragged. “There ain’t a damn
thing that you can do that I can’t counter.”
     “Pride goeth before a fall,” Mariah said under her breath. Manji
laughed at this statement.
     “What’s so funny?” Ryoko asked.
     “Nothing,” said Manji. “Thank you for fighting me, by the way.”
     “Now, what is meant by that?” Ryoko inquired.
     “Only that I like to challenge strong people to battle. My father once
told me that I would have to be strong to defend my family. Liam is family
to me, and I want Sasami to be too. I have to get stronger so I can protect
them,” said Manji.
     Ryoko marveled at this for a minute. Then a voice in the back of her
mind said, ‘Isn’t that why you lunge head first into so many battles?’
     ‘Yeah, so that I can protect Tenchi,’ Ryoko answered. ‘What of it,
Washu?’
     ‘Nothing,’ Washu responded mentally, ‘only that he reminds me of you,
but more… honest.’
     Ryoko looked at her opponent, extended her hand, and gripped Manji’s.
“Good luck, kid. You’ll definitely need it.”
     “Good luck to you too,” Manji replied before letting go of her hand and
shifting into a fighting stance.
     “Are you ready?” asked Liam. When both challengers gave their okays,
Aricelli pointed her gun into the air and pulled the trigger.
     The sound of a single bullet piercing through the atmosphere
reverberated across the valley. Ryoko commenced the battle by shooting a
beam of yellow energy from her right hand at Manji. The wolf-boy jumped to
the left of the blast just milliseconds before it would have impacted with
his abdomen. He was going to tackle her, but in the instant it took him to
avoid being zapped, she had teleported away. He began to sniff the air for
any hints of her scent. Once he caught her scent, he turned his head to the
left and looked at Misaki. He ran in her direction, scaring her into ducking
out of his way. As she ducked Manji punched what seemed to be nothing more
than empty space. When his fist made impact, Ryoko faded into visibility,
and was knocked back. Manji jumped over the chair, grabbed Ryoko by the
shoulders, and flung her into the nearby oak tree. There, he jabbed her in
the stomach seven times, followed by a backhanded slap to her face, a knee
to the mid section, and a !
head-to-head butt.
     Manji jumped back and prepared to head butt her again. Ryoko activated
her laser sword and thrust it straight into Manji’s stomach. He howled,
literally, in pain for a few seconds, then squeezed his fists. This forced
his gauntlets to extend the claws imbedded into them. He mimicked Ryoko and
slashed his claws into Ryoko’s belly. A hiss of suffering passed from her
lips before teleporting again. Manji put a hand to his stomach and said a
few arcane words. Within seconds, the gaping hole in his stomach began to
heal itself. Manji smelled the air again for Ryoko’s scent.. He pulled his
forearm up a few centimeters, then slammed his elbow into the wound in the
currently invisible Ryoko’s abdomen. He turned around, grabbed her head and
slammed it into the ground at his feet.
     She stayed motionless for a few second, then phased into the ground.
Manji sniffed the ground beneath him, trying to figure out where she went
and how. Suddenly, Ryoko grabbed Manji about the waist, and carried him into
the sky. He struggled to get free, but failed. Ryoko tilted herself and
Manji towards the ground. She dived towards the hill a few meters away from
her spectataing friends and pounded the wolf-boy right into the top of it.
She phased through the surface of the hill, leaving Manji buried, head first
into the dirt. He lifted himself out in time to see a volley of laser blasts
aimed in his general direction. He pressed the jewel in his left gauntlet,
and from it materialized a small stone with some cryptic blue makings on it.
He held the stone in front of him as the first of Ryoko’s lasers fell. An
invisible barrier deflected every single beam.
     “How..?” asked Ryoko from above.
     “Shield rune,” answered Manji. He dropped the rune and the markings
disappeared. He pressed the jewel on his battle glove again and received
another rune. He kept it in his hands. “Come down here and get to know me
better!” Ryoko stayed in the air, waving at him to come up there.
     “Catch me, if you can,” teased the space pirate. She knew that Manji
could not reach her, for he could not fly. She saw him obtain another rune
from what seemed to be a sub-space portal coming from his gloves. Until she
knew what they were used for, she would not press her luck with the warrior.
     “If you won’t come down willingly,” Manji said, “I’ll have to bring you
down.” He took yet another rune from the glove and planted it into the
earth. The ground began to grow brightly, then, from the lighted soil came
several tall, thick, thorny vines. The vines shot up quickly towards Ryoko,
attempting to bind and constrict her. Ryoko used her laser sword to cut the
vines, but the more she cut them down, the greater the quantity of vines
that sprang up. The vines finally bound her by the ankles and wrists and
pulled her down to the ground. They gave her just enough leeway to run and
fight.
     “Now we can have a fair fight,” Manji said as he charged up to her.
     “Not as long as I can teleport, we won’t,” she proclaimed. She was
about to do just that, but Manji put a rune on her forehead. It was the
second rune, which he kept in his hands. She tried to teleport, but
couldn’t. The vines released her and she tried to fly. She found that she
could only hover a foot of the ground. "It took away most of my powers!"
     “As I said,” Manji teased, “a fair fight.” Manji charged into Ryoko
once again, and proceeded to fight in typical melee fashion. A flurry of
punches and kicks were passed between the two warriors. Every so often,
Ryoko would attempt to break Manji’s concentration by throwing a laser blast
his way. Most of these he would block, though several of them hit their
intended target. During the battle, Ryoko noticed a few changes in her
opponent. His eyes began to glow red. His speed increased, and the ferocity
of his punches and kicks were greater. He felt less and less pain as he
fought, which was apparent when she cut him in the face with her sword, and
he continued to brawl as though it never happened.
     Washu noticed these changes too, as well as some that were not so
apparent to those who were not scientific geniuses. His heart rate hit a
plateau of only ninety-seven heartbeats per minute. This would not be so
serious if it weren’t for the fact that his fists and feet were moving at
over sixty kilometers-per-hour. His metabolism in general slowed down, while
his healing capabilities went up to super human, and super wolf, levels. The
more Manji fought, the longer, faster, and harder he was able to fight. She
shared her finds with Rose, and wondered how he was able to do such things.
     “Manji is a berserker,” Rose told her. “After many generations of wars
and constant fighting, Manji’s kind evolved into a superior fighting race.
They need much energy to keep fighting like that, but once they get started,
only three things can stop them.”
     “What are those three things, exactly?” asked Minagi, who was concerned
for her sister.
     “Victory, death, or lack of an opponent,” answered Vardis.
     “One way or another, Manji is gonna see this through to its bitter
end,” commented West.
     “That is exactly the commitment needed to be a guardian,” said Azusa.
All eyes turned back to the fight, where Manji was beginning to slow down.
     Manji knew that he was now fighting a loosing battle. Ryoko began to
gain the upper hand. Her laser blasts her once again doing damage, and it
felt to him that her blows were getting stronger. He couldn’t last too much
longer. He knew it, but worst of all, she knew it. He had to find her
weakness quickly, or his chances of having Sasami as a friend would die.
     “I can keep this up all day, Manji,” she taunted, “Can you?”
     “This must end, Ryoko,” Manji panted. Ryoko then fired a powerful burst
of energy that sent Manji back to where Liam and his family were sitting. He
staggered to his feet and saw a faint shimmer of light before another blast
of energy came racing towards him. It barely avoided Liam and shot Manji
straight into another tree. Manji noticed a small gem embedded into Ryoko’s
right wrist was glowing as she hovered over to him and powered up her laser
sword. “That’s it! That jewel is the source of her power,” he said to
himself. “If I can remove the gem from her wrist, them she can’t attack
anymore. But how can I dig that out of her skin without suffering another
barrage?” Manji thought and thought until he came to a solution. “This would
overdo it, but it serves its purpose.” Manji pressed the jewel in his left
gauntlet one last time and received a rune. He held the rune in his right
hand, closed one eye and aimed for her right hand.
     “Haaaaaaa!” the two of them screamed simultaneously. Ryoko shot a beam
of yellow laser fire at Manji, while a wide bolt of azure power shot out of
the rune in Manji’s hand. They crossed each other, and hit their intended
targets. Upon impact, both warriors fell to the ground and stayed there for
several moments. Both groups of viewers stood up to check on their
respective combatants, when Manji sat up.
     “Did I hit her?” he asked. Liam ran to Ryoko to see her right forearm,
jewel, hand, and all, separated from and unconscious Ryoko.
     “Yes!” Liam yelled back. “And I think you won!”
     Manji jumped to his feet, but legs were weak from all of the fighting,
so he wobbled and fell in the grass again. His laughter pealed through the
meadow. Tears of joy streamed down his face as he reveled in his victory. He
was immeasurable increments away from regaining a family. Liam ran up to him
and helped him to his feet again. “Hey, Manji, you wanna do a victory pose?”
Liam asked. Manji wiped the tears off with the sleeves of his now torn shirt
and enthusiastically said, “YEAH!”
     “Okay, ready?” said Liam. “On three. One, two, three!” With that, Manji
did a back flip and pumped his fist into the air as Liam hummed the nine
bars of the ‘Final Fantasy’ victory song as loudly as possible.
     Washu walked over to her daughter. “Y’know,” the diminutive scientist
said, “You should be more careful how you use your powers.” She placed
Ryoko’s arm back into its socket and watched as her skin, muscles and sinews
grafted themselves back together with her detached arm. Ryoko awoke with a
start and teleported to her feet.
     “What happened?” asked Ryoko as she lit her laser sword once again.
     “It’s over,” Washu explained. “Manji blasted off your gem. Without it
you couldn’t really function so you were K.O.’ed.”
     “Damn!” the space pirate cursed. “I wanna rematch!”
     “C’mon. Secretly you wanted Manji to win, right?” asked Washu.
     “Stop reading my mind, ‘Mom!’” Ryoko protested as they followed the
others back into the city.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
     Manji looked down on his new protectorate as she slept. He couldn't
help but notice how adorable she was during her slumber. It had been a long,
momentous day for the both of them. Sasami was now kept under the watchful
eye of Manji until Beelzebub was taken care of. Manji, however, did not see
this as a duty so much as he did a blessing, for now he had what was perhaps
his last shot at belonging to any semblance of a family.
     Manji leaned over Sasami's large bed, tucked the blanket around her a
bit further, and watched her sleep. "Good night, Sasami," said the
wolf-child. "May Pater protect you with his love and fleets of angels. Not
that you'll need them." Manji then felt his face being pulled towards hers.
He hesitated for a moment, and then gently kissed her forehead. "I will be
your angel, and be with you for as long as I breathe." He knelt down at her
bedside, laid his head beside her, and closed his eyes so that he may
slumber as well. "If only I could tell you these things when you're able to
hear them." As Manji slept, Sasami turned over in her bed and kissed him on
the forehead.
     "But I did hear you," she said, softly, "and I want to be your friend
too." She turned back onto her back and drifted off to sleep.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

NEXT TIME: Insomnia overcomes Washu. So she decides to get some research on
Chima done at the Royal Library. But the facts she finds in a journal there
may blow the lid off of one of the biggest secrets of Jurai. What are these
documents doing in Chima? Why are they here? And what are the secrets of
Jurai? Things take a turn for the conspiratorial in “Beelzebub: Lord of the
Flies – Chapter Six: A Need For The Truth.”

A/N: I Finished this story in one sitting! My head is woozy from looking at
the screen all day. So I’ll sign off. A few things though: Thanks to
Deathgiver for giving me some good advice on how I should handle the
characters. I use that to update the chapters. Special thanks go to my beta
reader, Luis Rojas, who is also the co creator of  “The Dragon Pendant
Saga.” He’s the guy who basically determines whether or not these chapters
are garbage. I have nothing more to say except to e-mail me at
enigma@iamdstudents.com.
     - Enigma.