Disclaimer: “Tenchi Muyo!,” its characters, and any related images, written
or otherwise, are the properties of AIC/Pioneer. Their use is not, nor is it
intended to be cannon, and no monetary compensation was given for the
creation of this work. All other characters are the creation of Alexander
Curtindolph and Luis Angelo Rojas III, and are not to be used with out
proper credit in any work. Thank you.
########################################################################
                     Beelzebub: Lord of the Flies
                 Chapter Four: We Need an Escape Plan!
########################################################################

        “Okay, so who are all of you?” asked Ryoko as the other members of
the Saga entered into Ryo-Ohki.
        “I am Prince Malcolm Tyler Bryant, of Gilcolmb,” said the
well-dressed young knight.
        “I am Mariah Jillson, Knight of Diana,” answered the young woman
next to Malcolm.
        “Vardis Kitsune, hunter-mage,” answered the fox-woman.
        “My name is Lynn Greccor. I am an assassin,” replied the cat-girl.
        “Flint the Requiem,” the gargoyle responded.
        “Requiem? What a dreadful name,” said Mihoshi. “Why are you called
that?” Just then, thirty-five ghosts appeared behind Flint, each carrying a
unique weapon. “This is why,” said Flint.
        “Oh. Okay you can p-put them back n-n-now,” stuttered Mihoshi,
almost scared to tears.
        “I assume that you are the knight, Tenchi, that we’ve been looking
for,” proclaimed Malcolm to the prince of Jurai.
        “Yeah,” Tenchi replied, “but trust me, I’m no knight.”
        “Why, of course you are, Tenchi-sama,” Aeka corrected. “Surely you
would not have been able to fight so valiantly in the past if you weren’t.”
        “Well if I’m such a great knight, then how come I couldn’t stop Wasp
from kidnapping Sasami?” queried Tenchi.
        “None of us could have stopped him in time,” Pierce responded. “All
we can do no is retrieve her.”
        “Who took ‘er, anyway?” asked Liam.
        “We don’t know, cousin,” answered  Malcolm, “but they had weapons
like ours. My saber began to glow blue when he flew past.”
        “Not he, _she_,” Roseri said. “The only one who has Demonium weapons
like ours is…”
        “Thalia,” West completed.
        “That strumpet took Sasami, and she doesn’t even know her,” Manji
growled. “When I see her again, I will maim her.”
        “Maim her after we get Sasami back, please,” begged Liam. “ All we
gotta do is go back to Chiyoda and enter through the Otemon Gate.”
        “That’ll be more difficult than you imagine,” warned Washu. She
turned her astral laptop towards the group and enlarged the screen. “Take a
gander at this.”
She pressed a button on the keyboard and an image appeared on the screen.
        _Click_. “In our top story: Police officials are still searching the
ground of the Imperial Palace of  Japan for any clues to the incident
earlier this evening. The ‘monster battle’ that took place around
eight-forty five PM has run an estimated ten million yen in damage.
Thankfully, there were no reported civilian injuries. The Imperial Armed
Forces have sealed off all of Chiyoda to all but police and palace dwellers.
A ninety thousand yen reward is being offered to anyone who can give any
information leading to the capture or destruction of these demons.
Meanwhile, in sports…” _Click_.
        “Damn,” exclaimed Liam. “This is gonna make it harder for us to get
to Chima.”
        “We may as well go home to try and think of a way to get to the
gate,” said Tenchi.
        “The army isn’t the only group after us,” said Minagi. “Don’t forget
about the Galaxy Police. They’re interrogating every criminal in the Milky
Way, including you.”
        “Who the hell told the GP about Beelzebub anyway?” asked Ryoko
angrily.
        “Well, I thought they could help us find Sasami,” Mihoshi meekly
explained.
        “MIHOSHI!” exclaimed everyone on board the ship.
        “Sigh. We’re screwed, royally,” thought Liam as the others, sans
Tenchi, proceeded to trounce the hapless officer.
########################################################################

        Shinjuku is known as the “crossroads” of Tokyo, mainly because most
of the major subway and other rail systems stop there. At one of these
stations, a young man was at a crossroads in his life. ‘Is my father really
dead?’ he thought. ‘If so, I should give chase to those who committed the
deed. If not, will I have to fight my father so that the demon will be
eliminated? And what of the man controlling him?’ The more the young man
thought of these things, the more frequently the same answer presented
itself. ‘You must destroy them all.’
        “No! Violence without reason is wrong. I must gather evidence first.
I think that the ship came from the southwest. If I fly in that direction, I
should be able to catch up to the vessel and ask them what happened to my
father.”  The young man then walked up the walls of the train station,
spread his large, black, insect-like wings and flew off. Within thirty
minutes, he was a mile behind Ryo-Ohki. He continued to follow the ship to
Okayama, in the hopes of finding the truth.
########################################################################

        Tenchi exited Ryo-Ohki and walked toward the entrance to his house.
Lynn followed closely behind. “So, this is where you live. It is a beautiful
area,” she mused.
        “Yeah, well, it wasn’t exactly our idea to have the house here,”
said Tenchi.
        “Perhaps,” replied Malcolm, “but nonetheless, the landscape here is
breathtaking.”
        “It almost reminds me of home,” added Roseri. “The rolling hills,
the looming mountains, the forests that reach the horizon; it is a wondrous
site.”
        “Forgive them,” said Liam. “They’re not used to city life. Myself, I
choke on air if it doesn’t have enough carbon monoxide.”
        “Behold the wonders of Terran evolution,” quipped Rose.
        “You’re a flippant little nymph, you know that?” asked Liam.
        “If I am a tad sarcastic, it’s because you jaded me,” Rose replied.
        “If we keep this up, we’ll become as volatile as Ryoko and Miss
Aeka!” Liam joked.
        “I love you too much to call you a monster!” Rose retorted. They
both began to laugh at their own argument.
        “Wait, how do you know that I call her a monster?” asked Aeka as the
group walked through the door to the house.
        “I am a Vangeler,” the Chiman princess explained. “Our kind has
psionc abilities.”
        “That reminds me,” said West, who was riding on Liam’s left
shoulder, “I never did give you the info I got on these guys, did I?”
        “No. What info?” asked Liam.
        “Guys, huddle around me.” As the rest of the Saga gathered together,
they each placed a hand on West’s head and closed their eyes. West then sent
images of Tenchi, Ryoko, and the other residents of the Masaki home into
their brains. When the stream of pictures stopped, the group felt extremely
dizzy. Liam was the only one who did not fall on his haunches. “Now you know
how I felt when I broke those dark orbs,” Liam said.
        “What dark orbs?” inquired Yosho.
        “I’ll tell you guys about it later. Right now, we need a plan to get
to Otemon.”
        The group took off their shoes and entered the living room.
        “Okay,” said Manji, “the only thing that we know for certain is that
Thalia has Sasami, so she’s safe.”
        “Who’s Thalia?” queried Tenchi.
        “My strumpet of a sister, that’s who.”
        “Why would you call her that?” asked Washu.
        “You would call your sister a strumpet too, if she used men simply
to create more Amazons and killed your clan,” the wolf-boy replied.
        “She is also another member of the Saga,” said Mariah.
        “You shouldn’t be so callous toward your sister,” chided Aeka.
        “You shouldn’t act that way towards Ryoko, neither, but that don’t
stop ya, does it?” commented West.
        “Touché,” said Aeka.
        Silence.
        “They’re lookin’ for monsters,” said Liam.
        “Huh?” questioned Tenchi.
        “The IAF. They’re looking for monsters, not humans. I say we give
‘em monsters. Someone will distract the guards and cops, while the rest of
us sneak in to Otemon.”
        “Can I come along?” asked Nobuyuki, who had just come out of the
kitchen.
        “Oh, hi dad,” said his son. “This is Liam and his friends. They’re
gonna help us get Sasami back.”
        “Yep,” said Liam. “But this may be a bit too dangerous for you, sir.
It’s best that you stay here until this thing blows over.”
        “My son is about to risk his life with a group of strangers, and you
expect me to just stay here and accept that?” Nobuyuki incredulously said.
        “We know that you fear for your son’s well being,” said Pierce in a
comforting tone, “but it is necessary for him to come. He may be the only
one who can stop Beelzebub. And we will do all in our power to bring him
back to you alive.”
        Nobuyuki sighed. ‘This nervousness is what drove me to reading all
of those shojo comics. It’s the only thing that could keep my mind off the
loss of Achika. Now, Tenchi may be gone after this ordeal,’ he thought. ‘I
couldn’t bear to lose the only memento of my beloved wife. I simply
couldn’t!’ Rose saw the pain in Nobuyuki’s eyes and thoughts. She went to
him and embraced him, gently.
        ‘Everything will be all right,’ she sent to his mind. ‘We will
ensure your son’s safety. You are not the only one who sees something more
in Tenchi than what he is. Liam has a personal stake in keeping him alive.
If he can’t aid your son, no one can.’
        Tenchi had seen all of this and went into deep thought. Then he
said, “Miss Rose, may I talk to you for a minute, please?” She let go of his
dad and walked with Tenchi to the stairway. She then raised a magical
barrier, so that no one could hear their conversation. Every eye in the
house was affixed  to the two figures in the corner. Every mind was
wondering what they were conversing about. After ten minutes, the barrier
was  removed and the two walked into the kitchen.
        “Hey Rose,” called Liam, “what’s up?”
        “Tenchi and I are…eloping. Sorry.” Her eyes began to glow, as she
sent a message telepathically to the Saga.
        “Oh…” said Manji, after comprehending the message. “Well, I’m gonna
make some more Calalu soup to celebrate.”
        “Yeah, congratulations, dear,” said Liam.
        “Thank you for understanding, honey,” replied Rose.
        Ryoko and Aeka were in tears. They both stared at the blonde
princess, asking themselves where they went wrong in their campaigns to
capture Tenchi’s heart. Washu just looked at Liam and the others, pondering
the sudden announcement. ‘That came all too quickly to be sincere,’ she
thought. Yosho looked at them all with a slight grin. ‘You can fool the
girls, my grandson,’ he thought, ‘but you cannot fool your sensei.’
########################################################################
        “Dinner’s ready!” called Manji from the kitchen. Everyone had
gathered in the dining room and sat down behind the table when Manji brought
out five bowls of soup for the girls and Nobuyuki. Then he returned to the
kitchen for the rest of the bowls.
        “My son is growing up so fast,” said Nobuyuki as he took a sip of
his soup. Aeka and Ryoko glared fiercely at him for that comment, as Manji
delivered the rest of the bowls. He sat down and bowed his head and clasped
his hands together in unison with the Saga. The others stared at them,
befuddled.
        “Amen,” said the Chimans as they opened their eyes and proceeded to
partake of the Caribbean soup. Flint looked at the Masaki family and asked,
“Have you never seen people pray for their food?”
        “No,” came the response.
        “You should,” the gargoyle continued. “The Patriarch only knows what
manner of poisons and such may be in the soup.”
        “None that I can taste,” chirped Aeka.
        “That’s good,” said Tenchi. ‘That means we can sneak out of here
with little trouble,’ he thought.
        “So when do we leave to implement Liam’s plan?” asked Washu.
        “Very soon,” said Liam. A loud yawn came from Minagi as she put her
spoon into the bowl.
        “That was great,” she commented. “I think I’ll turn in for the
night. You don’t mind if I sleep in your room, do you Aeka?’
        “No, not at all,” the princess answered. “In fact, I feel a bit
sleepy myself. I suppose I’ll see you all in the morning.” The two of them
got up and left upstairs.
        “_Yawn_ That’s not a bad idea,” mused Washu. “G’night everybody.”
She left to her sub-space laboratory. Mihoshi was fast asleep with her face
in the bowl. Nobuyuki then got up and left for his room. “Good night Tenchi,
Dad.”
        “G’night, Mr. Masaki,” said Manji. “Sleep well.”
        Ryoko was the last to leave the dining area. “Ya better not elope
with Tenchi while I’m asleep, Rose,” she warned. With that, she teleported
straight to her rafter bed.
        “Okay, Tenchi,” said Liam, “you take care of the goodbye notes.
Manji, clean the dishes. Ryo-Ohki, get ready to take us to Tokyo. Now that
Wasp is gone, it should be a snap to get Sasami.” The others went outside to
prepare for the long night ahead.
########################################################################

        The young insect-man had heard enough. “First, I shall thank them
for destroying the demon, Then I shall eviscerate them for killing my
father.” He unsheathed his large sickle from its strap on his back, turned
around from the window of the house, and took off for Tokyo.
########################################################################
        The sun shone in Ryoko’s closed eyes, forcing her to wake. She
looked down and saw that none of the others were awake yet. “I guess I’ll go
wake up Tenchi,” she said to herself. As she got up, a small piece of paper
fell from her stomach and onto the floor below the rafter. She teleported
down and picked up the note. One side was written in English, the other was
written in Japanese. It read:
        Dear Ryoko,
              I’m sorry for the whole ‘eloping’ bit, but it was Rose’s hope
that you wouldn’t be so eager to follow us to Otemon if Tenchi had already
chosen a lover. At any rate, we left without you. By the time you read this
letter, we will hopefully be back in Chima. Don’t worry, or anything. We’ll
bring Tenchi back home safe and sound. We hope you enjoyed the soup. Tenchi
had Manji add some herbs that would put you all to sleep. You haven't killed
us for sneaking off yet, so I guess it works. Hehehe. ^_^
        Again, we’re probably in Chima by now. We’ll get Sasami and bring
her and Tenchi straight home. Please don’t be angry.
                                Sincerely, Liam.
        “LIAM, YOU DAMN KNIGHTLY BASTARD!” was all the demoness was able to
say when she read the letter.
        “So you got the letter too,” said Mihoshi as she entered the house.
        “Uh, what were you doing out there?”
        “Making a report to the GP,” the detective replied. “I kinda figured
they were gonna leave us like that when I started feeling sleepy as soon as
I took a sip of the soup. So, I told the GP that I had already interrogated
you, and you came up clean. I also told them about Liam and they said that
they’re gonna help us!”
        “Why’d you do all that?” asked Ryoko, unbelieving.
        “Well, I like Liam. He’s a really nice guy and I don’t wanna see him
in trouble,” Mihoshi answered.
        "TEEEEEEENNNNNNNNNCCHHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!" yelled
Aeka from her room.
        "Sounds like the little princess is up," sighed Ryoko. Washu then
exited her lab, roused from her slumber by the scream. "What does a genius
have to do to get a little beauty sleep?" she asked.
        "Bring Tenchi back," her daughter answered.
        "Tenchi's gone?" the diminutive scientist then noticed a sticky note
attached to her head. She plucked it off and began to read. "Oh, merciful
Tsunami, no."
        "Liam has abducted my Tenchi!" sobbed Aeka as she staggered down the
stairs. "We must get to Otemon, immediately!" As the princess ranted on
about the methods she would employ to torture the Knight of Draconus, Minagi
grabbed the note from Aeka's hand and flipped it over. The other side was
poorly written in English. It read:
        P.S. We also took Reeyo-Okee to git to Toe-Key-Oh.
                                Luv, Manji.
        "Um, if we're gonna go to Tokyo again, we had better take my ship,
the Hinase."
        "How come?" asked Mihoshi.
        "Because, Liam used Ryo-Ohki to get there already."
        "Damnit, they even took my ship," breathed Ryoko. "Well we had
better hurry to Chiyoda, if we're gonna kick Liam's ass."
        The other women agreed, and went outside as Minagi called for her
ship, which was still in orbit around Earth.
########################################################################

        "I grow weary of healing you every time they attack," commented
Calgio, as he tended to the many burns of Wasp's torso.
        "Forgive me, Master Calgio," said Wasp. "I should not have
underestimated The Great Knight."
        "Indeed," Calgio replied. "One who has the potential to shatter
Light Hawk Wings should never be taken lightly. Do not fear, however. He has
yet to reach the pinnacle of his power. That time comes much later. That is
good, for I have another plan to defeat him and the boy Tenchi in one fell
swoop."
        "And the girl who is bound to Tsunami?" inquired Wasp.
        "We shall wait for the rest of the Saga to bring her to us. Come, it
is time." The two demonic being then left the smoky sub-space which the were
hidden in. "'The time is come,' Calgio said, 'to talk of many things. Of
pirates, demons, goddesses, of Juraians and kings, and why I'll make you
burn in Hell, and whether knights have wings.'"
########################################################################

        This had not been a good day to be named Tenchi Masaki. After
landing in Tokyo, they were immediately attacked by a Demi-Mantis wielding a
sickle like he was Death himself. Then, with little warning whatsoever, the
IAF charged in, with _Howitzers_, no less. The Mantis-man was able to slice
through them with no difficulty, and then returned to finish off Tenchi and
the Saga.
        "You killed my father, you warmongers," he said. "For that you shall
receive no mercy. And Mother… Why do you ally yourself with these
barbarians?"
        "Abadon, listen to me," pleaded Aricelli. "Your father was a
monster. There was no other way to stop him. He would surely have killed
these people."
        "I could give a damn about these Terrans. I only want retribution,"
Abadon replied.
        Tenchi then stepped forward, garbed in the armor of Aquillas.
"Killing us will not bring your father back, Abadon. This fight is
pointless. Can't we just talk this over?"
        "No," answered the mantis-man. "Because if I cannot have my father,
then I shall have the satisfaction that you shall burn in Hell with him!"
Abadon then charged at Tenchi with his sickle. Tenchi deflected the attack
with his blade and counters with a slash of his own. The sheer force of the
slash sends Abadon reeling back fifty meters. He returns the favor by
stabbing the hilt of his weapon into the ground, causing a shockwave of
power to be sent in Tenchi's direction. Just then, a wall of rock and
asphalt rises in front of Tenchi, deflecting the blast. Pierce walks up to
the Juraian prince and smiles. "We wouldn't want our new ally to be hurt so
soon, would we?" the golem said.
        "Thanks," replied Tenchi.
        "It is Liam's order that we aid you while he and Rose distract the
army," Pierce said in turn.
        Tenchi then ponders where Liam is before turning his thoughts to the
battle.
########################################################################

        The IAF had been busy shooting a large, red dragon for the past
three hours. It had been flying around Chiyoda, causing no damage unless
provoked by the soldiers below. It had even been careful not to bring any
harm to the innocent citizens below it, only smiting the army. The battalion
commander had noticed that this monster was cautious. Too cautious. That,
perhaps, would be its downfall. Now all that they needed was a way to slay
the dragon without hurting the young lady riding atop its head.
        "You're doing a wonderful job, Wyvern," complemented Rose, who had
summoned this "distraction" while the others find a safe passage to Otemon
Gate.
        "I believe they are running out of ammunition. It doesn't matter,
though. Your hard scales make you impermeable to non-magical weapons.
Remember, we must not harm any civilians. Are you ready, faithful one?" The
dragon gave a low growl to show its eagerness to continue. It had been over
two months since it last did battle, and it had grown restless of waiting in
the Realm of Spirits. Wyvern finally had the chance to spread its massive
wings again, and it was not going to pass it up.
        "Wonderful! Let's go."
########################################################################

        "At last, we made it," Liam huffed, out of breath. It was hard to
keep up with his Demi-Leopard/Tiger companion. The journey was made even
more difficult with the legions of men in khaki uniforms with rifles in his
way. 'I think I know what salmon go through when they swim upstream now,' he
thought. "We made it to Otemon in one piece. Yosho? Mr. Yosho, are you all
right?"
        "Yes, I'm well," Yosho answered as he caught up to Liam. Behind him
was a trail of soldiers, lying on the ground. Further in the background, one
could see a giant dragon spewing fire down on some tanks. "It seems that
your fiancée is doing well, also."
        "Yeah, well, now that we're at the gate, Let's call the others at
get the hell outta Dodge," said Liam.
        "But, I thought we were in Tokyo," said a familiar voice from the
roof of the Imperial Palace.
        'Prepare for trouble…' thought West as he looked for the source of
the sound.
        "So you thought you could just leave us?!" asked another voice.
        "We won't allow you to escape with Tenchi-sama." came a third voice.
        "Besides," called yet another voice, "I haven't gotten the chance to
experiment… I mean _study_ you yet."
        Lynn appeared from behind the roof of the palace. "I'll get them,
Liam!" She ran behind the roof again. Two seconds later, Ryoko came flying
from that very area.
        "Damn," spat the space pirate as she landed butt first. "You didn't
have to kick me so hard."
        Mihoshi and Minagi walked down from their hiding places, not wanting
the same treatment. Minagi teleported herself and the detective down. A
sub-space portal opened in front of Liam, and Washu and Aeka stepped out of
it.
        "Sir Liam, we cannot let this continue without us," Aeka commanded.
        "Well, I can't let this go on with you either," The Great Knight
responded. "All of you are liabilities. Having you around are risks that I'm
not willing to take."
        "Whachutalkinbout, Liam?" asked Ryoko.
        "As long as you’re here, Tenchi will be worried about you," answered
Lynn as she jumped down from the roof. "He will not be able to concentrate
on the battle if there is a chance that you may be hurt. And we cannot
protect him if he is too busy chasing around a group of nymphomanical
extra-terrestrials."
        "We are not nymphos!" the girls protested.
        "IT DOSEN'T MATTER IF YOU'RE NOT NYMPHOS!" screeched West, who sat
on Liam's shoulder. "Tenchi said himself that we gotta keep you all out of
this. We promised him. So go home, now."
        "West, call the others," said Liam. "Let them know that we got a way
in."
        "Okay, boss," replied West. He then sent a telepathic message to the
rest of the Saga and Tenchi. "They're on their way." West then froze in
place for a second. "And so is Beelzebub!"
        "He's back?" queried Liam. "I thought we killed him with the
Ryo-Ohki.
        "The demon within him would have been absorbed by our weapons," said
Malcolm, who had arrived with the rest of the Saga.
        "Where are Pierce and Tenchi?" asked Manji.
        "Here they come, riding on Wyvern, " said Mariah. Wyvern then flew
past the group and landed before Otemon. Rose, Tenchi, and Pierce dismounted
the dragon and ran to Liam.
        "Liam!" exclaimed Tenchi. "The IAF and Abadon, Wasp's son, are
chasing us!"
        "And Wasp himself has returned," reported Liam.
        "What? And what are the girls doing here?" the Juraian prince asked.
        "Ask them," Liam said
        Ryoko rushed to embrace her potential lover. "Oh, Tenchi!" she
cooed. "I was so worried that that nasty Liam had taken you away and I would
never see you again."           "You may not live to enjoy this reunion if
we don't hurry to the gate," warned Vardis.
        "You all must die!" cried Abadon as he attacked Tenchi again.
Aricelli was close behind him, shooting at the tanks that came close to her.
        "I won't let you destroy my child, or my friends, fiends!" she
yelled as she shot bullets that froze the tanks and whomever was within
them. When the rest of the battalion saw this feat, they stopped their
advance. She then turned her attention to her son. "Abadon, dear, please
don't do this."
        "Be quiet, mother! This must be done. And you shall be the last to
die," said Abadon as he dueled with Tenchi. Ryoko saw how effortlessly this
child of Wasp was fighting her love. She knew some thing must be done to
stop him. She flew forward, preparing an energy blast powerful enough to
atomize shatterproof glass.
        She never got the chance to use it.
        One of the armored artillery troopers saw this as the perfect chance
to destroy a demon. He could finally retire from the army a hero. He loaded
the Howitzer's cannon, took careful aim, and fired the shell straight into
Ryoko's bosom. She fell back several meters before landing in front of
Wyvern.
        The frustration had been mounting within Liam for hours, and the
apparent death of Ryoko was the last straw. Fiery red energy began pulsing
throughout his body. His eyes began to glow an inhuman golden color. Every
hair on his head stood up, becoming a deeper shade of auburn. His armor
automatically donned itself upon his body. He opened his mouth and let out a
blood-curdling roar. His cry sounded like one thousand lions roaring
simultaneously. It reverberated and echoed of every building in Chiyoda.
Liam began to run at a highly accelerated pace towards the tanks. He raised
his sword over his head and slashed into the air. The force of his cut sent
all of the tanks flying into the air. They landed on top of each other
several kilometers away.
        Liam then looked up to see Beelzebub and Calgio flying overhead. He
leapt into the air and charged his blade. It began to spark as though
lightning was flowing through his hand into the sword. Again he held his
sword above him and, upon reaching Calgio, let it drop with a mighty
downward thrust. Calgio attempted to teleport himself and Wasp away, but was
not able to do so before getting his arm and shoulder chopped off.
        When Liam landed, his eyes were affixed to Abadon. Liam was out of
breath and the eerie glow was fading from his eyes. He used his sword for
support as he Lifted his hand to the Demi-Mantis, pointed his finger and
said, "Your father shall join you in the various regions of the Nether
Realm, shortly…" He then collapsed, face first, onto the street.
        "Father is alive," said Abadon. He flew off to find his estranged
patriarch.
        Tenchi rushed to the aid of the young Chiman on the ground. Ryoko
opened her eyes, lifted the large bullet from her chest, and sat up to dust
off her kimono. She saw Tenchi huddled over a mass of metal and flesh. "Did
I miss something?" she asked.
        "Yep," said West. "You missed Liam using his Chaos skills on the
entire armored fleet and Calgio. It was amazing."
        Tenchi was not amazed. He was in shock. How could someone so young
have that much power? "Liam? Liam, are you okay?" asked Tenchi. Liam didn't
answer. "C'mon Liam, wake up. You're scaring me, now. Wake up. Wake up!" The
remainder of the battalions had finally made it to Otemon. They drew their
weapons and aimed at The Saga.
        "Freeze! Nobody move!" A group of thirty or more men came from
behind the rubble of tanks. Each man was dressed in a green army jumpsuit,
and adorned a blue helmet with a familiar insignia on the front. "This is
the U.N. Special Forces. Drop your weapons, now!" The soldiers had no choice
but to obey. They dropped their rifles to the ground and placed their hands
in the sky. A man dressed in a black suit walked towards Mihoshi and spoke
to her in hushed tones. The others looked on in confusion as the U.N.
officer spoke with the GP detective. The man in the black suit then turned
to the others and nodded.
        "Attention," called the man in the suit, "these young people are
special agents for the United Nations. We have hired them to track down
paranormal activities in Japan. The insect-like beasts that you saw are our
prime targets. Anyone who interferes with their mission will be punished to
the fullest extent of international law. Understood?"
The soldiers nodded their compliance. "Then you are dismissed." With that,
the IAF left down the street to their homes.
        "Thank you, Sir," said Mihoshi.
        "No problem, Kiramitsu," the man in the suit replied. "I'm just
surprised that those idiots fell for our dumb disguise. Report back to us
when you have found Sasami."
        "Yes, Sir!" she responded. They saluted each other before the
undercover GP officer left behind the toppled armored vehicles.
        "I didn't think those were real U.N. soldiers," said Washu. "Their
insignia showed the southern hemisphere surrounded by a laurel. The true
symbol is of the northern hemisphere and a laurel. How _did_ those
numbskulls not see that?"
        "It isn't important," said Rose. "What is important is that Now we
may safely enter the gateway and retrieve Sasami." She walked to Wyvern, who
had lowered its head. She petted it and it faded back to the Realm of
Spirits. With the grand dragon gone, she walked up to the entrance to the
Imperial Castle and touched one of its sides. The space within the gateway
began to glow and swirl. "The portal has been activated."
        Tenchi picked up Liam from the street into his arms and carried him
to the gate. "What is it like, traveling through this portal?" he asked.
        "You know those waterslides at the amusement parks?" said West.
        "Yes," answered Tenchi.
        "Well it's kinda like that, only faster," explained West. "It'll
make ya dizzy too."
        "Sounds like fun," said Ryoko. She jumped through the gate, closely
followed by the others. Streams of blue light flashed by them as they
swiftly floated through the portal. A bright, white luminance loomed ahead
of the group, and they quickly found themselves rushed into it. The light
grew brighter and brighter, until it seemed to blind them. Each person
experienced intense feelings of vertigo as they became awash in light.
        Then, they stopped. Tenchi awoke, lying prone in a field of tall
grass, with Liam still in his arms. When he sat up, he was greeted with the
sharp end of a spear in his face. At the blunt end of the spear was a young
woman, with golden-brown skin and hazel eyes. Her black hair was tied into
beaded braids, which covered her head and reached the small of her back. She
wore three gold necklaces, as well as several bracelets on each arm. Her
leather tank top clung tightly to her breasts, and exposed much of her
mid-drift. A simple suede mini-skirt hung just below her waistline, held
together by a leather belt. Knee-high boots and greaves covered her long,
shapely legs.
        She stood before Tenchi, baring her teeth as a dog would to scare
off enemies. 'So, this is Manji's sister, Thalia,'  he thought. 'They look
nothing alike.'
        Thalia pushed her spear an inch closer to Tenchi's face, pointing
the blade between his eyes. She growled at him and said, "You had better
have a good reason why that boy is in your arms, out-worlder."
########################################################################

   NEXT TIME: Tenchi finally made it to Chima! But he and the girls aren't
the Only Juraians there. King Azusa and his wife have come to make a request
of Liam. Will Liam wake up? What is the king's request? Will it affect our
heroes? Find out the answers in "Beelzebub: Lord of the Flies - Chapter
Five: Tenshi Muyo! (No Need for Angels!)"

A/N: Spring has finally hit Chicago, and I am gonna enjoy every minute of
it… As soon as I am capable of dragging myself away from my PC. You notice
that I've become a little more descriptive in my writing. Well, you can
thank my beta-reader for that. He is my English Composition teacher, Mica
Racine. Now that he is helping me out, you can expect to see updates of this
story soon. I wish to thank everyone who wrote to me. Well, only one person
has emailed me, so thank you, Deathgiver. You rock. Everyone else, WRITE TO
ME! enigma@iamdstudents.com or semi-great_enigma@37.com Later!
                                -Enigma