The Ani-Mania Incorperated Writting Staff present:

"Drawing a Blank"
Day 1

Part 1: Where the heck am I now!    

     Dawn.
     The sun rose, as it had been doing for quite some time, and shone
throught the window of a room in Japan.  As it shone through the window, a
nice bright square of light found its self nestled on the face of the boy
asleep in the bed.  The boy awoke, greeting the day with the typical voice of
someone waking up with the makings of an appearent hangover.
     "Uphffft."
     As the boy looked around, the realized he didn't know where he was at.
'Judging by this headache,' he thought, sitting up, 'I'd be suprised if I knew
who I was.'
     The boy blinked, sitting bolt upright.  'I don't know who I am.  What's
going on?  How did this happen?  Where am I!?" 
     He jumped up, looking around the room.  It seemed like the kind of room
he'd like, of course he couldn't remember if he liked this kind of stuff, so
it was hard to pass judgement on that.  The he noticed a small bottle of water
beside the bed, labeled "Drink me".
     "What is this, Alex in Amnesia land?" he thought.  Of course, he didn't
know if his name was Alex.  He also didn't know where he was.  Or what he was
doing here.  He dropped this line of thought before it got him any more
confused, and turned up the bottle, taking a deep swig.
     He realized he should have checked what was in the bottle before assuming
it was water.  He saw the small sake glasses behind the paper as he was
coughing and choking.  'Uh... well, I'd hazard a guess that I'm not a heavy
drinker,' he thought, as he put the bottle back.  He looked around again.
Behind the bottle of sake he found a small recording device.  It looked like
it had a mini-CD in it.  It too had a lable taped to it.  "Play me".
       The boy shrugged, and pushed the Play button.  A voice spoke from the
mini-recorder:
     <Hello there,> it spoke in Japanese.  The boy wondered how he was able to
understand Japanese... it didn't hit him until then that he had be speaking
and thinking in Japanese.  "So I'm Japanese," he said as the listened to the
next line on the tape.
     <You know me, but I'm guessing you don't realize you do.  I'm you,
yesterday.> the voice on the device stated, sending the boy for the umpteenth
loop that day.  <I recorded this before going to bed,> the voice replied, <So
that you would have a better day than I had yesterday.>
     'What, you wake to amnesia without a bottle of sake,' the boy thought.
     <I didn't have a bottle of sake,>
     The boy, after facefaulting, got the bottel and poured himself a glass.
"I think I'm going to need this." he said to himself.
     <Oh,> the device said as he poured his drink, <I haven't introduced
ourselves yet.  You and I are Masaki Tenchi.  Son of Masaki Nobiyuki and
Masaki Achika.  We... okay, You live with your father and grandfather.  Your
mother, unfortunately, has passed away.  Your grandfather teaches you martial
arts, your father is a complete lecher, and you live with 4 beautiful women
and a young girl, and have at least 2 other beautiful women who visit very
often.> At this the boys ears perked up.  This didn't sound so bad, after all.
<Also, at least four of them are throwing themselves at you day and night, and
if they suspect you did anything wrong to Tenchi, they may well kill you.>  At
this point, the boy recently christened Masaki Tenchi painted the wall with
sake.  "What?!"
     <I thought that would get your attention,> the voice said.
     "No joke," the boy said, wipping off his face.
     <The thing is, you have to be as much like the real Tenchi as possible,>
the voice continued, <Or there could be problems.  You see, all this was
explained to me, rather belatedly, by Washuu-chan.  She's one of the women
living at the house.  She's the Universe's Greatest Genius.  Or so she says.
Of course, I'm more than inclined to beleive her, after seeing her lab.>
     <Hello, Tenchi-san,> came a female voice from the recorder.  <I'm Washuu.
The reason that you can't remember anything is that I had to borrow your
memory and mind-set patterns to run an diagnostics program on one of my
experments, a new type of robotic automaton.  You said it was alright.  Well,
okay, _you_ didn't say it was alright, but the actual Tenchi did.  And he
though you would agree, since it will only be for week, until I get the bugs
out of the system.>  The new Tenchi, nodded... how could he argue not making
an agreement he didn't remember if he did or did not make.  
     <The problem,> the new voice said, <Is that when I removed your mental
infrastucture, the deterioration curve of your mind is accelerated to the
1.024 x 10^45 power when you sleep.>
     "Huh?"
     <When you go to sleep, your memories get flushed.>
     "Oh."
     <The heavily ingrained things like speaking, eating, even your martial
arts, all seem to be holding up.  Unfortuantely, almost everything else has
been 'pfft'-ed, to quote the vernacular.  Don't worry, though, when I restore
your normal mind and memories, your mental state will return to normal.  Im
almost positive.>
     "ALMOST!"
     <Anyway,> the girl's voice continued as if she hadn't heard him... of
course she hadn't, but that was beside the point, <All you have to do is
listen to the rest of this digi-disc.  It contains all the info you'll need to
fake a day as Tenchi.  I'll meet you later today, and you can meet youself.
That ought to be fun.  Now just sit back and play this, before you get
interupted by one of the girls.>
     "Ok, shoot," the boy quoted, taking a small drink of sake.
     Just then, he felt a presence behide him.  It covered his eyes, and
whispered in his ear, "Guess who, Tenchi."
     He leap off the bed, dropping the recorder, which switched it off.  He
turned to see a ... girl?... with spiky blue hair standing behind him.
Correction, _floating_ behind him.   In the air.  Smiling.  With fangs."
     "Jumpy today, Tenchi?"
      The boy's response was perfectly understandable.  He fainted.
***

Well, what did you think?  The plot is based mostly off of the movie "Clean
Slate"  Whenever Tenchi goes to sleep, he loses a vast portion of his
memories, like Dana Carvey's roll in the movie(at least I think that's who it
was).  I tried to  picksomeone who would have the most problems to deal with
in this situation.  It came down to either Tenchi or Ranma, but I wanted to
try my hand at a Tenchi fic.  At any rate, If you liked the idea, please send
me some input!  Tell me anything!  Has it been done before, do you think it's
good, does it suck, does only suck becuase Im writing it, etc.  Send me
something!  Let me know if I'm being noticed, please!  You can reach me at
AniManiacW@aol.com.  

Btw, you can thank Deo-Sparks for this fic.  The idea hit me when I got stuck
on the next part of "Cat-Fist Fervor"  Blame her.

Ja Ne!
Wakko Warner, Ani-Maniac

and

The Ani-Mania Incorperated Assistant Writing Staff:

***Abrasia, Muse of Artistic Unease***
[A woman, looking mid-20ish, stands in a white toga with purple, crewcut hair,
and her weapon of choice, "The Great and Mighty Sprok of Prodding!(tm)".]
Abrasia:Call me Abby!

***Flash D'Angello, Patron Saint of Flashy Distractions***
[30 Year old man in white robes, festooned with tinfoil propellers]
Flash: Ooooohhhh... it blinks!

***Glitch, my personal Gremlin****
[A blueish scally thing with bright pink fur grins, sort of, and munches on a
floppy disk]

***Deo-Sparks, Goddess of Writers Block and General Literary Disfunction***
[A tall woman, with dark, straight hiar reaching down to her waist nods.  She
wears multicolored robes, and has matching sets of three marks up her
cheeks(like whiskers) and one singe inverted pyramid shape on her forehead]
Deo: Please.  Im only a Second Class Goddess.

Wakko: Third class, actually, limited license.

Deo:[smacking me in the back of the head] Take that, smarty.

Wakko: Verily, I say, what hast thou done unto me? 

Deo: Simple.  Your gonna Kunou-speak till you finish the next chapter of "Cat-
Fist Fervor"

Wakko: Egad, the horror.  The vengance of heaven shall strike you down, foul
cad!

Deo: Forget it, smarypants.  I _AM_ the vengance of heaven.

Wakko: Alas, tis true.  Then, until next we meet, fair thee well, my fellow
ffmlites. And my heaven's shining light guide you to a beautiful day.

Deo: He means goodbye.

