
	Well, I said that Bushido Muyo! would continue, and I meant it.  But 
once again, I must say that... Tenchi Muyo! and the characters contained therin 
are all the property of Pioneer and AIC, so should either the creators of the 
series or the aforementioned corporations get a look at this material, I am 
right here saying that I make no claim at all to any of these charachters, exept
for a few of the villans.  So, PLEASE, don't sue me, okay?

	But, I had better get on with it, I guess...

********************************************************************************


				Bushido Muyo!
				      by
			    Jeremy "Kraken" Acord

	       Episode 4: "When You Seek It, You Cannot Find It."


Kiyone sat at Yagami's pilot chair, studying scanner reports and eating whatever
unidentifiable snack food she had at hand.  Despite the fact that her task was 
somewhat undesireable, her identifying dilligence was duly applied.  Her 
discipline was admirable, as succeeding at this task would undoubtedly do her 
more harm than good.

She had been ordered to find her partner.

She was also reaching the end of the organized part of her planned search, after
which she would begin randomly checking, though more thouroughly, in various 
likely places.  But now, she was scheduled to search in a fairly desolate 
galactic backwater, an area known simply as the Solar System.  It would be a 
simple job to do, as the system had only one lifebearing planet, inhabited by 
a species that was barely touching on space travel.  She passed up the status 
report on her sensors, and thus missed a few slight fluctuations in Yagami's 
rearward facing sensor arrays.

Plotting a course through the Solar System's Asteroid Belt, she went to her 
cabin, to get some well deserved rest.

                                     ***

At breakfast, Tenchi had a realization.

"Say, Mihoshi, as an officer of the Galaxy Police, don't you have to make 
regular reports back to your headquarters?"

Mihoshi looked up, swallowed what she had been chewing, and scratced her head.  
"Yes, yes I do.  Why are you so curious?"

"Well, when you don't make your scheduled report, won't they start looking for 
you?"

"Hey, Yeah, they will, won't they?  That means..."

Tenchi, and the rest of the female house residents, leaned forward in interest. 

"That means that they'll find me, and I can finally get my uniform cleaned!"

Ryoko and Ayeka sweatdropped, and then laughed, exept Ayeka at least tried to 
stop herself.

Tenchi silenced the guffawing space pirate with a look.  "The point is, Mihoshi,
that when they come to find you, they would probably try to arrest Ryoko, and in
the process, probably destroy the house as well.  I don't want that to happen, 
so I wanted to make sure that we would be prepared for that.

Ryoko teleported over to wrap her arms around Tenchi's neck.  She talked into 
his "Well, Tenchi, I'm glad you finally decided to admit that you care so much 
about me.  See, Ayeka, he loves me.  I doubt he'd make such a consideration for 
you"

Ayeka stood.  "Hey-"

"Ryoko,"  Tenchi said to her over his left shoulder, "Ayeka hasn't ever stolen 
anything or terrorized any planets.  And whenever you get into a fight, it 
usually involves destroying something.  Remember my school?"

"Ummmmm, yeah, I think so."

"They just finished rebuilding it two weeks ago.  I don't want anything like 
that to happen again."

Ryoko floated back to her place at the table, and Ayeka sat back down.  For a 
few more minutes, it seemed that there might be some actual peace and quiet for 
breakfast.

                                     ***

Kiyone was nearing the third planet, and was begining her preliminary scan.  It 
would pick up any still active Galaxy Police equipment on on the planet, and the
scan would pick up more detail with every pass.  Not that she would find 
anything.  She had given up on actually finding her partner, and was looking for
her just for show.

Mihoshi was watching TV with Washu and Ryoko, Ayeka was in her room, probably 
preening, and Sasami was doing the dishes, with Tenchi's help.  He had managed 
to work out some free time for himself by doing some long shifts in the feilds 
the day before.  There hadn't been a single catfight, explosion, or misguided 
but well meaning out of control robot sighted all morning.  It was relaxing and 
peaceful.

Until a loud beeping brought everyone's attention.  Mihoshi stared at her 
franticly beeping and flashing watch as everyone else walked in, including 
Ayeka, apparently drawn by the murmur of six people all gathering in one room.  

"What?  Why is my watch beeping?"  Said a confused Mihoshi.

Washu looked over disinterestedly.  "It's sending a reciprocating distress 
signal, in responce to receiving one it recognizes.  It's turning itself into a 
homing beacon, essentially.  It looks like Mihoshi's about to be rescued."

"Yay!  I'd better go outside so they don't land on Tenchi's house!"  Mihoshi 
jumped up and ran to the door, opening it impatiently, and running into the 
yard.

Ryoko raised her eyebrows.  "Mihoshi did something intelligent?"  She then 
teleported into Tenchi's arms.  "Tenchi, I'm scared!"

"Get OFF of Lord Tenchi you demon hussy!"

Tenchi let go of Ryoko, whom he had caught by reflex.  "Both of you be quiet, 
and 
stay inside." he said.

"Why Lord Tenchi?  Why must I stay inside?  You said yourself I'm not wanted for
anything."

"Apparently you're not wanted by Tenchi."  Ryoko quipped.

"How dare you speak to me that way!  Azak-"

"STOP IT!" said Tenchi.  He turned to Ayeka "I have the sneaking suspicion that 
you would try to turn Ryoko in if you had the chance to talk with the Galaxy 
Police.  Remember how I said I didn't want them to know Ryoko was here?"

Tenchi turned and ran outside.  Ryoko and Ayeka sat on the couch where they 
would have a good but anonymous view of the proceedings, eyeing each other 
warily.  Each had a few sarcastic remarks in mind but, per Tenchi's request, 
they remained nonverbal and noncombustive in their interaction.

Kiyone looked at the readout on her screen, indicating that Yagami had received 
a signal from a Galaxy Police issue watch.  It was Registered to her bumbling 
partner, Mihoshi.  

Kiyone sighed.  "Bingo." she said dejectedly.

She methodically but without zeal went about preparations for atmospheric 
flight.  Yagami's topside and foreward impulse motors began to fire 
rythmically, causing the giant red ship to slow down and begin to orbit closer 
to the planet.  She would come into a proper landing corridor on her next pass.

Ryoko and Ayeka were staring at Tenchi, admiring the lines of his face as he 
searched the sky for any sign of the rescue prophesized for Mihoshi by Washu.  
Ryoko's eyes traced the set of Tenchi's jaw, and she reflected on what endeared 
him to her.  He was a strong boy, but still modest and unassuming, a combinaton 
that had enchanted Ryoko.

Ayeka was marvelling at the subtle but strong Juraian influence in the boy's 
facial features, wondering how she hadn't known right away that they were 
related.  Her thoughts were half rooted in daydream:  'One day he and I will be 
married, and we will rule the galaxy together, untill we pass it on to our 
children.  Then we can live forever, happy and together, free of Ryoko and Washu
and the others...'

Sasami was the first to notice the slight glimmer over the hilltops as Yagami 
came over the horizon.  She also saw some sparkling slightly above Yagami, but 
thought nothing of it.  "Hey everybody, there it is!" she said exitedly.

Kiyone was just coming in line with her plotted landing corridor when the 
proximity alarm went off.  Her fingers glided across the control panel.  A 
meteor shower was bound to hit Yagami's main drive engines.  "Dammit!  How could
it get so close?" she fought to get Yagami into the landing corridor and escape,
but she already knew it was a futile attempt.

"Hey, what was that?" said Tenchi.  "I saw a bright flash, like an explosion!"

Kiyone was thrown forward as Yagami was barraged from behind by the bulk of the 
meteor storm.  Resultant explosions, vectored by Yagami's still somewhat intact 
drive systems, drove the giant ship into the landing corridor, but at dangerous 
speed.  Kiyone tried to slow down by firing the forward impulsers, but they soon
exploded under the already searing reentry heat.  A large explosion under the 
bow forced Yagami out of the re entry path, putting it in line to overshoot it's
target.  

"Tenchi, it looks like it's coming in awfully fast." Sasami observed nervously.

Yagami had slowed, but was still going to crash.  Kiyone used her bottom impulse
motors to steer the gian ship towards a large lake.

Ryoko craned her head to watch Yagami, spewing smoke, zoom overhead.  "I wonder 
if that pilot and Mihoshi are related."

Outside, Tenchi raised an arm to sheild himself from the blast of wind as a huge
red shape roared overhead, leaving thick smoke in it's wake.  "Wait a minute..."
 he mused.  "Hey, It's headed for the lake!"

A resounding boom and a large spray of water confirmed Tenchi's conjecture.  
"Quick, the pilot may need help!" Tenchi yelled, taking off toward the lake.

Ryoko stood.  "Time to go outside, I guess..."  She teleported away, with Ayeka 
running after the rest of the group.

Tenchi arrived at the lakeshore to find that Yagami, exept for a small portion 
of the prow that was beached, was completely submerged.  He ran along the side, 
finally arriving at the battered and scorched red and silver nose.  A hatch blew
open, and after a gout of steam had escaped, he saw a form emerge.  It stood, 
half bent over, and then tumbled from it's high perch.  Tenchi rushed forward to
catch the falling body, and ended up on his back in the sand.  Looking down, he
discovered that he was holding an unconscious woman.  Her face still held a 
grimacing expression, and her hair tumbled back over Tenchi's right arm.  Her 
hair was of a darker blue than Ryoko's, but with just a hint of green, making it
a dark shade of turquoise.  The pursuing group, including Ryoko and Ayeka, soon 
arrived, to the sight of Tenchi sitting on the beach, covered in sand, cradling 
the unconcscious Galaxy Policewoman in his arms.  

Mihoshi gasped.  "Hey, that's Kiyone!  She's my partner!  Hey, Kiyone, wake up!"

Kiyone's hand came up to her face, and, holding her head, she sat up.  She 
looked up, eyes narrowed as if the sunlight on them were painful.  She looked at
the worried Mihoshi as if she didn't recognize her.  Then her eyes opened a 
little wider, but the painful expression did not diminish.

"Oh, great."  She said softly, and promptly fainted again.

"Um, let's get her back to the house." Tenchi suggested.

Kiyone awoke to unfamiliar surroundings.  She was laying on a couch with an 
icepack on her head.  Sitting up, she was confronted by a girl with amethyst 
hair tied in long ponytails, and wearing a kimono of barely differing color.

"Oh good, you're awake," she said, in a controlled formal manner, "I'll go get 
Tenchi."

The girl returned with a brown haired youth in tow.  Another girl with cyan hair
appeared on the upstairs balcony, looked down at the proceedings, then vaulted 
the railing and floated gracefully to the floor.  She strode over to flank 
Tenchi, along with the girl in the purple kimono.  Suddenly, the faces of the 
people before her stuck in her memory.

Kiyone awkwardly but abruptly stood, groping for the blaster in her shoulder 
holster.  She pointed the gun at Ryoko.  "You are the wanted Space Pirate Ryoko,
are you not?"

Ryoko rolled her eyes and put her right hand on her hip.  "Sorry, I don't sign 
autographs."  

Kiyone looked to Ayeka.  "Princess Ayeka, as this planet is within Jurai's 
jurasdiction, will you help me to aprehend this wanted criminal?"

Before Ayeka could reply, Tenchi put up a hand for silence.  "If you did manage 
to arrest Ryoko, how do you plan to bring her in?  Your ship was totally 
incapacitated in the crash.  It's better than four fifths submurged in the 
lake."

"Oh." Kiyone lowered her blaster slightly, then collapsed in a recliner.  She 
sighed, and rubbed her head.  "This has been a hell of a day."

"You're welcome to stay as long as you like.  We've gotten used to unexpected 
houseguests around here."

"Really?  Thank you so much."  Kiyone bowed her head at Tenchi.

Mihoshi poked her head in.  "Really, Tenchi?  Yay!  Me and Kiyone are gonna be 
together again!"

"Oh, no"

Ryoko pulled Tenchi over.  "Hey, Tenchi, what did you do that for?"  She asked 
in a hurt voice, "Now she can just hang around and arrest me whenever she gets 
her ship fixed.  I thought you said you didn't want me to get arrested, Tenchi!"

Tenchi took a deep breath.  "We'll worry about that when the time comes.  For 
now, she needs rest and shelter, and I can't deny her that if I can help.  It 
would go against everything granpa taught me.  I could have asked you to leave 
when I came home, remember?  After you had just tried to kill me?"

"I wouldn't have gone.  I'm in love with you, remember?"

Tenchi rolled his eyes.  He looked back to Kiyone.  "As I said, you're welcome 
to stay as long as you like.  Now, get some rest.  I'll see if Sasami can make 
a little more dinner than she planned."  He turned and strode from the room, 
with the First Princess of Jurai in tow.  Ryoko turned to follow, cast a 
distrustful look at Kiyone, and then followed.  

Kiyone returned to the couch, picked up the icepack, and applied it to her head.
"A nice boy." she said, staring at the doorway through which Tenchi had left.  
"He commands the love and loyalty of the most wanted criminal in the universe, 
as well as that of the First and Second Princesess of Planet Jurai...  But, 
somehow, I'm not really surprised."

********************************************************************************


	And that is how Kiyone became a part of the Bushido Muyo! universe.  I 
had a feeling that in a storyline so close to Tenchi Muyo!, that I would get 
some requests to explain just how Kiyone got there.  Email me with any 
questions, comments, suggestions or complaints at Azhrei701@hotmail.com, or at 
ZeroKraken@aol.com.  I will have more episodes worked out soon, and I will try 
to work any really good suggestions into the story.  

May you read Without Need,

-Jeremy "Kraken" Acord
