

	Here is the next episode of Bushido Muyo!  And before I begin it I will 
say that Tenchi Muyo! and the characters therin are all the property of Pioneer 
and AIC, so if either of these corporatons sees this, I am right here asking 
them not to sue me for copyright infringement or whatever.

********************************************************************************

				   Bushido Muyo!
					by
			      Jeremy "Kraken" Acord

		   Episode 5:  "Misconception by Accident"

Tenchi awoke to a peaceful and bright morning.  The sunbeams shot through the
blinds of his window and lit his room with a benign glow.  After pulling on some
jeans and his shirt, and rolling up the sleeves in the style that suited him, he
deemed himself as ready as could be to face six very crazy women, two eternal 
enemies in particular, and a day of feild work, sword practice with his 
grandfather, and homework for the weekend.  But despite the load of work ahead 
of
him, Tenchi's mind was like a still pond, the ripples of reality quickly gone, 
diminished by a pervading calm that origionated from some unknowable location.  
He opened the door to his room and steped boldy forward, prepared to face the 
turmoil that awaited him.

As he rounded the corner onto the balcony, Aeka left her room, drawing his 
attention. She seemed pleasantly surprised to see him.  She smiled sweetly down 
the hall at him, and Tenchi read in her eyes a persistent and underlying 
adoration.  For only a moment, he seemed to grasp in infinite detail the essence 
of the princess' love for him.

This symbiotic moment was soon shattered.

Tenchi was swept up into the air, spiraling up towards the rafters, his arms 
held tightly to his sides by a swirling shape clad in muted turquoise and red.  
As they began to revolve more slowly, he noticed that Ryoko and he had  cleared 
the balcony railing.  Tenchi detected a lightheaded sensation, and realized that
Ryoko was trying to read his mind.  Rather, she was making an impression of 
Tenchi, his emotions and mannerisms, memories of him to comfort her when he was 
not around.  Ryoko looked up at Tenchi, with the ghost of a smile on her face 
and a subtle brightness in her eyes.  "I missed you, Tenchi," she said 
teasingly, "Why do you have to sleep so much?"

Aeka ran down the stairs, no mean feat while not trying to show too much of her
legs.  She almost literally pulled Ryoko off of Tenchi.  "Stop draping yourself 
over Lord Tenchi, you harlot!"  She pushed Ryoko a little further away.

Ryoko stepped forward, brushing Aeka's hands away with her fists, which settled
into a threatening position.  "Hey, listen, Princess, just because Tenchi and I 
are in love and you can't take it is no reason to get pushy!"

"Don't kid yourself, Ryoko.  Tenchi and I are destined for each other, and if 
you get involved you'll just get hurt.  I'm trying to save you from yourself."

Ryoko guffawed and put her hands on her hips, taking a small step back.  "Just 
who here is kidding themselves, Aeka?  I've known Tenchi scince he was born!  If
anyone here is 'destined' to be with Tenchi, it's me!"

Aeka took a deep breath.  "Well, Miss Ryoko, this will never end..." she said, 
"So I propose that we finish it here and now, for good!"  She was instantly 
surrounded by her tiny logs.

Ryoko stepped into a fighting stance.  In her now cupped hands, Tenchi saw an 
orange glow.  "Fine by me." she said.

Tenchi, dwelling on the thought that they were really serious, decided to try to
diffuse the situation.  "Girls, stop it.  Now." he tried to be as commanding as 
possible.

"I'm ready whenever you are, Aeka." Ryoko said calmly.

Aeka put out her hand, palm outward, and the logs began to form concentric rings
around it, spinning in opposition to each other.  Aeka's hair began to float, 
and Tenchi could feel his hair standing on end.  The lights flickered, and for a
moment Tenchi thought he could hear a slight crackling sound.  Aeka's hand 
retreated slightly, and a ball of electricity, almost too bright to look at, 
formed where her hand had been.  Aeka chambered her hand in preparation to 
strike the ball.

Tenchi stepped toward the two.  "Aeka!  Ryoko!  I am not going to let you 
demolish my house again!  Are you even listening?"  They were not: both were 
totally oblivious.

Aeka's hand flashed forward as Tenchi stepped between her and Ryoko.  Tenchi, 
who had been looking at Ryoko, turned to see the electric blast heading for him.
He raised his arms in instinctive defense.

For the Princess, time had come to a near standstill.  She saw Tenchi with his 
arms raised to defend himself, and all she could do is stare, wide eyed, as 
Tenchi's death bolted toward him.  She had time for a single thought:

No.

A mighty explosion, unacompanied by smoke or fire, rocked the Masaki residence.

Aeka stared at Tenchi, half buried in the far wall of the living room, 
fortunately having impacted between the wall studs.  A single Light Hawk Wing 
floated before his slumped head, the intervening factor that had altered the 
grim projections of the Jurai First Princess.

As the Light Hawk Wing faded out, Tenchi groaned, and shook his head, as if 
trying to cleanse his consciousness of the memory of a nightmare.  He was 
instantly surrounded by all but one of the female tenants of the house.  Ryoko 
was holding Tenchi's head in both hands and staring into his eyes, apparently 
checking to see if he had a concussion.  Kiyone, Washuu and Sasami were occupied 
with peeling the beleagured boy out of the wall.  Mihoshi hovered worriedly over
the proceedings.

Tenchi pried himself away from his worried houseguests, and walked over to stand
before Aeka.  The princess was frozen in place, mouth slightly open, hand still 
extended.  She seemed to regain her grasp of the moment, and cast a look of 
betrayal over Tenchi.  There were tears in her eyes, but she held them back, 
unwilling to let them roll down her face as they might normally do.

She sighed.  "I see, Lord Tenchi.  You have made your choice.  And though I 
cannot beleive that you would actually choose to defend that, that monster..." 
She glanced at Ryoko, "...I will honor your will.  Go.  Be with her."  With 
that, she turned and quietly went upstairs.

Tenchi, momentarily dumbfounded, soon blinked away his shock.  He stumbled 
painfully up the stairs, and approached the door to Aeka and Sasami's room.  He 
reached for the door, but was stopped when a hertofore unseen hand laid a steady
grip on his shoulder.

Tenchi turned, and was confronted with the weathered face of his grandfather.  
"Tenchi," Katsuhito adressed him, "Now is not the time.  Go, and do your chores.
Come to sword practice.  When your work is done, return here, and if the time is
right for you to step in, you will know."

"Grandpa, that's crazy!  I can't-"

"You can't do anything for Aeka right now.  Wait, and let things take their 
course.  Don't worry, Tenchi: you have a place in events to come."

Tenchi would normally not have listened, but he detected in Katsuhito's speech 
an undertone, a bare trace of a command.  He was not just getting advice from 
his grandfather, he was hearing a command from his sensei, and a man who had 
more experience dealing with Princess Aeka than Tenchi could ever hope for.  He 
took his grandfather at his word.  "Thanks, grandpa." He strode past his 
grandfather, and around the corner.  Katsuhito could hear a slight murmur as 
Tenchi left, but nothing resembling conversation.  

"You will thank me later, Tenchi." Said Katsuhito down the hallway.  He then 
left himself.

********************************************************************************

And that is the end of this episode.  I'm sorry it was short, but, well, it's 
longer than No Need for Nightmares! was.  Anyway, Please send any questions, 
comments or complaints to Azhrei701@hotmail.com or to Zerokraken@aol.com.

You may have noticed that I have changed the way I spell Aeka from Ayeka to, 
well, Aeka.  I did this because while typing this episode, I had an epiphany.  
In essence I thought to myself: "Waitaminit, should Aeka really be spelled that 
way?  I'm teaching myself Japanese, I guess I should check."  Well, as I had 
suspected, there is no "ye" in the Japanese sylaballary.  So, I omitted the y 
from my spelling of Aeka.  Problem solved.  However, there is a "yo" syllable, 
so my spelling of Kiyone remains unchanged, although Kione works as well.  
Should anyone know wether or not this is correct, please tell me.  I'm off to 
write episode 6 now, Bye Bye!
