And now kids, the CHIBI WASHU SHOW!!! (crowd applauds enthusiastically)
Now for part 2 to the series, "Chibi Washu Comes to Visit"
LETS BEGIN  AND ON WITH THE SHOW....^o-


It was already 8:00 and the entire household was gathered around the
breakfast table including a mysterious guest. " So tell me, what brings you
to our house hold?" Yosho asked with an ever calm face. "Well perhaps I
should start at the begining..." the strange, spikey headed girl with a some
what solemn face. I come from the future ,about 15 years to be exact, where
a war was raging. Professor  Washu and you all were the only ones standing
in the way of the mass invasion. A strange life form was attempting to take
you all over so Washu extracted each of your DNA. Then she created younger
versions of yourself  and was prepared to pit them into battle. But then the
evil life form, called Plasma, went back in time in order to destroy you
before you become a threat. Thats why she sent us, in order to protect you..

When she had finnished her story they heard a knock on the door. In staggers
another figure with spikey black hair and torn bloody garments. Shes
carrying a saber and seems to be in bad shape. "well this just gets better
and better." ryoko says still trying to absorb all the information. " Chibi
Washu....Plasma is here quick....Chibi Kyone and Mihoshi cant stand the
energy beams much longer.. she gasped before collapsing on the ground.
    Chibi washu gets up from the table and quickly runs out side. The once
beautiful yard looks like a warzone and She quickly sees where her friends
are. She then pulls out a giant saber from her cape and surges towrd the
battle field.....

TO BE CONTINUED>>>^o^


