********************
  Children of Jurai

[A bar.  It has a good number of people in it but not so much that a man
can't sit alone at it which is exactly what Hisako is doing.  He's nursing
a cup of sake with the bottle sitting nearby.  He seems overtly interested
in his cup and not much else.]

Barkeep: [walking over] Something up, Jiro-san?

Hisako: [glances up] Hmm? [blinks] Oh, no, it's nothing.  Just got a lot on
my mind.

Barkeep: Anything you want to chat about?

Hisako: [shakes his head] Nah, it'd take too long to explain the whole
story.

Barkeep: [looks around] It's not a very active night, I have to time to
listen if you just want to tell me a little bit.

Hisako: [raises a hand] It's okay, really.  It's just a little quarrel with
a old friend.

Barkeep: Is he a good old friend?

Hisako: [shrugs] I don't know, I guess I thought he could have been.  He's
the only one around from the old days and I figured we could have put aside
our last fight and forget about our problems.

Barkeep: Ah, he couldn't let bygones be bygones.

Hisako: No, I couldn't.  He was ready to let it all slip away and I blew
it.

Barkeep: It sounds like you don't know what you really want out of your
friendship with him.  Was it really something so bad that you couldn't let
it go?

Hisako: No, that's exactly it, it really has nothing to do with our fight.
It's just ... [waves his hands trying to articulate for several seconds
before giving up and drinking the rest of the sake in his cup] Do you
believe in fate?

Barkeep: [laughs while he goes to fill Hisako's cup again] You wouldn't
believe how many people ask me that question a month.  I think it's my fate
to be asked of my opinion of fate for eternity.

Hisako: But, really?

Barkeep: [sighs] I'll say what I always tell my customers.  I believe in
fate and I don't believe in fate.

Hisako: What do you mean?

Barkeep: I think that it's equal parts fate and free will.  I think there
is a 'fate' so to speak, destined for us, but it's not something that
remains consistent as you go through life.  If you can realize your fate
before it happens, I think you stand a good chance at changing it.

Hisako: [nods] I can see how you'd think that.

Barkeep: You don't feel the same.

Hisako: No, I've seen enough people try to change their ways.  It always
falls apart in the end.  There is an inescapable fate for us, it may not
always seem likely, but it's always true.  I've spent a lot of time trying
to escape mine, and it seems like it's all been for naught.

Barkeep: You may be right.  There might very well be no salvation for some
of us.  There are times when I could see that way.  But whether there is
fate or not, it doesn't mean you have to preoccupy yourself with it.  Look
around, Jiro-san.

Hisako: [turns around and looks about the room] What?

Barkeep: These are happy people.  They go to work, they do their jobs, the
come home, sleep, and go off to do it again.  Sometimes they find their way
here during that cycle, but eventually they fall back into their daily
patterns.  If they looked at their current situation, some of them might
say drearily say they can see their fate, like you. [he looks to Hiskao]
But they're happy now, so why bother concerning them with something
unchangeable.

Hisako: [turns back to the Barkeep] What are you trying to say?

Barkeep: I don't think you believe what you say.

Hisako: I don't?

Barkeep: [shakes his head] I think the reason you fill your mind with your
fate is that you believe that you must be able to change it.  If you truly
believed that it was impossible to alter, you'd have accepted it and moved
on.  You want to change your ways, but you're using an excuse not to.

Hisako: I'm lying to myself, you're saying?

Barkeep: I'm suggesting that you find the cheerful, talkative man that I've
seen come in here times before and bring him out again.  Stop spending so
much time projecting the outcome your life and live it.  You'd be surprised
what might happen without your intention.

Hisako: [raises an eyebrow] You haven't quite had the experience I've had
with fate. [he stands and drops some yen on the bar] It's immutable, trust
me.

[The barkeep watches Hisako go then frowns and picks up the yen.]

*********************************************************
Children Of Jurai
Episode 6:
"Hisako's Story;
 Who Is The Master Of Our Destiny?"

By Adam Leigh
*********************************************************

[ We see Hisako sitting in a Juraian cell, an organic enclosure (of
course), made of the roots of a tree creating the bars of a circular cell
that stands about ten feet tall and fifteen feet in diameter.  He's
sitting, eyes closed, cross-legged in the center with a calmed look on his
face.  After several moments, his eyes open and he sighs.  A figure with
long hair walks up to the cell and looks in. Hisako stands fluidly and bows
before them. ]

Hisako: Milady Funaho.

Funaho: Hisako of the Guild.  You've gotten into a lot of trouble again.

Hisako: I'm sorry, Lady Funaho, I didn't mean to cause you or your family
trouble.  I've always had respect for the Juraian Royal Family.

Funaho: [laughs faintly] I've know you to feel many ways towards the
Family, but I've never known respect.  You don't need to lie to me, Hisako,
I understand the tensions in the Guild.

Hisako: [raises an eyebrow] Odd that you would, even when I do not know
them fully.

Funaho: It isn't you job to worry about these things, to the Guild, you are
a simple trainer.  However, I must dwell upon these matters greatly, if I
am to report them correctly to my husband.  [smile fades]  This anger
towards the Family will pass with time and everything will go back to the
way it was.

Hisako: I wish I could have your faith, Lady Funaho. [pauses, looks away] I
understand I'm not to be executed for my crimes.

Funaho: My son has spoken on your behalf, you are only to be held
indefinitely.

Hisako: [chuckles] A blessed childe you have, Milady.  Even though we were
to fight to the death, he still begs for mercy upon me.

Funaho: [oddly distant] He is blessed, isn't he? [pauses, then looks to
Hisako] I understand you've been training him secretly.

Hisako: [looks grim] Told you, has he?

Funaho: [still for a second, then shakes her head] No, he's remained silent
about the whole thing, he doesn't want his father to know.

Hisako: [tilts his head] But you know?

Funaho: It is my job, remember? [pauses]  I do not have the same opinion as
my husband on this matter, however.  Rather, I thank you for teaching my
son, especially in the more honorable ways of my people.

Hisako: He was eager to learn.  Truly though, Milady, Earth, your home, is
the greatest planet I've known.  In what other ways would I teach an eager
student.

Funaho: [turns away] My home is Jurai.  Earth is a planet we preserve.

Hisako: [looks to Funaho with a slightly saddened glance]  You carry great
baggage, milady.  It seems almost as large as your husbands.

Funaho: Perhaps ... [turns back to Hisako] But should you ever know what
Misaki carries with her, you wouldn't look so down upon me.

Hisako: I see... but right now, all I can see is you.

Funaho: ...

Hisako: I really am sorry, I admire your son, even if we have our
differences.

Funaho: As I, am sorry, that things turned out this way. [she turns to
leave] It was good to see you again.  The Royal Guard will come shortly,
they'll be transferring you to your permanent prison, off-world.  Farewell.

Hisako: Goodbye, Milady.  I doubt that fate has it in it for us to meet
again.

Funaho: You'd be surprised what the future has in store.

*  *  *

[Many years later.  We see a clearing in a large forest.  Hisako is sitting
in the center with his legs crossed and his eyes closed.  Beside him are a
bokken and an aged book.]

Man's Voice: Hisako!

[Hisako looks up as a man wearing a long dark blue cape and has light brown
hair pulled behind him in a ponytail.  He is walking with another man with
short blue hair, a few inches shorter than him.]

Hisako: Arizu! [he stands, grabbing the bokken in the process and stuffing
the book under his shoulder]  What have we here?

Arizu: [turns to the younger man beside him] This is Makoto, he's one of
our newest men.

Hisako: [holds out his hand] How do you do?

Makoto: [shakes his hand] Fine.

Arizu: Master wants you to teach him the art.

Hisako: It would be my honor. [turns to Arizu] Can I talk to you for a
moment?

Arizu: [blinks] O-of course.  Stay here Makoto. [walks to the side of the
clearing with Hisako]  What's on your mind old man?

Hisako: Another one?  So soon?

Arizu: Yes.

Hisako: Why?  What is Master planning?  Surely it can't be possibly we're
thinking of taking this squabble with Jurai to the next level?

Arizu: [softer] It certainly seems that way.

Hisako: [matches volume] Well?  Do you agree with it?

Arizu: It's not entirely my place to say, I'm not one who can speak
eye-to-eye with Master.  If you don't think--

Hisako: I'm not asking you what I think.  I want to know what _you_ think.
Is this wise?  We can't possibly stand to their might.

Arizu: Hisako, I cannot speak on this matter.  It's not my place-

Hisako: I'm making it your place!  Tell me what you think.

Arizu: [hesitantly] I ... I think whatever Master plans, they must have
been well debated before they were carried through.

Hisako: That's not an answer!

Arizu: It's the only one I can give.  I cannot second-guess Master.
Please, don't ask me this again. [normal voice] You will teach him, won't
you?

Hisako: [frowns] The new recruit? [sighs] My teaching is separate from
these affairs, of course I'll teach him.

Arizu: [nods] Good, then, I'll be on my way. [heads away]

Hisako: [watches Arizu leave silently then moves towards Makoto] Hey, boy,
what were you?

Makoto: Makoto.

Hisako: What?

Makoto: Not boy.  Makoto.

Hisako: [blinks] Of course, Makoto.  What were you before Master snared
you.

Makoto: Merchant.

Hisako: I see.  Why join us?

Makoto: Revenge.

Hisako: [eyes widen] Revenge?  Revenge on who?

Makoto: Jurai.  Killed my parents.

Hisako: The whole planet?

Makoto: Guard killed whole family.  Only survivor.

Hisako: That's terrible, why would they do such a thing?

Makoto: [shrugs] ...

Hisako: [raises an eyebrow] You're not one to say much, huh?

Makoto: ...

Hisako: I see.

*  *  *

[The clearing.  Hisako is sitting, again, cross-legged in the center with
his eyes closed.  A butterfly with white wings flutters about his head]

Hisako: [sighs and opens his eyes] Where is that boy? [notices the
butterfly] Oh, hello.  [He sticks out his finger and the butterfly lands on
it.]  I'm not bothering you, am I?  I didn't notice any flowers when I sat
down.  [The butter flutters its wings and walks along his hand.]  Well,
that's good to hear.  You must enjoy yourself, no?  Sometimes I wish I was
a butterfly, I'd imagine I wouldn't have to deal with inattentive students
and aggressive Masters that way, just flying around from flower to flower,
living only for an instant but long enough to leave children for the
future.  Yes, I do believe, there are times I envy you.  [The butterfly
takes to the sky again.]  Oh, goodbye there, little butterfly.  [The
butterfly begins to fly away, then turns around and flaps it's wings before
Hisako.]  What's up?  I still in the way?  [the butterfly flutters down to
Hisako's ear and flies there for a moment.

Butterfly: [small voice] Betrayer.

Hisako: [eyes go wide] What? [He turns to the butterfly, but his sudden
movement scares it away and it flutters out of the clearing.  He reaches
out for it.]  Wait!  [The butterfly continues on its way.]

Voice: Hisako.

Hisako: [turns to the source of the voice to see Makoto standing beside
him.  He clears his throat.] Ah, Makoto.  You're late.  Excuse?

Makoto: Master delay.

Hisako: [sighs] Any particular reason this time?

Makoto: Assignment.

Hisako: [frowns] An assignment?  Already?  I assume it's not combat
related, we haven't finished and you're far from ready.

Makoto: Combat.

Hisako: [angry] And I hope you protested, you should know you're not ready
for fighting yet.  You can't even execute the basic kata's yet, let alone
engage an opponent!

Makoto: No protest.  Master.

Hisako: Yes, I'm aware of the godlike presence he seems to imbue, but he
doesn't have the right to order you to die by participating in combat you
aren't ready for.

Makoto: No protest.

Hisako: Makoto!

Makoto: [pulls out his bokken] Train.

Hisako: [reaches for the bokken] Now listen to me, this is serious-

Makoto: [pulls the sword out of Hisako's reach] Train!

Hisako: [his face clouds over and he picks up his own bokken and stands]
All right, if you think you're so good, come on then, attack me.  [He
stands casually with his bokken in hand]

Makoto: Aaahhh! [He lunges forward but Hisako steps aside and hits him in
the gut.] Urk.

Hisako: [He turns and swings quickly at Makoto's sword and causes it to
snap in half.  Makoto hits the ground hard.]  Come on, get up!  You can't
honestly believe that an assault like that will accomplish anything, can
you?  I haven't even begun to teach you the proper offensive stances yet
and you think you can fight.  You have a lot to learn, and I know you
aren't doing the exercises I've been telling you to do.  So stand up, and
we'll go through the breathing exercises again.

Makoto: [He stands with an arm to his stomach, tosses down the piece of the
sword still in his hand and runs out of the clearing.] BETRAYER!

Hisako: [sighs as he watches him go] You're betraying yourself. [He turns
and goes to pick up the pieces of the fallen bokken then freezes.  He looks
up to the sky for the butterfly but can't find it.]  Strange...

*  *  *

[Hisako is sitting cross-legged again and eyes closed, his bokken lying
across his legs.  The butterfly is sitting on the wooden sword, gently
flapping it's wings.]

Hisako: [slowly opens his eyes] Hello again. [the butterfly flutters once]
You sure are a vigorous butterfly, I didn't think you could live as long as
you have.  I guess you're special.  Not very pretty though, you don't have
a lot of color on your wings.  I suppose you hang around white roses or
something like that, right? [the butterfly flutters its wings again]  Why
do you keep coming back this way? I mean, aside from the obviously
thrilling conversation we have.  It's not like you can understand what I'm
saying, and I don't think you're saying anything back, so, why?  [flutter]
I see.  [The butterfly flies up to Hisako's ear again.]  Stop tha-

Butterfly: Warning.  [It files away quickly, Hisako watching closely, once
again dumbfounded]

Arizu: Hisako!

Hisako: [looks down to see Arizu approaching]  Oi! [he stands and walks
over to him]  What can I do for you, Arizu, another student for me?

Arizu: [looks uneasy] I'm afraid not, old man.  I'm here on behalf of
Master to talk to you about Makoto.

Hisako: [raises an eyebrow] Oh really?  What is it the almighty Master
wishes of me?

Arizu: Master wants you to stop beating on the boy.

Hisako: [angered] I am not treating that kid any different than I've
treated any of my students!  I haven't been, and I won't change!

Arizu: Master thinks you're being too rough on Makoto, that you've been
intentionally holding him back.

Hisako: I have done NO SUCH THING!  If that boy would DO the exercises I've
told him to, he wouldn't be in such sorry shape.  If I let up on him, he'll
not be as good as warrior as he could be.

Arizu: Master still wishes you to be more understanding to him.

Hisako: Is that right?  Well, you can tell Master that I'm going to teach
that boy properly and if he cries about it so be it but I'm not giving up
on him!  He deserves to be trained as well as everyone else!

Arizu: Please, Hisako, make things easier for us, just do what Master
wants.

Hisako: Or what?

Arizu: I didn't want to say it, but Master wanted me to warn you that
you've overstepping your bounds.

Hisako: WARN me? Overstepping my bounds?  Oh, now I MUST take this up with
Master.  Sorry, Arizu, but I do things the way I do things, I won't take
advice from Master or anyone else.  You can report that if you wish, but
I'll be over to discuss this with Master shortly.

Arizu: Hisako...

Hisako: No, really, don't press this any further with me.

Arizu: [shakes his head] I'll deliver your message. [walks away]

Hisako: [turns away and sees the butterfly flying a few yards in front of
him] What do you have to do with all of this? [the butterfly flies away
again]

*  *  *

[A dark room.  Hisako is standing under a spotlight and we notice a figure
standing just beyond the edge of the shadows.  Something glints on the
shadowy figure every now and then as it paces around the edge of the
shadow, daring to step into the light but never revealing itself.]

Hisako: [He holds his hands out pleadingly] Master, this has to stop.

Master: [distorted] So says you. What is it exactly that you wish me to
prevent?

Hisako: Whatever it is you're starting.

Master: That could be number of things.  Why don't you start small and
we'll build from there.

Hisako: Makoto!

Master: A truly intriguing boy, was a mere shell before I found him.  You
can see how he's grown since then, what is it about him that's wrong.

Hisako: Nothing is wrong with the boy.

Master: Then what is your strife?

Hisako: The way you're treating him.  You've been sending him into
situations he is not yet prepared for.

Master: And yet, he is still alive.  Perhaps you think less of him than he
is.

Hisako: Luck; sheer and utter coincidence!  He'll not last forever if you
keep this up.  He has neglected my training, he is not even skillful enough
to keep up with me.  As soon as he comes across someone even moderately
good with the sword... he will fall.

Master: He's come across those and more, have faith!

Hisako: [walks to the edge of the light] You're a fool!

Master: [reaches into the light to grab Hisako's clothes and lifts him into
the air]  You are the ONLY person I'll let live for making such a remark!
Only because of what I owe you do you still exist today.

Hisako: [softly] What's become of you?  Where's the child I taught to be a
honorable warrior.

Master: [lowers Hisako to the ground and releases him] That child, is no
more.  [walks further into the shadows]  With the passage of time, every
child grows to be an adult.

Hisako: I think you're being generous with that term if you're applying it
to yourself.

Master: You're a fool to continue tempting me, old man.  You're lucky I'm
merciful to my old comrades.  It was a great expense to break you out of
that Juraiian prison.

Hisako: _I'M_ lucky?  To get mercy from YOU?  How quickly you forget what
you were before me!  You had no respect from anybody before I taught you
strength and leadership!  I made you what you are!

Master: You got me to a point, I took the next step.  You still are stuck
where I once was.

Hisako: I'm here by choice!

Master: Then accept the duties of your position and stop bothering me.  I'm
Master, now, don't forget.

Hisako: [sighs] This is our end, Master.  I no longer care about you or
your mission.  I'm merely a teacher to you now.  [turns away from Master]
Stop risking the lives of my students unnecessarily or I'll be even less
than that to you. [walks out of the spotlight]

*  *  *

[The clearing, Hisako is standing before Makoto.]

Hisako: [irritated] It's about time you showed up, are actually ready to
learn today?

Makoto: [shakes head] No.

Hisako: No? What do you mean, 'no'?

Makoto: Mission today, no time.

Hisako: Mission?  Where?

Makoto: Fenra.

Hisako: That's a Juraiian colony, a heavily guarded one.  Why the hell is
sending you there?

Makoto: Steal artifact.

Hisako: That's ridiculous!  I hope you've got a good escape plan, because
this is only going to last a few minutes at best.

Makoto: [shakes head] No escape, masquerade.

Hisako: Masquerade?  I don't understand.

Makoto: Look like Karn.

Hisako: [frustrated] What is worth this risk?  What the hell is going on?

Makoto: [turns] Going.

Hisako: Wait!  That's a suicide mission!  You can't go there!

Makoto: Leaving. [runs into the trees]

Hisako: Wait! [Makoto disappears into the woods despite his calls.] Dammit,
Master!  Why?  [He looks to the sky in vain.  His brow creases as he sees
something up there and points to the sky.]  You!  [A simple white butterfly
comes down to rest on his finger.  He lowers it slowly]  I don't know what
you are, or how you know what you know, but every time I see you you tell
me what's about to happen next.  Do you know what's going to happen on this
mission?  What's going to happen to Makoto? [the butterfly flutters it's
wings]  Tell me dammit!

[High above, a crack of thunder sounds and it slowly begins to rain.
Hisako's face drops and he runs over to the trees to take cover.  The
butterfly flies with him then lands on his nose when they reach the trees.
Hisako falls to his knees and leans back against the tree.]

Hisako: I've gone crazy. [he sighs] I'm yelling at butterflies to tell me
the future.  I've lost total control of my life.  I never should have
trained warriors, they tend to engage in war too much.  [The butterfly
flaps silently before Hisako.]  I'm sorry I yelled at you, little guy,
probably scared a few years off of however long life you seem to have.
[lowers his head]

Butterfly: Cost.

Hisako: [looks up] What?

Butterfly: There's a cost to be paid for any knowledge of the future.

Hisako: [awe] You really can talk...

Butterfly: Of course! I've demonstrated this before... twice even, I can't
understand you humanoids, you never believe your own senses.  Oh, by the
way, stop calling me 'little guy' I'm a woman I'll have you know!

Hisako: I'm - uh, I'm sorry. I didn't know.

Butterfly: Of course you didn't, you just assumed, another thing you
humanoids do, especially MEN!

Hisako: [thinks] Maybe it was better when she was silent.

Butterfly: Hey! I heard that!  If you don't want my help, just say so, I
think there are some really nice flowers over on the north field.

Hisako: No, no!  I'm sorry, I really do want your help, um... miss...

Butterfly: Oops, I was supposed to introduce myself first.  Ahem!  I am
Junit, Goddess extraordinare!

Hisako: [skeptical] You're a goddess?

Junit: That's what I said, wasn't it?

Hisako: But you're a butterfly.

Junit: What? There can't be butterfly goddesses?

Hisako: Oh, I just thought... well, I'm just wondering why you chose to
appear to be a butterfly.  It's a kind of... limited form.

Junit: [grumbles] Well, if you insist on being so nosy, I wasn't always a
butterfly.  [beaming] I used to be a beautiful woman! [sighs]  But I kind
of made some mistakes on this backwater planet called Earth and this is my
penance.  The Tree of Life has this thing for bugs, I don't know what's so
hot about them, really.  Just flap around, go from flower to flower, [mock
excitement] 'Oh! Look at that beautiful Chrysanthemum!' [grimace] It's
really quite boring.

Hisako: Oh, I see.

Junit: Right!  You wanted something?

Hisako: I want to know what's going to happen to Makoto on this mission.

Junit: Hm... viewing the future, always a popular one.  Sorry, lad, but
there are some big payments in order to view the future.  Unless you're
willing to pay up, I'm afraid I can't help you.

Hisako: What sort of payments?

Junit: Can't say precisely.  Most likely you'll have to carry out a task.
That's usually what's demanded of those who get to see the future.  You
see, with knowledge of future events comes a great responsibility.  You
might be asked to make sure something you see comes true, or be asked to
make sure what you see doesn't come true.  I really won't know for sure
until you look, but when it's over I'll know exactly what you need to do.

Hisako: Then what?

Junit: Whadda mean, 'then what'?  You go and do the task, silly!  Well, I'd
imagine you'd get the chance to fix what you want to see, but then you'll
have to fulfill your task.

Hisako: That's some job, what if I fail in my task?

Junit: You must keep trying until you die, and if you do happen to die,
then you've done enough to deem your view at the future.  Although, I have
to say, that doesn't happen too often.  We usually taken it easy on you
folks.

Hisako: Why?

Junit: "Blessed are thy children," and so on.  You get the idea though, we
like you folks.  Not all the time, but at least enough that we don't need
to beat on you until the brink.  So, you get it?

Hisako: I get to see the future, and in turn, I have to fulfill it?

Junit: Ehh... close enough, yeah.  So, do you want to know if Makoto lives
or not?  That brat worth this obligation to you?

Hisako: [pauses] Yes, all of my students are important to me.

Junit: So be it.  Close your eyes. [Hisako closes his eyes and Junit flies
above him sprinkling specks of shining light.]  Now ... open them, and SEE.

[Hisako opens his eyes cautiously...]

*  *  *

[Space.  Hisako is simply standing in the dark abyss.]

Hisako: Um... Junit?  This is not quite what I expected.  [He glances
around and notices Jurai hanging nearby looking to be about three quarters
Hisako's size in diameter.]  Hm... Jurai.  [A large shadow looms behind
him, he turns quickly and sees a wicked shaped creature of blackness
approach him.  He stumbles back and bumps into Jurai.  He turns and looks
to see the surface of the planet turning red as the atmosphere burns and
volcanos appear and erupt.]  What's going on?  [He turns back to see the
shadow approaching.  He jumps out of the way just as the shadow swings down
at him and cuts Jurai in half.] What is that thing?  Is this the future?
[The pieces of Jurai glow then explode in a tremendous shockwave that
expands outwards leaving only complete blackness, emptiness in it's wake.
Hisako watches as the stars around him slowly blink out of existence as the

shockwave hits them.]  No!  It's destroying the universe!  What are you
saying?  If Jurai is destroyed, the Universe is doomed?  [Everything turns
white suddenly, and he covers his eyes with his arm.]

*  *  *

[A battlefield.  It appears as if there used to be some sort of building
where he stands, but has been destroyed, apparently from an impact of some
sort by a Karn ship.  Hisako looks around just as soldiers rush past him
towards some battle over a mound of wreckage.]

Hisako: Where am I now? [He moves after the men and climbs up the wreckage
and peers over the top.  He sees a large fight taking place down below
between a large group of Karns and the soldiers that ran past Hisako
earlier.  It looks like the Karns are grossly outnumbered]  The Karns?  Why
are they... oh no, Makoto said they'd be impersonating the Karns on their
attack!  Is that what this is?  [He runs down the wreckage towards the
battle as the Karns each fall one by one.]  Makoto!  Makoto, where are you?
[Hisako trips over another soldier and looks to see that it's Arizu,
dressed in a Karn uniform.]  ARIZU!  [He reaches down to find a pulse but
finds none.]  Dammit!  Makoto!  [He gets up and runs towards the battle.
He gets there as the soldiers are surrounding the remaining Karns.  The
four remaining are huddled in the center of the circle, looking determined.
Hisako notices Makoto in the group.]

Soldier: Give it up, you Karn rebels!

Makoto: [looks around desperately before bearing down and gripping tightly
on his sword, a long metal one this time] RUN! [he rushes towards the
nearest soldier and stabs him.]

Hisako: NO! Makoto, don't do this!

Makoto: [continues fighting and manages to kill two more soldiers before
several gang on him and stab him multiple times.] Urk... [He falls to his
knees then topples forward in a bloody heap.]

Hisako: MAKOTO! [Everything turns white again.]

*  *  *

[Hisako is standing in the clearing, under the rain.  He blinks several
times and looks around.]

Hisako: Where...

[Junit flies around a nearby tree.]

Junit: Hey!  You big olf, get over here!

[Hisako runs over to the tree, dripping wet by the time he reaches it.]

Hisako: It was so strange.

Junit: Did you see what you needed to?

Hisako: [nods] Yes, I have to go tell Master right away.  [He turns and
runs through the trees]

Junit: Hey!  Wait!  Don't forget about the cost! [Hisako is already gone]
Feh, stupid humanoids!

*  *  *

[A tiered command center.  Several rows of consoles line the steps up to a
large chair with a figure sitting in it.  The room is dark except from the
glow of all the monitors.  At least thirty people are in here with the
figure.  Hisako comes bursting into the room, dripping wet.  Two large men
step forward to grab him, thinking he's an intruder.]

Hisako: Master!  You have to stop this attack!

Guard: Come on, buddy, lets go. [starts forcing him away]

Hisako: Let go of me!  Master!  You have to contact the ship!

Master: Guards, just a moment. [The guards stop pushing Hisako out the
door]  What is it, teacher?

Hisako: It's going to fail, this attack is going to go south and they'll
all die!  You have to call it off!

Master: I'm afraid that there can be no contact with the shuttle, they are
on an undercover mission after all.  It wouldn't do any good to blow their
cover before they even reach the planet.

Hisako: They're going to die if they reach that planet, can't you hear me?

Master: How do you know this?

Hisako: I've SEEN it!  I saw the future, and they all die!

Master: And how do you know that's not what I intended in the first place?

Hisako: [freezes] You...

Master: The Karns would not play ball with us, they turned me down for the
last time.  If they won't join us, they'll have their hands full with other
problems.

Hisako: You sent them to die!

Master: They knew they were.  I didn't hide anything from them, old man,
they met their fates with honor.  [pauses] That is what you taught us,
wasn't it?

Hisako: [wilts] I...

Master: Please take this teacher out of here, guards, he's making a mess of
the place.

Hisako: [doesn't struggle as he's ushered out of the room] ...

*  *  *

[Hisako's room.  A simple place, with a futon on the floor, a small
dresser, and a few hanging robes.  He seems to be packing a bag full of the
articles from his dresser.]

Hisako: That's it, I'm through here.

Junit: [flies in through the door] Aha! Here you are!

Hisako: Junit ... [looks away] I'm not in the mood.

Junit: Hah, like the fates care.

Hisako: Fate seems to be treating me very cruelly lately.

Junit: Maybe you deserve it?

Hisako: I can't see how.

Junit: Can't you?  Let me help you out a bit.  You helped an enemy of Jurai
gain power, you conspired in the beginning to bring about their secret
separation, and you ignored all of the signs that your work was being
twisted for an evil purpose.

Hisako: It's not evil!  We deserve more than we've gotten, I thought I was
helping us get into our rightful place in the universe!

Junit: Naivete is no excuse.

Hisako: [sighs]  I suppose you're here to tell me about my task.

Junit: You should already have an idea based on your vision.

Hisako: [stops pack and nods] I saw Jurai being destroyed by some shadow.
Afterwards, the entire universe died from the shockwave.  I don't
understand my job in this, though.

Junit: You have to prevent the destruction of the universe.

Hisako: [gives Junit an evil look] I thought you said you liked us?

Junit: Ahh, well, how to explain this.  Are you familiar with Chaos theory?

Hisako: No.

Junit: Well, the bulk of it says that you can move a mountain with the
fluttering of ... say, a butterfly's wings.

Hisako: Then why don't you save the universe.

Junit: Now you're just being stubborn.

Hisako: Fine, but what am I exactly supposed to do?

Junit: I don't know exactly, I am supposed to deliver you a prophecy,
though.

Hisako: [finishes packing] Lets hear it then.

Junit: You'll encounter a progeny of your partisan;
Pedigree of the plant of vivacity;
Plying radiance of the pallid predator,
Who must conclude the succession of apprenticeship.

Hisako: Could you be any more cryptic?

Junit: Hey, I didn't come with it, the more incomprehensible it is the
harder it'll be for us.

Hisako: Us?

Junit: Yup, I have to stick with you until you finish the task.  So you
better get used to me.

Hisako: Oh joy.

Junit: So where are we going?

Hisako: Away, far from here, Master can do what he wants, but I'll no
longer be part of it.

Junit: Will he just let you leave?

Hisako: He has to, he owes at least that much to me.  Come on, lets find a
ship.

Junit: [flies down an lands on his shoulder] This is going to be fun, I
haven't been on quest in hundreds of years.

Hisako: ...

*  *  *

[Hisako, older, is standing before a long dirt road that goes off towards a
series of fields and the foot of a mountain.  He looks impassively down the
road with a grim expression on his face.  The sky is dark from clouds, that
seem to be approaching at a moderate speed.  A white butterfly flies down
to land on his shoulder.]

Junit: Hey there, Hisako.

Hisako: [glances at Junit] Hello Junit.  I haven't seen you in a while.

Junit: Didja miss me?

Hisako: I felt the absence of our casual banter.

Junit: Ooh, you only start talking this way when something big is
happening, what did I miss?  Did you meet your old student?

Hisako: [nods] Yes, I have.

Junit: What was he like?  Did he remember you?

Hisako: Yes, he did.

Junit: ... [flies up to land on his head]  So what's up?  Why are you so
glum?

Hisako: I found someone else with him.

Junit: Oh?  Who's that?

Hisako: [gravely] The pedigree of the plant of vivacity.

Junit: Really?  After all this time?

Hisako: I'm pretty sure about it, although Yousho refused to confirm my
suspicions.

Junit: You told him about the prophecy?

Hisako: [shakes head] No, I merely tried to find out about his heritage,
but Yousho wouldn't talk.

Junit: I see.  So what are you going to do?

Hisako: I brought up some old business and I'm heading back to his house to
settle it now.

Junit: Old business?  Why doesn't that sound good?

Hisako: It isn't, I'm sure I've made a mistake, but it's far too late to do
anything about this.  This is how destiny's cards have played, this is how
I'll carry things out.

Junit: You don't have to do anything you don't want to.

Hisako: I must fulfill the prophecy.  This way will work, but it will be
sloppy.  Nonetheless, I will go through with it.

Junit: You beat yourself up too much, I don't like seeing you like this.

Hisako: That, my dear, is irrelevant. [pauses]  Where was it you had been,
if you don't mind me asking, all this time?

Junit: [nervously] Uh, you know, this and that.

Hisako: [raises an eyebrow] This and that?  Awful lot of this and that must
be going on to be gone so long.

Junit: [would blush if possible] Well... there was this really sexy looking
monarch I ran into-

Hisako: [eyes wide] Ho!  That's enough!  What have I told you about those
things?  I don't near to hear about the love life of insects.

Junit: Hmph, you asked.  It's not MY fault I was born again as a butterfly,
you know.

Hisako: Yes it was, you told me before that it was penance for mistakes
made centuries earlier.

Junit: Well, you don't have to rub it in either!  Hmph!

Hisako: [smiles briefly then frowns] At least someone is having fun.

Junit: Ooooh!  What's that I hear?  The ladies FINALLY giving up on that
god awful suave talk you keep spouting?  I can't believe you wooed so many
with that junk!  Things have not gotten better since I was last on this
planet.

Hisako: It's not that, Junit.  I just can concentrate on those things while
I'm dealing with this.

Junit: Yeah, right, you're just covering.  It's ALWAYS the prophecy when
you're having lady problems.

Hisako: Ahh, quiet. [starts walking down the road]

Junit: [sighs] Things haven't changed too much then.  I missed you while I
was gone, you know.

Hisako: Stick with the insects, I don't spin a good chrysalis.

Junit: [laughs] I didn't say I was attracted to you, I just want you to
know, out of all the humanoids out there ... you're my favorite.

Hisako: [nods slowly] You're my favorite bug, too.

Junit: Don't call me a BUG! [thunder sounds in the distance] Hm, sounds
like a storms coming.

Hisako: [glances down at the bokken at his side then forward down the road]
Indeed it is.

[Cut to black.]

To Be Continued...

********************
  End Episode 1x06
  Children Of Jurai
********************