Previous Chapters can be accessed through the side bar at:
http://dogbert.simplenet.com/Tempest

********************
  Children Of Jurai

[We see the bright and large moon in the midnight sky.  The
Masaki house roof lies just beneath it, almost as if the
moon is resting on it.  We hear a somewhat regular whoosh
just before Tenchi steps into view.  He's going through a
sword kata with a bokken while standing on the roof,
silhouetted by the moon.  He's wearing black pants with no
shirt and is barefooted.  He swings the sword several more
times before kneeling and leaning on his sword, breathing
deeply.]


[We see Washuu's laboratory.  Two large transparent
cylinders are resting on their sides on either side of a
console at which Washuu is sitting.  She's got her head in
her arms on the console and is obviously sleeping.  As we
look at both cylinders we notice that they have cushions and
sheets in them to look like beds.  One has Tenchi inside
while the other is empty, although it looks as if it was
recently occupied.  We hear Tenchi's breathing from the
previous scene.]


[We see a hallway in the Masaki house.  The door to Washuu's
lab is here, but it's got a large padlock on it and a sign
hanging from that says: `Stay Out! I mean it this time.'  On
either side of the door are Sasami and Ayeka, sleeping
against the wall with slightly agitated looks on their
faces.  We can still hear Tenchi's breathing.]

Ayeka: [softly] Teennchii... [she snores]


[We see the lofts above the Masaki living room.  A pillow
rests here among the rafters as well as a collection of
various things: some food scraps, a couple manga, some empty
sake bottles.  Ryo-ohki is sleeping against the pillow,
slightly `myaaa'ing with each breath.  Again, Tenchi's
breathing is still heard.]


[The roof again.  Tenchi pushes himself back up to his feet
with the help of the sword.  He closes his eyes and raises
the sword straight out in front of him.  He breathes out
deeply.  We can see that he's sweating rather profusely.]

Ryouko: [softly] Tenchi...

[Tenchi's eyes open and he turns quickly to see Ryouko on
the opposite end of the roof as him, sitting on the edge
looking away from him.]

Tenchi: Ryouko.

Ryouko: [she slowly turns her head to look at him] I didn't
know that Washuu had let you out of the lab.

Tenchi: [he walks over to Ryouko and stands behind her] I
let myself out.

Ryouko: She said that you needed to rest. [she chokes up]
She said ... she said that to leave would be dangerous.

Tenchi: I felt okay...

Ryouko: Tenchi! [she turns and embraces him, she starts
crying into his chest]

Tenchi: [his eyes widen, then relax; he puts a hand on her
head] Ryouko...

Ryouko: I ... I thought you were going to die...

Tenchi: [smiles] It's okay, I'm alright.

Ryouko: What... [she swallows] what happened to the other
Tenchi?

Tenchi: [frowns] I don't know, I think he's sleeping ... or
something.  Washuu was sleeping too when I got up.

Ryouko: Are ... you going to stay all right now?

Tenchi: I'm not sure.  I feel okay now, but I don't know
when whatever that was will happen again.  Maybe it's a side
affect from being copied from the original Tenchi. Hm... [he
stands up]

Ryouko: Wha... Tenchi?

Tenchi: I should get back inside before someone comes
looking for me. [he turns but stops]

Ryouko: What's wrong?

Tenchi: Are you coming?

Ryouko: [smiles through her tears] Yes.


*********************************************************
Children Of Jurai
Episode 3:
"Collect on the Bounty;
The Infamous Garfilus Syn"

By Adam Leigh
*********************************************************


[Space.  Earth sits low in the frame.  A ship flies past and
settles into Earth orbit.  The ship is a long, sleek
looking, vessel, silver color, with a long tapered nose that
comes to a point attached to two similar, smaller, nacelles
on either side that glow green.  Along the side of the ship
is a string of blue lettering that says "Errant Venery".]

[The cockpit of the Errant Venery.  A man sits, shrouded
mostly in shadows, we can only see what the small bit of
light from the console provides for us.  He's got long hair,
wearing a vest over a short sleeved shirt and fingerless
gloves.  The cockpit is basically a large console filled
with buttons and holographic displays with the exception of
a throttle on the right and a joystick on the left.  He
reaches forward and presses a button that causes a display
of the Earth to appear.  It rotates slowly and several
points are indicated in a text we can't read.  The image
stops right above Japan and several lines of text are
displayed next to it.  With the additional light from the
display we can see the man's complete face.]

Garfilus: Exactly where I predicted you'd be, [smiles]
Ryouko.

[He pulls back on the throttle and the ship flies off into
the atmosphere.]



[Washuu's laboratory.  Washuu is sitting at a console
tapping wildly while Ryouko sits on a stool nearby with a
few wires attached to her head.]

Ryouko: Um... *mom*, is this exactly the best time?

Washuu: What do you mean, dear?

Ryouko: Should you be working on Tenchi and ... Tenchi right
now instead of doing this meaningless stuff with me?

Washuu: Not to worry, both Tenchis are sleeping soundly
right now and I've done all the tests I can at the moment.
I need to make sure ALL of my creations are working
correctly, not just one or two.

Ryouko: Tenchi is NOT your creation!

Washuu: Not originally... but...

Ryouko: [yells] Not at all!

Washuu: [smiles] I know, I'm just joking.  If he was my
creation, he couldn't be mine someday. [winks]

Ryouko: [growls] MOM!

Washuu: [looks down and taps on her console] Ahh, yes, very
good...

Ryouko: [looks confused] Eh?

Washuu: I was starting to worry that something was wrong,
but that was the reaction I was looking for.  You give your
mother such a scare sometimes. [giggles]

Ryouko: Hmph... [looks away]

Washuu: So what's really wrong, my daughter?  It doesn't
appear to be anything that's incorrect with your body, so
what's plaguing the mind?

Ryouko: Nothing.

Washuu: [frowns] Lying to your poor mother!

Ryouko: There's nothing *poor* about you, Washuu.

Washuu: Even so, something is wrong and I'd like to know
what?

[Ryouko says nothing.]

Washuu: Does Zero still bother you?

[Ryouko's eyes widen but she still says nothing.]

Washuu: Hm... as much as you may hate me for it, it was for
your own good, Ryouko.  Besides, I did give you a choice.

Ryouko: Not very much of a choice.  *He* was sitting right
there, holding that... that... *bastard* incarnation of me!

Washuu: I didn't think that was bothering you so much.
After all, Zero's body is all gone and history now.  Why
does it still bother you?

Ryouko: Who says it's bothering me?!

Washuu: I say.

Ryouko: Who made you the knower of all things?

Washuu: I don't know everything, but I know my own daughter.

Ryouko: Not well enough! [she starts to get up]

Washuu: Ryouko! [she grabs Ryouko's arm]

Ryouko: [starts struggling] Get off me!

Washuu: Wait, Ryouko.  You're right, I don't know.  [Ryouko
stops for a moment] That's why I have to ask.  I can connect
you to a thousand machines and I still won't know why you do
some things.  I can feel your emotions, Ryouko, but I don't
know why you're having them.

Ryouko: That's how it should be.

[She pulls away from Washuu and teleports away.  Washuu
looks at the spot where she was for a moment then falls to
her knees.]

Washuu: My dear Ryouko.  I made you so well and still you've
done things beyond what I ever expected.  I wish you could
know how happy I am.  How proud I am of you.



[We see the hallway in the Masaki house with Washuu's door
in it.  The padlock and sign are gone.  The door opens and
Ryouko walks out with her head hung.  She closes the door
and puts her back against it and sighs.]

Ryo-ohki: Myaa!

Ryouko: Huh? [looks up]

[Ryo-ohki jumps down and lands in Ryouko's hands.]

Ryo-ohki: Myaa, myaaa!

Ryouko: [hugs Ryo-ohki] Oh, Ryo-ohki.  You don't think
Tenchi preferred Zero do me, do you?

Ayeka: What was that, Ryouko?

[Ryouko looks up suddenly as Ayeka comes walking down the
stairs.]

Ryouko: Nothing, Princess.

Ayeka: Where's Tenchi... Tenchis... both Tenchi?

Ryouko: They're sleeping, leave `em alone.

Ayeka: [walks over to Ryouko] I should go see them any-

Ryouko: [stops Ayeka by putting a hand up] I said you should
leave them alone.

Ayeka: I didn't ask *your* opinion.  Step aside.

Ryouko: I won't say it again.

[Ryo-ohki jumps down from Ryouko's arms and scurries away.]

Ayeka: Who made you keeper of this door?  If I want to go
see Tenchi I'll go see him!

Ryouko: Tenchi needs his rest, he's still not recovered.

Ayeka: Which one?

Ryouko: Tenchi!

Ayeka: And which one of the TWO we now have, is that?

Ryouko: He's...

Ayeka: You're just looking for a reason to have me attack
you.  Well, you know what, you demon?  I won't be part of
it.

[Ayeka walks away.  Ryouko fumes.]

Ryouko: Since when is everyone trying to analyze me?  Hmph!
[She flies up and teleports away]

[Ayeka walks back over to the door and looks up at where
Ryouko just teleported from.]

Ayeka: I win this time.

[She opens the door and walks right into Tenchi-brown.  She
stumbles back.]

Tenchi-brown: Ayeka!

Ayeka: Tenchi!  I ... I'm sorry.

Tenchi-brown: It's okay, Ayeka, it's my fault.

Ayeka: Tenchi?

Tenchi-brown: What is it, Ayeka?

Ayeka: Tenchi ... do you ... would you ... like ... to,
um... visit Ryo-oh with me?

Tenchi-brown: [blinks; looks back into the doorway] I really
don't want to go back in there right now.

Ayeka: I see...

Tenchi-brown: Why don't we visit Funaho instead?

Ayeka: Hm?

Tenchi-brown: Lets go for a walk. [Tenchi-brown starts
walking down the hall]

Ayeka: Wait! Tenchi!  [she scurries after him]

[A few moments pass, then Washuu's door rockets open and
Washuu stands in the door way with an aggravated look on her
face and panting.]

Washuu: Where'd he go? [She looks both ways down the hall
and up at the ceiling.]  How does he keep dodging my sensors
like that?



[We see the roof of some building.  Ryouko is lying on the
roof, looking up into the sky. She's holding a small pebble,
tossing it between hands, as she sighs.]

Ryouko: Stupid princess.

[Ryouko throws the pebble up into the air with the flick of
her wrist but actually sends it flying far into the sky.
There's the sound of a door sliding shut and we see Sasami
exiting the shed that Ryouko is lying on top of.  Sasami
starts to walk off towards the house when the pebble lands
on the ground by her feet.  She looks up then steps back to
look at the roof.]

Sasami: Hi, Ryouko!

Ryouko: Hey, Sasami, wha'cha doing?

Sasami: I'm just gathering some vegetables for tonight's
dinner.

Ryouko: Really, what have you got?

Sasami: Carrots.

Ryouko: That's it?

Sasami: Well, it's the only thing we grow anymore now that
Ryo-ohki eats so much.

[Ryo-ohki's head pops up out of the basket of carrots that
Sasami was carrying.]

Ryo-ohki: Myaaaa! [nods enthusiastically]

Sasami: [sad] Ohhh, Ryo-ohki, you've got to stop eating all
of our vegetables or else they'll be nothing left for us
except extracts and other bad stuff.

Ryo-ohki: Myaaa.

Sasami: Now I have to get more. [she turns back towards the
shed]

Ryouko: Hold on, Sasami! [she jumps down off the roof] You
really put a lot of care and effort into all this, don't
you?

Sasami: All this?  You mean picking vegetables?

Ryouko: I mean cooking and cleaning and serving and all
those other things you do.

Sasami: Yes, I suppose, but it makes me feel good.

Ryouko: Feel good? Doing work?

Sasami: Well, the work is tough, but if I do it, Tenchi and
Father and Grandpa and sister will be happy, and that makes
me feel good.

Ryouko: Oh... [pause] Um, did you ... would you like some
... help?

Sasami: Help?  Wow, Ryouko, you've never *offered* to do
work before, what's wrong?

Ryouko: Why does everyone think something's wrong with me?

Sasami: Well, Ryouko, you're just acting differently than
normal, that's all.  It's not like you to offer to do things
so openly.

Ryouko: Oh yeah? Well, maybe I know that too!  Maybe I want
to help more, maybe I want you to see me do more things.  I
want everyone to look a me as something other than a
troublemaking, no good ... *demon*!  But no one wants to let
me!

[Ryouko begins to fly off]

Sasami: Wait!  No one thinks of you like that, Ryouko!

[Ryouko continues flying off towards the woods along the
lake.]

Sasami: Ryouko... [She runs into the house.]



[We see Tenchi-brown and Ayeka walking through the woods by
the Masaki Shrine.  Tenchi-brown has his arms behind his
back and looking at the trees above them while Ayeka seems
to be looking at the steps as they walk on them.]

Ayeka: Um... Tenchi?

Tenchi-brown: Yeah?

Ayeka: How are you ... feeling?

Tenchi-brown: I'm fine.

Ayeka: Oh ... that's good, considering... uh, yesterday.

Tenchi-brown: Yesterday?

Ayeka: [blinks] Yes, yesterday, when you and the other
Tenchi collapsed.

Tenchi-brown: Oh...

Ayeka: You ... do remember, Tenchi?

Tenchi-brown: A little.

Ayeka: A little?

Tenchi-brown: I remember being outside, then a lot of tests
and being in Washuu's laboratory.

Ayeka: But you don't remember everything that happened?

Tenchi-brown: Not everything ... oh, there's Funaho.

[Tenchi-brown points through the trees where we can see the
pond surrounding Funaho.  The two of them continue walking
towards it.]

Ayeka: But, Tenchi, don't you think that's ... bad?
Shouldn't you find out why you can't remember it all?

Tenchi-brown: I feel alright, I'm sure I'm fine.

Ayeka: What did Washuu say was the reason you collapsed?

Tenchi-brown: I haven't talked to her yet, but I saw
something on her computer that said the other Tenchi was
drawing energy from me somehow and yesterday I ran out so we
both collapsed.

Ayeka: That's terrible!  What does that mean?

Tenchi-brown: I don't know. [smiles] Don't worry about it
Ayeka, everything will be fine.

Ayeka: If you say so, Tenchi...



[Washuu's laboratory.  Washuu is typing on her console next
to the two cylinders, one of which is empty.  Sasami is
standing next to the cylinder with Tenchi in it, looking
inside.]

Washuu: This is bad.

Sasami: What is it, Washuu?

Washuu: This Tenchi is getting weaker while the other Tenchi
is getting stronger.  They are definitely linked in some
manner that's allowing them to share energy.  At first, they
were sharing equally, so both could act and move and
probably do everything Tenchi could originally do.  If
things stayed that way, there could have been two Tenchis
here without any problem.

Sasami: So what's wrong?

Washuu: The other Tenchi is vying for more power and it's
draining the life out of this one.

Sasami: You've got to stop him, Washuu! He's going to kill
Tenchi!

Washuu: I would if I could, but I can't even figure out HOW
they're sharing energy, let alone how one is getting more
than the other and how to stop it!  And I certainly won't
find out anything else unless I get both Tenchis here again,
so we have to find the other Tenchi.

Sasami: But we don't know where he is!

Washuu: Not to worry!  I don't know how the link works, but
I can trace it from this Tenchi to the other!  [she pulls
out a small device that looks like a wrist watch] This
tracker will point us in the direction of Tenchi!

[She turns on the device and a series of domes appear then
twist to point in different directions.  Washuu points.]

Washuu: He's THAT way!

[Washuu looks up and sees that she's pointing at the Tenchi
in the cylinder.  Sasami, who's standing next to the
cylinder, waves and smiles nervously.]

Washuu: Hmm... I must have mis-calibrated.



[Ryouko is sitting at the top of the staircase by the Masaki
Shrine.  She's resting her head on her hands and looking
down the stairs.]

Ryouko: [sighs] Tenchi...

Katsuhito: Ryouko!

[Ryouko blinks and turns around to see Katsuhito calling her
from the steps of the shrine house.  She gets up and flies
over to him.]

Katsuhito: Ryouko.  I need some help moving a few things.
[he takes her by the arm] Come along.

Ryouko: [reluctantly being pulled] Wait-a-minute -- I didn't
say -- knock it off!

[We see the Masaki shrine house a few moments later.
Katsuhito is holding a small box under his arm as he walks
out.]

Katsuhito: [looks back] Everything okay, Ryouko?

Ryouko: [straining] Well...

Katsuhito: That's good.

[Katsuhito steps down off the stairs and starts walking
away.  In the doorway of the house a series of stacked boxes
and crates that are overflowing with various items comes
crawling out.  The boxes move down off the stairs and turn
to follow Katsuhito.  When they turn we see Ryouko behind
them, struggling with all her might to hold them.]

[We see a small path leading to a shed in the woods.  The
door slides open and Ryouko falls out and starts twitching
on the ground.]

Ryouko: Uurrghhh...

Katsuhito: [walks out, stepping over Ryouko] Thank you
Ryouko.

Ryouko: [sits up and rubs her shoulders] Whatever.

[She starts to get up then sees a hand in front of her.  She
looks up the arm to see Katushito offering to help her up,
his glasses reflecting the light of the sun so she can't see
his eyes.  Meekly she takes his hand and he lifts her up.]

Katsuhito: So tell me, Ryouko, what has you lingering around
the shrine lately?

Ryouko: Nothing that concerns you, *Yousho*.

Katsuhito: Well, you seemed a little introspective.  I
wondered if there was anything you wanted to say but didn't
know who to say it to.

Ryouko: [disbelief] You want me to talk about it to you?

Katsuhito: If you need to say something, I can listen.

Ryouko: [blinks] Alright then, what do you think that I am?

Katsuhito: You are?

Ryouko: What am I?  What do you see me as?

Katsuhito: You're Ryouko.

Ryouko: But what does THAT mean?  Who is Ryouko?

Katsuhito: Well, Ryouko was a poor kid I met who couldn't
find her way and couldn't escape the control her parents put
on her.  She was very strong willed, but very na<ve.  She
watched over my grandson for years and the first thing she
did when she met him was try to kill him.  Sometimes people
think she's mean, but she's just the victim of bad luck.
[pause] That's who Ryouko *was*, maybe you can tell me who
she *is*.

Ryouko: [stops walking; pauses] You think you're so smart.

Katsuhito: [turns back] Well, I didn't spend seven centuries
watching television.

Ryouko: You're not helping me at all.

Katsuhito: Perhaps not.  But the only person who can tell
who Ryouko really is, is Ryouko.

Ryouko: But I don't KNOW who I am!  I knew yesterday!  I
walked the lakeside with Tenchi!  I told him I loved him!
Tenchi! [pause] Tenchi ... one of the Tenchis... the one
with ...

Katsuhito: Maybe you need to find out who someone else is
before you discover yourself.

[Katsuhito turns back to the path and starts walking back
towards the shrine]

Ryouko: I -- I ... have to find Tenchi!

[Ryouko jumps up and flies through the canopy of the trees.
She starts flying back towards the house when a green bolt
flies from somewhere in the sky and strikes her back down
through the trees.  A moment later, in the spot where Ryouko
just was, a man wearing a long, dark green coat, with a
black vest and a white shirt with black pants and long blue
hair flies down standing on a glowing metal disc.  He's
holding a sort of gun in one hand and clenching a fist in
the other.  He smiles down where Ryouko just fell.]

Garfilus: Found you.

[He flies down into the trees.]



[The Masaki House.  Washuu is watching the readout on her
watch with Sasami looking on.]

Washuu: The signal's getting stronger!  He'll be coming
through the front door right .... NOW!

[Washuu points at the front door just as it opens.  Nobuyuki
walks in carrying a briefcase.]

Nobuyuki: Hello Washuu! Sasami!

Sasami: Hi Mr. Masaki!

Nobuyuki: Cooking something nice for dinner tonight?

Sasami: I haven't started yet, but I'll make something.

Nobuyuki: Great!  [He goes up the stairs]

Sasami: Wrong again, Washuu.

Washuu: [twitching] Something is definitely wrong here.

[We suddenly see a scene with Ryouko on the ground with a
metal staple pinning her torso down.  She's struggling
against the staple when a shadow descends upon her.  We
flash back to Washuu.]

Washuu: [gasps]

Sasami: What's wrong?

Washuu: Ryouko!



[We see Tenchi-brown and Ayeka standing by Funaho.]

Tenchi-brown: [gasps] Ryouko!

Ayeka: [looks to Tenchi] What's wrong, Tenchi?

Tenchi-brown: I ... don't know, I just got this terrible
feeling ...

Ayeka: What is it?

Tenchi-brown: It's ... [pause] Ayeka, stay here, I've got to
take care of something. [he starts running across the stones
across the pond]

Ayeka: Wait! Tenchi, what is it?  I'll help!

Tenchi-brown: [turns] No!  Stay here.  It's dangerous.

Ayeka: That's why I want to help!

Tenchi-brown: [shakes head] Please stay, you'll just be in
the way if you come.  [looks down then continues running]

Ayeka: [clutching her hands against her chest, she speaks
softly] Just in the way ... [she starts to shake] Tenchi ...

[She shakes her head and turns to run after Tenchi.]


********************
  End Episode 1x03
  Children Of Jurai
********************

Author's Notes:

     Okay, explanations, explanations.  This is actually the
first half of the third episode that I wrote, but it turned
out to be 25 pages, three times longer than the first
episode, so I cut it in half just to maintain consistency.
I've already written the next part, and it just needs to be
looked over once more before I post it, but I figure I'll
still put in a few notes here in case I run into a problem
and can't post the next part for a while.
     Concerning Ryouko, she's very confused at the moment,
and I'm trying to show that by having her do things she
normally doesn't.  In the last episode, she did something
VERY unusual and this episode is the reaction.  At the end
of next episode, I'll resolve some of this and she'll go,
more or less, back to normal.  But other things will be
wrong, and that's for future episodes to deal with.
     Eventually I'll get into the REAL reason I started this
series, but until then, you'll have to deal with all this
crazy situation, nearly OOC stuff.  With any luck, it'll get
better. :)

    Hey, if you get this far, please send me an e-mail at
Tempest@mail.com. I'd really like to know if anyone is reading this or
not.

     "Tenchi Muyou! Ryo-ohki" was created by Masaki
Kajishima and was originally distributed by Pioneer and AIC.
Translation and publication in North America was done by the
Pioneer Entertainment corporation. This story, while
containing elements that are under copyright, are copyright
c 1996-2000 by Tempest Creations. All right reserved.

Adam Leigh
Tempest@mail.com
http://dogbert.simplenet.com/Tempest