********************
  Children Of Jurai

[We see Tenchi running through the trees.]

Tenchi: [thought] Dammit, why can't you stay out of trouble
for just one day, Ryouko?  I wish I didn't have this
pathetic urge to save you every three seconds.

[We see Washuu and Sasami running through the trees.  Washuu
has her arm held in front of her, watching the display on
her watch.]

Washuu: It's not far now!

Sasami: Are you sure we're going the right way?

Washuu: Positive!

[We see Ryouko struggling on the ground against a large
metal staple while Garfilus standing beside her.]

Garfilus: Quit struggling, that was designed specifically to
trap you.

Ryouko: Who ARE you?  Why are you doing this?

Garfilus: I am Garfilus Syn, and quite frankly, I'm doing
this because I've been paid to.  Nothing personal, although
the challenge of capturing the great Demon of Jurai was
somewhat pleasing.

Ryouko: Haven't you heard, Gar?  You can't collect the
bounty on me anymore! Stature of Limitations and all that
nonsense.

Garfilus: Oh, I'm not doing this for the Galaxy Police.
Someone ELSE wants you.

Ryouko: Oh yeah, and who might that be?

Garfilus: Someone very powerful, and very influential.  But
I'm not so foolish as to speak his name.

Ryouko: I dunno, you look like a fool to me.

Garfilus: You forget, I'm not the one pinned to the ground.

Ryouko: Neither am I!

[Ryouko makes a fist and generates her energy sword and
swipes it across her chest, cutting the metal staple in
half.  Garfilus steps back then raises his gun just in time
for it to block Ryouko's swipe downwards, cutting the weapon
in half.  The pieces fall to the ground and spark.]

Ryouko: Not so tough now without your fancy gun.

Garfilus: I haven't even begun.

*********************************************************
Children Of Jurai
Episode 4:
"The Energy Wanes;
Is There Only Room For One?"

By Adam Leigh
*********************************************************

[The same scene.  Garfilus lunges at her and tackles her
down to the ground.  Ryouko tries to generate her sword and
slash him but when she tries he grabs her arms and pins them
to the ground.  He kneels on her legs and holds her down.]

Ryouko: You've got me now, but what are you going to do?

Garfilus: What do you mean?

Ryouko: You don't have any arms left, you can't even tie me
up!

Garfilus: Heh ... you think me a fool.

Ryouko: You haven't proven me wrong yet.

[Garfilus whistles and a glowing metal disc flies down from
the sky and lands beside him.  He pulls Ryouko's arms to her
sides as the disc sprouts legs like a spider.  It climbs
under Garfilus and clamps down on Ryouko the flies a few
feet into the air, holding Ryouko.]

Garfilus: Still think me a fool?

Tenchi-brown: Aaaahhhh!!!!

[Garfilus looks to the right, startled, in time to see
Tenchi-brown barreling towards him and slamming right into
Garfilus' gut.  The two fly off and land on the ground a few
feet off.]

Ryouko: Tenchi!

[Tenchi-brown and Garfilus begin grappling on the ground.
Ryouko tries struggling against the spider-like device.]

Ryouko: Let go of me you piece of scrap!

[The disc crackles with energy then shocks Ryouko who
screams out.  After a moment she grows limp in the device's
arms.  Tenchi-brown looks up from struggling with Garfilus
to see Ryouko.]

Tenchi-brown: Ryouko!

[Garfilus uses the distraction to pull out a small device
that looks like a cattle prod and pokes Tenchi-brown who
begins screaming in pain.  He flies a few feet back and
lands in front of the now unconscious Ryouko.  His chest
smokes mildly and he cringes in pain.]

Garfilus: Who the hell are you?  Why are you interfering
with my bounty?

Tenchi-brown: I'll ... never let you ... have Ryouko...

Garfilus: Why is that?

[Tenchi-brown is silent except for a few moans to pain.
Garfilus grits his teeth and pokes the stick into Tenchi
again.]

Tenchi-brown: AARRGGHHHH! [thought] More ... I need more
energy to beat him!

[We see Washuu's laboratory and the two cylinders resting
within.  Tenchi-black, still unconscious, begins crackling
with energy suddenly and he screams out just like Tenchi-
brown was.  The machines around the cylinders begin flashing
wildly.]

[Back to the forest.  Tenchi-brown is still writhing in
pain.  His teeth are clenched as he reaches down and grabs
the stick and pulls it out of Garfilus' hand.  He tosses it
aside, breathing deeply, his clothing smoking heavily.  He
clenches his fists and moves to stand between Garfilus and
the device holding Ryouko.  Behind him, Ryouko sirs slightly
and weakly lifts her head to look.]

Ryouko: [weakly] Tenchi...

Garfilus: Why do you suffer for this demon?  She can't
possibly mean anything to you, can she?

[Behind Ryouko, the trees rustle and Ayeka pokes her head
out.  She looks down and sees the small cattle prod-like
device.  She picks it up and sneaks up behind the disc
device.]

Tenchi-brown: She is not a demon, and she means a lot to me.
You'll only take her from me over my dead body.

[Ryouko's eyes widen and she gasps slightly.  Behind her,
Ayeka has a similar reaction.]

Garfilus: Very well, toss your life away.  You must know you
don't stand a chance.  I've got your girl captured, you're
without a weapon, and there is one around for at least a
mile.

Tenchi-brown: I'll still fight you, for her sake.

Garfilus: [smiles] I was hoping you'd say that.

[He reaches into his coat and pulls out a black cylindrical
object, about a foot in length, with four finger loops on
one side of it.  He slides his fingers into the loops and
grips the object as a white crystal grows from one end of
the cylinder into a long sword.  In the sparse light from
above, the blade glitters like stars.]

Garfilus: [brandishes the blade] Ready to die?

[Tenchip-brown gets a serious look and stares Garfilus down.
Behind him, Ayeka creeps up to Ryouko and jabs the device in
her hand into the disc holding Ryouko.  The two machines
react violently then both grow still and begin to smoke.
The disc crashes to the ground then releases it's grip on
Ryouko.  She rolls out of it's grasp and Ayeka goes over to
her.  Tenchi and Garfilus look back at them.]

Ryouko: [weakly reaching out] Tenchi...

Tenchi-brown: Ayeka!

Ayeka: Be careful, Tenchi!  [she starts dragging Ryouko off]

Tenchi-brown: Looks like you won't be collecting today.

Garfilus: I'll just chase her down again, after I'm done
with you.

[He jumps forward with his sword, slashing down at Tenchi-
brown.  Tenchi-brown jumps to the side just in time to miss
the blade, although a piece of his shirt is cut.  Tenchi-
brown glances down at it and a look of realization crosses
his face.  Garfilus looks over at Tenchi with an evil grin.]

Garfilus: Won't be long now. [he jumps at Tenchi again]

[We see Ayeka carrying Ryouko through the woods.  Ryouko
looks battered, while Ayeka has an annoyed expression on her
face.]

Ayeka: Why am I even bothering saving you?  I should just
leave you behind.

Ryouko: Princess ... we have to go back ... for Tenchi...

Ayeka: And what are YOU going to do if we go back?  You're
in no condition to fight...

Ryouko: Have to ... help Tenchi...

Ayeka: What you have to do is lose some weight, carrying you
is hard work.

Sasami: Sister!

[Ayeka looks up as Washuu and Sasami run up to them.]

Ayeka: Sasami! Washuu! What are you doing here?

Washuu: We're looking for Tenchi.  He's been draining energy
from the other Tenchi, if it keeps up, he'll kill him.

Sasami: What happened to Ryouko?

Ayeka: There's some guy after her and he's fighting with
Tenchi right now!

Washuu: Oh no!

Sasami: What's wrong?

Washuu: If that Tenchi was drawing that much energy with
just everyday actions, he may draw even more in combat.

Sasami: Which means...

Washuu: Ayeka! Where is Tenchi?

Ayeka: Back that way, not very far, I'll show you.  [she
puts down Ryouko] Sasami, stay with Ryouko.

Sasami: [nods] Alright.

Washuu: Quickly!

[Ayeka nods and runs off with Washuu in close pursuit.]

[The battle site.  Tenchi-brown jumps out of the way just in
time as Garfilus cuts down a tree with his sword.  Tenchi-
brown leans against a tree while holding his arm, obviously
cut badly as his hand is red and he's dripping blood down
his arm.  As Garfilus turns towards Tenchi-brown, Washuu and
Ayeka run up to the battle area.]

Ayeka: Tenchi!

Garfilus: [glances over at Washuu and Ayeka] Where are all
these people coming from?  Don't tell me they're all here to
protect Ryouko.

Tenchi-brown: [struggling] We ... all care about Ryouko ...

Garfilus: I may have been seriously misinformed.

Tenchi-brown: Going to ... give up now?

Garfilus: Hardly!  Just a little annoyed that my target had
more affiliates than I'd been informed of.

Washuu: Tenchi!  You've got to stop!

Tenchi-brown: I'm ... not done yet!

Washuu: If you keep this up, you'll kill the other Tenchi!

Tenchi-brown: If I don't ... fight this guy ... he'll go
after Ryouko.

Washuu: If you DO fight this guy, Tenchi will die!

Tenchi-brown: Who cares ... he certainly doesn't!  He's
practically ... giving me this energy.  He's a spineless ...
jerk who never ... appreciated what he had.  Well I DO
appreciate it ... I'm not giving it up!

Washuu: But he IS you!

Tenchi-brown: No! He isn't! He's someone else!  He's what I
could have been!  I'm better than him!

Washuu: You can't make that choice for him!  If you choose
to let him die for your own gain you don't deserve to be
called Tenchi!

[Tenchi-brown's eyes widen.]

Ayeka: Tenchi!

Garfilus: If you don't mind, we're in the middle of a fight
here.

[Garfilus lunges forward at Tenchi-brown, swinging high with
his sword, as the whole scene seems to slow down.  Tenchi-
brown looks up slowly, paralyzed with indecision as the
blade inches closer to his head.  He starts to move but it's
obvious he's started too late.  The blade is just about to
strike him when a blue bolt of energy strikes the sword out
of the way, making it land to the side of Tenchi-brown as he
leaps away.]

Garfilus: What the... [he looks]

Washuu: [points] Look!

[Garfilus' jaw drops as a large hulking blue mecha drops
(literally) out of the sky and lands with a thud nearby.]

Garfilus: More people?!

Mihoshi: [amplified] This is the Galaxy Police!  Garfilus
Syn, put your weapon down and hands behind your head!

Ayeka & Washuu: [sim] MIHOSHI?!

Garfilus: Damned Galaxy Police! [he points to the sky]

[Another mecha, this one red, descends through the canopy of
the trees and hovers above Garfilus.]

Red Mecha: Your ship has been disabled, give it up,
Garfilus.

Garfilus: [looks down at Tenchi, who's lying face down on
the ground beside him] Another time, kid.

[Garfilus starts to run off, as he takes one step the Red
Mecha fires in front of him, making a crater where he was
about to step.  He sweatdrops and looks up at the Mecha
nervously.]

Red Mecha: Take another step, give me a reason to shoot you.

[Garfilus smiles apprehensively and throws his sword aside
and lays down on the ground.]

Red Mecha: Mihoshi! Arrest him.

Mihoshi: Right away!

[Mihoshi starts walking towards Garfilus in her Mech.  As
she steps over the stump that Garfilus made out of a tree
earlier, her foot gets caught and she trips, falling
forwards.]

Mihoshi: Aaahhh!!!

Garfilus: AAAAAAAAHHH!

[The Mech lands with a thud ... on top of Garfilus.]

Mihoshi: Oops!

Red Mecha: Mihoshi! What did you do!

[Mihoshi rolls off of Garfilus and we see that he's been
flattened to the ground and has been knocked silly.  Mihoshi
sweatdrops.]

Garfilus: Gnnnhh....

Washuu: [runs over to Tenchi-brown] Tenchi? Can you hear me?

Ayeka: What's wrong, Washuu?

Washuu: [pulls out a device and waves it over Tenchi-brown]
He's really weak, we need to get him back to my lab.

Ayeka: If he's this bad, what about the other Tenchi?

Washuu: [looks serious] We need to hurry.

Red Mecha: I'll help you.

[Ayeka and Washuu look up as the Red Mecha lands beside
them.  The chest piece swings down and the head lifts up to
reveal a woman in a Galaxy Police outfit with long blue hair
being held back by a yellow headband.]

Woman: I can fly you over to the house.  Mihoshi has told me
all about you.

Ayeka: Um, thank you Miss.

Woman: No problem, and you can call me Kiyone.

[The head and chest pieces close up again and the mech holds
out it's arms.  Washuu and Ayeka climb on, carrying Tenchi-
brown.  The Mech takes off and flies up back through the
trees.]

[We see the exterior of the Masaki house as Kiyone flies her
Mech down and lands by the front door.  Washuu and Ayeka
jump down and rush Tenchi-brown into the house.  They rush
towards Washuu's door and just before they get there it
swings open and Tenchi-black steps out.  Washuu and Ayeka
skid to a stop in front of him.]

Tenchi-black: Hi!

Ayeka: Tenchi!

Washuu: What are you doing up?  You shouldn't' have enough
energy to even walk!

Tenchi-black: Actually, I feel fine.

[Washuu and Ayeka look quizzically at each other.]

[Washuu's laboratory.  We see Tenchi-brown resting in one of
the cylinders with Washuu, Ayeka, Sasami, Ryouko, and Tenchi-
black standing around it.  Washuu is periodically checking a
holographic screen beside her.  Tenchi-brown is looking very
frail, his skin actually turning a light shade of gray.]

Ayeka: Washuu, isn't there something you can do?

Washuu: Like I said before, I don't even understand how this
link is working, I can't control it at all. [softer] The
energy is simply leaving his body.  There's nothing I can
do.

Ryouko: [turns to Tenchi-black] What about you?  How are you
feeling?

Tenchi-black: I was feeling really bad before, like I was
very tired.  Then, all of a sudden, I felt great, like I was
more awake than I'd ever been.

Washuu: [nods] The machines here recorded the whole thing.
You were consistantly losing energy as this Tenchi was
drawing it out of you, then, about the same time as he
started fighting Garfilus, you lost a lot of energy and for
second, it looked as if you'd lost all your energy.  Then,
it suddenly spiked and all this energy came flowing back
into you, higher than the first time I'd scanned you.

Ayeka: When did that happen?

Washuu: [looks down] About the same time I told him he
wasn't Tenchi.

Ayeka: Why would he do that?  It didn't seem like he cared.

Washuu: Maybe, somewhere deep inside, he liked being Tenchi,
and was appalled at the idea that he no longer might be.

Ayeka: But he IS Tenchi, right?

Washuu: He is the result of that accident that duplicated
time, and by all physical rights, he is just as much Tenchi
as this one.  But ...

Ryouko: But?

Washuu: Well, he was hiding it somehow, so I didn't pick it
up until right now.  But there were a couple of
inconsistencies in his energy pattern, that might have been
the influence of an ... exterior force.

Ryouko: An exterior force?

Washuu: Something that might have been pulled into our world
during the accident.

Ayeka: What could have been pulled into our world?

Washuu: You see, there are a lot of layers to the universe,
and there are beings that exist in every layer.  Time is
really just another layer, just like every other.  When my
experiment duplicated time, it could have created an opening
for something to come through into our layer.  I think
something like that happened, and went into that Tenchi.

Ryouko: So what are you saying?  That he was possessed?

Washuu: No, it's just speculation, all my data from the
event was lost, I can't be sure.  But there were some
oddities in Tenchi's energy signature that could have been
created by such an entity.

Ryouko: So what are we supposed to do?

Washuu: Nothing.

Ryouko: Nothing!?

Ayeka: Do you mean you're just going to let him die?

Washuu: There's nothing more we can do, nothing I've found
can control this link between the two Tenchis and I can't
introduce energy into the system.  It's just too late.

Ryouko: That's impossible! You claim to be the greatest
scientist in the universe and you can't save him?

Washuu: Ryouko, sometimes there's nothing you can do.

Ryouko: I don't be--

[Tenchi-black walks between Ryouko and Washuu to lean over
the cylinder and look at Tenchi-brown.  Everyone watches.]

Tenchi-black: [whispers] Tenchi?

[Tenchi-brown moves ever so slightly and his eyes slowly
open.]

Tenchi-brown: Nn...

Tenchi-black: What's wrong?

Tenchi-brown: Nnnn ... nnnnot ... Ten - Tennnchii...

Tenchi-black: Yes you are, just like me.

Tenchi-brown: nnnoo... you better

Tenchi-black: I know you're doing this on purpose.  Stop it.

Tenchi-brown: [turns head slowly] No...

Tenchi-black: You're killing yourself, I don't need all
this, take some back.

Tenchi-brown: yyouu neeeddd...

Tenchi-black: Heh, I feel like I can lift a bus, trust me, I
don't need it.

Tenchi-brown: youurrr... stubbornn...

Tenchi-black: That's right.

Tenchi-brown: [looks back at Tenchi-black] Jussst ... like
mme.

Tenchi-black: [frowns] We can both live.

Tenchi-brown: Nnno ... we can't... [pause] you were ...
right...

Tenchi-black: About what?

Tenchi-brown: can't ... choose ... I tried to ... change
things ... be stronger... still ... couldn't decide... need
to take ... different approach...

Tenchi-black: A different approach, what do you mean?

Tenchi-brown: figure ... it out ... for yourself ...
[smiles]

Tenchi-black: I didn't want to be right.

Tenchi-brown: Arggg [clenches teeth in pain] ... come ...
closer...

Tenchi-black: [leans closer] What is it?

[Tenchi-brown whispers into Tenchi-black's ear.  When he's
done, he sighs deeply and closes his eyes.  Tenchi-black
stands up straight again and looks down at Tenchi-brown.
Washuu looks over at her console and frowns.]

Washuu: The link between you two has been broken.

[Ryouko turns away the flies off into the darkness and
teleports.  Sasami grabs Ayeka and starts crying into her
robes.  Ayeka holds Sasami and guides her away from the
area, towards the door back to the house.  We can see Ayeka
is tearing as she turns away.  Washuu puts her hand on
Tenchi's back as she looks down into the cylinder.]

Washuu: You're the only Tenchi now.

Tenchi: That's what he said I've always been.

Washuu: [raises an eyebrow] Sure took an long time to say
that.

Tenchi: It wasn't the only thing he said.

Washuu: You know, he really was the stronger of you two.

Tenchi: [looks to Washuu] What do you mean?

Washuu: He controlled the energy link the entire time.  When
he wanted the power, he had it, but even when you
desperately wanted to give him the energy, he wouldn't take
it.

Tenchi: [turns away] He did what I would have done.

[Tenchi walks away from the cylinders and into the darkness.
Washuu looks down at the cylinder.]

Washuu: I'm sorry.

[The area around the cylinders glows and they sink into the
darkness.  Washuu stands still for a moment more, before
turning and walking away.]

[Morning.  The sun's rays shine onto the table in the eating
area of the Masaki house where Ayeka and Nobuyuki are
sitting.  Ayeka is sipping her tea while Nobuyuki is reading
his newspaper.  Nobuyuki folds up his newspaper.]

Nobuyuki: Well, I'm off to work.  Thank you for the tea,
Ayeka.

Ayeka: It's nothing, father.  [she smiles and picks up his
cup and brings it into the kitchen.  Nobuyuki picks up his
bag and walks out of the front of the house.]

[The roof of the house.  Ryouko is lying there watching the
sun rise.  Ryo-ohki is lying beside her.  Ryouko sighs and
looks to Ryo-ohki.]

Ryouko: Another morning.

[A high pitched whine is heard from the sky.  Ryouko looks
up to see a large white ship sailing out of the sky at an
incredible speed.  She watches as the ship continues at it's
speed until it strikes the lake, sending a tidal wave of
water spreading out from the center.]

Ryouko: Hm, Mihoshi's back.

Ryo-ohki: Myaa! [nods]

[We see the front of the Masaki house.  Nobuyuki is standing
out front with his bag, soaking wet, with a couple of fish
flopping around beside him.  He sighs and turns and goes
back into the house.  He leaves his shoes at the foyer and
walks up the stairs.  When he gets to the top he meets
Tenchi, who was on his way down.]

Tenchi: `Morning Dad!  Mihoshi's back, huh?

Nobuyuki: Uh-huh...

[Nobuyuki continues past him and into his room.  Tenchi
walks down the stairs and heads towards the kitchen.  He
passes the table where Ayeka is sitting.]

Tenchi: Good morning, Ayeka.

Ayeka: Good morning, Tenchi. Um, Tenchi?

Tenchi: [stops and turns to Ayeka] Hmm?

Ayeka: I was wondering ... do .. do you ... how are you
feeling?

Tenchi: I'm feeling better.

Ayeka: Oh... that's good.

Tenchi: Is something wrong?

Ayeka: Um ... no.

Tenchi: Okay. [continues into the kitchen]

Mihoshi: [distant] Waaahhhh!

Kiyone: [distant] Damn it Mihoshi!

[Kiyone and Mihoshi walk up to the sliding glass door
dripping with water.  Mihoshi shakes off some of the water
and peals off her coat, ringing it dry.  Kiyone pulls off
her hat, causing a significant amount of water to fall out,
and tosses it aside with her jacket.  They walk into the
house and sit at the table with Ayeka.]

Ayeka: Good morning Mihoshi, Officer Kiyone.

Kiyone: Good morning.  You know don't have to call me
`officer', Kiyone will be fine.

Ayeka: Okay, Kiyone.  So, are you Mihoshi's new partner?  We
didn't get a chance to talk last time you were here.

Kiyone: Actually... I'm sort of an old partner of Mihoshi's.
[grumbles] Not that I like it any...

Mihoshi: Oh yeah!  Kiyone used to be my partner in the
Galaxy Police before I came to Earth, but one day she
disappeared and I couldn't find her anywhere.

Ayeka: Oh, my.

Mihoshi: But it turned out she was doing undercover work and
I wasn't supposed to know about it, but when I went back to
headquarters they told me the good news!

Kiyone: That depends on how you look at it.

Mihoshi: She was chasing after that Garfilus Syn guy for a
while and when the Galaxy Police found out that he was
heading to earth, they partnered Kiyone with me again!
We're such a team, we caught him right away!

Kiyone: No thanks to you!  You nearly killed him with your
combat suit and `right away' is relative, we did end up
going to those other planets first because "someone" messed
up the Navmaps before we launched.  It's only luck that he
was still here when we arrived.

Ayeka: Oh, so that's where you've been for the past few
weeks.

Mihoshi: Yup!  And you know the best part?

Kiyone: No, don't say it again.

Mihoshi: We did such a great job, the Captain decided to
pair us up permanently again!

Kiyone: [pulls on her hair] Aaahhggg!

[The kitchen.  Tenchi is preparing some toast while drinking
a cup of orange juice.  He glances out the window in the
kitchen and sees Ryouko sitting outside with Ryo-ohki.  He
turns away and thinks for a moment, then walks off.]

[We see Ryouko sitting on the ground with Ryo-ohki on her
lap.  Ryo-ohki is nuzzling against Ryouko when suddenly she
looks up and hops away.  Ryouko looks after her and sees her
hop past Tenchi, who's standing behind her.]

Tenchi: Hi Ryouko.

Ryouko: [turns back] Hi.

Tenchi: [looks down then walks over to sit beside Ryouko]
You feeling okay?

Ryouko: [slightly irritated] Well, it's about time YOU asked
me that.  Everyone's been asking me that lately.

Tenchi: Oh... so ARE you?  Feeling okay, that is?

Ryouko: [looks at Tenchi, then glances around] I think so.

Tenchi: You're much more mild these days than you used to
be.

Ryouko: [looks up] I've been feeling ... different, about
things lately. [pause]  If you don't li-

Tenchi: I like it.

[Ryouko's face lights up but then she starts to tear.]

Tenchi: [worried] Ryouko, what's wrong?

Ryouko: [wipes her tears then hugs Tenchi] Nothing's wrong.
I'm just ... happy.

[Tenchi's eyebrows raise, then he smiles.]

********************
  End Episode 1x04
  Children Of Jurai
********************

Author's Notes:

     Okay, this turned into quite the uber-darkfic there,
definitely much darker than the usual Tenchi style, so I've
tried to balance it with some light-hearted scenes near the
end.  It's hardly enough, but this is a good example of the
turn this series is going to take.  Sure there will be
lighthearted episodes, but most of them will be serious as I
push the characters towards an end that will, doubtless, be
heartbreaking for at least one of the characters.  I plan to
make a match here, but, unfortunately, before you can create
a relationship, you have to break one first.

     I don't know what I'm going to be doing next, I've been
on a roll with this series, pretty much stagnant on the
sequel to His Blood Still Cries and Shadows Under Starlight.
I've been getting mail about Shadows and I want everyone to
know that I hear you, but now that I've been away from it
for a while, I've noticed some problems so I'm doing a plot
rewrite after the current episode.  In a stroke of irony,
I've had episode 10 done for a while, but I don't want to
release it until episodes 8 and 9 are done, even though they
have no impact on number 10, it just doesn't seem right.  I
dunno, I'll have to sort things out here.

     Again, I ask that if you've gotten this far, drop me an
e-mail at Tempest@mail.com so I have a clue if anyone is
actually reading my stuff. ^_^

     "Tenchi Muyou! Ryo-ohki" was created by Masaki
Kajishima and was originally distributed by Pioneer and AIC.
Translation and publication in North  America was done by
the Pioneer Entertainment corporation. This story, while
containing elements that are under copyright, are copyright
(c) 1996-2000 by Tempest Creations. All right reserved.
