Kyler Phillips
kylerp@usa.net
I choose Aeka The conclusion
the end of the Aeka Version

First as always all characters belong to pioneer and any one else I
don't know about and secondly I ain't making a dime of this so don't
sue. I created Makina if you want to use her that is fine if you credit
me with her

This continues the I choose Aeka time line

Tenchi Muyo I choose Aeka: The conclusion

Ryoko cursed loudly she knew that Azusa did not like Tenchi but she
didn't think he would hire someone to kill him she had to get to the
palace to warn him but the guards had already made it clear that they
would not let her in and she had promised Tenchi that she wouldn't use
her powers to hurt anyone she told Ryo-oikki to watch Tenchi till she
could figure out how to get to him.

Makina watched from the shadows while Tenchi and Aeka left for their
morning walk around the gardens tonight he would die she was looking
forward to killing him after all he controlled the light hawk wings the
power that her kind hated after all her kind had hunted down everyone of
the previous wielders and now their were only two mortals who possessed
that power. She could not wait until tonight Azusa and his wives were
leaving for a diplomatic meeting and since Sasami and Aeka were going
with them most of the guards would have the night off and she would kill
Tenchi and then track down Ryoko and destroy her and the gems she smiled
soon little prince soon.

After Aeka and her family had left Tenchi sat quietly thinking he did
care about Aeka and did want to spend his life with her but he found
himself hating the life of a jurian prince with a passion he was about
to head in from the garden when a woman dressed in a black bodysuit and
had wild black hair and demonic glowing red eyes Tenchi asked "who are
you and what do you want" "My name is Makina" Tenchi felt sick never had
he felt such evil in a voice "and I want to kill you with this" she held
out her hand and a hole opened in the ground fire shot up forming a
blade Tenchi thought what kind of a sword is that "I know what you are
Thinking little prince this is the demon fire sword also guess what the
light hawk sword is useless in it's presence" Tenchi not believing her
attempted to summon it and it did not even flicker into existence she
laughed wickedly and began to approach the powerless Tenchi when
suddenly a voice said good thing my sword still works Tenchi saw Ryoko
their in her red battle suit as Ryoko and Makina fought Tenchi was
trying to figure out how to help Ryoko when suddenly Ryoko sword began
to flicker "oh my dear Ryoko I should have mentioned that your gems are
the same as Tenchi's power they could be used for a while but in my
presence they stop working as well now the two of you die" just then
Tsunami appeared and said that she would not allow Tenchi or her niece
to die Ryoko gaped Washu and Tsunami were sisters Makina laughed "oh
Tsunami I guess you will die to" Makina began to chant and the demon
fire sword turned in to a large ball of fire she then said "and your
world as well" with that Tenchi, Ryoko and Tsunami were gone as well as
Juri. At the Royal conference Sasami screamed and fell over dead while
the royal tree ship suddenly exploded Azusa looked around worried while
Aeka, Misaki, and Funoho tried desperately to revive Sasami suddenly a
door way opened and the adult Washu and Yosho stepped out "Please miss
Washu bring Sasami back" Misaki begged Washu said sadly "I can't bring
her Tenchi Ryoko and everyone else who died because of you Azusa" the
last words were a snarl Azusa said "How Dare you" Yosho cut him off
saying "Your assassin was stopped by Ryoko and Tsunami's interference so
in retaliation she destroyed Juri and them with it" Azusa paled "she was
only supposed to kill Tenchi not destroy everything" All three of the
women who had been crying over Sasami looked up in horror but before
they could do any thing Washu said enjoy the rest of your life in
subspace Azusa with that she sent him into alternate space time then
turned and said come on Aeka we've got to get to the Cronometric
Regulator Kiyone and Mihoshi are already there and waiting" "what are we
going to do Washu" Washu smiled "change the past so no one dies"

As the doorway closed behind Aeka, Yosho and Wahuu what they saw shocked
them "what happened" Aeka screamed the lab was in ruins the bodies of
Kyone and Mihoshi were lying guns drawn next to the burnt husk of the
chronometric regulator "Who did this" Washuu said "show yourself." "I
did Washuu it seems the gems can't be destroyed until you die I really
didn't know your daughter had it in her to teleport an entire world out
of the boundaries of normal space and time." "What are you talking
about" Aeka demanded "Simple princess Ryoko pulled Juri and everyone on
it to this plane and left me in outer space she thought I would die."
"But what about Sasami why did she die if Tsunami is still alive" Washuu
asked Sasami still lives though in a deep sleep until Ryoko returns Juri
to it's proper place but once you die she will lose all her power and I
will have won" her evil laughter could be heard everywhere in the lab.

"Ryoko" it was her mother's voice "what" she said back over their mind
link "you must teleport Juri back why Just do it oh and I love you" it
dawned on her what Washuu was planning she thought back "I love you to
mom good luck" with that she sent Juri back to it's proper place.

"No" Makina screamed but it was to late Yosho and Aeka disappeared and
Washuu was pushing a button on her shadow laptop as the dimension faded
from view and they remained trapped forever.

Sasami sat up but before she could talk Misaki had her in an incredibly
tight hug.

Tenchi said  goodbye to Ryoko and he and his Bride lived happily
everafter

the end

I know that was rather disappointing but I am tired of the Aeka version
and wanted to finish as fast as I could
