First as always all characters belong to pioneer and any one else I
don't know about and secondly I ain't making a dime of this so don't
sue.

This story is one of two  follow ups to who do I choose I got the bright
idea to satisfy both the Aeka and Ryoko fans by doing two stories one
for Aeka and one for Ryoko.


Tenchi Muyo I choose Ryoko

"I choose Ryoko, I am sorry miss Aeka but to me your just a good friend"
Aeka hearing this ran out crying instead of following her Tenchi
surprised Ryoko by picking her up and carrying her into  his room he
said "we need to talk for one thing stop being so controlling let me
make my own decisions or this want work out" Ryoko only nodded and said
"so what do you want to do lets eat breakfast and then after that go for
a walk" Tenchi asked Ryoko who was just overjoyed and said yes Aeka was
not seen at breakfast and while Tenchi was concerned he decided that if
he went after looking for her it would make things worse he decide that
if and when she was ready she would talk but he had hurt them both far
to much by not choosing and he was determined to make his life with
Ryoko work. Aeka was crying at the base of Funoho when her brother
approached "what is wrong Aeka" "Tenchi doesn’t love me he choose that
demon witch over me" she cried Yosho thought so the boy choose Ryoko
wonder how father will attempt to use this against Tenchi He asked "Aeka
have you informed our parents" "yes" she said "why do you look so
concerned about that" he said "because you know father does not like
tenchi so he may use this to strike at him" Aeka was horrified she was
sure her father would never do something like that but a nagging voice
in her head said sure he would she shoved the thought aside and walked
slowly to the house she needed to make peace with Tenchi before she left
when she got their he had already gone on a walk with Ryoko but had left
her a note saying that he was sorry and should have chosen long ago and
saved everybody the heart break please forgive me she sighed and said
well at least he is happy and who knows if it doesn't work out with
Ryoko.

As the weeks passed Ryoko and Tenchi became closer and closer he was
amazed at how much more to her there was compared to the side he saw
when she was competing with Aeka yes he thought I definitely choose the
right woman he had already given her back her gems and was amazed at how
much more power she had she at least matched him now maybe surpassed him
in some aspects. He awoke to find her side of the bed empty she was at
the window looking out she said Aeka and Sasami's ride is here lets go
say our good-byes Tenchi only nodded but what greeted them was not what
they expected Yosho and the adult version of Washuu were arguing with
Emperor Azusa he said "My decision is final Ryoko is hereby banished
from all Juri controlled space she has one week to go Aeka Sasami come
on we are leaving" as the ship left Ryoko was crying and she teleported
away Tenchi had Ryo-oikki take him to her she was in the cave she had
been inprisioned in for 700 years crying he Tenchi said "it will be
allright you'll see" she said "no it won't I love you and I going to
loose you" Tenchi hugged her and said "no you won't because I am going
with you and don't say anything remember your promise to let me make my
own decisions a few days later as they left in Ryo-oikki Tenchi said at
least life won't be dull.


To be continued...

So what do you think of my second attempt at writing fan fiction in my
opinion it is better than my first also I have my own website where I
will post my fics two as well as here if you want to read more of my
fics on other serise come on by address is www.maxpages.com/fanfiction

story is copyright kyler phillips 1998
