Kyler Phillips
kylerp@usa.net
I choose Ryoko: Aterlan
The third in the Ryoko Timeline

First as always all characters belong to pioneer and any one else I
don't know about and secondly I ain't making a dime of this so don't
sue. I did create the planet Atearlan so if you want to use it please
give me credit.

This continues the I choose Ryoko timeline

Tenchi Muyo Atearlan

"Hey Ryoko where are we headed again" Tenchi asked as he lay next to her
she smiled and said "We are heading to the planet Atearlan which is a
peaceful trade world where we can get a fresh start at our new life
together silly" she laughed as he grabbed her and they did not get out
of bed until Ryo-oikki signaled that they were approaching the planet
they got up and went to get dressed and eat something before they
touched down at the space port.

Once they had cleared customs they went to a bank were Ryoko had placed
a small nest egg as she had put it from her pirate days she had said it
was only a small amount since Kagoto had taken most of the money from
her space pirate days but since it had been in the bank for 700 years it
was quiet a substantial amount with the interest enough to live on for
years even after they bought a house on a hill overlooking a lake.
"isn't it lovely Tenchi" Ryoko said as they surveyed their new home
"Miya" Ryo-oikki chimed in her agreement. Tenchi looked around as he
said "yes" Their new home was a cottage with only a small living room, a
bedroom, bath and kitchen outside much to Ryo-oikki's joy he planned to
plant a carrot patch He hadn't even noticed Ryoko moving towards him
until her arms wrapped around him and she purred "what say we go break
in our bedroom" Tenchi laughed and said "why not"

While on the planet Juri Aeka sat alone thinking off Tenchi she wondered
what he was doing Sasami walked up to her and said "You miss him don't
you" it was a statement not a question "Yes" Aeka said Why did he pick
that no good space trash demon slut he should have wed me we were ment
to rule Juri together" "That’s why he picked her" Sasami said gently
"you wanted him to give up his freedom to follow the strict code of Juri
royalty but Ryoko placed no such demands on him" "That is not true" Aeka
screamed Sasami knew she should leave so she said "if you say so." 
After Sasami had left a nagging voice in her head said she's right you
know.

Tenchi busy outside planting carrots under the expectant gaze of
Ryo-oikki chan unknown to him Ryoko watched with a smile on her face
thinking to herself "who ever would have thought Tenchi would pick me I
always feared that he would pick Aeka over me for the first time since I
first encountered Kagoto I am happy"

to be continued

email me with C&C at kylerp@usa.net
