First as always all characters belong to pioneer and any one else I
don't know about and secondly I ain't making a dime of this so don't
sue.

This story is one of two  follow ups to who do I choose I got the bright
idea to satisfy both the Aeka and Ryoko fans by doing two stories one
for Aeka and one for Ryoko.


Tenchi Muyo I choose Aeka

"I choose..." Before Tenchi can finish Sasami yelled that breakfast was
ready so Tenchi seeing a chance to delay the inevitable said "I'll tell
you outside after breakfast they stated to complain but relented and
followed Tenchi downstairs to eat After the quietest Breakfast ever at
the Masiki home Everyone was outside waiting for Tenchi to choose he
took a deep breath and said "I choose Aeka" at that Aeka ran into
Tenchi's arms and said "See miss ryoko lord Tenchi has always loved me"
Ryoko looked at tenchi tears falling down her face and teleported away.

Aeka was so happy her parents were on the way from Juri to attend Their
wedding she was just going on and on about how wonderful it would be
when they would someday rule the great Juri empire together Tenchi
however was not so happy he was worried as to what became of Ryoko no
one had seen her in days and Washuu refused to speak to him for not
interlay true she had told him point blank if her daughter did not still
care about him she would use him as Guinea peg for painful diseases
Ryo-oiki would not go near him either. Mihoshi and Sasami were quite
around him as well he had none Sasami had a crush on him but he never
thought that Mihoshi liked him. The day before the wedding he
encountered Ryoko by the cave that she was imprisoned in she was just
sitting their with a sad look in her eyes Tenchi Walked up and sat down
next to her he said he was sorry he hurt her feelings but all she was to
him was a friend to him she said she was leaving the earth he said he
new but before she left he said he had something to give her on the
condition that she never use them to hurt anyone ever again she swore to
him and them he returned to her the remaining two jewels she thanked him
and went to say her good-byes she told everyone good bye then left in
Ryo-oiki just as she was leaving the royal ship carying emperor Azusa
arrived Misaki ran out and waited as one at a time her daughters ran out
to her screaming mommy! Washuu in her adult from which she had worn
since her daughter left greeted Funaho and Misaki but ignored Azusa
completely after the wedding Azusa announced that Aeka and Tenchi as
well as Sasami would be returning home to Juri Tenchi was about to
object when Azusa said "after all you must learn to be a prince if you
did not want to be king someday you should have married that slut of a
space pirate and" he never got a chance to finish Washuu slapped him and
said that he had best never put her daughter down again or he would
regret it he started to respond when he saw Tenchi and Yosho both were
giving him looks of don't say another word.

After they arrived on Juri Tenchi was in he and Aeka's room he looked at
her and wandered if he made the right decision after all. In the Throne
room Azusa was talking to a sinister looking women who said yes I will
see to it that your daughter is widowed as Azusa laughed he failed to
notice the furry cabbit that sat on the window ledge...

to be continued


So what do you think of my second attempt at writing fan fiction in my
opinion it is better than my first also I have my own website where I
will post my fics two as well as here if you want to read more of my
fics on other serise come on by address is www.maxpages.com/fanfiction

story is copyright kyler phillips 1998