I do not own these characters or create them they are the property of
whoever did I am not making any money off of this work so please don't
sue me.

Tenchi Muyo Announcement

Ryoko was with her mother in her lab(Washu put a link to her lab in
their house so they could go through the lab to visit earth without
Azusa knowing) "Ryoko dear" Washuu continued "You know how you have been
feeling sick lately" "yes" Ryoko replied "your pregnant I am going to be
a grandmother" Washuu stated happily Ryoko was in shock all she could
think about was what was Tenchi's reaction going to be they had talked
about having kids and Tenchi had said he wanted to wait awhile.
After assurances from her mother that Tenchi would overjoyed Ryoko went
to tell him she found him in their house looking at the picture of his
Mother, Ryoko, and Aeka "Tenchi I'm pregnant" Ryoko Blurted out Tenchi
was in shock he knew Ryoko wasn't kidding he smiled and told her "We
better get dad to help her us design a nursery" "your not upset" Ryoko
asked "How could I be upset it is unexpected and will have to adjust but
your going to be a wonderful mother now when should we tell everyone"

Aeka and Sassami arrived through the doorway Washuu had created Yosho,
Noboyuki, Kiyone, and Mihoshi were already there "Well why did you bring
us here" Aeka asked still not completely over the fact that Tenchi
choose the demon woman over her "We have an  announcement to make"
Tenchi stated "Ryoko and I are going to be parents" Aeka was once again
in shock as everyone congratulated Tenchi and Ryoko she just sat their
quietly in shock.  

Azusa was furious when he found out that the royal blood of Juri was to
be mixed with that space trash he thought to himself not if I can help
it he began to look for a reputable assassin he could hire to insure
that the child was never born when he heard "Touch the child and you
die" he turned Tsunami was their in her human form and she was angry
"you can't do anything to me because Sasami would hate you for it" "True
but my sister would kill you and I would not stop her" "your sister who
is your sister" "wouldn't you like to know" her face becoming playful
like Sasami's "Remember my warning Azusa I can take away your power if I
choose to" Azusa thought now how do I deal with this....

To be continued...

As a side note any Ideas for baby names I will take suggestions and
votes on what it should be boy or girl e-mail them to kylerp@usa.net
