
Any and all things will be explained at the end of the fanfic. 

______________________________________________________________________


      Walking in from the darkness. You notice a platform, overlooking the city 
and a woman standing on the edge. From what you can see, her height is standard 
for a human woman. Her hair is in a pony tail starting from the top/back part of 
her head, her ribbon is a emerald with wings on the side. Her bangs reach down 
past her shoulders and from the light of the city you can see her hair is 
colored a rich brown. 

      Turning to you, you see her eyes are a dull gold with a bronze undertone 
to them and her face is dead serious. "So, you have come." she says flatly, and 
turns back to the city. You walk beside her to see the bright lights of night 
time Tokyo, yet something seems wrong. You look toward Tokyo Tower and see that 
your suspicions are right. Two immense trees tower over the tower itself. You 
look down to see other trees, smaller than the first two, are scattered 
throughout the city. With no warning, the woman speaks.

      "Since you came to this world, you must be warned. Everything you know of 
the story of your world doesn't apply here. The good you knew of has been the 
bane of existence and while the evils you knew of have become those who would do 
anything to stop the evil from spreading. Where even the most important people 
can be nothing more that pawns and the insignificant can be the deciding factor 
in countless lives. You have been warned."

      With that, the woman dissapears and you are left alone on the platform. 
Hearing a sound behind you, you turn to see a screen with several familiar names 
on it. Misaki. Ryoko and Washu. Scientists. GP Detectives. Juraian Royalty. 

      Curious, you reach and touch the names "Ryoko and Washu" and then the 
names fade and then the screen goes dark. Even though you see nothing, you can 
almost feel 2 different minds speaking to each other.
 
      "Mama. Are we going to get out today?"
      "Sorry Ryoko-chan. Not yet. But I feel, soon, that we will get out soon."
      "Ok, but I want to see Kagato-oniichan and Minagi-oneechan again. I miss 
them so much."
      "I know Ryoko-chan. I miss them too."

      The screen then returns to the first menu and all the names are still 
there, save for the first name you accessed. Deciding, you touch the button 
marked "Scientists." 

      "Yakage. Get over here, QUICK!" yelled an all too familiar man with pale 
skin, white hair, small nose glasses, and a science officer's robe on. Only this 
time, his skin is burnt a darker tone and his hair in the back is cut to the top 
of his neck and his usually dark demeanor has seen hurt, pain, and anguish, 
along with happiness, compassion, and even love. 

      "What is it Kagato." asked his companion as he walked from his own station 
and observed what Kagato was referring to. "Is this..what I think it is?" he 
asked. The man Yakage, although slightly smaller than Kagato, was no less 
intimidating than his friend. With curly sun-gold hair pushed back, and a scar 
going up along his face, stared at the screen Kagato was referring to. 

      "Yes. It's a subspace rip. And if those legends about the "Lost One" are 
true, then this might be the one." Leaning back in his chair, he looked hopeful, 
something he never did look for a while. "After all this time. If it is true. We 
can be free again." he almost wanted to cry. After so long, living as a slave, 
freedom now seemed so close. 

       Yakage placed a hand on his friend's shoulder "Maybe. But it would be 
wise to find out of it really is. Send out a few of the irregular grunts, 
they'll know what to do." Kagato nodded and did what his companion asked. Then 
the screen went back to the main menu. 

       Wanting to know more, you reach out and touch the "Juraian Royalty" 
button. 

       In the middle of the screen, you see a young woman sleeping in a bed. 
From above, you see her twist and turn in the middle of a nightmare. You can't 
see her face and the darkness prevents you from finding out what she looks like. 
You can hear her cry in her sleep "Oneesama. yamete kudasai. Yamete, o negai." 
then the cries get pregressively worse, until she wakes up screaming. 

       After the scream ends, she reaches over her side and turns on a lamp, 
underneath the lamp, you see a mask. The right eye of the mask seems to be 
covered by a mechanized black plate, the other side appears to be chipped open 
so that the cheek is exposed, but not the mouth. 

         With the nightmare ended, she brings up her knees and her face is 
covered by light blue hair. Stroking her face, she cries "Oneesama, doshite. 
Naze yo." The view pans away and into darkness. 


         Then, a door seemed to be open in the darkness and a figure is standing 
within the boundaries of the doorway. You see an all too familiar woman with 
long, dark emathyst hair and red eyes. The view changes by turning around to see 
what the woman is looking at. It is a circular room, and at the center point of 
the room, is an energy cage, and the captives within shock you. It is 22 
children, of various races, all huddled in the back of the room, quaking, crying 
in fear of the woman holding them hostage. 

         In a mocking tone, the woman speaks "I trust you slept well. and you 
will continue to do so, as long as your parents co-operate. If they don't," she 
paused to smile darkly ",well, everyone has to die someday." Turning, her laugh 
which shows someone pushed over the edge of sanity, can be heard as she exits 
the room. The door closes and several of the children howl in fear, not knowing 
what else to do. 

         About an hour later, the same door opens and this time another figure 
steps in, it is the same woman as before, yet it doesn't seem to be. Everything 
seems to be paler than usual, plus, she seems to have a soft white glow about 
her body. Her face seems worn and tired and she looks in worry at the captives 
within. 
 
         Stepping up to the cage, she passes through it as if they bars were not 
there. Several of the children cry "Go-Okaasama!" and embrace the only person 
that can keep their hopes alive. The woman smiles weakly and embraces as many of 
the children that she can, even though all of them have crowded her place. 
Looking at a few of the children, she speaks with a humbled and tired tone 
"She's been hurting you again, hasn't she?" A few children nodded and showed 
them the scars caused by their parents' defiance. She reached for them and 
embraced as gently as she can, then the white glow about her soon spreads to the 
children with wounds. Within minutes, the wounds have vanished. 

        She laid on her side, exhausted. Looking up at her 'adopted' children, 
smiling weakly. "Don't worry. It's just that I have been getting weaker. And I 
don't know how much longer I've got." several of the children whined in protest, 
but she silenced them gently and continued "But before that happens, you will be 
released. Like I promised you before." Getting up slowly, she walks through the 
bars and takes a last look at the innocent captives of the evil empress before 
going through the door and closing it, making sure that no one knew she was 
there. Should they find out, she wouldn't be able to keep their hope alive. Once 
more, the screen fades out and it returns to the main screen. 

         You see only two buttons left. Deciding you reach and touch the "GP 
Detectives" button. 

         You see a mechanized hand flex it's fingers impatiantly, and flick it's 
wrist this way and that. The view moves away to show a woman with brown skin, 
sky-blue eyes and  shoudler-length, blonde hair. She scowls at her hand and 
growls in a hate-filled voice. "Damn you Tenchi Misaki. IF you weren't dead, 
then I'd kill you again and again. AND AGAIN! AND AGAIN!" she screams. Both of 
her arms seems to be covered in cybernetics, along with her legs, and the sides 
of her face and ears. Yet her face is still human. 

        A door on the other side of the room opens up to show another woman, 
with long dark blue hair and a vicious sneer. "Mihoshi. Keep it down, if you 
keep doing that we'll need to get more replacement part for you. And do you know 
how scarce the materials you need are around here?" Depsite the fact that she is 
physically no different than the one you know, but her memory is filled with 
visions of people she was sent to exterminate for defiances and creating 
brilliant battle strategies for the conquest of countless worlds and systems. 
Holding her head, she still remembers being 'changed'. Genetic alteration may 
not seem painful, but it was for her, having her own personality nearly erased 
and replaced with a heartless, and emotionless killer/brilliant battle 
strategist. 

       Mihoshi stands up and scowls at her companion "Oh shut up Kiyone. It's 
not like the apes here are going to be using them anyway." Kiyone's frown 
deepens and she stomps toward her 'partner'. 

       "Now listen you robo-bitch! I just happen to be one of these people and I 
don't like the fact that you insult me and my race. I don't care about the 
people on this mudball, only the ones who've been in space before Jurai came to 
Earth. So, if you want to fight it out with me on how 'inferior' our race is, 
then let's take it to the Arena." Kiyone seethed with venom only enraging 
Mihoshi more, daring the cyborg to a challange that it would surly lose. 
"Besides. Her Highness' orders have been carried out, and the kid's dead. So you 
don't need to blow a bolt over hating him." With that, she turned around and 
left the room as fast as she came in, evidently madder than when she came in.    

        Shocked at what you saw, you quickly touch the "Misaki" button to find 
an explanation on what they were saying. The screen fades out and all you see is 
darkness for what seems to be an eternity. 

         Then, it shows a middle aged man, evidently tired and worn in the face 
from past events. His black hair is mussed and his glasses nearly fall off his 
face because of the tears that cascade down from his eyes. Pulling away from the 
view, you see that he is sickly thin and appears to not have eaten for a while. 
Behind him, is another women, with black hair, tied in a pony tail in the back 
of her head, she too has the same ragged look as her husband. 

         "Nobu-kun. Doshite? Why did they do it? Why did they do that to my 
little boy?" 
         "Achi-chan. I don't know. I just don't know."

         They both continue to cry while looking at something. Wondering, the 
view turns around to show a small shrine, dedicated to the person in question. 
It is a small shrine dedicated to Tenchi Misaki! Shocked at what you saw, the 
screen fades out, and then it explodes with light, drowning you in it. Beginning 
the story.  

______________________________________________________________________


                         Shiroi Kuma-sama presents
                         Tenchi Muyo: The Dark Side
                         A fanfic by Christian Clark
                         Coming in Summer 1997
                         TM is property of Pioneer LDC and LDCA
                             and whoever created it in the 1st place.

   Any and all questions and/or C&C, please be sent to Khryis@hotmail.com.

Please send C&C, I need to know what you think.


