Dark Power
By Death Dragon

*****************************

Power.  A Syriens call to all.  When used for good, great things prosper
from withen its use.  When used for bad, hopes are crushed and dreams
conquered.  But many people misjudge what that means; good/bad.  The
user is not tested as good or bad untill he *has* the power... A
realatively *good* person, when granted enormous power, can instantly
turn bad, and vice-versa.  The *Power* itself creates the "Alignment"
between Good and Bad.  and this story is one of many proofs that could
happen with Power gone bad.....

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

	I sense it.  I sense the changing in me.  It has always been tugging,
trying to reign supreme.  Ever since I found out and used my Jurian
powers, It has been covering grounds inside of me, each side, the
hormonic and the chaotic, each trying to win against each other.  But I
can not let that happen.  Not now.  Not after all that has come to be.

	I have just saved the universe from a maniac that craves the power that
is now trying to destroy me.  I have lost and gained my friends, been to
space, seen a ghost, seen an intergalactic bathing suit contest, been an
outlaw and fugitive declared across the universe, and seen countless
more things then any mere mortal could, more things then if I had stayed
sheltered as a earth boy working at his families shrine.  But, I wish I
could go back to those simpler times.. Where I was care-free, and this
power wasn't seeking to destroy me.

	I feel the power gaining over me now, and it is a winning... no turning
back now.. it has already won the war......

			*	*	*	*	*	*

	I can not let the others find out of the war happening withen me.

	Washu might know already, As Grandpa will also most likely know.  But
they will not say anything....  they never do.  They believe that I
should and can defeat anything in my path.  It is my fate and destiny. 
But they do not know everything as they seem to think.  As the battle
wreaks havok inside me, and wins more ground for the choas now entering,
I gain more insight on all and everything.  I can see what happens if
the chaos wins.  I know, and I can barely stop it.

			~	~	~	~	~	~

	I wake up and gather my clothes for my working at the carrot patch.  I
can feel the war waged inside of me, but ignore it.  I feel that this
may be my last day here, but I still go on, hoping that I can at least
finish this day out before I am transformed.  Before the Power gains
total control of me.

	Ryo-ohki phases through the door, right on time, and I nod to her,
bringing up a weak smile.  She  is not fooled by it, however, and cocks
her head, looking at me.  She "Miya's" a question, but I can not
understand it.  I am about to tell her just that, before I fall to my
knees, a pain shooting through me more powerful then anything I have
ever felt.  Ryo-ohki jumps back, thens runs towards me, "Miya'ing" with
a touch of fear in her voice.

	I try to tell her to get the others, but she is already gone, looking
for them.  I carefully and slowly get back up to my feet, and start to
stumble to the door; my vision blurred by tears of strain and pain.  My
only hope is maybe Washu can help.  an empty hope, but any hope can help
me now... to drive me on....

			*	*	*	*	*	*

	Aeka and Ryoko?  They will never know, untill its too late.  They will
be preoccupied with trying to fight over who I love.... Ironic, as they
fight for me, and I love neither of them.  I can see this now, with each
moment I gain from the power withen me.  I have always been their
friends, but neither can understand I am just that... they *cannot*
understand, lest they prove they were wrong with their feelings.  I just
wish I could cure them of what I haved caused them, simply for meeting
them.  Maybe I still have time to do so before I am totally engulfed
with this power.

			*	*	*	*	*	*

	The Power is gaining in the fight.....  It has just spread itself
deeper into my conscious and being.  It  is rooting itself, making a
home for itself in my shell, a shell that it chose perfect to inhabit...
and yet, why do I now feel privilaged to be chosen by it?

			~	~	~	~	~	~

	I hear Ryo-ohki as I enter the hallway.  Something is not right; she is
yelling and screaming in pain, and she should have been all the way
downstairs by now.. not this close to the hallway.  I stumble over to
the direction of her voice, which is near the top of the stairs.  As I
approuch, I see something I hope I never have to witness again; dead or
alive.

	Ryo-ohki is suspended above the stairs, being crushed of her life by
the stair railing.  They seemed to come to life, but by what?  Suddenly,
I realize, as if a voice in my head whispers it in my ear .  I realize
that I... no, the Power is doing it, through the extension of me.  I try
to overpower the will of my conscious and the essence of Power withen
it, But fail.  Ryo-Ohki looks down at me, and nods her head, as if
understanding who and what was doing it.  Then she goes limp.

	The stair railing fall back onto their usual places, as if nothing
happened.  Ryo-ohki is dropped onto the second stair, and as I go to
pick her up, she explodes into millions of brown motes that float around
for a second, then disappear.

			*	*	*	*	*	*

	Sasami and Ryo-ohki?  Both innocent and mature, both smart and
intelligent.  But neither one of them could possible understand what is
happening to me now.  They would both have the same feeling; sadness
over what is happening to me, and grief over not being able to help me
save myself.  I could never leave that on anyone, especially those two. 
But they will understand what is happening near my downfall, however. 
That, I know of.  I wish I could stay and help Sasami grow, and be her
big brother, but I sense my time is short, and I can only wish.....

			*	*	*	*	*	*

	The Power has yet again won another front in its war, and is now
rooting deeper into me, into my essence, my soul.  It hopes to root down
deep into my core self, in hopes that I see no chance in fighting and
give up.  But I can not give up, for me and my frien.. *families*
sake...

			~	~	~	~	~	~

	I start to morn for Ryo-Ohki, but realize it will be for naught if I
can't get help in containing me soon, for I have given up hope of saving
myself, and I now realize I must sacrifice myself to contain the Power
withen me from hurting anything and anyone else.

	I run down the stairs in a burst of speed, but by the fourth stair the
pain returns, and I collapse to me feet.  I start to tumble
head-over-heels down the stairs, but I ignore the pain.  Once I land
back-first on the bottem of the stairs, I gather my wits and pick myself
up, with the help of the stair railing.  I start to slowly make my way
outside, as noone seems to be in the house.  I see the rest of them,
*all* of them, outside near the lake.  They seem to be having Breakfast
outside, as it is warmer then usual.

	I burst out the side paper sliding door, and yell for them to come help
me, but I am too far away.  I start to walk/drag my way over to them, as
I feel myself slip into a deep rest...

	I make my way towards them... they seem to be miles farther then they
are.  I use the rest of my energy, picking up my pace and hoping my body
will not fail before I get to them.  My eyelids start to get heavier and
the pain starts to leave my body, but I continue on, for the sake of
everyone, I continue on.

	I am about one hundred feet behind them now, but they are facing
towards the lake, and all my energy is being used to make me move, and I
have none left to yell out anymore.  I continue my pace towards them,
hoping to make it..

			*	*	*	*	*	*

	Mihoshi and Kiyone?  Mihoshi, not a chance.  And Kiyone is too busy
with her misc. Jobs to have *time* to even notice it happening. 
Mihoshi, the bubbleheaded blonde, and Kiyone, the serious badass.... How
I wish I had met them earlier, or at least longer then what I have left
in my time.  They always brought a smile to my face as Kiyone argrued
with Mihoshi, while Mihoshi cried "sorries" out, each looking like they
were not meant to be together in this universe of destiny; that if
anyone else had a misfortune to be partnered up with mihoshi, they would
have killed her or themselfs... but both me and Kiyone knew,  deep
inside, that they really liked each other, and seperation would mean
instant depression of them both.  I am pleasured and honored to say that
they both let me form my own lil niche into there life.

			*	*	*	*	*	*

	The Power has now moved up into my mind, rooting itself in there.  My
mind is the last place for it to absorb withen myself, and it now knows
it has won.  But to pleasure itself further, it plans on driving me
insane.  It controls my mind, and implants false memories into them, sad
and dramatic memories... of my friends dying, of my grandapa and dad
shunning me, of my mom giving me up after finding no love to me.  I know
these are fake, but my minds makes me believe that they are true, and I
act as it.

			~	~	~	~	~	~

	My feet and body fail me now, and I crash hard on the ground behind
them.  They hear the sound and look back to me, and start to wonder what
is wrong.  I start to crawl towards them, but that fails after I strech
out my hand, as I start to fall into a sleep of eternal dreams.  The
others now know that something is wrong, but it is too late now... if
only I could have warned them of what I have become.....

	I feel myself falling into a pit, yet I am still here.  I have little
energy left, but maybe it is enough to somehow stop or prohibit the
Power form using me for the intentions of Evil.

			*	*	*	*	*	*

	And this leaves me with the last person, my dad, Noboyuki... Funny how
I should leave him last, yet had the Biggest impact on my life; first,
as my dad, and second, as my support through life.  Sure, Grandpa is the
one that taught me to be what I am, but my dad was the invisible
support, the person that helped me through it all, from the death of my
mother, to the last fight I had to save the universe.  He is always with
me, helping me... and yet, he cannot help me now......

			~	~	~	~	~	~


	I hear my family talking, but it is all gibberish to me.  I try to find
a way to signal them, in any way, to get as far away from me as
possible, to run and never look back.  I know they cannot kil me with
the power inhabiting my body as a shell, and in trying to do so, they
would die.  I do not want me to be the reason of their deaths.

	They start to pick me up and I feel myself being brought to the house. 
I yell in my mind for them to stop, for them to run and and be safe, but
it is all for nil.  As I finally lose my grip on life and plunge into
darkness, I only hope the Power will end their lives swiftly and fast,
as to feel no pain.  I can only hope now..........

			*	*	*	*	*	*

					The End