Chapter Two: No Need for Daughters!

Ryoko: So your my Tenchi's daughter from the future then, huh?

Everyone was outside standing in front of Izuki. She just came from the
future. She was the girl that Washu was expecting for a couple of weeks.
Izuki had Achika's hair in a ponytail. And Izuki had a blue kimono outfit on

and a long black long sleeve shirt underneath the kimono outfit. It looked
like something that Ryoko would wear. Izuki just said that she was Tenchi's
daughter from the future and had came to help them.

Tenchi: You came to help? But but what is wrong? Is everthing okay?

Izuki: Daddy dearest nothing is wrong right now, but there is a great
situtation going on that we need to destroy for everone's sake! Washu can
you
explain to them?

Washu: Thank you, Izuki. Okay down to the basics! You see every four years
we
have a lunar eclipse on the planet Earth and it occurs at night. But there
is
a deadly shadow of an evil that the lunar produces every 4,000 years.

Ryoko: But the next lunar eclipse isn't for two years!

Washu: Yes but the next eclipse will be the anniversary of 4,000 years and
that means...

Ayeka: (gasps) The deadly shadow will be produce! But Washu how do you know
about the shadow?

Washu: 3,998 years ago a great battle went on and the Shadow was produce,
but
the only way the shadow was trapped inside the moon again was because the
three goddesses combined their powers to trap the deadly shadow into to moon

for at least 4,000 years to keep safe the universe!

Ayeka: So? You, Tsunami, Tokimi can just use your powers to seal that
monster
into the moon again!

Washu: No this time we need the fourth legendary goddess, and that
is...(points to Izuki) Izuki! She has the power of Jurai and came to the
present to help us seal the monster of the moon!

Ayeka: But that means she has to spend two years with us just for a shadow?

Washu: Yup so make room, but she will be sleeping in my sleeping quarters
inside my lab. And Sasami, now you have a cooking partner because she can
cook feast of a meal in a few quick minutes. And we all will get used to her

like family!

Everyone agreed with Washu and Ryoko and Ayeka were fighting even more after

they heard Izuki was Tenchi's daughter. Everyone went back inside to enjoy
their breakfast. But Washu and Izuki stayed behind outside. Izuki looked at
the sky.

Izuki: I am glad we didn't tell them that the dark shadow is attacking Jurai

or else they would freak out and I do not know what Ayeka would do,
Grandmother. I mean I want to help Jurai but Tokimi's disappearence has
stalled us from helping Jurai and I think that it is all our fault.

Washu: Does Jurai make it through the attack?

Izuki: Sadly, Jurai doesn't exist anymore in the future. That's why daddy
and
mommy live on Earth and have the Shrine.

Washu: In two years we can help Jurai and maybe get rid of this evil spirit
once and for all!

Izuki: Okay, but right now we must get some food! I am hungry!

They both laugh and they walk into the house

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

~~~~~~~~~

Six Months had passed and everyone got used to Izuki. Ayeka and Ryoko try to

get some more answers about Tenchi  and everyone was waiting for the day
that
they would be ready for the saving of the universe!

Preview of Next Story:
Tenchi: We all are waiting for  the day that Izuki will so her true powers
and save us! And Izuki's mom comes and visits us and now we know who Izuki's

mother really is! Coming up next is No Need For Motherly Love!

Ryoko: It's unquestionibly my Tenchi!

Ayeka: What did you say!

((I am sorry my stories are not long because it was usual one story all
together. But the next one is long!))
