A Day in the Life of A Genius PART ONE
by Jallenulian

My name is Washuu and this is my story.

I was born on a small planet near Jurai.  It is an insignificantly
desolate place with lots of trees and few people.  My mother and father
were both the greatest people in my life.  I wasn't a very special child,
just average.  I had good grades, a boyfriend, and a few good friends.

I distinctly remember one evening in particular.  It was late August and
the sun had just begun to set.  The incandescent swirls of purple, red,
orange, and yellow made the sky look so alive.  The reason this evening
stood out more than any other is because this is the night that the royal
planet of Jurai invaded our colonies and killed my friends, family, and
boyfriend.  I was the only survivor out of a planet of 2,000,000 people.

After the invasion, I felt I had nothing to live for.  I left that place
long ago and moved to a foreign place called Earth.  There I met a boy by
the name of Tenchi Masaki.  He was different than all of the others I had
met.  He told me that if I needed a place to crash, I could stay there
until I found my own place.  I decided to take him up on that offer.  He
gave me a small upstairs room right between Himself and the infamous
space pirate Ryoko.

Every morning, I snuck into Tenchi's room to watch him for a while.
Ryoko showed me the passage to get here so I don't get caught.  I wonder
what Ryoko's up to right about now?  Suddenly, I snapped back into
reality as Tenchi tapped me on the shoulder.

"What are you doing?", he asked

"Uhh...Uhh...Umm...Uh", I replied, trying to calm my mind and think
clearly about what to say,"Looking for the bathroom? Heh, Heh?"

"The bathroom's downstairs", said Tenchi

"Oh, I wanted to tell you something", I said, wishing I had kept my big
mouth shut

"Yes?", asked Tenchi

"I just wanted to tell you that...", I started

"TENCHI, BREAKFAST!", bellowed Ryoko

"Sorry, time for breakfast.  Are you coming?", queried Tenchi

"I'll be down in a minute.  Don't wait up.", I said, relieved that I
didn't have to reveal what I had prompted

Tenchi left the room and stepped noislessly down the stairs.  *stupid
Ryoko*, I thought to myself *Always interfering with my business. I
should build something to kill her*

The wonderful odor of strawberries, maple syrup, and steamed rice
elegantly wafted into my curious nostrils.  I followed my nose downstairs
and pulled up a nice spongy cushion.  I then gracefully kneeled on the
pad and asked Tenchi to pass the steaming heap of rice.  I ate until way
past my bursting point.

After the meal, Tenchi rose and walked outside.  I walked out with him
and put my hand in his.  Maybe Earth isn't such a bad place after all.

_____________________________________________________________________
Author's note:  This is my first fanfic.  I hope you guys enjoy it

Copyright notice:  None of these characters are mine.  They belong to the
creators of Tenchi Muyo and Pioneer Entertainment.  I represent them in
no way, shape, or form.

Comments:  This fanfic is so short because I felt what needed to be said
was said.  Thank You for taking the time to read my work.
