The Day of the Carnival- Maxim's story

   I don't own any Tenchi Muyo characters. Except Maxim for he is 
of my own creation. Tenchi and friends are owned by pioneer.


  Tonight Tenchi and the others are hosting a large annual 
carnival. they had been saving up for a long time and now they are 
prepared to make preparations. 

   Maxim is sitting in his attic room.... 

   Maxim: Oh god I hope she goes with me. I'm madly in love with 
her. 
  
   Ryo-ohki comes running in...
   
   Ryo-ohki: Meow!
       Maxim: What do you want?
   Ryo-ohki: Meow! Meow! 
       Maxim: I can't understand you Ryo-ohki.
   Ryo-ohki: Meowrrr.
       Maxim: (Pulls out carrot) Want the carrot?
   Ryo-ohki: MEOW!!!!^_^
       Maxim: Go get it! (Throws carrot)

    Ryo-ohki gives chase.

     Tenchi enters Maxim's room....

    Tenchi: Hey Maxim....
    Maxim: What?
    Tecnhi: What are you going to do at the carnival?
    Maxim: What's it to ya?
    Tenchi: We need someone to operate the Tunnel of Love. 
Interested?
    Maxim: As long as I get some money.... 
    Tenchi: Of course people are going to pay to get in. 
    Maxim: Alright, I guess I can fit it into my busy schedule of 
drinking and watching TV.
    Tenchi: What are you doing in here?
    Maxim: Just wishful thinking while drinking a bottle of 
Scotch.
    Tenchi: Wishful thinking of what?
    Maxim: A person who I hope will be there. I'm very attracted 
to her.
    Tenchi: Will you let me guess?
    Maxim: Might as well let ya try. Go ahead.... guess.
    Tenchi: Ayeka?
    Maxim: Nope, she's your girl.
    Tenchi: Ryoko?
    
    Maxim: Nope, as I said, she's your girl.
    Tenchi: Sasami?
    Maxim: Too young... too fragile.
    Tenchi: Then who?
    Maxim: I'll tell you. (Whispers in Tenchi's ear)
    Tenchi: HER!!! You've gotta be crazy. Are you sure?
    Maxim: I love that girl. Is there a prolem?
    Tenchi: No. (Walks away)
    Maxim: Don't you tell her or your ass is grass and I'll smoke 
it!
    
    That afternoon... the gang gets into their spots.

    Maxim- Tunnel of Love
    Ayeka- Shooting gallery
    Ryoko- Bumper Cars (Washuu-style Bumper Cars)
   Sasami- Concession Stand 
  Mihoshi- Prize Booth(With the help of Kiyone of course)
  Washuu- Carnival Rides: Roller Coaster, that sort of thing.
    Tecnhi- Ticket Booth 
      
   That night.. a whole load of people come to the Carnival.  

   Maxim is standing at the Tunnel of Love...

   Maxim: Washuu can really work! I don't think I'd get past 
making the Shooting Gallery.

    Ayeka and Ryoko have taken their breaks and are coming up to 
the Tunnel of Love.

    Ayeka: I'm taking Tenchi! We are destined to get married.
    Ryoko: That's a joke right? Me and Tenchi are going on the 
Tunnel of Love!
    Ayeka: I'd like to see you try. 
    Ryoko: Same goes for you!
    Ayeka: Maxim, who do you think should take Tenchi?
    Ryoko: Yeah. Tell us Maxim.
    Maxim:(Wickedly Smiling) SASAMI!! You two bitch too much. 
    Ayeka: No really, who should?
    Maxim: Her name is Ayeko!
    Ryoko: COME ON MAXIM!! TELL US!!
    Maxim: I really don't know, have a contest or something. 
    Ryoko: What?
    Maxim: Like at the Shooting Gallery, whoever has the most 
points gets to take Tenchi 
          on the Tunnel of Love and you both have to agree on it.
Ayeka&Ryoko: Thanks Maxim. ( They run off)
    Maxim: I'll never understand those two girls for as long as I 
live.
    
   Kiyone is on her break... she walks up to the Tunnel of Love.
  
   Maxim: Oh! Hi Kiyone.
   Kiyone: Hi Maxim.(Starts to walk off)
   Maxim: Wait! 
   Kiyone: What? 
    
    Maxim felt very nervous, this was the moment of truth. 

   Maxim: Will you.... go on the Tunnel of Love with me?
   Kiyone:........ Are you serious?
   Maxim: As serious as I'll ever be.
   Kiyone:(Smiling) That's sweet of you Maxim. Okay I'll do it.
   Maxim: YES!!!!

   Inside the Tunnel of Love....

   Kiyone: Why did you get angry at those Bounty Hunters when they 
hurt me. I thought 
      you hated Galaxy Police. Why?
   Maxim: Because......
    
   Maxim was feeling very nervous. He didn't know what to say. " 
Wait!, thought Maxim, I'm Maxim! I don't fear anthing! But...... 
oh God! I just don't know! It's time to tell her...

   Kiyone: Tell me.
   Maxim: Because... I love you Kiyone.
   Kiyone: What?
   Maxim: I fell in love with you the first time I saw you. I may 
have not acted like it. But I
     do.
   Kiyone: You really mean it?
   Maxim: Yes. I really love you Kiyone. You're one of the reasons 
why I'm trying to 
       redeem myself. Actually you're practically the main reason.
   Kiyone: Really? (Teary Eyed)
   Maxim: Don't cry Kiyone. 
   
    Maxim could see that Kiyone had never been told something like 
that.

   Kiyone hugs Maxim.

   Kiyone: Nobody's ever said that to me Maxim.
   Maxim: Do you love me?
   Kiyone: Yes. Yes I do Maxim.

   An explosion is heard. People are screaming, and running away.

   Maxim: Must be Ayeka and Ryoko. They're at it again.
   Kiyone: Let them. (Kisses Maxim)
   
   Long silence as the two kiss.

   Maxim: Yes, let them. I don't care.

   The Tunnel of Love ride ends....

   
   Maxim: Oops! It's over. Sorry Kiyone.
   Kiyone: It's okay.
   
   Ayeka comes storming up to Maxim holding Tenchi.

   Ayeka: Get this started! RIGHT AWAY!
  Maxim: Okay.
  
   Ryoko phases in...

  Ryoko: Stop right there Ayeka.
  Maxim: Sorry, the Tunnel of Love is closed now.
  Ryoko: WHAT???
  Ayeak: WHAT???
  Maxim: A peice of the Tunnel fell down and almost crushed 
someone.
  Ayeka: You're lying.
 
  Maxim blasts the top of the Tunnel and it falls down.

  Maxim: So I'm lying huh?
  Ayeka: You... You... BUFFOON!!
  Kiyone: Shut-up for once Ayeka!!
  Ayeka: Huh?
  Kiyone: Maxim told you it's closed so IT'S CLOSED!!
  Maxim: My kind of woman.
  Mihoshi: Umm... Kiyone.
  Kiyone: What?
  Mihoshi: I accidently ruined the Prize Booth.
  Maxim: How?
  
  People come running up to Mihoshi.

  Person1: You overcharged us!
  Person2: I want my Prize!
  Person3: Yeah!
  Person1: Make Her give us our prizes!
  Maxim: Do and I'll start ass-kicking!
  Person2: Who are you Hairy?
  Person3: Yeah go back to Ameica with the rest of your kind!
  People: HA HA HA!!!!
  Maxim: That does it. Kiyone don't look!

  Two hours later....

  Maxim is drinking some Hard Liquor, and is watching the stars...

   Tenchi: Why'd you hurt all of those people?
   Maxim: All I did was shove stuffed animals up their asses. Want 
some Liquor?
   Tenchi: No thanks. I don't really drink that kind of stuff.
   Maxim: I went on the Tunnel of Love with Kiyone. 
   Tenchi: Good! That's good to hear Maxim.
   Maxim: At least I helped clean up the mess left by the people 
when the Carnival ended.
   Tenchi: Thanks. 
   Maxim: What was that fight between Ayeka and Ryoko about?
   Tenchi: Ryoko got more points than Ayeka and...
   Maxim: Ayeka tried to cheat and just take you?
   Tenchi: Pretty Much.
   Maxim: Besides that... How'd your night go?
   Tenchi: Let me tell you all about it.




   Pretty Good huh? Now I'm making this so you get both sides of 
the story. Maxim's and Kiyone's. So the next story will be Kiyone 
side of the Night of the Carnival. Also I'm going to remake " A 
New Friend? " Cause I thought it was just so quick and... well 
dumb. So I'm going to go make it better and have more details and 
make it sound more professional. If that works out fine then I 
might just go redo all of my past stories. Including this one.


  Now and Forever.... I am PHAW410653!
