                        “No Need For Sasami Masaki”
                          “The Day Before The War”
                                             
****************************************************************************
				       Chapter ONE
				       SOUL OF MINE	
****************************************************************************	
	“In a  spiral galaxy system, light years from our own. On my planet in
the same orbit as the one I call ‘home’ (Earth) for now, is a world full
of humanoid life as much as our own that has had it’s fair share of good
times and bad. This is now a bad time. Once again war has come to this
place. But not from it’s own people, yet far away from a another world.
Some would call ‘Utopia’ in their native tongue. However, it had a name
that once was once stood for this! ‘It ruled the Universe with a firm,
yet gentle hand.’ It helped keep the order the galaxies in the name of a
Goddess and law. Now, however,  it’s name is now called, Chaos! The
“House” or Palace, if you will, has been split into two by a young king
and his pirate queen. Over the true crown princess of this mighty
kingdom. Now both families are at war for the true throne of this world
called, Jurai!   Many planets like this one took a side in show of
support of one of these families, however, not everyone agreed on this
matter. Now there is a small civil war that has befallen them all. It is
only now a matter of time  to see who will win! However, in a line in an
old tale that is spoken in the ancient tongue has said; “Once the box
was open and the evil came across this land a, small thing appear and
was soon an ally of mankind everywhere! It’s name was called, ‘Hope!’
This is one of many tales that will be told to the children of
tomorrow!”
	  (On the Earth.) “From the dairy of Sophist.” 
	“Member of the Council of Elders” 
	Turning of the Eighth moon of Zuse. In warm session of Diameter’s
grace. 
           (Earth time: The year 2022)
	
**************************************************************************
	In a small farming village called “Lamoreaux”, outside of a once a
great city called “Ateraln”, live a group of people who were just trying
to get on with their lives. They were tried of this troublesome war that
has ripped apart their beautiful world. Some want to just forget about
it and think their once peaceful world is still there! Tonight that is
going to be disturbed by a force unseen before!
	In the star filled sky a blue ball of light with a sharp white tail
races across it with the speed of a meteor. It makes several passes over
the village. The people are scared at this event, then it suddenly hits
the ground! But no shock impact was made! Just a bright blue figure of a
humanoid is in it’s form. The light goes away, reveling a young woman!
Her age is eighteen, she has long dark green hair which becomes lighter
toward the ends in a pony tail that goes down to beyond her shoulders.
Her eyes are a deep blue which glow lightly from time to time. She
stands at five feet, ten inches tall and smooth skin. Right now she is
wearing a pair of soft leather pants, boots, a white long sleeve shirt,
dark brown light leather jacket  with a symbol on the back, saying she
is part of a gang by the name of “Aires”, and a orange head band that
her mother used wear!
	She walks around the village with propose in her steps. Her face is
showing that she is in demand for something or someone!
	“Ronan Masterson!! Number Five!” .she yells outloud to the whole
village. “I know you are here! Show yourself Earthman! I demanded a
audience with you now!”
	The villagers are afraid of her! They are so much in grip with fear
they dare not say anything! Then a tall woman in casual clothes, with
long red hair also in a pony tail that goes all the way down her back
with green eyes came forward and walked up to the girl and stopped just
a few feet away from her!
	“What is the meaning of this child?!” the woman demanded as she held a
combat staff in her hands in ready position. “These people are not
fighters, but I’am and, I will protect them!”
	The girl studies the woman closely. The can see she is in her early
thirties, but indeed a fighter! She has the markings on her arm of one
the people that her mother told her to look for!
	“Who are you?” she asked as she formed a blue energy sword in her
hands! “I can see you are from my  social class called the ‘Guardians’,
but you are not a true member of this world!”
	“ My name is ‘Sarah Masterson’!” said the woman with pride in her
voice. “True! I’m not from this world by birth, but they took my family
in, and we help by protecting it!”
	 The girl face shows that this is the right place and gives a sigh of
relief.
	“ Then you are or were called ‘Number Six’, and you are Ronan
Masterson’s mate or should I say wife!” said the girl as she ‘puts away’
her sword, but still show a face that was serious. “Tell your ‘old man’
I wish to see him!”
	The woman eyes got angry at the little punk’s mouth, however, she did
notice that there was a light glow of blue light coming from within the
cuffs of the girl’s jacket!
	“Watch your tongue girl!” she said with a demanded! “We are old enough
to be called by your ancestors as ‘gods’. But were are not that! You
will come with me! My husband and I have been expecting you for sometime
now!”
	The girl followed the woman at the same time she watched as people came
out of there homes with caution! The girl jumps around quickly, and
fires a beam of blue energy over the village making the people run back
into there homes quickly!
	The girl makes a little sneer at them, but, jumps at the sound of the
woman’s  sharp voice.
	“Girl!!” said Masterson. “Come! NOW!”
	As soon as they were outside the village a pair of creatures that girl
has never seen before were waiting with a youth holding their reins!
	“I’m afraid our Earth history will have to end early tonight young
philosopher.” said Masterson to the boy. “You are near home your home so
please walk. I will need both horses now!”
	“Yes teacher!” said the boy as he handed her the reins. “Good night!”
	The girl looked at the horses with carefulness and could see that they
are peaceful. She reaches out with one of her hands to touch one and by
accident her hand glows which scares the horse and it jumps back!
	“Careful!” said Masterson. They are nervous about you just like those
people were!”
	“What are they called?” said the girl as she tries to pet the horse
again and this time it allows her to do so.
	“Horses!”  said Masterson as she climbed on one of them. “They are from
Earth! These two were born on this world! They are about three years
old!”
	“Why ride these things?” asked the girl. “Why not an aircar?”
	“Fuel is in short supply you know!” replied Masterson. “It’s harder to
get out here in the backlands!”
	She gets off her horse, helps the girl get on the other one as well as
showed her how to hold on to the saddle and rein! Then when she was back
on the other one, she took the reins of the girl’s horse and tided them
to hers so the girl’s horse would follow hers and with a light gallop
they road off down the main road that when into a deciduous forest. 
	After a few miles they emerge out the other side with a valley before
them. The people who live near this place call it; “The Valley Of
Flags”. A large Greek style revival house made with fine wood, with huge
yard in front it sat in the middle of this valley. In the back of the
house stood a large barn where a Galaxy Police fighter-class ship was
resting inside of it! However, to the girl the ship was not the thing
that stood out. What did was a set of twenty flag poles that were in
front of the main gate! On each of these poles was of course a flag. One
pole in the middle, flew the planet’s Capitol flag, next to it was the
Galaxy Police’s flag, the rest of the poles flew flags from countries on
Earth! The United States, Japan, Canada, Britain, Ireland, Scotland,
Sweden, Malta, Greece, Italy and Russia! Just to name a few! 
	“What is all this?” asked the girl as she pointed to the flags.
	“Flags of the world where my husband and I came from! As well as dear
friends of ours. My idea! It is our way to remember who we are and where
we came from!”
	“‘Team Fifteen’?” asked the girl. “Your friends?”
	Masterson turns briefly to the girl with a serious face, then turns
around and sighs.
	      “That is a name I have not heard in sometime now, young one!” she
said. “Yes! Our friends of Fifteen, and many others from Earth, the
Galaxy Police and your home world with respect of course, especially to
your mother!”
	“You know who I’am then?” asked the girl with a surprised tone. 
	“As I said earlier.” said Masterson. “‘We were expecting you’!”
	They arrive at the house where a servant greets them and takes the
horses to the barn! A pair of eyes were watching them carefully all this
time inside the house from a window.
	“Well let’s see ‘Number Five’!” said the girl with a demand in her
voice again. 
	“Would you please call him Ron?” replied Masterson with a serious tone.
“ ‘Five.’ That is name he doesn’t like to be called by anymore!”
	
	“She’s right!” said a voice from behind them. “That is the name of a
dead man!”
 	“Hello husband.” said Masterson in a sweet voice to a man with a full
beard and dressed in his work clothes.
	“Hello dear!” answer Ron back with the same tone. “I see that you are
home early from teaching the boy and brought home a guest!”
	Ron walked up to the girl with a little care in his steps, he walks
around her and looks over her with his eyes.
	“Isn’t DNA great? Hail to the ‘Double Helix!’” said Ron as he walks
over to his wife and the girl’s eyes follow him closely as well. “Next
to a tiny difference in her nose, chin and...height, about two inches
higher I say! She is a true splitting image to her mother, Kiyone! Nice
to see you again Hiwa! Last Time I saw you...well you were high as my
knee!”
	Ron slaps his left knee with pleasement!
	“Of course that was sometime ago! You’ve grown some! HAW!”
	“Yes.” said Hiwa, coldly as she grabs her firm left  breast. “I’ve
notice!”
	“She’s got a little of her mother’s attitude in her as well.” said
Sarah Masterson poking her husband in the ribs. 
	“Well, Kiyone didn’t become High Marshal of the Galaxy Police by being
wimp!” said Ron with pride in his face.
	“Say, how is your father doing?” asked Masterson with good intention.
	“Don’t  you say that bastard’s name!” says Hiwa with dangerous eyes and
bared teeth!  “I don’t go by his last name anymore! My full name is
‘Hiwa Makabi’! Do you understand this?! Awwww! Damn it all!”
	“Take easy child!” demanded Ron. “What do you what from us? A job?”
	Hiwa’s short patience has just about run out of these two!
	“Enough!” yells Hiwa as she lets her power begin to build up in her
body which begins to make a outer glow!
	“I was told to come here to get help by you two!” she yells as her eyes
begin to glow now! “Not to be ‘tugged’ around by you! I have the power
now! I want answers! My patience is ...GEEEEA!”
	A beam of yellow light shoots from behind Hiwa, strikes her in the back
and she falls down to the ground outcold!
	“Not a virtue!” said Ron.
	The two warriors turn to the source from the barn, where in the upper
window a sniper’s rifle is cooling off from firing a stun blast!
	“Nice shot son!” said Ron as a boy about eleven years old stands up
from behind the laser rifle. “Though I don’t like the idea that he had
to shoot her in the back!”
	“Thanks dad!” he yells back!
	“Hey I had the shot too!” said a girl coming out of the nose of the
fightership by a ladder with the same type of rifle, she was the same
age as the boy!
	“Don’t worry dear!”  said Sarah Masterson.  “Patience.”
	“However, this one does not have much at all!” said a voice from behind
the boy.  “Little Doctor Washu” comes into the light! “She is truly a
chip off the old block, all right! As I said earlier; ‘She does have the
power’, but she does not have Ryouko’s strength or abilities...yet! So
the stun gun worked just fine. She will have quite a sting on the back
for a few days, however!”   
	Both Ron’s pick’s Hiwa’s body off the ground and carry’s her in his
arms.
	“Little Washu!” said Ron looking up to her. “Are you sure THIS was the
only way to save her from death?”
	Ron roll’s back one of Hiwa sleeve’s on her leather jacket to revile a
blue sapphire gem embedded in her upper part of her right arm. Just like
ones on Ryouko!
	“She has two now!”
	“Yes!” said Washu. “Anything else?”
	“Yeah!” said Ron Masterson. “You told us in full detail that you have
no way you can duplicate the power of Ryouko’s gems! No way! Kagato
couldn’t  even do it!”
	“I did?” said Washu with a smirk. 
	“Washuuuuu!” said Sarah Masterson with an angry tone in her voice!
	Washu started to make that laugh that she makes when she is hiding
something or holding back! “Oh what fools you mortals be! You have as
much to learn as Hiwa does about what is really going on in the
Universe! Put our young warrior to bed and as we eat dinner I will
explain everything to you! Remember Samami is counting on all of you now
until she and Tsunami are one! This why two you were placed in the
Guardian’s class in this people’s Republic! You have a debt to pay up!”
	Ron turn’s to his wife with a worried look.
	“Remember the first time we found out about the secret between Sasami
and Tsunami?”
	His wife nodded in agreement. 
	“ Ah think were going to come out of retirement...again!” she said in
her Scottish tongue! “Skit!”
	*****************************************************************
	 Hiwa wakes up, she finds herself in a place that appears to be a dark
endless void. There is an echo as she gets up and walks around the
space. She turns around quickly as she hears a noise behind her!
	The air is now warm and the copper smell from ‘old’ blood is strongly
known. What frightened her the most was the light which was a weak pale
white at first, is now a strong red, blood red. 
	She tries to summon her powers, but they don’t come. She looks down at
her arms and to her horror, her gems are gone and there is something
else....her hands are smaller now, like a child’s. In fact she finally
hit with the fact that she is a little girl again, about ten!
	 
	A noise is first heard is the darkness. Some distance, but getting
closer!        It walks like a human steps, however, their sound was
getting heavier and deeper with every step.
	Hiwa starts to run away from the sounds! Breathing hard and running as
fast as she can. She stops! To catch her breath! The ‘steps’ are still
walking behind her, closer now than before! Her small heart is races on
as a deep fear grips her. She begins to run again into the darkness. She
soon runs into a place where there are rows and rows of  support columns
like the ones found in a temple, she looks up at the columns as she
stills runs on. The top part of the columns disappear into the
red/blackness of the ceiling ,except for one part of the ceiling where a
lonely  open ‘sky light’ lets in the only color of blue which is the
sky!
	She calls up to it asking for help, suddenly a solute of a person is
seen. A woman!  With a frighten face and tears running down, she again
calls for help but the woman one stands there looking down at Hiwa! Then
looks up again and can see that it is her mother, Kiyone! 	Hiwa can see
that her mother is sad, however, she doesn’t say a thing to her
daughter.
	Then without warring the ‘sky light’ closes with a pair of solid doors
in front of Kiyone and with her the blue light is gone!

	The sound of the foot steps return to Hiwa’s attention. She can see a
huge figure of a person coming right to her! She is frozen in her legs!
	“No!” she cried out in a child’s voice. “Please I don’t what to go!
Mommy! Help!”
	A pair of claw-like hands reach out to her body!
	“NOOOO!!!”
*****************************************************************************
	“NOOOO!!!” screams Hiwa at the top of her lungs as she wakes up in a
bed.  “Don’t!”
	Hiwa tries to in vain to sit up, but she has been restrained to the bed
by leather straps on her hands and legs!
	Soon she clams down as she hears new voices around her. One grabs her
shoulders!
	“Take easy Hiwa!” yells a female voice. “Your safe!”
	“Get your hands off me!” yells Hiwa as shakes back and fourth in the
bed!
	“Hold her Ron!” said another female voice.
	All of a sudden a small, yet sharp coolness engulfed her body starting
in  left arm! Then in a few seconds she felt peaceful in herself.
	“Ah, very good you two!” said the second female voice. “I’m glad that
you can still do that little trick of yours.”
	Hiwa opened her eyes to the voice. She recognized the strange woman as
one called Washu that her mother told her about!
	“Doctor Little Washu?” said Hiwa with a smile. “Oh sweet gods it is
you!”
	Hiwa looks around to see Ron and his wife looking down at her.
	“What happen?” asked Hiwa as she looked down and saw how she was bound
to the bed. “Hey! What is this?”
	“We had to restrain you so I could work putting on your ‘cuffs’!” said
Washu. “We don’t what you to be going around shooting everyone and thing
while your here. Now we are going to untie you so, don’t you anything
sudden!”
	Washu looks at Ron’s wife who is standing behind Hiwa with a laser gun
set on low ‘stung’ mode! 
	Ron and Washu carefully remove the straps and let Hiwa stand up on her
own. 
	She looks at the two of them, then Ron Masterson. Next she released
that her arms are a little heavier than normal. She lifts them up to her
face and can see that she has metal cuff style bracelets on each arm and
they cover her power gems!
	“These are something that I invented about a few years ago for my
daughter, but never gave them to her!” explained Washu. “These ‘dampers’
will help you learn to control your powers better!”
	“What makes you think I need control?” asked Hiwa as she covers her
chest with her arms. “I think I’ve done a good job with this ‘stuff’ for
the last couple of days! It’s cool not to be treated like trash anymore!
Even fun! I’m somebody!”
	“Well fun time is over!” said Ron. “You are like a sword without a
scarab. You need to be trained to get the most out your abilities!”
	“I don’t need a ‘salve collar’ thank you!” said Hiwa coldly. 
	“Hiwa.” said Washu with a serious look. “I know you don’t remember any
this, but I gave you these powers and I also gave your life back!”
	“Say what?” questioned Hiwa with a surprised tone. “My life... my soul
back?”
	“About a week ago!” said Washu as she pulled up a chair. “You and your 
gang or should I say friends, where on the run from the ‘local’ police
in the city! You ran into a old bombed out building where you thought
you where safe. But a policeman fired his cannon at the building, bring
it down on top of you! The next thing was you were in the hospital dying
from your wounds. You where not going to survived the night.”
	“ I take it my mother wasn’t there.” murmured Hiwa with bitterness.
	“Oh, she was there all right!” said Washu as she looked at Ron. “Ron
here, got word by the police and quickly told us what happen! Your
mother was there in a few hours.”
	“She held your hand and cried over you all through the night!” said
Ron. “You were the only thing she could think of even though being the
High Marshal is a great deal of work especially during a war!”
	“Tell me about!” said Hiwa. “Hardly saw her at all in my life!”
	“With the shortage of doctors it was hard to have people look over you
just for basic medical treatment!” said Ron.
	“ But we knew a ‘special’ doctor was near by!” said Sarah. “ And we
know she would aid us. So I called Doctor Washu who was on Jurai and
brought her here to you to save your life!”
	“That fast?” said Hiwa with amazement.
	“ I have my own ways to get one place to another quickly!” said Washu.
“So after a very difficult operation I restored your body and ‘gave’ you
those ‘gems’ as a gift!”
	“What did my mom say about this?” ask Hiwa.
	“She couldn’t stay.” said Washu. “But she wanted “anything” to be done
to save you. So I gave her the wish!”
	“As you well know you woke up in a apartment in a skyscraper with your
first gem in your right arm and as soon as you understood how it worked
you found the other one in a tower outside the city and for the first
time you flew as a young bird who just learn to master it’s wings!”
	“Yeah that was weird though, not just the freedom of flying, but
knowing how to find and used the power gems as if I always knew how and
knowing how 
to find you all here!” said Hiwa with a face that showed she was amazed
to all this.
	“Thanks to a little thing called; “Info plants” that I placed in your
mind back on the operating table!” said Washu.
	“Well, thank you.” said Hiwa. “But there is a price for this, right?”
	“Yes, there is.” said Washu. “She also asked Ron and Mary here to help
teach you the training that you will need. I myself will also help on
this as well, mostly with the gems though!”
	“Teach me?” asked Hiwa. “What?”
	“To help you understand your powers to the full and...” said Washu
turning to Ron again. 
	“To help you become something that you said once to your mother.” said
Ron. “A Galaxy Cop, if you still want it!”
	“Yeah I want it!” cried out Hiwa with her first happy face to them.
“But my record?”
	“That will be taken care of!” said Ron. “Your old self died on the
operation table back in the hospital and the day you took fight you were
reborn.”
	“So do you want it girl?” said Sarah. “This is a chance at a very
different life and it won’t be easily I can say that!”
	“Can you be my teacher?” asked Hiwa with a serious face. “ I never got
to finish school because of this dumb war!”
	Mary smiles at the girl and takes her hand.
	“It will be my honor, Hiwa.” she said. And I know many other ‘Sophists’
would like to teach you everything as well. Some of them are retried
professional trainers from the police academy itself!”
	“Then I will do it!” she said with pride.
	“Very well young lady!” said Ron as he walked up to her. “However, as
much as we and others can teach you, we expect the most out of our
cadets, no “buts”! We don’t take quitters!”
	He holds out his hand to ask for hers in a shake.
	“What is this?” she asked.
	“A old western tradition from our old home.” said Ron. “Take my hand.”	
	She takes it and shakes Ron’s firmly.
	“Welcome to our world!” said Ron.
	Hiwa smiles at this, yet back in her eyes a blue energy bolt is seen
jumping across one to the other. “Welcome to mine too!”
	    Washu walks up between them and smiles.
	“Well then, nice to have you on aboard!” she said as looks over Hiwa’s 
young body. “Let’s get you out of your street clothes! They look a
little snug on you!”
	Hiwa looks down on her outfit, then at Washu.
	“I’ll keep them on thanks!” 
	“Well at least let’s wash them!” said Sarah as he goes through a
clothes draw and puts out a pair of jeans and short sleeve shirt. “Try
this! Your mother wore this back on Earth a few years ago! Ron?”
	Sarah gives the eye to him to get out! He does, Washu follows behind
him and closes the door.
	“That went better that I thought!” said Washu. “At lease we can train
her!”
	“Yeah well just training her is not going to be easy!” said Ron. “Never
thought you could copy those gems and I was right!”
	“Like I said last night; “These are not the same type, just a little
different from my daughter’s!” said Washu with a grin. 
	“Well Ryouko is in for big shock when is sees the daughter of Kiyone
for the first time!” said Ron with concern tone. “ A new kid is on the
block now and her name is Hiwa!”

***************************************************************************** 
  				       Chapter TWO
*****************************************************************************
	Later that day as the sun was setting in the hills of the valley. Ron
was having a “coded” conversation on the Galaxy Police fighter,  with
the new Emperor of Jurai! Lord Tenchi!
	“So Doctor Washu is planing to stay for a few weeks more?” said Tenchi
on a com-link system. 
	“Yes my Lord!” said Ron sitting in the pilot’s chair and looking at the
young Emperor on a tran-lustent screen before him. “She said her
patent’s health is very questionable right now! She asked me to do this
request from you!”

	“Yes of course Washu may stay!” said Tenchi with concern. “Hiwa is
after all Kiyone’s daughter! I owe her a lot and she is my friend! I do
appreciate you letting Washu and Hiwa to stay on your land!”
	“Not a problem, your majesty!” said Ron. It was getting to be dull
around here!”
	Both of them are quiet for a few seconds. Then Tenchi brakes the
silence. Ron already knew the question before Tenchi even asked it.
	“Has Sasami been in contact with any of you?” said Tenchi. His face was
filled with the look a worried man who has in best words, lost a part of
himself.
	Ron leaned up in his chair and looked at the Emperor with the face his
gives that he is not lying about this at all.
	“Tenchi.” said Ron with a pause. “My king! You know that would not hold
this or any other information about the princess’s where abouts.  I know
that the time for her and the goddess Tsunami to finally become “One
Soul” is getting near! My own off spring keep reminding on this. I would
not deceive you on this matter at all! If the young woman comes to us we
will try to bring her home! What does the queen Ayeka say about this?
Are you sure she is not hiding Sasami from you?”
	“No!” said Tenchi. “As much as we are apart now, she, and the
tradilionals’ swear that they don’t know anything ether. They are
sisters after all! Ayeka is very worried as well!” 
	“Sasami is all grown up now!” said Ron. “Maybe she just wants some time
by herself for while. I did at times when I was...physically her age!”
	“Her duties to this family come first Ron!” said Tenchi. “She must hold
her responsibly to the royal family!”
	“Really?” said Ron with a raised eyebrow, putting his hands behind his
head and leading back in his chair. “Which family is that? ‘Yours’ or
the “Traditionals’”, my king?”
	Tenchi is fully aware that Ron is one man that is only loyal to him
because he believes it is fit, even through deep down he hates
imperialism by a “foreign  crown”! After all, he grew up in a land that
was ruled by one.  And all the planets that Ron represents, Earth being
one of them, and the one he lives now on, ‘“Antlia”’ are very powerful
members on the table of the ‘Universal Council of Humanoid Worlds’. Also
his history as a original member of ‘Team Fifteen’, he has earn great
respect with the Galaxy Police, the other Galaxy Militaries, and many
other warrior planets who are now only ally with Tenchi’s ‘House’ now
because of Ron and Sarah’s doing! So he knows it is best to give Ron his
royal respect and to put up with Ron’s arrogance that he does at
times... and there are the times it is good he still does. 
	“Can you keep me up dated please?” requested Tenchi.  “I’am truly
worried!”
	“Of course!” said Ron back in a smile. “I just recommend that you keep
this whole thing quiet like before. If an enemy finds out Sasami gone,
this could put her in great danger, if she is not already! Good night,
your majesty!”
	“Good morning, Ron!” said Tenchi as he showed the early morning sun
rising and signed off. 
	Ron’s sighs outloud, shuts the power down on the ship, and walks
outside of the barn to see the first stars come out of the purplish sky. 
	He thinks about Kiyone, then back to the time at Tenchi’s old home in
Japan. How he and Sasami where looking at the stars, and he saw for the
first time he saw Tsunami’s reflection in the water at the lake looking
back at him!
	“Good times, bad times we shared alot together!” he says outloud to
himself.
	He then hears his two children and Hiwa coming back for a late
afternoon horseback ride! Sarah is waiting for them along with Little
Washu.
	He looks up at the sky again and a uneasy thought came to him! He
thinks about a general from the U.S. Army he meet back in the early
years of the “Cold War” on Earth!
	“‘Who ever controls ‘The Bomb’ will control this kind of war and the
world’” said the general.
	Ron thinks about today!
	“Who ever controls Sasami, controls Tsunami! If that IS possible!”
thought Ron to himself. “Also control this Universe! Sasami where are
you?!”
***************************************************************************	
	“Yes little Sasami where are you indeed!” said a voice looking at Ron
and then Washu at a screen abroad a strange looking Jurain ship.  
	This ship now tens of thousands of light years away in a part of the
unknown Universe, a section that is so deep and vast that even the
Jurain nor, any of the Galaxy Police units know about its existence
through the best space telescopes. What is so strange about this ship is
that not made of that same marital that all the Jurain ships are made
out of, this one is just the opposite of it and it was all black! But,
what is most frightening thing about it was that was the same in shape,
size and complex design of the Jurain flagship, ”Tsunami”! 
	“You have your pawns.” continued the voice who was in shadow. “Now you
have some of your knights.”
	The mysterious humanoid comes out of the shadow to revile himself. To
best some up his facial appearance, if Tsunami ever had a twin brother
this guy would fit the bill. Except his eyes where a cold dark blue and
gave the look of evil if there was ever one to behold by normal man. His
long hair which went down his backside was a light crimson red. He made
a sinner grin as a image of Lord Tenchi sitting on his throne came to
his ship’s main screen. A great tree next to the man was luminescenting
a red light when it saw the young king of the great empire!
	“So who is it going to be ‘sister’?” he said followed by a wicked laugh
“In three years you will have to answer this question! If I don’t make
you do it first by destroying your little children or  your  chosen
helpers in this game!”
	Outside in space, the ship’s main engines came on line, and began it’s
long journey to the planet known as Juria! The lost child is coming
home.
*****************************************************************************
	   
	    			Next: “Odyssey”... or “ Lets see what happens with    
Tenchi in the next three years!”

*****************************************************************************

	“The Day Before The War”. By C.D. Powers
	Disclamer: The Charaters from the Tenchi Universe are copyrighted by
the Poineer and AIC company. All rights reserved.

 	My Charaters: Ronan and Sarah Masterson, and the Hiwa are copyrighted.
All rights reserved. 1999.