The Deadly Game:  Break Time.(Part 4)
Everyone gets a break.

Author's Note: Sorry for taking so long to update.  Oh and I finally
released
I completely forgot about Ryo-Ohki.  (Is that the right name?)  If it seems
like I am leaving some people out, forgive me, I'm controlling around 20
main
people and its hard to make them all in the story.

----------------------------------------------------------------

[Why aren't you helping them?]  The ice cat asked Mihoshi.

Mihoshi was staring at Toma beat the living shit out of everyone.  "......"


The cat looked at her.  <Why Toma likes her is a mystery to me.  She seems
like an idiot to me.>  Toma appeared in front of him then pulled him up by
his tail.  [Now you fight.]  Toma threw him into the fight.

Four blast of energy hit Toma in the head as he turned around.  After the
smoke clear Toma announced something.  [Now the killing begins.]

Disappearing then reappearing right behind Tenchi just close enough so his
spike were an inch in his back.  [Your first Tenchi.]  Toma fell backwards.

After getting up you could see Tenchi's remands.  He was cut in half,
semicircles pushed into the sides of his body.  When Ryoko and Ayeka saw
Tenchi's, uh... body, in a bloody mess, and part of him on Toma's back, they

snapped.  Ayeka formed a huge energy blast and Ryoko charge from the other
side.  They each got to Toma at the same time but they didn't hit, they went

threw him.  A large explosion sent Ryoko's body to the back of the area,
disassembled, disfigured, and roasted.

[Ayeka,]  Toma looked at the area Ryoko's body was.  [you finally got rid of

Ryoko, Tenchi's all yours.  But wait,]  Toma look at Tenchi's two halves.
[he's dead.  But don't worry, you'll see him in less than a second.]  Toma
appeared in front of Ayeka,  elbow blades threw the middle of her body.  He
then Lifted one elbow and dropped the other one, splitting her in half.

-------------------------------------------------------------------

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!"  Ayeka screamed in an area of blackness that goes
on forever.  Tenchi and Ryoko looked at her.

"So, how'd he kill you?"  Tenchi asked.  Ayeka looked at herself then the
area.  "What happened?"

Tenchi floated toward her.  "I don't know,  we died then came here.  But
what
I want to know is why we didn't fe-"  He was cut short by a scream.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!"  Gendo screamed appearing in the place.

-----------------------------------------------------------------

Toma looked around for his next victim.(he sent Mihoshi back to the house)

Looking straight at Fee Lu, he separated his tail into six separate tails.

One went around her neck,  two her arms, and two her legs.  The last one
grew
three times in size and went straight for her head.  Completely destroying
her head,  it went on to going threw Tsunami.

------------------------------------------------------------------

"Well, everyone is dead now."  Washu stated when the last person, Yoera,
died.

Toma appeared right after him and went into his human form.  "OK, I bet you
all think your dead."  Everyone looked confused.  "Look."  Toma snapped his
fingers and they all appeared in Tenchi's living room.  Everyone looked
confused again.  "Oh come on, after all I did, you don't think I could
revive
you?"  Toma started to walk toward the kitchen.  "Well, I'm hungry so I'm
gunna get some food.  Anyone joining me?"    Everyone took a step back.

*Stomach grumbling noises*  Yoera looked at his stomach.  "I'll have some
food"

-------------------------------------------------------------

"Your a good cook."  Yoera said taking a bite out of his food.

Toma looked up from his food.  "Your a good eater.  That's your what,  sixth

serving?"

Yoera counted the plates.  "Seventh."

Toma looked at everyone else watching them.  "Oh come on, eat already.  If
you don't hurry Yoera will eat all of the food."  Everyone staid still, then

some came up, then another, two more, until everyone was eating, well
everyone who can, but everyone was still nerves.

While everyone was eating Ryoko had to get something off her chest.  "Toma,
what is wrong with you?  I mean one-second your killing us the next you make

us food!"

Toma looked kept eating.  "You need energy for what I'm putting you threw
next."  Everyone looked worried.

-------------------------------------------------------------

After everyone was finished Toma stood up.  "I'm going to bed."  Toma walked

toward the living room.  When he got to the doorway he turned around.  "Oh I

just remembered, you guys can't leave within a mile radius of this house."

Toma went over to the couch and fell on top of it.  *ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ*

Everyone stood there with an anime sweat drop.  "What just happened?"
Everyone stood there, wondering the same thing.

"I think we get a short break."  Everyone started walking toward him.

"We need a energy for that?"  Everyone got to the couch and circled it.  "I
say we kill him."

Everyone looked at Fee Lu.  "What?  He's asleep.  Lets just shove a sword
threw his head.  I'll do it."  She formed a sword and trusted it towards
Toma's head. *snap*  The sword broke and half of it went threw TV.

"Well that was pathetic."  Ryoko commented letting out a small laugh.

Fee Lu looked at her evilly.  "Well I'd like to see you try!"

Ryoko went up to Toma and formed a sword.  "Fine."  Ryoko trusted it at
Toma.
 *snap*  Part of the sword went threw the remainder of the TV.

"Well that was pathetic."  Fee Lu said with a small laugh.  Ryoko looked at
her evilly.

"Oh shut up!"  All of a sudden a partially invisible platform rose Toma up
and floated him into Washu's lab.  Everyone who knew about Washu's lab
looked
at Washu, who was typing at her floating computer.

Washu looked at them all.  "He'll be a sleep for a while so I thought about
doing some test on him, so no one bother me."  Washu walked into her lab.
Gendo started cracking his fingers.  "Well,  we have about 12 hours of rest.

So, I suggest we use it wisely."

-----------------------------------------------------

Author's Note:  Sorry for the long update,  I have a couple other fan fics
going on.
