Author's Note:  I just saw Daughter of Darkness so I'm gunna put that in
now.(no Kiyone)

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

----------

"Why do I feel worse?"  Tenchi mumbled getting up from layying on the
ground.

"Because Toma didn't want anyone to have an advantage."  Fee Lu(I know I
forgot to put her name in last chapter but here it is now) said looking down

on him.

Getting up Tenchi grabbed his right arm.  "What?"

"Do you think he's going to feed us, let us heal a bit, then make us fight
again?  He made sure we were just like we started."  Fee made a dagger in
her
right hand.  "Oh course there's one diffrence."

"What's that?"  Tenchi asked getting up.

"We can kill."  She said silently walking towards him raising the dagger.
After hearing those word Tenchi, in his condition, could only think of one
thing.  <RUN AWAY>.  "Get back here!!"  Fee Lu screamed running after him.

<He's fast>  She thought running after him.  Lifting her arm she threw the
dagger at Tenchi.  Wizzing past Tenchi the dagger landed on the ground 10
feet infront of him.  <I suck at this!>  Fee yelled at herself.  While
running Tenchi tripped on the dagger.  "Hahahahahahahahahahahaha!!"  Fee Lu
cracked up looking at Tenchi trying to get up.  When he finally managed to
get up and Fee was about to stop laughing he tripped on the dagger again.

"HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!"  Fee Lu laughed harder than before.  Laughing so hard

she fell over.  Tenchi looked over and notice her laughing.  <Nows my cance
to get away.>  He than got up and ran before she noticed him.  "Ok... ok I
have to get up."  Fee said to herself laughing ever now and then.

Looking around she noticed Tenchi wasn't anywhere in sight.  "Why that
little......"  She teethed holing a fist.  Forming a sword Fee slashed
around
furiosly.  "I am such a ....... I can't belive...... I'm gunna......."  She
mumbled slashing around.  "I have gatta find him.  Ok... which way did he
go?"  She said looking around.

[Your left.]

"Who said that?!?! "  Fee yelled forming your basic scimitar.(that is a
weapon right?)

[Just go left before he gets away.]  Fee Lu took the tip and went left.
 <Why
am I lisening to a voice?>  She wondered going through the wooden rods.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------

"Not this again!"  Mihoshi complained being dragged by the ice again.

[Will you shut the hell up!]  The ice lynx yelled at her.

"Why are you yelling at me?"  Mihoshi asked in a sad tone.

The cat stop and turned around.  The cat must have forgot that Mihoshi was
behind him because after he stopped Mihoshi slid into him.  "Ochh.... that
hurt."  Mihoshi wined getting up.  [Hey you ran into me.]

"But you stopped."

[Ok, ok, but stop complaining.  I am only doing what Toma told me to.]

"What Toma told you?"  <I gave to much info!!>  Ice-lynx yelled at himself.

[Never mind]

"Ok!"  Mihoshi said hapily.  The lynx raised a brow(if he had one).  <She is

insane.>

The cat pushed Mihoshi then ran infront of her and started all over.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------------

Tsunami started to revive from the snakes pioson.  Before Tsunami could do
anything the serpent bite Tsunami several times in different places.  She
fell unconscious again.  This time she didn't heal.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------------

<This time I'll blow that crab away.>  Washu thought taking aim at Crabby.

Being pushed back when she fired the white plasma ball flew straight the
upsidedown gaint crab.  When hit a large explosion hit the crab sending him
flying in the air.  "Yay, I got him!"  Washu yelled congradulating herself.

"Huh... Whats that?"  Washu asked herself seeing something fall from the
sky.
 The crab fell back and right side up now.

<Oh no.>  Washu thought getting her gun ready.  Firing again the plasma flew

at the crab.  This time the crab was facing Washu and hit swung his large
pincher hitting the ball away from him.  <Oh no.>  Washu then firing the gun

over and over agian at the crab.  But the crustacean kept flinging them away

getting closer to Washu.  Once he got to Washu the gaint crab crushed the
gun.  <Oh no.>  He than hit Washu from the side and sent fly flying to the
left.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

---------------

I am having a seriously bad writers block here so I'm gunna skip this part.

Nothing really happened but Yoera kicking Yosho's butt and everyone else I
didn'y mention running away.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

---------

"That is a VERY nice figure Ryoko."  Gendo comented looking at Ryoko.

"What?'  Ryoko looked down to find Toma kept her clothes burn.

"Toma!!"

"What?"  Toma asked appearing before Ryoko.

"Could I have some clothes!?!?"

"Sure..... wait.  I have a great idea."  Toma said with a devilish smile.
Toma started to walk towards Ryoko still with the smile.  "What are you
doing?"  Ryoko asked getting her sword ready.  Toma grabbed the sword and
snapped it.  Toma disappearing.  Ryoko looked around to see if she could see

him.  All of a sudden she stopped moving and her eyes were red.  She then
disappeared and Fee Lu appeared were see was.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------

[Ryoko!  Come out now!]  Toma yelled walking around in blackness.(Ryoko's
mind)

[How did you get here!]  Ryoko yelled at him appearing before him

[Good.]  Toma snapped his fingers and Ryoko was frozen in a block of ice.

[What are you doing!]  Ryoko somehow yelled at him from the ice.

[Don't worry, all I'm doing is controling your body.]

[Why?]

[You'll see.]

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

---------------

"Ryoko!"  Tenchi yelled in suprise with a red face and blood tricling down
his nose.

"Prepare yourself."  Toma/Ryoko said coldly.  Toma/Ryoko formed a sword like

Tenchi's light wing hawk sword but red instead of blue.

"What are you doing?"  Tenchi asked backing away.  Intead of answering T/R
jumped at Tenchi.  Tenchi froze.  He didn't recate until T/R was a foot
infront of him.  Forming his sword Tenchi barly blocked the attack.  "Ryoko!

What are you doing!?!?"  Tenchi yelled blocking or dodging each attack T/R.

"Whats it look like!"  T/R yelled slashing his leg.

Tamo then grab on of Ryoko back wings, turned it into a knife, and stabbed
it
in Tenchi's side.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------------------------

[Noooooo!!]  Ryoko yelled breaking out of her icy prison.

[What the hell?]  Toma wondered turning around.  [Wow.  You get pissed when
Tenchi's hurt don't you?]  Ryoko fly attack Toma forming a wing sword.
 [Come
on you can't stop me.]  Toma said punching Ryoko back to the remids of the
ice.

Toma then made Ryoko's body turn the sword above Tenchi's bleeding body.
Just as he was about to stab Tenchi he all of a suddenly stopped.

[What the hell!?]  Toma asked turning around to find Ryoko standing there.

[Not this again.]  Toma whinned.  Knowing Ryoko couldn't do anything to him
was going to finish what he started.  Pulling back to put the sword through
Tenchi he stopped an inch above his back.

[Again!]  He yelled turning around to find Ryoko still standing there.  [You

are not making me kill Tenchi.]  Ryoko said slowly staring at him coldly.

[You know you can't stop me forever.  I will make you kill Tenchi and
there's
nothing you can do about it.]

[I thought you weren't getting involed in this game!]  Ryoko screamed at
him.

[I chaged my mind.]  Toma said smiling.  [You don't have to kill Tenchi.]
Toma said disappearing.

[What are you doing!] Ryoko yelled at him.

[Watch.]

Tenchi started to rise and formed his light hawk sword.  Toma maked Tenchi
stab his sword in Ryoko's stomach.  When Tenchi released Ryoko Toma
disappeared from Tenchi's body and appeared outside.   After he left his
body
Tenchi fell bakcwards and Ryoko fell on top of him.  He disappeared leaving
the two bleeding on eachother. Dead.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

----------

<That was actualy kinda fun.>  Toma thought watching everyone from above.  <

Mabye I should join in.  Yay that will work.>  Toma fired a blast at the
area
were all the area's met.  The red blast hit the intersection and made the
whole made up world shatter and a room about the size of a house appeared
with everyone in it.(no Sasami)

With everyone near eachother everyone notice Ryoko and Tenchi bleeding in a
heep and Toma floating above them.(Toma has been in his human form this
whole
time)  "Tenchi! Ryoko!  Toma, what did you do to them!!"  Ayeka and Ayeka
said but a bit difrently.

"Shut up!"  Toma yelled snapping his fingers.  Everyone but him froze in
place.  "Ok.... Tenchi and Ryoko,"  Toma said making Tenching and Ryoko's
body float under his two hands.  Firing a red blast from each hand Ryoko and

Tenchi recovered from their death and got new battle clothes.  Throwing them

over with everyone else he made Tsunami's body come over to him.  Placing
Tsunami on her feet he snapped his fingers and she lost all of her clothes.

Noticing the snake wasn't on the front of Tsunami(which is very nice I might

add) he turned her around.  <Were the hell could that little serpent be?>
Toma thought turning around Tsunami again.  After turning her around a
couple
more times he noticed that snakes tail going on the side he couldn't see.  <

Got ya.>  Toma grabbed the snake's tail and pulled him off her.  "Like it
there don't ya?"  Toma asked the snake.  The snake nodded yes.  "To bad."
Toma said throwing him to the rest of the people.  Shooting Tsunami she
healed and got her robe back.  He than unfroze everyone putting what he
wanted them to do in there minds so a big agument wouldn't acure.

"Everyone know what to do?"  Toma asked.  Everyone nodded getting in a
fighting position.  "Good."  Toma turned to his spicky origanal form.  [Well

come on.]

Everyone who could started making a large energy ball.(not Fee Lu,  Mihoshi,

and Gendo)  [I didn't expect this.] Toma thought forming his own.  Everyone
else fired their blasts and all the blast formed on big energy ball.  Fiing
his own energy the red ball faded in the big blast and came towards him.
[What the hell did I do!!]  He thought putting his arms infront of him.  The

large energy blast stopped at his arms.  A couple seconds later Toma forced
the ball above him sending it flying upward.  Right after he put his arms
down Fee Lu slashed him across his chest making a brown scar on it.
 Grabbing
his scarred chest Ryoko appeared on his side and shoved a sword threw him
and
one threw his back.  Falling on his knees Toma started bleed alover the
ground.  [I made you guys to strong.]  He said weakly falling to the ground.

"You think he's really dead?"  Tenchi asked looking at the bleeding body.

[Yeah right.]

"Was that...."  Sijo(the guy who was vs. Kamidakei)  started to ask.

[Toma.]  Toma said hovering up and about a foot above them all.  [You think
I'm that easy.]

Everyone went back to a fighting postion.(Mihoshi is to scared to do any
fighting and the blue icy/water lynx is standing by her for some reason)

[Well.  Come on.  Fight me.]  Toma said landing by them all.  [I suggest Fee

Lu, Gendo, Tenchi, Ryoko, and Yosho attack me head on and the rest of you
form energy blast and fire them at me.]

Listening to Toma's advice Ryoko, Tenchi, Fee Lu, Gendo, and Yosho charged
Toma and you know the rest.  Toma kept dodging or blocking all of everyones
attacks easily and never hit one of them.

<Now the real fun begins>  Toma kept thinking avoiding every attack.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Author's Notes:  I still need to know the hieghts of 17 yearolds.  Onther
thing is if you even read this far e-mail me because I would like to know if

anyone if reading this at all.  Still want comments.
