                                  Prologue

Korami, a peaceful little planet, just got blow up.

"I love this!"  A male figure floting in space exclaimed while blasting
another planet.  "Hahahahahahahaha!"  The figure laughed blasting red beam,
after red beam, after red beam at planets destroying them instently.
 "Ah....
I love seeing stuff blow up."

Just then three female figures surround the planet destroyer.

"Who the heck are you three?"  The figure asked.  Getting no answer the
figure decided to ignore them blasting another planet.

"Stop."  One of the three figures said.

"Why?"  The planet destroying one ask blasting another planet.

Instead of getting a verbal answer  the three female figures started to
glow.
 Then a ball of energy grew in front of each of them and then fired them at
the male figure and hitting him.

When the smoke cleared the male figure was still there, not even sckarched.

"Were expecting to kill or something?"  The male figure said to the other
three who were extremely suprised.  "Now leave me alone."

Instead of the three leaving they started to glow again.  "Your trying that
again?"  The male figured asked thinking these people were pretty dumb.  But

instead of a beam white particels started to surround him.  Charging a red
beam in hims hand the male figure was going to fire it at one of the others.

"Oh no you do---"  He was caught by the white particales covered him in a
large cube.

So the three female figures disappeared leaving the male figure trapped
floating in space.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------

                                   Part 1

"No.  No, don't take them."  A sleeping Sasami turning in her sleep
mumbeled.
 A pair of red, cat-like, eyes opened in a black background.  Then Tsunami
and a goddess Washu appeared under the eyes.  Two outlined, clawed arms then

wrapped themselves around the two goddesses.  When the arms disappeared
instead of Tsunami and goddess Washu standing there, there were images of
dead Tsunami and goddess Washu.

"Nooooooo!" Sasami screamed now shaking violently in her sleep.  "Sasami!
Sasami!  Wake up!"  Ayeka said while attempting to wake up her younger
sister.

"Oh.  Ayeka, my dream, it was horrible."  Sasami spoke softly trembeling in
her sisters arms.

"It's ok now, it was just a dream." The older princess said trying to
comfort
her younger sister.

Sasami eventualy fell asleep.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------

"There shouldn't be one of those out today."  Some guy living in the country

(of course in Japan) said to himself whle looking at the sky.  He was seeing

a meteorite(comet, meteor, one of those space rocks)  "Is it me or is that
getting closer to earth?"  He thought outloud.  Unfortunetly for him it
wasn't himself.

The comet or meteor or meteorite landed 20 miles from where the guy was.  "I

have got to check that out."  The guy said while getting into his pickup.

Getting to the crash site the guy notice that there was not damage exept
abou
5 feet away from the meteorite.  Exept instead of find a large hunk of rock
he found a large area of little white pieces.  While walking around the
remarcibly cool crash site he noticed something in the middle of it all.
"Wonder want that is?"

Before he could get near it it started to get up.  Startindto back away he
was getting to see the hole figure.  It was atleast 7 feet tall and a
yellowish-brown color.  It had a head but all that was on it was a pair of
pur red cat-like eyes.  On the top was the starting of a line of spikes
getting smaller to his 7 foot tail.  His two arms had long spikes at the
elbows and several small and normal spikes on the top part of his arms.  His

hands were clawed.  His back was covered with small and normal sized spikes
like his arms.  His two legs were like his arms and back but on the front.

He had large spikes like the ones on his elbows on his knees.  His feet were

also clawed. (is it me or does that sound odd)

"Oh it feels good to move again after 50,000 year!"  The creature exclaimed
obeisly happy.

"Who, who, who, who said that?"  The country guy asked scared half to deaf
seeing an alien and now hearing voices in his head.

"Huh?  Hey you what planet is this?"  The creature asked the human man.

"How, how how are you doing that?"

[Uh.... I'm teleapathic ok now what planet is this?]

"Earth."

Earth were the heck is earth?  The creature asked himself.  Oh well, better
start looking for those three woman so I kill them.  He started to walk away

when he relized something.  It's been 50,000 years.  Who know how far
technolagy has gone in the universe.  Turning around he shoot a beam at the
guy sending him flying into a tree and falling unconsise.  Now he shouldn't
remeber any of this.  Now how am I going to find those three?  I guess I
will
try searching this planet first.  Better look like the natives.

He then started to glow white until his whole body was pur white.  Than that

white body shatter leaving a human looking figure in the middle.  He had red

human eyes and black hair like Tenchi's but a littlle thicker and with no
tail.  He was about his height too.  (an: if you know the height of a 17
year
old it would help me later if you told me) Well better start looking.  With
that he disappeared.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------

"Breakfest is ready!"  Sasami called from the kitchen.

"Sorry Sasami but I have to get to school."  Tenchi called from the door.

"Hey wait for us!"

Tenchi turned around to see who was calling.  What he saw made him
terrifided
for the rest of the day.  There was Ryoko and Ayeka, standing infront of
him,
in his school unifrom.  Tenchi, who was in complete shock, could only mutter

out one thing.  "You to aren't going to school with me, are you?"

"Yep!"  Ryoko yelled in exictement draggind Tenchi out the door.

"Miss Ryoko!  Let go of Lord Tenchi this instinet!"  Ayeka yelled chasing
them.

Something tells me this will be the worst day of my life.  Tenchi thought .

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------

"So how did you two get in school anyway?"  Tenchi asked the two girls one
the bus.

"Well Nobiyuki inrolled us yesterday after you left."  Ayeka answered.

"Washu also made fake I.D.'s and records for us."  Ryoko added.

Curse those two.  Tenchi thought after getting this information.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------

"So remeber no fighting or using your powers at school."  Tenchi said while
they were getting off the bus.

"Yes."  They both answered in union.

"Good."

On entering the school proportey basicly ever boy who could see Ryoko
started
drooling.  "Oh boy."  Tenchi thought outloud thinking of what Ryoko would do

to someone who hit on her.  Unfortunatly his thought might come true when
some stud of a jock came up to Ryoko.  "Hey gorgoues what you doing
tonight?"


"Get lost."  Ryoko responeded pushing past him.

"Hey you don't have to get pushy."  He said grabbing onto her arm.

Here it comes.  Tenchi thought.  Ryoko, who was now getting anoyyed, pulled
the arm the jock grabbed and than elbowed him right in the gut.  Ryoko,
being
much stronger than a normal human, sent the guy flying back 15 feet and
clumching his stomach.

"Ryoko!"  Tenchi yelled at Ryoko who now had eveyones eyes on her.

"Uh.... sorry."  Ryoko said as a horrible apoligy.

"Ha!  School hasn't started and you already messed up."  Ayeka boosted.

"Shut up!"  Ryoko yelled making a fist.

Tenchi, who really didn't want to draw to much attention although he was a
bit late,  put himself between them.  "Hey!  What did we talk about one
minute ago."

"Fine."  They both said turning their backs to eachother.

Yep, this will be the worst day of my life.  Tenchi thought.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------

"Uh... Tenchi?"  Ryoko said walking towards Tenchi.

"Yes?"

"Where's this class?"  She asked handing him her schedule.

"Lets see,"  He said looking at the paper, "well.. its my class."

"Really?"  Ryoko said getting very intuseastic.

"Yeah."

"Yay!"  Ryoko said in exitment cluching on the Tenchi.  (of course making
all
the boys watching jaws drop)

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------

"Well class we have a new student a Ms. Ryoko Hakubi."  The sensei said
introducing Ryoko.  Every boy in the class, even the ones who saw Ryoko
injure the jock started at her.

"Miss Ryoko please take a seat."  The sensei said.  All the seats bye Tenchi

were taken so Ryoko went to one of the seats that were next to Tenchi.
 "Move
it kid."  Fortunatly that kid was in the front of the school when Ryoko
socked the guy and he emediatly moved not wanting to die.

"Hi Tenchi!"  (again every boys jaw dropped)

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------

"Well this place looks preety populated."  The newly made human thought
outloud.(remeber the spike guy)

Walking up to the school(Tenchi's of coures) he just remebered he did't know

what to do.  Tapping into some kids, that were hanging outside the school,
minds he learned he has to go to the office and inroll in the school.

Walking past the kids one of them stood in front of him.  "Hey where you
going?"  Instead of answering he just kept walking past them.  Grabbing onto

his arm the guy asked again just in a meaner voice.  "I said where are you
going?"

Turning arounded the red eyed creature(yes spikeboy) put his hand one the
guys chest.
"Oh what are you gunna do, push me?"  The guy taunted laughing abit thinking

this guy didn't look to tough.

"Yeah."  He answer lightly pushing but senting the punks flying into the
nearest wall.  Looking at the other kids they ran like mad.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------

"I would like to inroll in this school."  Red eyes said to the person behind

desk at the schools.(what are they called anyways?)

"Where's your parent or gaurdian?"  The lady asked .

"I am them."

"Ok... wheres the student?"

"Me again."

"Ok I am going to have to ask you to leave untile your bring your child or
parents or whatever."

"I think you should let me in."  The lady behind the counter now looked
puzzled.  "I don't think your husband would like to know about that  affair
your having."  The lady now looked wide eyed.  "Or mabye I should tell the
princlable your stealing from the school."

"Are you blackmailing me?"  The lady asked nevsely.

"Yep."  Red eye said with a devilish smile.

"Uh.......  Whats your age?"

"One million, five hund......  I mean 17."

"And your name."

"Toma."

"Toma......"

"Just Toma."

"Ok?  Heres you classes and I will notify the teacher."  She said handing
him
a peice of paper.

[Thanks you.]  He told her leaving her puzzled.

(I know more should of happened here but the story gets real intresting
later
and I'm trying to cut down on the boring stuff)

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------

"Well class I seams we have a new student, a Mr. Toma....... uh.. whats your

last name"

"Its just Toma."

"Come on you have to have a last name."

"Its Just Toma."

"Never mind just sit over there."

While going to the seat he noticed Tenchi and Ryoko.  I sence two of those
three woman in them.  Thats impossible.  Desiding to tap into their minds he

fond some very intresing things and two of the woman he was searching for.

Getting a grin while looking at Ryoko everyone started getting mad at him
thinking he was going to hit on her when they wanted to.

Sitting down Toma decided to taunt them a bit.  "['m going to kill Tsunami
and Washu.] He told those two.  Now wide eyed Ryoko and Tenchi looked at
eachother.

[Love, Toma.]  They both looked at him and he responded by making his eyes
pure red.

Somethings about him I don't like.  Tenchi and Ryoko both thought.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------

"I'm telling you theres something wrong with take Tom guy"  Ryoko said to
Tenchi at his locker trying to figure out what happened.

"Like what?  That I am going to kill Tsunami and Washu and I know everything

about you two."  Toma said from behind them.

"What do you mean you know everything about us?"  Tenchi asked.

"Well Washu is Ryokos mother/creatoer, Ryoko has three jems, you produce
three light hawk wings, and what you dream about at night which I think is
just wrong."  At that last part Tenchi started to blush a bit.

"What's he dream about?"  Ryoko asked even though she didn't like Toma she
saw Tenchi blushing and had to know.

"Well he dreams about mhh ahh hmm uh ehh"  Toma was cut of when Tenchi
placed
his hand on Toma mouth.

Looking at Tenchi Toma lifted his hand and clasped it on Tenchi's literaly
crushing it.

"Never intorupt me."  Toma said in a cold voice that scared even Ryoko.  He
than punched Tenchi right in he stomach giving him pain much worse than what

Ryoko did to that jock.

"Why you.."  Ryoko said sending a full power punch at Toma's face.  Even
though it hit perfectly he didn't even flinched and Ryoko's hand hurt
intesly.

"You can't do anything to me."  Toma taunted.  Ryoko, now getting pissed,
made her energy sword in her good hand despite Tenchi saying not to and
everyone watching.  Slashing it at Toma hoping to get his shoulde or
something.  Unfortunatly he caught the sword and closed his hand and made it

disappear.  "Like I said, you can't so anything to me."  He thn kneed her in

the stomach thanclamed his hands toghether and hit her in the back making
her
fall to the ground.

Everyone watching just stood there watching to scared to do anything.  "Come

on you two we have a class to get to."  Toma said putting his hand on their
backs.  They somehow got better and wheren't in pain at all.

"We are in trouble."  Tenchi said to Ryoko watching him walk down the hall.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------

"I guess we should go meet Ayeka."  Tenchi said to Ryoko walking out of
their
last class.(they have all the same classes)

"We should shouldn't we?"  Toma said coming between them and putting his
arms
on there shoulder.

"What are you doing."  Ryoko said nervesly actully afraid of somebody(Toma
duh)

"Coming home with you two.  I need to get to the goddesses and two of them
are with you so its the best idea."

"There's no way we can stop you is there?"  Tenchi asked.

"Nope."

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------

"Ah.  Lord Tenchi, Ryoko your late.  Hum.... who's that with you?"  Ayeka
asked them.

"This is Toma, he's a..... aquantase."

"Why hello Ayeka."  Toma said aforing his hand.

"Thank you.  Wait, how do you know my name?"

"We'll tell you later Ayeka."  Tenchi said.

Ryoko hoping that Toma couldn't teleport, grabbed onto Tenchi and Ayeka and
teleported outside there house.

"Miss Ryoko!  What are you doing!"  Ayeka protesed .

"Shut up Ayeka!  We needed to ditch that guy!"

"Why would you want to ditch me?"  Toma asked standing infront of them with
his arms folded.

Tenchi and Ryoko weren't suprised but Ayeka who thought Toma was human was
completely puzzled.

"Well?  Aren't you going to introduce me to the household?"

"What why should we intro--"  Ayeka was cut off when Tenchi put his hand in
front of Aykea's face.  "Ayeka, don't make this guy mad."

[Yes, you little princess of Juria, you should listen to the man you love.]

Toma said to Ayeka.

Ayeka now wided eyes just started at the smiling monster.

"Well come in."  Tenchi said opening the door for everyone.

"Welcome home Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, Uh......"  Mihoshi said getting stuck on

Toma since she didn't know him.

"I'm Toma.  It's a pleasure to meet you Mihoshi."  Toma said in a charming
way making Mihoshi blush a bit.  Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeka had those anime
sweatdrops on their head because Mihoshi didn't relize that Toma knew her
name and she never mentioned her name.

"Ok, since I'm here I'll get down to business."  Everyone looked puzzed but
Ryoko and Tenchi who knew what might happen next.  "I would back aay if I
were you guys."

After everyone backed up Toma stood in the middle of them.  All of a sudden
his mouth, nose, and ears disappeared and his eyes became pure red and
cat-like.  His whole body became a yellowish-brown color.  His hair started
to form a spike and when it did smaller spikes started going to most of his
newly sprouted 7 foot tail.  his hands became clawed and feet became
clawed.(i still say that sounds odd)  His elbows grew large spikes on them
when his knees grew just as large spikes on them too.  Last the top of his
arms, back, and front of his legs grew small and normal spikes on them.

Everyone was to scared to do anything but watch what would happen next.  He
then put his arm in the direction of Washu's lab.  The next thing you know
Washu  is being pulled out he lab by an invisable force.  Toma than somehow
made Washu go to her adult form.  His tail than separated into 5 diffrent
little tails grabbing her arms, legs, and neck and was pushed up to the
wall.

Toma than put his hand towards the kichen and Sasami was pulled out.  His
tails separted into 5 more parts and grabbed her arms, legs, and neck.  He
than shoot a blast at her and somehow Tsunami replaced Sasami and Sasami
fell
on the floor.(yes he defused Sasami and Tsunami)

[Know you die!]  He said charging two blast in his palms.  When he was about

to fire at them he suprisingly stoped.  [Wait.  Killing you won't be enough
for 50,000 years of floating in space trapped.]  He turned his head and
looked at everyone else.  [If I had a mouth I would have a "I have an evil
plan" smile on]

He than dropped Tsunami and Washu.  He than snapped his fingers and Yosho(i
don' know his name) appeared out of nowhere.  He tahn snapped again and
everything around them went black.

"Toma!  What are you doing!"  Tsunami yelled at Toma.

[I'm giving you a chance to live.] He answered.

[I'm going to play a game with you all.  I call it "Find the Red Sqaure".  I

will put all of you in a diffrent invorment but they will all be connected.

If any of you can stand on the red sqaure you all win.]

"What happens if he win?"  Ryoko asked.

[You all live.]

"If we lose"

[You all die]

Toma snapped his fingers again and everyone appeared in a straight line.(in
case you don't know the people who are in the line are Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka,

Yosho, Azaka, Kamadake, Mihoshi, Sasami, Tsunami, and Washu)

Toma than extracted hid tail and grabbed Sasami's body.  "What are you doing

with her!"  Ayeka yelled at Toma demanding an answer. [Well I was going to
bring her back to life.  If you don't mind that is.]  "Oh.... ok"  [Good]
 He
than shoot a blast at Sasami.  Instead of blowing up she started to open her

eyes.

"What happened."  Sasami asked.

[I'll explain later just go through that door and make dinner]  Toma said
making a door appear that leads to a kicthen.  Sasami looked at Ayeka who
was
nodding yes.  Sasami started to walk to the door.  [Oh and make dinner for
20!]

"For 20!"

[there are going to be many dinner guest.]

"Oh ok."

After she left Toma started to explain the rules.

[One of you guys must find the red sqaure and stand on it.  There will be
someone trying to stop you.  You are not alowwed to kill but can get real
close to it.  The areas you are in are connected so you can meet eachother
later.]

"Why should we play this stupid game!"  Ryoko yelled at Toma.

[How do you propose to stop me.  I over power the three goddesses by much.

Ask Tsunami if you don't belive me.]  Everyone looked at Tsunami.  "Lets
play.  If we don't play he'll probaly kill us."

[Good.  Now before we stat I should do some stuff to help you.]

He tan appeared behind Mihoshi.  He than placed his hands on her
shoulders."Wha,wha,wha, what are you doing?"  Mihoshi asked very scared.
[Don't worry I'm not going to hurt you.]  He said to Mihoshi.  He than
started to make Mihoshi glow.  Mihoshi who was scared to much to move just
stood there.  She than was change to her normal clothes to that GP battle
suit she used while invading Soji(Kagato's ship)  [She told you I wouldn't
hurt you.]  He than let go of the petrified Mihoshi.

He than Apeared in front of Ayeka, Azaka, Kamadakei, and Yosho.  [Now for
you
four.]  He shoot a blast at each of the powering them up to much higher
level
than they were.  [Well your all done]

He than appeared infront of Tenchi and Ryoko..  He held out his hand and
Tenchi(the sword) and Ryoko's gem came to his hand.  "Hey!" Ryoko yelled
running towards him.  [Hold on!]  He than poked his fingers on the two gems
on the sword and pulled them out.  He removed one of the gems and threw it
at
Ryoko's left wrist.  He picked another one and threw it a Ryoko's right
wrist.  He picked the last one and threw it at her neck.  Right when the
third gem hit Ryoko the gems started to glow.  Than two light wing hawks
appeared in front of her and 10 behind her in the formation of two wings.(as

i see it Washu is the strongest goddesses and I think the gems contain
Washus
power and Tsunami can make 10 so seee should make more.)

He than thren Tenchi(the sword ) to Yosho for him to use it.  Than he
appeared in front of Tenchi and put his hand on his head.  Than Tenchi
Produced 6 light wing hawks.  "Why do I have 6 light wing hawks?"  Tenchi
asked.  [Three isn't powerful enough and yours are the most powerful of
everyones.]

[Well your all ready]  Toma snapped his fingers and they all disappeared.
 He
snapped again and 9 figures appeared.  After teling then who to go after at
the begeing they disappeared.  He than disappeared.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

---------------------------------------------

[So Sasami you want to know what happened]  Toma asked Sasami.

"Sure but can you change your form your really disturbing me.  No affence."

[None taken] Toma than turned into his human form.  "This better?"

"Yes."

"Ok heres what happened."  Toma explained what happened to Sasami and
Ryo-ohki(i forgot about her till now,sorry)

"So you my kill them?"  Sasami asked sounding sad.

"No.  I have n intencitions of actually killing then.  I just want some
intretanment."

"Oh.... really?"

"Yep."

"Well thats better."  Sasami said now sounding a bit better.

"Now make dinner ok."

"Ok"  Sasami said even more cheerful(don't know why)starting to make dinner
with Ryo-ohki

Now the games begin.  Toma thought while teleaporting over the area to watch

the big fight.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------

Authors Notes:  I know this probally sucks right now but the next couple
parts will have lots of action.  Give me good and bad comments.  This is
also
my first fan fic I intend to end.  E-mail comments to Magukarugo@AOL.com.
