    Disclaimer: Pioneer, not I, owns the characters that I 
have used from the Tenchi Muyo 
Continuity series. This story is simply for entertainment ( 
even if it comes at my own expense),
not for profit. Comments, good or bad, may be sent to 
:DWADE12961@AOL.COM. Anyone who actually
would like to post this on a website may, just let me know. 
Thanks, and let the good times roll.

============================================================
Tenchi Muyo
copyrighted by AIC/Pioneer.

Characters used without permission, but with the greatest 
respect.
Please don't sue: a simple letter of complaint is 
sufficient.

============================================================


	THE HEART OF A DEMON AND THE TEAR OF A MOTHER


One day at the Masaki household  Tenchi 
,Ryoko,Ayeka,Washu,Sasami,Kiyone,Mihoshi,Yosho,Nobuyuki
and  baby Mymuka where sit eating dinner.Washu was feeding 
the baby .Sasami gave Reokoke a carrot to eat. As always 
Ryoko was hanging on Tenchi . Tenchi ask Ryoko to behave. 
Tenchi stop pretending you don't like it! Said Ryoko. Ryoko 
what are you doing to load Tenchi !!! Ayeka screaming!!!! 
Ayeka whats the matter??? Said Ryoko in a devilis voice.Quit 
trying to suduce lord Tenchi!Ayeka said with an evil stare.
Im not seducing Tenchi me and Tenchi are in love! Said 
Ryoko. Love hahahahahaha.said Ayeka. What ever made you 
thank lord Tenchi would ever love a demon!!! Yelled Ayeka. 
The room became quit .Ryoko 
Let go of Tenchi and grabed Ayeka by the top of here shirt 
and lifted her above her head. Ryoko eyes glowed red then 
turn black.Ayeka  called her gardions for helpbut Ryoko 
shoot a energy blast that knocked them out with one 
shoot.Ryoko stop it said Tenchi.Mymuka started to cry and 
Washu was try to comi her down. Look Ayeka if you ever say 
any thing like that ever  again around Mymuka again I will 
kill you where you stand . Said Ryoko . If you have 
forgotten Mymuka is part demon and she is also Tenchis child 
.And I will not hear any one talk that  way around her . I 
will not let people treat her the way people treated me when 
I was under Kagoto contral.YOU GOT THAT AYEKA DO YOU HEAR 
ME!!!! Ryoko sceamed in her most darkest voice as tears ran 
down her face.Yes I've got it .Said  Ayeka in fear. Ryoko 
let go of Ayeka and then walk over to Mymuka and took the 
baby to her room. Every on sat the stund at Ryoko out burst 
even Washu look shocked.Ayeka was on the floor scared to 
death as Sasami and Mihoshi tried to cunfort her. Tenchi got 
up and said he should go comi Ryoko down. Tenchi went up the 
stair to Mymuka room as he started to open the door he could 
her Ryoko talking to Mymuka . he heard her tell her don't 
worry I want let anything harm you or your daddy.I'll 
protect you I sware .Then he heared something we would never 
forget. MAMA! Said Mymuka. Then  Ryoko had tear running down 
her face and she said .
No I'm sorry but I'm not your mother I wish I was but I'm 
not.Cryed Ryoko. Then  Ryoko put the baby to bed and flew 
out the window. Down stairs Washu was still sitting in the 
same place not moving a musle 
Her  eyes where still wide open. Are you alright said Yosho 
to Washu . Yes I've never seen that in my dathers eyes 
before  even when she has all three gems her eye only turn 
red but they turned black and she only has one gem. I know 
said Yosho. I beleave every word she said and that scares 
me. Said Washu.
Tenchi was on his way out to talk to Ryoko  when Washu stop 
him. Let her have some time alone. Said Washu. Ok said 
Tenchi in a wavy voice. 


The next morning 

	Tenchi was in his bed thing about what happen last 
night and what happen after it keep ring in his head .MAMA 
she called her mama I see how see can say that Ryoko has 
been the every day and night watching  over her as if she 
was her own child. Then he started thing about his mother. 
She would have reacted the same way as Ryoko any mother 
would.  But Ryoko was not her mother .then he got up and 
went to talk to Washu. Tenchi went in to the lab he looked 
everywhere for her but she was not there this is not like 
Washu he thought.  He left the lab then he saw Washu laying 
on the couch this is the first time she sleep out side here 
lab. Tenchi walked over to Washu and shaked her a little say 
Little Washu wake up!
Washu woke up and said what's up Tenchi ???? Did you sleep 
out here all night? Yes I did not fell like going back to my 
lab fun isn't this is the first time in 2000 year I did not 
sleep in my lab.
Then Tenchi ask when was the first time ?? When my little 
Ryoko was born I sleep beside her every night.  Till Kagoto 
came and took us away from each other that was the second 
time I lost my child. It hard for Ryoko to call me mom when 
she can't remember the way we were before Kagato. Ill never 
forgive 
My self for not being able to protect her but I still love 
her. I know said Tenchi.  Well im going to look for Ryoko 
ok. Ok said Washu. Just as he was about to go out the door 
Ryoko came in trough the roof.
Tenchi can you get everybody together please? said Ryoko. Hu 
? Ok. Said Tenchi. Tenchi got ever body together. An hour 
later every one was gathered in the living room. Ok the 
reason I ask Tenchi to get all of you together was that I 
owe yaw an apology. Ayeka im sorry for what I said and did. 
Everyone im sorry for the way I acked sorry. Then she pazed 
out and went to the roof. What is going on with her!!! Said 
Washu puzzled. I thank she snap Said Ayeka.Thats mean Ayeka. 
Said Sasami. I agree with Sasami said. Tenchi

That night at the lake

	Ryoko sat by the tree that she went to when Tenchi slap 
her when she was trying to protect him from mymuka when she 
came. She was thanking about her past as she looked out into 
space.
It was one big nightmare that she will live with all her 
life. She though about Tenchi when he was growing up. The 
words that Ayeka said were true how could Tenchi ever love 
her a monster. Then the word Tenchi said ring in her ears 
(YOUR THAT FREAZED DRIE MUMMY)(MONSTER)(YOUR CRAZY)(I HATE 
YOU I HATE YOU) Then a single tear dropped from her eyes. 
Nomore never again. She through the teleported to Washu lab. 
Moms are you here. Said. Ryoko. What is it little Ryoko said 
Washu. Quit calling me little im taller the you are mom. In 
a stern voice. Sorry but what can I do for you?? I need a 
ship. Said Ryoko
A ship but you got Ryoke? Said Washu. I'm leaving her here. 
Said Ryoko.why.said Washu She will be more happier here then 
with me.oh so your not coming back. Said Washu with a sad 
voice. No said Ryoko.
I'll have one ready in the morning. So your not going to the 
Tenchi are you ask Washu. No if I see him I want be able to 
go. Will you do two things for me mom?? Said Ryoko yes any 
thing don't tell Tenchi and watch after mymuka for me please 
mom! OK said a sad Washu. I'm going to miss you mom Said 
Ryoko.same here Said Washu.then Ryoko went to Ayeka and 
Sasami room. Ayeka ,Sasami wake up I need to tell you 
something important! What is it its in the middle of the 
night. Said Ayeka yea Ryoko said Sasami.
I need to ask you two for some favors ok .ok said the 
belittled Ayeka And Sasami What is it? Ok Sasamii want you 
to take care of Ryeke ok why where are you going im leaving. 
What why I don't belong here. Ayeka I want you to take care 
and protect Tenchi ok. Ok said Ayeka.one last favor please 
don't tell Tenchi ok
Ok said a sad Ayeka and Sasami. Goodbye my friends then she 
pazed away. In Mymuka room she went to say good-bye. Good-
bye little on and kiss her on the head. The she pazsed in to 
Tenchi room .she walked over to his bed and stared at him 
then she bent down an kissed him on the the lips and said 
good bye my love.

	That night Tenchi was dreaming about his mother. And 
about Ryoko the last words he said to his mother where I 
hate you. Then his dream flash to when Ryoko was wearing his 
moms Dress and tore the sleeves off and then he said I hate 
you then he flash to the time when Kagato toke her away. 
Then a rapid flash a of all the time he was happy when he 
saw Ryoko then it flashed to when his mom died and Ryoko was 
there to help even if her\ could not see her but he felt her 
then he was behind him self at that time and slowly a ghost 
like Ryoko try to comfort him then like lighting he sees him 
self slapping her then all the memory fast forward and then 
he saw Ryoko fade away in his dream.

Late that morning Ryoko new ship took off and left earth. 
The take off cause the whole house to sake waking up Tenchi 
he ran down stairs and asked what was going on Washu and the 
others were all in the liveing room crying. What wrong why 
is every one crying. Said Tenchi. Tenchi sit down I've got 
something to tell you Said washu. What is it? Its Ryoko.what 
what happen to her panic Tenchi said. She left this Morning 
Said washu. What t why????? Tenchi asked She said she didn't 
belong here! said sobbing Sasami
Why didn't any one tell me ???Tenchi ask with anger in his 
eyes! She asked us not to tell you Tenchi cause if she saw 
you she could not leave1 Said Washu NO said  a crying  
Tenchi, I never got to tell her how i fell about her!as 
Tenchi begon to fall to his knees . 

To be continued
