
Tenchi Muyo is owned By Pioneer and AIC. This story mixes continuities 
by introducing Nagi into the first Tenchi Muyo series.Christopher is a 
original along with Shasta and some others. Anyway onto the story.
________________________________________________________________________


Alpha prime----farming colony 

Christopher Tenuo stood at the edge of his wives grave and thought back 
to the events that lead to her sudden passing.

----flashback----

 "So you told him we couldn't help him right." Chris asked his wife over 
the dinner table.

" yeah I told him with the baby coming that we weren't going to have 
enough room." His wife Linda replied.

" Well I don't know why he bothered to ask in the first place." Chris 
stated angrily thinking about his guest recent request.

"He is my brother.so I guess he thought we would take him in." She 
answered honestly.

"If only he wasn't a wanted criminal." Chris told his wife trying to end 
the discussion.

"I don't believe he did all those things they accused him of." She 
argued "If he could only stay out of trouble he would be alright." 

"Yeah but he's a grown man he can take care of himself.and I will take 
care of you." Chris said placing his hands on his wife's stomach " I 
take care of you too.little Chris."

----Knock--- Knock 

" I wonder who it could be this late at night." Chris said as he made 
his way to the door. Opening it he saw three men standing there their 
faces hidden behind the shadows cast on them from their large western 
style hats. They wore black trench coats and carried plasma revolvers in 
their holsters looking at them he immediately knew who they were.

"Bounty Hunters.is their anything I can help you with." Chris asked 
politely trying to avoid a fight.

" We are looking for a Mrs. Linda Tenuo." They replied looking beyond 
him into the house for any sign of her.

"She's busy right now is their something I can do for you." Chris asked 
curiously attempting to keep his wife out of this.

"You can start by getting out of our way." The man closest to him said 
coldly pushing him aside and quickly removing his revolver from his 
coat. Behind him the other men began to remove their weapons and enter 
the room.

"Hey what the hell." Chris shouted as he ran to catch up with men who 
were walking into the kitchen shouting his wife's name.

" Chris what's going on." Linda asked worriedly jumping up from the 
table and running to her husband.

"You are Linda Tenuo brother of Steven Delvan." The groups leader stated 
" two weeks ago you got a visit from your brother after he left this 
planet we lost track of him.where did he go." 

"I.I don't know." Linda answered trembling against her husband. "He 
never told me where he was going to go."

"Hum.here's the problem." The leader stated shaking his head " I don't 
believe you understand how serious this is Mrs. Tenuo." 

The leader of the group motioned with his hand slightly and two 
companions launched themselves at Chris grabbing his arms and pushing 
his wife to the floor. The leader looked towards the woman on the ground 
then back to her husband who was struggling against his captors.

"Maybe this will jog your memory." The leader said pointing his gun 
towards her husband and firing a bullet into his leg.

"CHRIS.." Linda shouted as she threw herself on him trying to stop his 
bleeding. 

The leader motioned with his hands again and the man brought the woman 
to her feet kicking her husband down as he tried to hold onto her.

"Your brother is worth a lot of money.and a lot of time was spent 
chasing him." The leader said pulling a bat like device from his belt. 
"Tell me where he is ." 

"I DON'T KNOW." Linda shouted cursing the fact she had to be related to 
him in the first place.

"Your not being very helpful.' The leader said smashing the bat against 
her face only to have it lightly bounce off without leaving a scratch.


"You look surprised." The leader said looking at Linda's shocked 
expression. "This is a kinetic bat the each time you hit something it 
gains in density." 

"You still look confused.what I said was it never hurts the first time 
only the second and the third and so forth." The leader said smashing 
the bat against her husband and drawing blood to prove his point.

"One last time.it would be a waste to destroy such a beautiful face." 
The man said threateningly gripping the bat in his hands tightly.

"I don.don't know " Linda said closing her eyes and awaiting the killing 
blow. 

"So be it." The leader shouted swinging the bat at her head as her 
husband watched helpless her neck snapping with a sickening crunch.

"NNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO" Chris screamed as he watched his wife 
die. " You bastards you will pay." 

"Oh yeah the husband.." the leader said looking at him as if he was some 
kind of bug "Do you know where Steven is ." 

"Linda.oh Linda ." Chris cried over his wife's fallen body.

"Didn't think so.hell this whole thing was a long shot anyway." The 
leader said putting back his bat and removing his gun. Bending down he 
looked Chris in the face smiling he watched as a scorpion made its way 
across the kitchen floor coming from outside to escape to the warm house 
from the cold night air. "Interesting animals these scorpion's.you know 
they only exist on two planets this one and so backwater shit-hole world 
known as earth. They are the ultimate predators their fast, strong, 
poisonous and they are hard to kill.I've always admired that in a 
species. the will to survive." The leader looked back to Chris who bled 
on the floor his eyes on his dead wife  

" Don't worry you'll be together soon enough." And with that said he 
placed three rounds in his chest. "Come on boys it time to go home."

------------End flashback-------------

Chris stopped his prayer and looked up from his wives grave it had been 
five years since the day his neighbors had saved his life as he laid 
bleeding on his kitchen floor. Five years since the day his wife and 
unborn child were murdered before his eyes. Turning back to the house he 
gathered up what little remained of his past life in a small sack. 

Time had changed him in the last few years. He had become harder, colder 
he had 
seemed to of had aged ten years and although he was only twenty five he 
already looked like he was in his late thirties. His once black hair was 
now outlined with a trace of gray and his once thin frame now covered in 
hard earned muscle. Over the years he become a specialist, a new kind of 
bounty hunter that only hunted other bounty hunters.

 He had taken the name Scorpio the Hunter after the little speech given 
to him by the man who destroyed his life.also it was a mixed up spelling 
of his name for he believed the man he once was no longer existed. After 
his thirst for vengeance had been filled with the death of his wife's 
murders at his hands he felt a emptiness that could only be felt with 
the collection of a new fee. Now the emptiness was back and already he 
had chosen his next target a woman who was a legend in the world of 
bounty hunting a challenge he could finally enjoy.

"Soon.you will be mine." Chris thought as he looked at the newspaper 
photo of a young lady bring in her newest bounty. "Soon you will know 
what it is like to be hunted.Nagi" 
_______________________________________________________________________         


Deep in space----the Shadow's Run ( space pirate, thief, bounty hunter 
bar.)


A old man walks into the bar carefully eyeing the people around him 
after he is sure he is unnoticed he runs back outside and returns with a 
little girl of about twelve years quickly they make their way to the 
back of the bar and hid in a dark corner booth.

"Grandpa are you sure we are safe here.' The little girl said looking at 
a fight breaking out over at one of the card tables.

"I'm sorry Shasta but this is the last place they would look for 
us...and besides we might be able to find someone to help us." The old 
man replied sadly. 

This had to be the lowest moment of his life. His granddaughter who he 
raised after her parents death was wanted for 1st degree murder of a 
Jurian noble despite the fact it was self defense and that the pervert 
got what he deserved. The mans family had deep pockets and strong 
connections soon everyone was after the golden child, the girl with the 
three million Juria bounty on her head. Friends, neighbors, everyone 
wanted her the fact she was a innocent child washed away with thoughts 
greed. 

"Grandpa I'm sorry about..." Shasta said quietly only to interrupted by 
her grandfather.

"No...never apologize for what you had to do." Her grandfather said 
sadly. "that bastard deserved it and had I known about it before I would 
have killed him myself."


A silence fell through the room curiously Shasta and her grandfather 
looked up from their conversation to see what got the attention of the 
entire room. Next to the bar a broadcast was playing the picture of a 
small girl and her grandfather was posted on the screen the word three 
million Juria flashed under it. Everyone's attention went to the girl 
and her grandfather sitting at the table whispers of "That's the girl." 
Went through them as the sound of energy guns and swords powering up was 
heard through out the room.

"Its them." someone at the bar said removing his gun and pointing it 
towards them only to have it shot out of his hand.

"SHE'S  MINE.' shouted a person from a table in back. silence filled the 
room for a full three seconds before all hell broke loose.

BAM.....BANG......SWING......BAM.....BAM..

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH" Everyone screamed everyone tried to kill 
everyone else to claim the child first.

"We should get out of here." Shasta's grandfather said grabbing the girl 
and trying to sneak by the war in front of them.

"And where do you think your going." Someone shouted readying a knife to 
throw at Shasta only to be shot in the head from behind.

" Come with me if you want to live." Chris shouted holstering his gun 
and walking over the body of the fallen knife thrower.

'Who are you ." Grandfather said suspiciously holding on to his 
granddaughter.

"The names Scorpio." Chis said extending his hand. 

" You mean Scorpio as in The Hunter Scorpio." Shasta said excitedly 
"It's ok grandpa he's one of the good guys."

" So glad to see I'm reaching the preschool market." Chris said 
sarcastically "What's next a Saturday morning Cartoon." 

Taking out a thin metal chain with a razor tip he gave a order to duck 
to Shasta and her grandfather as he swung it around his head quickly 
cutting the throats of four men who got a little too close.

"Sweet Tsunami." The old man said in awe as he watched Chris pocket his 
chain and start to clear the way to the door using a mixture of martial 
arts moves and firepower.

"all right its clear.." Chris said as he broke down the door. turning 
around waved over the little girl placing her outside. looking back to 
the old man he saw him sprawled over the floor a rodent looking man 
beside him with a smoking shotgun. 

" You bastard." Chris firing several rounds into the man face. " Damn."

Chris bent over the grandfather's dying body the sounds of gunfire 
disappearing till he could only hear the dying man last words "Take care 
of my Shasta."

" Y...yeah I'll see what I can do." Chris said standing up angrily "But 
first I have something else to take care of." 

Turning and walking out the bar the heat of the battle behind him he 
gathered the little girl and went back to his ship. Silently they 
watched as the bar exploded from the bombs he planted before he left and 
as the ashes of the bar and its occupants rained down on them they left 
the planet together only emptiness remaining inside. He let her cry on 
his shoulder and soon together the would end their emptiness by 
destroying the inspiration of all bounty hunters Nagi.    
________________________________________________________________________
_____________   


Nagi leaned back in her chair on the deck of Ken-oki drinking sake and 
tossing crumbled papers into the waste basket behind her.

" Ok how about this, we kidnap the boy and when Ryoko comes to rescue 
him we lead them here." Nagi said pointing to a point on a star chart 
marked with a skull. " She follow your shadow in here and be torn apart 
by the gravity of these two planets, then all we have to do is wait four 
days till the gravity shifts and go pick up the pieces."

" Miya.. Miya." Ken-oki replied angrily "Mewo.Miya." 

"You should forget about Ryo-oki it would never work, she a wanted 
criminal." Nagi said exhaustedly "besides it would happen so fast she 
won't feel a thing." 

"Miya.Miya." Ken-oki shouted back.

"Fine.we'll think up something else." Nagi said disappointed crumbing up 
that plan and tossing into the ever growing pile.

"Miya " Ken-oki warned loudly 

"What.theirs a ship approaching." Nagi said in surprise " But we're 
cloaked how did they find us."  Nagi said to herself. "Open a 
communication line.." 


Ken-oki's computer screen opened up to reveal a attractive man with long 
black hair outlined with gray streaks his eyes were cold and steel-like 
gray. He wore all black from his trench coat to his boots the only item 
of color on him was a small sliver scorpion on a chain on his neck. 
Beside him was a small blond headed girl about twelve years old playing 
a pocket computer

"Who do you think you are.this ship is cloaked for a reason." Nagi 
chastised the man.

"My name is Scorpio, Nagi you have a price on your head and I tend to 
collect." Scorpio said coldly giving her a icy stare.

"No.your lying." Nagi said nervously. Often she hears of the newest 
competition  in the galaxy and this man was no exception he already 
gained  a reputation for being the first Bounty-hunter hunter. 

"Let me board your ship and find out." Scorpio said flashing her a 
emotionless smile.

"..Ken-oki get us out of here." Nagi shouted she was not scared but she 
wasn't stupid either in the few years that Scorpio had been around he 
already managed to take out all her biggest competition and she was 
unprepared to fight such a opponent on short notice.

The ships rocketed into space at a blinding speed dodging piles of 
asteroids and reflecting laser shots at each other the force of each 
others blast quivering their force-fields. 

"We can't take much more of this Ken-oki " Nagi shouted "Take us there." 
She said pointing to the skull in the star charts.

"Meya.Miya." The cabbit warned it's master

"Yeah and what do you think going to happen if we stay out here." Nagi 
shouted back "Besides it's just your shadow." 

The dark ship Ken-oki halted in space and split into two beings both the 
ship took off behind the planet Aquarius and out of the site of Scorpio 
silently he watched as one of the ships took off to the east as the 
other took off to the west. 

"Shit.I didn't know they could do that." Scorpio said to the girl in the 
co-pilot seat beside him. "Shasta got any idea which one to follow."

Shasta looked up from her game with a sigh so far she had beaten her old 
score twice and was working on the extra levels.

" Alright I'll see what I can do." Shasta said summoning her holo-
computer modeled after her hero and idol the great Washu. "Hum. just as 
I thought the one on the left is a decoy." She replied wisely

"Are you sure." Scorpio asked knowing they would have only one chance.

" Yah. the decoy ship has everything but Nagi's DNA, Psychic, and life 
patterns.which means she not on it." The girl answered bored before 
returning to her game.

"Cool lets do it" Scorpio shouted as his ship followed a very surprised 
Nagi. "I got her in my sites" 

Click.Click

"Damn did you remember to recharge the photon cannon." Scorpio asked 
shocked 

"No it was your turn.." Shasta replied shaking her head. "Use the 
tractor beam."

"oh yeah.." Scorpio agreed blasting Nagi's ship with a beam that held it 
in place.


"Damn.." Nagi shouted in frustration "How did he figure us out." 

" Miya.Miya." Ken-oki informed it master 

"What a tractor beam." Nagi said in shock they have been hunting in 
space for last two hundred  years and had never been caught before. 
"well lets just make this battle more personal." She said charging her 
energy whip and waiting to be boarded.

Minutes past and still they were free from attack the light from her 
whip began to fade as it began to lose its charge.

"Oh I get it they plan to hold us here till were bored to death." Nagi 
said sarcastically "well your going to have to do better then that." She 
finished grabbing her sake and leaning back in her chair trying to 
figure out how to be freed.

Suddenly without warning Ken-oki began to move as Scorpio's ship began 
to move forward the beam pushing Ken-oki ahead of him. Quickly they 
gained speed as stars started to move around them at a incredible pace.

"Ken-oki bring up the star-charts." Nagi ordered trying to find out 
where they were being led. "Shit.a mine field." She yelled as she saw 
their destination one of the few remaining mine field from the days of 
inter-galactic war.


"Is this really necessary." Shasta asked as the ship before them plunged 
into the darkness of space increasing its speed every second.

"Well we're out of ammo.." Scorpio answered back.  "Besides I expect a 
call any second now.

" What are you doing." Nagi shouted as her face appeared on the main 
screen. "Your going to get us all killed."

"Only you.." Scorpio replied "we'll most likely survive the crash.of 
course you are welcome to board my ship." Scorpio added pushing a button 
on the control panel and delivering Nagi the his ship's exact 
coordinates.

Nagi looked toward the space out of her window and saw the last warning 
sign of the mine-field ahead she knew she had no choice but to 
surrender. "Ken-oki beam me aboard the ship."

Scorpio waited guns drawn as a figure materialized on the deck of his 
ship. Quickly he ordered Nagi to remove her weapons and toss them before 
him.

"Now for the cabbit.order it to turn back to a fluff ball." Scorpio 
demanded.

" How I'm in here.and he's out there." Nagi said mockingly "You should 
have thought this through."

" Use your mental connection or I will continue to fly into the mind-
field till he is no longer a threat." Scorpio ordered surprising Nagi 
with his knowledge of cabbits.

The huge space ship known as ken-oki began to shirk as it became a small 
cabbit and proceeded to be lead into the ship via the tractor beam.

"Okay you got me you got my ship.what now." Nagi asked impatiently as 
her companion materialized and was quickly placed in a restraining 
collar. 

" Now to collect my fee." Scorpio grinned." Sorry to say the contract 
specifically  states you need to be dead.however I always wanted to try 
you out in combat." Scorpio stated eagerly tossing her a axe from the 
shelf. "Neutral weapons I know from researching you that you don't have 
much training with this weapon and neither do I so this should be quite 
a learning experience ." 

The battle started slowly at first as each fighter gripped the weapons 
and tried to get used to them. Soon it began to increase in speed as the 
warriors to rush each other with furious stokes each with enough force 
to destroy a piece of the ship with each near miss. Shasta watched 
eating popcorn while Scorpio ducked a nearly decapitating blow and 
delivered a swing the would have taken off one of Nagi's legs had she 
not leaped above it and behind his back. 

"Your very good.Nagi." Scorpio said quickly turning around and blocking 
a attack to the face.

"Your not so bad yourself." Nagi admitted successfully blocking three 
more strikes from her opponent

Shasta watched with growing interest as Scorpio and Nagi preformed this 
violent combat quickly she glanced toward Nagi's companion Ken-oki who 
laid still on the floor face down.

"Oh man.." Shasta said as she made her way to the furry creature. " 
dang.I bet the materialization screwed up his basic genetic structure by 
reorganizing his DNA." She said sadly as she removed the creature's 
collar and summoned her holo-computer to save it's life. Quickly Ken-oki 
sprang up from the floor where it was playing dead and started towards 
the fight just in time to see it's master on her knees her axe across 
the room behind her and fount of her a big man was lowering his.

"Miya.Miya." Ken-oki shouted leaping though the air and biting the man 
on his hand causing him to drop the axe in a mixture of surprise and 
pain.

"what are you doing free." Scorpio said in shock as the creature stood 
in front of its master growling.

"Ken-oki transform.." Nagi screamed. 

The ship began to tear as ken-oki began to transform into his battleship 
form destroying the hull quickly he beamed his master aboard and took 
off into space smashing through Scorpio's ship like a hot knife through 
butter. 

"Shasta get to the escape ship." Scorpio shouted taking the little girls 
arm and jumping into their last chance for surival. 


Nagi watched as Scorpio's ship became a blazing fireball in space and 
shock her head sadly she felt sorry for the daughter of the man who had 
to share his fate. Her communication line opened up and Scorpio's face 
appeared causing her to gasp in disbelief.

"I almost had you Nagi.consider that your warning I will not stop till 
you are dead." Scorpio said before breaking the connection.

"Damn." Nagi thought to herself this man is one tough son of a bitch she 
was going to need better weapons, information on this guy, she was going 
to need help. " Damn Ken-oki were going to need.Ryoko." 

     
         TO BE CONTINUED.....	

























          

  
