            
                                  Destiny
                                     By 
                             Divine Death Dragon




Well today would be the day, the day that Ryoko would truly tell Tenchi that 
she loved him, but every time she told Tenchi that she loved him Tenchi 
seemed to not care, but what if Tenchi didn't care?, no matter to day was the 
day and thats was it but the question was what next?

Ryoko had woken up and left her room to go and see Tenchi, she had phased out 
of her room and went into Tenchi's room, she just floated right next to 
Tenchi's bed and all she could do was just be happy, she had sheaded a single 
tear of nothing more than pure joy, she was so happy because if it wasn't for 
Tenchi Ryoko would still be in that cave probably for the rest of her life, 
just then Ryoko was extremely surprised when she saw Tenchi still asleep and 
he whispered her name in his sleep, Ryoko was nothing more than suprised, 
Ryoko never heard Tenchi say her name in his sleep, what was he dreaming 
about, thats was the question indeed.

                                                                         
Tenchi's Dream

                                                  
                                                                          
Destiny Awaits

"Ryoko please stop this you said you loved me so why cant you believe me when 
I said I love you," said Tenchi blocking Ryoko's onslaught of attack's

"You expect me to believe you when I saw you express you true feeling's to 
Ayeka, how could you, all you had to do was Tenchi instead of breaking my 
heart, just tell me."replied Ryoko as she stopped attacking Tenchi

The two warriors looking at each other both warriors were extremely 
powerfull, Tenchi summoned up his powers and with out warning the Light Hawk 
Wings appeared, he saw Ryoko but Tenchi didn't want to kill Ryoko, but Ryoko 
seemed to want to kill Tenchi, Ryoko had changed some much her one gems was 
so powerfull, how could the one who loved him the most now want him dead as a 
door nail, Tenchi had raised his Tenchi-ken and hand it pointed and a 
attacking stance but was alarmed when her felt a tugging on the sword, Tenchi 
looked at the sword and look at the two remaining gem's that belonged to 
Ryoko, the two gem's started to vibrate with such force that almost got out 
of Tenchi's hand, the two gem's literally broke them selves free from the 
sword and went straight towards Ryoko's neck and other wrist, with that power 
the two gem had gave Ryoko the ultimate power, Ryoko now also had the power 
of the Light Hawk Wings, just then Tenchi looked at Washu who was observing 
the whole battle since it started, even she was suprised that the gem's could 
even do that.

"Tenchi be careful Ryoko's feels betrayed because of you thats why her gem's 
came to her, please dont harm her I beg of you Tenchi she is my beloved 
daughter..............."said Washu but just then Washu was hit by one of 
Ryoko's energy beams.

Washu had fallen to the ground knocked out cold, Ayeka, Sasami, and Mihoshi 
went to the scientist to see if she was alright, just then Ayeka was almost 
strucken by Ryoko energy beam, Ayeka had a determined look on her face and 
she summoned Azaka Kamidaki the two wooden guardian came to the princess but 
were mere toy's to Ryoko's power, with a wave of Ryoko's hand two energy 
beams the sized of bowlingball's both  hit Azaka and Kamidaki and both of the 
guardians just were destroyed, Ayeka was starting to become scared but still 
held her own, just then Ryoko came right next to Ayeka and brought formed an 
energy sword and out it right next to Ayeka's throat, just then Ryoko was 
going to strike Ayeka when Tenchi blocked Ryoko's attack.

"Ryoko stop this please, i love you, we all love you, but I wont let you take 
the life of Ayeka or any other person" yelled Tenchi

"Any other person huh, well lets see Tenchi?"replied Ryoko with a devil-like 
grin on her face which meant probably something wrong.

Ryoko had put her head down in shame and saw her reflection in a puddle of 
water,but still had her energy sword, all she could see was a space pirate 
who fell in love with the man who didn't love her but he said he did but she 
knew he was lyeing, Ryoko had raised her head with a new determination on her 
face but nobody knew what she would do, not even Washu because Ryoko some how 
blocked her mental mind link, Ryoko had looked at Tenchi a said that  she 
loved him and raised her energy sword and thrusted it striaghted it right 
into her heart, the main source of her heartache, Ryoko had fallen to the 
ground looking straight at Tenchi then, died a lonely woman, Tenchi had ran 
to Ryoko and just stood looking at her and he just screamed in agony.

                                                                  Tenchi 
awakes from his dream

"Tenchi are you okay."asked Ryoko with worry in her voice.

"Uhh Ryoko yeah I am okay it's just I had a crazy dream that all"replied 
Tenchi who still felt slightly shocked

"Is that so well  what was it about Tenchi."asked Ryoko with a curious tone 
in her voice

"Well hmmm you might not believe me if I told but I had this strange dream 
that well you were and me were well fighting each other"replied Tenchi

"Fighting Tenchi?, you know full well that I would never hurt or try to kill 
you in any way."said Ryoko sounding sincere

"Yeah I know that and I am glad to, hey by the way why are you in my room so 
early, normally your hear later?"asked Tenchi looking at Ryoko

"Well Tenchi I do like to check up on you I like to see you when your asleep 
your like an angel to me."replied Ryoko

"Ryoko that is such a nice thing to say to me."said Tenchi who started to 
blush

"Hmm well you might as well go to sleep Tenchi it is still very early in the 
morning."replied Ryoko

"yeah ok well restwell Ryoko"said Tenchi

With that said Tenchi laid in his bed but not asleep, he looked with one eye 
open to see if Ryoko was still there and there she was just looking at him, 
she had such a beautiful smile on her face, it had already been a half an 
hour and she was still there, Tenchi kept quite and did not move a muscle to 
see what would she really do.

Ryoko had move right next to Tenchi and she put her hand on Tenchi's face as 
if she were missing him, then Tenchi  was quiet suprised when Ryoko started 
to speak to him but kept his cool, to Ryoko Tenchi had fallen asleep or so it 
seemed to Ryoko, but he wasn't and he heard every word Ryoko had said.

"Ohh Tenchi I truly love you I just wish there was a way for you to 
understand how much I really care for you, Tenchi sometimes I think you dont 
love me, you always seem to never care for me like the other's like if I were 
a mere annoyance, I love you and I will do anything for you even if it means 
my own death, ever since those seven hundred years in that cave I had been 
alone all my life, until the 683rd year when I first saw you, and you were 
only a baby and I saw you when you started to grow up, I saw you when you 
went to the cave because you beloved mother died, I was there I saw you, and 
on that I vowed that I would never let anyone try or ever harm you again, I 
dont want you to suffer what I had to go threw, I love you Tenchi and one day 
I will truly show it to you."said Ryoko no louder than a whisper.

After Ryoko said that she had just left but before she left she kissed Tenchi 
on the forehead and then left, Tenchi was only but suprised to hear what 
Ryoko had said, Tenchi now realized that Ryoko was there for him even when he 
was a mear child, but what was this about Tenchi not caring for Ryoko. thats 
made Tenchi wonder about Ryoko,Tenchi had fallen asleep.

It was now around 7:00 in the morning, Sasami was already making breakfast 
and everyone else was asleep, Tenchi went into Ayeka's room to see if she was 
asleep, and she was so he left quietly, just then he heard Mihoshi's snoring 
so he knew she was asleep, Tenchi thought about going into Washu's lab but 
reconsidered, Tenchi had wen down stair's to see how Sasami was doing when he 
forgot one thing, that nine times out of ten Ryoko would sleep on the couch 
when she visited Tenchi but it was to Tenchi when she wasn't there, so Tenchi 
decided to go into Ryoko's, he went into her room and to Tenchi's suprise it 
was nice and clean, normally Ryoko's room would be a mess, and Ryoko wasn't 
even there, Tenchi wondered and went down stairs to greet Sasami who was just 
about done with making breakfast.

"Hello Sasami, I see you are cooking up a storm as usual."greet Tenchi who 
smiled at the young princess

"Hiya Tenchi yeah you know me, I love to cook, so what brings you up so early 
in the morning, normally your the second to last wake up, because we all know 
Ryoko's is normally the last to wake up except when she is watching you when 
you sleep."replied Sasami

"I dont know I just woke up early, oh and where is Ryoko I didn't see her 
today, I checked her room and she wasn't there."asked Tenchi

"I dont know to tell you the truth Tenchi because when I woke up I saw Ryoko 
leave somewhere and I dont know when she will be back."replied Sasami

"well I am going to go and look for Ryoko to see whats up and if Ayeka gets 
up try to calm her down, because I know that she might get mad because I am 
looking for Ryoko."said Tenchi

"Ok Tenchi sure thing beside I have to set the table and stuff so be back in 
like a half an hour ok."replied Sasami

"All right Sasami no problem, see you soon."said Tenchi leaving the princess

Tenchi had left the house to only wonder, where can Ryoko possibly be, it 
wasn't easy for Tenchi to find Ryoko, so he had to think on where the space 
pirate would be.

(let me think, well she could be at grandfather's shrine, but I doubt that, 
or maybe she could be at the lake, yeah that's possible, oh man what am I an 
idiot or something the cave, but what a minute bah never mind."Tenchi thought 
and decided to go and check grandfather's shrine anyway to see if she as 
there and of course she was not there.

Tenchi now had gone to the lake to see if Ryoko would be there but she wasn't 
there only Ryo-ohki was, Tenchi picked up the cabbit and decided to head for 
the cave where Ryoko was imprisoned all those years, and to Tenchi's suprise 
she wasn't there, this was starting to bother Tenchi, then Tenchi for got one 
place where Ryoko goes allot of the times and that was the roof, Tenchi knew 
that she  goes on the roof and maybe she may be there.

So Tenchi decided to go in his house and go up on the roof where he saw Ryoko 
to Tenchi's suprise is that Ryoko was asleep on the roof, that completely 
made Tenchi wonder, but Tenchi had walked to where Ryoko was asleep, he tried 
to wake her up but she was deep in her sleep, Tenchi just smiled and carried 
Ryoko in his arm's and brought her down the roof and Tenchi had to decided 
where to put her, the couch was complete mess so much stuff was there, 
Ryoko's room was right a disaster area.

Tenchi  had decided to go and put Ryoko in his room instead of her disaster 
area of a place that she called her own, as Tenchi went in his room Ryoko 
started to move in his arm's, Tenchi opened his door and closed it right 
behind him, Tenchi had place Ryoko in a near bye chair then he opened his 
cover's then he carried Ryoko and put her in his bed then covered her so she 
could sleep comfortably, after Tenchi put her in his bed he was about to 
leave but then Ryoko's words came back to him, all Tenchi could do was smile 
and he left the room letting the sleeping demon rest, it was 7:43 it was time 
for breakfast so Tenchi decided to go down stair's, everyone was down stairs 
except Ryoko of course.

"Tenchi did you find Ryoko?"asked Sasami

"Yeah I found her, she is sleeping right now, I guess she must have been 
tired watching me"replied Tenchi

"You know that Ryoko does nothing all she does is sleep, drink, and try to 
seduce you Lord Tenchi at every chance she tried to get."said Ayeka eating 
her food soundly quietly

"Well Ayeka that is partly true but I have also seen you put away sake like 
if was nothing also so you should not criticize people".replied Tenchi who 
was slightly annoyed

Ayeka started to blush just a little but she didn't lose her composer.

"I am sorry Tenchi, I didn't mean it like that but it is true 
sometimes."replied Ayeka

"Its ok miss Ayeka I am not mad at you or anything like that."repleid Tenchi

"Hey Tenchi can you go in my lab later this morning I want to do some test on 
you, remember your promised me"said Washu devouring her food like if she 
never got fed before

"Uuuuhhhh sure little Washu, but it will be later."said Tenchi who started to 
dread that he said he would go to her lab for some test

Breakfast was going well everyone was conversation and eating there food, 
after breakfast was all said and done, Ayeka had decided to go to the great 
tree Fuhnao, Sasami went and cleaned up all the dishes with Mihoshi, Washu 
decided to go in her lab and try to build something that cant even be 
describe, Tenchi decide to get the food that was for Ryoko and decide to 
bring it up to her, he opened his door and Ryoko was in his bed still asleep, 
Tenchi nudged her slightly trying to wake her up, it didn't work she was out 
cold, Tenchi put her food on his table in his room and then went to Ryoko and 
put his hand on her shoulder trying to wake her up, Ryoko was finally coming 
around and eventually woke up, but she was still groggy

"Ryoko, he Ryoko wake up, I have breakfast here for you."said Tenchi

"Uh Tenchi what am I doing in your room, I didn't stay her the whole night, 
or did i"replied Ryoko who was confused

"I know Ryoko, I put you in my bed, since your room is the worst to put you 
in right now I put you here, I had been looking for you to see where you were 
in the morning and I found you on the roof, here have some food Sasami made 
it of course."replied Tenchi

" Um ok Tenchi, wow I was really out of it, Tenchi what time is it."asked 
Ryoko

"It is now 9:32 in the morning, oh and Ryoko I have something to tell you 
that might come to a suprise."said Tenchi who was really worried.

"Yeah Tenchi what is it ."said Ryoko started to eat her food hope that he 
would say that he loved her and he chose her

"Well I uhh hmm Ryoko I heard what you said to me in the morning."stated 
Tenchi who looked at her

Ryoko just stopped eating her food from the shock of what she just heard and 
looked at Tenchi then just looked down, she did not know what to expect now, 
what would Tenchi do

"You heard everything, everything I said to you."asked Ryoko in mear shock

"Yes Ryoko I heard everything, I also didn't know you where there for me when 
I was a child, you have always been there for me Ryoko."said Tenchi, then 
Tenchi started to think.(Ryoko I really still dont know if I love you or 
Ayeka, you have always been there for me, that is such love, such devotion 
that I dont deserve.)

Ryoko just lowered her head in my shock, she always waned to tell Tenchi that 
she truly loved him but now that he accidentally told him, she didn't know 
what to do, this was going to be one of those days that Ryoko might never 
forget, that was for sure.

"T...t..Tenchi...um."Ryoko tried to speak but kept stumbling on her words, 
she didn't know what to say.

"Listen Ryoko I know that you told me your true feelings yesterday, you dont 
have to deny what you said I heard everything perfectly."stated Tenchi

"Tenchi I am glad that you finally know how I truly feel for you but the 
question I Tenchi, do you love me as well Tenchi."asked Ryoko who was scared 
and waiting for a reply

This was going to be Tenchi's biggest decision, what could he possibly say to 
her, if he told Ryoko that he loved her, Ayeka was sure to leave or be hurt 
so badly, but if Tenchi rejected Ryoko, who knows what she could possibly do, 
she has so much power and I dont think she would be able to cope with such a 
heartbreak, this was going to be tough for Tenchi.

"Ryoko" was all Tenchi could say

Ryoko was just waiting for a reply, Tenchi finally made his decision, but how 
would it go, if said correctly all would be good, if said wrong she would 
certainly be hurt in a way not even Kagato could even do, Tenchi started to 
speak

"Ryoko, just listen and hear me out ok."stated Tenchi who hope he would not 
mess up

Ryoko could only nod and wonder what was his answer.

"Ryoko I love you and Ayeka both still equally, I honestly dont know who I 
love more than the other, its every time  I think I can decided one of you do 
something to make my decision even harder, right now Ryoko I cant decided 
honestly on a permanent relationship, please dont get mad at me ,I do love 
you and Ayeka I just cant decide right now, please understand my predicament" 
replied Tenchi

Ryoko was tooken back, this was not what she wanted to hear, Ryoko was heart 
broken, but for once she thought about what Tenchi said, think of his 
situation, Ryoko was starting to understand only a little, Ryoko decided not 
to give up just yet, she realized something.

(He loves me, but he cant decide on who he love more, I love you Tenchi, and 
I will do anything for you, I will wait  a thousand years if I have to for 
you to be with me.)Ryoko had thought

"Ok Tenchi" replied Ryoko and just then phased out of Tenchi's room and went 
of somewhere Tenchi picked up the Tenchi-ken and went down stairs.

Tenchi thought it was going to be worse but it wasn't as bad as he thought, 
but to only make thing right he had to tell Ayeka the same thing but the 
question was, when?, and where?, Tenchi got up and went down stairs and 
rested on the couch and started to go to sleep.

Tenchi had yet another dream, it was the contiueation of his other dream, 
today wasn't going to be his day, awake ,or asleep.

                                                                          
Tenchi's dream
                                                                   
                                                                         
Destiny's Arrival       

"No Ryoko why did you do this, huh Ryoko I didn't want to lose you, i..i am 
sorry I didn't tell you so long ago, you didn't deserve this!"yelled Tenchi 
while crying his soul out

Sasami, Washu, Mihoshi, and Ayeka all could only but look at Tenchi who had 
his head down looking at Ryoko who was dead right in front of him. Washu had 
woken up and had instantly had realized what happened, Tenchi had picked up 
Ryoko's body and summoned the Ryo-ohki, the cabbit had transformed into the 
notorious space ship, Tenchi then walked up in the Ryo-ohki and put Ryoko in 
the command chair aboard, Tenchi was about to leave but then he was realizing 
what he was going to do, he was going to put Ryoko on the Ryo-ohki and Ryo-
ohki was going to commit suicide, since Ryoko had died the cabbit wanted to 
do the same, Tenchi had thought about what he was going to do and decided to 
do it, Tenchi then kissed Ryoko and left the Ryo-ohki crying in utter 
depression, the Ryo-ohki lifted up in the air, Sasami had ran to Ryo-ohki as 
to stop her, but it was to no avail, Tenchi had summoned the Light Hawk Wings 
and realized that destiny was now, he failed to help  the one he loved and it 
was his fault, the Ryo-ohki had left the Jurai and departed in a speed not 
ever seen, Sasami started to cry while Washu could only ask her self why, why 
did this happen, this just didn't seem right, Mihoshi was also crying.

She to missed Ryoko, then there was Ayeka, this must have been the worst for 
Ayeka, she had realized that it was her fault for the being, but it want 
really her fault, she didn't know how Ryoko would act after what Ayeka did, 
now everything was going down, Tenchi just started to laugh insanely as if he 
lost his mind, he seemed extremely troubled, the Light Hawk Wings seemed to 
change color, from the beautiful bluish white of the wings started to turn 
bloodyish red, as massive red aura surrounded him, Washu was the only one who 
understood what this meant, it wasn't that he was turning evil, it was that 
the wings had maxed put there power and went to a new stage of power. the one 
he loved had died and it triggered something in him.

No more did Tenchi have three Light Hawk Wings, this new power had twenty 
wing's, Tenchi had more power than all the three goddess combined, Tenchi was 
now a forced to be reckoned with, but what will he do with it. Ayeka, Sasami, 
Mihoshi, and Washu all but looked at Tenchi, there he was Tenchi Masaki just 
looking at the star's where Ryoko was there somewhere, just then he gave a 
most feared scream, that was heard from out side his dream.

Tenchi had been woken up to see that Ayeka had shook him awake.

"Lord Tenchi are you alight, I heard you yell, hmm did Ryoko do something to 
you."asked Ayeka curiously.

"I am ok Ayeka, and no hehehe Ryoko didn't do anything wrong it just I had 
this most bizarre dream that seemed so real.."replied Tenchi.

"Oh ok well would you care to tell me what was it about?"inquired Ayeka

(aww man why did I open up my big mouth, this is going to be hard, Tenchi 
remembered the dream perfectly and well it wasn't good for Ayeka, I might as 
well tell her, since I opened my big mouth, but the question is how?).thought 
Tenchi

"Well hmm well it was weird, I remember that Ryoko tried to kill 
everybody."replied Tenchi.

(man I cant tell her my dream, if I tell her what completely happened shell 
think I have chosen Ryoko, when I have even chose yet, besides I dont know 
who is right for me yet)thought Tenchi

"Well thats was a weird dream indeed, that Ryoko all way's trying to do 
something to you even in your dreams, but I know though that she would not 
kill you"replied Ayeka

"Oh Ayeka your right, well anyway I am going to look for Ryoko right 
quick."said Tenchi

"Hhm ok lord Tenchi see you later.replied Ayeka who was now curious

Tenchi had left to find Ryoko but where would he look for her, he brought the 
Tenchi-ken in case of something else, it was obvious to Tenchi if she wasn't 
on the roof the she would be in the cave, well Tenchi finally decided to go 
to the cace.he, left the house and went to the cave, to Tenchi suprise she 
wasn't outside the cave, Tenchi decided to got to where he first resurrected 
her, he went to where, and he saw Ryoko sitting next to the spring, Tenchi 
was a little worried.

Tenchi felt some what scrared of Ryoko, but he knew that Ryoko would never 
hurt him so why was Tenchi a little causious, Tenchi saw Ryoko and started to 
go to Ryoko but stopped when Ryoko looked up at him, Tenchi was worried ,no 
longer where her eyes beautiful golden yellow, the where now red and harmful.

"Ryoko are you alright."asked Tenchi with a sign a worry in his voice

"Tenchi will leave me alone just leave me alone ok, I dont want to be 
bothered with you right now or ever for that matter."replied Ryoko who had 
her head down

"Ryoko why are you acting like this ,its not like you."asked Tenchi

"Why?, I am acting like this?, you heard how I truly feel for you and you 
just toss me aside like if I were a...a waste product, or something else that 
you dont care for, you never really seem to care for me but yet I still love 
you."said Ryoko 

"Ryoko you know thats not true dont say that, its hard for me to choose who I 
love, and I DONT see YOU as a waste product, you have been such a big part of 
my life Ryoko."said Tenchi trying to calm Ryoko down.

Tenchi tried to go to Ryoko but was stopped as Ryoko shot an energy beam at 
Tenchi's feet, this was really starting to worry Tenchi, Ryoko never tried 
once in her life really ever tried to hurt him, Tenchi was confused but 
realized that Tenchi's words hurt Ryoko more than he thought.

"Ryoko what do you want me to do., I did not mean for this to happen"asked 
Tenchi in utter distress.

"What I want you to do?, it dosent matter anymore ok, just leave me alone, I 
dont want to be bothered with you or anyone else ok, I just want to leave 
this planet, and I am going to leave.replied Ryoko who now felt betrayed by 
Tenchi

"Ryoko I ask you from the bottom of my heart dont go, please"demanded Tenchi

"Why does it matter, you already said you dont want to be with me, all these 
years of waiting to be rejected, you cant imagine how that can possibly 
feel."yelled Ryoko

Tenchi was getting very angry, Ryoko had gotten up and ignited her energy 
sword, and pointed it straight at Tenchi, but Tenchi was all but a little 
worried, decided to walk to her, Ryoko had teleported and Tenchi did know 
where she was, just then Ryoko teleported in back of Tenchi and he sword was 
less than an inch from Tenchi neck, this was it Tenchi was no going to move.

"All right Ryoko, I am tired of this, please stop this right now."demanded 
Tenchi who now was very angry with the way Ryoko was acting

Ryoko had dispersed her energy sword and walked away from Tenchi, Tenchi had 
gotten up and walked to her slowly, he put his shoulder on her's and turned 
her around, Ryoko was mad as can be, Ryoko just looked at Tenchi and just 
cried on his shoulder, they both sat down next to the spring where Ryoko was 
still crying, Tenchi felt like coward, he would fight anyone Kagato, Dr. Clay 
,Tokimi you name it but he would never fight the one thing that always beat 
him, and that was emotions, Tenchi looked at Ryoko and ran his fingers threw 
her cyan hair and started to wonder what Ryoko really did go threw all those 
years.

He felt ashamed to have someone with such devotion for him and yet he still 
could return it, why? was it so hard to choose, thats was a good question, 
and the answer was Ayeka, how could he hurt the beautiful princess who was 
also in love with him just as much Ryoko was, this was the reason why Tenchi 
could not decided between either of them, but it was coming down to a point 
for him to decide Ayeka or Ryoko, a demon or a princess.

"Ryoko please dont leave me, dont leave me i.. just cant decide right 
now."asked Tenchi lying out his teeth

Ryoko had gotten up from Tenchi, and looked at Tenchi, the demoness just 
waited to see what Tenchi would say anything more but he remained silent

"Very well Tenchi I wont leave you I promise, an i am sorry the way I 
acted"replied Ryoko

Tenchi had gotten up and walked with Ryoko out the cave, Tenchi had realized 
how much words can really hurt, and what makes thing worse he had to tell 
Ayeka, there was no way of getting around of that.i t would be only right, 
Tenchi and Ryoko had gotten out the cave walking out together.

Ryoko had went to the house and Tenchi had went to practice with his grand 
farther, Tenchi knew that if he was late his grandfather would make him do 
more chores, there Tenchi had picked up the wooden bokken .and was in his 
battle stance, his grandfather just looked at him waiting

"So Tenchi are you ready to practice today, let see how good have you gotten, 
we dont want you to be getting rusty in your skill."said Yosho

"Grandfather are you ready?, because I know I am"said Tenchi who looked at 
his grandfather ready to spar with him

Tenchi had advanced his grandfarther,and struck his bokken on his 
grandfather's bokken, that was a mistake Yosho was so fast that he blocked 
Tenchi's attack then struck him right on his head lightly, to show his 
arrogance, Tenchi got a bit frustrated he knew he could not beat his 
grandfather yet but he had something on his mind, and that be Ryoko, this 
kept distracting Tenchi and he got popped on the head one again, he fell to 
the floor and was about to get up when he realized that grandfather's bokken 
was aimed straight at his neck, Tenchi knew he lost and his grandfather just 
laughed and pick Tenchi up.

"Oh Tenchi you need to get better, you seemed lost in thought most of the 
time is there something bothering you."asked Yosho

"Yes grandfather I have something on my mind I just dont fell like telling 
anyone right know."replied Tenchi in a low depressed voice thinking of Ryoko 
and Ayeka

"I see it's about the girls isn't it, i can tell your thinking about Ayeka, 
and Ryoko correct?".asked Yosho

"Oh grandfather you always seem to know everything, so you know already...of 
who I am in love with dont you."replied Tenchi in complete worry

"Yes Tenchi know but I wont say word but you must tell her already, she needs 
you, well I am going back to the shrine my grandson, keep practicing an tell 
her"replied Yosho leaving Tenchi

Tenchi decided to go to the house and sit in the house and relax, but today 
just didn't seem like his day and soon he would have to go to little Washu, 
Tenchi cringed at the thought, he went in the house and sat on the couch.

Meanwhile Yosho was in deep thought of Tenchi's decision

(my grandson, why have you not told her, she has been waiting for you, tell 
her the truth or you will lose her forever, ....................Ryoko I am 
sorry, forgive him)Yosho thought and went to the shrine to meditate.

Back at the house Tenchi started to reflect on went on this morning and what 
a morning it was, it was more packed than most days

(Wow what a day, my dreams are just as bad I have to talk to little Washu 
about them, Ryoko I am sorry, I really am I dont want to hurt you like 
this.)Tenchi thought to himself.

Tenchi finally decided to go to Washu's lab Tenchi had cringed once again at 
the thought, he had opened the door an had entered the lab, to his suprise 
Washu didn't try anything, infact all she did was say hello to Tenchi while 
typing on her computer, Tenchi had walked to the notorious genius to greet 
her.

"Hello little Washu, you wanted to see me."asked Tenchi who was scared that 
she would do something that he would regret every going to the lab

"Yes my little guinea pig, I want to conduct some test on your thought; and 
your dreams."replied Washu smiling

"Thats weird that you should say that little Washu because I have been having 
some strange dreams that even I dont quiet understand so I figured that who 
else better to solve it then the cutest little genius that I konw."said 
Tenchi trying to suck up to Washu

This made Washu really happy, she escorted Tenchi to this device that see's 
peoples dreams, she then decided to teleport everyone in the room, Sasami, 
Mihoshi, Ayeka, and Ryoko were all but confused, Washu then explained in to 
them, that since this dream concerned them Washu decided for them to be able 
to see it as well, Tenchi agreed to this and started to wonder if what he 
said was right but it was to late, Washu gave Tenchi a sleeping pill and he 
started to dream, the dreams had started, all the events had taken place once 
again, everyone was in complete shock, Ayeka and Ryoko were shocked the most 
by far, both beauty's looked at each other, they just didn't under stand, no 
one understood Tenchi's so called dreams. the out of the mist a bright light 
appeared. it was Tsunami. everyone looked at Sasami who was in a utter 
trance, how could Tsunami be right there when Sasami was there Washu was the 
only one who figured out what this meant.

"Hello Ryoko, Ayeka, Mihoshi, and Washu."said Tsunami

"Tsunami?, but Sasami is Tsunami how can you be here when she is right over 
there."asked Ayeka

"Ayeka, I am the Tsunami of the future, since Tenchi has not figured out his 
dreams I will tell you then."replied Tsunami

"Oh I get it,Tenchi's dreams are not really dreams at all Tsunami are they, 
they are events that happened in you in your present right?"asked Washu

"Correct Washu, this is why I am here, I have come to tell you something, 
Tenchi will decided."replied Tsunami

"What do you mean!"asked Ryoko and Ayeka at the same time

"I will say this the day Tenchi decide to choose, he talked to one of you but 
he didn't choose that person, the other woman weather being Ayeka or Ryoko 
saw this and this is how this all started, one woman dreams were shattered, 
Ayeka and Ryoko listen to me, he has already decided on who he loves its just 
a matter of time until he admits it or not."said Tsunami not saying on who he 
chose

"Why are you telling us this Tsunami."asked Washu pondering

"The reason why I am telling you this is because of Tenchi, in my future he 
is totally insane with the lost of his love, I am trying to prevent this, 
right now as we speak the future is changing because of my being, but my 
future could still happen, I beg you to try and stop this, this must not 
happen, the Tenchi of the future is crazy, i..i must go now... and dont worry 
Sasami did not see this and dont tell her."replied Tsunami

After Tsunami vanished Ryoko and Ayeka were in deep thought, both wondered 
who Tenchi finally decided one and if it was even either of them, it was 
possible Mihoshi, Washu,  and even Sasami were all very pretty but who did 
Tenchi decide on that was the question. soon after the Tsunami incident 
everyone left except Washu and Tenchi, he had just woken up, Washu had 
released him, Tenchi tried to ask question but Washu just pushed him out the 
laboratory, Tenchi just sighed and went in his room to think.

(ok these dreams are starting to bother me, i wonder why Washu dosent know, 
she know everything, this is so confusing, I am so tired of all this 
commotion, oh Ryoko I never meaned to hurt you like that is the very last 
thing I would ever want to do to you.)thought Tenchi

Tenchi had looked to see what time it was  ,it read 2:36 pm, Tenchi decided 
to go down stairs and watch some TV, he went down stairs to see Ayeka sitting 
bye the widow looking at the sky, Tenchi like it when Ayeka and Ryoko weren't 
fighting it was so peaceful. Tenchi went to Ayeka

"Hello miss Ayeka.said Tenchi

"Hello lord Tenchi, how are you."replied Ayeka who was in deep thought

"Oh I am fine,but  there is something bothering you miss Ayeka right?.asked 
Tenchi wondering by she was looking at the sky

"I  am just thinking about Jurai, i miss it so much, its been a while since I 
have gone there ever since I came here that is, and I am also thinking about 
what happened with Tsunami and your dream"replied Ayeka

"I see, well maybe we can ask Washu to get a ship so you can visit Jurai when 
you want."said Tenchi trying to cheer her up

"That would be nice, lord Tenchi if I decided to ask Washu for a ship and she 
agrees would you come with me to Jurai."asked Ayeka hopeing that he would say 
yes

(I guess I should go with Ayeka to Jurai, it would be the right thing to do, 
also maybe I can tell Ayeka how I feel just like I told Ryoko, yes I will go 
with her)Tenchi thought

"Sure thing miss Ayeka, I will ask Washu later today and we can go tomorrow 
if you want."replied Tenchi

This made Ayeka blush, she was so happy that she was going to Jurai with 
Tenchi, but the question was is she going with just him though, it didn't 
matter really Ayeka was so happy that maybe she would open up her true 
feelings to Tenchi, who know what would happen, it was nothing more than a 
matter of time. it was already time for dinner, Ayeka, Sasami, Washu, and 
Mihoshi were there, it seemed once again Ryoko went somewhere, Tenchi was 
about to go look for her until he saw her materialize right infront of him, 
the whole family eat there food.

Begin that mast chef that she is, it was Sasami of course who had cooked a 
magnificent feast, dinner was about over, Washu went back in her lab, Sasami 
cleaned up the dishes with the help of Mihoshi and then played with Ryo-ohki, 
Ayeka went in her room to prepare to go to Jurai, Tenchi went in to Washu's 
lab

"Hello little Washu, I have a favor to ask of you."asked Tenchi

"Yeah Tenchi what is it."replied the scientist

"Well Ayeka want to go on a trip to Jurai so I was wondering if well you can 
build or get Ayeka and I a ship."said Tenchi

(he said Ayeka and himself, uh boy this wont be good for Ryoko, I can already 
imagine her face when she finds out.)thought Washu.

"sure thing Tenchi it will be ready in the morning, but Tenchi arent you 
going to tell Ryoko or anybody else about this trip with Ayeka."asked Washu

"Yes little Washu I am going to tell Ryoko about the trip dont worry I have 
everything under control, well I have to start packing so I will see you 
later, and bye the way thanks little Washu.said Tenchi while leaving the lab

(Tenchi I hope you know what you are doing, if Ryoko takes this the wrong way 
then maybe .....just maybe this may be what Tsunami was warning us 
about)Washu thought

Well anyway its time for me to start building the prince and princess's ship, 
man I hate building these thing, well I might as well get to work.said Washu 
to herself

Tenchi decided to go up stairs and start getting ready for the trip to Jurai 
with Ayeka, it seemed wrong to Tenchi for only them to go, so Tenchi decided 
that the rest can go with Ryoko on the Ryo-ohki, but the question was would 
Ryoko buy that story, Tenchi had gotten in his room and started getting ready 
to prepare when Ryoko came in the room, THIS was not what Tenchi wanted right 
now, but it was to late

"Uh Tenchi why do you look like your getting ready to so somewhere."asked 
Ryoko seeming very curious

"uuh Ryoko thats what I wanted to talk to you about, now dont get mad because 
I haven't decide or anything like that, I promised Ayeka that I would go with 
her to Jurai.said Tenchi worrying about Ryoko's answer

Tenchi was a little worried because Ryoko put her head down and clenched her 
fist. Tenchi knew Ryoko did not want to here this, but if she found out any 
other way it would be worse, Ryoko just looked up at him and spoke 

".....ok Tenchi,......hope you have a good time with her."said Ryoko very 
very mad but remained calm

"Just then Ryoko was about to leave Tenchi's room when out of the blue, 
Tenchi had stopped her, this made Ryoko wonder why would he stop me, this is 
weird, he spoke to Ryoko

"Listen to me Ryoko it is true I am going with Ayeka, BUT you can still come, 
it just that Ayeka want me and her on a ship bye ourselves, so you can still 
come on the Ryo-ohki if you like."said Tenchi realizing how horrible that 
sounded

"All Ryoko just did was look at him and just left, Tenchi hated this he hated 
hurting her feeling's, maybe just maybe if Ryoko comes in my room I WILL talk 
to her thought Tenchi, after Tenchi finished packing he decide to go to bed, 
but not to sleep, he stayed in bed for quit a while, he looked at the time 
and it read 12:21am, he was getting tired and was going to sleep when her saw 
Ryoko materialize in his room.

This was Tenchi's moment of truth, but he couldn't confess his love to her, 
he still could not decide who he loved more, even though the Tsunami of the 
future said he already chose, Ryoko went to his bed and rest her hand on his 
face.

"Oh Tenchi why must you put me threw all this pain, I love you so much yet it 
seems you favor Ayeka more than me, I am growing tired of this Tenchi I wish 
you would tell me already."said Ryoko quiet angry but tin a low voice

Tenchi could not take this any longer, he decided to go and talk to Ryoko, 
but he still dint have the courage to talk just yet, Ryoko was still had her 
hand on his face, she gently caressed his jaw lining, that was it Tenchi 
grabbed her hand softly, then Ryoko realized he was up, once again Tenchi 
heard what Ryoko said, Ryoko was about to leave when Tenchi grabbed her arm 
to stay

"Ryoko, please listen to me I am not showing favoritism to Ayeka, I love you 
both equally, I know what you said to me is not totally, please understand 
that I am not choosing yet, when I will you will know about it, but I need to 
talk to Ayeka the way I talked to you, after that then....then who knows, but 
Ryoko please dont leave me or do anything crazy."said Tenchi who was 
concerned

Ryoko just looked away and didn't answer, to her suprise Tenchi turned her 
face softly so there eyes met up, Ryoko was suprised at this, Tenchi brought 
this head closer to her until they met, they both just looked at each other 
for what seemed like an eternity, he spoke once again

"Ryoko I am serious dont leave me i..would not forgive my self if you left 
please dont leave me or go away, you can still come with us to Jurai, I was 
serious about that"said Tenchi trying to reassure Ryoko

Ryoko's eyes started to glow a little red, Tenchi saw this and could only 
think of three things to do, each one may change his world, first option was 
to kiss Ryoko to calm her down and explain it one more time, second was to 
hug and relax her, third was just to plain out right leave her. so many 
time's Tenchi wanted to kiss one of the girls, Tenchi was going to kiss her.

But he didn't want to kiss her because she felt betrayed, if he was going to 
kiss her he wanted it to mean something, truly special, so Tenchi decided on 
the second option and grab Ryoko just hugged her, Ryoko relaxed in his arms 
and to Tenchi's suprise Ryoko fell asleep, Tenchi looked at the clock and it 
read 2:59am,he wasn't going to get to much sleep that was for sure, Tenchi 
picked up Ryoko and went to her room, he opened the door and he put Ryoko on 
a chair for a minute, he opened up the cover on her bed, the picked Ryoko and 
tucked her in bed, Tenchi looked at her and left with a feeling of being 
guilty, he went in his room to finally get some sleep, but it wasn't 
happening, indeed Tenchi did fall asleep but it was the dreams once again.

                                                                        
Destiny now

Tenchi could all but look up at the Ryo-ohki just vanish from Jurai, why? was 
all Tenchi could ask, he was so mad, all this power and he couldn't bring the 
one he cared for, Ayeka, Sasami, Washu and Mihoshi went to an insane looking 
Tenchi, everyone stopped when they realized something, the minute they 
started walking Tenchi had made the light Hawk Sword, Tenchi had turned 
around to see his friends, so many women after his heart and the one who 
loved him the most is now dead, Ayeka decided to try to do her best to calm 
down Tenchi, anything she may say could be taken the wrong way, this made 
Ayeka troubled, Ayeka had looked at Sasami, she was crying so much for Ryo-
ohki and he friend Ryoko, even though Ryoko and Ayeka faught, Ayeka didn't 
want Ryoko left for dead.

But know it was going to happen, Ryo-ohki was going to the next black hole to 
her death, Ayeka had decide to talk to Tenchi but what could she say, she 
really didn't want to bring more pain in his heart, Ayeka took a step forward 
but was stopped by Washu, Washu just looked at Ayeka but Ayeka just kept on 
going to talk to Tenchi and she  had put her hand on Tenchi's shoulder, she 
was quiet worried that Tenchi just looked at Ayeka but didn't say a word, all 
Tenchi could do and did do was just look at the star's to see where the Ryo-
ohki may have gone, Ayeka finally spoke

"Tenchi......."Ayeka stumbled she could not say anything what could she say 
Tenchi lost someone who was always with him since childhood

"What do you want Ayeka, I have dont want to be bothered with you or anyone 
else for that matter right now."said Tenchi just still looking up at the 
star's and the Super Light Hawk Wing's just flared up.

"Tenchi......Ryoko...she..she is gone."replied Ayeka no louder than a whisper 

Ayeka was suprised what Tenchi had just done, with out warning Tenchi had 
grabbed Ayeka and raised his Super Light Hawk Sword directly at Ayeka's neck, 
Ayeka just looked at Tenchi's eyes, they were or seemed pained and troubled, 
Tenchi had put Ayeka down and dispersed the sword and then walked away and 
screamed, everyone was worried, Tenchi wings had flared up and blew everyone 
of their feet, they had all got up to see Tenchi floating several feet in the 
air, Tenchi looked at his friend's and just wanted to die, to Tenchi it was 
him who caused Ryoko to die, what was he fighting for.

                                                                           
Tenchi awakes

Tenchi had woken up in a deep sweat, the alarm clock had woke him up, it was 
6:54 am, Tenchi got up and was suprised that Ryoko wasn't there, oh well 
Tenchi shook of the thought and went to the bathroom, he started to brush his 
teeth and started to think about his dreams.

(What are these dreams, I cant even call them dreams they are all 
continuation of the dream before, they are like vision's or something, and 
why does it surround Ryoko so much, all these places and event seem so real, 
well anyway it's time for me to go soon)with that said in his mind Tenchi 
left the bathroom and went back into his room.

Tenchi got his suit case and packed cloths for at least two weeks, he then 
went down stairs to go and eat breakfast, as always Sasami was the first to 
woke up and she as always made a breakfast of champions, Tenchi went to 
Sasami to talk to her since he was the only one there and he knew Ayeka would 
be coming down soon.

"Hello Tenchi how are you today"asked Sasami sweetly

"I am fine Sasami, uhh hmm Sasami there something I want to talk to you 
about" said Tenchi

"About the trip with I Ayeka I know you are going to Jurai with her, ....I 
wish  I could come with you too"replied Sasami looking down

"Well you can come Sasami with everybody else if Ryoko decides to come."said 
Tenchi

"Well what do you mean Tenchi I dont tunderdstand what you mean?"asked Sasami 
wondering

"Since Ayeka decide for her and I to go alone that was fine by me, so I told 
Ryoko if she wanted to come she could use the Ryo-ohki and she could come 
with us, so o if Ryoko decide's to come then you can go with her."said Tenchi

"Wow Tenchi is that true, that means I can see my mommy again, yeah! I am so 
happy, thank you so much Tenchi" replied Sasami who was happy to here the 
news but it all decided on Ryoko

Tenchi went into the dinning room where everyone was already there, as always 
Tenchi had sat between Ryoko and Ayeka, it was a place just for him, everyone 
decided to eat there food, it was a quiet breakfast that morning, after 
breakfast Tenchi and Ayeka were outside, they were waiting for Washu who was 
supposed to have their space ship, just then a portal came out and Washu 
popped out from the portal, Tenchi and Ayeka were about to speak when was 
just raised her hand and a magnificent ship came out.

It looked something like Ken-ohki but it was gold with blue streaks, the ship 
was indeed marvelous, it wasn't a cabbit though but it looked like a cabbit 
transformed into a space ship, everyone was there to bid them a safe journey 
except Ryoko, of all people Tenchi wanted Ryoko there, but she wasn't, Ayeka 
bid everyone farewell and went on the ship, Tenchi was about to go when he 
bided everyone farewell except Ryoko, Tenchi couldn't go with out saying 
goodbye to Ryoko.

Tenchi knew where exactly where she was, Washu had told Tenchi that she was 
on the roof, so Tenchi had dropped his bags to see Ryoko so at least say 
goodbye, Tenchi was coming back, Tenchi had made it to the roof and there 
Ryoko was just there sitting opposite of where the ship could clearly be 
seen, he walked up to Ryoko and decided to talk to her yet again.

"Ryoko is something wrong?" asked Tenchi

"No Tenchi there is nothing wrong with me, it's just that I dont want you to 
go thats all."replied Ryoko not sounding sincere

"Listen Ryoko I am coming back to earth, and I promise that I wont decide on 
who I love because thats probably what you are thinking right."asked Tenchi

"Y....yes Tenchi your right as usual, Tenchi just promise that you'll come 
back to earth."asked Ryoko

"I will Ryoko dont worry I am not going to stay on Jurai, I am just there 
visiting, thats all, now come on and show that beautiful smile I love to 
see"asked Tenchi saying words he normally wouldn't say to none of the girls.

Ryoko had gotten so happy hearing those words, she hugged Tenchi and 
teleported him down to the ground where the ship was, but when they landed 
they spoke to each other once again.

"Ryoko I want you to come with us to Jurai, Sasami wants to go but the ship 
me and Ayeka are in is only for two so I would like to know if you would come 
with us, if not for you then do it for Sasami please" asked Tenchi

Ryoko started to think, she HATED that the fact was that Tenchi and Ayeka 
were going to be bye themselves on that ship, but there was nothing she could 
do about that, so she just nodded her head and decide to go with Tenchi and 
Ayeka but of the Ryo-ohki.

Ryoko had decide on leaving two hours later, because no one else seemed 
ready, Tenchi had bid farewell once again to see everyone there including 
Ryoko bidding them safe trip, Tenchi then got transported on the ship, the 
ship was indeed beautiful, there was so much beauty in the ship, indeed Washu 
had outdone her self. the ship then took of the ground and went up in the sky 
and started to head for Jurai.

Tenchi looked out the window of the ship and saw earth just get smaller and 
smaller, there he was with Ayeka, this was going to be an interesting trip, 
but what would Tenchi do when he gets to Jurai, Tenchi was a tad curious, I 
cant wait till I get to see Jurai, I wonder I will like it there, time had 
passed kind of quick, it was almost two hours already and in another hour or 
so Tenchi and Ayeka would make it to Jurai in a record time.

Indeed Washu's ship was beyond fast, Tenchi was looking at the window when he 
turned to see Ayeka, she looked Beautiful!, it was true Ayeka was beautiful 
but she had out done here self, she was wearing a Jurain extreme high class 
Jurain clothing thats was truly fit for a princess, Tenchi had also had 
dressed up in a Jurain suit as well but it was no where as pretty as Ayeka's, 
Tenchi hoped that Ryoko would come with them to Jurai, he was really hopeing 
for it.

Meanwhile back at the house two hours had come two pass, Sasami, Mihoshi and 
Washu were still waiting for Ryoko's reply to see if Ryoko was going to take 
them, even Ryo-ohki wanted to go, but couldn't go with out her master's 
permission, they were all waiting for Ryoko to speak, they were finally 
facing Ryoko who was just looking at the lake, Ryoko had turned around and 
finally decided to speak, the anticipation was growing to a new level, they 
all looked at Ryoko waiting and then she spoke.

"Ok, what are we waiting for lets go to Jurai"cheered Ryoko

Everyone was so happy to hear those words that Ryoko just spoke, Sasami, 
Mihoshi, and Washu were already ready and now they get to go to the planet 
Jurai, Ryoko had summoned Ryo-ohki and the cabbit had appeared right in front 
of her, Ryoko picked the cabbit and petted her, then tossed the cabbit 
transformed into the notorious pirate ship, just then everyone was 
transformed onto the Ryo-ohki, the Ryo-ohki  had gotten up and was on a 
course into space.

Since Tenchi had left Ryoko had somehow made Ryo-ohki go faster, the Ryo-ohki 
had started to ignighted its engine and gotten acrossed space, at the rate of 
speed that the Ryo-ohki was going they would meet up with Tenchi at Jurai 
about 2 to 3 hours later, it was already an hour and they were blazing at a 
speed that seemed to stop time so fast that everyone was being sucked to the 
back of the Ryo-ohki, it was already three hours and Tenchi and Ayeka had 
just made it to Jurai, they had got of the ship, Tenchi was all but amazed.

"Wow Ayeka, so this is Jurai it is so beautiful"Tenchi was so suprised to see 
how grand that the planet Jurai was actually like.

Ayeka smiled and escorted Tenchi to kingdom of where the emperor lived, 
Tenchi didn't like emperor Azura to much, and Misaki could kill you with her 
loving hugs, hugs which would make the bravest of men crumble, the there was 
Funaho Tenchi's great grand mother, she was the most unique of them all, but 
was deathly the most quietest

Tenchi was so amazed to see such beautiful kingdom, to think this was apart 
of him, Tenchi finally got to see his home world,Tenchi and Ayeka went into 
the grand room where emperor Azura, emperess Misaki and Funaho, Tenchi 
started to worry but Ayeka tried to calm him down

"Hello Tenchi, how are you?"asked Funaho

"I am fine empress Funaho, wow so this is Jurai, this is a most beautiful 
place."replied Tenchi who was still nervous 

"Oh mother, farther I have missed you so much!"cheered Ayeka hugging empress 
Misaki

With that said Misaki had have Ayeka a bone crushing hug, Tenchi saw this and 
realized how strong Ayeka had to be to survive that hug, Ayeka then went to 
her farther emperor Azura, Ayeka a gave a deep bow in show of respect, after 
another 15 minutes of hugging and explaining why they were here Ayeka and 
Tenchi went to grand garden, the garden was so beautiful, Tenchi had saw tree 
that were so beautiful and big, so many tree looked something like Tsunami.

Ayeka and Tenchi were having a nice pleasurely walk in the garden when they 
saw a ship, the ship was black with a purple like center in the middle, Ayeka 
and Tenchi both realized who the ship was and belonged to, it had finally 
landed, both Ayeka and Tenchi just waited to see them come out, three minutes 
after they landed Mihoshi, Washu and Sasami had come out, Ayeka and Tenchi 
both greeted them, Tenchi was confused why Ryoko had decided not to come, 
then of source Washu had to explain it to him

"Uh little Washu I hope your trip was safe and nice, but how come isn't Ryoko 
coming out."asked Tenchi

"Well Tenchi if you had not remember, that Ryoko was the one who almost 
completely destroyed the Jurai empire seven hundred year's ago, so thats 
generally why she is not coming out."replied Washu

Tenchi didn't like that, he wanted everyone to have a good time which also 
included Ryoko, Tenchi had called Ryo-ohki name and was teleported inside, 
there Tenchi saw Ryoko sitting in the command chair, Tenchi had walked to 
Ryoko wondering why she didn't come down even though he already got an 
explanation from Washu, Tenchi had put his arm on Ryoko's shoulder, Ryoko had 
looked up at him, she got up and spoke.

"Hello Tenchi were are here"said Ryoko

"Ryoko would you come down, dont worry no one do ......."Tenchi was cut of by 
Ryoko

"Tenchi I know no one can hurt me their, it's just well the emperor dosent 
like me too much and well I am a space pirate you know, so it's best I dont 
come with you, I mean I am wanted through the galaxy."said Ryoko

 
"Wrong Ryoko, you may be a space pirate but that dosent mean you cant have a 
good time or can change, dont worry Ryoko you will not be bothered I promise 
ok, so lets just go and have so fun"replied Tenchi

Ryoko just sighed and new she was loosing this argument so she just gave a 
happy smile and agreed, Ryoko had decided to wear something different, Tenchi 
was about to have a nose bleed when he heard Ryoko say she was going to 
change but to Tenchi's suprise she acted well behaved and changed her 
clothing.

Ryoko's cloths were exactly just like Tsunami clothing, when Tenchi saw her 
he was amazed on how good she looked, Tenchi had then been teleported out 
side, and waited for Ryoko come out, Ryoko then teleported out side where the 
whole gang finally up, everyone had decided to go to the  main part of the 
garden. the six had finally had reached the main part of the garden, it was 
simply marvelous, Sasami decided to go and play with Ryo-ohki and Mihoshi, 
Washu went with her daughter Ryoko, and Tenchi went with Ayeka, all three 
groups had a stories to tell.

                                                       Sasami, Mihoshi and, 
Ryo-ohki's  time together

"Wow Sasami Jurai sure pretty, I really really like it here Sasami."cheered 
Mihoshi

"Yeah I know what you mean Mihoshi isn't it so beautiful."replied Sasami

Ryo-ohki was having fun chasing some butter fly while Mihoshi and Sasami were 
having a conversation

"Say Sasami what do you think about Tenchi's dreams, there creepy huh?"asked 
Mihoshi

"Huh?, what are you talking about Mihoshi I dont know what your talking 
about?"replied Sasami

Mihoshi started to think(wait a minute, Sasami dosent know, why?, I dont 
understand...oh yeah I remember she was in a trance or something and she 
dosent know what going on, and I had to opened my mouth and said it, now 
think Mihoshi, what can I say to change what I said?, oh I got it)

"What I meant to say Sasami is, uh well what I meant to say is what do you 
think Tenchi dreams about."asked Mihoshi

Well thats a new question, well I dont know what Tenchi thinks about, I never 
really gave any thought about it.replied Sasami

(Why would Mihoshi ask a question like that, its well not like her, I wonder 
if theres something going on and I dont know about it.)

After the unusual talk with Mihoshi, Sasami and Ryo-ohki and Mihoshi went to 
her room, the three went in Sasami's room and Mihoshi was in complete awe, 
Sasami was so happy to see Mihoshi and Ryo-ohki so happy, Sasami had started 
to think once again.


(I am still curious of what Mihoshi was talking about, well if it's important 
I will find out because my friend would tell me)thought Sasami

Sasami had ordered a whole bucket of carrots for Ryo-ohki, the cabbit just 
meowed and started to much on her carrots, Sasami was so happy to be back on 
Jurai, it was a while since she was here, Mihoshi was having a grand ol time 
and she was behaving quiet good, not breaking anything 

                                                                       Ryoko 
and Washu friendly little talk

At the very same time Ryoko and Washu were discussing Tenchi's vision's of 
the future, Ryoko was worried most of all, she couldn't dare think what could 
get her so mad that she could try or kill Tenchi, it was unheard of in 
Ryoko's book, but the future Tsunami said it would come to pass, Ryoko just 
wondered when this so called vision would come to past, and Tenchi himself 
dosent even know about it.

(Ryoko are you ok)asked Washu threw their mind link

(no, ...mom, I cant help but think what Tenchi could do that could make me so 
mad, I could not hurt him, I love him to much to try and kill him.)thought 
back Ryoko

The two took a walk in the liberary where the saw a book of records, they 
both took a look at the book and everything was ok, until they saw a picture 
of Ryoko in the book, the book contain all the information about Ryoko, Washu 
had looked at Ryoko and saw that she looked away from the book, Washu was 
about talk and Ryoko already knew what the question was, and Ryoko answered 
before Washu could even pop the question

"Washu, I am not mad at you anymore so dont get worried, it wasn't your fault 
that you were captured by him, you didn't know so dont ask ok, I know what I 
must have been like."said Ryoko

(Ryoko, that wasn't going to be my question, what I was going to ask you was 
what would you do if Tenchi chose Ayeka instead of you?)asked Washu threw the 
mental link

Ryoko froze and looked at Washu, Ryoko then closed the book and looked back 
at Washu, Washu knew that Ryoko didn't want to even think about that one 
question, but what if it happen, how would Ryoko act, would she let Tenchi 
have his happiness or would she be like the way she was in Tenchi's dream, a 
complete insane demon looking out for revenge, Washu studied Ryoko grim 
expression when she asked the question, Washu then got her answer in their 
mental link.

(What I would do is for me to know, I would decide and if it come then we 
will find out)said Ryoko threw the mental link

Washu had decided go with Mihoshi and Sasami while Ryoko decided to take a 
walk, Washu was right what would Ryoko do if Tenchi chose Ayeka, Ryoko didn't 
like the way things were going Ryoko had decided to later to go look for 
Tenchi later since he was with Ayeka, Ryoko decide to go to the grand 
carnival that was next to the grandgarden, this was bad  idea, because Ryoko 
dint know that, and that is where Ayeka and Tenchi were at.

                                                              Ayeka and 
Tenchi at the carnival

Tenchi and Ayeka were having a good time, they got on all the rides for free 
because of their title, Tenchi still didn't fell suited to be called prince 
but Ayeka said that was nonsense and that all he would do is just have to get 
used to it for a while, Ayeka and Tenchi decided to go on the Ferris wheel, 
of course there was a huge line but because of there status the were next, 
the went n and sat next to each other, Tenchi had looked at Ayeka and he 
thought

(Ayeka you are so beautiful, I am so glad that I came to Jurai with you, I 
hope that later I may be able to learn more, I like it here it is so peaceful 
but I like earth better, I love umm man I still cant decide even in my own 
mind, this is horrible, i mean Tenchi look at her isn't she beautiful why 
just cant you say at least something)though t Tenchi arguing with himself 
mentally

They were still on the ride when Ayeka spoke, Tenchi was suprised to hear 
what the princess had to say, he shouldn't of he knew she might pop the 
question and she did


"Tenchi, this palace is so beautiful dont you agree."asked Ayeka looking at 
Tenchi who looked as if he had something on his mind

"Yes Ayeka it is, Jurai is indeed a beautiful place, I really like it 
hear."replied 

"You do like it Tenchi, well um......... would you like to stay 
here?"questioned Ayeka wanting to know desperately

(Oh great, she had to say it,  I say I want to live in earth she will be sad 
but if I say I want to live here everything might change, think Tenchi what 
to say, I mean just look at here she is waiting for an answer, ok Tenchi go 
and say it)thought Tenchi who was mentally fighting himself

"To tell you the truth, .......... I would like to live here but I still like 
it on earth and I would miss everyone who was there."said Tenchi hopeing 
Ayeka wouldn't be offended

Ayeka inturn was not happy or mad  with what Tenchi said but at the same time 
not sad or glad at all, she still had a chance with Tenchi, all she had to do 
was take it slow and he could be all her's

"Well ok, Tenchi would you mind if you can stay  month here since it is a 
summer vacation on earth as you call it?"asked Ayeka who hoped that he would 
say yes

(Hmm well why not I have nothing else to do on earth so yeah I guess I will 
go)Tenchi thought to himself

"Ok Ayeka I will stay with you here on Jurai, besides I would like to see 
this place more often it is beautiful, and I could get used to it."replied 
Tenchi 

The ride finally ended and they both got off, they supriseingly held there 
hands together, for a few minutes the two walked together, Ayeka was so happy 
it was a dream for here, she was with Tenchi on Jurai but Ayeka still ha to 
ask Tenchi the question, the biggest question of her life, but everytime she 
wanted to ask her question her morals as a princess seem to stop her, Ayeka 
looked at Tenchi who finally seemed to be relaxed, they decided to sit on  a 
near bye bench., it was getting late soon Tenchi would be going to sleep in 
his bed chamber, Tenchi looked at Ayeka and sighed happily, he finally spoke.
 
"Ayeka thank you for asking me to come to Jurai it is very beautiful 
here."said Tenchi looking at the princess

"Your welcome lord Tenchi, but umm lord Tenchi I have something to ask you, 
and I have been wanting to ask you for a very long time."replied Ayeka who 
started to become nervous

(Tenchi I have a feeling of what she is going to say, and I knew that she 
might ask, well no matter what I do now  she is still going to say it, so 
Tenchi what to say, think genius, and think hard, I know why not calm her 
down so she can ask her question, yeah thats a perfect idea, I.......I 
hope)thought Tenchi

"Go ahead Ayeka you can tell me."said Tenchi who felt so stupid just saying 
that but he had no choice

"Well ok lord Tenchi, ...ok umm how can is say this, everytime I see you, 
well um lord Tenchi I...I love you, I love you more than you could ever 
imagine, I have loved you ever since you took me an Sasami in, I have grown 
to love you more and more, but I need to know lord Tenchi do you love me 
please tell me lord Tenchi ."asked Ayeka desperately

(I knew it, ok Tenchi think and think quick, uhh.....,why cant I think, I do 
love her but I dont know if I am in love with her, and I dont want to hurt 
her feelings but I cant lye at the same time, well Tenchi just say what you 
believe in, and all will be said and done I guess)thought Tenchi

It was getting later bye the minute Ryoko had been walking for a long time 
she finally left the carnival and decided to go and look for Tenchi, for 
several minutes she went looking until she saw Tenchi and Ayeka, Ryoko was 
about to bud in but decided not to, but at the same time she didn't want to 
leave, Ryoko had decide to go and here everything behind a tree thats was 
next to Ayeka and Tenchi, what was wrong was what Ryoko heard she didn't hear 
the whole conversation which just didn't help, Ryoko had started to listen 
even thought she didn't really want to, then she heard Ayeka speak

"Tenchi please tell me the truth do you love me!"asked Ayeka getting more and 
more desperate

Ryoko could not stand it, but at the same time it was time for destiny to 
take affect, all would change in Tenchi next few words but what would he say, 
he finally licked his lips and started to speak

Ayeka I...love you to, I have loved you to ever since you came with me to 
earth I have grown to love to, you are such a big part of my life."said 
Tenchi finally

(I wonder if I said it correctly so that she wouldn't take the idea 
wrong)thought Tenchi

Ayeka on the other hand took it her way, her beautiful eyes started to water, 
they both stood up an looked at each other, Tenchi not sure what he said was 
right and Ayeka was at an all time high, Ayeka hugged Tenchi and said she 
loved him with all her heart, Tenchi was abit baffeled, Tenchi heard a 
rustling behind trees, Tenchi eyes bulged wide when he saw cyan hair, Tenchi 
hoped to everything if it wasn't who he thought it was, Tenchi and Ayeka 
still held each other, Ayeka finally spoke.

"Who's there?"Ayeka was suprised and realized who it was and it was Ryoko.

She had turned around and looked at the two, no longer were Ryoko eyes gold, 
they had turned terrifying inferno like red, Tenchi and Ayeka took a step 
back, Ryoko just disappeared, Tenchi and Ayeka were both shooken up, it was 3 
hours after the incident with Ryoko seeing Tenchi and Ayeka, no one where 
Ryoko was, they decided to all go to sleep and look for Ryoko in the morning 
if she was here, since Ryo-ohki was with Sasami that means Ryoko may still be 
here, Tenchi had heard what Ayeka said and was still confused about what he 
himself said, he just couldnt hurt Ayeka but he hurt Ryoko even more, Tenchi 
had finally fell asleep, Tenchi didn't have a dream at all, it was morning 
already, Tenchi had gotten up and saw Ayeka, Washu, Sasami, and  Mihoshi just 
waiting for him.

"What is going on Washu"asked Tenchi wondering

Washu had pointed Tenchi over to where the grand garden was and he saw Ryoko 
there, everyone couldn't go, everytime someone came to stop Ryoko would shot 
energy beams at them, even Washu couldn't help Ryoko, Tenchi had decided that 
it was his fault and it was his obligation, for some reason Tenchi had a 
sense of deja vu, Tenchi walked causiouly le but was stopped in his tracks 
when and energy stopped him, Tenchi thought and decided to talk to Ryoko.

"Ryoko why are you doing this?"asked Tenchi

Ryoko just looked at Tenchi with utter hatred, how could Tenchi be so dense 
did he realize thats he had hurt her in such I way that even Kagato couldn't 
do, Tenchi was in a big trouble and he knew it.

"Why Tenchi how could you, I loved you."said Ryoko charging her energy sword 
and looking at Tenchi

"Ryoko calm down ok, please I can explain"begged Tenchi

Ryoko attacked Tenchi, with such a force that Tenchi was taken back a few 
steps, Tenchi was lucky that he brought the Tenchi-ken to block Ryoko attacks

"Ryoko please stop this you said you loved me so why cant you believe me when 
I said I love you."said Tenchi blocking Ryoko's onslaught of attack's

"You expect me to believe you when I saw you express you true feeling's to 
Ayeka, how could you, all you had to do was Tenchi instead of breaking my 
heart, just tell me."replied Ryoko as she stopped attacking Tenchi

The two warriors looking at each other both warriors were extremely powerful, 
Tenchi summoned up his powers and with out warning the Light Hawk Wings 
appeared, he saw Ryoko but Tenchi didn't want to kill Ryoko, but Ryoko seemed 
to want to kill Tenchi, Ryoko had changed some much her one gems was so 
powerfull, how could the one who loved him the most now want him dead as a 
door nail, Tenchi had raised his Tenchi-ken and hand it pointed and a 
attacking stance but was alarmed when her felt a tugging on the sword, Tenchi 
looked at the sword and look at the two remaining gem's that belonged to 
Ryoko, the two gem's started to vibrate with such force that almost got out 
of Tenchi's hand, the two gem's literally broke them selves free from the 
sword and went straight towards Ryoko's neck and other wrist,  with that 
power the two gem had gave Ryoko the ultimate power, Ryoko now also had the 
power of the Light Hawk Wings, just then Tenchi looked at Washu who was 
observing the whole battle since it started, even she was suprised that the 
gem's could even do that.

"Tenchi be careful Ryoko's feels betrayed because of you thats why her gem's 
came to her, please dont harm her I beg of you Tenchi she is my beloved 
daughte..............."said Washu but just then Washu was hit by one of 
Ryoko's energy beams.

Washu had fallen to the ground knocked out cold, Ayeka, Sasami, and Mihoshi 
went to the scientist to see if she was all right, just then Ayeka was almost 
strucken by Ryoko energy beam, Ayeka had a determined look on her face and 
she summoned Azaka and Kamidaki the two wooden guardian came to the princess 
but were mere toy's to Ryoko's power, with a wave of Ryoko's hand two energy 
beams the sized of bowling ball's both  hit Azaka and Kamidaki and both of 
the guardians just were destroyed, Ayeka was starting to become scared but 
still held her own, just then Ryoko came right next to Ayeka and brought 
formed an energy sword and out it right next to Ayeka's throat, just then 
Ryoko was going to strike Ayeka when Tenchi blocked Ryoko's attack.

"Ryoko stop this please, I love you, we all love you, but I wont let you take 
the life of Ayeka or any other person."yelled Tenchi

"Any other person huh, well lets see Tenchi?"replied Ryoko with a devil-like 
grin on her face which, meant probably something wrong.

Then Tenchi thought really quick, as it finally came to him why these events 
seem so obvious

(Wait a goddamn minute this is just like my dream, everything is coming true, 
I have to stop this, I will stop this) thought Tenchi

Ryoko had put her head down in shame and saw her reflection in a puddle of 
water, but still had her energy sword, all she could see was a space pirate 
who fell in love with the man who didn't love her but he said he did but she 
knew he was lying, Ryoko had raised her head with a new determination on her 
face but nobody knew what she would do, not even Washu because Ryoko some how 
blocked her mental mind link, Ryoko had looked at Tenchi a said that  she 
loved him and raised her energy sword 

"NO! Ryoko DONT DO IT! "screamed Tenchi

Ryoko had looked at Tenchi, he knew what she trying to do, Ryoko didn't care 
she raised her energy sword and looked at Tenchi, she  was getting ready to 
thrust it in to her heart, but before she could Tenchi had ran to her and 
held her hand that han the energy word, Ryoko had looked at him, why was he 
trying  so hard to stop her, Ryoko saw him choose so why is he still caring 
for her, Ryoko had pushed Tenchi and he was taken back a bit, Ryoko had 
looked at Tenchi and she started to speak.

"Tenchi leave me alone or I ....I will kill you I swear."said Ryoko no louder 
than a whisper

"No Ryoko I wont leave you alone, I wont abandon you, so dont tell me to do 
it because I wont so stop this right now!"yelled Tenchi 

Ryoko just looked at Tenchi, she could not still believe that he chose Ayeka, 
Ryoko had fought so hard for nothing, Ryoko started to laugh, Tenchi didn't 
like the sound of her laugh, thing just worrying going well, all this time 
Tenchi had finally realized his dreams weren't dreams at all infact they were 
vision of the future, and if Ryoko would die Tenchi would be put threw so 
much pain, yet again Ryoko had turned her head from Tenchi's gaze, and 
started to think.

(Why Tenchi, why must you hurt me so much, I have longed for you ever since I 
first saw you, and this is what I got in return, I waited 700 years in that 
cave, and now I wish I were back in there, its not worth it, how could you 
forget me and love her out the blue, am I not good enough for you Tenchi, I 
would die for you, I would do anything for you, even   if it meant becoming 
the notorious space pirate again)thought Ryoko

Tenchi had lowered his sword though still active though, Ryoko then turned 
around to look at Tenchi, Ryoko had looked at him for a minute, she realized 
that in he mind she was unworthy of a man like that, Ayeka had won his heart, 
all this time and she did not see it or refused to see it, Ryoko looked at 
him and raised her energy sword and pointed it at Tenchi, Tenchi stepped back 
just a little, he was unsure of what Ryoko might do, Ryoko then cried and 
charged Tenchi, Tenchi in turn was shocked that he did not raised his sword 
in time to block an attack, Ryoko while lunging at him threw and energy beam 
at him, Tenchi had doged it but fell to the ground, Ryoko was still going 
after him but before Ryoko could go any further the Tenchi-ken had stabbed 
Ryoko in her midsection, Tenchi lay on his back, with the body of an impaled 
Ryoko on him, Tenchi face turned completely white in a result of what had 
just gone down, he had not meant for this to happen, Tenchi quickly 
discharged the Tenchi-ken and turned Ryoko over, Ryoko was bleeding severely 
and her blood was going everywhere, with very little strength Ryoko spoke

"Thank you...Tenchi for setting me free."whispered Ryoko barely alive

"No Ryoko!, Washu come here please, Ryoko needs help."screamed Tenchi 

Washu did not answer, she was still  unconscious, Tenchi had picked up 
Ryoko's head and put it on his lab, Tenchi started to cry to see what he had 
done, one of his best friend was about to die by his own hands, and there was 
nothing he could do about it, Tenchi had looked at Ryoko to see her barly 
breathing at all, Tenchi caressed her cyan hair to calm her down, but Tenchi 
didn't know what to do, Ryoko was slipping fast.

"Tenchi...,I..hope you and Ayeka..have a wonderful life."said Ryoko who was 
almost dead at this point

Tenchi had looked at Ryoko, not once in his entire life had Tenchi ever seen 
love this strong, it was strong like his mothers, Tenchi started to hold 
Ryoko, he did not know what to do, Ayeka, Sasami, Mihoshi were all trying to 
wake Washu up but it wasn't looking to good she was out like a light, Ryoko 
started to cough out some blood, getting very tired Ryoko had looked at 
Tenchi, and Tenchi for once did something he had never done to any of the 
girls, Tenchi brought this his face closer to Ryoko, they had made contact 
and looked at each other, they moved closer till they could feel each others 
breath.

Tenchi closed his eyes decided and kissed Ryoko, thats was the last thing 
Ryoko could hold dear to her very should, Tenchi had opened his eyes after 
the kiss and realized that Ryoko was not breathing anymore, she had her eyes 
closed, Tenchi started to scream in horror, the only word that came out of 
Tenchi mouth was the name of the women he just lost

"Ryoko!" screamed Tenchi as he realized he was now holding his friend who lay 
dead in his arms

Everyone looked at Tenchi, Sasami, Mihoshi and Ayeka saw Tenchi feeling so 
helpless, Mihoshi and Ayeka looked at each other, both knew that something 
had changed but most of it is coming to, then it hit Ayeka like a rock she 
remember Tsunami words before she left, Ayeka remember what Tsunami had said 
perfectly, I will say this the day Tenchi decide to choose, he talked to one 
of you but he didn't choose that person, the other woman weather being Ayeka 
or Ryoko saw this and this is how this all started, one woman dreams were 
shattered, Ayeka and Ryoko listen to me, he has already decided on who he 
loves its just a matter of time until he admits it or not, said Tsunami.

Ayeka had took a step back in horror that it was her, she was the woman that 
had her dreams shattered, Ayeka took a look around, she should of realized it 
when she saw Jurai in Tenchi dream, Tenchi had never seen Jurai before, Ayeka 
just did not realize this, Ayeka was hurt more than she was letting off, she 
had loved Tenchi and she knew that it wasn't her who he loved, the future 
Tsunami said it and Ayeka tried to not believe it, then it happened Ayeka had 
looked at Tenchi he was emitting a red aura around him, Washu had just woken 
up and already knew what happened, she also started to cry in sorrow, they 
all now looked at Tenchi his wings started to form, and from three to six 
from six to ten, the wings grew, but it kept growing, but something happened 
Tenchi wings were now red and they were no not ten but twenty Light Hawk 
Wings, and Washu said she knew what it was.

"Washu what is happening to Tenchi, why does he have twenty Light Hawk Wings 
when there can only be ten, and why are they red ,is he turning evil or 
something of that matter, what is it Washu please tell me"screamed Ayeka who 
was scared

"Ayeka it is not that Tenchi is turning evil, it that the Light Hawk Wings 
some how had maxed put there power and went to a new stage of power, the one 
he loved had died and it triggered something in him, no more does Tenchi have 
three Light Hawk Wings,this new power has twenty Super Light Hawk Wings, if 
you can even call them that.

Everyone was still looking at Tenchi, he was still there with Ryoko who died 
bye his very hands, the Light Hawks Wings flared up once again, and everyone  
looked at Tenchi the Light Hawk Wings surrounded Tenchi and Ryoko, no one 
could even get close to them even if they tried, the blazing flames of Tenchi 
wings were so powerful, inside the wings Tenchi saw Ryoko still laying on the 
ground, he picked up Ryoko and looked at her face, Tenchi could not think 
straight, Ryoko was always there for him and now it was his time to watch 
over her.

So much has Ryoko been threw so much, with one of Tenchi many Light Hawk 
Wings he had raised her body he looked at her, Tenchi had thought of nothing 
but Ryoko hopeing that some how he might be able to bring her back the way 
Tsunami brought him back, but he didn't know where to start then with out 
warning Tenchi and Ryoko were taken to a place unknown everyone except the 
three goddess themselves, there he saw Washu in her adult form and Tsunami, 
the third goddess Tokimi was not there, Tenchi was curious and wanted to know 
why he was brought here.

"Tenchi you are here for what purpose, what do you want."asked Washu and 
Tsunami together at the same time

"Washu or Tsunami can Ryoko be brought be back to life."asked Tenchi in utter 
desperation

The two goddess looked at each other and they both had said the same thing to 
Tenchi at the very sometime

"Yes Tenchi she can, Ryoko can be brought back to life but SHE has to want to 
be brought back to life."said both Tsunami and Washu looking at Tenchi

"What do you mean I dont understand?, please tell me what I need to 
know."asked Tenchi getting more and more aggravated

"In this place she is alive, but out side she will die instantly, the only 
way she can live outside of the place is if she wants to be brought back to 
life, it is her decision and hers alone, look Tenchi there she is."said both 
Tsunami and Washu

Tenchi had looked and saw Ryoko standing in front of him, she still had her 
Tsunami like clothing on, Tenchi walked closer when he saw Ryoko's burn up 
then turn up in her black and red battle suit, Tenchi for once did not step 
back and faced his destiny, destiny had awaited.

Destiny had arrived and destiny was now, but would Tenchi face up to his 
destiny, Tenchi still walked to Ryoko, he slowed down when he saw her make an 
energy sword, Tenchi didn't want to fight Ryoko, but if it meant showing 
Ryoko how much he cared for her then so be it, Tenchi decided not to forsake 
her anymore.

Slowly Tenchi kept on walking until Ryoko was five feet away and stopped, 
Ryoko had the Light Hawk Wings as well, all ten to be exact, Tenchi dint like 
the fact of that he might fight someone with the Light Hawk Wings as well, 
but it was time for Tenchi to decided, should he go up against destiny or 
should he forsake her and let her to die, no Tenchi was prepared the time was 
no destiny had come now it was time for Tenchi to face the music.

                                                                            
DESTINY

Tenchi finally wanted to speak to Ryoko but he could not get any words out 
his mouth he didn't know what to say that would make her happy or in that 
fact ever realized how much he actually hurt Ryoko, Tenchi was about to speak 
but Ryoko had turned her head away from him, Tenchi was growing impatient, 
this was the only way to save Ryoko and she didn't want to be saved, but 
Tenchi wasn't about to give up yet.

"Tenchi why are you here, can you let me die in peace, you have done enough 
for me."said Ryoko still looking away

"No Ryoko, I cant do that and I wont let you die, I wont forsake you, if 
there is always for me to save you,  I will try then, but I can only do it 
with you help."replied Tenchi

"Tenchi leave me alone, you hurt me so much, you always avoided me, you 
always never tried to talk to me at all, I always tried to protect you, I saw 
you when you were young, the day when your mom died I saw you, Tenchi I saw 
it all or did you forget, I was always there for you, and what did you do for 
me nothing, all I wanted was to be loved by you."yelled Ryoko

"Ryoko thats not true, how ca..."Tenchi  could not finish Ryoko had shot an 
energy blast at his feet to shut him up and it worked.

"Why do you just let me die already, you have caused me enough pain as it 
is."said Ryoko

"No Ryoko I wont, dont you understand I am not going to let you go."said 
Tenchi who looked at Ryoko determined as ever

"Why you are in love with Ayeka, arent you, I mean I heard you say it I saw 
you express your true feelings to her I saw it all Tenchi."replied Ryoko

"I said I love Ayeka, but I love you and everyone else to."said Tenchi

Ryoko could not take it any more she turned around, she raised her energy 
sword to Tenchi, apon seeing this Tenchi put his head down, he knew what he 
would have to do to save Ryoko ,but it was something he did not want to do, 
most likely he would lose but he had know choice, Tenchi looked up and 
ignited the Light Hawk Sword instead of the Tenchi-ken, the two looked at 
each, they both knew in a few seconds that everything would be different, so 
much was at stake.

Ryoko was the prize and failure for Tenchi would mean her death, Tenchi did 
not like the way that sounded but if it meant just best her then, slowly 
Tenchi had decided to go for her gems then, it was obvious with out her gems 
Ryoko would lose but that was harder then it seemed, they still looked at 
each other, man to women, friend to foe, prince to devil-princess, the two 
finally started to battle

                                                                       Tenchi 
vs. Ryoko


The two started to advance each other, as both sword clashed it was obvious 
that both of there skills had improve so much that they were or it seemed to 
be a complete draw, Tenchi did not like this, he was getting tired and Ryoko 
seemed to be getting faster, as the sword clash once again, for several 
minutes they were fencing, but Tenchi could not keep up Ryoko's speed.

Why did Ryoko just want to die, didn't she realized that he was trying to 
save her, as Tenchi look he lost sight of Ryoko, then with out warning seven 
energy beams came down in his direction, Tenchi had just realized this just 
to block the attack, the very same time Tenchi blocked the attack he was 
punch right in the stomach and fell to the ground, he looked and saw Ryoko, 
she was just standing there with tears in her eyes that were slowly escaping 
her face, she did not want to do this but Tenchi left her no choice.

Ryoko grew her energy sword up and thrusted it to Tenchi, Tenchi saw this and 
bummed rush Ryoko and she fell to the floor ,Ryoko had disappeared and Tenchi 
was unaware of were Ryoko was, Tenchi looked in front of him and saw Ryoko, 
she just seem to be waiting

"Ryoko, stop this I am trying to help you cant you see this ,I love 
you."screamed Tenchi catching his breath

"How can you say you love me when I saw you with Ayeka and express you 
feelings to her, I dont want to live anymore if I cant be with you Tenchi, I 
had waited to long and it was for nothing."replied Ryoko who was still heart 
broken

"Ryoko please stop this I love you."said Tenchi

"You love me huh?, how can you just lie right infront of my face like that, 
when I saw what I saw"yelled Ryoko

Tenchi started to think, and he had no other choice but to do so, he was 
loosing this battle and he refused to give up so easily

(Why cant she realize that I love her, I could not decide before but now that 
I have I may lose her, no I wont, I will save her)thought Tenchi

Tenchi walked close to Ryoko, she just wondered what he was going to do now, 
she knew there was know way Tenchi could beat her, even in this new stage of 
power, her skill as a fighter was far better than he was, Ryoko was to good 
in skill to lose, Ryoko saw Tenchi and what he then did was such a supprise, 
Tenchi transformed back into his normal self, no Light Hawk Wing no nothing, 
just plain old Tenchi, Ryoko stuck her right arm forward with her energy 
sword wavering and wondered is he giving up, Ryoko doubted that but what was 
Tenchi trying to do.

"Ryoko, I wont fight you anymore, I cant fight the women I love."said Tenchi 
trying calm Ryoko and get her to understand

Ryoko was not so sure if Tenchi was telling a lie or not, Ryoko started to 
wonder if Tenchi was in love with her, but even if that is true he put her 
threw so much pain, all the waiting all the wondering just kept Ryoko 
wondering if she ever had a chance.

"T..Tenhci how do I know you mean it, after all the time you kept me 
waiting?"asked Ryoko crying

Tenchi walked up to Ryoko and looked directly in her, her brought himself 
close and Tenchi kissed her, Tenchi could feel Ryoko's loosen up just a bit 
but not that much, she was still tense, after they broke up there kiss they 
were just looking at each other, Ryoko still hand the Light Hawk Wing's, her 
power was indeed strong, Ryoko had moved away from Tenchi, she was still 
crying but Ryoko had sat down on the floor, Tenchi had followed and sat right 
next to her.

"Ryoko I love you, please dont abandon me please."begged Tenchi

"But Tenchi you caused me so much pain, you dont know how much pain I have 
gone threw, just to even meet you, and now uh nevermind."replied Ryoko 

"Ryoko I am sorry but,...I wish there was a way I could see your past and 
then I would understand you, I love you and I want to know everything about 
you, weather   bad or good I dont care I love you."said Tenchi

Tenchi do you really want to see my past do you really see what I had to go 
threw all these years if you do then I will see everything about you as 
well.said Ryoko


Tenchi just nodded firmly, as they both got up and looked at each other, 
Ryoko held Tenchi hand in hand, Tenchi Light Hawk Wings emerged but no the 
Super Light Hawk Wings, they only seemed to have come once. suddenly a blue 
aura surrounded the both of them, they still looked at each other, Tenchi 
realized that Ryoko would understand Tenchi's predicament all these years and 
he would understand Ryoko much better, Tenchi was waiting for a minutes 
wondering when was this thing supposed to happen.

Then with out warning a surge of information went into Tenchi mind, 
everything Ryoko had ever done, everything Kagato had done to her, he started 
understand, but there was more Tenchi also saw that Ryoko was there for him 
when he was a kid, she was not lying about that, they were done the aura 
disappeared, they just looked at each other, Ryoko just fell from exhaustion 
do that information transfer to Tenchi, Ryoko finally understoud Tenchi more, 
he REALLY did love her, she should of realized.

Ryoko started to think to herself, now that Tenchi saw her thougth she was 
happy that they could understand each other better 

(Oh my head hurts so much, well I hope Tenchi understands what he put me 
threw, all the pain and waiting) thought Ryoko

(Yes Ryoko I understand what I put you threw and I am sorry, I love you my 
Ryoko)thought Tenchi threw there new mind link

(What how is this possible, I never thought this could happen, its like out 
minds are one now)thought Ryoko

(I never would of thought, Ryoko please come with me home)thought Tenchi 
right back to Ryoko

Ryoko had just nodded and hugged Tenchi with all her energy, Tenchi needed 
air very badly, Ryoko soon realized this and laughed happily, the question 
was how can they get back, both use thought of Jurai, since thats the last 
place they were, they started to get teleported, they looked at each other 
and kissed once again, they got teleported, destiny had seemed to come for 
Tenchi but it wasn't over just yet, now he HAD to tell Ayeka still for Tenchi 
it was another struggle

                                                                            
meanwhile on Jurai
 
It was already an hour and no one had saw Tenchi or Ryoko since they 
disappeared, Ayeka was crying as she realized that Tenchi had chosen Ryoko 
and not her, why she asked her self so many times I had wanted to tell him 
but I could not, Ayeka couldn't never tell Tenchi that she truly loved him, 
right then and when Tenchi started talking to her she should of known, 
everyone was growing in worry, Mihoshi, Sasami, Washu and Ayeka didn't like 
this, Tenchi and Ryoko just vanished out thin air and there had been no sign 
of them ever since, Washu worried she felt another presence on her, the mind 
link with Ryoko and Ryo-ohki was ok, she never sensed it before but she knew 
who ever this sense came from was good, then suddenly a huge portal came 
open, Washu, Sasami, Mihoshi and Ayeka all came to each other ready to see 
what or who would come out.

To there suprise it was Tenchi and Ryoko who had come out, Washu knew where 
they had gone and so did Sasami or rather
Tsunami, Washu and Sasami's body was on Jurai the entire time but there 
astral forms of the goddess Washu and goddess Tsunami were there to guide 
Tenchi, Ayeka was happy that Tenchi had come back but Ayeka also wasn't so 
pleased about it either, Sasami and Ryo-okhi had hugged Ryoko, while Mihoshi 
and Washu hugged Tenchi, Mihoshi wanted to know where they had gone but Washu 
said she would tell her later, Washu then looked at Ryoko and Tenchi and 
sighed happily.

Washu started to think to herself, since she has seen her daughter back she 
was very pleased

(Tenchi and Ryoko, I hope the best for you, i love you my little Ryoko) said 
Washu threw her mindlink to Ryoko

(Mother I wish you would stop calling my little, I dont like being called 
that you should know this by now)replied back Ryoko threw there mental link

(Would you to stop arguing ,Ryoko it's nothing to get mad about.)said Tenchi 
threw his mind link

Washu head just popped up in utter suprise, she looked at Tenchi then at 
Ryoko then at Tenchi again, for twenty seconds Washu did not understand how 
this was possible, but then the greatest scientific genius in the universe 
figured it out, Washu started to laugh out loud at released Tenchi from her 
hug, Washu, Ryoko and Tenchi all knew that they had to tell Ayeka even though 
she already knows, but how would they tell her, she would probably be hurt 
more, they all decided that they would have to break the news to her.

It would be hard for them, but the decided to break it to her, Ryoko decided 
not to go with Tenchi or Washu to tell Ayeka, Sasami, Mihoshi, and Ryo-ohki 
all decided to go and talk to Ryoko while Tenchi had to talk to Ayeka, Ayeka 
was sitting on the bench where everything happened, Tenchi had approach her, 
and Ayeka looked and saw Tenchi, she looked away not wanting to see his gaze, 
Tenchi kept on walking toward her, he sat down on the bench, Tenchi started 
to speak.

"Miss Ayeka I am sorry, I didn't want to hurt you."said Tenchi meaning 
absolute truth

"I know Tenchi but, you hurt me regardless, why why did you choose her, WHY 
Tenchi."said a crying Ayeka

Tenchi just held Ayeka while she cried in his arms, he did not really like 
this, both girls loved him and he knew this was going to happen one of these 
day and it had happened, Ayeka stopped crying as she saw Tenchi mood, he did 
not know what to do let along say anything.

"Tenchi I love you, I just hope you and Ryoko make the best of your 
lives."said Ayeka

"Miss Ayeka, um uhh"Tenchi didn't know what to say

"Tenchi I am going to stay here on Jurai, Sasami will decided where she wants 
to go, but please promise me this Tenchi remember me."said Ayeka

"Miss Ayeka I could never forget you, you are a part of my life, I will never 
forget you"replied Tenchi

The two got up and walked hand in hand back to then to the palace, the Ryo-
ohki was already in its space ship mode, Sasami was told that she could go 
with Tenchi or earth or stay here on Jurai, Sasami didn't know what to do, 
dhe wantws to be with her loving sister, Ayeka asked Sasami to go, Sasami had 
been reluctant but eventually agreed, Mihoshi went of course and as did Washu 
as well, they were all in the Ryo-ohki except Tenchi.

Tenchi told Ryoko that he would be right back to talk to Ayeka one more time, 
he had to make sure that he set everything right, Tenchi had walked into the 
grand palace and went into Ayeka's room, there Ayeka was sitting on the bed 
looking out the window tearing, Tenchi clenched his fist knowing this was his 
fault, Tenchi had walked to Ayeka and spoke to her once again

"Miss Ayeka."Tenchi said knowing what he should do

"Yes, Lord Tenchi?"asked Ayeka who ow face the prince who was going to leave 
Jurai

"I am sorry, if you want you could still live with us anytime you want, you 
will always be a guest in our house remember that Ayeka, you are family to us 
all"said Tenchi

Ayeka got of her bed and walked towards Tenchi they looked at each other for 
a long time until they kissed each other, Ayeka had always wanted to be 
kissed by Tenchi and was kissed, Ayeka sighed happily and then Tenchi had 
left saying goodbye one last time, as Tenchi walked out the palace Masaki and 
Funaho both also greeted him goodbye, Tenchi left quick because he didn't 
want to see Azura,  Tenchi had made it to the Ryo-ohki, he looked at the 
grand palace and saw Ayeka waving at him, Tenchi had waved back and was 
teleported on the Ryo-ohki, 

Tenchi sighed happily as he walked to Ryoko and put him arm on her shoulder, 
they looked at each other and were going to kiss when Mihoshi fell on the 
floor really hard, they all could not help but laugh, for three hours 
everything was so quite and calm, the Ryo-ohki eventually s saw earth, they 
were now entering the atmosphere and landed right in the back of Tenchi's 
house.

They had landed and everyone got off except Ryoko and Tenchi who still were 
on board, they looked at each other and smile then got off, Ryo-ohki 
transformed back in to her cabbit form and went to find Sasami, Washu went 
back in her lab of course and decided to work on a bed room for the two, 
Mihoshi was just in time to catch her soap opera, Tenchi and Ryoko were 
sitting outside of the cave where Ryoko was put in.

Tenchi saw Ryoko eyes started tearing, Ryoko then looked at Tenchi and kissed 
him., destiny had finally come, all the weird dreams were actually visions of 
a brutal future, destiny was over, as the two got up they held each other 
hands and they were finally at peace.

(Tenchi, I love you, I am sorry for the ways I acted)thought Ryoko threw 
there mind link

(bah it ok, i love you too, lets go inside it getting cold.)said Tenchi threw 
his mind link right back

The two looked at one more time and headed back in the house, indeed so much 
had changed in so little time, but was it the end?, would Ryoko be next to 
have these weird dream, or would it be Washu or Mihoshi who knows, it was 
done, it was there destiny to fall in love, but the question was, who would 
be there to spoil there little romance, that is a question that no one may 
ever know.

Meanwhile back at the place unknown to everybody except the three goddess, 
the last goddess Tokimi had heard and saw everything, Tokimi started to 
smile, it seemed she had a plan.

"Tenchi and Ryoko, hehehhe you fools you dont know do you, well no matter 
when the time is right you shall find out that this is only the beginning, 
your destiny's will not change, will die mark my word you will die."said 
Tokimi

                                                                       
?THE?END?

Legal Disclaimer: ok the character of Tenchi muyo belong to AIC and pioneer, 
i do not own these characters at all so what ever you do dont sue me, i aint 
got the money.
the story was mine and thats it so there.
this is my story and soon the next story FATE will be a sequel of it, the is 
Divine Death Dragon signing out.
comments are EXTREMELY appreciated, i truly want to know what you think, i 
need to know please, e-mail me at Divine_Death_Dragon@1freeemail.com
                                                           Destiny

