                        Fire's Glory
                        Kprofsea@aol.com
                        " The Final Disappearance"

        I do not own these characters, they're too cool for someone like me
to have come up with.  The only characters I have made up is Kiyone's
'brother' and his accomplices.  Again, please don't sue me, this is pure fan
fic and I do not own these characters!!!!!!

         Ok, sorry it took so long for me to finally write this, but i
really
was lacking inspiration, anyway, enjoy!  Thanks to Annie for helping me
overcome my writers block!  :)

        WARNING!: If you have not read the other parts of this fanfiction
you
will have no idea what is going on.  You have been warned.

            Tenchi gasped.  " K-Kiyone's brother!"  He looked toward the
bubble-like thing that Kiyone was in.  " That's not true!  I don't believe
you! Kiyone would have  told us if she had a brother!  Especially if he was
dangerous!"
    Cuifero Jamaneeka laughed.  " She never told you?!  That stupid half-wit
never told you?!"  The green haired man frowned at Cuifero.  " Well, are you
going to do it, or are you going to stand around all day and laugh?"
Cuifero
stopped, looked at The Man with Green Hair and smiled.  Before Tenchi could
even blink, the green haired man was slumped on the ground and Cuifero was
putting away a glowing red sword.  " Poor fool, Alako was,  seemed to think
this was a partnership,"  The man with black hair walked over to Ryoko's
container.  "So this is, or was rather, the famous space pirate Ryoko, I
always imagined her a little...scarier."  in his mind, Tenchi could not help
think, even at a time like this, Trust me, she can be pretty scary!  Then
something registered.  " Hey! What do  you mean was?"
    Cuifero walked up to Tenchi.  " What Yakolta means is that once we
drained all her power out of her, she'll be, well, dead."  He turned and
walked over to Sasami's 'bubble' .  " Don't worry, first we must drain
little
Princess Sasami first.  You, even though we managed to take out Tsunami,
Sasami has a few powers of her own, perhaps they rubbed off from Tsunami, I
neither know nor care where she got them, just as long as she has them."  He
looked back at Tenchi.  " Then you are going to give us the sword.  Or else
you can  say goodbye to everyone."  Tenchi stared at him in anger.  "Who do
you think you are!?  Why must you involve the others in this?"  Cuifero
chuckled.  " Each of them is important, isn't that nice?  Ryoko, Ayeka,  and
Sasami's powers, Washuu's genius, your sword, and, well, the others are here
in case you don't do as we say.  Except for Kiyone, I have a special plan
for
her, the one who ruined my life!"
    Yakolta walked over to Cuifero and whispered something in his ear.  "
Ah,
it is time to start.  Don't worry, you have at least an hour to decide which
is more important-your friends' lives, or the sword."  With that he and
Yakolta walked away.
    Just as Tenchi was about to give up hope, or try and think up a plan, he
heard Washuu's voice.
    * Tenchi, can you hear me?*  he would have jumped, had he not been
constrained.  " I hear you" he answered.  * Shh! Don't talk out loud!  i
created an ESP fjaljflasdghads ( Washuu went into a lot of technical talk)
and I just happened to have it with me when I disappeared.  It's really
interesting how they got us to disappear, even if it is a little primitive-*
* Washuu!  That's not important!  And what is this thing?*  Washuu gave a
mental sigh.  * To put it into simple terms it's an ESP walkie-talkie*
Before Tenchi could answer, he heard Ayeka's 'voice' .  * Tenchi! Are you
hurt Tenchi!?*  and then Ryoko-* Lay off Princess!  Tenchi my darling, they
didn't hurt you? If they did I'll* But before she could finish, Sasami's *
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH* Filled their heads.  * What's going on?!*
asked everyone except Tenchi. He quickly filled them in about Cuiferos's
plan.  Everyone silent until Tenchi's dad asked, * Kiyone,  I didn't know
you
had a brother.*  * I don't.* she replied, * He's not my real brother, we
were
friends when we were really young and we grew up together.  I told him that
I
wanted to become a Galaxy Policeman and he tried to get  me to join his gang
instead.  He said they were going to create a power that could destroy
everything, so they could become rulers of the universe.  Of course I didn't
believe him, but when he started killing people who had even the slightest
bit of power I turned him in.Of course that helped me on my way to becoming
a
Galaxy Policeman.  I didn't think I'd ever have to see him again.*  Another
of Sasami's cry quickly started them to making a plan.  * Okay, I'll use my
traveler size transporter and get the sword, but it will be in here with me,
not Tenchi,  Ryoko you blast yourself out and then blast Tenchi out.  Ayeka
will have to blast herself out too, so that she can get the others out.
Then
Ayeka, try to distract them and keep them from continuing. Ryoko will cover
you. * Right!* they both answered.  Washuu continued, *Once Mihoshi and
Kiyone are free, Mihoshi you blast my container with your blaster- wait,
better make that Kiyone's job,  I'll get the sword to Tenchi while your
father and Yosho work on getting Sasami free,   you two be careful, I'm not
certain but I'm pretty sure that they must have hooked something onto
Sasami's container, even if you can't see it, and it may hurt her if you
open
it up.  Ok everyone! Let's go!*  * But what about me?!*  Mihoshi asked, but
no one heard her.
Ryoko burst the 'bubble' and Cuifero and Yakolta turned and angerly ran
after
her.  Quickly she aimed and blasted Tenchi free, the restraints going with
the container.  He fell heavily to the ground.  Meanwhile Ayeka had freed
herself and everyone else.  Quickly she rushed over to distract Cuifero and
Yakolta with Ryoko.  Ayeka was just throwing one of her laser beams at
Yakolta when Cuifero rushed at her from behind with his glowing red sword.
Before he could hit her though, Ryoko came at him from the side and knocked
him away with a very strong punch.  Then Ayeka yelled, " Look out!" and put
up her shield just in time to deflect the sword that Cuifero threw back at
her.  They went over to the huge machine they had been working at and began
to destroy it.
Tenchi rushed over to Washuu who threw the sword to Tenchi.  He raced to
Cuifero but Yakolta got to him first and pulled out a dark blue sword.  They
began fighting fiercly.
    Nobuyuki and Yosho rushed toward Sasami's container and tried to get it
open without much luck.
Kiyone rushed to Cuifero and tried to hit him. " What? You're not happy to
see me after all these years Kiyone?"           " You are not my brother!
And I regret ever calling you that, no matter how close we once were!" She
replied angerly.She  kept firing at him, but it was almost like he was
dodging the blasts. Mihoshi was looking around sort of lost, wondering what
she should do.  So Washuu quickly ran over to her and took her over by one
of
the exploded containers  where they crouched and watched what was happening.
    Tenchi was dodging Yakolta's blows and trying to   strike back at him,
doing his best to remember what his grandfather had taught him about sword
fighting.  He crouched and thenstruck up, but Yakolta turned and hit Tenchi
on the back, luckily Tenchi had been expecting this and was able to dodge
it.
 Then he jumped in the air and hit Yakolta on the head.  Yakolta slumped to
the floor, knocked unconsious.  Tenchi was gasping for breath when he heard,
" T-Tenchi!"  He looked over and saw that Kiyone was standing still, and a
few feet away was Cuifero with her blaster aimed at her, he somehow had
managed to wrestle it from her.  There was a short scream from Mihoshi, who
was running towards Kiyone.  Before anyone had anytime to do anything, there
was a BANG! and Mihoshi slumped to the ground.  " Idiot!" shouted Cuifero,
but before he could do anything else, he fell on the ground.    Everyone
gasped and looked as Alako stood up, a strange looking blaster in his hand.
" Sorry." he muttered and fell down again.  Quickly everyone rushed to
Mihoshi's side.  " Mihoshi!" Kiyone was crying.  But then Mihoshi opened her
eyes. " Ouch!" she said.  The blast had only scraped her skin a little on
her
arm.  She started bawling at the sight of a few drops of blood.  " You
idiot." Kiyone whispered, but she was smiling.  Everyone was starting to
feel
relieved, in fact, Ayeka and Ryoko slowly turned to each other.  " Er- that
is- I just wanted to-to thank you for saving my life Miss Ryoko." Ayeka said
timidly.  " Yeah,uh, thank you too Ayeka." for a moment they looked at each
other, but then- " But Tenchi is still MINE!" They both yelled and turned
their backs to each other, only to face each other again and glare at each
other.
    " Hey, wait a minute, where's Sasami?" Washuu asked.  They all stopped
and looked at Nobuyuki and Yosho.  " I am sorry, we could not get her out."
Yosho replied. " No Problem!" Ryoko answered and quickly blasted the
container holding Sasami to bits.  But instead of looking around, Sasami
just
collapsed onto the ground.  "Sasami!" They all cried.  First to reack her
was
Tenchi and Ryoko. " Sasami!  What's wrong!?" Tenchi asked, holding Sasami in
his arms.  Washuu reached them, "Hold on a second." she said.  She took out
a
high-tech looking gadget that had a needle and pricked Sasami with it.  "
Hey! What did you do that for?" Ayeka demanded as she rushed over and
kneeled
beside Sasami.  " I'm trying to figure out what's wrong with her." They
waited in silence as Washuu studied the results.  " Well, the good news is
that Tsunami's inside of her, otherwise she'd be dead right now.  Instead,
she's in some sort of coma, we'll have to get her back to the lab."   Washuu
had them all go through the transporter, and Tenchi, carrying Sasami,
followed Washuu to her lab.  " Will she be alright?"  Washuu grinned.  "
Just
call me 'Dr. Washuu!' " she answered.  " Hmm, it's worse then I thought, the
going in and out of Sasami by Tsunami really damaged her, it could take
months for her to heal."  " Please, don't worry."  Tenchi and Washuu turned
to see Tsunami standing next to them.  " Sasami will be fine, I'm healing
her
as we speak."  They nodded, and, sure enough, Sasami was up in a week.  It
took her awhile to heal, but she was fine.
        That sure was some adventure we had, Tenchi thought, but I'm sure
glad it's over!

******************************************************************************
        " Things went exactly according to our plans, didn't they Master?"
Yakolta asked Cuifero.  Alako was bandaging his wound.  " Yes, they did."
Cuifero answered, smiling.

                THE   END!

Well, I hope you enjoyed it!! That's all folks!
