Disclaimer : these characters are property of Aic and pioneer.I'm not
looking
for any kind of trouble. Besides, I couldn't pay the people because I'm flat
out broke(well actually my sis' took most of it, ok just enough to be a
little broke or so.)
                        Well here's my first fanfic I hope you like it.
(Except.......):
                                by, Eve                     Part One:
                            Don't stop loving me

                                                It was a bright and glories
Spring day.It was Ryoko's favorite seasons (except for summer)because Tenchi
would be home for weeks unend. This year was different,though. Ryoko sat
still, enjoying her favorite activity that she did every Spring morning
until
late afternoon, except for watching 'her beloved ' Tenchi sleep. She watched
from the old school, that she had previously burnt down after Tenchi had
rescued her from her 700 years of inprisoment ,the newly found couples under
trees; laughing or kissing.                                 Ryoko  then
spotted a young boy about 17 years old that resembled  'her' Tenchi,
excepect
his nose was a little bigger,under the biggest tree with a girl that well
resembled Ayeka except  this girls hair ran wild down her back. That's when
Ryoko saw it, there was a small pouch in the girls hand that was opened.
Inside was a crystal ring. Then the boy started to say something that she
could barley hear:"Konlie will you marry me?" The boy sat with eyes that
pleaded.                            " You know my answer" Konlie blushed.
        "I may know but, I want to hear you say it." The frail boy
whispered.
                            " Oh, Carrot you always know what I
want......Yes
I will." Came her soft voice.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                    Meanwhile at the boring Misaki residence(yaaaaaaannnnnn)
Tenchi was in still rolling in his bed thinking of his sutiors, *Ryoko* and
Ayeka.                              'Which one would be the best bride. I
can't beleive I have to choose so soon. I hate Yosho and Nobuki, if only
there was some way to choose with out hurting the other.'
            "Hmmmmmmmmmm." He groaned, " I got it I'll choose the one whose
life will make me happy," he thought out loud.

                ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~           Back
at the school almost every couple had left but, still the couple that had
given their lives to each other were in a deep passionet kiss.
Ryoko's heart began to sink 'I wish that Tenchi would choose me but, maybe
that's just fanticy that I made up during my time on the roof.' Ryoko
thought
with tension. 'Yeah tha...ats it. Tenchi would never cho...ose se se a
mon....mon..st..er li..ke me.' she thought to herself as tears filled her
eyes and she began to weep.                                     '
Tenchi........' she  screamed out in her head.

        ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~            Back at the
stupid, boring *yaaaarrnnnnnnnnn* Misaki Residence (*yannnnnn*)
                    " Ryoko: Hmmmmmmm she beatiful. No wait change that shes
drop dead gorgise, smart, frail when she thinks no ones there. Ryoko was
abused by her *dad* and forced to kill. My life with her would be exciting.
Also she was imprisoned by Yosho 700 years ago and would watch me grow un
till now. If I chose her we'd be happy for the rest of our lives.
                            " Ayeka: My life with her would be boring and
homesick. She wants me to live with her at Jurai as emporor. Shes kind of
cute. Underneath shes worse then Kagoto. Once she almost killed Ryoko and I
don't think she sorry for that.                                     " I
don't
think I know yet." He thought out loud.
    "Lord Tenchi?" Came a weak, females voice.          "Yes miss.Ayeka?"
Tenchi yelled.                      "Dinners ready" Ayeka yelled in a soft
voice.                                              " I'll be down in a
moment. Ok?"                    " Ok."


                     ~~~~~~~ Down at dinner~~~~~~~                It was
silent at the dinner table ( as always)untill Yosho tries to start a
conversation.                   " So Tenchi did you decide on the girl of
your dreams, yet?"                                          " No i'm still
deciding on her." Tenchi replied.
" Yes Lord Tenchi must take his time before living his life with me......
Errrrrrr........ The one he loves." Ayeka said in a know-it-all voice.
        "Thanks Miss. Ayeka, I think." Tenchi said.         " What do you
mean 'I think'" Ayeka screamed. (yannnnn when didn't she yell.)
        " Has anyone seen Ryoko shes been gone since breakfast." Tenchi said
trying to change the subject.       " Haven't seen her" everyone says.





~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                    Back at the school everyone  had left and darkness had
crept over the horizen.Ryoko still sat there on the roof unnoticed by a
soul.
Her heart was still deep wit in the ocean of her soul.She was in the uniform
that she had on when she had burnt down the school.             'Who said
life was fair maybe Tenchi had already confessed his love to Ayeka. Tenchi i
guess i'll leave, you don't want a demon in your house.' Ryoko thought to
herself getting up from her perch.' Tenchi I'll leave but, if you've ever
loved me, Don't stop lovig me,' and with that thought she teleported to the
house.


****************************************************
                        In the house everyone was just where Ryoko had left
them.                                           " Everyone I need to talk to
you" Ryoko said. E veryone turned to Ryoko who was walking to an empty seat
across the room from Tenchi.                                " What is it?"
everybody asked.                    "  I know this will be easy for you to
understand or get over, because I'm not important as Ayeka," she looked over
at her old arival and smiled," Miss Ayeka your my friend now, I know you
never thought I'd say this but............But you've won. You've beaten me
to
Tenchi's heart. You've won the wars  that I never would have one. The thing
is you guy, all of you were my family. Yeah ou were no matter what I did
wrong you guys were always there to help me, good or bad," she said with
tears flowing wild.                                     " So what are you
trying to say, Miss Demon." Ayeka said in a sarcastic tone.
    " I was getting there," Ryoko said in a kind voice. " The real reason is
that I'm leaving," this brought silence to the room and tension. "And Tenchi
I know your true feelings towards Ayeka, and if you ever lved me, Don't stop
loving me." With that said Ryoko ran from the room crying and the lat thing
you hear is th door slam.                                           " Is it
true?" Ayeka asked.

***********************************************

                                                    I love cliffhangers! if
you have any q's, flames, or comments please send to me. If you want me to
start the next one then send comments......

                                I hate her

alot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

                                Send to:
                                        My sunshine mar
