Disclaimer : these characters are property of Aic and pioneer.I'm not looking
for any kind of trouble. Besides, I couldn't pay the people because I'm flat
out broke(well actually my sis' took most of it, ok just enough to be a
little broke or so.) Well here's my second fanfic I hope you like it.
(Except.......):

By Eve

            Part 2 of Don't stop loving me

        "So," asked a very unpatient girl. It was Ayeka (we all knew that.)
        "What?" asked a very confused Tenchi.
        "Do you love me?"
        "Sasami can you wrap up a plate I'm going to my room."
        "O.k."Said a depressed Sasami.

        As Tenchi went towards the stairs  Ayeka again broke the silence.
    "Sasami I'll give Lord Tenchi his dinner, wrap up mine too."
        "O.k." Sasami said as if that was the only word she knew and
everyone
had grown tired of it.

        Sasami finished wrapping the china ,piled them , and handed it all
to
Ayeka and she desended to the stairs.She walked to the end of the hall.

***************************************************************
        In Tenchi's room
        " Have I chosen Ayeka or did Ryoko just say that because she was
leaving, Oh i'm so confused," Tenchi thought out loud. Then he heard a knock
on the door."Who is it?"Asked Tenchi.
        "It's me, hunny, can I come in."
        "It's open Ayeka!"
                                                    The door crept open and
Ayeka walked into the room.She closed the door and sat down next to Tenchi.
"Tenchi, tell me you love me!"
        "Ayeka, I can't tell you that.I have not decided, yet.I don't know
why Ryoko said that maybe because she was going but I don't love anyone more
than anyone right now."
        "I don't care ,Ryoko left and I"m still here ,so you have take
me ,and if I were you I wouldn't let that DEMON back here at all! Hmm! "
Ayeka screamed so loud that everyone downstairs watching their meals could
hear. "Here's you're dinner hunny,we'll talk in the morning."Ayeka said as
she pretended nothing happened.
        "Ayeka before you leave can you do me a favor?"
        " Yes hunny?"Ayeka asked hoping it was a kiss.(I'll let him kiss her
in a million years, yeah right!)
        " Can you stop calling me hunny?"And Ayeka walked out of the room
without an answerer.
***************************************************************
Somewhere in space  =:) =:I =:(

        Beautiful soft singing could be heard between sobs in the
Ryo-ohki.And as if an angel were singing and saw that someone was watching
it
stop.All that was heard now were cries of pain and sorrow.
        " Oh Ryo-ohki lets get far a way from earth," said Ryoko loooking
back at the huge globe. As if she were bad at saying good-bye she turned,
quickly.She wiped her tears and said, " Its time to bring back the 0ld
Ryoko."
        "meow meow meow meow, meow meow meow meow
meowwwwwwwwwwwwwww??????!!!!!!!!!!!"meowed Ryo-ohki at Ryoko who sitting
back
down in an attidude way.
        " Of course I won't miss Tenchi,or that snotty princess."Then she
closed her eyes as a picture of Tenchi as a kid growing up flashed in her
memory, and for a second she forgot that Ryo-ohki could see what she
imagines.The picture vanished and when she opened her eye's a full screen of
Ryo-ohki appeared.
        " meow meow meowwwwwww meow meow meow meow."
        " No, I'm Ryoko the most feared space prirate alive I don't need
anyone and  no one needs me! Beside he's got Ayeka,their in love. I've known
that since the day she came."
        ' You still love Tenchi don't you.And how do you say that you don't.
You've been cying since we've left.' Ryo-ohki said in Ryoko's head( she used
the mind connection. In case u don't know.)
        " Huh, I refuse to beleive a thing you say. I despice Tenchi.I also
refuse to become' a timid little maiden' I bet their all celebratin.
Yaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwnnnnn( yyyaaaaawwwwnnnnnn) I'm tired ( so am I, I'm
turning
in.)"

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-----------------
        Back at the masaki recidence( good night=:l, zzzzzzz)

        "Well I can't walk around the house without make-up
now.Hmhumhmmmm"Said Ayeka in a cheerful smile.
        "Why?" asked Sasami even though Ayeka(The pig headed snott) was
talking to herself.
        "Because I don't want to look tired in the morning for my
Tenchi!"Ayeka again screamed like shes been doing the whole fan fic.
        " Good night, Ayeka," Screamed Kiyone's voice from the next room
over
from the room that had once belonged to Ryoko=:(.

In  Kiyone's room and Mioshi's````````````````

        "Mioshi, do you miss Ryoko?"Asked Kiyone.
        "Yeah, I wish we could... Who are we talking about,again?" Asked
Mioshi.
        "Ryoko," responded Kiyone in a spaced out voice.And she was really
depressed because she didn't even swing at Mioshi. (Oh no what is the world
coming to without Ryoko?)
        " Oh yeah I wish we could do something. Maybe even go look for her."
Mioshi, actually, thought looking at a book of Christmas pics.( the one they
showed to miyuka.)
        Kiyone snapped her fingers and squealed in delight as she grabbed
Mioshi's hand and fled out of her room and down the hall to the closet.She
flung the door opened and screamed out:" Little Washu where are you?"
        "Kiyone, is that you, I'm over here in sector 5,What is it?"
Washu(Little washu, theres a ray gun at my head!) said in her sad voice (
That I made up because I don't know if she has a sad voice.)
        "We need to ask you a favor."
        "What kind of a favor?"
        "Can we burrow a ship from you? Please?"
        "Which kind?"
        "Space?"
        "Why of course, why?"
        "We want to find Ryoko!"
        "We do?" Asked the bubble head Mioshi.
        " Yes! Can we Little Washu?"
        "Of course, no more questions." (Little)Washu pressed a red button
on
a key pannel and the earth began to shake. Everyone in Masaki house that was
sleeping woke up.
        " Where is it?"Asked a stiff Mioshi.
        "It's outside over the river."
        " Thank you, Little Washu"
        "Well if its for my daughter."
        " See ya later," and with that she ran out of the lab with Mioshi 2
Ft away.
        Mioshi sat down at the pannels once they got in.
        "Oh no you don't.Your not gonna screw up this mission."And Kiyone
bumped Mioshi out of the chair and Mioshi began to cry.
        "Here we go, again."Kiyone sighed sadley.
        Mioshi stopped crying and now looked at Kiyone and asked, "Why are
you so sad Kiyone?"
        "Nothing, its just that something always happens and Ryoko is always
the problem."
        "But your one of Ryoko's friends, aren't you?"
        "It's not that, its, Ryoko always does something that affects us in
a
bad way."
        "Not always, if it weren't for Ryoko none of us would be here."(Wow
I
made her smart.)Said the bubble head.
        "What do you mean?"
        "Well if Ryoko was never released and if she'd never stayed with
Tenchi then Ayeka would never of come looking for her,neither would you or I
come. Washu would still be on Kagoto's ship.And of course neither would
Sasami who came with Ayeka."Explained,(You never would guess.)
Mioshi.
        Kiyone looked backed at her ignorate (But the tinest smart because I
made her that way in this fic, a little) partner and smiled."Your right,for
once."
        'Beep beeeeeppp beep' went the machine.
        "Bingo."Said Kiyone.
        "Was his name'o!"Sung Mioshi(So much for smarts=( )
        "We've located Ryoko."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                In the Ryo-ohki

        "I'm tired I'm going to Tenchi's room.......I mean my room."Said
Ryoko.
        "Meow meow meow meow meow meow!" meowed Ryo-ohki
        "Again, I don't miss TENCHI!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"screamed Ryoko
with her head down. She sounded as if she were crying.
        " meow meow meow?" Asked Ryo-ohki.
        "No I'm not crying!" Ryoko said as she wiped her eyes.
        As soon as she diiid stop crying(Did is not spelled wrong.) a big
Kiyone appeared on the screen taking away Ryo-ohki.(Sorry Ryo-ohki fans that
are reading, its the only way to get Kiyone on.)
        "Ryoko, your coming back with me and Mioshi."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
        Does not happen:
        "Oh what does this button dooooo."Mioshi fell out a door that
suddenly opened.
        "Well your coming back with me."Said Kiyone with a sweat drop on her
head and had her eyes closed with sarcasium(You know that look!)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                Reality:
        "Why should I?"Asked and angry Ryoko.
        "We all miss you."Said Kiyone.
        "Maybe you TWO miss me but not the others."
        "Sasami is really depressed that she was cleaning when we
left.(Sorry
about the to much info stuff But I'm sorry I didn't mention that.Sorry
'Heehheheh' now I sound like Kevin from my school 'Oh god NOOOOOOOO!!!)
        "What about Tenchi and Ayeka?"Asked Ryoko quietly.
        "Ayeka's happy..."
        "See I told you! Tenchi does love Ayeka and theres no room for me
there."She said in denial making an excuse to get out."A kid of theirs will
take my place."
        "AND Tenchi is shocked we left while he was sleeping, though, he
didn't even eat dinner."
        "With Ayeka near him."
        Kiyone shook her head and held back tears of anger."Ryoko, Ayeka
hasn't been in his room. Well she was there for a second,but only because
she
wanted to talk to Tenchi but she left once she got in. I don't think he
loves
her.Besides Ryoko everyone wants you back."
        "Sasami only wants Ryo-ohki, even though she is very kind and like a
sister to me and it doesn't sound like her, she just doesn't want me back,
and as so far as Wahu goes she just wants her creation back!"Ryoko tried to
make herself believe what she was saying.
        "Thats not true Ryoko we all love you,as a friend and sister and
family, your what makes us special with out any of us theres nobody but a
bunch of drones."(Washu fans cheer:Yay)said Washu as her picture appeared on
the screen.
        "Washu.."Ryoko hesitated."Did you hear what I said."
        "Yes.Ryoko we all want you back! And I'm your mother not Washu."
        "I'm not coming back!"Screamed Ryoko.
        "Please I'll give you a cookie!"Pleaded Mioshi( dumb da dumb da dumb
dumb dumb.)
        "Huh?" asked everyone.
        "Well anyway,please come back?"Asked Kiyone.
        "Give me one good reason, why!"
        "We've all given you an explanation,Ryoko why do you have to be so
thick?! Come back or I will haunt you to your grave and back! Please come
home?"Yelled Washu. (If she brings her back I'll be a Washu fan for the rest
of my life instead of just untill I forget,O wait I'm the writter,
sorry,Whoops!)
        "What is home?"Asked Ryoko.
        'Home is where loved ones are. we all love you Ryoko, my sister,(I
don't really come in quotes but you all know Ryo- ohki and Ryoko are
sisters,
right!) and I don't care if you say no, I'm going back.'(well you all know
who it is.)Said Ryo-ohki using the mind connection.
        "Your coming back, I'm not gonna loose another child!"Washu
screamed.
        Ryoko remember what Washu had said that day Tenchi's baby cousin
came
to stay a while.Washu had lost a child that was taken away from her. She had
also lost her husband that sameday. It had made Ryoko sad that day
(Little)Washu had told them.
        "Little Washu maybe you can talk some sence into Ryoko.She seems to
be in denial!"Screamed Kiyone at Ryoko.
        'Ryoko,listen to us, were your family, your friends.Without any of
us
there would be nobody, none of us! We need you as much as you need us!Don't
denie it!' Screamed Washu in Ryoko's head.'If you won't go home for
me,Mioshi,Kiyone,Ryo-ohki,or Sasami, then go home for Tenchi.'
        'Fine, I'll go home for all of you, except Tenchi and Ayeka.But I
won't be the same.Believe me!I won't be soft anymore.' Said Ryoko in Washu's
mind as she cut off the connection.'
        As soon as Ryoko did cut off the connection washu thought in her
head
'Thats my girl!'
        "So!" Asked an inticapated Kiyone as she watched the face fighting
going on.
        "Ryoko's coming back!"Smiled Washu and her face on the computer
screen gleamed with pride.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                Again at the Masaki(boring) house(boring!!!!!!!!!!)
        "I can't sleep gese!" Screamed Tenchi. He had been up all night. He
felt that something was missing.Something that might never come back."AAgh!I
might as well get something to eat!"
        Tenchi then remembered the food that Ayeka had brought in
here.(Don't
worry he just thought of the food not Ayeka,Yuck,who would!'Tenchi don't
touch the food it might have Ayeka germs on it!')
Tenchi grabbed the plate on the burrow and unwrapped the cherry blossom
cloth.For a second Tenchi forgot about Ryoko(No he didn't
'NNNoooooooo!!!!!')
and as a bit of light shinned on the galant cloth Tenchi remembered
something.It had been in his mind a long time.But he had forgotten some how.
        He saw Ryoko sitting in the branches of Funaho and smiling. A few
cherry blossoms flew by in the wind. Ryoko caught them and started to weave
them together.She kept grabbing the blossoms as they came by.She made a
necklace.The whole time Tenchi watched, Ryoko had no idea he was there.He
never knew what she did to the necklace, though.
        After a few minutes Tenchi came back from his dream world and ate
slowly.
***************IN THE MORNING*******************************

        Tenchi woke up to the gentle sound of quietness.He had fallen a
sleep
but an hour ago. The food had helped a little but something hurt still!He
was
hoping that last night was a dream! And Ryoko would still be here.But when
he
looked up t the ceiling he saw that he was alone in his room.
        He then saw that he had fallen a sleep in his regular clothes and
that it was Spring vacation and no work at the shrine he did not change.
        Tenchi walked down stairs to see that only Washu,Ayeka,(I wish she'd
die already!!!!!!!! She's nothing to my story!!!!!!!!!) Sasami,Yosho,  and
Nobyuki were sitting at the table.
        "Where's Kiyone and Mioshi?Don't tell me they ran off too."
        "They... Had some aaronds to run. They'll be back in an hour or
so..." (Little) Washu said tring not to let Tenchi know Ryoko was coming
back.
        When breakfast was finished, it was very quiet, the quiet that makes
you feel guilty.Ayeka had tried to hug Tenchi but Tenchi had told her to
stop, and luckily she did.(I feel sorry for Tenchi!)About two hrs later an
earth shattering crash was heard and louder than that was a scream from
Kiyone:
        "Mioshi!!! I don't know why I let you take the controlls!!! What was
wrong with me!!!"
        And usually after every scream there was: "I'm sorry Kiyone."
        "There back!!" Said (Little)Washu in an happy voice leaning on the
back of the coach.Sasami turned to (little) Washu to see what she was so
happy about when she saw that (little) Washu was in her adult form. She had
lots of make up on like she always did in this form of hers. But what
surprised Sasami was that Washu was even more happy then she ever had been!(
hmm I wonder why!' Hmm hm hummm.')
        "Washu what are you so happy about its only Kiyone and Mioshi." Said
(The ugliest thing in the world.) Ayeka.
        As soon as she said that Mioshi and Kiyone both walked in. Behind
them was what seemed to be a pheasent.

````````````````````````````````````In the yoagami hours ago~~~~~
        "Hey Ryoko, why don't you surprise everyone?" Asked Mioshi in her
childish vioce.
        "What are you saying?"asked Ryoko(Thats what I'd like to know!)After
Ryoko had decided to go back home Kiyone beamed her and Ryo-ohki aboard
their
ship.
        "You know! Like discise yourself so that when everyone asks who you
are you can show them your Ryoko!" Said the nut case.
        "Well.. ok I guess."
        "Hmm.. Ahh yes. Put this on a round you."Said Mioshi as she gave
Ryoko a patched up gray blanket.Ryoko did as she said and then Ryo-ohki
jumped on her shoulder under the blanket.She then covered her face and
looked
just like pheasent.
```````````````````````````````````Back to the
preasent```````````````````````````````````

        " Who is this you picked up?"Asked Sasami asked in a sweet but still
sad tone. "please show us your face?"
        Slowly the girl lowered her hood to reveal that she was not just
anyone(of course she wasn't!) that she was Ryoko.
        Everyone in the room but Ryoko, (little) Washu, Kiyone and Mioshi
and
Ryo-ohki all gasped.
        Sasami ran over and hugged Ryoko as ( No not her!!!!) Ayeka walked
over and yelled( 'Not again!!'):
        "Get out of this house this instant!! I do not permitt you to be
here!!!!!!!!GET OUT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
        "Ayeka! This is not your house!This is mine my farthers and my
grandfarthers.You have no right to tell anyone to leave this house!"Tenchi
screamed at Ayeka.(Go Tenchi, go Tenchi, You've grown a brain!)
        "B... But hunny."
        "Ayeka I told you not to call me that!"
        "Tenchi, she's right I have no nright to be here I'll leave!" Ryoko
said. As soon as she said that Tenchi saw a tear trickle down her face.And
the look that she gave was tearing up his heart.
        Ryoko was about to teleport away when Tenchi grabbed her arm.
        "Ryoko, Don't go."
        "Why not?" She asked solemley now looking into his eyes. That was
the
end. Tenchi's heart was finally riped in two. He knew what he had to do
know.
He didn't want to right now.But he had to. But then he whispered in Ryoko's
ear:
        "Teleport us to Funaho."And with that she did.
        Moments later they were both standing in one Funaho's branches.
        "Why?" Ryoko asked again.Tenchi was looking into to her confused
eyes.
        Tenchi shook his head and said: "I don't remember when it was. Maybe
last year buit I was walking down the path.You were sitting on this branch.
A
few cherry bloosoms flew by and you caught them. you made a beautiful
necklace and put it on."He told her.
        "So.. That was  3 years ago. The first spring that you let me out of
the cave."
        "What happened to it?"Tenchi asked.
        "Before Miyuka died, I apoligized for being so cruel to her..."Ryoko
began to cry (I feel so sorry for her.) She continued,"I then gave her the
necklace, Wa... My mom has it, now. Shes gonna give it to Miyuka when she is
reborn."Now Ryoko is really crying and she sits down as Tenchi follows.
        "Why are you crying?"
        "I hurt Miyuka. I was mean to her! I called her a demon! She not a
demon I ammmmmmm!!!!!!I'MMMM THE DEMON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
Ryoko was histerical now.
        "Your not a demon Ryoko.Your not!"Tenchi said reasuring her.
        "How would you know? You never knew me. You'll never know me.You'll
never love me!!!!"
        Now Tenhi was sure. He didn't care about anything now.Tenchi grabbed
Ryoko and kissed very deeply. Her tears ran into his mouth. He never cared
for anyone more right now.About 5 minutes later Ryoko broke the kiss.
        "What was that for?"
        "Ryoko?"
        "Yes Tenchi?"
        "I love you."
        "Really?" Asked Ryoko.
        "I do."
        Ryoko teleported them to the ground and they walked back to the
house
hand in hand.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
So.... How'd you like it. E-mail your comments, Questions, and Flames!
    I know this wasn't the best fic but I hope you enjoyed it!!!!!!!!
    And incase you were wonder'in I'm a Ryoko and Tenchi fan only!I'm a fan
of Sasami's and Little Washu's and Kiyone's but I like Tenchi and Ryoko
together.
