[Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are the
property of AIC and Pioneer LDC, Inc. and was created by
Masaki Kajishima.  This story comes entirely from my
imagination, and is strictly intended to be apocryphal--so
please don't sue me.]

1    EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     The house, tilting upward to a night sky.  Clouds drift
past a full moon.

2    INT. MAIN HALL

     A younger-looking Tenchi is picking at his food,
sitting across from Sasami.  Sasami is asleep, her head
resting on her arms on the table.  Sitting on either side of
Sasami are Washu and Ayeka.  Washu is wearing a large,
strange hat.  Ayeka is thoughtfully cross-eyed.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Have some sake, Lord Tenchi.

     CU. TENCHI

     Quickly scans the table.

          TENCHI:  I don't see any sake.

     MAIN HALL (table)

          AYEKA:  (matter-of-factly)  There isn't any.

          TENCHI:  (angrily)  Then it wasn't very nice of
you to offer any.

     CU. WASHU

     Takes out a large pocket watch and shakes it next to
her ear.

          WASHU:  What day of the month is it?

     CU. TENCHI

     He looks around in confusion and turns to his food.
Noodles from his dish leap upwards towards his face.  They
wrap around his head and yank him downward.

3    ABSTRACT

     Zoom out of a white void into a long spiraling line of
birds.  The void resolves into snow which melts into a black
mess.

4    INT. KITCHEN, CU. TENCHI

     Wipes noodles off his face.

     KITCHEN

     Tenchi stands in the kitchen.  He is standing over some
noodles and a discarded dish.  He looks around, and standing
on the central counter is a tiny Ryoko.  The tiny Ryoko
doesn't move.  Tenchi approaches to look at it.

     CU. TINY RYOKO

     It's eyes are closed, and it grins very widely.  Fangs
appear from its mouth.  Its arms are folded, and very long
claws are extended from its fingers.

     CU. TENCHI

     Reels in a sudden fright.

5    INT. TENCHI'S BEDROOM

     EXTREME CU. TWO SCARY, BLACK, SNAKE-LIKE EYES

     BEDROOM

     Tenchi is lying in bed.  Ryoko is floating above him,
her face nearly making contact with his.

     CU. TENCHI

     Scuttles backwards, gasping loudly.

     CU. RYOKO

     Her eyes slowly return to normal.  Her slight smile
turns to a grin.

          RYOKO:  (softly)  Wow, wow, wow!

     BEDROOM

     Tenchi manages to calm a little.

          TENCHI:  (angry)  Ryoko!  What are you doing?

          RYOKO:  This is so cool, Tenchi.  Go back to
sleep.  I want to do that again.

          TENCHI:  What?  What are you talking about?

          RYOKO:  The dream, Tenchi.  It was so real.
Please, go back to sleep.

     CU. TENCHI

     Still trying to settle himself for a few beats.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (considering)  You know, Washu never told
me I could do this.  Just think of the possibilities...

     BEDROOM

          TENCHI:  You made that dream appear in my mind
somehow?

          RYOKO:  (wryly amused)  Come on, Tenchi.  Let me
do it, again.

          TENCHI:  No.  Go away.  You aren't supposed to
make people dream things.

          RYOKO:  Why not?

          TENCHI:  (a little flustered)  Dreams aren't
supposed to be made, they just happen.  Anyway, it's rude.
Just leave me alone.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (petulant)  All right, fine.  Go back to
normal noise.  You don't know what you're missing.

     Ryoko vanishes.

6    ABSTRACT

     A bolt of lightning hits Tenchi in the chest, slicing
him neatly in half.  The upper half floats upward as the
lower half gently falls.  He looks around, curiously.  He
smiles, inexplicably, and his eyes glaze over, mirror-like.

7    EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     The house framed nicely in morning light.  A slight
rain comes down and starts to slack.

8    INT. LIBRARY

     Ryoko sits with her back to a shelf, a book in her lap.

     CU. RYOKO

     Turns a page.  Still reading, she takes a bite out of a
half-eaten apple.  She chuckles to herself briefly and then
takes a small cup in her other hand.  She tilts it back,
then looks up.

          RYOKO:  Shoot.

     LIBRARY

     She turns aside.  Another Ryoko is there, sitting next
to her, and hands her a bottle.

          RYOKO (reading):  Oh, thanks.

          RYOKO (the other one):  You're welcome.

     CU. RYOKO (reading)

     She pours some drink, brings the cup to her lips and
stops.  She looks aside, narrowing her eyes.

          RYOKO:  Hey!  Who are you?

     CU. RYOKO (the other one)

          RYOKO:  (snorting)  I'm you, of course.  Who else
would I be?

     LIBRARY

     Both Ryokos consider each other.  Ryoko A--the one
reading--scowls.  Ryoko B makes a half-smile.

          RYOKO A:  You're not me!

          RYOKO B:  Don't be silly.  Of course, I'm you.
It's obvious.

          RYOKO A:  Then why are we in two places at once?

          RYOKO B:  Huh?  When has that ever been a problem?

          RYOKO A:  (softly)  Washu!

9    TITLE:  "KNEE-DEEP IN HARMONY"

10   INT. ENTRANCE

     Tenchi enters, carrying a broom over his shoulder.  The
phone on the end table begins to ring.  He goes to answer
it.

          TENCHI:  (answering)  Masaki residence...  (a
couple beats)  Oh, yes sir!  (turning from the phone)  Hey,
Dad!  It's for you!

     A moment passes and Noboyuki enters.

          NOBOYUKI:  Who is it, Son?

          TENCHI:  It's Mr. Suzuki, Dad.  He wants to talk
to you.

          NOBOYUKI:  (smirking)  Not about schoolwork, eh?

     CU. TENCHI

     Still holding the phone.  He sighs.

          TENCHI:  I don't think so.

     CU. NOBOYUKI

     He takes the phone.

          NOBOYUKI:  Yes?  (a beat)  Oh, good morning...  (a
few more beats)  Huh?  Oh, I suppose so.  I'll ask him.

     ENTRANCE

     Noboyuki turns from the phone toward Tenchi.  Tenchi
looks a little nervous.

          NOBOYUKI:  Hey Tenchi...  You mind if Mr. Suzuki
lets Hiroshi stay over?  Something about an out-of-town
meeting.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (frowning briefly)  Uh...  No, I don't
mind.  It's okay.

          NOBOYUKI:  (OC)  Tenchi says it's okay.

     Tenchi scratches his head, absently, while a beat
passes.  He then sighs, deeply, leaning on the broom.

     CU. NOBOYUKI

          NOBOYUKI:  (smiling)  Well, that's very nice of
you, Mr. Suzuki.  I appreciate it.  (a beat)  You're
welcome.  Goodbye.

     He puts down the phone.

     ENTRANCE

     Mihoshi descends stairs, using a cane--a slight limp.

          MIHOSHI:  Who was that?

          NOBOYUKI:  (turning)  Oh, that was Tenchi's
teacher.  His son is staying over for the night.

          MIHOSHI:  Wow!  We'll sure be having a lot of
people around for dinner.  You sure I'm not in the way?

          NOBOYUKI:  Huh?  In the way?  What do you mean?

          MIHOSHI:  I really hate to impose...  I mean, with
all these other people.

     CU. NOBOYUKI

     He chuckles and looks around.

          NOBOYUKI:  Uh... Tenchi...

     CU. TENCHI

     Still leaning on his broom.  He looks from Mihoshi to
Noboyuki, a little confused.  He then looks down at the
broom.

          TENCHI:  Oh!  Right!

     ENTRANCE

     Tenchi takes the broom and hurries out.

          NOBOYUKI:  (turning again)  I wouldn't worry,
Mihoshi.  You're not imposing--

     Ayeka enters, looking very composed.

          NOBOYUKI:  Oh, hey Ayeka.  Good morning.

          AYEKA:  Good morning, honorable Father.  Good
morning, Mihoshi.

     CU. NOBOYUKI

          NOBOYUKI:  Hey, did you hear?  We're having a
guest tonight.

     CU. AYEKA

     She looks a little startled.

          AYEKA:  (softly)  What?

11   EXT. WASHU'S LABORATORY

     Washu is sitting at her console, typing.

     CU. WASHU

     Looking very calmly at her display.

          WASHU:  Anything goes wrong, it's always the mom,
huh Ryoko?

     LAB

     Ryoko A and B appear on either side of Washu.  Ryoko A
starts to scowl, as Ryoko B frowns, considerately.

          WASHU:  (while typing)  You lose your voice, you
come down with a cold, your heart gets broken--it's always
the mom you want to fix it and make it all go away.

     CU. WASHU

     Gets up from her seat.

          WASHU:  (a little imperious)  Never a thought for
dear old Mom when she wants something, though...

     LAB

     Ryoko A brandishes her fist, menacingly.

          RYOKO A:  Oh, just admit it.  You screwed up!

          WASHU:  What on Earth are you talking about,
Ryoko?  How did I screw up?

     CU. RYOKO A

          RYOKO A:  We've come apart!  You didn't assimilate
me with that robot properly!  We're separate personalities
again!

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (chuckling)  Ryoko, you have some
imagination!  How could you possibly become unassimilated?

     CU. RYOKO B

          RYOKO B:  (thoughtful)  Uh...  Ryoko, are you sure
about this?

     LAB

     Ryoko A darts a menacing look at Ryoko B.

          WASHU:  Do you even know how much energy
expenditure goes into an assimilation like that?  You think
you're smarter than the greatest genius scientist in the
universe?

          RYOKO A:  Well, just look at us.  It's obvious
we've come apart.

          WASHU:  (mournfully)  You don't know anything,
Ryoko.  (addressing A)  You've become dominant, (addressing
B) and you've become recessive.  It's much more primitive
than you realize.  You just associate dominant and recessive
with your old and new personas.

     Ryoko A folds her arms and turns away.

          RYOKO B:  (stiff)  So, what's the matter with me?

     CU. WASHU

     Looks back and forth between the two.

          WASHU:  You sure you can't just will yourself
together again?

     CU. RYOKO A

          RYOKO A:  (flaring anger)  Would we be here, if we
could do that?

     CU. WASHU

     Sighs deeply.  She slowly turns and sits at her console
again.

          WASHU:  I don't know, Ryoko.  This is very
serious.  I'll have to study this.

     LAB

          WASHU:  I never imagined that you would ever
suffer a personality fragmentation.  You have a very
healthy, robust mind, Ryoko.  You are my daughter, after
all.  This bothers me more than you realize.

     CU. RYOKO B

     Nervous.

     CU. RYOKO A

     Slowly turns and looks thoughtful.

          RYOKO A:  How can we help?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (subdued)  Just don't run off, Ryoko.
Stay close, okay.  We'll work this out.

12   EXT. PATH

     Early evening.  A path through a clearing.  The rain is
falling, lightly.

     Tenchi and Hiroshi walking up the path.  Tenchi is
holding an umbrella in one hand, a large sack in the other.
Hiroshi is sauntering along, wearing an opened slick-parka.
He has a portable radio and headphones.  He is also carrying
a small suitbag.  He takes a pack of cigarettes from his
pocket and puts one in his mouth.

          HIROSHI:  You mind?

     CU. TENCHI

     Absorbed in thought for a moment.  He then looks
around.

          TENCHI:  Huh?  Oh, no.  I don't mind.

     CU. HIROSHI

     Puts the pack back in his pocket and lights up.

          HIROSHI:  Damn weather.  It never lets up, huh?

     PATH

     Tenchi is trying not to frown.

          TENCHI:  Just don't smoke inside.  My dad is
pretty particular about that.

          HIROSHI:  Really?

          TENCHI:  Yeah.

          HIROSHI:  You have a television, right?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (smirking)  Yeah.

     CU. HIROSHI

     Letting out a long plume.

          HIROSHI:  Ping-pong?

     PATH

          TENCHI:  No.

          HIROSHI:  Video games?

          TENCHI:  Yes.

          HIROSHI:  Sake?

          TENCHI:  (considering)  We have a chessboard,
somewhere.

     CU. HIROSHI

     Lets out an annoyed shiver.

          HIROSHI:  Damn, man!  How the hell can you stand
it?  I'd die of freakin' boredom.

     CU. TENCHI

     Rolls his eyes.

          TENCHI:  (VO)  I suppose there are worse things
you could die of.  It's strange, how boredom can make the
most amazing things start to happen.  I never would have
guessed where all this was going.

     PATH

     Hiroshi flicks a cigarette butt.

          HIROSHI:  Soon as I get my stuff set out, I'm
going to go for a dip in that pond.

          TENCHI:  Don't you want to wait for the rain to
let up, first?

          HIROSHI:  Why should I wait for the rain to stop
before I go for a swim?

          TENCHI:  You ever heard of lightning?

     CU. HIROSHI

          HIROSHI:  (snorting)  I don't care about
lightning.  You need to learn to stop worrying so much.
Take it easy.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  I don't think you'll be bored, Hiroshi.
Don't worry about that.

     PATH

     Hiroshi stops walking, and Tenchi stops.  Tenchi looks
around.

          HIROSHI:  Why do you say that?

          TENCHI:  Just take my word for it.  Something
always happens.  You won't even notice the time.

     CU. HIROSHI

     He takes out the pack again, getting another cigarette.

          HIROSHI:  You better be right.  If you're not, I'm
out of here.  Take my word for it.

13   INT. ENTRANCE

     Tenchi enters, still shaking his folded umbrella.
Tenchi sets down his umbrella.  Hiroshi enters behind him,
taking off his parka.

          TENCHI:  Hey, anybody home?

14   INT. KITCHEN

     Tenchi and Hiroshi enter an empty room.  Tenchi sets
down the large sack.

          TENCHI:  Hey.  I brought in some groceries.
Hello?

     CU. HIROSHI

     He nods, somewhat impressed, in spite of himself.

15   INT. MAIN HALL

     Tenchi and Hiroshi enter another empty room.

          TENCHI:  Hello?

16   INT. WEST HALLWAY

     Tenchi and Hiroshi are walking into shot as Mihoshi
turns a corner and limps toward them.

          TENCHI:  Oh, hey Mihoshi.  Where is everybody?

          MIHOSHI:  Oh, hello Tenchi.  I don't know.  I
think Ayeka and Sasami are still in their room.  Oh!  Who is
this?

     CU. HIROSHI

     He coughs and then stands, considering.

     CU. TENCHI

     A little embarrassed.

          TENCHI:  Uh...  Mihoshi, this is Hiroshi.
Hiroshi, this is Mihoshi.

     HALLWAY

          MIHOSHI:  Hello.

          HIROSHI:  Hey.  Uh...  It's nice to meet you.
(frowning)  Does that hurt?

          MIHOSHI:  Huh?

          HIROSHI:  The injury.

          MIHOSHI:  What injury?

     CU. HIROSHI

     Gestures with his face.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     Grins with embarrassment.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh, this.  No, it doesn't hurt.  It's
just a little stiff.

     CU. HIROSHI

     Considers for a moment.

          HIROSHI:  So, are you a friend of the family?

     HALLWAY

          MIHOSHI:  Uh...  You could say that!  Yeah, I
suppose.

          TENCHI:  (gesturing)  You want to put that stuff
away, Hiroshi?

          HIROSHI:  Yeah.  (softly)  And wake me up when
this starts to get exciting.

17   INT. AYEKA'S ROOM

     Ayeka and Sasami sit next to each other.  Sasami is
reading.

          AYEKA:  (musing)  Hmm...  The games were chariot
races of colored teams.  That's so similar to Jurai
tournaments.  You remember the ancient warrior's contests?

          SASAMI:  (looking up)  Hey, is it nighttime
already?

18   INT. LIBRARY

     Ryoko A and B are sitting next to each other, staring
into space.

19   INT. MASAKI SHRINE

     Yosho kneels.  He appears to be frozen, a look of quiet
serenity on his face.

20   EXT. WASHU'S LABORATORY

     Sits at her console, staring at the display, slowly
shaking her head.

          WASHU:  What a mess!  How did this happen?  It
just doesn't make any sense!

21   INT. MAIN HALL

     Show window--the rain splats down monotonously.  Just
for flavor, a bit of breeze makes a soft sigh against the
walls.  Pull back to a shot of the main hall, facing Tenchi.
Tenchi is sitting across from Hiroshi.

     Mihoshi enters and brings in a platter of cups.  She
places them on the table and slowly sits next to Tenchi.

          MIHOSHI:  You know, it's so nice to have some more
company, for a change.

     CU. HIROSHI

     His eyes turn upward and he drops his head, bored to a
point of extreme.

     CU. TENCHI

     Sits back comfortably, sipping some of his drink.  He
stretches a bit.

          TENCHI:  Boy, is it quiet tonight.  I could really
get used to this.

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Ryoko A appears.  She floats over behind Hiroshi.  She
frowns a bit and then hits herself.

          RYOKO A:  Oh!  You must be one of Tenchi's
friends.

     CU. HIROSHI

     Looks up.

     CU. RYOKO A

     Standing next to Hiroshi.

          RYOKO A:  Hello, there!  My name is Ryoko.

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Hiroshi turns.

          HIROSHI:  Oh, hey!  I'm Hiroshi.  Nice to meet
you.

     CU. RYOKO A

     Turns to Tenchi.

          RYOKO A:  Tenchi...  Where's dinner?  Isn't it
time to eat?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  You know, Ryoko.  If you want to eat
right now, you can fix it yourself.

     CU. RYOKO A

          RYOKO A:  But I don't want to wait.  What do we
have now?

     CU. DOOR

     It opens to permit Ryoko B.

     CU. TENCHI

     Looks a little perplexed.

     MAIN HALL (table)

          RYOKO A:  Oh, Hiroshi.  Please meet my sister,
Zero.  She's my twin.

          HIROSHI:  Hey, Zero.  Say, that's a strange name,
isn't it?

          RYOKO B:  Hello, Hiroshi.  Actually, Ryoko and I
are the same.

          TENCHI:  (flustered)  Oh, Ryoko.  You're always
kidding around.

     Mihoshi gapes in amazement.

     CU. RYOKO A

     She grins and gestures playfully.

          RYOKO A:  Oh, don't be silly, Tenchi.  Zero just
turned up rather unexpectedly.  We're both such old friends
of the family.

     CU. DOOR

     Sasami enters.

          SASAMI:  Hey, everybody.  I hope you're all
hungry.  I have something special in mind for tonight.  (she
turns)  You must be Hiroshi!

     MAIN HALL (table)

          HIROSHI:  Yeah.  And you must be Sasami.

          SASAMI:  Oh, I'm famous now.  I'd better have some
help.  Tenchi?  Could you give me a hand in the kitchen,
please?

          TENCHI:  Huh?  Oh yeah.

     CU. TENCHI

     He gets up to leave.

     CU. RYOKO B

     She sits down next to Hiroshi.

          RYOKO B:  Hmm...  So, you're the son of Tenchi's
teacher?  This must be a little awkward for you.

     CU. HIROSHI

          HIROSHI:  Huh?  What do you mean?

     CU. RYOKO A

          RYOKO A:  She means you're worried about making
Tenchi embarrassed about his schoolwork.  You aren't,
though, really?

     MAIN HALL (table)

          HIROSHI:  Uh...

     Ayeka enters.

          AYEKA:  Oh, it seems we do have company.  Good
evening, Hiroshi.

          HIROSHI:  Good evening...

          AYEKA:  My name is Ayeka.  I am very pleased to
meet you.

          HIROSHI:  Oh, hey...

     CU. DOOR

     Washu enters, looking a little forlorn.

          WASHU:  I'd better take a break.  Oh!  Who do we
have here?

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Ayeka and Ryoko B look like they've been hit with a
fish.  Ryoko A smiles.

          RYOKO A:  Oh, Hiroshi.  This is my mom, Washu.
(conspiratorially)  She's a lot older than she looks.

          WASHU:  I heard that.  Hello, young man.  You can
call me Little Washu.  I'm the top genius scientist in the
universe.

          HIROSHI:  Uh--

     Yosho enters, looks around, and clears his throat.

          YOSHO:  You were saying?

     CU. HIROSHI

     Dizzy with confusion for a moment.

          HIROSHI:  (recovering quickly)  Hello, Little
Washu.  Hello, Ayeka.  Nice to meet you all.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  Very good, young man.  You may call me
Katsuhito.  I am the keeper of the Masaki shrine.  I am
Tenchi's grandfather.

     CU. HIROSHI

          HIROSHI:  Very nice to meet you, sir.  I am
Hiroshi--

     CU. DOOR

     Noboyuki enters.

          NOBOYUKI:  Ah.  I see everybody is here.  Hey,
Ryoko.  I didn't know you had a sister...

     MAIN HALL

     Yosho looks around, narrowing his eyes.  Washu rolls
her eyes.  Ayeka looks back and forth, puzzling.  Mihoshi
looks faint with confusion.

     Tenchi enters again.

          TENCHI:  How many for dinner tonight?

22   EXT. PATIO

     Nighttime.  Tenchi is sitting alone, simply looking out
at an open, starry sky.  He takes a drink.  Hiroshi enters.
He takes out a cigarette and lights it, standing next to
Tenchi.  Hiroshi fidgets.

          HIROSHI:  Damn!  I just had to get out of that hen
house.  It's really stifling.

     Hiroshi takes a long drag.

          TENCHI:  Hmm...  You said it.

          HIROSHI:  All that playful naivete was making me
want to scream.  Especially that Mihoshi.  Every time she
starts a sentence, she reveals how stupid she is.

          TENCHI:  (chuckling)  I can't imagine you having a
long conversation with Mihoshi.

          HIROSHI:  (shuddering)  Hells bells!  And that
Ayeka--she just went on and on about ancient Greeks and
Romans.  You'd think there wasn't any Mayans or Chinese
around at the time.  And always in that oh-so-controlled
tone of voice.  Damn!

     CU. TENCHI

     Slowly yawns.

          TENCHI:  Now you see why I was in the kitchen.

     CU. HIROSHI

          HIROSHI:  (laughing)  I'll bet you really love it,
though.  They never shut up about you.  They fawn all over
you.  That's the most sick part about it.

     PATIO

     Tenchi sighs.

          TENCHI:  You'd think that.

          HIROSHI:  Hmm...

          TENCHI:  What about Ryoko?  You two seem to get
along okay.

          HIROSHI:  Well, Ryoko is one seriously disturbed
individual, but she's okay.  I can see myself having a
couple of long conversations with her.

          TENCHI:  Hey, you know, I have an idea...

          HIROSHI:  Huh?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (musing)  Why don't you ask her out?  She
doesn't have a boyfriend, and I'm sure she'd love to hang
around with you.

     CU. HIROSHI

     Takes another long drag, considering.

          HIROSHI:  You know, I think that's a good idea.
Yeah.  You know, Tenchi, sometimes you're okay.  You're
usually an insufferable geek, but now I think you're cool.

     PATIO

     Hiroshi puts out his cigarette and walks toward the
lake.

          HIROSHI:  I'm going for a swim.

          TENCHI:  (reaching around)  Oh, then you better
take this.

     Tenchi tosses him a towel.

23   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ayeka and Sasami lean up against a window.  Ayeka is
grinning.

          AYEKA:  You know, Sasami, I don't think we could
have planned this better.  I'll finally be rid of that
devil-woman.  (she starts giggling)

     CU. RYOKO A

          RYOKO A:  Hey, Princess.  What are you doing over
there?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (still giggling)  Oh, nothing.

     CU. RYOKO A

     Suddenly frowns.

     MAIN HALL

     Ryoko B enters and gestures to Ryoko A.  Ryoko A looks
questioningly as Washu appears.

24   INT. MAIN HALL (near TV)

     Tenchi and Sasami are playing a video game.  Sasami
gasps and punches Tenchi in the arm.

          SASAMI:  Hey!  That's no fair!  That's the fourth
time you've pulled that move!

          TENCHI:  (a little smug)  I'm too quick for you,
Sasami.

     CU. SASAMI

     Starts to pout a little.

          SASAMI:  You could let me win a few times.

     MAIN HALL

     Hiroshi enters, still drying his hair with a towel.

          HIROSHI:  Hey, Sasami.

          SASAMI:  (turning)  Oh, hey.  You have a fun dip?

          HIROSHI:  It was very invigorating.  You mind if I
play this loser?  I want to kick his butt a few times.

     CU. TENCHI

     Sighs.

     MAIN HALL

     Sasami gets up.  Hiroshi takes the controller and sits
next to him.  They start to play the game.

          TENCHI:  You talk pretty big.  Let's see you back
it up.

          HIROSHI:  (casual)  You know you've never beaten
me, Tenchi.  I got you pegged.  You always hang back and let
the other guy move first.  Then you go for some insane
kill-shot.  I just look for an opening, and chip away until
you start to beg for mercy.

          TENCHI:  Yeah, yeah, yeah...  Whatever you say.

     Sasami watches their game.  Ryoko B enters.

          RYOKO B:  Now, there's something.

     Tenchi groans in disgust.

          HIROSHI:  (chuckling)  See, I told you.  (turning
around)  Oh, hey Zero!  Where's your sister?

     CU. RYOKO B

          RYOKO B:  (frowning)  She's in Little Washu's
laboratory.

     CU. HIROSHI

     Turns back to the game.

          HIROSHI:  Okay.

     CU. RYOKO B

          RYOKO B:  (scowling)  Do you mind if I ask you
something, Hiroshi?

     MAIN HALL

     Ryoko B approaches as Tenchi and Hiroshi battle it out.

          HIROSHI:  (focused on the game)  No, I don't mind.
Fire away.

          RYOKO B:  How in the world did you know it was me?
I mean, and not Ryoko?

          HIROSHI:  (softly)  It's pretty plain to me, Zero.
You're all stiff, like a robot.  Ryoko moves more like a
cat.  I'm not sure if it's the tail that gives me that
impression, though.  But she does seem more, you know,
fluid.

          TENCHI:  (disgusted)  Not again!

     CU. RYOKO B

     Thoughtful.

     CU. HIROSHI

          HIROSHI:  Forget it, Tenchi.  You're no match for
the master.  I've beat this game every which way, you know.
I've mastered all the twenty-hit combos.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (getting up)  Yeah, I know when I'm
licked.

     MAIN HALL

     Hiroshi looks up at Ryoko B.

          HIROSHI:  Zero, you want to play?  I'll give you a
handicap.

          RYOKO B:  Hmm...  All right, but you're going
down.

          HIROSHI:  (grinning)  In your dreams.

25   EXT. OUTPOST

     A spaceship descends through the atmosphere.  Follow
down to a small landing pad next to a large building.
Several lines of armored guards stand next to the landing
area.  Several airships go buzzing by.  Lights stream out to
the spaceship, as it lands.

26   EXT. LANDING AREA

     A hatch opens near the underside of the spaceship, and
a suited figure steps out, wearing a helmet.  Three lines of
five guards go out to the ship, and approach the figure.

     CU. FIGURE

     It removes a small data pad.

     AREA

     One guard steps forward and checks the data pad.  They
then salute and the figure marches forward.

27   EXT. NEAR ENTRANCE

     Several uniformed figures standing near an entrance,
watching as the suited figure approaches.  Medium-shot
behind suited figure, as it removes its helm and salutes.

     CU. of the figure--Mihoshi.

          MIHOSHI:  Second-class specialist, Agent Mihoshi,
reporting.

     CU. one uniformed figure, a severe-looking woman who
returns the salute.

          BELENA:  I am representative Belena.  Welcome to
Leo-three outpost.

     NEAR ENTRANCE

     The uniformed figures escort Mihoshi into the building.

28   INT. NARROW HALLWAY

          BELENA:  When we heard that you had been sent
here, we had to hurry to make preparations.  I understand
the Council is concerned that we have an administration
situation, but I assure you we have everything under
control.

          MIHOSHI:  (firmly)  I'm not here for an
inspection.  When the Council learned about the betrayal,
they assumed that time was growing short.  We need to move
Lania, now.

          BELENA:  She isn't ready.  I was assured that
Lania was under my strict protection.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  (matter-of-factly)  It looks like we
both have our orders.

29   INT. WASHU'S LABORATORY

     Washu looks at her console display, narrowing her eyes.

          WASHU:  (softly)  Extrapolations?

     NEAR CHAMBER

     Ryoko A lies in a chamber connected to a large, glowing
sphere.  The sphere has lines coming out of the bottom that
are connected to a large, complicated-looking block of
machinery.

30   EXT. CITY

     A large city, the night skyline reveals several
airships.  The airships project beams of light around the
ground.

31   EXT. STREETS

     Mihoshi is in a dingy outfit, leading a young
woman--Lania--through the streets.  Behind them, Ryoko
follows, glancing side-to-side on occasion.

     A long line of troops in uniform march down a street.

32   EXT. ALLEY

     Mihoshi and Lania watch from an alley as the troops go
past.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     Snarling in disgust.

33   EXT. STREET

     Three figures cross the wide street.  They enter a
large tunnel.

34   INT. TUNNEL

     The three run down the tunnel.  A wall of fire appears
behind them.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (softly)  A trap.

     CU. LANIA

     Just finishes making a throw.

          LANIA:  It's a trap, all right.

     TUNNEL

     Mihoshi collapses to the ground.  A small, slender
knife is protruding from her back.  Ryoko looks at Lania, in
shock.

          RYOKO:  What?

          LANIA:  And you're the bait.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  (mournfully)  Ouch.

35   INT. WASHU'S LABORATORY (near chamber)

     Ryoko A opens her eyes.

     CU. WASHU

     Looks thoughtfully at her console display.

          WASHU:  (to herself)  Ouch?  I would have thought
her last words would have been a bit more pithy.

     LAB

     Ryoko A appears next to Washu.

          RYOKO A:  Are we done yet?  I don't think I can
stand another session.

          WASHU:  This is fine for now, Ryoko.  I think I'm
beginning to see the patterns.  I can't quite track their
source, though.  I'm going to need to modify my equipment
for a deeper scan.

36   INT. TENCHI'S BEDROOM

     Tenchi is sleeping in a bedroll on the floor.  Hiroshi
is lying in the bed, listening to some music through his
headphones.  Ryoko A enters, slowly emerging through a wall.

     CU. HIROSHI

     Looks around in a bit of shock.  He removes the
headphones.

          HIROSHI:  (breathless)  Whoa.  Too cool!

     CU. RYOKO A

     Emerges and then turns toward Hiroshi.

          RYOKO A:  (softly)  I'm sorry.  I'm not disturbing
you, am I?

     BEDROOM

          HIROSHI:  (softly)  Hey, how did you do that?

          RYOKO A:  Do what?  (smiling)  You mean the thing,
through the walls?

          HIROSHI:  Yeah, that was awesome.

          RYOKO A:  Oh, it's nothing, really.  I thought you
guys would be asleep, by now.

          HIROSHI:  Don't you need to sleep?

     CU. RYOKO A

          RYOKO A:  (frowning)  I've slept enough already,
today.

     CU. HIROSHI

     A peculiar smile crosses his face.

     BEDROOM

          RYOKO A:  You know, I don't walk into people's
rooms unannounced, all the time.  I'm just curious.

          HIROSHI:  Yeah, I'm the same way.

          RYOKO A:  I really don't like being left alone,
either.

          HIROSHI:  Hey, who does?

          RYOKO A:  Don't get me wrong.  I mean, I'm really
very shy, but I get lonely pretty easily.

     CU. HIROSHI

          HIROSHI:  Huh?  You want to hang out with me,
tomorrow?

     CU. RYOKO A

          RYOKO A:  Hang out?

     CU. HIROSHI

          HIROSHI:  (confident)  You know, go the park.  We
could have a lot of fun.  Sometimes, I like to hide behind
trees and throw things at people.

     BEDROOM

          RYOKO A:  (chuckling)  That's twisted.

          HIROSHI:  I don't really hurt them, I just like to
scare people.

          RYOKO A:  Wow, that's so weird.  I'm always doing
that, too.

          HIROSHI:  Anyway, your buddy Tenchi said it was
okay.

     CU. RYOKO A

          RYOKO A:  (perplexed)  Huh?

     CU. HIROSHI

          HIROSHI:  I mean, to hang out.  He gave me his
blessing.

     CU. RYOKO A

     She looks around at Tenchi.

          RYOKO A:  (to herself)  Well, I'll be...

     CU. TENCHI

     He is sleeping, apparently oblivious to all this.

37   EXT. WASHU'S LABORATORY

     Sits at her console.

          WASHU:  Ah, I see.  No, wait.  Shoot!  That isn't
it.

     Washu groans in disgust.

38   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     The house framed nicely in morning sunlight.

39   INT. TENCHI'S BEDROOM

     Tenchi slowly stirs and looks over at the empty bed.

     CU. TENCHI

     Scratches his head.

40   INT. LIBRARY

     Ryoko B enters and looks around.

          RYOKO B:  Ryoko?

     Ryoko B looks at a book, left open.

41   EXT. MASAKI SHRINE

     Yosho is sitting in front, pondering.  Tenchi is
sweeping nearby.

     CU. YOSHO

     Rubs his chin.

          YOSHO:  Just vanished, you say?

     CU. TENCHI

     Still sweeping.

          TENCHI:  Yeah.  He left his parka behind, too.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  I wouldn't worry about them, Tenchi.
Ryoko can handle herself.  Watch out for the other one,
though.

     SHRINE

     Tenchi stops for a moment.

          TENCHI:  What do mean, Grandpa?

          YOSHO:  The other Ryoko.  She's trouble, Tenchi.
I don't know what's going on, but it is very suspicious.  Be
wary, Tenchi.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (realizing)  Oh, I see.

42   INT. MAIN HALL (sofa)

     Ayeka sits, holding a pen.  A notebook lies in her lap.
Sasami is standing next to her.

          AYEKA:  I always have trouble with the first few
lines, you know?

     Sasami murmurs agreement.  Tenchi enters with a few
books.

          TENCHI:  Hey, Ayeka.  I have those books.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Thank you, Tenchi.  Just set them over
here, if you would.

     MAIN HALL

     Tenchi sets the books on the small table and starts to
leave.  Ayeka turns.

          AYEKA:  Tenchi, I wonder...  Do you have any books
about the musical styles?

          TENCHI:  (scratching his head)  Of the ancient
civilizations?  I think I just have a chapter or two in one
of my texts.  I can get that, if you like.

          AYEKA:  Oh, no.  That's okay.  I was just curious
about the relationship between the narratives and their
medium.  It helps to have more than just the text.

          TENCHI:  Hmm...  I suppose it would.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  If you don't mind my asking, Ayeka, what
do you need all these for?  There's not much culture or
history in those old stories.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Well, Lord Tenchi, it is not the history
that fascinates me.  To be perfectly honest, I've always had
a thing for composition.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Really?

     MAIN HALL

          AYEKA:  Yes, indeed.  I was always quite good
about translating the ancient poetry of certain Jurai
authors.  I was frequently reprimanded for it, actually.

          TENCHI:  (amused)  I'll bet you could raise a few
eyebrows.

          AYEKA:  Well...  (a little annoyed)  You could say
that they considered it a waste of my time.  I, however, was
quite convinced that to overlook such beauty would itself be
a waste.

          TENCHI:  I can imagine.  Was it anything like
Earth poetry?

          AYEKA:  There are similarities.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  I only had enough time to translate two
books of a certain Jurai explorer.  There were twenty-six,
in all.  I began thinking about how much is lost, and it led
me to become a bit of a poet, myself.  I hope this isn't all
boring you.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (thoughtful)  No.

     MAIN HALL

     Sasami looks back and forth between Ayeka and Tenchi,
considering.

          SASAMI:  Ayeka is being modest.  She wrote an
explorer saga that filled seven books.

          AYEKA:  Sasami!  I didn't spend all my time,
writing, you know.

     Tenchi smiles, a little disconcerted.

          AYEKA:  I was very talented from a young age, and
it was considered very man-like.  I don't wish to sound
morbid, but my tutors were never quite sure what to make of
me.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  I can relate to that.

     CU. AYEKA

     She turns back to the table.

          AYEKA:  You know, Tenchi, I think you are probably
quite good at translating.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Huh?  I've never written much, actually.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Indeed?  From your use of speech, it seems
to me that you are actually quite talented at reading
authorial motive and underlying contexts.  Perhaps you do
not use your talents much?

     MAIN HALL

     Sasami rolls her eyes and starts to leave.

          SASAMI:  I'm going to go play.  I haven't seen
Ryo-Ohki today.

          TENCHI:  Have fun, Sasami.  Play nice.

          SASAMI:  (leaving)  I always play nice.  Later.

          TENCHI:  (narrowing his eyes)  How can you read
someone's use of speech?

     CU. AYEKA

     Turns again.

          AYEKA:  From what they say, of course.  For
example, if I were to ask you about a van Gogh, I expect you
would tell me that it exhibits a kind of frozen motion.
Whereas, if I were to ask Sasami the same thing, she would
tell me about how vibrant the colors are.  You can read an
author from what that author reads in the world.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  I think I see what you mean.  You take a
few vague notions and deduce that person's entire character.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Exactly.  You see?  You know what I mean
without my prompting.  You just need a little encouragement.

     MAIN HALL

     Tenchi sighs.

          TENCHI:  I think I know what you want to ask me.
You want me to help interpret these stories.

     Ayeka feigns a bit of surprise.

          AYEKA:  Now, Tenchi.  What an excellent idea!  You
are clever.

          TENCHI:  I'm only doing this because I don't have
anything better to do.

     CU. AYEKA

     Turns back to the table again.

          AYEKA:  I knew you were poet, Tenchi.  Deep down
inside, we both see things the same way.

43   EXT. BEHIND SHRUBBERY

     A long shrubbery.  A walkway curls along, just to the
side.  A small pond lies beyond the walkway.  A small
fountain in the center of the pond shoots water.

     Ryoko A sits just behind the shrubbery.  Hiroshi is
crouched down.  He takes a quick peek and then chuckles.

          HIROSHI:  Here he comes.

          RYOKO A:  This is pretty cruel.  You don't just
mug people, you know.

          HIROSHI:  You don't know what a jerk this guy is,
Ryoko.  Just yesterday, he was bragging about how he fought
off an entire gang.

          RYOKO A:  So?

          HIROSHI:  I saw what really happened.  He just
stood there while a friend of his got the crap beaten out of
him.  Trust me, we're doing this guy a favor.

44   EXT. PARK WALKWAY

     A rather large young man comes strolling along.  He has
a swagger that suggests recent drinking, but he has a very
sharp appearance.  Ryoko A appears behind him, wearing a
mask and a dark outfit.  Hiroshi appears in front, similarly
dressed.  He takes out a large knife.

          HIROSHI:  (low, gruff)  Give it up, man!  Give us
your money or we'll cut you!

     CU. FAT BOY

     His eyes widen.  Ryoko A slinks up behind him with a
light-dagger.  She quickly takes him in a headlock with one
arm, brandishing the dagger with the other hand.

          FAT BOY:  (fearfully)  Oh man!  Oh hell!  Just
take it!  Take it!  Please, don't kill me!

     He fumbles a small purse to the ground.

45   EXT. NEAR PARK WALKWAY

     A couple of police officers notice this scene.

          FIRST OFFICER:  What the hell?

          SECOND OFFICER:  We got a mugging.  Get on the
radio!

46   EXT. PARK WALKWAY

     CU. HIROSHI

     He glances around, fearfully.

          HIROSHI:  Hurry up!

     CU. RYOKO A

     Forcing fat boy to the ground and then taking his
purse.

          RYOKO A:  Don't panic, kid!  These cops are
rookies.  We'll fly right by 'em.

47   EXT. WALKWAY CHASE (shoulder-shot)

     The second officer is running after them.  Chase a
little as Hiroshi and Ryoko A leap over the shrubbery.

48   EXT. CHASE THROUGH PARK

     Hiroshi and Ryoko A run through the park toward a
forest.  Officer follows behind them.

49   EXT. CHASE TWO-SHOT (trucking alongside)

     Hiroshi is scowling and Ryoko A is laughing.  Hiroshi
glances backward every now and then.

          HIROSHI:  Oh hell!  We're going to get caught!

          RYOKO A:  Maybe!  Maybe not!

50   EXT. FOREST ENTRANCE

     They leap into the forest.  Officer goes in, shortly
after.

51   EXT. FOLLOWING INTO FOREST

     Ryoko A moves into the lead.  She gestures for Hiroshi
to follow.

52   EXT. RUNNING THROUGH FOREST (perspective)

     Trees, vines, and stumps approach camera in over and
around bends.

53   EXT. A SMALL CLEARING

     Officer looks around frantically.  He slows and begins
to pant.

     CU. OFFICER

     He leans on his knees.

          OFFICER:  Damn kids!  I'm going to kill them!

54   EXT. BEHIND A CLUSTER OF TREES

     Hiroshi and Ryoko A, are hiding.

          OFFICER:  (OC)  Hey!  Give yourself up!  You can't
hide forever!

     They both chuckle softly.

55   EXT. TRAIL

     A trail in a heavy section of forest.  A stream crosses
the trail.

     Ryoko A and Hiroshi stroll down the trail.  They have
removed their masks.

          HIROSHI:  That's was pretty freakin' intense.  I
really thought we were going to get caught.

          RYOKO A:  As long as you don't do anything stupid,
you won't get caught.

          HIROSHI:  Hmm...  What do you want to do with the
purse?

     CU. RYOKO A

          RYOKO A:  Oh, yeah!  I forgot I had that.

     She tosses it aside.

     TRAIL

     They cross the stream, and Hiroshi briefly looks back.

          HIROSHI:  You don't want the money?

          RYOKO A:  (sighing)  I thought you just wanted to
scare the guy.  Hey, have some respect.

     CU. HIROSHI

          HIROSHI:  Yeah, you're right.

56   INT. LIBRARY

     Mihoshi is at one end, reading a comic.  Ryoko B is at
the other end, writing.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     Oohing and ahhing.  She turns a page.

     CU. RYOKO B

     Scowls in irritation.  She shakes her pen a few times.

57   INT. MAIN HALL (sofa)

     Tenchi is writing.  Ayeka is sitting next to him,
reading a book.  Ryo-Ohki is sitting on Sasami's shoulder.
Sasami is playing a nice little march with her flute.

     CU. AYEKA

     She looks up from the book and looks at what Tenchi is
writing.

          AYEKA:  (reading)  Ask me why the wind blows,/ Ask
why flowers die,/ Ask me why a tree grows,/ But don't ask
why I cry.  (looking up)  Hey, that's not bad.

     CU. TENCHI

     He is somewhat engrossed in his writing.

          TENCHI:  Huh?  Oh, thanks.  I thought it might be
a little precocious.

     CU. AYEKA

     Goes back to her reading.

          AYEKA:  (waxing philosophical)  Well, it's better
to be a precocious clown than an impulsive king.

     MAIN HALL

     Tenchi nods, absently, and continues writing.  Ryoko B
appears behind him.

          RYOKO B:  (very casual)  Hey Tenchi, you have
another pen?

          TENCHI:  Huh?  Oh yeah.

          RYOKO B:  Thanks...

58   INT. MAIN HALL (soft filter around edges)

     CU. TENCHI

     He looks around, holding a pen out.

     CU. RYOKO B

     A look of mild surprise.

     CU. PEN

     Ryoko B and Tenchi briefly touch hands as he gives her
the pen.

59   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ayeka looks up, curiously.

          TENCHI:  (wistfully)  You're welcome.

          AYEKA:  (aroused with trepidation)  Hey!  What's
going on, here?

     Ryoko B vanishes.

          TENCHI:  Huh?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (bristling)  I said, what's going on?
What was that pen thing about?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (a little stunned)  Pen?  Oh yeah.  I
have no idea.

     CU. SASAMI

     She stops and looks up.  A look of confusion on her
face.

     CU. AYEKA

     Starts to tremble.

     MAIN HALL

     Tenchi slowly gets up.

          TENCHI:  Excuse me, Ayeka.  Uh...  I need to go
check on something.

     Tenchi exits.

60   EXT. WASHU'S LABORATORY

     Washu is working at her console.

     CU. WASHU

     She frowns and closes her eyes.

     LAB

     Washu stands and kicks a large decorative crab.  It
goes tumbling off.

          WASHU:  (groan)  Ryoko!  You're killing me!

61   INT. EAST HALLWAY

     Ryoko B considers Tenchi.

          RYOKO B:  What the hell just happened?

          TENCHI:  (very nervous)  I don't know.  I'm not
sure how to describe it.

          RYOKO B:  (wryly amused)  Well, you open your
mouth and make some sounds through your throat and move your
lips, you know.

          TENCHI:  (smiling briefly)  Uh...  One moment, I
was just working on a little treatment.  The next thing I
knew, I was looking in your eyes.  (softly)  This may sound
strange, but it was like I was seeing you for the first
time.

          RYOKO B:  (considering)  Yeah.  I recognize that.
That unfamiliar feeling is called love.  I was just starting
to think you weren't capable.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (annoyed)  This is stupid!  I mean,
you're not yourself, right?  I can't be in love with half a
person, can I?

     CU. RYOKO B

          RYOKO B:  Yeah.  This has disaster written all
over it.  What an ugly time to fall in love, huh?

     HALLWAY

          TENCHI:  What would everybody think?  I've never
been in love before.  What do I do?

     Ryoko B cackles with laughter.

          RYOKO B:  This is insane!

     They pause a moment, then embrace and kiss.

62   INT. MAIN HALL (sofa)

     Ayeka is still sitting at the table, a look of shock on
her face.  Sasami goes over to her and puts a hand on her
shoulder.

          SASAMI:  (softly)  It'll be okay, Ayeka.

     Ayeka covers her face as she starts to weep.

63   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Late-afternoon.  Two uniformed figures are approaching
the door.

64   EXT. ENTRANCE

     Two police officers knock, and the door shortly opens.
Mihoshi appears.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh, hello!  What can I do for you
gentlemen?

     The first one takes out some identification.

          FIRST OFFICER:  Hello, ma'am.  Sorry to bother
you, but is it okay if we come inside?  We just need to ask
a few questions.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Oh, yes.  Certainly.  Please, come in!

65   INT. ENTRANCE

     Mihoshi limps out of the way as the officers enter.

          MIHOSHI:  Is there anything I can get you?
Something to drink, perhaps?

          SECOND OFFICER:  Uh...  No, that's okay, we just
need to check a few things and be on our way.  It's probably
nothing, but we do have certain procedures.  You understand?

          MIHOSHI:  Oh, yes!  I understand completely!

66   INT. LIBRARY

     Tenchi and Ryoko B are sitting together, blissfully
unaware.  Mihoshi and the officers enter.

          FIRST OFFICER:  Excuse me, young man.

          TENCHI:  Huh?  Oh!  (nervously)  How can I help
you gentlemen?

          FIRST OFFICER:  (to Ryoko B)  Young lady, is your
name Ryoko?

          RYOKO B:  Huh?  Oh!  Uh, yes.  What's the problem?

          FIRST OFFICER:  We had a report that you had been
causing several disturbances.  We just need to verify your
whereabouts.

     CU. RYOKO B

          RYOKO B:  (annoyed)  When?

     CU. FIRST OFFICER.

          FIRST OFFICER:  Earlier today.

     LIBRARY

     Mihoshi approaches, slowly.

          RYOKO B:  Oh, I was here all day.

          MIHOSHI:  She was here, officers.  I saw her this
morning, and I haven't seen her leave all day.

     CU. FIRST OFFICER.

          FIRST OFFICER:  (smiling)  Yes, I see.  I thought
so.  Good day.  Sorry for the trouble.

     CU. TENCHI

     Frowns, irritated.

     LIBRARY

     The officers exit.  Mihoshi slowly turns and follows.
Tenchi looks at Ryoko B quizzically.  Ryoko B shrugs.

     Washu appears, looking thoughtful.

          WASHU:  Who was that?

          RYOKO B:  Just the local police.  They seem to
have gotten the impression that I'm a juvenile delinquent.
I wasn't being bad at all, today.  Was I, Tenchi?

          WASHU:  (sighing)  Whatever they were told, I'm
sure it isn't true.  When you hang around with the wrong
type of people, though, anything can happen.

          RYOKO B:  I like to think anything can happen when
you find the right kind of people, too--

          TENCHI:  What do you mean, Little Washu?  Is
Hiroshi in trouble?

          WASHU:  Uh...  I wouldn't worry about your friend,
Tenchi.  He's in good hands.  Anyway, I need to borrow your
girlfriend here for a moment.

     CU. RYOKO B

          RYOKO B:  Not another scan--

     CU. WASHU

     She makes a beckoning gesture to Ryoko B.

          WASHU:  Not exactly.  I think I'm close to a
breakthrough, here.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (worried)  Can I help?

     LIBRARY

     Washu leads Ryoko B toward the door.  Tenchi slowly
starts to get up.

          WASHU:  That's okay, Tenchi.  Little Washu is in
control.  You can tag along, if you want.

67   INT. KITCHEN

     Mihoshi is having a snack.  Sasami enters, looking a
little grim.  Ryo-Ohki follows.

          SASAMI:  Hey, Mihoshi.  What did those men want?

          MIHOSHI:  Oh!  They were just some police
officers.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (disconcerted)  Police?  Is someone in
trouble?

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  (pondering)  Uh...  I don't know.  They
said they were still investigating.

     KITCHEN

          SASAMI:  Well, I hope they catch the bad guys.

          MIHOSHI:  Yeah--

          SASAMI:  It's hard to imagine, though--criminals
lurking around here.  I guess you aren't safe anywhere.

68   EXT. WASHU'S LABORATORY

     Washu, Ryoko B and Tenchi enter.  Ryoko A hovers off to
the side.  She scowls and floats toward the others.

          RYOKO A:  Let's get this over with, huh?

     They turn to face Ryoko A.

          WASHU:  What's your hurry?  Got a hot date?

          RYOKO B:  I think she's right, Washu.  I just want
to get back to normal.

          RYOKO A:  (snorting)  Is that so?  It looked to me
like you were getting pretty comfortable.  You wasted no
time seducing my Tenchi.

     CU. RYOKO B

          RYOKO B:  (irritated)  I would have thought you'd
be glad.  We are the same person.

     CU. RYOKO A

          RYOKO A:  (angry)  I'm not stupid!  It's just
forbidden fruit.  You don't really care about him, like I
do.

     LAB

     Tenchi rolls his eyes in disgust.

          WASHU:  (grimacing)  Ryoko!  Much as I'm going to
enjoy reflecting on this moment at some later date, it's
very annoying, right now.  Please stop fighting for five
minutes, so I can concentrate.

69   INT. WASHU'S LABORATORY (big impressive machine)

     The group goes over to a large ring of spheres.  A line
connects each sphere all around.  At the side, the line
connects with a small box connected to a short console.
Above the console is a holographic display.  Inside the ring
of spheres are two small benches.  Each bench is lined by
short, metallic cylinders on each side.  The cylinders are
making a low hum.

          WASHU:  (collecting herself)  Welcome to my latest
invention.  I call it the Lateral Filtering Resonance
Amplifier Array.  Now, Ryoko, if you would please take your
seats.  It doesn't matter which one you choose.

     Ryoko A and B enter and each sit on a bench.  Ryoko A
frowns and shrugs.

          RYOKO A:  It feels awfully strange in here.

     A large wall of light around the ring suddenly appears,
as Washu and Tenchi go over to the console.  The humming
gets louder.

          WASHU:  Ordinarily, a device like this would
baffle the most serious scientist.  Its purpose is mainly to
analyze brain-wave patterns, but it does so through a series
of neural filters.  The filters were originally designed to
control the activation of particular patterns but its
functioning was too low-order.  Anyway, I've modified it
with the original neural amplifier control unit.  I also
designed the amplification so that in works in series,
giving an amazing resolution to the final output.

          RYOKO B:  I thought you said this wasn't a scan.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (faintly smug)  It's not.  Scanners merge
patterns with streams of energy.  This device impedes
patterns, merging the result with streams of energy.  You
simply simulate the standard patterns and compare the
results.  This leaves you with whatever interference is
left.

     CU. RYOKO A

     Clenching her teeth.

          RYOKO A:  What's up with these cylinders?  The
vibration is making my skull hum.

     LAB (near the console)

     Tenchi is absorbed in thought.

          WASHU:  (justified pride)  This is what separates
a mere super-genius from a universe-class-genius.  The
cylinders resonate the frequency of the interference.  The
variation in the resonance adds a dimension to the analysis.
That way, I can display a holographic output.  (softly)
And when you connect it to your stereo, it makes a great
sub-woofer.

          TENCHI:  So, why do you need both of her?

          WASHU:  Ryoko is really still just one person,
Tenchi.  Her patterns should all be exactly the same,
wherever they aren't a high-order function of personality.
For some reason, though, her mind simply refuses to accept a
union of associated patterns.  That's the problem.  There's
some interference.  I need to generate the filters at the
same time, because stimuli are never the same for humanoids.

          TENCHI:  Isn't Ryoko dual-natured?

          WASHU:  (sigh)  Don't complicate it, Tenchi.
There's enough going on here, as it is.  I'm just a
scientist, not a miracle worker.

     LAB (inside machine)

          RYOKO B:  You know, it was pretty lucky about
Tenchi.

          RYOKO A:  Because Tenchi set me up with his
friend?

          RYOKO B:  Actually, I was just thinking that it
could just as easily have been Ayeka that he fell in love
with.  He was sitting right next to her, after all.

          RYOKO A:  He was?  Taking more pity on her, I
suppose.

          RYOKO B:  It looked like a mutual sharing between
them.

     CU. RYOKO A

          RYOKO A:  She was flirting with him again?

     CU. RYOKO B

          RYOKO B:  She was trying to make him flirt with
her.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (amused)  Isn't it nice when we can all
get along?  Great minds think alike, etc...

70   INT. MAIN HALL (table)

     Mihoshi is picking at her food, and Sasami is leaning
on her hands.

          MIHOSHI:  Aren't you hungry, Sasami?

          SASAMI:  I can't eat.

          MIHOSHI:  Where's Ayeka?

          SASAMI:  Ayeka said she never wanted to eat again.
I wish they would hurry up and finish fixing Ryoko.

     Yosho enters.

          YOSHO:  Hello, girls.  Where's Tenchi?

          MIHOSHI:  Hello.

          SASAMI:  Hey, Grandpa.  I saw Tenchi go with Washu
and Ryoko to her lab.  They must still be in there.

          YOSHO:  (relieved)  That's good to hear.

     CU. YOSHO

     He sits at the table and takes a dish.

          YOSHO:  I had warned Tenchi, but I was afraid he
would not heed my advice.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (a little stunned)  You mean this could
have turned out worse?

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Yosho considers for a moment.

          YOSHO:  In truth, I had doubts.  He seems to have
handled things pretty well, so far.

          MIHOSHI:  Yeah.  He handled those police pretty
well, too.

          YOSHO:  (shocked)  Police?

71   INT. WASHU'S LABORATORY (big impressive machine)

     CU. RYOKO A

     Flinches in anticipation.  A blast of steam hits her in
the face.  She brings up her hands a moment too late to keep
from getting soaked.

     LAB (at console)

     Washu is studying the holographic output.  A pair of
spirls curl in and out of the holograph, flexing and
bobbing.  They shimmer around the edges for a moment and
then spark a small flash.

          WASHU:  (pondering)  Hmm...  Interesting.  The
source of the interference is very close.

          TENCHI:  (a little annoyed)  Little Washu?

          WASHU:  Not right now, Tenchi.

     Washu starts typing at her console.

     CU. WASHU

     Concentrates eagerly.

          WASHU:  Tracking...

     CU. RYOKO B

     Drops her head a moment before getting soaked by the
steam.

          RYOKO B:  Washu--  Please...

     LAB (at console)

     Tenchi scowls and then scratches his head, nervously
pondering.

          TENCHI:  Did you have to use a water-cooler,
Little Washu?

          WASHU:  Of course, Tenchi.  The heat sinks I use
are too small for this job.  Anyway, water works just as
well if you vent it properly.

          TENCHI:  But the water vents right over Ryoko.

          WASHU:  Well, I can't vent the water into the
ring, Tenchi.  There would be a heat backlash.  I'd rather
not risk essential equipment, you know.  Damn!  Now, I'm
getting feedback loops!  What the hell is going on?

          TENCHI:  Feedback loops?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (snarling in irritation)  This
interference is curving back into itself, negating the
source of its own existence.  It's like it just suddenly
appears from nothing!  The extrapolations are of a
singularity.  The factors in the associative data are
reflecting in a classic hall-of-mirrors pattern.  (she
groans)  This is a nightmare.

     LAB (inside machine)

     Ryoko A looks thoughtful and Ryoko B looks worried.

     CU. TENCHI

     Still nervously ponders.

     LAB (near console)

     The machine stops and the rings of light flick off.
Washu leans over the console, inconsolable.

          WASHU:  Everybody get out!  I need to rethink this
whole approach.

     LAB (inside machine)

     Ryoko A and B gratefully get up and leave their
benches.  Ryoko A narrows her eyes angrily as Ryoko B tries
to ring out her hair.

     LAB (at console)

     Tenchi approaches Washu and puts a hand on her
shoulder.

          TENCHI:  Little Washu?  Are you going to be okay?

          WASHU:  (still looking down)  Why did I ever think
I could handle this?  I'm a total failure.  Just forget
anything I've ever told you, Tenchi.  I'm a gibbering idiot!
All I ever do is cause trouble.

     CU. RYOKO A

          RYOKO A:  (smiling)  Come on, Tenchi.  You can't
help her when she's like this.

     CU. TENCHI

     A little hesitant.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (miserable)  Go on, Tenchi.  Next thing
you know, I'll turn you into a frog and we'll have to get
Ayeka to kiss you to restore you.

     CU. RYOKO B

     Chuckles.

     LAB (near console)

     Tenchi turns and starts to leave along with Ryoko A and
B.

72   INT. MAIN HALL (table)

     Mihoshi is sitting across from Yosho.  Yosho seems
mildly annoyed as Mihoshi ponders.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh!  And they said something about
needing the parka.  It was evidence in an assault
investigation.  I think that's what they said.

     Ryoko A and B enter with Tenchi.  Tenchi goes to sit
down, as Ryoko A and B pick up a couple of dishes.

          YOSHO:  I see Washu was not entirely successful.

          RYOKO A:  Well, she always throws a tantrum right
before she has a paradigm shift.  I'd say we have a couple
of hours before she figures it all out.

     CU. TENCHI

     Takes his chopsticks to eat.  He looks up at Ryoko B.

          TENCHI:  Hey, Ryoko.  Don't you want to eat?

     CU. RYOKO B

     Smiles devilishly.

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Ryoko A and B exit with Tenchi.  Yosho looks around and
then sighs.

          MIHOSHI:  I tried to explain to them how Ryoko had
been in trouble before, but she was perfectly fine, now.  I
wasn't wrong about that, was I?  You don't think Ryoko is
relapsing, do you?

          YOSHO:  No, Mihoshi.  I think you were right about
her--more's to pity.

73   INT. AYEKA'S BEDROOM

     Ayeka is lying in bed.  She is staring blankly,
apparently unable to move.  Sasami enters, carrying a couple
of dishes.

          AYEKA:  Are they still together?

          SASAMI:  I think so.  It should be over, soon.

     Sasami gestures with the food.

          SASAMI:  I brought some up for you.

          AYEKA:  (wistfully annoyed)  Is this all I am?  A
vessel for a bit of dead flesh?  Is life nothing more than
the repetition of one miserable obstruction after another?

          SASAMI:  Please, Ayeka.  I really can't tell you.

     CU. AYEKA

     She looks a little remorseful, and then smiles.

          AYEKA:  I know, Sasami.  I just can't help but
notice how this woman keeps taking everything away from me,
just when I think I have it in my grasp.  You can't know how
infuriating it is.  It is like the hand of fate has made me
nothing more than an observer of everything I try to
accomplish.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (softly)  I have a feeling you'll be
together in the end.

     BEDROOM

     Ayeka turns and looks over at Sasami.

          AYEKA:  You do?

          SASAMI:  (firmly)  Yes.  Now, please eat.  I won't
eat until you do.

     CU. AYEKA

     Rolls her eyes.

          AYEKA:  Oh, very well.  Since you're being so
stubborn, I shall have to comply.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Watch out.  It's still a little hot.

74   INT. COZY ROOM

     A fairly small room.  It has a small table in the
center and comfortable sofas on two sides.  A lit fireplace
adorns one side.  Along the hearth are little figurines.
There is a little Tenchi, looking as if he is about to
recite something.  There is a little Washu wearing a tall
hat and a clownish suit coat.  There is a little Ayeka,
cross-eyed and furious.  There is a little Sasami, lying
asleep.  There is a little Mihoshi, sucking her thumb and
holding a little stuffed bear.

     Across the table from the fireplace is a large, rather
plain mirror.  At the bottom of the mirror is a long shelf
stacked across with bottles.  Along the walls with the sofas
are paintings of nature--waterfalls, rivers, ponds, and
several other things water-related.

     The whole room is decorated in dark red and variations
of oak.  The dim light from the fireplace gives the room a
very intimate, earthy feeling.

     Ryoko A is sitting next to Tenchi, eating.  Ryoko B is
at the hearth, trying to dry out her hair.  She finally
gives up and sits across from the other two, starting the
remains of her dish.

          RYOKO A:  You aren't going to finish that?

          TENCHI:  You want it?

     CU. RYOKO A

          RYOKO A:  (smirking)  That isn't all I want.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (sighing)  This is pretty awkward, don't
you think?

     ROOM

     Ryoko B puts her dish down.

          RYOKO B:  Yes, I agree.  Three's a crowd, you
know.

          RYOKO A:  (looking up)  Well, it seems like we
have a consensus.  (pondering for a moment)  If we really
are the same person, then it doesn't really matter who you
are with, does it, Tenchi?

          TENCHI:  Sorry, Ryoko, but there's something very
wrong with that idea.

     CU. RYOKO A

     She narrows her eyes, looking around at Tenchi.

          RYOKO A:  Oh, really?  I'll bet you can't even
tell the difference.

     CU. RYOKO B

     Smiles offhandedly.

     ROOM

     Ryoko A grabs Ryoko B's arm, and they both disappear.
A moment later, they appear on the sofa across from him.

          RYOKO B:  Okay.  Which is which?

          RYOKO A:  Yeah.  Come on, Tenchi.

     CU. TENCHI

     Wryly considers.  He then looks casually at each one
for a moment, then holds his hand out to Ryoko B.

          TENCHI:  I think I'll stick with this one.

     CU. RYOKO A

     Wide-eyed in shock.

     ROOM

     Tenchi and Ryoko B embrace and kiss.

          RYOKO A:  You have got to tell me how you did
that.

          TENCHI:  It's simple, really.  The eyes never lie.

     CU. RYOKO B

     She sits in Tenchi's lap.

          RYOKO B:  We were meant for each other.  It's
obvious.

     CU. RYOKO A

     Starts to pout.

          RYOKO A:  All right, fine.  As long as one of us
wins.  Play with your robot girlfriend, Tenchi.  Just don't
forget that I'm the original.  I don't care what Washu says.

     ROOM

     Ryoko A vanishes.

          TENCHI:  (sullen)  Wow.  That's so sad.  Now, I
just feel awful.

          RYOKO B:  (playfully)  I know how to make you feel
better.

     CU. BOTH

     Kissing again.

     ROOM

     Washu appears on the other sofa.  She smiles and sighs.
Ryoko B looks up.

          WASHU:  Oh, don't mind me.  I'll just sit and
watch.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (looking around)  You know, I really love
what you've done with this room.  This is so cozy.  The
fireplace was a nice touch.  It really gives the room a
sense of size without detracting from its intimacy.

     CU. RYOKO B

          RYOKO B:  (very annoyed)  Washu, don't you have
something better to do?

     CU. WASHU

     Puts her feet up on the table.

          WASHU:  I need to think.  This is as good a place
as any.  It seems very conducive to quiet introspection.

     ROOM

     Tenchi smiles, as Ryoko B sighs and sits just beside
him.

          RYOKO B:  You're really not helping, Mom.  You
could give me a little privacy.

     CU. WASHU

     Folds her arms.

          WASHU:  I can't do that.  You know I can't.

     ROOM

     Tenchi looks contemplative as Ryoko B frowns.

          TENCHI:  Excuse me, Little Washu, but I was
wondering about something.

     Washu sits back up.

          WASHU:  What is it, Tenchi?

          TENCHI:  How did this happen?  I mean, how do
people fall in love?  It all seemed so sudden and bizarre.

          WASHU:  That's a good question, Tenchi.  I don't
know.  All I can say is that Mother Nature is a mad
scientist.  You don't get to pick the time or the place or
how convenient it is.  It just happens.

          RYOKO B:  (half-serious)  You don't think our love
is the subconscious realization of its futility?

          WASHU:  (rolling her eyes)  Only a romantic idiot
would think that.  Anyway, it's circular logic.  You can't
fall in love without certain factors like physical proximity
and chemical predispositions.  It's inane.

          RYOKO B:  Well, this is all very enlightening.
What's next?  A pop quiz?

          TENCHI:  (sullen)  Yeah, you have to admit, Little
Washu.  This is a little rude.  I expected you to be nicer
about this.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  You want me to leave you alone?

     ROOM

          TENCHI:  It's all right.  Don't worry.  I don't
need a chaperon.

          WASHU:  Okay.  (ominously)  But don't come
crawling to me later with new problems.  I won't always be
here.

     Washu stops for a moment at the hearth.

          WASHU:  No painting of dear old Mom over the
fireplace?

          RYOKO B:  Will you just leave, already?

     Washu smiles and makes a little wave.

          WASHU:  I'm going.  I'm going.

     Ryoko B groans, melodramatically.

          RYOKO B:  Finally.  I thought they'd never leave.
Well?

          TENCHI:  Huh?

     Ryoko B leans close and whispers in his ear.  Tenchi
turns red and his nose starts to bleed.  He hurriedly wipes
it.

          TENCHI:  (very nervous)  Oh boy.  This is pretty
sudden, don't you think?

     Ryoko B chuckles for a moment, then considers.

          RYOKO B:  It's only natural for people who are in
love, isn't it?  Don't you want to?

          TENCHI:  I don't know.  You're pushing it too
fast.

     CU. RYOKO B

     Folds her arms in disgust.

          RYOKO B:  Too fast?  What does timing have to do
with anything?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (chuckles grimly)  There's a time for
everything.  I just don't think this is the right time.

     ROOM

          RYOKO B:  I've done nothing scary.  I've been so
nice all day.  I haven't insulted you, have I?

          TENCHI:  No.  You've been wonderful.

          RYOKO B:  It's not the hair, is it?  That Washu
and her stupid machine.  That vent was designed to hit me in
the face, I think.

          TENCHI:  (sigh)  No, I like your hair like that.
I like how shy and vulnerable it makes you look.

          RYOKO B:  (groaning)  Then why?  What's the matter
with me?

     CU. TENCHI

     He puts his arm around her and considers.

          TENCHI:  It isn't what you think, Ryoko.  I'm just
unsure, that's all.

75   EXT. FORESTED HILL

     The trees sway gently in an early evening breeze.
Ryoko A sits in a high branch, holding a flower.  She looks
down and sighs.

     CU. RYOKO A

     Narrows her eyes in anger.

76   INT. MAIN HALL (near TV)

     Yosho and Mihoshi are playing a video game.

          MIHOSHI:  (gasping)  Hey!  You got behind my
guard!

          YOSHO:  Yes--surprising.  I'm not even sure how I
did that.

     Washu slowly enters the room, pondering.  Yosho starts
to smile as Mihoshi gapes.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh!  No way!  That is so wrong!

          YOSHO:  You know, I'm starting to like this game.

          MIHOSHI:  Forget this!  This isn't fun anymore!

     Mihoshi stands and angrily limps out of the room.
Yosho stands and starts to chuckle.  Washu looks up, a
little amused.

          WASHU:  Getting a laugh out of Mihoshi is like
shooting fish in a barrel.

          YOSHO:  Yes, but it's more fun than a serious
conversation.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (suddenly serious)  Aren't you worried
about Tenchi?

     MAIN HALL

     Yosho merely shrugs and leaves the room.

77   INT. COZY ROOM

     Ryoko B and Tenchi are staring at each other.  Tenchi
starts to smile, and Ryoko B starts to laugh.

          TENCHI:  This is so silly.

          RYOKO B:  It is.  I think I know something we
could do.  Let's play a game.

          TENCHI:  What do you want to play?

          RYOKO B:  Hmm...  I don't know.  You choose the
game.  I'll decide the scenario.

          TENCHI:  Okay.  How about chess?

          RYOKO B:  (scowling)  Oh, forget that.

          TENCHI:  Hmm...  Well, what about pretend?

     CU. RYOKO B

          RYOKO B:  How do you play that?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  You just pick characters out of a story
you like and pretend to be them.  Like Bonnie and Clyde.

     ROOM

     Ryoko B considers for a moment.

          RYOKO B:  I don't like that story.  I think I
understand, though.  It's like living in an imaginary world.

          TENCHI:  Yeah...  I think so.

          RYOKO B:  Okay.  How about we play Aladdin and the
genie.  Oh!  This is perfect.  I make a great genie.  I can
float around and shoot lightning and go through walls.  I
have a feeling you'd make a great Aladdin.

          TENCHI:  Okay.  That sounds good to me.  Where do
we begin?

     CU. RYOKO B

     Warms up to her story.

          RYOKO B:  You--Aladdin--find this bottle and open
it.  I pop out in a puff of smoke--a genie of dazzling power
and beauty.  I say, 'Fear not, mortal man!  I am the genie
of this bottle, and you have freed me from my prison.  Now,
you are my master, and I will grant to you three wishes.
You may have anything you desire that is within my power,
but I should warn you to choose wisely.  If you do not
choose wisely, I will become angry and grant your wish in a
way that inflicts some clever torture.'

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (amused)  That sounds good.  Okay.  I
say, 'Oh powerful genie, I am but a lowly Arabian rascal.
How could I possibly choose three things with such wisdom?
As it is, I am forced to wander the streets, cutting purses
for food.  I am certainly not worthy of such great and
mighty deeds.'

     ROOM

          RYOKO B:  'Well, certainly there are things you
desire.  Looking at you, master, I am filled with a profound
desire of my own.  I can tell by the look in your eyes that
you wish for the same thing.  If you do not wish for great
wealth or great power, then perhaps you wish for great
pleasure.'

          TENCHI:  'Oh yes.  It is true.  I do wish for such
things.  But, alas, I am filled with such reluctance.'

          RYOKO B:  'Why?  What do you mean?'

          TENCHI:  'Well, if I wish for the pleasures you
speak of, I will later be filled with great emptiness
afterward.  You are a genie, bound to the bottle.  After the
three wishes, you will never serve me again.  If I do not, I
will be filled with great regret afterward.  I am torn.'

          RYOKO B:  'The choice is obvious, my master.  The
regret you would feel is far worse than any emptiness you
might experience.'

          TENCHI:  'But how can I know for sure until I make
my choice?  If I choose incorrectly, I would regret it,
either way.'

     CU. RYOKO B

     Scowls in frustration.

          RYOKO B:  'Clearly, we are at an impasse.'

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (pondering)  'Well...  You did say that I
have three wishes?'

     ROOM

          RYOKO B:  'Yes, three.'

          TENCHI:  'Then, I should choose a compromise.
Each successive wish should be more profound than the last.
At the end, surely, we can be satisfied with the result.'

          RYOKO B:  'What are you saying, my master?'

          TENCHI:  'Well, I think the first wish should be
for something simple.  Yes.  For my first wish, I would like
for us to dance.'

          RYOKO B:  Dance?  That's a wish?

          TENCHI:  Hey--it's just a game, remember?

78   INT. AYEKA'S BEDROOM

     Ayeka sitting with a notebook, writing.  The door opens
and Washu looks in.

          WASHU:  Oh, hey Ayeka.  Have you seen Sasami?

          AYEKA:  (turning)  No, I think she's playing.

     CU. WASHU

     Turns to leave again.

     BEDROOM

     Ayeka gets up and goes to door.

          AYEKA:  Washu!  Is there something wrong?

79   INT. HALLWAY

     Washu stops and looks around.

          WASHU:  Wrong?  What do you mean?

          AYEKA:  Is Ryoko going to be well again?

          WASHU:  Oh, that.  I'm not sure, at this point.
I'll let you know tomorrow, if you like.

     Washu continues down the hallway.

80   INT. LIBRARY

     Mihoshi is sitting, coloring in a book.  She goes
through some other colors and continues coloring.  Washu
appears, considers for a moment, then goes to look at the
book.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     She is deeply engrossed in her work.  She looks up and
puts the book away.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh!  Hello, Little Washu.  I was uh...
just reading.

     CU. WASHU

     Tries to restrain a smirk.

          WASHU:  Have you seen Sasami?

     LIBRARY

     Washu looks casually disinterested.

          MIHOSHI:  Isn't she with Ayeka?

          WASHU:  (sigh)  I guess I'll just decide myself.

          MIHOSHI:  Huh?  What about?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (a little irritated)  If you must know,
I'm planning to take a little vacation.  I'm just wondering
what the best destination would be.  There must be somewhere
on Earth that's still mysterious and uncharted.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  (disappointed)  Oh.  So, you're giving
up on Ryoko?

     LIBRARY

     Washu flares a bit of anger.

          WASHU:  I haven't given up on anything!  I'm still
the top genius scientist...  Oh, forget it!  (softly)  Who
am I kidding?  I couldn't count the contents of two empty
bags.

     CU. WASHU

     She slumps into a sitting position and buries her face
in her arms.

          WASHU:  I'm such a fraud.  All I do is take other
people's work and put it together some other way.  I don't
really invent anything.  I've never discovered anything
important, and I still have no idea how the universe really
works.  I finally get one thing I should be able to
accomplish with a snap of my fingers and it just stands
there, sticking its tongue right back at me, mocking me.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  (considering)  Yeah.  Everything is like
that for me.  You're lucky.

     LIBRARY

     Washu groans and looks up, pleadingly.

          WASHU:  Look at me!  I'm reduced to a pathetic
sham, looking for sympathy from a nitwit!

     CU. MIHOSHI

     She gapes and looks slightly thoughtful.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh, it's not that bad.  Whenever I get
stumped, I always just go back and start again.  It's all at
the beginning, you know.

     LIBRARY

     Mihoshi looks calmly vacant as she ponders.

          WASHU:  What on Earth are you talking about?

          MIHOSHI:  You know!  Just go back and look again.
Whenever I investigate something, I always look at where
everyone was when everything started.  It's usually pretty
simple.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (resigned)  That's got to be the stupidest
thing I've ever heard.  Why do I ever listen to you,
Mihoshi?

     LIBRARY

     Washu gets up and stalks from the room.

81   INT. COZY ROOM

     Ryoko B smiles at Tenchi.  They are dancing close, and
soft music floats through the room.

          RYOKO B:  I think I'm starting to like this...

     Tenchi starts to smile.  He scowls, suddenly.

          TENCHI:  Ow!  Damn!

     Tenchi hops over to the sofa and sits, rubbing his
foot.

          RYOKO B:  (sighing)  I'm sorry, Tenchi.  I guess
I'm just not the romantic type.  I've never done anything
like this before.

          TENCHI:  It's okay.  It's never been such a
pleasure to have my foot stepped on, before.

     Ryoko B sits next to him.  She snaps her fingers, and
the music fades out.

          RYOKO B:  Was it everything you thought it would
be?  It was a nice wish, actually.

          TENCHI:  I'm not exactly the romantic type,
either.  I wish I could think of something a little more
appropriate.

          RYOKO B:  That isn't your next wish, is it?

          TENCHI:  (amused)  I was just speaking
figuratively.  Anyway, I don't know if you have that power.

          RYOKO B:  You'll never know till you ask.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Well, if you're interested, I have
thought of my next wish.  (clearing his throat)--

     CU. RYOKO B

          RYOKO B:  (softly)  Not so fast.  'I know you are
eager to prove that you can impress me, but I should just
reiterate that there are only these two wishes left.  Now,
normally, I would be very understanding and be glad to grant
you whatever your heart desires, but I feel I should inform
you that I am no ordinary genie.  I can make many wonderous
arts of pleasure that mere mortals can only dream of.  The
pathetic musings of simple perverts are of no interest to
me.  I laugh at such childish and empty-minded things as the
_Kama Sutra_ or the feeble lack of imagination in _The
Decameron_.  I warn you not to overlook the most obvious
choice.  Now, you may continue.'

     CU. TENCHI

     Nervously considers.

          TENCHI:  Okay...

     ROOM

          TENCHI:  'In that case, I shall have to agree.
However, I think I should warn you that what I now have in
mind is no simple task.  I may strain the limits of your
powers, and leave you exhausted after many hours of intense
exchange.'

          RYOKO B:  (a little shocked)  You're kidding,
right?

          TENCHI:  No way.  I never kid about anything this
serious.  'I see now, you look reluctant, but I am resolved.
I don't feel it would be honorable for me to settle for
anything less.  I'm ready to make my next wish.'

          RYOKO B:  (nervous)  'All right.  Your wish is my
command.'

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (steady)  'I wish to know everything
about you.  Start at the beginning, and don't leave anything
out.'

     CU. RYOKO B

     A classic face-fault gag.

          RYOKO B:  What!?

82   INT. FORTRESS ENTRANCE HALLWAY

     Washu and Sasami are considering an image.

          WASHU:  (thoughtful)  I think this one was from
when she started admitting to her use of certain perfumes.
She was always too terribly proud to admit it, before.

     The image is one of Ryo-Ohki, looking very sad and
subdued.

          SASAMI:  It's strange.  It makes me feel very cold
and empty inside.

          WASHU:  I hate to use this word, but I think it
was actually cathartic.

          SASAMI:  What's that?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (irritated)  Just a bit of hubris.

     CU. SASAMI

     Looks even more confused.

     HALLWAY

     Washu goes to a pedestal and takes a statuette.  She
turns and shows it to Sasami.

     CU. SASAMI

     Looks very impressed.

          WASHU:  (OC)  When she showed this one to me, I
remember it was quite a breakthrough.  I saw a twinkle in
her eyes that made me remember how I created her.  This was
probably the proudest moment of my life.  I sure wish I
could recapture that feeling right now...

          SASAMI:  (wistfully)  It's so lifelike...

     CU. STATUETTE

     It is a little Tenchi with his arms crossed, looking as
if he is about to deliver some gentle remonstration.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  I think you should have this, Sasami.  I
have always liked this one in particular, and it always
reminds me of our little talks.  Anyway, I don't think it'll
last long here.

     HALLWAY

     Sasami looks up, nervous and thoughtful.

          SASAMI:  What do you mean?  Is the fortress full
of monsters or something?

          WASHU:  I have a feeling it soon will be.  Keep
that hidden, Sasami.  Don't let anyone know you have it--

          SASAMI:  Not even Ayeka?

          WASHU:  Especially not Ayeka.

     Sasami puts the statuette in a pocket, just as Ryoko A
appears.

     CU. RYOKO A

          RYOKO A:  (annoyed)  What are you two doing here?

     HALLWAY

     Sasami looks around as Washu thoughtfully rubs her
chin.

          WASHU:  Just considering a nice place for a
vacation.  We thought a little jog through the memories
would stir up some ideas.

     Ryoko A scowls and grabs Washu by the front.

          RYOKO A:  Washu!  You're thinking about a
vacation?!  What about me?  I'm still in pieces, you know.

          WASHU:  (calm)  It's no use getting upset, Ryoko!
Don't worry, I haven't forgotten about dear old Daughter.
I'm just trying to clear my mind.

          SASAMI:  Ryoko!  Why are you doing this?  Washu
can't help you if you keep treating her like this.

          RYOKO A:  (to Sasami, vicious)  Stay out of this!
(back to Washu)  I've had it with all your fumbling around!
Oh!  This is so humiliating!

     Ryoko A lets Washu go and starts to stalk away.  Washu
straightens her dress as Sasami sadly narrows her eyes after
Ryoko A.

          WASHU:  (a bit mockingly)  Yeah, enough fumbling
around.  Whatever you say, Ryoko.  (sullen)  But, you know,
I might not be able to put you back together again.  You
ever think about that?

     Washu takes Sasami by the hand.

          WASHU:  Let's go, Sasami.

     CU. RYOKO A

     Looks a little remorseful and then snarls.

83   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Night sky, tilting down to house.

84   EXT. AYEKA'S ROOM

     A window to Ayeka's room--Sasami looking out, a lit
candle next to her.  She closes her eyes briefly and sighs.

85   INT. AYEKA'S ROOM

     Sasami looks away from the window, down at Ayeka--who
is asleep.

     CU. SASAMI

     Sasami holds the statuette, considerately.

     CU. AYEKA

     Opens her eyes.

          AYEKA:  Sasami?  Why are you still up?  Go back to
sleep.  (she turns over)

     CU. SASAMI

     She smiles and blows out the candle.

86   INT. COZY ROOM

     Tenchi ponders.

          TENCHI:  That's really strange.  I mean, the way
you tell it, it sounded like you were really going to kill
me.

     CU. RYOKO B

          RYOKO B:  (a little flustered)  I don't remember
it that well.

     ROOM

     He suddenly brightens.

          TENCHI:  Well, you obviously couldn't do it.
Lucky me, huh?

          RYOKO B:  Yeah.  This has been really fun, but I'm
starting to get tired.  You mind if we call it a night?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Maybe we'll finish this later.  Aladdin's
starting to get tired too.

87   INT. TENCHI'S BEDROOM

     Tenchi and Ryoko B enter.  Tenchi sits on the bed,
yawning.  He touches hands with Ryoko B, briefly, as she
leaves.

88   EXT. FIELD BY A LAKE

     Just before dawn.  Washu enters, Ryo-Ohki on her
shoulder.  She looks upward and considers.

          WASHU:  (softly)  Ryoko!  (mournfully)  Why are
you doing this to me?

89   EXT. SMALL HILL BY THE LAKE

     Tenchi and Ryoko B are sitting side-by-side, facing the
sunrise.  They look expectantly.  Tenchi smiles and Ryoko B
puts an arm around him.

          RYOKO B:  (casually)  You still have one wish
left, you know.

          TENCHI:  I'm not sure I could do better than this.

     They both laugh, giddy with pleasure.

90   EXT. FIELD BY A LAKE

     Washu looks down and sighs.

          WASHU:  I must be desperate.  Mihoshi is actually
starting to make sense.

91   INT. FORTRESS LARGE CHAMBER

     Ryoko A is sitting at the table, a half-empty cup of
sake on the table.  She is sitting, staring off into space.
Behind her, Washu approaches.

          WASHU:  No need to get up, Ryoko.  I think I might
have figured out a way to solve your little problem.

     Ryoko A turns and glares.

          WASHU:  The problem is, I can't rely on
established techniques because no one has ever fully
developed a treatment.  I don't normally rely on methods
that are this barbaric, but I think it'll be effective.

     Ryoko A looks aside at Ryoko B and Tenchi, and frowns.

          RYOKO A:  What are they doing here?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (pitiless)  I'm too tired to play games,
Ryoko.  We're going to get to the cause, and I'm sure Tenchi
has something to do with it.  I can't think of anything else
that connects your pathology with any traceable factor, and
I'm certain you're hiding something about him from me.

     CHAMBER (near Washu)

     Ryoko B and Tenchi approach, hand-in-hand.

          RYOKO B:  (nervous)  How could I be hiding
something, Washu?  You can always read my memories.  You've
scanned us both a dozen times with your machines.

          TENCHI:  There must be a limit to how much Washu
can read, Ryoko.  It isn't like picking up a book, you know.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (appreciative)  Exactly, Tenchi.  But I
think Ryoko has a good point, too.  Nothing should escape my
attention.  I let some things go as a matter of principle,
but I am not limited by anything Ryoko can physically
control.

     CU. RYOKO A

     Looks back at Washu.

          RYOKO A:  (wryly amused)  Oh yeah?  Try reading my
mind now, Mom.

     CU. WASHU

     Shudders and scowls in anger.

     CHAMBER (near table)

     Ryoko B flares in anger and teleports next to Ryoko A.

          RYOKO B:  Hey!  You have no right to treat her
like that!  She's trying to help us!

     CU. RYOKO A

     She grimaces and turns away.

          RYOKO A:  Get off me!  Don't you have some
cuddling or something to do?

     CU. WASHU

     Rolls her eyes.

          WASHU:  (to herself)  Gee, how did I know this
would happen?

     CU. TENCHI

     Shocked and concerned.

          TENCHI:  Ryoko!  Stop it!  Little Washu, can't you
make them stop!

     CU. WASHU

     Grimly averts her eyes.

          WASHU:  I won't waste my energy.  I'm going to
need all I can muster just to protect you, you know.

92   INT. LARGE CHAMBER

     The room bursts to bright white.  A low thud goes
through the air, and the room dims.  Suddenly, two spheres
of debris appear and drop to the ground.  Another sphere
appears around Washu and Tenchi, and they float up above the
scene.  Ashes float all around, and piles of broken crystal
fall all around the walls of the room.  The table wobbles
and collapses.

     CHAMBER (near Washu)

     Washu studiously observes as Tenchi looks on.

          WASHU:  That's amazing.  How can they do that?

     CHAMBER (near Ryokos)

     Ryoko A fires a laser blast at Ryoko B--who deflects it
with another blast.

     CU. RYOKO A

     Delivers a vicious kick.

     CHAMBER (near Ryokos)

     Ryoko B spins away.

     CU. RYOKO A

     Yells, preparing a punch.

     CU. RYOKO B

     Takes a huge blow to the stomach.

     CHAMBER

     Ryoko B goes tumbling across the room into the hallway.

93   INT. HALLWAY

     Ryoko A delivers a kick to Ryoko B.  Ryoko B is prone
on the ground, but manages to block it.

     CU. RYOKO A

     Makes a massive charge-up.

     CU. RYOKO B

     Wide-eyed with horror.

     HALLWAY

     Tenchi and Washu float over behind them.

          WASHU:  I'm glad I'm wearing sunblock, right now.

          TENCHI:  (nearly overwhelmed)  This is suicide.

          WASHU:  Possibly.

     CU. RYOKO A

     Narrows her eyes and yells.

     HALLWAY

     A huge blast goes over Ryoko B by a good three feet.
Ryoko B looks around, nervously.  A cloud of debris floats
through the hallway.

     CU. RYOKO A

          RYOKO A:  (chuckling)  No more pretty pictures...

     CU. RYOKO B

          RYOKO B:  (stunned and appalled)  Why you...

     HALLWAY

     Tenchi looks down as Washu suddenly gestures.

          WASHU:  Here we go.

     The sphere exits again.

     CU. RYOKO B

     Gets up and prepares a huge take-back.  She uncoils
her whole body into a mammoth punch.

94   INT. LARGE CHAMBER

     Ryoko A goes flying backward through the room.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (disgusted)  Why are they fighting?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (thoughtful)  Because they're angry.  What
more reason does anyone need?  Hello?  What's this?

     CHAMBER (near Ryokos)

     Ryoko A and B exchange punches.  They stagger across
the room.  Follow over to side, where an indistinct figure
appears, out-of-focus.  Focus-in to reveal another
Ryoko--Ryoko C.

     CU. RYOKO C

     Very nervous.

     CHAMBER (near Ryoko A and B)

     Ryoko A and B choke each other.  Washu and Tenchi float
over next to them.

          WASHU:  (gesturing casually)  Before you destroy
yourself, you might want to take one last look--over there.

     They gradually look around.

     CU. RYOKO C

     Nervously floats up over behind Washu.  She grabs
Washu's shoulders and holds Washu between herself and the
other Ryokos.

     CHAMBER

     Ryoko A and B reluctantly let each other go.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (sighing deeply)  Dominant, recessive,
meet repressed.  I presume you've already met, though.

     CHAMBER

     Ryoko A and B glare back at each other.

          RYOKO A:  This doesn't change anything.

          RYOKO B:  There's only one way to settle this.

     CU. RYOKO A

     Gritting her teeth in anger.

          RYOKO A:  You took my Tenchi, you slut!

     CU. RYOKO B

     Weeping in frustration.

          RYOKO B:  You destroyed my work, you bitch!

     CHAMBER

     They yell and go right back to choking each other.

     CU. TENCHI

     Stunned nearly beyond words.

          TENCHI:  This is too bizarre.  I must be having a
nightmare.  Why can't I wake up?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Oh, well.  A mother's work is never done.
Hey!  What are you doing?

     CHAMBER

     Ryoko C floats down to the other two, and stands
between them.  She calmly puts a hand on either one and
pushes them apart.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Hey!  I was just about to do that.
That'll do, though.

95   INT. MAIN HALL

     Noboyuki is reading a paper.  Yosho enters, holding a
cup of coffee.

          NOBOYUKI:  Did we just have another earthquake
this morning?

          YOSHO:  Hmm...  No.  I think it's just another
family reunion.

96   INT. LARGE CHAMBER

     Ryoko C is floating between Ryoko A and B.  They are
still trembling with emotion.  Washu approaches as Tenchi
stands back.

          WASHU:  Well, now that you've blown off some
steam, I can continue.  Where did I leave off?  Oh yeah, I
was just about to investigate what you're hiding from me.  I
know something happened right before you split up.  I think
I should begin this procedure.

     CU. TENCHI

     Rubs his head nervously.  He grits his teeth and looks
down.

     CHAMBER

     Washu approaches the Ryokos.  She takes a small, shiny
cylinder out of a pocket and twists it.  The cylinder begins
to pulse very slowly.

     CU. WASHU

     Stares intently.

          WASHU:  Before I do anything really drastic, we're
going to play a little game I call 'Guess my temperature.'
It's really very simple.  Just look at this light in my
hands and tell me whether you think it's hot or cold.  If
you guess right, we move on to the next question.

     CHAMBER

     Ryoko C snaps her eyes shut.  Ryoko B scowls and Ryoko
A smiles.

          RYOKO A:  I'm game.

          RYOKO B:  I don't see what a light has to do with
other senses...

     CU. WASHU

     Still staring intently.  The light begins to pulse a
bit more rapidly.

          WASHU:  Everything is light, Ryoko.  It is a
reflection of your self.  The question really is, do you
feel hot or cold?

     CU. RYOKO B

     Shakes her head.

          RYOKO B:  No.  That doesn't even make any sense.
What is that light doing?

     CU. RYOKO A

     She folds her arms and snorts.

     CU. WASHU

     Smiles gently.

          WASHU:  It's a very simple question.  What do you
really think, Ryoko?

     CU. RYOKO B

          RYOKO B:  You know, this is strange, but I
suddenly feel very--

     She snaps her eyes shut.

     CU. RYOKO A

     Looks around at the others in disbelief.

          RYOKO A:  Washu, your tricks won't work on me.  I
know what that light is.

     CU. WASHU

     She puts the cylinder away.

          WASHU:  (softly)  Well, two out of three isn't
bad.

97   INT. LARGE CHAMBER

     Tenchi approaches.

          WASHU:  Let's go over the night before, shall we?
Now, you entered Tenchi's room, he woke up and you left.  Am
I correct so far?

          RYOKO B:  (sleepily)  Yes.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (considering)  What happened between when
he woke up and when you left?

     CU. RYOKO B

     Still apparently asleep.

          RYOKO B:  Nothing.

     CHAMBER

     Tenchi approaches thoughtfully, as Washu slowly frowns.

          WASHU:  Nothing?  Something must have happened.
Why did you leave?

          RYOKO B:  Because he woke up.

          WASHU:  How did you know he was awake?

          RYOKO B:  Because he was sitting up.

          WASHU:  Why was he sitting up?

          RYOKO B:  He was awake--

          WASHU:  How did you know he was awake?

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO A:  (scowling)  Oh, for heaven's sake!  I
woke him up!  I don't remember how.

     CU. WASHU

     Narrows her eyes.

          WASHU:  Why can't you remember?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Don't you remember the dream?

     CU. RYOKO C

     Her eyes snap open and she starts to tremble.

     CHAMBER

          WASHU:  You imprinted him?  How did you learn
that?

          RYOKO A:  I didn't do any such thing.  You're
lying!

          RYOKO B:  What is imprinting?  What's going on?
Is this one of your tricks?

          WASHU:  (softly)  The extrapolations--  (groaning)
Of course, it invariably leads to traumatic discoveries.
How could I be so stupid?

     CU. WASHU

     Becoming very angry.

          WASHU:  How are you able to hide this from me?!
Who taught you how to do this?

     CHAMBER

     Tenchi stands next to Washu.  He frowns and looks
around at Washu.

          TENCHI:  Little Washu, don't you see?  The dream
somehow triggered a vision.  Then she buried the whole thing
in my subconscious.  That's why she can't remember.

          WASHU:  (startled)  That's crazy!  You aren't
linked to Ryoko.  Only a strong telepathic link could
facilitate what you're talking about.

          TENCHI:  But it's the only explanation--

          WASHU:  Anyway, it doesn't matter.  Your mind
can't generate those high-order extrapolations.  The source
of the interference has to be a mind of terrific energy.

          TENCHI:  I see...

     Tenchi slowly approaches Ryoko C.

          TENCHI:  I think I know what happened.  You saw a
vision of your own death.  The shock split your sense of
identity.

     Washu narrows her eyes, pondering.

          WASHU:  (softly)  Well, that's close.  Not quite
correct, though.

     CU. RYOKO C

     Holds out her hand inexplicably.

          RYOKO C:  I saw a vision of your death.  I can't
stop it.  It always comes true, you know.

     CHAMBER

     Tenchi reaches out to Ryoko C.  Just before he can
touch her, she disappears.

     CU. TENCHI

     He slowly looks down, then up.

     CHAMBER

     Ryoko floats above Washu and Tenchi.

          RYOKO:  (terrified)  It's not going to happen.  I
know now.  I won't let it.

     She vanishes, and the others slowly look down again.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Damn!  From now on, I'm collecting
butterflies.  Forget this science stuff!  After I get back,
I'm going to be the top genius butterfly-collector in the
universe.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (looking around)  Get back?  Where are
you going?

98   EXT. NEAR STRANGE CAVE

     Tenchi and Washu stand just outside the entrance.
Washu is holding a couple of bags and wearing a hat.

          WASHU:  Tenchi, I'm going to ancient Egypt.
Anything goes wrong, just let Mihoshi handle it.
(wistfully)  I always wondered how they built those
pyramids.

99   INT. KITCHEN

     Sasami prepares food at the cutting board in the
kitchen.  Ryo-Ohki is sitting on the counter, pawing at the
food.  Mihoshi enters, carrying a snack.

          SASAMI:  Get back, Ryo-Ohki, or I might not miss.
Oh, hey Mihoshi!  What's up?

          MIHOSHI:  Oh, nothing.  I just looked in on Ayeka.
She still looks pretty bad.  Have you seen Little Washu?

     CU. SASAMI

     Putting food into a pan on the stove.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi said she went on vacation.

     KITCHEN

     Mihoshi gapes as Sasami cooks.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh!  I guess she finished with Ryoko.

          SASAMI:  I sure hope so.

          MIHOSHI:  At least things seemed to have worked
out.  (sighing)  Can I ask you something, Sasami?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (casual)  Sure, go ahead.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  (remorseful)  Do you think it was a
mistake?  I mean, my plan.  Ayeka is really in a bad way,
now.  I just feel terrible.

     KITCHEN

     Sasami continues cooking and smiles.

          SASAMI:  It's okay, Mihoshi.  Ayeka really needed
to open up, anyway.  I'm so impressed with her.  I think
she'll be fine.

     CU MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Oh!  What a relief!  Thank you, Sasami.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  It was nothing, Mihoshi.  Just don't tell
anyone about it, okay?

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Oops...

100  EXT. TOWN CENTER WALKWAY

     Tenchi goes up the walkway and enters through a front
door, a small bag in one hand.

101  INT. TOWN JAIL

     Hiroshi is sitting in a jail cell.  Tenchi enters,
still carrying the bag.

          HIROSHI:  Oh, hey!  It's Tenchi!  Hey, man!

          TENCHI:  Hey, Hiroshi.  I brought you a snack.

     CU. HIROSHI

     He takes the bag.

          HIROSHI:  That's thoughtful.

     CU. TENCHI

     Stands just outside the bars.

          TENCHI:  I figured you'd be bored, so I put in a
couple books for you.

     ROOM

          HIROSHI:  Great.  You're a swell guy, Tenchi.

          TENCHI:  Uh...  I was wondering, Hiroshi...  How
did this happen?  How did you end up here?

          HIROSHI:  Huh?  Just a freakin' punk whose face I
smeared on the pavement.  No big deal.  Naturally, they had
a swarm of cops to haul me in.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (frowning)  It was pretty bad, huh?

     CU. HIROSHI

          HIROSHI:  (grinning)  Nah!  They just make you
sweat till you talk, then throw you in a little room with
psychotic degenerates.  The clock ticks.  No babes.  Damn,
Tenchi.  You gotta get me out of here!

     ROOM

     Tenchi sighs as Hiroshi considers.

          HIROSHI:  Yeah, I know.  Every guy in here says
that, but it's so true.  I really hate it.  I learned my
lesson, man.

          TENCHI:  Your father said he could do something
after the hearing, but...

     CU. HIROSHI

          HIROSHI:  It's okay, Tenchi.  It's just time.  I
thought I was bored before.  Forget about it!  This place
has them all beat.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Take it easy, Hiroshi.  Don't get
yourself killed.

     ROOM

     Tenchi starts to leave.

          HIROSHI:  (chuckling)  Same to you, Tenchi!  You
watch yourself!

102  EXT. ROAD

     A road, curving off through the forest.

103  EXT. BUS-STOP

     Tenchi is sitting at a bench, writing.

          TENCHI:  (VO)  Okay, you might think it's all back
to normal, but you don't just stop being in love with
someone.  My problem was I couldn't resolve how I felt with
what happened to Ryoko.  It was like she was suddenly hiding
behind someone else.  She was avoiding me, but I wasn't sure
why until I caught up with her one day.

104  EXT. PATH

     A path through the forest.  Tenchi walks along the
path.

          RYOKO:  (OC)  Hey, Tenchi!  Come up here!

105  EXT. A SMALL HILL

     Ryoko sits on top of the hill, holding a small artist's
notebook and a pen.  She gestures with a baseball cap, and
then puts it on.

     CU. TENCHI

     Climbs up over a little rise.  He looks up.

     HILL TOP

     Ryoko adjusts a pair of glasses on her face and shows
off a sketch to Tenchi.  Tenchi considers.

     CU. RYOKO

     She smiles as she considers Tenchi's reaction.  She
frowns and takes the notebook again.

          RYOKO:  Yeah, I stink.  It just isn't the same
without Washu helping me.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  I thought it was okay...  It could use
some work.

     HILL TOP

     Tenchi goes to sit next to Ryoko.

          RYOKO:  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Just save it.  I'll
never be an artist.

          TENCHI:  What's with the glasses?

          RYOKO:  Huh?  Oh!  (taking off the glasses)  I was
getting desperate, so I thought I'd try anything.  It
doesn't seem to be working.

          TENCHI:  You can't always count on luck, huh?

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (frowning)  Actually, I was trying
recapture a part of who I was.

     CU. TENCHI

     Nervously scratches his head.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Weird, huh?

     HILL TOP

     Tenchi looks up and considers.

          TENCHI:  Not really.  We were meant for each
other, I think.

     Ryoko narrows her eyes, dangerously.

          RYOKO:  (mockingly)  Oh, it's obvious?

     Tenchi looks a little embarrassed.

          TENCHI:  Sorry.  I forgot you were on both sides
of that one.

          RYOKO:  (annoyed)  I wish it were that simple.

          TENCHI:  What do you mean?

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (grim)  What's obvious is that we aren't
meant for each other.  I don't know what love is, and
neither do you.  I'm trying to learn, but the best we could
do is play some silly game of pretend.  I want us to be
real, you know?  Not make-believe.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  What's wrong with a little make-believe?
Isn't that how you learn?

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  No, it isn't.  (groaning)  Oh!  This makes
me so mad!

     HILL TOP

     Ryoko stands, fuming to herself.

          RYOKO:  Sometimes, Tenchi, I think you're
completely crazy.  You realize what might have happened?

     Tenchi stands, consoling.

          TENCHI:  Hey, don't get upset.  Whatever may have
happened, my feelings didn't change.

     She ponders for a moment, then smiles.

          RYOKO:  Exactly.  You're still in love with the
person I want to be.

          TENCHI:  Huh?  Oh.  (smiling)  It's pretty
upsetting, I suppose.

          RYOKO:  (casual)  No, just confusing.  I've never
been so happy and angry at the same time before.

          TENCHI:  You're right.  I'm lost again.  Are we in
love, or not?

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (sigh)  Just forget it.  I told you this
thing had disaster written all over it.

THE END

[See the AFS Series for the continuation of the story-line.
'Dream of Futility' continues!]


