
Author:   Mike Fenton <mpfenton@hotmail.com>
Title:    DYING FOR A LAUGH (prologue)
Notes:    Regular (OVA), exposition and script
Summary:  Third trilogy in the 'Dream of Futility' saga.

[Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are the
property of AIC and Pioneer LDC, Inc. and was created by
Masaki Kajishima.  This story comes entirely from my
imagination, and is strictly intended to be apocryphal--so
please don't sue me.]

PREVIEW:

Time for the coup de grace--the swan song of this whole
black comedy.  This story has been condemned and sentenced
to a proper execution:  an overdose of poisonous humor.

Speaking of death, it's time to linger on those rascals who
fly the old skull and crossbones--the pirates.  They want to
write everyone's obituary in this story, but they'll have
more than enough plots to fill.

If you're in the mood to do away with some lethal boredom,
don't commit seppuku!  Just rub out those blues with a
little brain-dead trilogy ominously titled...

DYING FOR A LAUGH:

1  DYING FOR A PIECE OF THE ACTION

   Jurai has fallen, and pirates are taking over.  What can
they do but stop a complete galactic meltdown?  It's going
to be a fight to the finish.

2  DYING FOR A LITTLE INTRIGUE

   Pirates control Jurai, but who controls the pirates?  No
one seems to know what's really going on, and big trouble is
looming for Tenchi and his friends.

3  DYING FOR AN EXPLANATION

   Big questions have yet to be answered, as the day
approaches when everything comes together.  The danger hangs
heavy in the air as secrets are about to be revealed.

***

PROLOGUE:  (A Discourse in Psychology)

1    TITLE:

     "There are four major stages of mental trauma:"

     "1.  Shock"

2    EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     The house embraces the side of a hill, basking in snowy
sunlight.  A figure in elaborate dress goes to the house and
enters.

3    INT. MAIN HALL

     Ayeka is sitting across from Yosho at the dining table.
She carefully stands and presents a bottle of wine.

          AYEKA:  (softly)  Please excuse this petty little
gift.

     She bows, properly, while sliding it forward.

          YOSHO:  (indulgently)  Ah, yes.  It looks like a
nice amoroso.  Thank you very much.  Please, have a seat and
share some tea.

     Yosho pours some tea.  Ayeka returns to her cushion.

          AYEKA:  Let us partake.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  Yes.  (winking)  A votre sante.

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Ayeka takes a few sips, while Yosho ponders.

          YOSHO:  I noticed that you returned alone.  You
appear to be well, but I wonder about the others.  How are
Little Washu and Ryoko?  Did you find Tenchi?

          AYEKA:  They are quite all right, my brother.  You
need not worry about them.

          YOSHO:  Are you sure?  No disrespect, but it is
rather strange to see you arrive here without their company.

     CU. AYEKA

     She ponders and frowns, thoughtfully.

          AYEKA:  Yes.  Certainly.  I couldn't help but
notice that you failed to mention Sasami.  You didn't happen
to see her, did you?

     CU. YOSHO

     He takes a moment to ponder, carefully.

          YOSHO:  No.  Actually, I was just about to ask if
you had seen her.  I assume you have not.

     MAIN HALL (table)

          AYEKA:  Well, if it's all the same, I assume that
your indifference has possibly offended her.

          YOSHO:  You mean, she has run away and I am to
blame?  How could that be?

          AYEKA:  Yosho, my brother, please.  Don't be coy
with me.  You know how she perceives you.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  (a little nervous)  What do you mean by
that?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Oh, you know...  How she looks up to you.
I dare say, there are times she even seems to revere you.
I, frankly, find the whole thing rather nauseating.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  (chuckling)  She looks up to me?  That
seems hard to believe.

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Ayeka takes another sip.

          AYEKA:  I agree.  It is terribly baffling, at
first glance.  Of course, you are elderly and a respected
member of this established community.  However deceptive you
may be, you are still the keeper of a shrine--a most worthy
enterprise, deserving of high esteem.  It is, perhaps, not
too difficult to understand.

          YOSHO:  You think Little Sister has run away
because she admires me?

          AYEKA:  (irritated)  Yes.  She obviously admires
you so much that she is offended by herself.  Her inability
to capture your attention has made her restless.  Of course,
I could be wrong.  I am guessing, after all.

          YOSHO:  (annoyed)  This is very distressing,
Ayeka.  Don't be flippant, at a time like this.  You should
show more concern.  She is your sister, after all.

     CU. AYEKA

     Feigning apologetic.

          AYEKA:  Do forgive me, brother.  After a long
voyage, I do tend to be rude, sometimes.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  It's all right.  I just wish that I knew
everyone was safe.  Right at the moment, I fear the worst.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  You think she might have been captured?
Oh, dear.  Yes.  She could, even now, be suffering in a
torture chamber, somewhere.  Imagine all the woes an enemy
could inflict on her.  You're right, my brother.  This is
very distressing.

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Yosho stands and returns with some more tea.  He pours
some for Ayeka and himself, again.

          YOSHO:  Are the others searching for her?  If she
is missing, then it would be best if we all were to search
for her.

          AYEKA:  Actually, my brother, I could not stand to
see their indifference.  I returned here, thinking she might
have been found on Earth.  Since you believe otherwise, I
can only assume that she has gone for good.  It would be
wise to conduct a search at the earliest opportunity, of
course.

     Yosho continues to stand, considering.

          YOSHO:  This is quite unlike Tenchi.  Why would he
not join in a search?  Is he so caught up in his work that
he would neglect Sasami?

          AYEKA:  Well, I wasn't going to mention this, but
I failed to find Lord Tenchi.  It seems that he was rather
preoccupied.  I wouldn't be surprised to discover that he
had been captured, as well.

          YOSHO:  Oh my--!  Ayeka!  How can you just sit
there?  Tenchi and Sasami are gone, and all you can do is
blather about who to blame?  I must say, I'm very
disappointed in you.  How am I going to explain all this?
You know I gave my word to Father that Tenchi would take
care of her.  Doesn't that mean anything to you?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (sighing)  There's no need to get all
worked up, my brother.  It's probably nothing.  In any case,
it would be a waste of time to worry.  I'm sure Tenchi and
Sasami can look after themselves quite well.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  (calming down)  I have my doubts about
that, but it seems reasonable.  Yes.  Let's just sit and
think about all this.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Very good.  I always say that one should
put reason ahead of action.  It prevents a lot of silly
misunderstandings.

     CU. YOSHO

     He frowns, darkly, as he sits.

          YOSHO:  Are you mocking me?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Me?  (chuckling)  I would never dare!  In
your own home, even!  (casual)  I was just agreeing with
you, my brother.  Your suggestion seemed to be most
reasonable.  Let's sit and think, indeed.

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Yosho scowls as he reaches around for a small package.
He slides it across the table to Ayeka.

          YOSHO:  Oh, that reminds me.  Some letters arrived
while you were gone.  I kept them for you.

     Ayeka looks at the package carefully, then opens it.
She looks through some of the letters and selects one.  She
then opens it and reads it.  Yosho fidgets, nervous and a
little upset.

          AYEKA:  (looking up)  Uh, excuse me for
overstaying.  I think I should probably go, now.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  (a little alarmed)  Oh, uh...  At least
stay for dinner.  No need to leave right away, is there?

     CU.  AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Well, I did just receive some urgent news.
I hate to be an inconvenience...

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  It's no inconvenience, Ayeka.  You know
that.  What's the news?

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Ayeka ponders for a moment, then sets the letters down.

          AYEKA:  Well, it seems that Tenchi and Sasami are
to be married.  That would certainly explain why they have
disappeared.

          YOSHO:  Married!?

          AYEKA:  Imagine that.  I didn't know you had given
Sasami your blessing...

          YOSHO:  I did not.  (reaching out)  Let me see
that.

     CU. YOSHO

     He glances at the envelope and gasps.

          YOSHO:  This is in your hand!

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (amused)  Really?

     CU. YOSHO

     He is speechless with shock.

4    TITLE:

     "2.  Rage"

5    INT. KIMIKO'S BEDROOM

     Sasami and Tenchi are lying together, faintly
illuminated by the glow of the red planet, hovering in the
window.  Sasami turns and sighs, running her fingers through
Tenchi's hair.

          SASAMI:  (softly)  How did I ever live without
you, my love?  I should have gone insane with loneliness
every waking moment, before.

     She kisses his cheek, and Tenchi murmurs, rolling over
on his side.  She looks up, lying straight again.  As she
looks up, she suddenly gasps.

     CU. RYOKO

     She suddenly appears, a glowing dagger in her hands and
a wild, hunted look in her eyes.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (shocked)  Ryoko?

     CU. RYOKO

     She looks down and scowls, raising the dagger.

          RYOKO:  (to Tenchi)  Hello there, lover boy.
(grim)  This time, I won't miss!

     She stabs down in a motion that is swift as a flowing
waterfall.

     CU. SASAMI

     She gasps and shrieks in terror.

6    EXT. OBSCURE ROOFTOP

     Ryoko awakens, trembling in fear and anger.

          RYOKO:  (softly)  Oh!  Damn!  (groaning)  I'm
going to kill him!  Damn him!

7    TITLE:

     "3.  Denial"

8    EXT. OBSCURE CANTINA

     The cantina is alight with patrons--a busy night.  The
sound of laughter and music can be heard from a distance.

9    INT. DINING HALL

     Washu and Sasami are sitting at a table with Kimiko.
Hikaru passes by, looking a little annoyed.

          WASHU:  (wistful)  You know, I couldn't help
noticing that you were more upset about Ryoko than Ayeka.
Is there something you're not telling us about Ayeka?

          SASAMI:  (firm)  Yes, there is.  And don't bother
asking...

     Kimiko chuckles, villainously.

          WASHU:  Yes, let's leave it to the imagination.
Now that I think about it, I recall a certain diary that you
helped Yosho find.  Yosho arranged for Ryoko to find it, and
I decided to block out the rest.  I was in the middle of
finishing an important invention, and I didn't want to be
distracted.

          KIMIKO:  Now, this, I've got to hear.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (to Kimiko, frowning darkly)  You would.
(to Washu)  Don't tell me you know about Ayeka's little
indiscretion?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Actually, no.  I never bothered to read
that part of Ryoko's memory.  Judging from the way it
affected her, I couldn't help but avoid it.  It makes me
that much more curious, now.

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  Indiscretion?  Ayeka had an amour on the
side?  Whoa, this is juicy!  Who was it?  When did this
happen?

     CU. SASAMI

     Scowling with disgust.

          SASAMI:  I've already said too much, I see.

     HALL (table)

     Kimiko cackles as Washu chuckles.  Sasami groans,
disgusted.

          SASAMI:  It's very cruel for you to laugh, Kimiko.
You've never really been in love, have you?  All the men in
your life were nothing more than playthings.

          KIMIKO:  Hey, I didn't exactly have a choice.  I
was made that way.  No one is more upset about it than I am.
You know that.

          WASHU:  Well, Sasami has a point.  You shouldn't
laugh at the misfortune of others that you lament in
yourself.

          KIMIKO:  Oh...  Well, I saw you smiling too,
Washu.

          WASHU:  I think I've earned the right.  I put up
with enough of Ayeka's snoring to last me a lifetime.  I
don't know how you put up with it, Sasami.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (smiling)  I considered it a badge of
honor.  You should be grateful I spared Tenchi that fate.

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  Sounds ghastly.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (thoughtful)  You know, Kimiko, the way
you said that--I didn't know you felt so strongly about
Tenchi.  Or is this new fixation on Ayeka?

     HALL (table)

          SASAMI:  Oh, yes.  Tell us how you feel about
Tenchi, Kimiko.  I can't help but think that you've offered
us your bed as more than just a gesture of goodwill.

          KIMIKO:  Don't be morbid, Sasami.  I am your
friend, nothing more.

          WASHU:  Nothing more?  So, we're not sisters?

          KIMIKO:  Not until you assimilate me, no.

          SASAMI:  (softly)  Come now, Kimiko.  Would a
friend look after someone as ill as Tenchi was for as long
as you did?  How long was Tenchi ill in the underworld?
Three, four days?

     CU. KIMIKO

     A little embarrassed, introspective.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Yes.  Interesting.  I recall you had a
sympathetic illness of your own--even with the temporal
distortion.  That must have been one heck of an experience.
Surely you feel a bit more than friendship...

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Admit it, Kimiko.  You're in love with
him.  You can't help it.  Tenchi has a very magnetic affect.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  That's right.  Plus, you can hardly help
developing strong sympathetic ties with your protege--
especially one who is in such dire need of your attention.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Not to mention, he's my husband--which
makes him off-limits.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Forbidden fruit...

     CU. KIMIKO

     She trembles and starts to cry.

          KIMIKO:  No...  It's not true.  You're just toying
with me.  Leave me alone.

     HALL (table)

     Kimiko starts to weep, as Washu turns to Sasami.
Sasami looks a little mortified and Washu scowls.

          SASAMI:  I think we went a bit too far.

          WASHU:  Yeah.  Sorry about that, Kimiko.

10   TITLE:

     "4.  Acceptance"

11   EXT. A LITTLE VILLA

     A quaint little house in a short row of houses in
evening twilight.  A figure appears at the door in a flicker
of light.

12   INT. MAIN HALL

     Mihoshi is sitting on a small sofa, staring blankly at
a television.  The TV is blaring some inane children's
program.  There is a soft knock at the door, and Mihoshi
looks down for a moment.

     Mihoshi answers the door and discovers the alchemist,
holding a small package.

          ALCHEMIST:  Good evening.  I hope I'm not
interrupting anything.

          MIHOSHI:  No.  Who are you?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  I'm an old friend of Tenchi's.  My
name is Icarus, but there are some who call me
Rumpelstiltskin.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Like in that story?  The guy who spins
straw into gold?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  One of my favorite stories...  May I
come in?

     MAIN HALL (entryway)

     Mihoshi considers for a moment, then gestures.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh, please.  Come in.  Any friend of
Tenchi's is a friend of mine.

          ALCHEMIST:  Thank you.  I won't stay long.  I hate
to be a burden.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh!  It's no bother!

          ALCHEMIST:  Really?  Well, if you insist.

     Mihoshi goes and turns off the TV, and they stand at
a small table, a little undecided.  Mihoshi then gasps and
gestures, somewhat wildly.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Oh!  I'm being so rude!  Sorry.  Please
take a seat over here.

     CU. ALCHEMIST

     Grimly amused.

          ALCHEMIST:  No, no.  I consider it an honor to sit
over here.  (he gestures)

     CU. MIHOSHI

     She ponders, somewhat vacantly.

          MIHOSHI:  Uh...  Okay!  Well, wherever.

     MAIN HALL (table)

     The alchemist sits and looks at Mihoshi expectantly.
She ponders for a moment.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh!  I guess I should offer you some
tea.

          ALCHEMIST:  Tea, yes.  That sounds good, if it's
not too much trouble, of course.

          MIHOSHI:  No.  It's no trouble.  I was just having
some a while ago.  (searching)  Now, where did I put that
tea?

     Mihoshi looks high and low for a tea kettle sitting
right in front of her.  The alchemist smiles very
pleasantly.  Mihoshi finally discovers the kettle and a
couple of cups.  She pours, rather awkwardly, then sits
across from the alchemist.

          MIHOSHI:  Rumpelstiltskin?  I thought that was
just an old story.

          ALCHEMIST:  One of my best.

          MIHOSHI:  Yours?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  Of course.  Who else?  You don't think
some absurd writers of fiction created me?  Writers only
know how to steal the work of others, you know.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Oh!  (pondering)  Is that for me?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

     He looks at the package, briefly.

          ALCHEMIST:  This?  Well, no.  I hope it's no
inconvenience, but I was hoping I could persuade you to give
this to another old friend of mine.

     MAIN HALL (table)

     The alchemist gestures with the package, and Mihoshi
offers.  He slides it across the table to her.

          MIHOSHI:  Another old friend?  Who do you mean?

          ALCHEMIST:  A little woman by the name of Washu.
She'll be expecting some token from me, to confirm a message
I gave her earlier.  It's just a way of being polite, of
course.  I couldn't be here, myself.

          MIHOSHI:  Here?  You don't want me to deliver
this?

          ALCHEMIST:  No.  I expect she and a few others
will show up here at this villa in no time.  They'll want to
visit you, naturally.  Until then, you might want to think
about attending a little ceremony over at the house of
Tenchi's honorable father.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     Blankly confused, still looking at the package.

          MIHOSHI:  Ceremony?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  (pleasantly)  Yes.  Tenchi will return
for the naming of his child, of course.  Then there are some
other rituals, I'm certain you have heard of.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  (sighing)  Actually, I'm not very good
with formalities.

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  Really?  Oh, well.  It's a pity.  You
seem so nice and good-natured.  I was sure you would have
all the native culture known by heart.

     MAIN HALL (table)

          MIHOSHI:  Thanks for the flattery, but I'm not
really that good-natured.  (frowning)  How do you know
Washu, if you don't mind my asking?

          ALCHEMIST:  I don't mind.  Let's see.  (he ponders
for a moment)  Washu doesn't remember, of course, but she
knew me briefly when she was about your age.  I recall she
was very handy with a sword.  She made me realize a new
level of pain I had never known existed--quite by accident,
of course.  I suppose it's only fitting.  Washu's one great
triumph in battle--and she doesn't even remember it.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Oh, wow!  What did she do to you?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  You don't mind if I show you the scar?

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Oh, don't worry.  I've seen lots of
scars...

     MAIN HALL (table)

     The alchemist lifts his shirt and shows a scar, running
halfway across his abdomen.

          MIHOSHI:  Whoa!  That must have really hurt!

     He lowers his shirt again.

          ALCHEMIST:  No kidding.  I was feverish and in
more pain than I had ever been in.  Some others were begging
me to accept a quick death--far more humane than trying to
hang on.  I love life, though.  I couldn't just throw it
away.

          MIHOSHI:  Wow!  So, what did you do?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  (a little pained)  What could I do?
There was nothing I could do but wait for death.  I was
actually beginning to wonder whether I should just end it
all when this little boy came along.  He just looked at me
and smiled.  He said, 'Hey, it ain't that bad.  You'll be
fine.'

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Whoa!

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  Indeed.  I was having trouble
believing it, but I was desperate.  I looked at him and
said, 'Well, if you think it's worth a shot, don't just
stand there.  Do something.'  He just rolled his eyes and
put a hand on my belly.  I looked down, and next thing you
know, I was perfectly fine.

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Mihoshi looks a little wary.

          MIHOSHI:  No way!

          ALCHEMIST:  Honest.

          MIHOSHI:  Wow!  That's incredible.  So, whatever
happened to him?  Do you know?

          ALCHEMIST:  A bad end, I'm afraid.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Really?  What happened?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  (annoyed)  Well, he tripped and fell
over the side of the city into the wastelands.  Everyone
else who saw it insisted that he jumped, but I can assure
you, it was accidental.

     MAIN HALL

          MIHOSHI:  (wistfully)  Washu doesn't normally like
to visit people.  She mostly just invents things, you know.
I had no idea she was handy with a sword.

          ALCHEMIST:  She was even more handy with mock
battles.  Of course, that led her to arts and from arts to
science.  They all go hand-in-hand, you know.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh...

          ALCHEMIST:  I'm sure you've noticed that all her
best students were great swordsmen, as well.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Oh, yeah.  Like Kagato.

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  Yes.  My favorite swordsman is Tenchi.
He always seems to have just the right level of skill.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  (awkward)  Uh...  Yeah.

     MAIN HALL (table)

          ALCHEMIST:  (softly)  Oh, sorry if I'm treading on
a painful subject.  You had your heart set on the boy, I
suppose?

          MIHOSHI:  (nervous)  Well, yeah.

          ALCHEMIST:  (sigh)  I thought so.  It's too bad.
I was hoping he would come to his senses and marry you.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     She looks a little taken aback.

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  (casual)  Oh, well.  You win some, you
lose some.  Maybe next time.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Next time?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  (a little mortified)  Oops...

FADE OUT

I'll bet you were wondering who that guy was, huh?  Strange,
that Washu can't seem to remember him.  Speaking of Washu,
she'd better start treading lightly with Kimiko--I think
Kimiko might have a thing for Tenchi...  Nah!  How about
Ryoko, huh?  What's she so upset about?  And Yosho is
looking like a deer caught in headlights--I wouldn't want to
be him...  Lots of stuff is going on in the third trilogy.
Don't miss it!

NOTES:

For those of you who haven't read "Rumpel-Stilts-kin," it's
a story of a girl whose father gets her into some deep
trouble.  An alchemist comes along and helps her, but always
for a price.  The third time is a deal for her child--whom
she is later forced to relinquish.  Out of pity for her, he
lets her out of the deal if she can guess his name.  She
eventually discovers his name from some messengers who
happened to overhear this little song:

     Merrily the feast I'll make,
     To-day I'll brew, to-morrow bake;
     Merrily I'll dance and sing,
     For next day will a stranger bring:
     Little does my lady dream
     Rumpel-Stilts-kin is my name!

This lovely story was written by Jacob and Wilhelm Grimm.
It's a classic great.


