[Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are the
property of AIC and Pioneer LDC, Inc. and was created by
Masaki Kajishima.  This story comes entirely from my
imagination, and is strictly intended to be apocryphal--so
please don't sue me.]

1    EXT. NEAR GATE

     Open on trees in bloom, suggesting springtime.  The
camera pans around to a short, gated palisade.  Two large
log-like creatures guard its entrance.

          AZAKA:  Just another fine morning?

          KAMIDAKE:  Yes.  It's going to be another peaceful
day.

2    EXT. FLOATING ONSEN

3    INT. POOL

     Ayeka and Ryoko are just sitting in the pool,
relaxing.  Ryoko seems asleep.

          RYOKO:  (sleepily)  Did Sasami get my message?

          AYEKA:  Hmm...?

          RYOKO:  I said, did Sasami get the message?

          AYEKA:  Oh yes.  And she was quite pleased with
the results.  I think she is starting to become fond of you
again.

          RYOKO:  Mmm...

          AYEKA:  You know, whenever we fight, Sasami always
takes it quite to heart.

          RYOKO:  I realize that now.

          AYEKA:  (sleepily)  It doesn't matter to me, of
course.  But she is a genius with sauces and spices.  You
know how some people just have a knack for a thing.  Some
people are just good at ruining things.

     CU. ENTRANCE DOOR

     Slides open to permit Mihoshi, wearing a towel and
limping along with a cane.  Her left ankle is in a simple
brace.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh!  I didn't know you guys were in
here!

     POOL

     Ryoko looks up momentarily and then scowls.  Ayeka
closes her eyes.

          RYOKO:  Weren't we just trying to kill each other
yesterday?

          AYEKA:  No, I think it was a couple weeks ago.

          RYOKO:  I never knew Sasami could hold a grudge
that long.

          AYEKA:  You do not know her as I.

     Mihoshi limps over to the side of the pool.

          MIHOSHI:  You mind if I join you?

          RYOKO:  Would it matter if we said no?

     CU. AYEKA

     She reaches over to a platter with a bottle and a few
cups.

          AYEKA:  Some sake, I think?

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  A little early in the day, isn't it?
(flinching)  Hey!  Watch it!

     Gets hit in the head with Mihoshi's cane.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     Sitting in the pool.

          MIHOSHI:  Oops!  Sorry about that.

     POOL

     Ryoko is rubbing her head.

          AYEKA:  I meant to celebrate.  Sasami agreed to
make us a nice dinner today.

          RYOKO:  Oh.  Well, a little sake never hurts, no
matter the time of day.

     CU. AYEKA

     Smiling as she pours some sake for herself and Ryoko.

     CU. RYOKO

     She gratefully takes a cup and gulps the drink down.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     She murmurs in bliss, getting comfortable.  She looks
over at the other two and becomes a little resentful.

          MIHOSHI:  Hey, what about me?

     POOL

     Ryoko rolls her eyes.

          AYEKA:  Now, now.  Let's not be rude.  We have a
guest.  (pouring)  Here you go, Mihoshi.

     Ayeka hands the cup to Mihoshi.  Mihoshi starts to
drink.

          RYOKO:  What was it?

          AYEKA:  Excuse me?

          RYOKO:  What did Sasami tell you she would make?

          AYEKA:  (smilingly)  Now, Ryoko, I can't tell you
that.  It would spoil the surprise.

     A few beats pass, a little awkwardly.

          MIHOSHI:  You know I hate to interrupt, but I
wanted to ask you about something.

     Ryoko sinks a little further into the water.  Ayeka
keeps a very composed face.

          AYEKA:  If there is something on your mind,
Mihoshi, please share it with us.

     Mihoshi looks down, a little uncertainly.

          RYOKO:  You know I really love that tempura Sasami
makes.  It's just so crispy.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     Looks around, considerately.

          MIHOSHI:  I think I might have made a big mistake.

     CU. AYEKA

     Nearly spitting in surprise.  She recovers herself in
time.

     CU. RYOKO

     Still trying to imagine dinner.

          RYOKO:  Or those little egg-rolls.  Those things
are to kill for.

     POOL

     Mihoshi is looking down again.

          MIHOSHI:  Well, you know how you all have been so
nice to me ever since my little accident?

          AYEKA:  Your accident?  Oh, yes.  I had heard
something of that.

          MIHOSHI:  Well...  It's just that Tenchi and I
became so much closer after that.  We started doing so many
things together.

          RYOKO:  (wistfully)  Fried shrimp.  Man, I could
really go for some fried shrimp.

          AYEKA:  (alarmed)  What is this?  When did this
happen?

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  (cheerfully)  Oh, it was so wonderful.
We went to the movies.  We played video games.  We went to
pizza places.  We talked about so many things.  (a little
sullen)  It just kind of... well... seemed a little
childish.

     POOL

     A few beats pass, as they continue to drink.

          MIHOSHI:  (a little grim)  Anyway, I just told
Tenchi yesterday that I wanted to do things that were... you
know, a little more adult.  He just nodded and said okay,
but I could tell he was a little disappointed.

          RYOKO:  Beef steak.  I just love beef steak.  I'm
dying to eat.  I can't wait for dinner.

          AYEKA:  (a bit irritated)  Could you explain to me
about that accident, Mihoshi?  I understand you were trained
in the Galaxy Police Academy.

          MIHOSHI:  That's right.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (calmly again)  I've noticed that you are
actually quite dexterous and acrobatic when you need to be.
How is it that you incurred these injuries?

     POOL

     Ryoko seems oblivious as Mihoshi continues.

          MIHOSHI:  I've been through a lot... I mean a few
crash exercises.  I know everything there is to know about
preventing injuries, but I can't help it when I get
distracted.  I was just returning from the preserve station
when I executed a by-the-book, perfect landing.

     CU. AYEKA

     She nods politely and takes some more sake.

     POOL

          MIHOSHI:  When I reached for the level control,
there was a little snake coiled around it.  It hissed at me.
Next thing I knew, I had a sprained ankle.  I could barely
limp out of there.

          RYOKO:  Mihoshi got a love-tap from a tree.  It
was nothing.

     A couple beats pass as Mihoshi starts to fret.

          MIHOSHI:  I just know I messed up again.  What
should I do?

     CU. AYEKA

     A little confused.

          AYEKA:  Huh?

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (matter-of-factly)  Have you considered
suicide?  Men find that very romantic.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  (laughing)  You're always kidding
around, Ryoko.  Come on, I was serious.

     POOL

          AYEKA:  (musing)  Well, you know, if you are
looking for a more mature man, you might consider Lord
Tenchi's father, Noboyuki.  I understand he's available.

     Ryoko bursts out laughing.

          MIHOSHI:  (upset)  Now you're just being cruel.  I
don't know why I ever confide in you two.  (she starts
pouting)

          RYOKO:  (chuckling)  Yosho is pretty mature, too,
Mihoshi.  I'm sure he'd love to go on a date with you.

          AYEKA:  (scowling)  Now, Ryoko.  Let's do be
serious.  We're all friends here.  We can come to some
mutual arrangement, I think.

     CU. RYOKO

     Calms for a moment, and then ponders.

          RYOKO:  I suggest we take turns.  I'll date Tenchi
first, of course.

     CU. AYEKA

     Nearly losing her composure.

          AYEKA:  (folding her arms)  I don't know why I
bother.

4    TITLE:  "KNEE-DEEP IN SAKE"

5    EXT. PATH

     Late afternoon.  A path through the forest.  Tenchi is
in a student uniform, walking toward the camera.  He is
carrying a briefcase.

     Ryoko is standing on a boulder.  Tenchi comes up the
path and stops for a moment.  Tenchi looks up at Ryoko for a
moment.  He then continues down the path.

          TENCHI:  Oh.  Hello, Ryoko.

     CU. TENCHI (shoulder-shot)

     Ryoko appears behind him.  Tenchi looks down calmly as
he continues to walk toward the camera.  Ryoko smiles.

          RYOKO:  Tenchi?  Did you miss me?

          TENCHI:  (brightly)  You look very nice today,
Ryoko.

          RYOKO:  Oh?  Are you just saying that?

          TENCHI:  (softly)  I like that other earring.  It
really matches your eyes.

          RYOKO:  (briefly surprised)  That's so nice.  It's
Sasami's, actually.  We've been getting along again.

          TENCHI:  Sasami is cooking again?

          RYOKO:  Oh yes.

     PATH

     Ryoko appears in front of Tenchi.  Tenchi stops.

          RYOKO:  Sasami has been telling me all kinds of
fascinating things about Earth history.  It seems she has an
interest.  But you don't really want to talk about Sasami?

          TENCHI:  (scratching his head)  What do you want
to talk about, Ryoko?

          RYOKO:  (playfully)  Oh... well...

     CU. TENCHI

     He looks up and naively considers.

          TENCHI:  (VO)  This is where this story started to
get weird.  I still have trouble remembering it right.  I've
been told what happened so many times that I honestly don't
remember whether I really went through all this or whether
people just put it in my head this way.  I suppose lots of
things are like that.

     CU. RYOKO

     She smiles in a rather devilish manner.  She vanishes
again.

     PATH

     Ryoko stands behind Tenchi.

          RYOKO:  (smoothly)  Tenchi?  You're not ashamed of
me, are you?

          TENCHI:  (nervous)  Ashamed of you?  What do you
mean?

          RYOKO:  You know.  Are you afraid people will see
me flirting with you?  You think people will get ideas?

     Ryoko puts a hand on Tenchi's shoulder.  Tenchi is
looking fairly uncomfortable.

          RYOKO:  (softly)  You worry that people will think
we're lovers?

     Tenchi reels a bit and then tries to recover.

          TENCHI:  (turning to face her)  Could you get a
hold of yourself, Ryoko?  What's the matter with you?

     CU. RYOKO

     Becomes annoyed for a moment.  She then smiles.

          RYOKO:  Mihoshi...

     CU. TENCHI

     Suddenly looks a little confused.

     CU. RYOKO

     Closes on Tenchi.

          RYOKO:  (sweet as sugar)  She's very pretty, don't
you think?

     PATH

     Ryoko stands very close to him.  Tenchi still looks
confused, but his confusion is melting into awareness.

          RYOKO:  You hang around with her all the time,
lately.  You've forgotten all about poor old Ryoko, haven't
you?

          TENCHI:  (casual)  So she's fun.  So what?

     Ryoko pauses for a moment to collect her thoughts,
frowning.

          RYOKO:  You like her more than me?

          TENCHI:  (sigh)  No.

          RYOKO:  (a little bitter)  So, I'm not fun?  You
don't think I like movies or pizza?

     CU. TENCHI

     Looking down, a little flustered.

          TENCHI:  I'm sorry, Ryoko.  But you never said
anything before.  I thought you were bored by all that.

     CU. RYOKO

     Sadly shakes her head.  She starts to vanish.

     CU. TENCHI

     Looks up, about to call out.  He then continues down
the path, muttering to himself.

6    INT. MAIN HALL

     Tenchi enters, looking somewhat forlorn.  Sasami
enters.  Ryo-Ohki is sitting on her shoulder.

          SASAMI:  Oh!  Tenchi, welcome home.

     CU. TENCHI

     Immediately smiles.

          TENCHI:  Hello, Sasami!

     MAIN HALL

          SASAMI:  I've kept a dish for you, Tenchi.  I'll
be right back!

          TENCHI:  All right.  (to himself)  Boy, I'm
starving.

     Tilt upward to balcony.  Ayeka enters and looks down,
seeing Tenchi.

          AYEKA:  Tenchi.  Oh, Lord Tenchi, there you are!

          TENCHI:  Oh, hey Ayeka.  Good evening.

     CU. AYEKA

     Still looks down from the balcony.

          AYEKA:  I am glad to see you.  Good evening, as
well.

     CU. TENCHI

     Looks a little nervous.

     MAIN HALL

     Ayeka broodingly crosses and descends stairs.  Tenchi
looks up and then around.

          TENCHI:  I hear Sasami has been reading some of my
books, again.

     CU. AYEKA

     Very passively approaches Tenchi.

          AYEKA:  (carefully)  Yes, she shares a peculiar
curiosity.  I wonder, though?

     MAIN HALL

     Tenchi glances around again, and then continues to
address Ayeka.

          TENCHI:  (a bit nervous)  Yes?

          AYEKA:  Might I have a few words?  There is
something I need to ask you.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (stiff)  Uh, yeah.  I just wanted to have
something to eat, first.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (very calm)  Please, Lord Tenchi.  It will
only take a few moments.  I would be very grateful.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Oh, okay.

     MAIN HALL

     Ayeka smiles, and gestures for him to follow.  They
exit.  Sasami enters, looking a little worried.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi?  Aren't you hungry?

7    EXT. PATIO

     Twilight has descended, blurring shadows and giving the
lake an eery glow.  Distant clouds give the impression of
approaching rain.  The air is still.

     Ayeka and Tenchi enter patio.  Ayeka goes to sit, and
then takes a fan.

          AYEKA:  (gesturing)  Please.

     CU. TENCHI

     Nervously scratches his head, then goes to sit next to
Ayeka.

     PATIO

     Ayeka fans herself.

          AYEKA:  Dreadfully warm, don't you think?

          TENCHI:  I guess.

          AYEKA:  You are not uncomfortable, I hope?

          TENCHI:  I'm fine.  Thanks for asking.

          AYEKA:  (pondering)  Hmm...  I know I have not
said this before, but I like that uniform.  It makes a
suitable appearance.  It is a little dark to my eyes, but it
seems very handsome, nevertheless.

          TENCHI:  Oh.  Well, it's just something I have to
wear.

          AYEKA:  It seems to fit particularly well, on you,
Lord Tenchi.  You should wear a uniform more often.

          TENCHI:  It's more comfortable than it looks.

          AYEKA:  Yes, I trust it is.  I've never heard you
complain otherwise.  That is a very admirable trait in a
young man.

     CU. TENCHI

     Almost frowns, pondering.

     PATIO

          AYEKA:  Books...

          TENCHI:  (a little shocked)  What?

          AYEKA:  You mentioned Sasami's interest in some of
your books.  I was just thinking about how they never seem
to change.  They are made out of different materials,
certainly, but they never actually become anything different
entirely over many thousands of years.  Why do you think
that is?

          TENCHI:  (still flustered)  I don't know.  I
suppose the need never changes.

     CU. AYEKA

     Very calmly puts away her fan.

          AYEKA:  We have readers and scanners.  We can
always store information in other ways.  Why is it, that we
cannot replace this particular need?

     CU. TENCHI

     Lost in thought.

          TENCHI:  I have no idea.  I guess I never thought
about it, before.

     PATIO

          AYEKA:  (musing)  It is something of a riddle.

          TENCHI:  (a little irritated)  Is this going
somewhere, or is this just some kind of mind game?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (amused)  I'm sorry, Tenchi.  I'm not
thinking at all.  Here I am, going on and on about nothing,
and you must be terribly hungry.  Please, go on inside and
eat.  We can talk later.

     PATIO

     Tenchi gets up and starts to leave.  He then slowly
turns and goes back over to Ayeka.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (calmly)  What was it you wanted to ask
me about?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  I just heard a most dreadful rumor today.

     PATIO

     Tenchi stands as Ayeka takes out her fan again.

          AYEKA:  I heard that some girl had asked you to
become... oh, shall we say, more familiar.  I also heard
that you had agreed.  I was worried that I would not be able
to change your mind.  Is all this true?

          TENCHI:  (a little grim)  I'm surprised at you,
Ayeka.  You really don't know me that well, do you?

          AYEKA:  (frowning)  You cannot deny it?

          TENCHI:  No.  I don't.

     Ayeka stands, losing most of her composure.

          AYEKA:  You dare admit it?  Even to me?

          TENCHI:  What's the big deal?  You're just making
something out of nothing.

     CU. AYEKA

     She goes dark-red with anger.

     CU. TENCHI

     He stares blankly, confused.

     PATIO

     Ayeka marches back inside, fuming to herself.  Tenchi
scratches his head again.  A moment later, Sasami enters.

          SASAMI:  Oh, there you are!  Hey, Tenchi, don't
you want to eat?

8    INT. MAIN HALL (table)

     Tenchi sits, looking at his food.  He starts to eat,
scowls and then puts it down again.

     CU. SASAMI

     Sasami enters, looking a little disappointed.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi, you don't like it?

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Tenchi sighs and Sasami goes to join him.

          TENCHI:  It's not the food, Sasami.  I just don't
feel like eating right now.

          SASAMI:  Oh, you had another fight with Ayeka?
She looked pretty mad.

          TENCHI:  Yeah, I think she was.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Are you breaking her heart?

     CU. TENCHI

     A look of shock briefly crosses his face.

          TENCHI:  (a little disconcerted)  It's nothing,
Sasami.  It's just a misunderstanding.

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Sasami gets back up again and pats him on the head.

          SASAMI:  That's good.  I'm glad to hear that,
Tenchi.  I'd really hate to have to kill you.

     CU. TENCHI

     Seems paralyzed--the food half-way to his mouth.

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Medium-shot.  Sasami smiles and leaves.

     CU. TENCHI

     Drops his food, disgusted.

9    INT. FORTRESS CENTRAL TOWER HALL

     A huge octagonal room.  The walls are bare white, lit
by an unseen source, high up in the air.  The floor is a
peculiar tile, composed of gray blocks.  Three figures are
barely discernable in the middle of the room.

     CU. TENCHI

     Looks as if someone just punched him in the back.

          TENCHI:  Hey!

     CU. WASHU

     She sits at a console, pressing one button again and
again.  She studies the display for a moment and hits the
button again.

          WASHU:  Make yourself comfortable, Tenchi.  We'll
be here for a while.  I think there's a seat over there.

     She points to somewhere in front of her.

     HALL

     Tenchi looks around and sees Mihoshi.  She waves.

          MIHOSHI:  Hey there, Tenchi!

     Tenchi walks over toward Washu.

          TENCHI:  Washu!  I was just having dinner.

          WASHU:  Oh, I'm glad to hear that.  I was worried
you hadn't eaten yet.

          TENCHI:  But--

     CU. WASHU

     Still studies the console display.

          WASHU:  Mihoshi!  Bring me that data!

          MIHOSHI:  (OC)  This?

          WASHU:  (strained)  Yes, the one in your hands.

     HALL

     Mihoshi approaches, carrying the data pad.

          TENCHI:  Mihoshi?  Washu, what in the world is
going on?

          WASHU:  That's a good question, Tenchi.  I'll let
you know as soon as I find out.

          MIHOSHI:  Here's your data, Little Washu.

     Mihoshi looks at Tenchi and smiles.  Tenchi suddenly
looks worried.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Washu, where are we?

     CU. WASHU

     Presses the button with increasing frequency.

          WASHU:  We're in the ancient fortress, of course.
Please, Tenchi.  I'm trying to concentrate.  Oh, shoot!

     HALL

     Washu leans back in disgust and throws her hands up.

          WASHU:  There!  Look what you made me do.  I'll
just have to track down another one.

          TENCHI:  Mihoshi, what are you doing here?

          MIHOSHI:  (subdued)  I'm still working off my
treatments.

     She points to her ankle with her cane.

          TENCHI:  (looking around)  Ancient fortress?

          WASHU:  (taking the data pad)  Yes.  I'll bet you
didn't know you lived near an ancient fortress your whole
life.

          TENCHI:  (softly)  I'd believe just about anything
right now.

     CU. WASHU

     Turns from her console and stands.

          WASHU:  I can see I may as well explain.  Tenchi,
you know about quantum gravity?

     CU. TENCHI

     A little confused.

          TENCHI:  You mean a force of physics?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Yes, physics.  While your scientists are
trying to find quantum gravity, galactic scientists have
been trying to find quantum conservation.  The laws of
quantum physics are well known and so is conservation, but
put the two together:  (gesturing)  ka-blooy!  On the bright
side, it's a fun way to see a scientist's head spin.

     HALL

     Tenchi looks at Mihoshi, and she shrugs.

          WASHU:  The standard theory is that the universe
is just a large, complicated magnet.  It attracts and
repulses everything that we call matter, light, vacuum.  Is
any of this sinking in?

          TENCHI:  I think so.  Is this anything like ether
theory?

          WASHU:  (rolling her eyes)  Well, it's quite a bit
more complicated than that.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Hey, this is that shrine.  This is where
Ryoko keeps all her paintings.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Her what?

     HALL

          WASHU:  I let Ryoko have the rooms we renovated.
The rest of the fortress is located in sub-space.  I don't
think she's ever seen this part, but I haven't really
checked...

          MIHOSHI:  Ryoko paints?

          WASHU:  Ryoko is in therapy--just like you,
Mihoshi.  She creates images and other representations.  You
might say I help her out a bit.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh?

          TENCHI:  So, this is a room in a part of the
ancient fortress.

          WASHU:  This is the central tower hall.  I think
it was built as the main support for the fortress, but it
may have been the entire fortress at one time.  I haven't
looked at that data, yet.  I was just looking at the
conservation data when you arrived, Tenchi.

     CU. WASHU

     She sits at her console again.  She starts to type and
then begins pressing one button over and over.

          WASHU:  Now, I think we should wait for this
correlation again.  With you here, Tenchi, I think I can get
a better lock on it.  Please sit down.

     CU. TENCHI

     He goes and sits down, looking very bored.

10   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ryoko is sitting in front of a blank TV, holding a
large cup and a bottle of sake.

     CU. RYOKO

     She scowls slightly and then pours some sake in the
cup.

     MAIN HALL

     Ayeka enters, narrowing her eyes.

          AYEKA:  You!

     Ryoko looks up blankly.  Ayeka approaches Ryoko.

          RYOKO:  Huh?

          AYEKA:  This is all your fault!  You just had to
get in the way!

          RYOKO:  What in the world are you talking about,
Princess?

          AYEKA:  (barely restrained)  Tenchi and I were
perfect for each other, but you had to get in between,
causing nothing but trouble.

          RYOKO:  I think you've got it backwards, Princess.
You got in my way.  You wouldn't even be here in the first
place without me.

          AYEKA:  I still think it's all your fault.  You've
corrupted him somehow, with all your looseness and barbaric
ways.  It's no wonder he is so rude to me.

          RYOKO:  (laughing)  Oh, I think Tenchi is just
right for me.  If he's rude to you, it's only because you
deserve to be treated rudely.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (angry)  You're the one who deserves rude
treatment!  You're nothing but a monster!  You only care
about yourself!

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (half-serious)  Why don't I kill you,
then?  (sigh)  If you're going to just stand there and
insult me, I can leave.  If you want to join me, do so.  I'm
not in the mood to care either way.

     MAIN HALL

     Ayeka starts to turn away.  She then turns and sits
across from Ryoko.  Ryoko passes another cup over.

          RYOKO:  I don't want to fight with you, Princess.
If I did, I might regret it.

          AYEKA:  (taking the cup)  I have to admit, I am
against fighting, as well.  You may think it is cowardice,
but I am afraid of what is going to happen.  I fear I may
lose him.

          RYOKO:  To Mihoshi?  Are you kidding?

          AYEKA:  No!  I'm afraid I may lose him.

     CU. RYOKO

     She clears her throat, and looks up a little nervously.

          RYOKO:  Ayeka, what kind of person do you think I
really am?  I'm fun, right?

     CU. AYEKA

     She takes a sip and considers, thoughtfully.

          AYEKA:  Hmm...  Yes, I have to admit that is true.
You have a certain playfulness.

     MAIN HALL

     Ayeka continues to drink.

          RYOKO:  Why is Tenchi so embarrassed around me?

          AYEKA:  (smiling)  Well, you have to admit that
you scare him.  You aren't exactly normal, you know.

          RYOKO:  That's not true.  I'm as normal as anyone
else.

          AYEKA:  (laughing)  Well, I can tell you, Ryoko.
I myself am the most normal person you will likely ever see.
If Tenchi likes you, it is probably because you are so
strange.

          RYOKO:  (annoyed)  That's not true.  It's not!
Stop saying that!

          AYEKA:  I'm sorry, you're right.  I think I can
explain it another way.

     CU. AYEKA

     Takes her cup and sets it on a table.  She reaches over
and snatches Ryoko's cup.

          AYEKA:  All right.  Now pretend that this cup (she
raises the small one) is Tenchi.  Now pretend that this cup
(she raises the other one) is you.

     CU. RYOKO

     Gestures, following along.

     CU. AYEKA

     Thinks for a moment, then looks closely at the large
cup.

          AYEKA:  Now...  Hmm...  That's strange.  I've
never seen this cup before.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Oh, I found that.  Never mind, what was
your point?

     MAIN HALL

          AYEKA:  Oh, yes.  Well, if you take the sake from
the large cup and try to fill the small cup, it will
overflow.  But, if you take and drink from the large cup...
(drinking)  Oh, if the large cup is already full...  Uh...
Wait a minute.

          RYOKO:  What in the world?

          AYEKA:  (a little unsteady)  Wait.  I think I have
it.  If the large cup already had the contents of the small
cup...  No, that can't be it.  Now, what was I going to say?

          RYOKO:  (snarling)  Oh, never mind!

11   INT. CENTRAL TOWER HALL

     CU. WASHU

     She makes a quick cheer.

          WASHU:  Yeah, I got it!  Now, Mihoshi, I need you
to get that retaining lever.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Huh?  Oh, all right.  I'll be right
back.

     HALL

     Tenchi is still sitting, looking very bored.  Washu
nearly jumps out of her seat.

          WASHU:  Wait!  Take this with you!

     Mihoshi turns and stops.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh, right!

     Washu holds out a necklace and gives it to Mihoshi.
She puts it on, and then looks at it dubiously.

          MIHOSHI:  You sure this won't give me a seizure or
something?  It feels like something buzzing in my head.

          WASHU:  You've got nothing to worry about.  Just
get going.

     Mihoshi looks reluctant as Tenchi gets up and looks at
the necklace.

          TENCHI:  What is that, Little Washu?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  It's just my latest invention.  It's a
motive stabilizer.  It forces the wearer to not make
mistakes.

     HALL

          MIHOSHI:  Well, if you say so...  (limping off)

          WASHU:  It's nothing to worry about, Tenchi.
Hmm...  Just to be safe, you'd better go with her.

          TENCHI:  What for?

          WASHU:  Well, the motive stabilizer won't work if
mistakes are caused by subconscious intent.  I have a
strange feeling about her...

     CU. TENCHI

     Tries to ponder on all that.

     CU. WASHU

     Sits back down.

          WASHU:  Better hurry!

     HALL

     Tenchi goes to follow Mihoshi.

12   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ryoko and Ayeka are still drinking.

          AYEKA:  (very casual)  Actually, Ryoko, you are so
very direct and honest about yourself.  I'm such a wretched
creature.  I can't open up, no matter what I try.  You're
different, Ryoko.  I wish I could be more like you.

     Ayeka seems about to add something, then promptly
passes out.

13   INT. CONTROL ROOM

     There is a chair with a console in the center of the
room.  In one corner is a low table with a large, distinct
ring in the middle.  On all four sides of the table are
benches.  Along the walls on the other sides are lights,
buttons and small compartments.

     Tenchi and Mihoshi slowly enter the room.  Mihoshi
limps in on her cane.  Tenchi follows close behind.

     A voice emanates from Mihoshi (Washu's voice via
transmitter).

          VOICE:  You're in the control room.  Now activate
the central command control.  You have to turn both dials on
the central console to the right at the same time.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     Ponders.

     ROOM

     Tenchi goes to the central chair, and gesturing.

          TENCHI:  I think she means this.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh.

     Mihoshi limps over to the chair and sits.  She then
twists two large dials at each end of the console.  The room
illuminates brightly.  The small compartments on the walls
pop open and levers slide out.

          VOICE:  Good.  Now you need to find the lever.
Use the guider to find the right one.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     Gets up from the chair and thinks for a moment.  She
then twists a dial on the necklace.  A bright line of red
light shoots out of the necklace.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (bewilderment)  Wow.

     ROOM

     Mihoshi heads toward the lever, illuminated by the
beam.

          VOICE:  Don't pull the lever just yet.  Tenchi,
since you're there, get over to the command chair and get
ready to turn those dials.  This time, you'll want to turn
them back to the left.

     CU. TENCHI

     Sits in the command chair.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Okay, I'm ready.

          VOICE:  Good.  First, make sure the lever is the
right one.

          MIHOSHI:  It's where the beam is pointed.

          VOICE:  Okay.  Tenchi?  You ready?

     CU. TENCHI

     Hands poised over the dials.

          TENCHI:  I'm ready.

     ROOM

          VOICE:  Okay. Mihoshi, go.

     The room lights flicker a bit, and a dark cloud
immediately fills the bottom of the room.

          VOICE:  Go, Tenchi!  Hurry!

     The room lights go darker, settling at dim.  The levers
slide back into their compartments.  The dark fog at the
floor settles a bit, then begins to sink.

          VOICE:  Yeah, I was afraid of that.  All the
levers were trapped with poison triggers.  Just be careful
you don't trip and fall, leaving the room.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Whoa!  That was exciting!

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Let's just get out of here.

14   INT. HALLWAY

     A hallway stretches far in each direction, several
doorways line the hallway on each side.

     A doorway opens, and Mihoshi exits.  Tenchi exits
behind her.

          TENCHI:  I'll bet you were scared.

          MIHOSHI:  No way!  Well, maybe just a little.

          TENCHI:  I can't believe how many levers there
were.  I wonder what they do?

          MIHOSHI:  Oh, who knows!  Maybe they're all little
locks for little jail cells.

          VOICE:  (clearing her throat)  If you guys are
finished, I could use a little help here.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Huh?  Oh.  Well, I don't need this.

     She takes off the necklace.

     CU. TENCHI

     Walking back toward the central tower hall.

          TENCHI:  Wow.  I wonder how big this place is.  It
would take forever to explore it all.

     HALLWAY

     Mihoshi stuffs the necklace into a pocket, looking
around wistfully, following.  Tenchi takes one long look and
then looks back toward the center.

          TENCHI:  I guess we should get back.

          MIHOSHI:  What's your hurry?  We could have some
fun, first.

     Tenchi shrugs, continuing down the hallway.

          TENCHI:  I don't know.  Looks like you could get
lost in a place like this.  I really don't care, though.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Any ideas?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  No, but whatever you want to do is fine.
I'm ready for anything.

     HALLWAY

     Mihoshi puts her arms around Tenchi, kissing him.
Tenchi is rigid with shock for a moment, then quickly pulls
away.

          TENCHI:  Oh my god!  What was that for?

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  (trembling)  But I thought you wanted
to...  Don't you like me?

     CU. TENCHI

     Still reeling a little.

          TENCHI:  Yeah, but not that much.  I mean, you're
very nice, but I didn't think you wanted to kiss me!

     CU. MIHOSHI

     Embarrassment clearly apparent, now.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh, no!  I was right!  You were just
humoring me!  I am such an idiot!

     HALLWAY

     Mihoshi limps away, weeping.  She moves surprisingly
fast.

          TENCHI:  Mihoshi!  Wait!

     Washu appears behind him, and grabs his shoulder.

          WASHU:  Better not.  Mihoshi is a pretty fragile
creature.

     CU. TENCHI

     Groans in frustration.  He looks just about ready to
pull his hair out.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  On second thought, we'd better go after
her.  She's not wearing the necklace!  Who knows what'll
happen!

15   EXT. ABOVE LAKE

     Nighttime.  A storm is about to blow through.  Wind
howls and lightning flashes, illuminating a single figure.

     CU. RYOKO

     Floats above the lake, legs crossed.  She is apparently
sleeping.  Her hair whips around.  Lightning booms nearby.
Zoom in on her closed eyes, as she looks seemingly tranquil.

16   EXT. VISION #1

     A man kneels in front of a gravestone.

     CU. of the man, collapsing and burying his face in his
hands.

17   EXT. VISION #2

     Four children, running through the fields.  They are
yelling and laughing.

     CU. following the lead child, a little girl holding a
stuffed animal.  The others are trying to grab it from her
hands, but she is too fast.

18   EXT. VISION #3

     A man walking up a pathway to a house.  He approaches,
and a woman slides the door open.  She runs out and embraces
him.

19   EXT. LAKE, CU. RYOKO

     She looks very passive and calm.

20   INT. VISION #4, PART 1, HALLWAY

     CU. of a woman's face.  She is in an exotic uniform,
elaborately decorated.  She looks down, mournfully.

     Pull back to see woman holding a small bottle.  The
well-decorated hallway is empty aside from her.  She glances
around thoughtfully, leaving.

21   EXT. VISION #4, PART 2

     The woman, now dressed in a plain robe, is following a
young man, making strange gestures.  She is in some
distress, and tries to explain something to him, but he
turns and walks away.

22   EXT. VISION #4, PART 3

     A lake by a mountain.  Two figures are by the water.

23   EXT. LAKE, CU. RYOKO

     She flinches.

24   EXT. VISION #4, PART 4

     The woman holds a bloody dagger, weeping.  The young
man is face down, just across from her.

25   EXT. VISION #5

     A forest is basking in bright sunlight.  A few thin
trails of smoke curl upward from dead coals.

26   EXT. VISION #6

     A small camp in a snowy field, in the middle of the
night.  Clouds drift past twinkling stars, as people go
flickering by.

27   EXT. VISION #7

     A wide-shot of a sunrise, coming over a hill.  The hill
is embraced by trees in bloom, shrubs, grass and flowers.  A
couple of men on horseback go riding down the hill, casually
holding weapons.

28   EXT. VISION #8

     Wide-shot of four adults, two men and two women.  They
are just sitting on a patio, doing nothing.

29   EXT. VISION #9

     CU. of a man, painting.  He looks thoughtfully around
and goes back to the painting.

30   EXT. LAKE, CU. RYOKO

     She is straining.

31   EXT. VISION #10

     Several men in uniforms, all wielding weapons and
charging across a hill.  They are all hit by a hail of
arrows, fired by men on horseback.  They fall.

32   EXT. VISION #11

     A mass of men, yelling angrily.  They pour down a
street toward a large tower.

33   EXT. VISION #12

     A man, chasing a woman.  He catches her and turns her
around.  He slaps her hard.

34   EXT. LAKE, CU. RYOKO

     Flinches a bit.

35   EXT. VISION #13

     A child, clutching its mother's legs.  The child cries.

36   EXT. VISION #14

     A man yelling at another man, giving him a push.

37   EXT. VISION #15

     A street in a city, packed with people walking.  There
is a small area where people are avoiding a man and woman,
who are embracing.

38   EXT. LAKE, CU. RYOKO

     Jerks her eyes open.  A flash of lightning goes off
nearby, and she flinches again.  The rain starts pouring
down.

39   INT. HALLWAY

     Tenchi leans up against a wall.  He reaches up and
scratches his head, nervously.

     CU. DOOR

     Washu steps out, looking exhausted.

     HALLWAY

     Washu hands a small jug to Tenchi.

          WASHU:  It's worse than I thought.  I found her
with this.

          TENCHI:  (taking the jug)  So, Ryoko has been down
here.

          WASHU:  I'm a scientist, not a psychiatrist.
(sigh)  I think I managed to get her calm.  As calm she
could ever be, anyway.

          TENCHI:  I feel so helpless.  How was I to know?

          WASHU:  (smiling)  Well, Tenchi.  If it's any
consolation to you, I'm impressed.  I never knew you had it
in you.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  That's not very comforting.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (laughing)  You kill me, Tenchi!

     HALLWAY

          TENCHI:  I suppose I should at least give some
encouraging words.

          WASHU:  You bet you will.  I didn't want to go
through all that for nothing.

     CU. TENCHI

     Musters every ounce of courage, and fails.

          TENCHI:  I can't do it.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (smiling)  Don't be silly.  Just go in
there, idiot!

40   INT. SHELVED ROOM

     CU. DOOR

     Door slides open.  Tenchi is hurled inside and looks
around, a mild state of surprise.

     ROOM

     Several comfortable benches line a low table along one
wall.  The opposite wall has several shelves.  The shelves
are lined with bottles.  A low counter sits under the
shelves.  The counter has several books sitting on top.  At
the opposite side from Tenchi is a small door, surrounded
with strange runes.

     Sitting at one bench, looking more mousy than ever, is
Mihoshi.  She looks up for a moment, and then back down.
She is very sullen.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (stiff)  We're having some fun, now, huh?

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  (very softly)  Please, don't make me
laugh.

     ROOM

     Tenchi stops just a few feet from the low table.

          TENCHI:  (sighing)  I'm really sorry.  I should
have let you know.

     Mihoshi closes her eyes, unable to look up.  Tenchi
puts the jug onto the table.

          TENCHI:  I wasn't really humoring you.  I just
didn't want to hurt your feelings.

          MIHOSHI:  (barely laughing)  Now, you're making me
laugh!  Stop it!

          TENCHI:  I just hate to see you like this.  I
really thought we were close.  Like good friends.  We did
have a lot of fun.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  (looking up)  Yeah.

     ROOM

     Tenchi looks down, nervously, again.

          MIHOSHI:  Tenchi?

          TENCHI:  Huh?

          MIHOSHI:  Could you give me a hug?

     CU. TENCHI

     Tenchi looks a little stunned, then smiles.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     Smiles and gets up from the bench.  She lifts her hands
out to him.

     ROOM

     Tenchi gently considers Mihoshi.  Just as she reaches
him, the small door opens.  He looks around, a little
surprised.  A distinct hand from an indistinct, bluish glow
takes his arm.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     Looking around, gasping.

     CU. TENCHI

     Pummeled with confusion.

          TENCHI:  Hey!

     ROOM

     Mihoshi grabs his other arm.  She pulls away.

          MIHOSHI:  Tenchi!  What's going on?!

          TENCHI:  (strained)  How in the world should I
know?!  Washu!

     CU. WASHU

     Washu enters, looking perplexed.

          WASHU:  What the hell?!  Mihoshi, what did you do?

     ROOM

     Washu takes out a small cylindrical device.  She waves
it around, and the air shimmers.  Several vine-like bars
snake up and around.

     CU. TENCHI

     Stands within a sphere of silver vines.  The apparition
disappears, and a huge beam of light lifts the sphere.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     Frowns and strains.

          MIHOSHI:  I can't hold on much longer.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (annoyed)  These things always happen
right before a big breakthrough...

     ROOM

     Washu runs up and grabs the sphere.  She takes out a
large, pistol-shaped device, and wields it near the floor,
over a few vines.  Several loud thuds echo through the room,
and the sphere stands still.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     Still frowning and straining.

     CU. WASHU

     Looks around at Mihoshi.

          WASHU:  You can stop that, now.  I think Tenchi is
okay, for the moment.

     CU. TENCHI

     He looks around at the beam of light, utterly
speechless.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     She limps over to Washu.

          MIHOSHI:  What is that?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (considering)  Well, I guess this is some
kind of guardian.  It was probably triggered by your
presence here.  This is very peculiar, though...

     She takes out a small pad and looks at a few readouts.

          WASHU:  It's not my anomaly.  I still have that
one in the other sphere.

     ROOM

          TENCHI:  (pointing)  Uh...  Little Washu...  I see
people.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (doubtful)  People?

41   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ayeka is still passed out.  Ryoko appears in the room,
completely soaked.  She goes over to Ayeka.

          RYOKO:  Ayeka!  Wake up, you lazy, good-for-
nothing!  Tenchi is in trouble!--  I think...

     CU. AYEKA

     Murmurs and turns her head.

     MAIN HALL

     Ryoko kicks Ayeka, but Ayeka doesn't budge.  Ryoko
sways a bit.

          RYOKO:  I hate it when I drink this much.

     CU. RYOKO

     Sits down.

          RYOKO:  Hmm...  What are they up to?

     She sighs and picks up the large cup.  Ryoko stands
again, a little unsteady.

          RYOKO:  Oh, well.  Who wants to live forever?  I
have got to stop drinking.

     She vanishes.

42   INT. CENTRAL TOWER HALL

     Ryoko stands in front of a console.  She looks at the
console, considering for a moment.  She then sits and
presses a few buttons.

          RYOKO:  Sorry, Washu.  This research is going to
have to wait.

     Pan over to a large sphere, made of silver vines.  The
vines are anchored to the floor by large rivets.  A large
ball of bluish light emanates from within the sphere.

     The sphere melts away, and the bluish light immediately
dissipates outward in all directions.

43   INT. SHELVED ROOM

     Ryoko appears, looking a little flustered.  Washu has
her arms crossed, trying to consider.  Mihoshi is faint with
confusion.

          WASHU:  I know what you're thinking, Ryoko.  I
just couldn't help believing it.

          RYOKO:  You know what I just saw?

          WASHU:  (turning)  A vision?  Oh, now I see.  You
received impressions.

          RYOKO:  (grim)  Impressions?!

     Mihoshi looks over at Tenchi.  They both look as if
someone told them the Earth really was flat.

          WASHU:  You're in no state for this.  You'll need
help.  Not all of them will be so happy to go free.

          RYOKO:  I know.  That princess is no help.  I
doubt you'll want to leave Tenchi here alone.

     CU. WASHU

     She smiles and glances around.

     CU. RYOKO

     Follows her gaze.

          RYOKO:  Oh!  No way!  You have got to be kidding
me.

     ROOM

     Washu is still looking at Mihoshi, who is about to
venture something.  Ryoko is scowling.

          MIHOSHI:  Uh...

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  There's no time to explain, Mihoshi.  Just
go with Ryoko.  She can explain later.

     CU. RYOKO

     Her arms are crossed.  She looks around at Mihoshi,
considering.

     ROOM

     Ryoko grabs Mihoshi, and they disappear.

     CU. WASHU

     She sighs and looks down at the floor.

          WASHU:  (softly)  Good luck, Ryoko.

     ROOM

     The bluish light gets a little brighter around Tenchi's
sphere.

          TENCHI:  (nervous)  Uh...  Little Washu?  I really
hate to bother you, but there's someone coming.

     Washu starts to approach the sphere, using her hand as
a visor against the light.

44   INT. CONTROL ROOM

     Ryoko is at the little table in the corner, setting the
large cup in the center of the ring.  A green ring appears
around the cup and a soft, white light streams down over the
command chair.  Ryoko turns to face Mihoshi, who is standing
in a corner, looking very nervous.

          RYOKO:  How much combat training have you had?

          MIHOSHI:  Huh?  Oh, like hand-to-hand?

          RYOKO:  Sword-fighting.  Can you use a sword?

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Uh...  I had a couple of seminars.  I
think I remember the basics.

     CU. RYOKO

     Rolls her eyes.

          RYOKO:  (sigh)  It'll have to do.

     ROOM

     Ryoko hands a light-saber to Mihoshi.  Mihoshi looks
down at it, a little uncertainly.

          RYOKO:  Try not to hurt yourself with it.

          MIHOSHI:  Uh...  I could just use my blaster, you
know.

          RYOKO:  (smiling)  That toy won't do you any good.
Just remember your basics.  Parry, thrust, parry, thrust...

          MIHOSHI:  I can do that.

     CU. RYOKO

     She clutches her head for a moment.  She then looks
around.

          RYOKO:  I think there was supposed to be a
master-switch somewhere.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     Still in disbelief.

     CU. RYOKO

     Muttering to herself.

          RYOKO:  If I wasn't already drunk, I could really
use a drink right about now.  Mihoshi!

     ROOM

     Mihoshi nearly impales herself on the sword, turning.

          MIHOSHI:  Yes?

          RYOKO:  Wait for me in the hallway.  I'll be out
there, in a moment.

          MIHOSHI:  Okay...  (turning to leave)

          RYOKO:  (still looking)  Oh, Mihoshi.  If you see
them coming, don't run, or they'll get you for sure.

          MIHOSHI:  (very nervous)  Uh... okay.

     Mihoshi exits the room.

     CU. RYOKO

     She closes her eyes and rubs her head.  She then turns
and looks down.

          RYOKO:  Oh!  Here you are!  Hiding all the way
back here?  Shame on you.

45   INT. HALLWAY

     Mihoshi is trembling and looking around, like a rabbit
caught in a trap.  A couple of loud thuds go through the
air, and the floor shakes.  The lights flicker for a moment.
They brighten a little and then return to normal.

     Ryoko appears next to Mihoshi and she gasps.

          RYOKO:  I didn't miss anything, did I?

     Mihoshi is still gasping for breath.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (smiling grimly)  This is it!  Get ready.

     CU. MIHOSHI.

     She looks down, trying to find her breath.  She takes a
deep breath and looks up.  Her eyes get very wide as a low
rumble starts building and building.

     HALLWAY

     Ryoko's smile gets wider.  She points her palm outward.

          RYOKO:  (softly)  Wait till you see the light of
their eyes, then attack.

     Ryoko waits and waits.

     Mihoshi lets out a blood-curdling scream.  She starts
doing a basic drill, blindly, parrying and thrusting.  Ryoko
scowls and starts blasting a few shots low and wide.

          RYOKO:  (to herself)  Just my luck.  I always get
stuck with beginners...

46   INT. SHELVED ROOM

     The bluish light grows until everything is lost in a
bluish haze.  Washu is standing just behind the sphere, as
the figure of a woman appears just behind the small door.

     CU. TENCHI

     An arc of energy shoots through him like lightning, and
he collapses.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (alarmed)  Tenchi!

47   EXT. NEAR LAKE

     Early evening at a lake, framed by mountains.  The
mountains loom, snow-frosted, over brown grass and sleeping
trees.  Along a path through the trees walk two figures.

     A young man and a woman walk hand-in-hand, smiling.
The woman stops and makes a slight gesture with her eyes.
They embrace and kiss.

     They look out across the lake and then up.  A huge
spaceship appears.

     CU. YOUNG MAN

     He looks upward with wonder.  Pan to woman, who is
snarling.  She turns.

     CU. WOMAN

     The woman gestures in an expansive way.  The air
shimmers and the couple vanishes.

48   INT. LARGE UNDERGROUND RIVER

     The couple are standing at the edge.  The woman waves a
small wooden wand, and a sphere of shimmering light appears
around them.

     CU. WOMAN

     She scowls and looks over at the young man,
suggestively.

     RIVER EDGE

     The woman takes a wicked-looking dagger, nervously
brandishing it.  A short, uniformed man appears and rubs his
chin, thoughtfully.

     CU. YOUNG MAN

     He narrows his eyes.  Zoom out as he then turns and
tries to hold the woman back.  She wrenches him aside and
gestures, fairly casually.

     CU. UNIFORMED MAN

     He chuckles for a moment, then looks down in concern.

     RIVER EDGE

     A shimmering golden light flares across the short,
uniformed man.  It crosses his torso like the strap of a
large purse.  His hands shoot outward, trembling.  He then
dissolves into a mist.

     CU. YOUNG MAN

     He gives a look of mild shock.  He then narrows his
eyes and makes a warding gesture.  He flickers and vanishes.

49   EXT. FOREST

     A dark, inky sky bursts with a series of light streams,
like fireworks.  Tilt down to the small figure of a woman,
leaping through the forest like some fearsome bird.
Focus-in to an indistinct face--a woman with a slightly
scornful expression.

50   EXT. SMALL HILLSIDE

     The woman and Tenchi, who is sitting next to her, are
watching the figure go running across the plain.  The figure
is hit with a bright beam of light and falls.

          WOMAN:  That was me, many years ago.

     Tenchi turns to face her.  She smiles, somewhat
sardonically.  Her hair is dark but seems very unnaturally
soft.  Her face has a dangerously feral look with wide
cheeks and a narrow chin.  Her eyes appear to glitter like
those of a madman.

          WOMAN:  You find me attractive?  I thought so.  I
knew you would.

51   INT. SHELVED ROOM

     Tenchi snaps his eyes open and gasps.  He slowly starts
to stand.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Tenchi!  Are you all right?

     CU. TENCHI

     Rubbing his head.

          TENCHI:  Yeah, I'm fine.  I just had the weirdest
vision.

     ROOM

     A figure stands at the small door, looking confused.

          FIGURE:  (softly)  What's the matter?  Why are you
still here?

          WASHU:  Who are you?

          FIGURE:  No one you need to concern yourself with.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  You mind if I ask, then?  Who are you?

     CU. FIGURE

     The figure starts looking more and more distinctive.

          FIGURE:  Don't you feel who I am?  I am a princess
of a world called Jurai.  I feel this world in your blood.
My name is Ayeka.

     CU. WASHU

     Nearly falling over in surprise.

          WASHU:  Sweet Mary, Moses and Buddha!

     CU. TENCHI

     Narrows his eyes.

          TENCHI:  She's some other Ayeka, Washu.

     CU. FIGURE

          FIGURE:  I'm not just anyone.  I am the seventh
generation of a pure bloodline.  I was meant for the throne,
but the elite pirate swine made it theirs for a time.  I was
forced to play handmaid to a dog and driven away like some
petty thief.  I am an heiress to a higher dimension, trapped
in this cage.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (considering)  What do you mean by that?

52   INT. SHELVED ROOM

     Mihoshi and Ryoko appear.  Mihoshi falls to her knees
and starts to weep, while Ryoko goes over to Washu.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Still?  What's the deal?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (smiling)  I see you made it back in one
piece.  So, how did she do?

     ROOM

     Mihoshi weeps while Ryoko talks to Washu.

          RYOKO:  (matter-of-factly)  I have to say she did
all right, for a first-timer.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Hey, Ryoko.  I don't know what's going
on, but it doesn't look too serious to me.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (softly)  Well, that depends on what you
consider serious.

     CU. FIGURE

          FIGURE:  (confused again)  Who are all these
fools?  What do they want with you?

53   INT. SHELVED ROOM

     Ryoko erupts in anger.

          RYOKO:  Hey!  You listen!  Nobody talks to my
Tenchi like that!  You just leave him alone!

          FIGURE:  Oh, and who are you?  A playmate,
perhaps?  Shall we take you along for amusement?

          RYOKO:  Oh!  How dare you?!

     CU. RYOKO

     Powers-up some attack of fearsome proportions.  She
flies backward.

     CU. FIGURE

     Merely gestures lightly.

          FIGURE:  (whimsical)  Young man, you should be
careful.  That demon could hurt you.

     ROOM

     Tenchi turns to Ryoko.

          TENCHI:  Are you okay, Ryoko?

          RYOKO:  She just caught me off-guard.  Are you
okay, Mihoshi?

          MIHOSHI:  (starting to calm)  I think I'm going to
be sick...

          RYOKO:  Oh, don't worry.  I'll make a hardened
veteran of you, yet.

          MIHOSHI:  No way!  I am never combat-fighting
again!

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Sorry, lady.  We can't let you take
Tenchi.  You can just forget about it.

     CU. FIGURE

          FIGURE:  Really?  Do I look forgetful?

     CU. RYOKO

     Narrows her eyes in recognition.

          RYOKO:  A princess of Jurai, I'd wager.  No
wonder.  What is it, with you Juraians?

     CU. FIGURE

          FIGURE:  You'd wager?  What are you, one of those
pirate scum?

     CU. RYOKO

     Spitting in disgust.

          RYOKO:  I remember now.  You're that assassin.
You were hunted down, so you escaped and hid out here.  You
weren't happy with just killing people for political gain,
so you killed your own lover!

54   INT. SHELVED ROOM

     The figure is trembling in anger.  Tenchi rubs his
head, thoughtfully.

          FIGURE:  You accuse me of murder?!  How dare you?

          TENCHI:  (disgusted)  Could everybody please calm
down?  It doesn't matter, anyway!  I already have a lover!

          FIGURE:  Oh, I see!  I suppose this devil-woman is
your lover.  Well, that doesn't matter to me.

          TENCHI:  Actually, she wasn't the woman I was
referring to.  (gesturing toward Mihoshi)  She is.

          FIGURE:  (snorting)  You must be joking.  Her?
What's special about her?

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  (trembling)  Uh... Tenchi?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (very worried)  Tenchi?  Are you nuts?  Do
you have a death-wish or something?

     ROOM

     Ryoko is stalking toward the sphere, looking a little
pale.

          TENCHI:  (casually)  She's pretty and she has a
wonderful attitude.  And she's a great kisser.

          RYOKO:  (outrage)  What?

          WASHU:  Oh boy.

     Mihoshi faints.  The figure looks a little nonplussed,
then laughs.

          FIGURE:  Oh!  I see.  You really had me going,
there!  You're quite a kidder!

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Is this woman for real?

     CU. TENCHI

     Tenchi sighs with irritation and ponders.

     CU. FIGURE

     She looks around, considerately.

          FIGURE:  Seriously, though.  Can't you just make
them go away?  They're really getting on my nerves.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  I don't suppose you could come out here,
instead?

55   INT. SHELVED ROOM

          FIGURE:  Well, there are two problems with that.
First of all, like I already said, I'm stuck in here.  You
see, once you enter the vortex, you can't leave.  Secondly,
I'm supposed to be a guardian.  It doesn't mean much, now
that your friends have opened the prison, but I can't just
leave my body behind.

          WASHU:  Why not?

          FIGURE:  (annoyed)  Would you leave yours?  I
could just take all of you, you know.  The truth is, it's
just terribly lonely in a place like this.  I mean, you
cannot imagine how long I've been in here.

          RYOKO:  I can.  I had a nice little chat with some
of your old friends.  They seem to think that death is
preferable to spending eternity with you.

          FIGURE:  How rude!  Maybe you would find death
preferable to your life?  I can arrange it.

     CU. TENCHI

     He appears nervous and a little taken aback.

          TENCHI:  (VO)  In retrospect, I should admit my
mind was a complete blank at this point.  It's probably a
good thing too.  I would have never done anything like this
if I actually had time to think about it.  I keep thinking
about it, and it still doesn't make any sense.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Is that a threat?

     CU. FIGURE

     Brandishing a wicked-looking dagger.

          FIGURE:  There's one way to find out.

56   INT. SHELVED ROOM

     Tenchi examines the dagger, curiously.  He then reaches
through the bars of the sphere into the vortex, and takes
the dagger from the figure's hand.  He looks at the dagger.

          TENCHI:  You should be more careful, lady.  You
really don't know what this thing can do, do you?

          FIGURE:  (stunned)  How did you do that?

          TENCHI:  This is a pirate weapon, right?

     CU. FIGURE

     She drops to her knees at the doorway.

     CU. WASHU

     She looks at Tenchi very curiously.

          WASHU:  Uh...

     CU. RYOKO

     She starts to tremble with fear.

     CU. TENCHI

     He finishes examining the dagger.

          TENCHI:  I know about these things.  Ayeka--the
other one--told me all about it.  They're very dangerous,
you know.  I hate to sound patronizing, but it really is
safer for me to keep this.

57   INT. SHELVED ROOM

          FIGURE:  No...  It simply cannot be.  I am the
heiress of a higher dimension.  You're just a boy.

          RYOKO:  The what?

          TENCHI:  (kindly)  I could come and visit, if you
like.  I don't think I'd want to stay, though.  It looks
like it would be awfully boring.

          FIGURE:  (seriously annoyed)  Don't touch me
again!  I want to be alone.

     The small door closes with a bang!  The room goes
completely dark.

          TENCHI:  (OC)  Uh... Little Washu?  Could you do
me a favor?

58   EXT. WASHU'S LABORATORY

     Ryoko and Mihoshi are off to the side.  Tenchi is still
trapped in the sphere.  The dagger tumbles out of his hands.

          WASHU:  Okay, everybody.  We're all fine.  No harm
done.

     Mihoshi is starting to come out of her faint.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh, man!  What happened?

     Ryoko is still trembling in fear.  She scowls and
clenches her fists.

          RYOKO:  Are you crazy, Tenchi?  You realize what
could have happened?

     Tenchi leans on his knees as the sphere disappears.  He
closes his eyes and takes a long breath.

          TENCHI:  Well, at least Ayeka didn't have to
witness that spectacle.  I mean the other one.

     CU. RYOKO

     Ryoko sways a bit.  She is still scowling.

          RYOKO:  The other one?

     CU. MIHOSHI

     She gasps as she starts to stand and falls back down,
clutching her left ankle.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (collecting herself)  Oh, just forget it.
I'm going to bed before I pass out.

59   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     The house framed nicely in morning sunlight.

60   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ayeka is still passed out.  Sasami and Noboyuki enter.

          SASAMI:  (sighing)  Here she is.

61   INT. TENCHI'S BEDROOM

     Tenchi is lying in bed.  Ryoko appears and leans over
the bed, kissing him.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Hey!  What's going on?

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (laughing)  Good morning, lover boy.  Oh,
don't get so upset!  I'm just playing around, you know.

     BEDROOM

     Tenchi sits up.

          TENCHI:  There are nicer ways to play, Ryoko.

          RYOKO:  So, now I'm not nice?  (chuckling)  Hurry
up, Tenchi.  You don't want to be late for breakfast.

     Ryoko vanishes.

     CU. TENCHI

     He yawns and scratches his head, thoughtfully.

62   INT. WEST HALLWAY

     Tenchi enters.  Noboyuki enters, holding up Ayeka.

          NOBOYUKI:  Good morning, Son.  Say, could you give
me hand here?  She's heavier than she looks.

     CU. TENCHI

     Shakes his head in disgust.

63   INT. AYEKA'S ROOM

     Tenchi and Noboyuki enter, carrying Ayeka.  They gently
lay her down on a bed.  Mihoshi is sitting up in another
bed.  She has her arms wrapped around her legs and is slowly
rocking back and forth.

          TENCHI:  Good morning, Mihoshi.  Say, are you all
right?

     Mihoshi continues to stare off into space.

          MIHOSHI:  The faces...  It was so horrible!

          NOBOYUKI:  (softly)  Huh?  What's up with her?

64   INT. MAIN HALL (table)

     Tenchi is just finishing breakfast.  Yosho and Washu
are sitting across from him.

          TENCHI:  Oh!  I guess I was hungrier than I
thought.

          YOSHO:  Tenchi...

          TENCHI:  Sorry, Grandpa.  Excuse me.  I'll just go
do some chores.

     Tenchi gets up.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  Be quick about it, Tenchi.  Don't be late
for school.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (very polite)  Yes, Grandpa.

     INT. MAIN HALL (table)

     Tenchi exits.

          WASHU:  (pondering)  I'm not sure I see your
point.

          YOSHO:  It's a very strange discrepancy.  You
would think that we could tell by now.

          WASHU:  Yes.  I thought it was a little strange,
myself...

65   INT. KITCHEN

     Sasami and Tenchi are watching Ryo-Ohki.  Ryo-Ohki is
in humanoid infant form, going through a dance.  She
finishes, and they clap enthusiastically.

66   EXT. A FORESTED HILL

     The trees sway in a strong breeze.  Ryoko sits in a
high branch.  She clutches some flowers in her hands and
sighs.

FADE OUT

EPILOGUE  (A discourse on physics):

67   EXT. WASHU'S LABORATORY

     Washu is working on a bizarrely complicated formula.
Mihoshi appears and looks over her shoulder.  Mihoshi
ponders for a few moments over some of the items.

          MIHOSHI:  Is that relativity?

          WASHU:  (surprised)  Gah!  What are you doing
here?

          MIHOSHI:  Hmm...  That's a mass-particle formula,
right?

     Washu looks curiously at Mihoshi, and frowns.

          WASHU:  Yeah, it is.  So?

          MIHOSHI:  Well, if that's relativity, then it
implies that a photon has infinite energy.

     Washu rolls her eyes.

          WASHU:  Relativity!  (snorting)  Actually, this is
an approximation of a cross-correlation in quantum
conservation.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh!  So, how do you account for the
infinity?

          WASHU:  (smug)  A photon has zero mass.

          MIHOSHI:  But, isn't energy equivalent to mass?

          WASHU:  (annoyed)  Yes.  And you don't need
Einstein to prove it.  Simple logic is sufficient.

          MIHOSHI:  Really?

          WASHU:  (sigh)  If it weren't, all matter in the
universe would come apart.  Everything would explode
constantly.

          MIHOSHI:  Wow.  I see.  So, the infinite movement
of a photon is simply multiplied by its mass--which is
zero--giving it a constant mass.

          WASHU:  Exactly.

          MIHOSHI:  But that doesn't make any sense.

          WASHU:  What do you mean?

          MIHOSHI:  Infinity is really just X divided by
zero, right?

          WASHU:  (wary)  Right...

          MIHOSHI:  X divided by zero times zero is equal to
X.

     Washu looks upward, pleadingly.

          WASHU:  Only a nitwit like you would think to
cancel out zeros, Mihoshi.  Don't you know anything about
math?

          MIHOSHI:  Huh?

          WASHU:  Look.  If I let you cancel zero out of a
division with a multiplication by zero--

     Washu illustrates with a fairly simple equation.

          WASHU:  --you could also just as easily prove that
one plus one equals one.  It's insane!

          MIHOSHI:  Oh.  So, how do you account for the
lateral discrepancy?  The fluctuations in the field
harmonics indicate a definite mass.

          WASHU:  (groaning)  But if a photon had mass, it
would accumulate the mass of the entire universe!  It's not
possible!  Look at the velocities involved!

          MIHOSHI:  But that's only if the universe is not
contained within a medium--

          WASHU:  Oh, not you too--  Ether theories are for
mental pygmies!  The formulae for the standard theories are
sufficient, even if they don't yet agree.

          MIHOSHI:  But if you can't cancel the zeros, the
standard theories can never be resolved.

          WASHU:  Look, Mihoshi.  Zero is really just the
opposite of infinity.  You understand?  It doesn't operate
on the same principles as the rest of math.  It's very
simple.

          MIHOSHI:  But--

          WASHU:  Really, Mihoshi.  I'm a genius.  Trust me.
I know what I'm doing.  Now, would you go away, already.
You're starting to bother me.

     Mihoshi looks down, then starts to leave.

          WASHU:  (softly)  Ether...  (she flinches)  Next
thing you know, she'll claim to have invented the wheel...

     Washu looks at her equation thoughtfully for a moment,
looks back around at Mihoshi and scowls.

          WASHU:  (softly)  Oh, just forget it...

THE END


