
Author:   Mike Fenton <mpfenton@hotmail.com>
Title:    DYING FOR A LITTLE INTRIGUE
Notes:    Regular (OVA), script format
Summary:  Menacing figures are on the move.

[Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are the
property of AIC and Pioneer LDC, Inc. and was created by
Masaki Kajishima.  This story comes entirely from my
imagination, and is strictly intended to be apocryphal--so
please don't sue me.]

1    EXT. MASAKI SHRINE

     A cool autumn day, with colorful trees.

2    INT. SHRINE

     Sasami is sitting at a table across from Yosho, holding
little Michiko, drinking tea.

          SASAMI:  I expected Ayeka to do well, but this is
very surprising.

          YOSHO:  You should know Ayeka by now.  She can be
very convincing when she needs to be.

          SASAMI:  When do you expect her back?

          YOSHO:  Soon.  She won't stay away for very long.
You know that.

     CU. SASAMI

     She takes a sip and smiles at Michiko.

          SASAMI:  Yes.  Funaho grows more and more
impressed with Mihoshi, I hear.

     CU. YOSHO

     Smiling, wryly.

          YOSHO:  I'm beginning to envy Mihoshi.  She has
the most outstanding luck, at times.

3    EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Noboyuki enters the house, looking serene and cheerful.

4    INT. MAIN HALL

     Tenchi is looking over a newspaper, as Noboyuki enters,
holding a cup of coffee.

          NOBOYUKI:  Oh, hey there, Son.  How goes the
vacation?

          TENCHI:  Just about over.  I'm not sure I can go
back to Leo, now, but I hate to stay away.  Ever since
Kimiko went back, I've been thinking about going back, as
well.

          NOBOYUKI:  Well, at least you won't be going back
by yourself.

          TENCHI:  (amused)  This is the first chance I've
had to be alone.

          NOBOYUKI:  Yeah, your shadow is over at the
shrine.  I saw her returning a few moments ago.

          TENCHI:  (sighing)  I never realized two people
could get so close.  I keep thinking she should really stop
annoying me all the time.

     CU. NOBOYUKI

     Smiling sympathetically.

          NOBOYUKI:  Your mother and I were like that a lot.
We had a lot of tiffs.

     CU. TENCHI

     A little surprised.

          TENCHI:  Really?

     CU. NOBOYUKI

          NOBOYUKI:  Oh, yeah.

     MAIN HALL

     Sasami enters, carrying Michiko.  She sits next to
Tenchi, and they hold each other for a moment, as Noboyuki
looks on, smiling.

     Noboyuki ponders for a moment while drinking some
coffee, then rubs his chin.

          NOBOYUKI:  Tenchi, did I ever tell you how I met
your mother?

          TENCHI:  Huh?  No, I don't recall...

          SASAMI:  Huh?  Oh, this should be interesting...

     CU. NOBOYUKI

     Grinning, as he recalls.

          NOBOYUKI:  Ah, yeah.  I was at a bar, just about
to ask for some directions.  I bumped into this really
disreputable looking figure.  To my surprise, it turned out
to be a woman, and she immediately got on my case.  She
started calling me names, threatening me, and pushing me
around very rudely.  The whole bar thought it was amusing,
while I tried to talk my way out of it.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Boy!  What a bitch!

     CU. SASAMI

     Chuckling, fairly restrained.

     CU. NOBOYUKI

          NOBOYUKI:  (smiling)  Yeah...  Well, that bitch
turned out to be your sweet mother--Achika.  I'll bet you
didn't expect that.

     CU. TENCHI

     Wide-eyed with shock.

     CU. SASAMI

     Looking back and forth between Tenchi and Noboyuki.

     MAIN HALL

     Noboyuki makes a toast with his coffee cup and winks.

          NOBOYUKI:  It was love at first sight.  You see,
under that vicious facade, your mother was just an angel.

          TENCHI:  Wow.  This is amazing.  I never realized
all this.  I thought you two had met at school, or something
like that.

     Noboyuki grins, and Sasami smiles in a very knowing
way.

          NOBOYUKI:  (a little confused)  Achika in a
school--  I'm having a little trouble picturing that.
Sorry, Tenchi.  I hate to burst your illusions, but Achika
was just a juvenile delinquent when she was young.  The only
time she ever went to school was when she was forced to--
and, even then, she spent most of the time picking on the
other kids.  She was one mean bully, too.  Anyone with any
sense steered well clear of her and her little gang.

          SASAMI:  Really?  Wow.  This is the first I've
heard of Achika and her school days.

     CU. NOBOYUKI

     Looking a little pained.

          NOBOYUKI:  Yeah.  She confessed all this to me,
later--after all the training.  She changed so much, Tenchi.
It was amazing.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  She was a better person after Yosho
started training her?

     CU. SASAMI

     Looking a little mortified.

     CU. NOBOYUKI

     Grieved, a little disbelieving.

          NOBOYUKI:  Yeah.  She changed a little too fast,
though.  Nobody should have to learn so much so quickly,
Tenchi.  The guilt can be overwhelming.  (sigh)  I'm just
glad you two got a hold of it while you had the chance.

     MAIN HALL

     Tenchi and Sasami look at Michiko.

          SASAMI:  I think Michiko is glad, too.  She
already has more sense than both of us put together.

          TENCHI:  I could never stay mad with Sasami.
She's my sweet angel.

          SASAMI:  You're just a fawning, naughty little
boy, Tenchi.  You can't fool me.  I see right through all
your flattery.

     CU. TENCHI

     Grinning, putting an arm around Sasami.

          TENCHI:  (sigh)  Speaking of seeing right through
things...  When is Grandpa going to stop wearing that stupid
disguise?

     CU. SASAMI

     Wide-eyed and gaping in shock.

     CU. NOBOYUKI

          NOBOYUKI:  (musing)  I have no idea, Tenchi.  I
can't figure out why he's wearing it in the first place.
Maybe he thinks he's fooling Ayeka.

     MAIN HALL

     Sasami looks down, trying to suppress some laughter.

          TENCHI:  Something wrong, Sasami?  You knew about
the disguise, didn't you?

     Sasami gasps and starts laughing out loud.

          NOBOYUKI:  I guess nobody bothered to tell her.

     Tenchi looks a little embarrassed.

          TENCHI:  Oops.  Sorry about that, Sasami.

5    EXT. OUTPOST

     The sky is slowly turning purple in evening light.
Dark shadows cross over a large building, as airships go by.
Pan around to a training field.  A couple uniformed figures
go running through part of a course, as a small figure goes
through some simple martial arts drills--some simple punches
and kicks.

6    EXT. BALCONY

     Funaho and Belena are standing, observing.  Funaho
folds her arms as Belena leans on a railing.

          FUNAHO:  She moves rather rhythmically, don't you
think?

          BELENA:  Hmm...  Yes, she's quite attached to the
old ways.

          FUNAHO:  I think she takes after her father.

     CU. BELENA

          BELENA:  (annoyed)  She's a little young for that.
I'm surprised you go in for that genetic mysticism.

     CU. FUNAHO

     Rolling her eyes in disgust.

          FUNAHO:  You must think very highly of me.  I
wonder where you got this impression.

     CU. BELENA

     Frowning, folding her arms.

          BELENA:  Well...  It's not every day that you see
the entire Pirate Guild thwarted--an entire planet invaded
while Kardanna sits on his hands.  It makes me wonder
whether Kardanna isn't really a myth.

     BALCONY

     Funaho ponders for a moment, as Belena looks around.

          FUNAHO:  It wouldn't be the first time--cruelty in
a leader seems far more cruel if you never see his face.
For all we know, Kardanna could be a myth--maybe even a
woman.

     Belena looks back around at Lania, scanning closely.

          BELENA:  Maybe Lania here is Kardanna.

          FUNAHO:  How could that be?  You keep a close eye
on her, don't you?  She never escapes your attention, does
she?

          BELENA:  No.  Don't be absurd.  I was attempting
to commune with your mysticism.  She could be speaking with
the stars or the sky.

          FUNAHO:  (amused)  Now I know you think highly of
me.  Only a goddess could be capable of such a thing.  As
for Lania, I doubt she holds to mysticism--unless you are
not as agnostic as you pretend to be.

     CU. BELENA

     Flinching in brief shock, and suddenly composed.

     CU. FUNAHO

     Smiling, knowingly.

     CU. BELENA

          BELENA:  (scowling)  I know you're spying on me,
Funaho.  It doesn't matter.  Lania does not fear me as she
did once.  I control her now through subtle ploys.

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  (still smiling)  Yes.  I see she's grown
good at using subtlety, herself.

     BALCONY

     Belena turns back to Funaho, wondering.

          BELENA:  Really?

          FUNAHO:  Yes.  Somehow, Little Lania arranged for
the fourth factions in the Galaxy Union to object when the
order came down to turn back a Galaxy Police rebellion.

          BELENA:  How do you know it was Lania?

          FUNAHO:  Isn't it obvious?  The fourth factions
have always had ties to the Pirate Guild, but they always
tried to keep them secret.  No word ever made it back to me
about them, so the decision must have been within the Pirate
Guild.  It could not have been Kardanna--he was busy,
forcing our fleet to chase his around the galaxy.  So, the
order must have come from her.

          BELENA:  Oh, I see.  An Alpha traitor made contact
with the Supreme Council.  Now, I suspect you think he's a
double-agent.

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  I suspect many people of being double-
agents, Belena.

     CU. BELENA

          BELENA:  (smiling)  You need not worry about me,
Funaho.  I know where my loyalties lie.

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  (grimly amused)  I would never dare
suggest otherwise.

7    EXT. TENCHI'S HOUSE

     A sun-like star is setting on the horizon, leaving the
sky dark and filled with stars.  A small groundcar pulls up
to the front, and a couple of figures emerge.

8    INT. STUDY

     Ryoko is standing at the easel, considering.  Kimiko is
sitting at the chessboard, frowning.  Ayeka is sitting at
the sofa, reading.

          RYOKO:  (to Kimiko)  What do you think?

     Kimiko looks around, a little surprised.

          KIMIKO:  Yeah...  That's what I was talking about.
Layer the pressures with the strokes.  Keep your shades
varied.  It lets you create more complexity as well as
depth.

     CU. RYOKO

     Rolling her eyes.

          RYOKO:  This is too easy.  I don't know what makes
you such a great artist.

     CU. KIMIKO

     Looking back at the chessboard.

          KIMIKO:  Great art is mostly just great
reputation.  The rest is a mixture of skill and luck.

     CU. AYEKA

     Looking over her book.

          AYEKA:  I'm surprised to hear you admit this,
Kimiko.  Aren't you worried that Ryoko could eventually
develop a greater reputation?

     STUDY

          KIMIKO:  (amused)  I never developed my own
reputation.  Anyway, reputations are for people who can't
handle their own egos.  The truth is, we're all exactly
alike.

          AYEKA:  I'm not the same as Mihoshi, I think.

          KIMIKO:  Oh?  Is Mihoshi smarter?  Oh yeah, I seem
to recall that invasion was her idea.

          AYEKA:  I did all the hard work.  I had to get
three different groups of hold-outs to go along with our
group of mercenaries.

     Ryoko smiles, looking back and forth between the two.

          RYOKO:  (softly)  I think I just found
inspiration.

     Washu looks in briefly, somewhat concerned.

          WASHU:  I think we're going to have company.

          RYOKO:  Who?

          AYEKA:  Lord Tenchi has returned?

          WASHU:  Yeah.

          KIMIKO:  It's about time.

          RYOKO:  (confused)  Who?

     CU. AYEKA

     Getting up, putting away the book.

          AYEKA:  Little Washu, don't tell me she still
doesn't remember--

     CU. WASHU

     Sighing calmly.

          WASHU:  Just be grateful.  I'd avoid a meeting
like this, otherwise.

9    INT. MAIN HALL

     Kimiko fills a small cup from the statue of Callisto,
and takes a drink.  Tenchi and Sasami enter, Sasami with
Michiko.  Tenchi sets aside a couple of bags, as Sasami
meets up with Kimiko.

          TENCHI:  Hey, Kimiko.

          SASAMI:  It's nice to see you, again.  We hope you
didn't have to wait too long.

          KIMIKO:  It wasn't long.  Anyway, I had company.
I hope you don't mind a few more visitors.

     CU. TENCHI

     Casually putting away travelling clothes.

          TENCHI:  Students, again?  I hope they aren't
pestering you for advice...

     CU. SASAMI

     Frowning, somewhat annoyed.

     MAIN HALL

     Kimiko offers and takes Michiko from Sasami.  Sasami
gratefully looks back for a moment at Tenchi.  Washu enters
from the study.

          WASHU:  Welcome back, Tenchi.  You'll never guess
who's with me.

     Sasami looks very shocked, as Tenchi frowns for a
moment, then smiles.

          TENCHI:  Oh, wow.  (scratching his head nervously)
This is incredible.  I wasn't sure we'd ever see you again,
Little Washu.

          KIMIKO:  Go on, Washu.  Don't leave them in
suspense.

     Ayeka and Ryoko emerge from the study.  Ayeka ponders
grimly as Ryoko looks on curiously.

     CU. TENCHI

     Fainting from shock.

     CU. SASAMI

     Gasping, as she looks from Ryoko to Tenchi.

     MAIN HALL

     Sasami manages to catch Tenchi in a very nimble move.
She looks up at Ryoko again, still very shocked.

          RYOKO:  Who are they?  They look familiar, but I
can't quite place them.

          WASHU:  That's Tenchi and Sasami.  Remember?
You've seen their pictures.

          RYOKO:  Huh?  Oh, I see.  Boy, did they get old or
what?

          AYEKA:  Those pictures are mostly of them as
children, Little Washu.

          KIMIKO:  Looks like Tenchi has the delicate
constitution, after all.

     CU. WASHU

     Thoughtful.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Huh?  Well, of course.

     MAIN HALL

     Sasami has managed to carry Tenchi to a sofa, where she
is waving a fan in his face.

          SASAMI:  It's okay, Tenchi.  I should've expected
this.  Don't tell me Mihoshi's in the solarium...

          KIMIKO:  Well...

     CU. WASHU

     Smiling.

     CU. SASAMI

     She sits and gently leans her head against Tenchi.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (to Ayeka)  They make a cute couple, huh?

     CU. AYEKA

     Bristling with anger.

10   INT. SOLARIUM

     Mihoshi is sitting at the edge of the pool, holding a
rabbit in her arms, petting it.  Sasami enters, smiling
indulgently.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh!  Sasami, hello!  I'm not in the way,
am I?

     Mihoshi gets up, still petting the rabbit.

          SASAMI:  Hey, Mihoshi.  It's okay.  I was just
looking in.  I notice you've found the rabbits.

          MIHOSHI:  Yeah.  They're kinda cute, huh?  I like
this one.  He doesn't squirm around a lot like the others.
Does he have a name?

     CU. SASAMI

     Looking closely at the rabbit.

          SASAMI:  That's Kinuko.

     SOLARIUM

     Sasami goes to a small rabbit hut.

          SASAMI:  (pointing)  That one's Nariko, and that's
Shinobu.

     Mihoshi gapes in realization.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh!  They're all girl rabbits.  (a little
mortified)  I thought for sure you'd have at least one male.

          SASAMI:  (amused)  You know about rabbits, don't
you, Mihoshi.  You can't keep a male with a group of
females.  You'd suddenly have a hundred little rabbits.

     Mihoshi has a little chuckle at this thought.

          MIHOSHI:  Yeah, I guess so.  We human beings have
a little more self-control.

          SASAMI:  (musing)  We like to set goals and plan
for the future, unlike our little friend, here.  I think she
just likes to eat.

11   EXT. OBSCURE CANTINA

     A small crowd is gathered at the front, simply watching
the stars and pointing.

12   INT. DINING HALL

     Ryoko is at a table with Washu and Ayeka.  Ryoko and
Ayeka are eating, as Funaho enters.  She goes up to the
table and ponders.

          FUNAHO:  I see this place is as nice as you
described it.  I think I like the figurines, in particular.

     Ayeka turns and quickly stands.

          AYEKA:  Funaho--  (she makes a short bow)  How
nice to see you again.  I hope you are doing well.

     Funaho smirks, somewhat indulgently, and gestures.

          FUNAHO:  Ayeka--  No need to be so formal.  I was
just about to join you.  Little Washu, you do not mind?

     Washu grins and gestures.

          WASHU:  No, it's my pleasure.  Please, have a
seat.

     Ryoko looks around, curiously, as Ayeka finds her seat
again.

          FUNAHO:  (to Ryoko)  I don't mean to offend, but I
have not really made your acquaintance, have I?

     Ryoko glances at Washu, who merely stares back.

          RYOKO:  Uh...  I don't think so.  Funaho, right?

          FUNAHO:  Yes, that's correct.  (turning to Washu)
I was very upset to hear what had happened to Ryoko.  I feel
responsible.  Ryoko only went on that raid because I
insisted.

          WASHU:  It's no problem, Funaho.

          FUNAHO:  You sure?  I feel genuinely terrible.
I'd do anything to make it up to you.

     Ayeka looks at Washu, a little nervously.

          WASHU:  (smiling)  I said, it's no problem.  No
harm done, really.

          FUNAHO:  I hear she suffered amnesia from the
recovery.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (a little annoyed)  Actually, what she's
suffering is a dissociative reaction.  I wish it were as
simple as amnesia.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Dissociative reaction?

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  (sullen)  Oh.  It's very troubling, but
you can manage, can you not?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  It's nothing I can't handle.

     DINING HALL

     Funaho looks curiously after Hikaru as he walks by.

          WASHU:  I thought for sure this bar would spark an
associative episode, but I guess it really does happen
spontaneously.

     Ayeka scowls with confusion, as Funaho nods, absently.

          FUNAHO:  You're prepared to give her a hypnotic
session, afterwards?

     CU. WASHU

     Rolling her eyes.

          WASHU:  I'd like to avoid something that
primitive.  Anyway, once she recovers her old memories, I
won't force her to remember these new ones.  You know I
don't operate that way.

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  Yes.  I hope you do not mind me saying
so, but you have a lot in common with Tsunami.  She always
says the same thing.

     DINING HALL

     Washu looks down, pondering, as Ayeka turns to Funaho.

          AYEKA:  Funaho, what's the difference between
amnesia and a dissociative reaction?

          WASHU:  Amnesia is just a natural reaction to some
physical trauma, Ayeka.  A dissociative reaction is much
more mental.  Amnesia can be treated and cured like any
other disease, but a dissociative reaction is like a
personality fragmentation--we don't really know that much
about it.

          FUNAHO:  The victim of this ailment, Ayeka, must
undergo something like an assimilation, afterward.  It can
be very trying, and can easily result in relapses.  I've
seen people relapse several times.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  I'm going to recover my old memories?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Yeah--

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  And I'm not going to be able to remember
what I'm doing now?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  That's right.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (thoughtful)  Oh.

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  Ayeka, I think you and I need to discuss
something in private.  I don't wish to bother Washu and
Ryoko with all these petty little problems of ours.

     DINING HALL

     Ayeka considers, as Washu glares at Funaho for a
moment, then turns to Ryoko.

          AYEKA:  Are you sure, Funaho?  Washu has always
given us valuable advice.

          WASHU:  Go on, Ayeka.  I have enough to think
about, as it is.

13   EXT. OBSCURE CANTINA

     Funaho and Ayeka walk out to the walkway, standing
among the sky-watchers.  Ayeka looks up briefly, then at
Funaho--who merely smiles.  Ayeka then touches Funaho's
shoulder for a moment.  Funaho looks around, a little
confused, then smiles in recognition.

          FUNAHO:  Oh!  No need for the touch-language,
Ayeka.  We are quite safe from spying eyes.

          AYEKA:  Really?

          FUNAHO:  This isn't an encounter.  So, you can
dispense with the family code-words, as well.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (amused)  I sometimes use code-words
without being aware of it.

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  (annoyed)  Yes, I know.  (musing)  Ayeka,
do you know how old I am?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  How old?  Uh...  Well, I don't know.

     WALKWAY

          FUNAHO:  I've become so old that I've recently
lost track of time itself.  I find the sensation very
troubling--and I wonder if you are prepared to experience
it, yourself.

          AYEKA:  Lost track of time?  What does that mean?

          FUNAHO:  Days and weeks are like a blur.  Years
and seasons no longer have any meaning to me, and I've
discovered that I can no longer remember my day of birth.  I
honestly don't remember how old I am.  If it wasn't written
in our archives, I might feel a need to worry I've lost this
part of myself forever.

          AYEKA:  (subdued)  Yes, that does sound troubling.

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  You realize how old Tsunami is?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  The histories say that she is as old as
Washu.

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  She is nearly ten times as old as I am.
Time means as much to her, I suspect, as the ramblings from
the quadrivium does to a man who has just discovered
Arcadia.

     CU. AYEKA

     Thinking carefully for a moment, then offering a
thought.

          AYEKA:  You're worried that she is behind the fall
of Jurai?

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  I'm fairly certain of that.

     WALKWAY

     Funaho looks up as she continues pondering.

          FUNAHO:  What worries me is what she intends to
make of Jurai.  I'm worried that her subversion of the
Pirate Guild will backfire.

          AYEKA:  Subversion?

          FUNAHO:  Don't tell me you haven't noticed the
pattern, here?  (sighing)  Tsunami is using Jurai as bait to
entrap the entire Pirate Guild in her plan for them.  She
means for us either to slowly insinuate our authority over
them, or for us to assimilate with them completely--the way
she has with Sasami.  She doesn't want to keep fighting with
the pirates forever.  She's starting to sense, perhaps, that
she will, one day, run out of time.

          AYEKA:  Maybe Tsunami has become so accustomed to
being assimilated that she thinks assimilation is the answer
to everything.

          FUNAHO:  (glancing at Ayeka for a moment)  Or
maybe she has not found her own time...

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Huh?

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  (softly)  Ayeka, you do realize that
there are two Tsunamis, don't you?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Two?

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  Yes, of course.  One is assimilated with
Sasami, and the other has yet to do so--she is still the
mind of a spaceship tree...

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Oh my god!

     WALKWAY

          FUNAHO:  I see you haven't given this subject due
consideration.  It seems to be something of a paradox.  I
always thought it was strange that Sasami looked so much
like Tsunami, but now I'm starting to think that Tsunami
always was Sasami, from the beginning.  It is a very
peculiar thought, but I find it harder and harder to
dispute, every day--every day that I notice, that is.

     Ayeka flinches, softly punching herself in the head.

          AYEKA:  Uh...  That can't be, though, can it?  A
paradox within a paradox?

          FUNAHO:  Why not?  You've seen stranger things
before, haven't you?

          AYEKA:  I don't think so...

          FUNAHO:  Oh, yes.  Now that I think about it,
Mihoshi's report said that Tenchi witnessed it.  The
appearance of a third Ryoko...  It was a terrible puzzle,
but I think I have it:  a triple-paradox.

          AYEKA:  I'm almost afraid to know what that is...

          FUNAHO:  A paradox within a paradox within a
paradox.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Nothing can be simple when that devil-
woman's involved.

     CU. FUNAHO

     Scowling, sympathetically.

          FUNAHO:  Tell me about it.

14   INT. DINING HALL

     Ryoko stops eating for a moment, suddenly looking at
Washu--concerned.

          RYOKO:  Washu?

     Washu gently sighs and looks around at Ryoko.

          WASHU:  Yes?

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  I don't want my old memories.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (a little amused)  I don't think you
really have a choice.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  I know, but I have a really bad feeling
about my old memories.  They're bad, aren't they?

     CU. WASHU

     Momentarily stunned, trying to ponder what to say.

          WASHU:  Well, maybe you'll get lucky and they
won't come back.

     DINING HALL

     Some patrons start to return from outside, as Ryoko
glares at Washu.

          WASHU:  Yeah, I know...

15   EXT. JURAI ROYAL PALACE

     A dark sky hangs over the palace, as thin clouds move
overhead, like large fingers.

16   INT. ELABORATE HALL

     Two figures enter the empty chamber from the hallway.
Melafi follows close behind the second figure.  The first
figure takes out a blaster and shoots Melafi and the second
figure.

     CU. FIRST FIGURE

          FIRST FIGURE:  You look much better dead,
Kardanna.  You never were much of a father-in-law.

     The first figure scowls in pain, as he is poked in the
neck by a small dart.

     HALL

     The first figure falls over dead.  A third figure
appears from behind the throne.

          THIRD FIGURE:  You were always too gullible, son-
in-law.  Just like those idiot Juraians.

17   EXT. OUTPOST

     The large, red planet is just beginning to rise in the
night sky.  A tiny figure leaps over a short fence, and
makes a run for the woods, soon followed by four uniformed
figures, all holding lights and scanning around.

18   EXT. WOODS

     Lania is in a dark outfit, slowly scanning around.  She
sees a flash of light and ponders briefly.  She looks around
and then goes toward the flash of light.

     CU. LANIA

     She stops and looks around, very confused.  She
suddenly gasps as she drops.

     WOODS

     A trap door slowly closes, as a circle of light goes
by.

19   INT. SHORT HALLWAY

     Lania is holding a small torch in a short hallway.  One
way leads to a door, and the other leads to a chamber,
obscured in shadow.  Lania goes toward the chamber,
cautiously.

20   INT. CHAMBER

     Lania slowly emerges into an empty chamber, looking
around with a torch in one hand, a blaster in the other.  A
soft, glowing figure suddenly starts to emerge.  Lania gasps
and shoots it.  The shot passes through, harmlessly.

     The glowing figure resolves into the shape of Tsunami,
looking fairly amused.

          FIGURE:  A simple hello would do.

     CU. LANIA

     Looking annoyed, then scowling in anger.

          LANIA:  What are you doing?  They'll track us for
sure, if you keep the signal going.

     CU. FIGURE

          FIGURE:  Oh, don't worry.  Washu discovered the
secrets of your little communications devices--very clever.
I'm using a similar technique for this little hologram.  I
have to admit, it's quite ingenious for a pirate device.
I've never known pirates to be so resourceful.

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  You Juraian dogs don't know what
resourcefulness means.  Your whole race is an abomination!

     CHAMBER

     The figure sighs, as she gestures.  A small chair
appears behind Lania that looks rather comfortable.

          FIGURE:  Is that any way to talk to an old friend?

          LANIA:  You're not my friend.  I was using you.  I
was intending to, anyway.  Then, I discover that you were
using me, all along.

     The figure looks very annoyed by this accusation.

          FIGURE:  (softly)  Please, have a seat and be a
little more gracious.  I did just save your life, a few
moments ago.

          LANIA:  Those guards were never dangerous--

          FIGURE:  By morning, they'll be dead, but only
because Belena will discover that they are in the pay of
your murderous father.

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  (stiff)  My father would never try to kill
me.

     CU. FIGURE

          FIGURE:  Are you sure about that?

     CU. LANIA

     Looking down, a little unsure.

     CHAMBER

     The figure gestures again, and Lania sits.

          LANIA:  So, why did you save me?  You want to use
me, again?  Whose bait am I going to be next?

          FIGURE:  Can't we just have a nice, polite
conversation, for once?

          LANIA:  I don't like being nice.  Nice is for
people who have a real home-- a family--

          FIGURE:  (a little nervous)  I sympathize, Lania.
Believe me.  But all this self-pity won't do you any good.
Take stock of your situation.  Believe in yourself.

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  Is that what you told Ryoko?

     CU. FIGURE

          FIGURE:  (casual)  You speak as if Ryoko were
dead.  Surely, you know she is alive?

     CU. LANIA

     Briefly surprised, then smiling.

          LANIA:  No, I didn't.  I'm glad to hear that she's
not dead.

     CU. FIGURE

          FIGURE:  Really?

     CHAMBER

     Lania leans back, as she considers.

          LANIA:  So, can I go now?  Our little chat at an
end?

          FIGURE:  Yes, but first I need a little favor.

          LANIA:  (amused)  You rob me of my control center,
my one chance for revenge, take all my gold, patronize me
like a child, and now you want me to do you a favor?

          FIGURE:  Yes.

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  (softly)  Why not?  This should be good
for a laugh...

     CU. FIGURE

          FIGURE:  If you should happen to encounter Ryoko
in your little escape tomorrow, I want you to make sure that
no danger comes to her.  Keep her safe.

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  What is Ryoko to you?  She's just Kagato's
old machine.

     CU. FIGURE

          FIGURE:  Ryoko is my friend.  From what you just
said, I assumed she was also yours.  You are comrades, after
all--you're both pirates.  Just look after her.

     CHAMBER

          LANIA:  What are you prepared to give me, in
return?

          FIGURE:  Must we always be making bargains, Lania?
Is this all that life is about for pirates?

          LANIA:  I'm not making any deals with you without
your word, Tsunami.  I trust you, but only if you give me
your word on something fair.

          FIGURE:  Okay.  If that's what you really want,
I'll deal.  You do me this favor, and I'll teach you
anything you want to know.

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  The light hawk wings?

     CU. FIGURE

          FIGURE:  I see you already have a lesson in mind.

     CU. LANIA

     She slowly ponders for a moment.

          LANIA:  Okay.  I'll keep Ryoko safe.  Don't you
worry about her.

     CU. FIGURE

          FIGURE:  Good.  You see how marvellous it is when
we get along?  I'd like for us to continue being friends,
Lania.

     CHAMBER

     Lania gets up, frowning.

          LANIA:  I already told you--we were never friends.
I have no friends.  I'm my own person.  I'll never be any
part of you!

21   EXT. TENCHI'S HOUSE

     A nice, cheery morning.  Ryo-Ohki looks around
suspiciously, then goes running down the walkway.

22   INT. KITCHEN

     Tenchi and Sasami are fixing some food.  Sasami is
carrying Michiko in a small papoose-pack.

          SASAMI:  Boy, Ryoko sure has changed.

          TENCHI:  She looks the same.

          SASAMI:  Yeah, but remember how she was before?

          TENCHI:  I think that's the problem.  She can't
remember.

     CU. SASAMI

     Casual, tasting some of the food.

          SASAMI:  It's not the same for you, Tenchi.  She's
forgotten so much more than you know.

     CU. TENCHI

     Amused, a little introspective.

          TENCHI:  Yeah.  I'm only a kid to both of you--
especially Ryoko.  She's what?  Five thousand?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (rolling her eyes)  Well, you can't judge
time the same way, Tenchi.  I mean, for her, five thousand
years is not all that different from five or five hundred
years.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Boy, it makes you think...

     CU. SASAMI

     Looking around at Tenchi, a little concerned.

          SASAMI:  Okay, Tenchi.  Cut that out.  Every time
you start thinking, it only gets you in trouble.

     KITCHEN

     Tenchi chuckles to himself, as Sasami sighs.

          SASAMI:  (softly)  I know.  You're wondering how
old I am.  You're wondering if you're going to live to see
Michiko grow up.

     Tenchi frowns in thought.

          SASAMI:  (a little nervous)  What are you
thinking, Tenchi?

          TENCHI:  You really want to know?

          SASAMI:  Yeah.

          TENCHI:  It's not good, is it?

          SASAMI:  What?

          TENCHI:  The answer to that question.  Will I see
Michiko grow up?

          SASAMI:  I don't know.  I don't think so.

          TENCHI:  So, what's the solution?  Are you
thinking about leaving?

          SASAMI:  There's no easy answer.  Any choice I
make is going to have serious drawbacks.  I know you want to
do what's best, Tenchi--but I need to do what's completely
fair.  That's not going to be easy.

     KITCHEN

     Washu enters, holding Ryo-Ohki.

          WASHU:  You mean, you need to change yourself into
an Earthling?

     Tenchi looks around, somewhat shocked.

          SASAMI:  Actually, I was thinking that I could
make Tenchi more like Funaho.

          WASHU:  But Funaho is even more of an Earthling
than Tenchi...

          SASAMI:  I know.  What I meant was that I needed a
way to keep Tenchi young without losing Ayeka.

          WASHU:  I think Yosho is stuck on Earth, too.

          SASAMI:  Yes, and going to Jurai is not really an
option, now.

          WASHU:  Not unless you want to end up fighting the
pirates forever...

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Huh?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  It's okay, Tenchi.  We'll figure
something out.  Washu is a genius, and you know I would do
anything for you--even become an Earthling, if necessary.

     KITCHEN

     Washu ponders for a moment.

          WASHU:  I think I have an idea, but you'll have to
let Ryoko stay here while you live on Leo.  It's the only
way.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi, could you finish making
breakfast?  Little Washu and I need to go talk about this,
privately.

23   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     A cold rain falls on browned grass, in morning
sunlight.  Pan around to the house, perched on the hill.

24   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ayeka and Yosho are sitting across from each other at
the table as Mihoshi drinks some tea at another end.  Yosho
looks curiously around, and frowns.

          YOSHO:  Shouldn't we discuss this privately?

          AYEKA:  Mihoshi and I are such good friends,
Yosho.  I would not feel comfortable leaving her out.

          YOSHO:  No offense intended, Ayeka, but I do not
know if I can rely on her confidence.  Everyone soon learns
whatever Mihoshi knows.

          AYEKA:  My dear brother, everyone knows about your
disguise.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Disguise?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Except Mihoshi, of course.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  Does this mean that Ryoko knows, as well?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Whatever Ryoko knows does not really
matter at this point, I think.  Ryoko would have no interest
in your affairs as she is now, and once she remembers who
she was, I doubt she would care.

     DINING HALL

     Yosho takes a drink, as Mihoshi ponders.

          MIHOSHI:  Yosho doesn't really wear a disguise,
does he?

          AYEKA:  Come now, my brother.  Don't tell me
you've grown attached to it.

     Yosho glares at Ayeka for a moment, then drops the
disguise.

          YOSHO:  (speaking naturally)  It takes some
effort, but I've grown so accustomed to doing it, that it's
like an old shirt--I just put it on without thinking.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh my god!  All this time, you really
looked like that?

     Yosho grins, as Ayeka smirks.

          AYEKA:  Getting a laugh out of Mihoshi is easy,
indeed.  I think it was worth the risk.

          YOSHO:  If what you say is true, then there really
isn't any risk, anymore.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Noboyuki didn't say how long he's known,
but I suspect that Tenchi has known for the past few years.
As for Washu, she only realized this when I made my verbal
feint with Sasami.  Her silent confession was most
illuminating.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Washu and Yosho--?

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  (annoyed)  Mihoshi, don't be ridiculous.
She was referring to Sasami--or, more to the point, Tsunami.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Oh, so that's why you were wearing it in
the first place.  Tsunami was afraid for Sasami.

     MAIN HALL (table)

          AYEKA:  Tsunami was looking out for herself.  I
suppose she explained it in a way that made it seem most
proper and decent.

          YOSHO:  Actually, Ayeka, she was looking out for
my best interests.  Had Sasami seen me for who I really was
and discovered what I had done, she would have been outraged
and terribly hurt.  Tsunami didn't want to risk hurting my
feelings--or yours.

          AYEKA:  Huh?

          YOSHO:  She didn't just make me wear a disguise,
after all.

          MIHOSHI:  What--?

          AYEKA:  What else did she do?

          YOSHO:  She also made the general wear one, as
well.  Tsunami protected him from your wrath.  She knew all
about your little affair.

     CU. AYEKA

     Very stunned.

          AYEKA:  You mean, he is still alive?

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  No.  I just learned this morning that he
tried to betray Kardanna, and was murdered, himself.

     CU. AYEKA

     Reeling in shock.

          AYEKA:  Uh...

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  Sasami is very thoughtful, Ayeka.  She
went to a lot of trouble to keep you as happy as she could.
Even after I tested her motives, she defended you.  I had a
hard time believing that she was the same person I offended
before Sasami was even born.

     MAIN HALL

     Ayeka frowns, considering.

          MIHOSHI:  Wait a minute.  Ayeka and some
general--?  You and Tsunami--?  I'm feeling dizzy...

          AYEKA:  It wasn't like that, Mihoshi.  Everything
we did was completely innocent.

          YOSHO:  Just a little fling, eh?

          AYEKA:  General Kent meant nothing to me.  Just a
brief flirtation--unlike some of your more recent affairs.

          YOSHO:  Here we go...

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (upset)  I've seen the way you look at
other women.  You've made quite a name for yourself over the
years.  You weren't just thinking about Tsunami.  You were
sleeping with every woman you could find, forgetting all
about your promises to me!

     CU. MIHOSHI

     Scowling with embarrassment.

          MIHOSHI:  Uh--  I think I should go get
something...

     MAIN HALL

     Mihoshi starts to get up, and Ayeka glares at her.

          AYEKA:  (softly)  Mihoshi, do not be rude.  We
just got here.  We haven't even stayed for dinner.

     Mihoshi sits back down, frowning anxiously.

          AYEKA:  (to Yosho)  Tsunami finally made you wear
a disguise so you'd stop putting her to shame!  She'd grown
so disgusted with your philandering that she found a nice,
decent way to prevent you from causing her even more grief.
Now, she's so appalled at your mistreatment of me that she's
married Tenchi.

     Yosho frowns, stewing for a moment.

          YOSHO:  Are you finished?

          AYEKA:  (softly)  Yes, I think that's it.

          YOSHO:  (looking at Mihoshi)  You see what a joy
it is to be betrothed?

          AYEKA:  How long do you think Sasami and Tenchi
were betrothed?

          YOSHO:  Hmm...  I would guess about five minutes.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (grim)  You're actually enjoying this!

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  I do not enjoy the news that an old friend
who I thought was dead turned out to be alive and was just
murdered.  I'm not enjoying the thought that Sasami has been
sheltering traitors, and I especially do not enjoy hurting
your feelings, Ayeka.  My only joy is in knowing that at
least Tenchi never had to face all your grief for me.
Imagine how frustrated he would have been, had you learned
all this as his wife.

     CU. AYEKA

     Bitter and upset, and a little mortified.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     Narrowing her eyes in disgust.

          MIHOSHI:  Okay, you two.  I've had it!  I'm not
your referee, here.  I'm going to go to the kitchen, and
that's final!  Any more of this, and I think I'd be sick.

     MAIN HALL

     Mihoshi gets up and marches out, trembling in anger.

          AYEKA:  (ruefully amused)  Well, at least Tenchi
did not marry her.

          YOSHO:  Look at us, Ayeka--bickering like an old
married couple.  (he chuckles for a moment)  You'd think we
were the ones who were married.

          AYEKA:  (frowning)  Don't even think it.

25   INT. KITCHEN

     Mihoshi briefly looks as if she does want to be sick,
then turns around, casually.  Funaho enters, silently.

          MIHOSHI:  Funaho?

          FUNAHO:  Hello, Mihoshi.  I see you are doing
well.  I hope you are up for another mission.

          MIHOSHI:  Another message to Alpha?

          FUNAHO:  Not exactly.

26   EXT. TENCHI'S HOUSE

     Evening is putting a pale red glow around some hills as
the sky grows dark.

27   INT. MAIN HALL

     Tenchi is feeding Michiko as Sasami reads.  Washu
emerges from the spare bedroom, and looks around.

          WASHU:  Oh, there you are.  I hope you don't mind,
but I converted your guest room to an emergency room.

          SASAMI:  Emergency room?  You think I might have
an accident?

     Tenchi looks around, a little worried.

          WASHU:  (chuckling)  It's not for you and Tenchi,
Sasami.  I just figure I might need to perform some surgery.
It never hurts to be prepared, you know.

          TENCHI:  Prepared for what?

     CU. WASHU

     Smiling innocently.

          WASHU:  I can't tell you that, Tenchi.  It would
spoil the surprise.  Anyway, you know how I hate to create
paradoxes.

     CU. SASAMI

     Looking down, thoughtfully.  She puts the book aside
and looks around at Washu.

          SASAMI:  You think I should tell him?

     MAIN HALL

     Washu looks confused for a moment, then casually
gestures, folding her arms.

          WASHU:  You can do whatever you want.  Don't
involve me.

          TENCHI:  Huh?

          SASAMI:  Tenchi, I think you should see something.
I'd hate to upset you by mistake.

     CU. TENCHI

     He looks a little worried.

          TENCHI:  I'm not going to freak out, am I?

     CU. SASAMI

     She stands, gesturing in a comforting way.

          SASAMI:  It's nothing to worry about.  It's just
a little confusing.

28   INT. STUDY

     Sasami takes a book from the shelf, as Tenchi looks on,
still holding Michiko.  She opens a particular page and
shows it to him.

          TENCHI:  That's you.

     Sasami smiles, grimly.

          SASAMI:  Yes, but look at the caption.

     CU. TENCHI

     He frowns, reading.

          TENCHI:  'In the fourth year of her majesty...'

     He looks up, frowning in thought.

          TENCHI:  How old is this?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  This is older than Funaho, Tenchi.

     CU. TENCHI

     Pondering for a moment, then gaping in awareness.

          TENCHI:  Oh, I see.  This is Tsunami.  (scowling
in confusion)  Wait a minute.  I thought Tsunami just looked
like you.  You also look like Tsunami?  Why is that?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (softly)  It's very simple, Tenchi.  You
see, we're really the same person.

     CU. TENCHI

     Still confused.

          TENCHI:  So, what does that mean?

     STUDY

     Sasami puts away the book as she explains.

          SASAMI:  It means I'm caught in a paradox.  It's
hard to explain, but there are really two of me.

          TENCHI:  A paradox within a paradox?

          SASAMI:  Uh...  Something like that...  Tenchi, I
know you want to do what's best for me, but would you give
up part of who you are for me?

          TENCHI:  Huh?

          SASAMI:  (a little irritated)  I want to share
everything with you--even part of who I am.  I can't do
that, though, unless you do the same for me.  It has to be
completely fair, or we would regret it.

          TENCHI:  Yeah, I see.

          SASAMI:  You do?  Really?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (musing)  Yeah.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (deadly serious)  Are you afraid?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (barely audible)  A little bit.

     CU. SASAMI

     She smiles, somewhat playfully.

          SASAMI:  Don't worry, Tenchi.  It's no big deal.
I'll be very gentle.

29   EXT. OUTPOST

     Lights stream out into the night sky, as a spaceship
descends.  Zoom in on a small, barred window.

30   EXT. BARRED WINDOW

     Lania is looking out, a grim half-smirk on her face, as
she considers.

31   INT. NARROW HALLWAY

     Belena, Mihoshi and a couple of uniformed figures are
walking down the hall, engrossed in a conversation.

          MIHOSHI:  So, how is Lania and her Spanish?  Has
she learned all the verb-conjugations?

          BELENA:  Huh?

          MIHOSHI:  Verb-conjugations.  Spanish has plurals
and gender-forms, you know.

          BELENA:  What is this talk of language?

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Actually, I helped her out a bit--

     CU. BELENA

          BELENA:  You've already met?

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Of course.  She's had all kinds of
tutoring...

     CU. BELENA

     Muttering to herself.

32   INT. MAIN HALL

     Kimiko emerges from the solarium, drying her hair with
a towel.  Washu is pondering, looking at the statue of
Callisto.  Washu frowns and shakes her head in disgust.
Kimiko puts the towel over her shoulder and folds her arms.

          KIMIKO:  You've never liked my work, have you,
Washu?

          WASHU:  It makes me feel claustrophobic.  I really
hate what you do to inert matter, Kimiko.

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  (smiling grimly)  That's the whole point,
Washu.  It's supposed to make you feel like you're being
pursued by wolves.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (a little contralto)  You can't just
chisel out a nice, character-piece?

     MAIN HALL

     Kimiko frowns, glancing toward the study.

          KIMIKO:  I've been busy, trying to prove myself.
(softly)  I think I've just finished doing that, too.

          WASHU:  I know, Kimiko.  I'm starting to think you
were right about Tsunami, all along.

          KIMIKO:  Don't let her spook you, Washu.  She's
never done anything you haven't thought of doing yourself.

          WASHU:  Yeah--  Now, there's a sobering thought.

     CU. KIMIKO

     Gesturing, starting to turn.

          KIMIKO:  I think I'll be on my way, then.  I'm
finished, here.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Where's Ryoko?  She's not in the solarium,
is she?

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  You can't tell?  I thought you could
track her.

     CU. WASHU

     Resigned and disgusted.

          WASHU:  I don't do it all the time, Kimiko.  I
like to let Ryoko have a little privacy.  I should've known.
Oh, well.  Here we go, again.

33   INT. LANIA'S ROOM

     A sparse, small room with a cot and a converted
shelving--suitable as a table and a dresser.  Lania is
leaning over some papers, as if practicing some peculiar
alphabet.

          LANIA:  Damn.  I should be on Jurai by now.

     The door opens, and Belena enters, followed by a couple
uniformed figures.

          LANIA:  Hello, Belena.  Another lesson, tonight?

          BELENA:  The rangers have come for you, Lania.  I
think you know what that means.

          LANIA:  Already?  That attempt was just last
night.  Assassins don't move this fast, you know.

          BELENA:  I don't think they're after you, Lania.

     Mihoshi enters and looks around at Lania.

          LANIA:  Who else would they be after?  You?
(snorting)  Come on.  (looking around)  Mihoshi?  What are
you doing here?

     Mihoshi seems about to speak when a thunderous
explosion goes through the room.

          BELENA:  Time to go, kid!  Better hurry!

34   EXT. OUTPOST

     Some airships descend out of the night sky, attacking
the outpost with lasers and missiles.  Several explosions go
off, as Belena, Lania, Mihoshi and the two figures go
running into the training course.  They are about to take a
path into the woods, when they see Ryoko--standing in their
way.

          BELENA:  Who is it?

     Lania looks closely and gasps.  She wards off the
figures, as they start to approach.

          LANIA:  It's Ryoko.  This must be the rendezvous-
point.

          MIHOSHI:  Rendezvous?  You knew Ryoko was going to
be here?

     Ryoko looks suspiciously at the group.

          RYOKO:  Mihoshi?  Who are all these people?

     A few explosions go off nearby, and they flinch.

          BELENA:  No time to explain.  We need to get to a
safe location.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  There's a big cave up at the top of a
small hill.

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  That sounds good.  You could fly us up
there.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Fly?

     TRAINING COURSE

     A few more explosions go off a little closer.

          BELENA:  There's no time for this!  We need to
split up.  Mihoshi, you take Lania into the woods and look
for shelter.  Ryoko will go with me and the guards to the
launch-point.

          LANIA:  No!  Ryoko goes with me.

     Ryoko looks a little undecided, as Belena frets for a
moment.  They duck down as an airship goes overhead,
scanning with a search light.

          BELENA:  Okay, fine.  (she starts off)  Don't be
late!

     Lania leads Mihoshi and Ryoko into the woods, as Belena
and the two uniformed figures head the other direction--
toward the air field.

          BELENA:  That girl is going to get me killed, yet.

35   EXT. WOODS

     Lania and Mihoshi crouch behind a tree.  Lania yanks
Ryoko down, just as an airship goes over.

          MIHOSHI:  Ryoko, what are you doing here?

          RYOKO:  Just wandering around.

     CU. LANIA

     She frowns in thought.

          LANIA:  Wandering around?  In an outpost section?
These training grounds are always under fire by practice
artillery.  You realize how dangerous it is?

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (innocently pondering)  Oh.  So, that was
what all those explosions were.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  I think those explosions were pirates,
attacking the outpost.

     WOODS

     Ryoko looks curiously at Lania, and Lania smiles.

          LANIA:  I think Mihoshi meant the other pirates.

          RYOKO:  Oh.

36   INT. STUDY

     Tenchi and Sasami are sitting on the sofa, as Tenchi
holds Michiko and Sasami ponders.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi, hold out your hand.

     Tenchi looks at his hand curiously and manages to hold
it out.

     CU. TENCHI

     He flinches slightly, as he holds his hand up.  His
fingers glow for a moment, then fade.

     CU. SASAMI

     She chuckles, as the emblem on her forehead fades.

          SASAMI:  It's okay.  I just needed a drop.

     STUDY

          TENCHI:  You needed my blood?

          SASAMI:  (contralto)  I could just bite your neck,
like a vampire, but that would have been creepy.

          TENCHI:  Oh--

          SASAMI:  Why are we so nervous?  We do things like
this all the time.

          TENCHI:  This is strange, but I feel very light-
headed.

          SASAMI:  Yeah.  My head is spinning.  Oh, boy.  I
need to calm down.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Are you okay?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (amused)  It's nothing.  I think I just
finished assimilating.  I guess I never quite had the
strength to do it, before.

37   EXT. ROCK FACE

     Ryoko is slowly flying up the rock face, carrying
Lania.  She is straining.

          RYOKO:  Hang on!  This isn't as easy as it looks.

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  I heard you could just teleport around.
You can't just teleport us up there?

     CU. RYOKO

     Grimacing, just about to reach a ledge.

          RYOKO:  Well, if I knew how to do that, I'd do
that.  Stop complaining!  (flinching in pain)  And don't
pull on my hair!

     ROCK LEDGE

     Ryoko lands, and Lania tumbles off.  Lania chuckles as
Ryoko folds her arms, pouting.

          RYOKO:  What's so funny?

          LANIA:  I thought you were impervious to pain,
Ryoko.  I heard you once got hit by lightning and didn't
even notice it.  Now, I find out that you shudder at the
thought of a little hair-pulling.

     CU. RYOKO

     Looking very indignant.

          RYOKO:  Well, you didn't have to pull that hard.
And what's so painful about lightning?

     ROCK LEDGE

     Lania considers as Ryoko flickers as vanishes.

          LANIA:  (exasperated)  Oh, now you can teleport.

38   INT. BEDROOM

     Sasami and Tenchi are lying together--Tenchi is asleep.
Off to the side, as if provided as an afterthought, is a
small crib.  Michiko is lying asleep, as Sasami awakens.

     Sasami gets up very calmly, a bit of a stagger.

     CU. SASAMI

     Sasami sits next to the crib, considering Michiko.

     BEDROOM

     Michiko slowly awakens and begins crying.  Sasami sighs
and picks up Michiko.

39   INT. SOLARIUM

     Sasami enters, holding a small portable lamp and
Michiko.  She sits next to the pool, setting down the lamp.
She cradles Michiko gently, smiling.

     She gasps softly as she looks down into the pool.

     CU. POOL

     The wispy image of Kagato stares back at her, as if
standing upside-down in the water--a wavery replacement of
her own reflection.

          KAGATO:  Hello, Tsunami.  Long time, no see.  I
hope I did not arrive unexpectedly.

     CU. SASAMI

     Trembling, as she stands.  She holds Michiko a little
closer, as if afraid that Kagato will take her away,
otherwise.

          SASAMI:  Kagato?  What are you doing here?

     CU. POOL

     Kagato smirks as he considers, as if just hearing the
punchline of a joke for the first time.

          KAGATO:  Just performing a little experiment.  As
I suspected, it worked.  I am now the master of paradoxes.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Explain yourself.  I'm not amused by this
little show.

     SOLARIUM

     Kagato gestures gregariously as he explains.

          KAGATO:  I merely desired a pleasant conversation,
Tsunami, and I could think of no one more pleasant than you.
I also happen to know that you are very curious.  Aren't you
wondering how I could create a spatial paradox within a
temporal one?

          SASAMI:  A spatial paradox?

          KAGATO:  Ah, yes.  I recall Professor Washu
referred to it as the 'reversed-world.'  (chuckling)  What
an amusing term of affection.  I think I preferred when she
scoffed--with terms like 'shadow-world' or 'dream-world.'  I
doubt she truly believes it--even though I trapped her in
one for five-thousand years.  You know why I did that?

     Sasami looks disgusted as she curiously considers.

          KAGATO:  Just to prove I could--and to prove that
such things are possible.

     CU. KAGATO

     Kagato takes a rare moment to consider.

          KAGATO:  You know, Tsunami, I know how you like to
prove things.  Scientific exploration is such a worthy
endeavor.  I wonder if you have observed this situation you
have created for yourself.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Careful, Kagato.  I have a little
experience with 'spatial paradoxes,' as you call them.

     CU. KAGATO

     Grimly musing.

          KAGATO:  Yes, I remember.  I caught a glimpse of
you standing within a double-spatial-paradox.  It was most
distracting, for a moment--not half as surprising as what
you had planned for that boy to do, but it was most
interesting.

     SOLARIUM

     Sasami almost smirks, as she scowls--a little shocked
by the implications.

          SASAMI:  The paradox was temporal--not spatial.

     Kagato smirks again as he gently narrows his eyes.

          KAGATO:  (softly)  Haven't you realized yet,
Tsunami, that paradoxes are all related?  One paradox flows
into another.  Thus you have temporal, spatial, and momentum
paradoxes--all emanations of conflicts that arise between
reality and the 'reversed-reality,' as Washu would call it.
The reverse is simply paradoxical reality--just as my
equations showed.

          SASAMI:  So?  Why does that apply to me?

          KAGATO:  (a little exasperated)  Because what you
have done now is evolved to the next higher level.  You
have, in essence, created a kind of paradox-consciousness.
Your decisions rest on the balance of several paradoxical
emanations.  You control the ebb and flow of paradoxes with
your thoughts.  I find such power to be most magnetic.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (a little alarmed)  I won't let you have
me.  You can't reach me from beyond the grave.

     CU. KAGATO

          KAGATO:  I can't, huh?  (amused)  Well, if I were
you, then, I would be careful with my decisions.  Paradox-
consciousness can be a dangerous thing, if mishandled.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  I am myself, and no one else.

     CU. KAGATO

          KAGATO:  No one?  Not even that boy?  Don't tell
me you can resist even the smallest part of him.

     CU. SASAMI

     Grimacing in shock.

          SASAMI:  How do you know all this?  How are you
even here?

     CU. KAGATO

     He smiles very knowingly as he looks up at Michiko.

          KAGATO:  We are one, Tsunami.  It was our destiny.

     SOLARIUM

     Kagato laughs and his laugh continues to echo as he
vanishes from the pool.

40   EXT. ROCK LEDGE

     Lania and Ryoko are holding a rope, as Mihoshi pulls
herself over the rock ledge.  Mihoshi groans as she crawls
up onto the ledge.

          LANIA:  You know, looking after you two is tough
work.  I think the rangers should give me some reward.

          RYOKO:  Why?  I did all the work just now.

          LANIA:  (rolling her eyes)  What would you do with
that reward, Ryoko?  You're a notorious spendthrift.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Huh?

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  (catching her breath)  Lania, shouldn't
we find that cave?

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  Oh yeah.  Grandpa is still trying to make
sure we don't have a family reunion.

     ROCK LEDGE

     Mihoshi stands and looks around as Ryoko frowns, a
little confused.

          RYOKO:  Sounds like you have a lousy family.

          LANIA:  (matter-of-factly)  Yeah.  I never cared
for my father's side of the family, either.

41   EXT. MASAKI SHRINE

     Yosho is sitting on the steps, undisguised, drinking
some tea.  He looks up for a moment and sighs.

          YOSHO:  Hello, Kardanna.  I was expecting you.

     A figure in a monk's robe appears at the base of the
steps.  It gestures in a somewhat welcoming way.

          FIGURE:  Yes.  I see you haven't changed at all,
Yosho.  I go looking for a warrior and I find a scholar,
just sitting around, drinking.

          YOSHO:  A scholar, eh?  Yes, I like to think
things through.  It makes conversation interesting.

          FIGURE:  You always preferred conversation to
fighting.

     CU. YOSHO

     Standing, a thoughtful expression on his face.

          YOSHO:  Yes.  Although, I have to admit I prefer a
good pilgrimage to a conversation.  Given the choice, I
would rather be mute than a raider.

     CU. FIGURE

     Seemingly amused.

          FIGURE:  Ironic.  Now that we have gates to go
everywhere, pirates have become the empire and those petty
raiders have become what we once were.  What does that make
you?

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  The same as before--a scholar with a drink
in his hand.

     STEPS

     The figure approaches, folding his arms.

          FIGURE:  Your honor is the same as before, I
suppose.  You can't just stand there.  Why don't you
challenge me?

          YOSHO:  Why should I do that?  How have you
offended me?

          FIGURE:  Let me think...  I have invaded your
homelands and captured the royal palace.  I have secured the
Jurai royal trees for native Juraian use--those you continue
to sneeringly refer to as the 'Pirate Guild.'  I have
destroyed the vestiges of the former Juraian royalty--along
with about half of the members of the royal court.  Shall I
continue?

          YOSHO:  Those you have destroyed were only
traitors--the ones who made the mistake of being allied with
you.  As for royal trees--I think by now you have learned
that they have minds of their own, and they are not so
easily used for your own purposes.  Your invasion of Jurai
means little to me, as I live here.  I prefer to think of
myself as an Earthling, anyway.  I need not defend those you
have offended.

          FIGURE:  You think I find your indifference
persuasive?  You must realize I will destroy you, as well.

          YOSHO:  Why would you do that?  You fear that I
will seize control from you?  Perhaps you fear that I am
aiding your granddaughter.  In either case, you would gain
more from capturing me than killing me.  Of course, I would
never let you capture me.

     CU. FIGURE

          FIGURE:  I cannot take the chance that you will
help arrange my granddaughter's ascendancy.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  I see.  You have deduced that I am the
third-party in the exchange.

     STEPS

     Yosho sets the cup aside as he gestures.

          YOSHO:  Maybe you would prefer a clear field to
battle.

          FIGURE:  (pointing)  I'll wait over in that
clearing.

42   EXT. DIRTY ALLEY

     Belena and the two uniformed figures enter a small
passage between two dingy, brick buildings.  Belena takes
out a small sphere and raises it to one of the walls.  A
thin door appears, and they open it and enter.

43   INT. EMPTY WAREHOUSE

     The three figures enter a huge room lined with pillars
and steel support beams.  The two uniformed figures point
flashlights here and there as Belena looks around, annoyed.

          BELENA:  I told that girl not to be late.

     Zoom in on the three figures, as a mechanical voice
softly pipes through the room.

          VOICE:  Password denied.  Terminate intruders.

     The three figures are suddenly held in thin silver
wires--like beams of light--as water quickly rises at the
floor.

          BELENA:  It's trapped!

          FIRST FIGURE:  Lania--

          SECOND FIGURE:  It must have been that girl!  No
one else knew the rendezvous point.

     CU. BELENA

     Resigned and very irritated.

          LANIA:  Well...  Time to see if Funaho was
right...

44   EXT. GRASSY CLEARING

     Browned grass covers a wide clearing, where Kardanna
stands, brandishing a glowing sword.  He flings off his robe
and makes a few practice swipes, as Yosho approaches.  Yosho
ponders as he folds his arms, the Tenchi-sword in one hand.
(Kardanna is somewhat tall, although not striking.  He is,
at once, muscular and frail-looking.  His lightly callous
features are topped with ragged curly dark hair.  His manner
gives the impression of being both impervious and tentative
--obdurate and yielding, like a good sword.)

          KARDANNA:  Shall we make an ensemble, Yosho?  I
assume you still know the drills.

     Yosho rubs his chin, thinking for a moment.

          YOSHO:  Ensemble, eh?  I recognize that code--an
old Juraian way of saying you wish to trade insults during a
practice round.

          KARDANNA:  I could give you a moment to pray, if
you wish.  That might be more appropriate.  You are the
keeper of a shrine, after all.

          YOSHO:  Oh, I don't think I'll need divine
intervention, Kardanna.

     CU. KARDANNA

          KARDANNA:  (somewhat amused)  We're too old for
these petty rituals, Yosho.  I'm not a pirate, at heart.
I'm just a warrior.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  The old ways never made any sense to me,
either.  It seems fitting, though, that I'm fighting to
preserve some part of them.

     CLEARING

     Yosho brandishes his sword.

          YOSHO:  Let's begin, shall we?

45   INT. CAVE

     Mihoshi and Ryoko sit, as Lania stands, pondering.

          MIHOSHI:  Why are we just waiting here?

          LANIA:  Because this is the dangerous part.

          MIHOSHI:  You mean, the pirates are still out
there?

          LANIA:  (snapping)  Don't be stupid, Mihoshi!
Don't you know that girl, by now?  Tsunami didn't go to all
this trouble just to deal with a few pirates.

     Ryoko frowns, still fairly confused.

          RYOKO:  So, what are we hiding from?

     CU. LANIA

     She scowls for a moment, then looks very annoyed.

          LANIA:  The damn Juraians!  They'll be all over
here, soon.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Huh?

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  Why do I bother?  (terse and a little
stiff)  They aren't taking back Jurai--just the trees.  They
never needed the entire planet.  I just wonder how they
could possibly hope to move so many.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  (suddenly realizing)  Oh!  That's why
there are ranger bases all over Leo!  Wow!

     CU. LANIA

     Muttering to herself.

          LANIA:  Leave the speculations to those who think!
You're such a nitwit, Mihoshi!

46   EXT. GRASSY CLEARING

     Kardanna and Yosho go through an elaborate set of
attacks and counters--Kardanna making some bizarre thrust or
acrobatic flip, as Yosho counters with some simple riposte
or parry.

     CU. YOSHO

     Smiling grimly.

     CU. KARDANNA

     Backing off, a little repulsed.

          KARDANNA:  Is this your idea of fighting, Yosho?
Has living among primitives made you go soft?

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  (casual)  I take it you want to stop
practicing.

     CU. KARDANNA

          KARDANNA:  Practice!  (chuckling)  Fighting is
like a dance, Yosho.  You know that.  Great warriors are
like great lovers.  This is what great poetry is taken from.

     CLEARING

     Kardanna stands, simply considering as Yosho muses.

          YOSHO:  True enough.  Great warriors are full of
great words as well as deeds.  It makes me wonder why you
scoff at scholars.

          KARDANNA:  I hate to see all that great talent
wasted in idle pursuits.  Story-tellers are the most
wasteful kind of scum.

          YOSHO:  I can see that my hobbies are upsetting to
you.  I hate to fight you unfairly, Kardanna--so, I'll tell
you what.  I'll fight you left-handed.

     Yosho switches the sword to his left hand, keeping his
right hand behind him.

     CU. KARDANNA

          KARDANNA:  (softly)  You won't last long if you
fight me fairly, Yosho.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  You're just saying that to make me over-
confident, aren't you?

     CLEARING

     Yosho attacks from high, making a daring flip.  He has
Kardanna in a killing pose, for a moment, as Kardanna
considers--a little surprised.  Kardanna smirks and fires a
round-house kick with shocking speed and precision.  Yosho
barely manages to duck the kick.

     Kardanna laughs as Yosho catches his breath.

          KARDANNA:  You don't hold back, Yosho.  I've
always liked that about you.  I have a little secret,
though.  I've been saving this for a special occasion.

          YOSHO:  Really?  I thought this was just a little
duel...

          KARDANNA:  I'm actually left-handed.

     Kardanna switches to his left hand and attacks.  Yosho
throws off his attack with a quick parry.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  I have a little secret, too, Kardanna.

     CU. KARDANNA

          KARDANNA:  What?

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  I don't really need glasses.

     He puts the glasses in a pocket and switches the sword
back to his right hand.

47   EXT. TENCHI'S HOUSE

     The horizon glows soft red as the dark sky begins to
enfold several gleaming lights.  Several shooting stars
curve overhead.

     Sasami stands at the end of the walkway, as Ryo-Ohki
appears at the door in humanoid-child form.  She stops and
looks at Sasami, suspiciously returning back inside.

     Sasami sighs and looks back into the sky.

48   EXT. ROCK LEDGE

     Lania looks out at the bright morning sunlight and
scowls.

          LANIA:  Oh, well.  At least the pinheads will be
asleep a few more hours.  I'll sit watch inside till then.

     Lania returns to the cave.

49   EXT. CLEARING

     Kardanna fends off a few well-aimed attacks and grimly
beats Yosho back with a few vicious thrusts of his own.
Yosho looks around for a moment, then smiles, curiously.

          KARDANNA:  What are you so happy about?  You can't
possibly hope to beat me.  I'm stronger and quicker than
you.  Eventually, you will lose.

     Yosho turns and runs for the woods.

          KARDANNA:  You coward!

     Kardanna gives chase.

50   EXT. WOODS

     Kardanna starts to run as he looks up, hearing a
whistle.  Yosho looks down at him, waving.

          KARDANNA:  Come down here, you coward!

     The woods suddenly fills with a hundred little logs, as
Ayeka appears in the branch, sitting near Yosho.  She folds
her arms and frowns as Azaka and Kamidake go gliding up next
to Kardanna.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Bad move, Kardanna.  Never attack a man in
his own home.  Now, we win!

     CU. KARDANNA

          KARDANNA:  Not yet, you don't.  You still have
Tsunami to deal with.

     TREE

     Yosho glances at Ayeka curiously, as Ayeka frets a bit.

          YOSHO:  (softly)  I think Misaki can take care of
her.

          AYEKA:  Yes, Mother does have a way with people.

51   EXT. TENCHI'S HOUSE

     Sasami is sitting, watching the morning sky, as Tenchi
comes out, holding little Ryo-Ohki.  He softly pets her and
sits next to Sasami.

          SASAMI:  Is Michiko okay?

          TENCHI:  She's asleep.  I left her with Washu.

          SASAMI:  Washu is here?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  She never left.  She's been in the spare
bedroom all night.  Every time I check, she's looking
through medical books.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  She's become really serious ever since
Ryoko destroyed herself.  I think Washu might have been
watching, the whole time.

     WALKWAY

     Sasami starts to get up, as Tenchi looks up.

          TENCHI:  I wish you'd sit with me.

     Sasami looks down, a little perplexed, then sighs.

          SASAMI:  I have a little errand to get out of the
way, first.

52   INT. CAVE

     Lania sits, drinking, as a shadowy form flickers and
appears in front of her.  Lania drops her drink and barks in
surprise.

          LANIA:  Damn it, Tsunami!  Don't do that!

     The figure chuckles and looks around.

          FIGURE:  We're not being watched, are we?

     CU. LANIA

     Sitting again, she smirks as she considers.

          LANIA:  I think we'll be fine.  Those other two
wouldn't wake up if someone tossed a grenade in here.

     CU. FIGURE

     She smiles, pleasantly amused.

          FIGURE:  That's sounds like them.  I'll leave them
in your care.

     CAVE

     Lania starts to pour a drink, as she looks up at the
figure.

          LANIA:  I'm keeping my part.  I want something in
return.

          FIGURE:  You don't trust me?  I gave you my word.

          LANIA:  (casual)  You know me, Tsunami.  I don't
really trust anyone.  I want something, or I'm leaving these
two here to fend for themselves.

          FIGURE:  It's not them I'm worried about.

          LANIA:  (smiling)  Of course, we're such good
friends.  (a little grim)  What's it to be?

     CU. FIGURE

     A strangely thoughtful expression.

          FIGURE:  Hmm...  You know, yesterday I would have
refused.  Now...  I think I'll let you have a little taste.

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  (looking up, intent)  You have changed,
haven't you?  Yes, now how do I begin?

     CU. FIGURE

          FIGURE:  (casual)  I have to brutalize your mind,
Lania.  I would have to murder some part of you and then
burn the evidence.  That's what it takes to go from what you
are to what I am in a few days.  You really want that?

     CAVE

          LANIA:  How is that any different from what you've
been doing?

          FIGURE:  I've been very patient with you, Lania.
I've gone to a lot of trouble to be courteous and make you
comfortable--even after all your childish complaining.  If
there's a potential leader in you, I'm not sure I see it.
I've given you more than enough for you to figure out how to
produce light hawk wings, yourself.  All you really have to
do is find the will to do it.  That's what I did.

          LANIA:  Childish?  I think my complaints are very
reasonable.

          FIGURE:  I think your complaints are selfish and
stupid--and I find your lack of respect for me very
troubling.  You think you can lead a galaxy, but you can't
even lead yourself--

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  (upset)  You think you can lead!?  I hate
you!  You're nothing but a self-absorbed monster!

     CU. FIGURE

     Scowling with disgust.

          FIGURE:  (softly)  Yes, I see you still have much
to learn.  This is going to be very difficult.

     The figure flickers and vanishes.

     CU. LANIA

     Snarling in anger as she throws her cup.

53   INT. SPARE BEDROOM

     The room has a long rack of silver compartments next to
a large, cylindrical chamber.  A set of chairs are standing
next to a raised, hospital-style bed.  Washu holds Michiko--
who is sleeping.

     Washu looks around, as if making a mental inventory,
then nods to herself.

          WASHU:  That's it for this part.  Now to lay the
trap.  But first...

54   INT. CAVE

     Lania scowls and takes her drink outside for a little
walk.  Washu slowly emerges, holding Michiko, waking up
Ryoko softly.

          WASHU:  Ryoko, wake up.  Time to go back home.

          RYOKO:  (waking up)  Huh?  Home?

          WASHU:  Yeah, you know.  Home.  You can get a nice
meal and then take a long bath.  What do you say?

     CU. RYOKO

     Calmly considering.

          RYOKO:  Hmm...  No thanks.  I think I'll hang
around with the geeks for a while.  They're interesting.  (a
little introspective)  Anyway, if I go back, I just know
I'll start to remember things.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Are you sure?  These two are going to be
nothing but trouble.

     CU. RYOKO

     Frowning, a little embarrassed.

          RYOKO:  I'm sure.  I'm not ready to remember
anything.  I'm going to really hate myself when I do get my
memories back.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Okay.  I'll see you later, then.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (softly)  Okay.  Bye!

55   EXT. TENCHI'S HOUSE

     Tenchi continues to hold Ryo-Ohki as Sasami sits next
to him again.  Washu walks out onto the walkway, still
holding Michiko.  Michiko awakens as Washu hands her to
Sasami.  Washu calmly sits next to Sasami as she looks up.

          WASHU:  (wistful)  I take it Misaki isn't here
yet.

     CU. SASAMI

     Gaping in alarm.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (thoughtful)  I haven't seen anyone, yet.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Oh my god!  Mother is coming?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (amused)  Yeah, I guess that answers that
question.

     WALKWAY

     Sasami frowns and calmly sighs as Washu looks around at
Tenchi.

          WASHU:  There's still time, you know.

          TENCHI:  For what?

          WASHU:  To change the future.  The future is
always changing.

          TENCHI:  Why would we want to change the future?
What's going to happen?

          WASHU:  (gently)  Sasami, you want to tell him?

          SASAMI:  (pleasantly)  About what?  The exodus or
the long-term plan?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  I meant, about Lania.  She's very
dangerous, as you already know.  A girl who can conspire in
an empire's downfall, arrange assassination attempts, and
construct elaborate traps-within-traps is not someone to
meddle with lightly.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (a little suspicious)  I know what you
think, Washu.  You want us to dispose of her.  I happen to
think she has great potential.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Yeah, Little Washu.  Sasami's right.
Give her a chance.  You never know what'll happen till you
give someone a chance.  You should have more faith in us.

     CU. WASHU

     Smiling, strangely serious.

          WASHU:  So, you won't mind if I take a few
precautions, just in case?

     CU. SASAMI

     Narrowing her eyes, dangerously thoughtful.

          SASAMI:  Don't patronize me, Little Washu.  I've
given this matter a lot of thought.  I'm well aware of the
risks.

     CU. TENCHI

     A little alarmed.

     CU. WASHU

     Pleasantly gesturing.

          WASHU:  Oh, don't worry, Sasami.  I would never
underestimate you.  I'm just being paranoid, as usual.

     Washu gets up, chuckling softly to herself.  She
casually turns and goes back inside.

     CU. SASAMI

     Sighing again, a little embarrassed.

          SASAMI:  I really hate it when Washu is upset,
Tenchi.  We should do something nice for her.  I think I'll
make some Romano manicotti, tonight.  She always likes
spicy, Italian food.

56   EXT. SKY

     The clouds are cleaved by the sudden appearance of a
monstrous spaceship.  The sky darkens for a moment as a
glimmer of light descends.

57   EXT. TENCHI'S HOUSE

     Sasami smiles grimly as she looks at the flickering
forms of Azusa and Misaki resolving in front of her.  Ryo-
Ohki leaps from Tenchi's hands and appears, humanoid-form.
Sasami slowly hands Michiko to Tenchi.

     Misaki rushes forward to Sasami, eager as a mother bird
to her nest.

          MISAKI:  Sasami!

     Azusa frowns, folding his arms as he deigns to watch
Sasami standing to greet Misaki.  Tenchi stands, calmly
considering.

          SASAMI:  (a touch stiff)  Mother!

     CU. SASAMI

     Grimacing nicely as Misaki puts her in a bear-hug.

          MISAKI:  Sasami!  Sasami!  Sasami!  Oh, my
precious little darling!

          SASAMI:  Mother!

     CU. MISAKI

          MISAKI:  (softly weeping)  Oh, Sasami!  How you've
changed!  You've gotten so big!  You're still too thin, my
sweet little girl!  (pulling back to consider)  And your
hair is so limp and lifeless!  What have you been doing to
your hair?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (innocently whining)  Nothing, Mother--

     CU. MISAKI

     Frowning, a little disappointed, then anxiously hugging
Sasami again.

          MISAKI:  Oh, Sasami!  You keep scaring me, my
baby!  What's the matter with you?  You know we love you,
Sasami!

     WALKWAY

     Tenchi looks up, scratching his head nervously, as
Misaki continues to hold Sasami, weeping.

          SASAMI:  It's nothing personal, Mother.  Tenchi
and I love you, too.  We'd never hurt you deliberately.

          MISAKI:  (a little amused)  I know you're
accident-prone, Sasami.  You shouldn't worry your poor
mother so much!

          SASAMI:  (sighing gently)  I hate it when you
worry, Mother.  Nothing's changed.

     Misaki lets Sasami go again and calmly considers.

          MISAKI:  So, I see.  (annoyed)  You still dress
like a child, Sasami.  That dress is too short!  And that
hose must be two sizes too large!  Why do you dress like a
tumbler, Sasami?  You're a princess!

          SASAMI:  I'm not a princess anymore, Mother.  I'm
just me.

     CU. MISAKI

     Glaring, very annoyed.

          MISAKI:  You're a princess if I say you are,
Sasami.

     CU. SASAMI

     A little exasperated.

          SASAMI:  Oh okay, Mother.  I'll be your little
princess.

     CU. MISAKI

     Her disposition shatters, as she frets for a moment.
She then hugs Sasami again, for a touchy finale.

          MISAKI:  Oh, Sasami!  Sasami!  Sasami!

     WALKWAY

     Azusa thoughtfully approaches and casually considers.

          AZUSA:  I hear you married that boy, Sasami.  Is
this true?

          SASAMI:  (a little subdued)  Yes, Father.

          AZUSA:  Then you are a princess by marriage, if
not by name.  Tenchi is still an heir to the throne.

     Misaki continues to hug Sasami, weeping again.

     CU. AZUSA

          AZUSA:  There is still a throne, isn't there?

     CU. SASAMI

     Sasami sighs as Misaki goes through a fresh bout of
weeping.

          SASAMI:  Sorry, Father.  Probably not for another
thousand years, at least.

58   EXT. A HILLSIDE PATH

     Lania, Mihoshi and Ryoko crouch at the edge of a path,
as several airships go by.  They wait for a few moments,
then begin walking the path.

          LANIA:  (pointing, casual)  You recognize any of
this, Ryoko?

          RYOKO:  (looking around)  It doesn't look
familiar.

     They continue walking for a few moments, as Ryoko
ponders and Lania smiles.

          MIHOSHI:  Uh...  What's so special about here?

     Lania gestures, expansively.

          LANIA:  This is the scene of Ryoko's famous death.
I remember it well.

          MIHOSHI:  You were here?  The whole time?

          LANIA:  The militia pulled back.  There might have
been a terrible confrontation in space, had I not ordered
some of my own confederates to attack.  Tsunami was waiting
to ambush, but I realized how dangerous such things are and
gathered the orthodox forces here--along with a few Galaxy
Police.

          MIHOSHI:  The rogues?

          LANIA:  I wouldn't call them rogues--not to their
faces, anyway.  They equate that term with 'raider'--a term
they have come to despise as once was the term 'pirate.'

          RYOKO:  Do you despise that term?

          LANIA:  Terms are meant to provoke a reaction--
nothing more.  I don't react to terms.  Anyway, I prefer to
know who my foes are--those who would call me such things.
I consider it a term of surrender.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (musing)  You're responsible for my death?
Maybe I should use my notorious powers and kill you.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Ryoko--

     CU. LANIA

     Chuckling, gesturing at Mihoshi.

          LANIA:  Only a friend would speak to me this way,
Mihoshi.  It's okay.  I would enjoy a nice chance to
practice my fighting skills.  I doubt Ryoko remembers how to
defend herself, though.  I'll be fair and consider that
petty threat a friendly compliment.

     PATH

          MIHOSHI:  Wow.  I always thought you were nice,
Lania.  I never realized what a vicious person you really
were.

          LANIA:  My name means 'pretty little river.'  Now,
how could I be a vicious person with a name like that?

          RYOKO:  That's funny.  I really hate rivers.  I
find nothing pretty about you, Lania.  And I don't mind
admitting that your superstitious mind-set is a little
creepy.  People don't necessarily become whatever they are
named.

          LANIA:  (steady)  I find my name to be very
fitting.  That is all I meant.  (glaring at Ryoko)  There is
a feeling in every person that agrees with whatever they are
named.  That is why they are named whatever they are named.
It's not superstition.  My parents--may the gods curse their
damned souls--named me for what I am, because that is what I
was meant to be.

          MIHOSHI:  Whoa.  You guys are really creeping me
out.  (chuckling)  This is what I meant--I mean, all you're
talking about is fate and stuff.  Take it easy, huh?

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  We must all have a fate, Mihoshi.  Some
fates are kinder than others.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (irritated)  Forget about fate.  Where are
we going?

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  My old C-and-C.  We can contact some
friends from there.  Mihoshi will have to report in, at some
point.  I want to make sure we're clear of all these Juraian
thugs, first.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Oh...  You want to get off this planet?

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  I should have been on Jurai by now.  Now,
I have a rendezvous on Earth.  I may be forced to reconsider
the location of the rendezvous, though.

59   INT. KITCHEN

     Misaki is sitting at the table with Sasami--who is
holding Michiko.

          MISAKI:  I don't understand, Sasami.  Why renounce
the family?  You could just renounce the titles and become a
concubine--it's tradition.  Political marriages mean
nothing.

          SASAMI:  I could never do that, Mother.  Tenchi is
very sensitive.  He would have never understood an
arrangement like that.  We'd have been miserable, and I
probably would have ended up renouncing the family, anyway.

          MISAKI:  But, Sasami, you are a princess--Tenchi
is a crown prince.  He must be made aware at some point.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi could barely understand the
arrangement as it is.  Anyway, knowing things like that
doesn't make a union stronger--it only makes it weaker.
Besides all that, Tenchi is like Yosho.  He doesn't really
want to be heir to the throne.

          MISAKI:  Are you sure?

          SASAMI:  Yes, Mother.  His pursuits are very
gentle.  He knows nothing about wars.  He'd be lost on the
throne, and I think Father knows it.

          MISAKI:  But you just said that Tenchi is teaching
a martial arts class, even as we speak--

          SASAMI:  (sighing)  He only teaches the most
simple forms.  He doesn't teach tactics or strategy.  I had
to explain to him three times how Lania managed to win over
the fourth factions in the Pirate invasion of Jurai.

          MISAKI:  Does Tenchi know about the trees?

          SASAMI:  He will, soon enough.  I didn't want to
distress him, though.  He wouldn't realize how few our
numbers are.  It isn't important right now, anyway.

     Azusa enters, folding his arms.

          AZUSA:  I see who wields the power in this family,
now.  (frowning)  I do not like those who harbor traitors.

          SASAMI:  Five battleships to fend off sixteen?  Is
that all you could spare?

          AZUSA:  Numbers are unimportant if you protect the
element of surprise.

          SASAMI:  (softly)  Their only surprise would have
been how easily we'd have been defeated...

          AZUSA:  (upset)  My plans did not include the
collapse of an empire!

          SASAMI:  Father, I hate to argue.  I refuse to
speak, if you won't be civil with me.

     Misaki glares at Azusa for a moment, and he smiles in a
very peculiar way.

          AZUSA:  It's okay, Sasami.  I'm not upset.  There
will be a restoration.  It's only a matter of time.

     Azusa turns and leaves.

          MISAKI:  (sighing)  Your father is very proud of
you, Sasami.  He's just too proud to show it.

          SASAMI:  I know, Mother.  I just wish he could be
more a father, and less of an emperor.

     CU. MISAKI

     A little disconcerted.

          MISAKI:  What is this?  Is this Tsunami I see in
you, Sasami?

     CU. SASAMI

     Looking back at Misaki, steadily.

          SASAMI:  No, Mother.  Tsunami and I are one.

60   EXT. CITY EDGE

     A narrow road turns into the woods, where Mihoshi,
Lania, and Ryoko are standing.  The road leads toward a
city--where large, imposing buildings loom.

          RYOKO:  Where to, from here?

     Ryoko nearly gets her head blown off by a blaster shot.
A staccato tat-at-at of explosions go off, nearby.  Mihoshi
cringes, as Lania pulls Ryoko back toward cover.

          LANIA:  Take cover!  Keep down.

     CU. RYOKO

     Only mildly annoyed.

          RYOKO:  Who is that?

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  That's Gikinos.  He controls the Alpha-
counter-Pirate movement--well, he used to, anyway--before
Mihoshi and Ayeka thwarted his attempt to conspire with
Kardanna.  Now, he's here for revenge.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  He's trying to kill me?

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  He'd like to mount all our heads on a
wall, but--

     NARROW ROAD

     A couple of small armored groundcars emerge as a few
monstrous explosions go off, nearby.  Mihoshi and Lania
sprawl, face-down, as Ryoko looks up, curious.

          RYOKO:  So, who's that?

     Lania pulls Ryoko back down.

          LANIA:  (a little amused)  Oh, that's just Gigoro
--just like clockwork.  What a predictable jerk.

     A few more bone-crushing explosions go off, as Mihoshi
puts her hands over the back of her head, and Lania chuckles
to herself.

          LANIA:  (softly)  Gigoro always did like to make a
splashy entrance.  Back on Jurai, they used to call him the
'mountain of mouth.'

     CU. RYOKO

     Looking on in an odd mixture of wonder and alarm.

          RYOKO:  A Juraian general, eh?

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  A minor lieutenant.  He kinda takes after
Mihoshi, here--only his luck has never been that good...

     NARROW ROAD

     The armored cars explode in a couple of earth-
shattering explosions.  A few airships go shooting overhead.

          LANIA:  Poor Gigoro.  He should have stayed with
the fleet--he'd have had better luck.

          MIHOSHI:  (looking up)  Who's in the aircraft?

          LANIA:  Hmm...  That's probably the Juraian Air
Corps.  It's lead by Gijaku.  I've never met that guy.  We'd
better find a way around this little embankment.

          MIHOSHI:  (a little grim)  The problem is, we're
near the peak of a knoll.  (pointing)  If we go that way, we
end up in a gorge, and if we go that way, we'll have to race
up an acclivity--we'd be sitting ducks.

          LANIA:  Right.  We go across the road.

          MIHOSHI:  Through the fire?

          LANIA:  Just run really fast.

     Mihoshi gets up and bolts across the road, Lania and
Ryoko follow--Lania leaps over most of the wreckage as Ryoko
looks at the fire in wonder.  Ryoko stops for a moment to
touch the fire, curiously.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Hey, this is incredible!  I can put my
hand right through the fire, no problem.

     CU. LANIA

     Yanking Ryoko along with her.

          LANIA:  Hurry up!  Gikinos could start firing
again any second.

     CU. RYOKO

     Sighing, walking with Lania.

          RYOKO:  Oh, okay.  You're nothing but a killjoy.

61   INT. TUNNEL

     Mihoshi falls, face-first--grasping at her back--like a
sack of potatoes.  Ryoko looks on, somewhat shocked, seeing
a small, slender knife protruding from Mihoshi's back.  She
turns to Lania, blankly confused.

          RYOKO:  What?

          LANIA:  (matter-of-factly)  And you're the bait.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  (mournfully)  Ouch.

62   INT. A SMALL GROUNDCAR

     A small groundcar sitting in a dark garage with a line
of other cars.  Washu is sitting at the driver seat,
considering a small display.

          WASHU:  (sighing)  Well, so much for changing the
future.  Time to spring the trap.

63   EXT. MASAKI SHRINE

     Ayeka, Yosho, and Kardanna are sitting at the table as
Azaka and Kamidake look on, floating nearby.  Funaho enters,
looking slightly displeased.

          FUNAHO:  And here I thought Kardanna was a myth.

          KARDANNA:  Sorry to disappoint you, Funaho.

     Yosho grins as Ayeka folds her arms in disgust.

          FUNAHO:  No, no.  I am very reassured, actually.
You look exactly the way I imagined.

          YOSHO:  My details were always very accurate.

          FUNAHO:  (glancing at Yosho)  Yes...  (to Ayeka)
You may release him, Ayeka.  I'm sure Kardanna won't try
anything, now that all of us are here.

     CU. AYEKA

     Frowning in suspicion.

          AYEKA:  Uh...  Of course, Funaho.  That is, if you
are certain he won't cause any trouble.

     CU. YOSHO

     Rolling his eyes.

     CU. FUNAHO

     Sitting at the table.

          FUNAHO:  (softly)  You may leave, Ayeka.  Yosho
and I can handle this.  We won't need your guardians.
They'll only get in the way.

     CU. AYEKA

     She briefly looks surprised then calmly gets up.

     SHRINE

     Ayeka leaves as Funaho looks up at Yosho, strangely
sympathetic.  Azaka and Kamidake follow Ayeka out.

          FUNAHO:  Yosho, I'm afraid I have some bad news.
It just came to me a few moments ago.

          YOSHO:  (a little nervous)  Yes?

          FUNAHO:  It seems your old friend Gigoro was
killed in a small battle on Leo-three.

          YOSHO:  (sullen)  Gigoro?

          FUNAHO:  Yes.

     CU. YOSHO

     He picks up a small kettle of tea and pours some for
himself, then pours another for Funaho.

          YOSHO:  How did it happen?

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  I'm afraid it was an accident.  It was a
little friendly-fire from one of our air patrols.  I suspect
that Lania maneuvered it.

     SHRINE

          YOSHO:  (a little unnerved)  What a dangerous game
we're playing, Mother.  I hate all this maneuvering.
Doesn't Sasami realize what she's involved in?

          FUNAHO:  (smiling)  She does, Yosho.  We're all
pawns to her.  You know that.  Who better?

          YOSHO:  (softly)  I'm starting to think it isn't a
game to her.  She isn't playing anyone, Mother.

          FUNAHO:  What do you mean?

          KARDANNA:  (grinning sympathetically)  He means
that she's become one of us.  She's struggling just to
survive.  (grim)  I say, it's about damn time, too.

     CU. FUNAHO

     Calmly considering.

     CU. YOSHO

     Grimacing, trying to calm himself.

64   INT. MAIN HALL

     Azusa is looking fairly annoyed as he watches Ryo-Ohki
--in child-form--going through a simple dance.  Sasami,
Misaki, and Tenchi are watching.  Sasami is holding Michiko.

     Azusa rolls his eyes and gently pats Ryo-Ohki on the
head, as Tenchi and Misaki clap.

          AZUSA:  (a little patronizing)  That was very
nice.  Very nice, indeed.  I'd love to see more, but the
fleet needs to be reorganized.

     Misaki goes and hugs Ryo-Ohki as Azusa leaves.  Tenchi
turns to Sasami.

          TENCHI:  Reorganized?

          SASAMI:  Never mind, Tenchi.  He was just giving a
convenient excuse.  (turning)  That was very nice, Ryo-Ohki!

     Misaki and Ryo-Ohki walk up to Tenchi and Sasami.  Ryo-
Ohki looks at Tenchi and Sasami, then back at Misaki.

     CU. MISAKI

     A little confused.

          MISAKI:  Huh?

     CU. RYO-OHKI

     A little anxious, looking down.

          RYO-OHKI:  Bad...

     CU. SASAMI

     Wide-eyed with shock.

     CU. MISAKI

     Grinning with understanding.

          MISAKI:  Oh, I see!  Ryo-Ohki doesn't like you,
Sasami!  (to Ryo-Ohki)  It's okay, Ryo-Ohki.  Sasami's very
nice.  She would never hurt you.

     CU. RYO-OHKI

          RYO-OHKI:  (anxious)  Very bad...  I see...

     MAIN HALL

     Tenchi scratches his head for a moment and then offers
a thought.

          TENCHI:  I think Ryo-Ohki just doesn't relate to
being an adult.  Adults have a much more sophisticated
concept of good and bad, you know.

          MISAKI:  But I'm an adult, and she loves me.

     Misaki demonstrates by hugging Ryo-Ohki, and Ryo-Ohki
hugs back.

          TENCHI:  Yeah, but Sasami used to be a child, just
like Ryo-Ohki is now.  She probably still thinks of Sasami
as a child.

          MISAKI:  (disappointed)  Oh...

          SASAMI:  (sighing)  Mother, could Tenchi and I be
alone for a moment?  We need to talk.

     CU. MISAKI

     She considers for a moment, then grins.

          MISAKI:  Of course, my darling.  I'll be nearby,
just in case you need anything!  (to Ryo-Ohki)  Come on,
little one.  Let's go watch the battleships get reorganized.

     MAIN HALL

     Misaki strolls out the front door with Ryo-Ohki.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  You really think Ryo-Ohki can't relate to
being an adult?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Oh yeah!  Sure.  It's pretty simple, when
you think about it.

     CU. SASAMI

     Sighing, a little upset.

          SASAMI:  Oh Tenchi, I can't let you believe that.
I'd hate myself.

     MAIN HALL

     Sasami looks around, a little stiff, as Tenchi looks
wide-eyed at Sasami.

          TENCHI:  Huh?

          SASAMI:  I'm a trouble-maker, Tenchi.  Every time
I try to fix things, they only end up getting worse.

          TENCHI:  (grimly pondering)  Well...

          SASAMI:  It's true, Tenchi.  I only hurt people.
They either trip over themselves trying to make themselves
more like me or they spend their lives fighting suspicions
they can never hope to disprove.

          TENCHI:  People are just jealous, Sasami.  They
hate how pretty you are.  I think you should be defending
yourself.

          SASAMI:  (softly)  Tenchi, Tenchi...  Is this
something Kimiko taught you?

          TENCHI:  No, I think it was Ayeka.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (chuckling)  Ayeka always has the most
naive illusions, Tenchi.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  That's what makes it so true.  Don't
worry, Sasami.  Your trouble is you're just too nice.  You
should relax.  Let other people worry for a while.

65   INT. TUNNEL

     Lania is sitting at a small console, as Ryoko is
glaring out of a spherical force field.  Mihoshi is still
lying face-down, now without the knife--but very still.

     A small display opens up in front of Lania, and she
looks at it.

     CU. DISPLAY

     The display shows a man, looking around in some
surprise.  He is very hard-looking, like a cliche war-
veteran, complete with buzz haircut and a fake scar on his
cheek.

          LANIA:  (OC)  Gikinos!

          GIKINOS:  (display)  What?  Oh, you.  What do you
want, now?

          LANIA:  (OC)  I thought we had an arrangement.
You deliver me off-planet in exchange for a rendezvous with
my grandfather.

          GIKINOS:  (display)  You treacherous bitch!  You
told me the princess was going to be dead.  The next thing I
hear, she's invaded and helped take my planet!  I know you
arranged it, so don't try to deny it.

     CU. LANIA

     A little exasperated.

          LANIA:  I ran into complications.  I didn't tell
you I knew for sure that princess was going to be dead.
Anyway, invading Alpha wasn't her idea--it was Mihoshi's,
and I've avenged this offense for you.

     CU. DISPLAY

          GIKINOS:  (display)  Oh?  Where?

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  Well, just look for yourself.  I've killed
her, myself.  (she gestures, as she turns)

     TUNNEL

     Lania looks very shocked as she discovers Mihoshi has
disappeared.

          LANIA:  What the hell?  (to Ryoko)  What just
happened here?

     Ryoko gives a smirk and a shrug.

          RYOKO:  (muffled)  How should I know?  I've been
stuck in here, the whole time.

          LANIA:  Damn it!  What's going on?

          GIKINOS:  (display)  Is this another one of your
tricks?  I'm telling you, Lania.  If I find that little--

     Lania switches off the display, very irritated.  She
then turns and glares at Ryoko for a few moments.

          LANIA:  Oh, well.  I still have my primary.  I
should have known Tsunami would figure out a way to track
Mihoshi.  Come on, Ryoko.  Time to beat feet.  I can't let
Tsunami rescue you, too.

66   INT. SPARE ROOM

     Washu is wearing a long red gown, standing over Mihoshi--
who is lying in the raised bed.  Washu groans softly to
herself and mutters.

          WASHU:  (grim)  Oh, well.  Who needs a real leg,
anyway?

     She puts on a set of eye-protectors, and takes out a
short, glowing dagger.

67   INT. KITCHEN

     Sasami is cooking, as Misaki holds Michiko.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi likes to take time for
composition.  His stuff always comes out like chantey or
skiffle.  (chuckling)  Then he quotes Schubert or Puccini
and looks at a daibyoshi like it's grand piano.

     Misaki smiles, vaguely confused.

          MISAKI:  Well, as long you're both happy, Sasami.

     Sasami glances at Misaki, smiling.

          SASAMI:  Oh yeah.  Well...  (sighing)  Mother, I'm
really upset about Ryoko.  I feel like I'm responsible.

     CU. MISAKI

     Gaping, sympathetically.

          MISAKI:  Don't hold back, Sasami.  I'm your
mother.  Tell me all about it...

68   EXT. CITY

     The lights of buildings wash out the stars and threaten
to wash out the huge red planet, hanging overhead.

69   EXT. DINGY ALLEY

     Lania comes up from a sewer entrance into a really ugly
alley, followed shortly by the bubble with Ryoko in it.
Lania goes to the end of the alley and looks around at the
street beyond.

          LANIA:  Time for another quick change of plans...

     Lania turns and sees Washu--looking fairly smug.

          LANIA:  Hey!

          WASHU:  You were expecting someone else, maybe?

     CU. LANIA

     Rushing back toward Ryoko.

          LANIA:  Don't move, Washu!  I can make the force
field any size I want.  I could crush Ryoko with a press of
a button.

     CU. WASHU

     Waggling a small rectangular device.

          WASHU:  (playfully)  You mean with this...?

     ALLEY

     Lania makes a spectacular leap and catches Washu.
Washu chuckles, very amused.

          WASHU:  (laughing)  You have excellent reflexes.
I can see what Sasami sees in you.  Are you as sharp with
your wit?

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  I've got you, Washu.  Let me have that
control!

     Another voice emanates...

          WASHU: (OC)  What do you want that toy for?

     CU. WASHU

     Standing at the other end of the alley.

          WASHU:  (softly)  I know.  It's just something I
like to do--

     CU. LANIA

     Holding a Washu-doll, looking very disgusted.  She
drops the doll and turns.

          LANIA:  Damn!

     ALLEY

     Washu presses a switch on the control, and the sphere
appears around Lania.

          WASHU:  That's better.  (to Ryoko)  You've seen
enough, Ryoko?  I want to go back.  (sighing)  Although, we
can go by a nice restaurant, first.  Sasami just loves spicy
Italian food, you know.  I think it's disgusting.

          RYOKO:  Thanks, Washu.  Is Mihoshi okay?

          WASHU:  She'll be fine.  She'll just have to walk
around with a limp for a while, again.

70   INT. KITCHEN

     Sasami sets a dish out on the table, amongst a host of
other dishes.  Misaki is sitting at the table, holding
Michiko, looking very introspective.

          SASAMI:  (matter-of-factly)  Tenchi recovered
after about a week, right about the same time Little Washu
put Kimiko together.  He was all right, but I could tell he
was worried about Ryoko.  Hikaru had an old friend who kept
an eye on her for a while, but he later told me that no one
wanted to look after Ryoko--she was just too scary.  Then
when Ryoko pulled that stunt, I think Tenchi started blaming
me for everything.  He keeps convincing me that I didn't
really mean to hurt Ryoko, and that makes it all better, but
I can't kid myself.  I feel awful, you know?

          MISAKI:  (stunned)  Uh, huh...  That's it?

          SASAMI:  (sitting)  Yeah--well, that's all I can
stand to say, at the moment.

     CU. MISAKI

          MISAKI:  (a little grim)  Sasami, I always imagine
terrible things whenever I worry about you, but the truth is
so much worse than I could ever imagine.  (sighing)  Where I
went wrong, I think, was getting on that battleship, to
begin with.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (miserable)  Oh, Mother--

     CU. MISAKI

          MISAKI:  (smiling)  It's all right, Sasami.  To be
honest, I'm relieved.  I don't think it can get any worse
than this.

71   INT. STUDY

     Tenchi is sitting at the chessboard, looking at a small
notebook, holding a small flute in one hand.  He turns a few
pages and starts to play.  He starts on a little con
bravura, just as Kimiko appears.

          KIMIKO:  That serenade again?  I think it might
work better if you played it a little legato.

          TENCHI:  (looking up)  You know me, Kimiko.  I
only like a billet-doux with with a good fight scene.

     Kimiko chuckles and Tenchi smiles.

          TENCHI:  Anyway, a serenade is just a musical
chase.  What's a chase without a little dramatic tension?

     CU. KIMIKO

     Leaning at the door frame.

          KIMIKO:  Geez, Tenchi.  Sasami is so lucky.  I
trained you too well.

     CU. TENCHI

     Smiling, casually.

          TENCHI:  No need to flatter me, Kimiko.  This
flute is playing me a lot more than I'm playing it.

     STUDY

     Kimiko goes over to the other chair and looks at the
notebook.

          KIMIKO:  'The Fearless Coquette.'  That's an old
one.

          TENCHI:  Yeah, it reminds me of an old musical I
saw some time ago.  'The Demon of Rashoman,' I think it was
called.

          KIMIKO:  I've never heard of that one.  The
protagonist falls in love with a dragon, I suppose?

          TENCHI:  More of a fixation, than falling in love,
exactly.

          KIMIKO:  This serenade is all about forbidden
passion.  What's 'Demon' about?

          TENCHI:  It's mostly about a handsome man and his
amazing ability to fascinate women.  At the end, he's being
urged to slay a dragon by four of the women, two of the
women are trying to kill him, and the dragon just wants to
be his friend.  I think it was supposed to be a comedy.  I
don't remember it right, though.

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  (playful)  I make a pretty good dragon,
Tenchi.  You aren't going to try to kill me, are you?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (casual)  Actually, the man falls in love
with the dragon at the end, and the women end up slaying the
dragon for him.  The man accidentally falls on his own sword
and dies.  I've always thought they should have reworked the
ending.

     STUDY

     Tenchi looks through the notebook briefly, and closes
it.

          TENCHI:  Weren't you leaving?  I thought you were
taking a sabbatical.

          KIMIKO:  Yeah...  Eventually.  I'm not going to
leave right away.  I hate to leave without some sense of
closure.

          TENCHI:  I want to make sure my work is faithful
to form, but I can probably manage myself.

          KIMIKO:  You need more than form, Tenchi.  You
have to have a passion for your work.  Your work has a lot
of charm, Tenchi, but it's not quite up to my standards.

          TENCHI:  So, what's next?  I think I'm starting to
enjoy being a disappointment.

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  (serious)  I need to be totally honest,
Tenchi.  Uh...

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (genuinely puzzled)  What?

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  Nothing.  I just wanted to say I really
enjoy working with you.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (a little nervous)  Okay...  Uh, yeah.  I
really enjoy it, too.

     STUDY

     Kimiko stands and leaves.  Tenchi puts down the flute,
and considers.  Kimiko enters again, and Tenchi stands up.

          TENCHI:  (softly)  I hate to embarrass you,
Kimiko.  I really do enjoy working with you.

          KIMIKO:  Uh...  Okay.  (nervous)  Thanks.

     Tenchi smiles and casually embraces Kimiko.

          TENCHI:  I know you work pretty hard, Kimiko.
Take it easy for a while, huh?

     Kimiko looks shocked for a moment, then smiles,
pleasantly.  Ryoko suddenly appears gives Kimiko a rude
shove.

          RYOKO:  Hey, you!  What do you think you're doing?
That's my Tenchi you're hugging!

     Kimiko reels, quickly getting her balance, as Tenchi
scowls in surprise.  Ryoko looks around, wide-eyed in shock.

          RYOKO:  Wait a minute!  (to Tenchi)  Oh my god!
Where the hell am I?

          KIMIKO:  (grimacing)  I think she just got her
memory back.

          RYOKO:  Where's that--?!  (calming down)  Tenchi,
where's Sasami?

     CU. TENCHI

     Barely able to speak.

          TENCHI:  Uh, well...  You might try the kitchen...

     CU. RYOKO

     Still trembling in anger.

          RYOKO:  Never mind.  I'll find it.  I'll just
follow my nose.

     STUDY

     Tenchi smiles and scratches his head, then sighs, as
Kimiko just smiles, knowingly.

72   INT. KITCHEN

     Misaki is holding Michiko as she gently comforts
Sasami, who is weeping.  Ryoko flies through the door, about
to deliver some scathing insult, then slowly calms.

          RYOKO:  (tentative)  Hey, Sasami.  What's the
matter?

     Misaki turns and glances sadly at Ryoko.

          MISAKI:  Oh, Ryoko!  My poor, poor Ryoko!  Oh, how
awful you must feel!  I'm so sorry!

          SASAMI:  Mother, you know Ryoko can't remember
anything.

     Misaki frets, looking at Sasami and Ryoko.  She turns,
weepingly, to Sasami.

          MISAKI:  Oh, Sasami!  How will we ever get our
dear, sweet Ryoko back!  Oh!

     Ryoko backs away, frowning in alarm.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  I think I'll come back later.

73   INT. MAIN HALL

     Washu walks past Tenchi and Kimiko as Ryoko emerges
from the kitchen.

          WASHU:  Hey, Ryoko.  Supper ready?

          RYOKO:  Not quite.  Hey, Mom.  Where are we?  I
can't figure out what I'm doing here.

          WASHU:  (a little surprised)  Oh!  This is
Tenchi's house.  We're on Leo, remember?

          RYOKO:  (looking around)  I remember Leo, but I've
never been here.

          KIMIKO:  Washu, does this mean what I think it
does?

          WASHU:  About the future?  Oh, I already tried to
change it.  Sorry, I've never had any luck with that.
Ryoko's better at paradoxes than I am.

     CU. KIMIKO

     A little annoyed.

          KIMIKO:  No, I meant whether Ryoko was really a
victim of a dissociative reaction.  How are you going to
handle this?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (casual)  Same way I just handled Lania--
just set them free and let nature take its course.  There's
no use in getting all bent out of shape when things go wrong
every now and then.  At least I was able to save Mihoshi.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (grimacing)  Whoa!  Mihoshi?  Where is
she?  What happened?

     MAIN HALL

     Washu looks at the statue of Callisto and turns away in
disgust, then looks at it again.

          WASHU:  She's in the spare room, of course.  Damn,
Kimiko!  Can't you give this lady some dignity?  This thing
is really bizarre!

     Tenchi rushes over to the spare room, and hurries in.

          KIMIKO:  Dignity?  The statue represents the
duality of fantasy, Washu.  You can't spare dignity for
symbolism like that--

          RYOKO:  Little Washu, I just saw Sasami and her
mother.  They were really upset about something.  It wasn't
anything I did, was it?

          WASHU:  Don't worry about it, Ryoko.  Those two
are always weeping about something.

          KIMIKO:  What happened to Mihoshi?  Nothing you
couldn't fix, I hope.

          WASHU:  Just some nerve damage and a leg I had to
replace.  (sigh)  I really hate to play doctor.  Therapy is
such a pain.

          KIMIKO:  I've never trusted that girl.  I just
know she isn't as stupid as she pretends to be.

          WASHU:  (chuckling)  Boy, you can say that again!

THE END


