
Author:   Mike Fenton <mpfenton@hotmail.com>
Title:    DYING FOR A PIECE OF THE ACTION
Notes:    Regular (OVA), script format
Summary:  Pirates are taking over, so it's time to strike
          back.

[Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are the
property of AIC and Pioneer LDC, Inc. and was created by
Masaki Kajishima.  This story comes entirely from my
imagination, and is strictly intended to be apocryphal--so
please don't sue me.]

1    EXT. BARREN WASTELAND

     A single, robed figure strolls across desert dunes in
the middle of a barren wasteland.  Another figure appears
and follows.

          FIRST FIGURE:  (turning)  Who are you?

          SECOND FIGURE:  Who am I?  Don't you know?

     CU. FIRST FIGURE

     She smiles for a moment, then frowns.

          FIRST FIGURE:  That devil-woman.  I should have
known.

     CU. SECOND FIGURE

          SECOND FIGURE:  You're that Juraian princess...
Or are you that tree-lady?

     CU. FIRST FIGURE

          FIRST FIGURE:  Them and so many more...

     WASTELAND

     The figures draw closer and stand, facing each other.

          SECOND FIGURE:  You happy, now?

          FIRST FIGURE:  Huh?

          SECOND FIGURE:  Well, I could hardly help noticing
that you destroyed the universe again.

     CU. FIRST FIGURE

          FIRST FIGURE:  Again?

     CU. SECOND FIGURE

          SECOND FIGURE:  Oh, sorry.  I forgot.  I'm in the
past.

     WASTELAND

     A third figure suddenly appears.

          THIRD FIGURE:  Actually, this is the future.  My
future, anyway.

          FIRST FIGURE:  (a little disconcerted)  Ryoko?
Wait a minute...  Which one is you?

          SECOND FIGURE:  Hmm...  Oh, right!  She's me.  I
remember.

          THIRD FIGURE:  I guess this means I'm not going to
be successful--or, from your point-of-view, was not.

          SECOND FIGURE:  Let's not jump to conclusions.  I
might only be here to observe.  I can be very curious...

          FIRST FIGURE:  No.  I don't believe this.  I know
you can duplicate yourself, Ryoko.  You're just trying to
trick me.

     CU. SECOND FIGURE

          SECOND FIGURE:  Now, why would I return here just
to trick you?

     CU. THIRD FIGURE

          THIRD FIGURE:  I think we're past the point where
I might try something stupid.

     WASTELAND

     A fourth figure appears.

          FOURTH FIGURE:  I'm back!  Anyone miss me?

          THIRD FIGURE:  So, you're also from the future.

          SECOND FIGURE:  (musing)  Back in one piece...
How in the world did you manage that?

          FOURTH FIGURE:  (casual)  Oh, you'd be surprised
what you can accomplish with infinite intelligence.

          FIRST FIGURE:  (nervous)  This is for real.  I can
sense it.  You really are from the future.

          THIRD FIGURE:  And the past.

     CU. SECOND FIGURE

          SECOND FIGURE:  The future and the past are real,
but this is not.

     CU. FOURTH FIGURE

          FOURTH FIGURE:  Huh?

     CU. THIRD FIGURE

          THIRD FIGURE:  You're not making sense, future-
girl.

     CU. FIRST FIGURE

          FIRST FIGURE:  Yes.  Please explain yourself.

     WASTELAND

     The third and fourth figure look like they're about to
object, when the second figure gestures for silence, then
beckons.  The second, third and fourth figures huddle
together and begin chatting.  The first figure looks on, a
little nonplussed.

     A heated discussion ensues.

          SECOND FIGURE:  None of it...!

          THIRD FIGURE:  But--

          FOURTH FIGURE:  Quiet!  Keep it down...!

     The first figure frowns, considering.  The second
figure looks at the first, curiously.  She then continues
the discussion.

          SECOND FIGURE:  I'm telling you, it won't work,
otherwise.  It's this or nothing!

          FOURTH FIGURE:  But, how do you know?

          SECOND FIGURE:  Because it already happened!

          THIRD FIGURE:  Not to me.

          FOURTH FIGURE:  I don't remember it.

     The second figure sighs, and slumps a bit.

          THIRD FIGURE:  How could you even remember it if
you're here?  Wouldn't that mean it won't have worked?

          SECOND FIGURE:  Just trust me.  If you can't trust
me, who can you trust?

          FOURTH FIGURE:  You're the last person in the
universe I trust.

     CU. SECOND FIGURE

          SECOND FIGURE:  How well I know...

     CU. FIRST FIGURE

          FIRST FIGURE:  This is all very amusing, but I
have a destiny, you know...

     CU. SECOND FIGURE

     She smiles and offers her hand to the first figure.

          SECOND FIGURE:  Hey, Tsunami, no hard feelings.

     CU. FIRST FIGURE

     She frowns, suspicious.

          FIRST FIGURE:  What is this?

     CU. SECOND FIGURE

          SECOND FIGURE:  Really.  You know what they say.
'If you can't beat 'em, join 'em.'  What do you have to
lose?

     WASTELAND

     The third and fourth figures look on, suspiciously, as
the first figure considers and then smiles.

          FIRST FIGURE:  You're so right.  Why not?

     They approach and grasp hands.

     CU. FIRST FIGURE

     A look of brief shock.

2    ABSTRACT

     A bolt of lightning hits Tenchi in the chest, slicing
him neatly in half.  The upper half floats upward as the
lower half gently falls.  He looks around, curiously.  He
smiles, inexplicably, and his eyes glaze over, mirror-like.

3    EXT. BARREN WASTELAND

     CU. FIRST FIGURE

          FIRST FIGURE:  Oh my god!  The vision again!

     CU. SECOND FIGURE

          SECOND FIGURE:  And again... and again...
Recursing infinitely in a hall of mirrors!

     WASTELAND

     The third and fourth figures ponder, a little confused.

          SECOND FIGURE:  I finally realized your weakness,
Tsunami.  You like to look into the future, but you can't
really handle it.  You always share, and then you always
reflect.  Like right now.

     CU. SECOND FIGURE

          SECOND FIGURE:  (casual)  Hey there, Sasami!  Say
hello to Tenchi for me.  You can wake up, now.

4    INT. TENCHI'S BEDROOM

     Sasami and Tenchi are lying together in bed.  Off to
the side, as if provided as an afterthought, is a small
crib, where a baby is sleeping.  Sasami awakens and gasps.
(Sasami looks quite like Tsunami, but still fairly young--
like sixteen or seventeen.  Tenchi looks much the same as
before, except that he has long hair, tied into a pony-
tail.)

     CU. SASAMI

     She briefly looks like she wants to attack someone.

          SASAMI:  Oh my god!  What a horrible dream...
(looking down)  Oh Tenchi...

5    EXT. MASAKI SHRINE

     A nice morning shot, framed by trees with coloring--
suggesting early fall.

6    INT. SHRINE

     Tenchi and Yosho are sitting at a table, having some
tea.

          YOSHO:  A little cold for this time of year, don't
you think?

          TENCHI:  It suits me just fine.  I would prefer if
there were snow, though.

          YOSHO:  (smiling)  A few more months, Tenchi.  You
can't always be lucky, you know.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  What do you think of little Michiko?
She's very pretty for a baby.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  (frowning a little)  She has your mother's
eyes.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  So, what did you want to talk about?

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  I just wanted to see how you were doing,
Tenchi.  Is everything all right?  How is Sasami?

     SHRINE

     Tenchi ponders a bit before answering.

          TENCHI:  There's nothing to worry about, Grandpa.
I'm doing just fine.

          YOSHO:  You sure?  You know, you are always
welcome here, if anything were to go wrong...

          TENCHI:  That's okay, Grandpa.  I like it on Leo.

          YOSHO:  The teaching...  Yes, I always found that
to be a good last resort, myself.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Well, it's not the teaching that pays.
The tutoring is where the real money comes in.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  Tutoring?  You tutor in self-defense, as
well?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (amused)  No, I just teach that.  I do
personal tutoring in Earth languages.  It was a little
difficult at first--they mainly just want me to teach
English.  Then there was the native language barrier.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  Barrier?  Ah, yes.  Common Juraian.  I
recall you always had trouble with that.  It wasn't too much
trouble, I think.  I've noticed you've already built a house
for yourself.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Oh, so you know about that?  Well, yeah.
It wasn't too much trouble.  After the first few months, I
was able to pick up enough to get by.  It helped quite a bit
that Kimiko was my translator.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  I thought she was your mentor.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Just for the art.  She's been a little
reluctant to do much mentoring, though.  I think the
assimilation was pretty hard on her.  She was very depressed
for the first month or so.

     SHRINE

          YOSHO:  I was wondering why she didn't come with
you...

          TENCHI:  (a little awkward)  So, how is Ayeka
doing?  She's not still upset, is she?

          YOSHO:  Ayeka is working it out, Tenchi.  She has
a more personal way of expressing her grief.  You should
know that.

          TENCHI:  She's always been a little vain.

          YOSHO:  She just likes to handle things very
privately.  (softly)  Tenchi, you never answered my
question.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Huh?

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  About Sasami.  Is she doing well?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Oh...  She's seems fine to me, Grandpa.
I wouldn't worry about her...

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  Really?  There's nothing you want to tell
me?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  What's there to tell?  We're both very
happy, Grandpa.  You should see her.  She was always pretty
responsive, before.  Now, she just fairly glows.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  (casual)  She's not too demanding?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (confused)  She's very modest, Grandpa.
She's so sweet, too.  She has a knack for being annoyed and
upset for just long enough to make you feel bad, but not so
bad that you start to think she really hates you.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  (sighing)  Ah, yes.  I recall, she had
those qualities as a child--what I saw of her, that is.

     SHRINE

     The door slides open.  Sasami stands at the entrance,
holding little Michiko.

          SASAMI:  Good morning.

     Tenchi gets up and greets Michiko, then gently kisses
Sasami.

          YOSHO:  Good morning.  I hope you slept well.

          SASAMI:  I stayed warm, if that's what you mean.

          TENCHI:  I'm starting to like being a human
pillow.  (looking at Michiko)  I could take little Michiko.

          SASAMI:  No, Tenchi.  We'll be fine.  I just need
to have a little talk with Yosho in private, if you don't
mind.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Oh...  I'll be back at the house.  I'll
help out Dad with breakfast.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Take your time.  Big Brother and I have a
lot to talk about.

     SHRINE

     Tenchi exits, and Sasami stands for a moment,
considering Michiko.

          SASAMI:  Little Michiko is very calm and well-
behaved for a baby.  She looks like a little magician.  I
just know she'll enjoy performing little illusions.

          YOSHO:  Yes.  She reminds me in many ways of
Achika at that age.

     Sasami looks around at Yosho, and Yosho smiles.

     CU. SASAMI

     She looks somewhat taken aback.

          SASAMI:  Yosho, you aren't still jealous, are you?

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  What makes you think that?

     SHRINE

     Sasami considers, as she goes to the table and sits
across from Yosho.

          SASAMI:  (casual)  You're still upset about
Achika?  You know you were too hard on her.

          YOSHO:  (grim)  Achika made life hard on herself.
She never learned anything she didn't beg me to teach her.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (annoyed)  And I suppose you had nothing
to do with her begging?

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  You think it was just a petty vendetta?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (sighing)  I think you weren't ready to
accept the truth.  You never were.

     SHRINE

     Yosho gets up and pours some tea for Sasami.

          YOSHO:  Wasn't there any way we could make up?

          SASAMI:  You were the one with the excuses.
Something was always coming up.  You kept meeting others.
What did you expect?

          YOSHO:  (grimly amused)  Is that why you married
Tenchi?  Let me know something, Sasami.

          SASAMI:  Yes?

     Yosho sits again.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  Just how long have you had your heart set
on Tenchi?  Did you actually meet him, first?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (scowling)  You are far too curious,
Yosho.  You and Ayeka have a lot in common.  I'm surprised
you didn't just relent and have her for yourself, instead.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  She isn't done sharpening her claws on me.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  I suppose that's my fault, too?

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  I don't blame you for any of this.  You
were just using Ryoko...

     SHRINE

          SASAMI:  (upset)  I've never used anyone!

          YOSHO:  Hmm...  So you say, but Ayeka told me that
Ryoko remembers Tenchi from when Tenchi was just an infant.
Tell me, Sasami, how is that possible?

          SASAMI:  (grim)  You have some imagination, Yosho.
You think I had something to do with that?

          YOSHO:  Didn't you suggest that I let Tenchi
resurrect Ryoko?

          SASAMI:  That was your idea.

          YOSHO:  But the timing was perfect, if you meant
for Ryoko to distract Ayeka from finding me.  It also
allowed Ryoko to distract Ayeka from Tenchi, and it allowed
you to confront Kagato at Earth--giving you an excuse to
remain here.  It's all a little too convenient for you, for
me to just dismiss it.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (introspective)  Okay, fine.  I admit it.
I've been mindful of him for quite some time.  I didn't use
anyone.  Ryoko just happened to be in the right place at the
right time.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  I see.  So, it was a mistake, that she
remembers Tenchi as a child?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  I was a little careless, that's all.  You
need not read anything else into it.  And watch what you say
about Ayeka, Yosho.  Ayeka isn't as careless as you and I.

     SHRINE

     Sasami has some tea, as she considers Michiko again.

          YOSHO:  I didn't mean to offend you, Sasami.  I
was just worried about Ryoko.  She's okay, isn't she?

          SASAMI:  She's fine.  I know.  (amused)  Tenchi
hired a detective to make sure she was protected.  He was
worried that someone might hurt her.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  That was very thoughtful of him.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  I read some of the reports.  He had
nothing to fear, of course.  The detective spent more time
protecting petty thugs from her than her from any of them.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  And Little Washu?  Have you heard anything
about her?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  We still talk from time to time, but I
haven't heard anything from her in the past couple months.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  You plan to visit Mihoshi again?  She's
nearby.  It may be some time before you can get back.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Maybe.  I wish Mother wasn't so busy,
lately.  I just know she's still upset.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  She'll be glad to know you called her
'Mother' again.  I don't know if you'll see her, any time
soon, though.  (sigh)  Don't you think it's time I drop this
stupid disguise?  Ayeka obviously knows, but she won't admit
it.

     SHRINE

     Sasami takes some tea and considers.

          SASAMI:  I've grown to like that look, Yosho.
Anyway, the disguise isn't for me or Ayeka anymore.  It's
for Tenchi.  How do you think he would react to your actual
appearance?

     Yosho groans, a little disgusted.

7    EXT. A LITTLE VILLA

     Washu is standing at the door, holding Ryo-Ohki.  She
considers for a moment, then knocks.

8    INT. MAIN HALL

     Mihoshi goes to the entrance and slides open the door.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh, hey!  Little Washu!  What a suprise!

          WASHU:  (annoyed)  Really?  (softly)  Where is she?

          MIHOSHI:  Who?  Oh, you mean--?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Funaho.  I was sent for.

     MAIN HALL

     Funaho enters from a side room, looking fairly calm.

          FUNAHO:  Hello, Washu.  I see you look well.

     Washu scowls and enters, confronting Funaho in front of
the television.  The TV is blaring some children's program.

          WASHU:  Cut the crap, Funaho.  What do you want
with me?

          FUNAHO:  (feigning shock)  Whatever has offended
you?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Well, for starters, you've made it
impossible for me to go anywhere without being spied on--and
I don't mean Tenchi's rent-a-cop.  I've seen all those elite
scouts you have trailing me.  There's three outside, right
now.

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  (smiling)  Rangers are not under our
control, Washu.  You know that.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  I know all about this little war you've
got going on with the pirates.  In a time of war, you take
liberties with the rangers--everyone knows that.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Uh, I'm a ranger, and this is the first
I've heard of any war.

     MAIN HALL

     Funaho regards Mihoshi with some irritation, as Washu
grimaces--almost amused.

          FUNAHO:  Could you get us some tea, Mihoshi?  I'd
like to sit and have a word with Washu.

          WASHU:  Don't expect me to be chatty.  You think
I'm a potential political risk for your campaign.  I'm here
to tell you that you're full of it, so back off.

          FUNAHO:  (sighing)  I wasn't here for any
accusation.  I merely wish to offer some sympathy and ask
for some advice.  Now, if it should happen that you might
present us with some potential for political problems--

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  I know.  You're prepared to make the
ultimate sacrifice.  You'd blow up this house to make sure I
didn't give an edge to that fox you have on the run.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Oh my!  Blow up this house?

     MAIN HALL

     Funaho rolls her eyes and goes to sit at the table.
She sits and gestures to Washu.

          FUNAHO:  (softly)  It pains me to see you so
upset, Little Washu.  Believe me.  I sympathize with you.
Poor Ayeka is close to my heart, as much as your Ryoko is to
you.

          WASHU:  Is anyone trying to kill Ayeka?

          FUNAHO:  Well, as a matter of fact...

     Washu looks a little shocked.  She goes and stands
across from Funaho.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  That ambush on Ryo-Ohki by the pirates was
an assassination attempt?

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  It was supposed to be a private matter
for the Supreme Council and the old guard who still
supported General Kent.  Since the general was Lania's
father, we figured it was in our best interest to keep him
alive.  Now--

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Oh, I see.  He tried to take his revenge
for the death of his wife.

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Funaho gestures again, as Mihoshi returns with some
tea.  Washu takes the kettle.

          WASHU:  Thanks, Mihoshi.  Go watch some TV, huh?
We wouldn't want to bore you.

     Washu pours some tea for Funaho and sits, as Mihoshi
goes to the sofa.  Mihoshi sits, nervously--glancing back
and forth.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  I thought that ambush was meant for me.
Afterward, it didn't really make any sense--especially after
the police got involved.

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  The rogues--they were placed by the
pirates as a distraction for Kardanna's assault on Alpha.
We believe that Lania helped the general arrange that
attempt on Ayeka.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Lania is turning out to be a handful.  Why
haven't you disposed of her?

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  She's too valuable--

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  As bait, yes.  I'm telling you, Funaho--
get rid of her.  She's the risk.

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Ayeka enters from the kitchen, holding a cup of tea in
her hands.

          AYEKA:  The only problem with doing that, Washu,
is that you expose your allies to leadership uncertainties.
If we assassinate Lania, why not any other potential leader?
Why not any current leader, as well?

     Washu sighs, trying to take stock.

          WASHU:  Don't lecture me on statecraft, Ayeka.
You've been using Lania from the beginning.  Don't pretend
to be holding the olive branch, now.

          FUNAHO:  I think what Ayeka means, Little Washu,
is that we cannot appear to be weak in the face of our
enemy.  It would accomplish Kardanna's purpose as quickly as
doubling the size of his fleet.

     Ayeka sits at the table, setting down her cup.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  The alliance favors strength--they have a
rule:  never support weakness.  If we dispose of Lania as
you suggest, we would certainly appear to be weak, and Jurai
would fall into the hands of Kardanna.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  But if you fail to strike, Lania will use
someone else to accomplish that anyway.  Kardanna may fall,
but it will only put Jurai into Lania's hands.  Then where
would you be?

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  The only way to ensure the security of
the empire is to keep Kardanna on the run.  We have Lania.

     MAIN HALL (table)

          WASHU:  Under Belena--I know.

          FUNAHO:  (a little shocked)  Representative
Belena?  How in the world do you know that?

          WASHU:  (glancing at Mihoshi)  I have my sources.

          AYEKA:  Belena?  Are you mad, Washu?  Why would we
have Lania under the eye of our chief rival in the Council?

     CU. FUNAHO

     She frets, a little annoyed.

          FUNAHO:  Ayeka...  You weren't supposed to know
about this, but Belena is part of this, as well.  We don't
trust her, but--

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (grimly amused)  Oh, I see.  You are
counting on her double-edged treachery.  Very clever.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Very dangerous.  You think Lania doesn't
suspect what you're planning?  You think she doesn't know
where Belena stands?  That double-edged sword could very
likely fall on Jurai.

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  Don't overestimate her, Washu.  Not
everyone has your sources.

     MAIN HALL

     Mihoshi appears, holding a small package.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh, that reminds me.  Little Washu, some
old man came by and said to give this to you.

     Funaho and Ayeka look fairly alarmed, as Washu
curiously takes the package and opens it.

          WASHU:  This should be good for an amusement.  I
suspect he's sent this to me by mistake.

     Sasami enters, looking curiously over Washu's shoulder.

          SASAMI:  Really?  Has anyone ever sent you
something by mistake, Little Washu?

     Funaho looks around in a bit of shock, suddenly staring
at Sasami, then turning back to Washu.  Washu opens the box,
and takes out a little statuette.  Ryoko appears, looking
thoughtfully at it, gesturing.

          RYOKO:  Hey, that looks like me!

     CU. WASHU

     Holding up the statuette.

          WASHU:  Well, the gang's all here.

     CU. STATUETTE

     A nearly perfect rendering of Ryoko holding a short
glowing sword, looking very sullen and remorseful.  In her
other hand is a small roll of paper.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  That's a very good likeness.

     CU. SASAMI

     Looking at Ryoko, nervously.

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Funaho gets up and looks at Sasami, intently.  Washu
takes the small roll of paper and reads, as Ayeka, Ryoko,
Mihoshi, and Sasami look on in amazement.

          WASHU:  (reading)  'Learn the lesson that Ryoko
had to learn the hard way--do not seek for what you are
truly unready to find.  Let some secrets remain hidden.'

     Ryoko looks a little disconcerted as several eyes start
turning toward her.  She begins to tremble a bit.

          RYOKO:  (muttering)  Why, that petty bastard!

          WASHU:  That's him, all right.  (looking around)
Still knows how to lay it on thick.  (to Mihoshi)  He didn't
happen to give you a name, did he?

          MIHOSHI:  Uh--  I don't remember.

          AYEKA:  This mesage was meant for Washu?

          FUNAHO:  Sasami--  How you have grown!

     CU. SASAMI

     She gapes in stunned amazement.

          SASAMI:  (softly)  I think I'm getting dizzy.

     CU. AYEKA

     She picks up her tea and begins to drink again.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     She ponders for a moment, then offers a thought.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh, yeah.  I remember, now.  He said it
was 'Rumpelstiltskin.'  I don't know how I could forget
that.

     CU. WASHU

     Rolling her eyes.

          WASHU:  Why did I bother to ask?

9    EXT. JURAI ROYAL PALACE

     Clouds cross the sky like country roads, as if viewed
from high above.  A gentle breeze stirs in a morning light.
Several small cruisers are flitting up into the sky.

10   INT. HALLWAY

     Several uniformed figures go marching by, in step, as a
few civilians scurry here and there.  A couple of well-
dressed guardians march toward a set of monstrously large
doors.

11   INT. ELABORATE HALL

     A wide set of stairs ascend to a single throne.  At the
throne is Azusa, looking thoughtful and just a little
annoyed, as some councilors pester him and Misaki stands
nearby.  The two guardians enter and approach, and Azusa
looks around, a little relieved.

          FIRST COUNCILOR:  (stiff)  I think what happened
is that devious Washu conspired with Tsunami.  They are
affecting this emergency to bring the empire under their
control.

          SECOND COUNCILOR:  (pondering)  Let's not be hasty
in our judgements.  Tsunami had better opportunities than
this to capture the empire--and she isn't as easy to sway as
you are suggesting...

          FIRST COUNCILOR:  Washu is a genius, your majesty.
I wouldn't put it beneath her.  She knows the pirates will
plunder the Academy, so she has her eyes set on a throne of
her own.

     Azusa scowls, annoyed.

          SECOND COUNCILOR:  She was offered more power than
the throne of this empire several times.  I don't think
she's interested--

          AZUSA:  (to the guardians)  Morgos and Darion--
Ah, I see you have been faithful servants of mine.

     The two guardians stop and bow, stiffly.

          MORGOS:  We are yours to command, your majesty.

     The councilors appear to be about to continue, as Azusa
stands and gestures for silence.

          AZUSA:  I know this is all very troubling.  I
suspect many things, but I doubt Washu is behind them.  This
is clearly the work of that wily fox, Kardanna.  His
military skill is nearly as clever as my own.  He has simply
made a desperate strike before we were fully able to marshal
are own forces.

     CU. AZUSA

          AZUSA:  Once again, it seems we must accept
defeat.  This will only be temporary, though.  Once again,
the pirates will underestimate the value of our allies.  The
Jurai empire is made of stronger bonds than they can
imagine.  We will return and crush them like the bugs they
are.  Come, my friends.  We should make our escape.

     CU. MORGOS

          MORGOS:  (formal)  Your majesty, with your
permission, we will stay behind and secure your escape.

     HALL

     Misaki frowns, considering Morgos and Darion
thoughtfully.

          AZUSA:  Yes, this suits us well.  Fight bravely,
my faithful servants.

     Azusa and the councilors begin to leave as Misaki
slowly turns, resigned.

12   EXT. SPACE

     A long line of Juraian cruisers fly toward a group of
pirate battleships.  Several pirate fighters launch out of
the battleships and form up in front of the Juraians.
Several Juraian warships come around to the flanks of their
line.

13   INT. LEAD JURAI WARSHIP

     A man in a dignified uniform stands before a tactical
display at the command center.  He studies the display for a
moment, then makes some orders.

          COMMANDER:  Everyone hold the line.  We might be
able to beat them back.  We outnumber them by at least two-
to-one, so stay together.  Strength in our numbers.

14   EXT. SPACE

     The line of pirate fighters boldly strikes at the line
of cruisers.  The pirate fighters are outnumbered, but are
clearly making dog meat out of the Jurai cruisers.

15   INT. LEAD JURAI WARSHIP

     The commander scowls as he considers.  The comm officer
looks up, a little desperate.

          COMM:  Shall we commit the warships, sir?

          COMMANDER:  (upset)  We don't move until they do.
If we get outflanked, we're all dead anyway.

16   EXT. SPACE

     The pirate fighters regroup as the cruisers make a
valiant attempt to beat them back.  The pirate battleships
stay back, menacingly.

17   INT. LEAD JURAI WARSHIP

     The commander breathes a short sigh of relief.

          COMMANDER:  There, you see.  They'll turn on their
own strategy.  They'll be forced to commit their ships
before we do.

18   EXT. SPACE

     The pirate battleships turn to outflank the cruisers,
viciously blasting with lasers and missiles.

19   INT. LEAD JURAI WARSHIP

     The commander clenches his fist.

          COMMANDER:  Yes!  Now, give the order!

20   EXT. SPACE

     The Jurai warships turn to outflank the pirate
battleships, viciously blasting with their lasers and
missiles.  Just as it looks like the battle is turning their
way, a huge fleet of Galaxy Police battleships appear and
begin firing on the Jurai warships.

21   INT. LEAD JURAI WARSHIP

     The commander looks very shocked.

          COMMANDER:  Where did they come from?

22   EXT. SPACE

     The GP battleships are making short work of the Jurai
fleet, as a few Jurai cruisers start to break off.

23   INT. LEAD JURAI WARSHIP

     The commander looks like he's about to have a tantrum.
Several nasty explosions go off nearby.

          COMMANDER:  No!  Stay together!  Anybody who
breaks off is dead!  Stay together!

24   EXT. SPACE

     The escaping cruisers get wasted, one-by-one, as the
remaining Jurai group forms up again, signalling a
surrender.

25   INT. MAIN HALL

     Sasami and Tenchi are playing a video game, as Mihoshi
holds Michiko.  Ryoko looks on, as Ayeka, Funaho and Washu
continue to talk at the table.  Ayeka is holding Ryo-Ohki,
petting her softly.

          SASAMI:  Oh, shoot!  I give up.  You never play
fair, Tenchi.

     Tenchi chuckles, as Sasami gets up and takes Michiko
from Mihoshi.  Ryoko smiles, grimly, and offers.

          RYOKO:  I'll play.  Tenchi can't beat me.

     CU. TENCHI

     He looks a little awkward.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Go on, Tenchi.  Show her how to play
that.  Kick her butt.

     CU. RYOKO

     She glances at Sasami with a wicked grin, then looks
back around at Tenchi.

          RYOKO:  What are you afraid of, Tenchi?  I'm
completely over you, you know.  I don't suppose that stupid
detective was able to tell you how many times I've skewered
you figuratively.  I've been wanting to skewer you
literally, but I don't think Sasami would be my friend again
if I did that.

     CU. TENCHI

     He looks a little introspective for a moment, then
smiles.

          TENCHI:  I was worried for a while, but I'm glad
to see that I was worried for nothing.

     MAIN HALL

     Tenchi and Ryoko battle it out.  Ryoko grins, beating
him almost instantly.

          RYOKO:  I told you.  The only time you ever beat
me is when you have help.  (she turns)  Isn't that right,
Sasami?

     Sasami frowns, unwilling to add anything to that.

          TENCHI:  Hey.  Let's play again.  I don't think I
was ready.

     Ayeka looks briefly at the game, then back around at
the table, considering.

          AYEKA:  I never thought I'd live to see Ryoko
again.  Last time I saw her, she was going to do Kimiko's
laundry.

     CU. FUNAHO

     She scowls in confusion.

          FUNAHO:  Huh?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Never mind.  It's a long story.  Funaho, I
wonder if you've considered how to keep Kardanna on the run.
He must have strongholds here and there.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  We have operatives at all his strongholds,
Washu.  Surely, we would know if he were hiding out--

     MAIN HALL

     A curious beeping emanates into the room, and Ayeka and
Washu look at Funaho.  She takes a small sphere out of a
pocket of her kimono and frowns for a moment.  She then lets
the sphere hover, wide-eyed with shock.

          FUNAHO:  Well, it seems that we won't need to
guess about Kardanna's whereabouts.

          WASHU:  He's invading already?

          FUNAHO:  He secured the rebel faction of the
Galaxy Police.  It's just a matter of time, now.

          AYEKA:  Galaxy Police?  Surely, such factions can
be countermanded...

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  The Galaxy Union controls outbreaks within
the Galaxy Police, Ayeka.  If I'm right, there are several
traitors now moving within the Galaxy Union to make sure the
assaults are not countermanded.

     CU. FUNAHO

     Resigned in defeat.

          FUNAHO:  I'm afraid Washu is probably right.
Jurai will have to have another restoration.  The emperor
will be making his escape, even as we speak.

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Sasami appears, holding Michiko.

          SASAMI:  (casual)  You are deluding yourself,
Funaho.  There won't be any restoration, this time.

          FUNAHO:  (suspicious)  What makes you say that?

          SASAMI:  (sighing)  Because the alliance is
broken.  Don't you see?  Kardanna would never settle for a
little group of traitors--he's probably taken control of the
Galaxy Union already.

          WASHU:  (nearly breathless)  Whoa, she's right.
It's a classic end-game maneuver.  Lania probably arranged
it all.  I doubt he would have moved this quickly,
otherwise.

          FUNAHO:  I see I was right to come here for
advice.  This is all very upsetting.  Is there nothing we
can do?

     They all look quiet and introspective as Ryoko
celebrates again.

          RYOKO:  Yeah!  Take that!

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (thoughtful)  If this is the work of
Lania, then perhaps we should do as Washu suggests and just
dispose of her.  Maybe we should cut our losses.

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  (objecting)  But if we do that, we play
right into Kardanna's hands.  He's probably already
arranging for someone to strike at our outpost on Leo-three.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  There must be a way we can remove her
fangs without making it appear to be an act of desperation.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Is this the same Lania I know?  A little
curly-haired girl?

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Ayeka, Washu and Funaho glare at Mihoshi--very
suspicious.

          AYEKA:  How in the world do you know Lania?

          MIHOSHI:  She's not all that bad.  I met her when
Tenchi began tutoring her in Spanish.  I think she even
mastered un pocito.

          FUNAHO:  Tenchi has been tutoring Lania?

          WASHU:  This is a real shock.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  She said that she could pretty much get
out of that outpost any time she wanted.  It was real easy
for her to slip by the guards.  I'm surprised it's so easy,
myself.  Those guards must be pretty lax.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  The guards aren't clumsy, Mihoshi.  They
are all operatives on our pay.  They let her get out, so we
can keep an eye on her.  Apparently, though, we've been
double-crossed, somewhere down the line.

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  No report ever made it back to me about
Lania being tutored by Tenchi.  Mihoshi, did Lania ever tell
you about who helps her escape and how she goes about making
her plans?

     CU. MIHOSHI

     Scowling, vacantly.

          MIHOSHI:  Huh...  Now, that I think about it, she
did admit that she liked to sneak into a museum for
recreation.  She mentioned some little statues that she kept
things hidden in.  I went there myself, but all I could find
were little devices in some artifacts.

     CU. WASHU

     Very intent, curious.

          WASHU:  Little mechanical devices?  What did they
look like?

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  A couple crystal-looking devices, like
little gems.  Then there were some meshed objects, like they
had lots of little eyes.  I can't think of any reason why
someone would hide little devices in some little statues.

     MAIN HALL

     Ryoko celebrates again, and Tenchi gets up, a little
irritated.

          TENCHI:  Okay, I think I'm whipped.  I want to
hear what's going on.

          RYOKO:  You're just a sore loser.  Admit it.

          WASHU:  A little modesty might be more
appropriate, Ryoko.

          AYEKA:  (softly)  Command and control.  The
devices are for communication, analysis and confirmation.
Damn!  That's why we could never figure out who she was
working with!  She was working alone!

          SASAMI:  Clever girl.

          FUNAHO:  Yes.  I see what you meant about Mihoshi,
Washu.

          WASHU:  Huh?  Oh, right.

          AYEKA:  Okay, we just take the devices.  Problem
solved.

          WASHU:  It's not that easy.  You don't just break
into a museum and steal priceless artifacts without being
noticed.

          RYOKO:  Why not?  I've done it several times.

          WASHU:  Yeah, and you got yourself killed off half
the time.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Okay, use a homing missile.  Blast the
artifacts to kingdom come.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (rolling her eyes)  That would be worse
than killing off Lania--especially if we happened to kill
some innocent security guards in the process.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Not to mention the fact that those devices
are probably pirate artifacts.  We don't know that much
about pirate devices--I'm very curious to see how they work.
We could prevent a lot of costly battles if we knew how they
communicated.

     MAIN HALL (table)

          FUNAHO:  What we need is some kind of commando
raid.

          AYEKA:  Stage a feint, first.

          RYOKO:  Yeah, distract the cops and the pirate-
controlled military forces.  That way, you can escape in one
piece.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  It would have to be a pretty impressive
feint.  I'm not sure I could accomplish that.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  It won't have to be impressive.  It just
needs to look impressive.  Little Washu, I don't suppose you
have any more decoy Ryo-Ohki's you can give us?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  No, but I can arrange some decoy Jurai
warships.  That'll get their attention.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  All this, just because of Little Lania?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Whoa!  Lania is involved in all this?

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Funaho looks a little exasperated as Ayeka explains.

          AYEKA:  It's all very simple, Tenchi.  Lania is
manipulating the political powers of her grandfather--the
Elite Pirate Guild Master--and the forces of her late
father--the unlamented General Kent, previously the
Commanding General of the Jurai military forces.

          SASAMI:  Under Tsunami, of course.

          AYEKA:  Lania is the key.  We remove the key--the
door stays closed.

          WASHU:  It won't bring back Jurai.

          FUNAHO:  No, but it may stave off anarchy.

26   EXT. ROYAL PALACE

     A bright, noon-like scene of columns of pirate
fighters, all sitting on the ground.  Pirate battleships
shoot by, pursuing a few Juraian cruisers.  An eery silence
hangs in the air.

27   INT. ELABORATE HALL

     The guards, Morgos and Darion, stand alone--very solemn
and still.  One man in a pirate scout uniform enters and is
about to brandish a blaster, when a couple of well-dressed
figures enter directly behind.  The first figure stops the
scout.

          SCOUT:  Melafi?  Sifto?  Your suggestion was good.
I've discovered traitors.

     The one addressed as Melafi is an older guardian with
an impressive build--obviously a hardened veteran.  The one
called Sifto is a short, fairly unimpressive looking woman
with a murky look.

          MELAFI:  (turning to Morgos and Darion)  Traitors,
eh?  Who art thou?  Friend or foe?

     Morgos smiles, as Darion frowns.

          DARION:  'Who art thou?'  What kind of question is
that?  We will not be addressed by swine like you.

          SIFTO:  (casual)  They aren't traitors.  They're
here to delay us.  It won't work, though.  We'll have you
and that paper tiger you call an emperor.

     Melafi rolls his eyes.

          MELAFI:  Why waste your breath, Sifto?  Let's go.

     CU. MORGOS

     He takes out a device and presses a switch.

     HALL

     The doors swing shut, and an explosion of smoke comes
up around the edges, obscuring the door.  The blaster in the
scout's hand erupts into flame, and he drops it, cursing.

          SIFTO:  (amused)  You are persistent--the weakness
of your petty minds.

          DARION:  You talk a lot.  I wonder if you can
fight.

          MORGOS:  Why bother, Darion?  It's only a woman--

     Melafi puts a hand on Sifto's shoulder.

          MELAFI:  (softly)  Careful.

     CU. SIFTO

          SIFTO:  I should expect such tricks from you
Jurai-hired thugs.

     CU. MELAFI

          MELAFI:  You only insure your own deaths,
gentlemen.  You should surrender--everyone else has already
thrown down their arms.

     CU. DARION

          DARION:  Surrender is for a time of war.  We will
not deign to acknowledge your petty imagined grievances.

     CU. MORGOS

          MORGOS:  I will die the death of a man.  What kind
of death will you choose?

     HALL

     They approach, considering each other carefully, as the
scout goes to inspect the doors.

          SIFTO:  This is pointless.  If you beat us, you
will only fall to the thousands who stand behind us.

          MELAFI:  Well, if we cannot have your emperor,
then we should at least have some sport.  What do you say,
Sifto?  You think these two could last more than a minute
against your sword?

          SIFTO:  (considering)  They don't look like much.
Maybe if they both fought me together.  That younger one
isn't very tough-looking.

          MORGOS:  No one proposed a fight.  We cannot, in
honor, make the first move.

          DARION:  I'll make the first move.  Let me,
please.

     CU. SIFTO

          SIFTO:  I would enjoy a warm-up.  I doubt I would
have to score more than a hit or two on this one, though.
(amused)  I spit in your mother's water.  How does that for
your honor?

     HALL

     Morgos stands back, as Sifto and Darion stare each
other down.

          DARION:  What kind of insult is that?  I think
you're a joke.  A washed-up hacker and his shield-
girlfriend?  This is the best the mighty Kardanna has to
offer?  You're the ones who should surrender.  Our emperor
won't need our might in battle to beat such pitiful
children.

          SIFTO:  You have a big mouth--

     She takes out a wicked-looking sword, and Darion folds
his arms, as if amused.

          MELAFI:  Careful, Sifto.  These mercenaries are
tougher than they look.

     Sifto grins and casts a glance back at Melafi.

     CU. SIFTO

     She brandishes and strikes with very impressive speed.

     HALL (two-shot)

     Sifto and Darion circle each other with swords drawn.
Darion beats Sifto back with a couple of quick strokes.
Sifto goes, apparently, right through Darion's guard with a
blindingly fast finesse.  She kicks, and Darion goes flying.

          SIFTO:  His reach is good, but he's far too slow.

     CU. MELAFI

     Melafi rubs his chin, considering.

          MELAFI:  Yes, but his maneuvers are impressive.  I
thought he had you fooled for a moment.

     CU. SIFTO

          SIFTO:  I wouldn't flatter him like that.  I'd
prefer if he were a bit more of a challenge.

     CU. MORGOS

     He goes and helps Darion stand.

          MORGOS:  (softly)  She leads and favors her left.
Expose her high, then look for a quick weapon change.

     CU. DARION

     He considers, thoughtfully, and nods.

          DARION:  Yes, Morgos.  I saw her favoring.

     HALL

     The scout looks back briefly, and starts banging on the
door with his fist.  A few bangs echo back.

          MELAFI:  I think we'll soon have company.

          DARION:  Yes.  I'll have plenty of time to make
their acquaintance.  I can't speak for the two of you.

     CU. SIFTO

          SIFTO:  (annoyed)  Enough foreplay.  Time to make
my move!

     HALL

     Sifto charges toward Darion, as if to joust, then
swerves to her left, crouching down.

     CU. MORGOS

     He looks a little surprised.

     CU. SIFTO

     She flings out a dagger.

     CU. DARION

     He grasps at the dagger sticking from his chest, and falls forward.

     CU. MORGOS

     Shaking his head, sadly.

          MORGOS:  (softly)  I warned you.

     HALL

     Melafi looks down at the body of Darion, considerately,
as Sifto collects and cleans her dagger.

          MELAFI:  Well, he died like a soldier, if not a
man.

          SIFTO:  I told you he was slow.

          MELAFI:  Better luck in the next world, my friend.
You should choose your sides more carefully.

     CU. MORGOS

     He ponders, looking at Melafi carefully.

     CU. SIFTO

     She turns to Morgos, approaching him cautiously.

          SIFTO:  I suppose, by now, you know we mean
business.  We have no desire to fight you.  Only offer us
your loyalty.  We can be reasonable.

     CU. MORGOS

     He looks around, a little distracted.

          MORGOS:  Huh?  Oh, you were speaking to me?

     CU. SIFTO

          SIFTO:  Is there anyone else?

     CU. MORGOS

          MORGOS:  (musing)  I assumed you meant your friend
over there.  Treachery is very common among thieves, after
all.

     HALL

     Melafi seems about to say something, as Sifto
interrupts, scowling.

          SIFTO:  (dark and broody)  Don't say I never
offered you a truce.

          MORGOS:  Pacts made with pirates are soon broken.

          SIFTO:  (outraged)  I've never broken a pact in my
life!

     Melafi starts laughing, as the doors swing open again.
Dozens of figures in pirate uniforms enter the room, looking
on, curiously.

     CU. MORGOS

          MORGOS:  (casual)  Like all pirates, you make a
living out of breaking pacts, then you destroy the evidence
so you can delude yourselves.  A pact made with such a beast
is like putting a ring on a monkey's finger.  Soon, both the
vow and the ring are lost.

     CU. SIFTO

          SIFTO:  (grim)  You'll soon see what this monkey
can do--

     HALL (two-shot)

     Sifto is caught in a classic attack pose, with Morgos
holding back her sword with his own.  He slowly forces her
back and makes a bold slash.  The slash cuts right through
her sword and leaves a wide gash across her chest.  Sifto
looks down at herself, in shock, then falls.

     CU. MELAFI

     He looks at the form of Sifto, as if merely curious.

     CU. MORGOS

     He wipes his blade, and sheathes it again.

          MORGOS:  Strength always beats speed.

     CU. MELAFI

     He looks up in casual agreement.

          MELAFI:  Yes, but balanced forces always favor the
one with more friends.

     HALL

     The uniformed pirates slowly make a circle around the
two guards, softly muttering among themselves.

          MORGOS:  Hmm...  I've always had my doubts about
that.  I think a pure balance favors a blind chance.

          MELAFI:  What a unique opportunity.  Here we are--
two unequalled warriors, about to discover some dreadful
truth that philosophers and men of soft ways could only
dream.  Only one of us will ever know the truth.

          MORGOS:  Yes.  And that knowledge, I suspect, will
be very short-lived.  That is the true burden of proof.  A
man can only carry so much knowledge of truth in his heart
before it crushes him.

          MELAFI:  Well, what are we waiting for?  Let's
test ourselves and see.

     CU. MORGOS

     He slowly draws his sword.

     CU. MELAFI

     He slowly brandishes his sword, as if to test its
weight.

     HALL (two-shot)

     The two swordsmen approach and clash quickly--Melafi
quickly gaining the upper hand.  Melafi makes a few quick
thrusts, and Morgos falls.

     CU. MELAFI

     He looks down in a bit of disappointment, wipes his
sword, then ponders--looking around at his cheering
comrades.

          MELAFI:  (softly)  Hmm...  I think you were right,
my friend.  Fate favors the blind game of chance.

28   EXT. BARREN WASTELAND

     A single, robed figure strolls across desert dunes in
the middle of a barren wasteland.  Another figure appears
and follows.

          FIRST FIGURE:  (turning)  Who are you?

          SECOND FIGURE:  Who am I?  As if you didn't
know...

     CU. FIRST FIGURE

     She smiles for a moment, then frowns.

          FIRST FIGURE:  That devil-woman.  Yes, I was
expecting you.

     CU. SECOND FIGURE

          SECOND FIGURE:  Little Miss Perfect--

     CU. FIRST FIGURE

          FIRST FIGURE:  You may call me Tsunami or whatever
you wish.  I doubt it matters, now.

     WASTELAND

     The figures draw closer and stand, facing each other.

          SECOND FIGURE:  What's your problem?

          FIRST FIGURE:  Huh?

          SECOND FIGURE:  Well, I could hardly help noticing
that you destroyed the universe.

     CU. FIRST FIGURE

          FIRST FIGURE:  Destroyed the universe?  How is
that possible?

     CU. SECOND FIGURE

          SECOND FIGURE:  Enlarging the higher dimensions
eventually has a drastic effect on the lower ones--I'm
surprised you didn't know that.

     WASTELAND

     A third figure suddenly appears.

          THIRD FIGURE:  Tsunami was never as clever as she
seemed, though.  I've always been a little disappointed--
although I've never been able to beat her.

          FIRST FIGURE:  (a little disconcerted)  Ryoko?
Wait a minute...  What's going on here?

          SECOND FIGURE:  Hmm...  She must be me.  I'm not
sure, though.

          THIRD FIGURE:  Well, I don't remember you.  So, I
must be you.  If you're me, then I must have failed.

          SECOND FIGURE:  Let's not jump to conclusions.  I
might only want to make sure I succeed.  I'm a bit of a
perfectionist, you know.

          FIRST FIGURE:  No.  I don't believe this.  I know
you can duplicate yourself, Ryoko.  You can't trick me.

     CU. SECOND FIGURE

          SECOND FIGURE:  Now, why would I want to trick
you?

     CU. THIRD FIGURE

          THIRD FIGURE:  I'd have to be pretty stupid to try
some little trick.

     WASTELAND

     The second figure ponders as the third figure snaps her
fingers.  A moment later, a fourth figure appears.

          SECOND FIGURE:  Interesting...

          FIRST FIGURE:  What did you do?

     CU. THIRD FIGURE

     Standing very smug and proud.

          THIRD FIGURE:  Well, just look...

     CU. FOURTH FIGURE

          FOURTH FIGURE:  How very odd.  How did you manage
to divide me in two?

     CU. FIRST FIGURE

     She studies the fourth figure carefully.

          FIRST FIGURE:  Hey!  She's not me!  She can't be!
Can she?

     CU. SECOND FIGURE

          SECOND FIGURE:  Oh!  I see.  You've created a
double-paradox.  It always bifurcates the deciding
consciousness between two realities.

     CU. THIRD FIGURE

          THIRD FIGURE:  Yes, and what's ingenius about it
is that this dimension accommodates every possible reality
at once.  Thus, you see both at once!

     CU. FOURTH FIGURE

          FOURTH FIGURE:  Wow!  This is amazing!

     WASTELAND

     The first figure approaches the fourth figure,
considering carefully.

          FIRST FIGURE:  Very clever, but it won't work.

          THIRD FIGURE:  Huh?

          SECOND FIGURE:  Yeah.  I'm afraid you neglected
one little detail.  You see, Tsunami can just assimilate
herself back--and she's had a lot of time to perfect her
technique.

     The first figure takes the hand of the fourth figure
and begins to glow, all around.

     CU. THIRD FIGURE

          THIRD FIGURE:  Wait a minute!  Won't that have
dire consequences for me?

     CU. SECOND FIGURE

     Pondering for a moment.

          SECOND FIGURE:  Hmm...  Yeah, now that I think
about it--since you created this paradox--her assimilation
with herself will cause an equal and opposite division of
your realities--

     CU. THIRD FIGURE

          THIRD FIGURE:  Making two of me?

     CU. SECOND FIGURE

          SECOND FIGURE:  No.  Actually, it will create an
infinite number of you--because you will essentially become
a paradox within a paradox.  Of course, that will cause all
of us and this whole universe to collapse into one giant
black hole--

     WASTELAND

     The wasteland suddenly fills with an infinite number of
Ryokos.

29   INT. TENCHI'S BEDROOM

     Sasami sits up in bed, gasping, and looks down at
Tenchi, trembling in fear.  She slowly calms and lies down
again.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi, are you awake?

          TENCHI:  Uh, huh...

          SASAMI:  I've been having the most bizarre
nightmares lately.  I wish I knew why.

     CU. TENCHI

     He sits up, thoughtful.

          TENCHI:  Sasami, dreams are totally meaningless.
You know that.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Yeah, but I dreamed that Tokimi would
take you away, and she did.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (a little annoyed)  You're just
overreacting, Sasami.  I know Tsunami can see the future.
It doesn't necessarily mean anything.

     BEDROOM

     Sasami turns to Tenchi, intent with fear.

          SASAMI:  But these dreams are a lot clearer.  It's
weird, but I feel like they're visions of things that are
real--like you and I talking right now.  You know?

          TENCHI:  I know.  The mind just plays tricks on
you sometimes.  Tokimi was never any threat to you or me.

          SASAMI:  But, what would have happened, had I
stayed on Earth?

     CU. TENCHI

     Scowling with thought.

          TENCHI:  I don't think it matters, Sasami.  What's
done is done.

     CU. SASAMI

     She sighs, laying back again.

          SASAMI:  You're probably right, Tenchi.  I do tend
to overreact, sometimes.

     BEDROOM

     Tenchi continues to sit up, thoughtful.  He gets up and
scratches his head, thinking.

30   EXT. MASAKI SHRINE

     The shrine is shrouded in evening darkness.

31   INT. SHRINE

     Yosho is sitting across from Funaho, undisguised and
pouring some tea.

          YOSHO:  Ayeka seemed very upset.

          FUNAHO:  Yes, after I insisted that she command
the maneuver.  She had her heart set on tactics in the raid
mission.  Sometimes, Yosho, you just have to insist your
will over hers.  She gets a little too headstrong for her
own good.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  (smiling)  Wasn't the feint her idea?

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  It was--and it helped that I reminded
her, but you know how Ayeka is.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  (rolling his eyes)  So, who's going?

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  Well, Ryoko, of course.  She seemed like
a good candidate, and most willing--I would also prefer if
we could keep an eye on her, for the time being.  No telling
what might happen, otherwise.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  Ryoko will make sure the job gets done.

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  (frowning)  I know.  And it worries me,
because I'm also sending Tenchi and Sasami.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  (strained)  You're sending Sasami?  And
Tenchi?

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  Why not?  Tenchi has been trained for
combat and self-defense.  I understand he even teaches a
course over at a well-known school on Leo.  As for Sasami,
who could be a better tactician than Tsunami--whose
desperado maneuver against Kagato was a thing of beauty.  It
makes perfect sense.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  (softly)  We're risking an awful lot.

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  I know.  But if it's a trap--it was laid
with Ayeka in mind.  You must know that.  The only other
person I could use for tactics is Ayeka.  I dare not put
Washu in her position.  She's far too valuable.

     CU. YOSHO

     He scratches his head, thinking.

32   INT. MAIN HALL

     Tenchi enters, carrying some coffee toward the table.
Ryoko is sitting at the table, drinking tea.

          TENCHI:  (looking up)  Oh!  I didn't know you were
here.

          RYOKO:  (grimly amused)  Where else would I be?

     CU. TENCHI

     Scratching his head, nervously.

          TENCHI:  Boy, this is awkward, huh?

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (scowling)  It's okay, Tenchi.  I can just
leave, if you want.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  No, no.  It's fine, really.

     He goes to sit at the table.

          TENCHI:  I just never expected to see you here
again.  It's a little strange.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Yeah, well...  Ayeka and Yosho both
insisted.  You can blame them.  I'm not sure, but I think
Yosho still has a grudge against me.

     HALL (table)

     Tenchi takes a sip of his coffee, and cautiously
considers Ryoko.

          TENCHI:  Actually, Ryoko--I keep thinking about
that experiment Little Washu performed on you.

          RYOKO:  Which one?

          TENCHI:  You know, that last one before she got
really burned out and went on vacation.  The one where you
were--

          RYOKO:  A little beside myself?  (sighing)  Don't
remind me, please...

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (musing)  Well, if it's not too awkward,
I was wondering if you could help me understand something.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (grimly curious)  Sure.  Anything.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  You know about time travel and paradoxes,
right?

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Right...

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Is it possible for a paradox to make you
two separate people at the same time?

     CU. RYOKO

     Her eyes widen in shock.

          RYOKO:  Uh, yeah...  I think so.  It's a classic
paradox-within-a-paradox.  It's not very scientific, though.
It's just the kind of thing Washu would scoff at.

     HALL

     Tenchi sighs, as he takes another sip of coffee.

          TENCHI:  Yeah.  That's what I thought.  People who
develop split personalities don't exhibit them
simultaneously.

     Ryoko punches herself, and scowls in thought.

          RYOKO:  How do you know that?

          TENCHI:  (nervously)  Well, because Sasami is
essentially a split personality--being assimilated with
Tsunami--and she never exhibits both at the same time.  I've
gotten pretty good about noticing the difference.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Oh, yeah.  You were always good at reading
minds.  Why am I just now hearing this?  You realize what
this means?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (embarrassed)  Yeah.  I think I made a
big mistake.

     HALL

     Ryoko briefly looks enraged, then frowns in thought.

          RYOKO:  That old man...  He knew.  He could have
just told me any time he wanted to.  Son of a bitch!

          TENCHI:  That alchemist?

          RYOKO:  Yeah.  I'm going to rip his head off, if I
ever see him again.

          TENCHI:  I don't think he knew...  Well, unless he
was misleading me, too.  Wait a minute...

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  He lied to you too?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  He didn't exactly lie, now that I think
about it.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  He must have realized you would figure it
out, so he deliberately misled you to keep you from telling
me.  He didn't want you screwing up his deal with little
Miss Perfect.

     HALL

     Tenchi ponders for a moment, thinking.

          TENCHI:  Ryoko, I think all that is beside the
point.

          RYOKO:  Huh?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  If you didn't develop a split
personality, then it must mean that you are going to create
a paradox.  Somewhere along the line, the future is going to
change in some drastic way.  Remember that vision you said
you had?

     CU. RYOKO

     Calm again, she looks at her tea.

          RYOKO:  Oh, right.  Heaven only knows why, but I'm
going to change the future to save your life.  I haven't
figured that one out.

     HALL

     Tenchi looks amused, as Ryoko drinks some tea.

          RYOKO:  What?

          TENCHI:  When did you start drinking tea?

          RYOKO:  (annoyed)  I've been stone-cold sober for
years, Tenchi.  I'm not surprised you never noticed.  I
never could compete with that pretty little princess.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  I thought you two were friends.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Yeah--that's what makes me hate her so
much.  Pretty little bitch.

33   EXT. TENCHI'S HOUSE

     The red orb beats down in a bleak winter-like night
sky.  Shrubs dot the landscape of surrounding hills--like a
scene from southern California.  Lots of desert-like
features fill in spaces between houses on the sides of hills
here and there.  A few little dirt roads cross through low
spaces like little brown rivers.

     A simple one-floor built around a rectangle with an
entrance leading straight into a main hall.  Facing the
entrance, the first room on the right is a combined kitchen
with dining room, suitable for four--or six in traditional
positions.  The first room on the left is a study--with a
small bookcase, painter's easel, a chessboard on a table
with two small chairs, and a small sofa.  The sofa has a
small pillow and is draped with sheets--as if recently used
for sleeping.

     The second room on the right is divided into a standard
bathroom and toilet/washroom--little space for tile.
Connecting to a third room on the right is a bedroom--with
one double bed, and enough room left for a small cot.  The
second room on the left is a small, unused bedroom.  The
third room on the left is a utility room with a small
solarium.  The solarium has a large pool in the center, and
is surrounded by a variety of vegetable plants--peppers,
mushrooms, beans, squash, eggplants, and carrots.

     The windows are short and fat--and somewhat arched.
Adobe-style shingled rooftop provides some treatment and
shelter for the windows.  On the inside of the windows are
hanging drapes--untied and mostly left open.  The front and
back doors are edged with small porches and posted lamps.  A
short, wooden walkway extends the front porch.  The entrance
is tiled with checkerboard light and dark gray tile, and
most of the rest of the floor is covered with light, khaki
carpeting.  The walls are blue and white, except for the
main hall--which is in maroon and gray.  The solarium has a
nice green tile with tiled walls.

     Between the doors in the main hall are shelves, small
tables, and a few small sofas.  At the middle of the
entrance-side of the hall is a small statue of Callisto--
nymph from the waist-up, and she-bear from the waist-down.
She is looking around, as if in shock, apparently allowing a
bottle of water to spill into a small pool.  The water, of
course, flows continuously.

34   INT. STUDY

     Kimiko is sitting at the chessboard, apparently playing
chess with herself.

     A bright light briefly fills the windows, and a loud
thud goes through the ground.  Kimiko looks around, casually
curious.

35   EXT. TENCHI'S HOUSE

     Kimiko emerges from the entrance, walking toward a
small spaceship.  A hatch opens, and Washu steps out,
carrying Ryo-Ohki.  As Kimiko stands, staring at the
cruiser, Washu casually strolls next to Kimiko and looks up
at her.

          WASHU:  You need to wait on Earth.  After they
reverse on Alpha, they'll be forced to rendezvous here.
(softly)  I have a hunch about this rendezvous.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (musing)  It's weird, but I could swear
I've seen this house before.  Deja vu, huh?

     CU. KIMIKO

     She shudders and grimaces.

          KIMIKO:  I know.  I've been getting that feeling a
lot, lately.  (blunt)  So, the old man's still afraid of me?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Can you blame him?

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  He should fear me.  (grim)  If I had my
way, he'd be sharing a toast with Kagato.  (softly)  To be
perfectly honest, Washu, he still gives me the creeps.  I
don't know why you're willing to deal with him.  He must
have made one heck of a deal with Sasami to shut her up like
that.

     WALKWAY

     Washu starts toward the house, giving a little wave.

          WASHU:  Send my best, Kimiko--and remember to tell
them to meet up here.  I'll be ready, when Mr. Know-It-All
comes along again.

     Kimiko looks back briefly and nods.  She walks up to
the spaceship, as if dreading to leave.

36   INT. STUDY

     Washu enters as the ground trembles a bit and a bright
flare of light briefly fills the room.  She goes to the
chessboard, considering the positions.  The alchemist enters
and considers over her shoulder.

          ALCHEMIST:  You up for a game?  It'll be a while
before they return.

     CU. WASHU

     She turns around in some shock.

          WASHU:  Aren't you a little early?  Ryoko isn't
dead already, is she?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  Whoever said Ryoko was going to die?

     STUDY

     Washu glares at him, pointing a finger.

          WASHU:  I believe it was you.  Don't tell me
you've got me all worked-up for nothing.

          ALCHEMIST:  Well...  I have to admit I have my
doubts, but there's really no disputing it.  (musing)  Then
again, Ryoko was bound to kill herself one way or another.
I just wonder if she's discovered the truth, yet.

          WASHU:  (annoyed)  What truth?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  (casual)  You remember her little
disagreement with herself?  It was all just a
misunderstanding, of course.  I could have told her, but she
never would have believed me--and if she had, it would have
been even more tragic.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  For you--

     CU. ALCHEMIST

     Rolling his eyes.

          ALCHEMIST:  Haven't you realized it, Washu?  Ryoko
expects far too much from that poor boy.  He's only a
Earthling, you know.

     STUDY

     Washu considers carefully, as she slowly realizes.

          WASHU:  Huh?  You're kidding, right?

          ALCHEMIST:  No.

          WASHU:  (sitting)  I must not be much of a mother,
not to sense that.

          ALCHEMIST:  On the contrary, Washu, you're a
genius.  Your problem is that you're too good a mother.
That's why I needed you out of the way.

     CU. WASHU

     Looking up, blankly.

          WASHU:  You sabotaged my time machine?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  (matter-of-factly)  You seemed to
think I did you a favor until you learned about Sasami.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (embarrassed)  Is there anything you don't
know about me?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

     Sitting down across from Washu.

          ALCHEMIST:  How's your chess?  You like to play
opened or closed-style?

     STUDY

     Washu starts to arrange the pieces.

          WASHU:  You'll find out on my first move,
Rumpelstiltskin--if that is your real name.

          ALCHEMIST:  (a little taken aback)  So, she told
you about that?

          WASHU:  Mihoshi can't keep a secret.  I'm
surprised you don't know that.

          ALCHEMIST:  (sighing)  I didn't bother to study
her, actually.  I might have admitted a little more than I
meant to.

     Washu smiles, as she looks up from the chessboard.

37   EXT. BARREN WASTELAND

     A single, robed figure strolls across desert dunes in
the middle of a barren wasteland.  Another figure appears
and follows.

          FIRST FIGURE:  (turning)  Who are you?

          SECOND FIGURE:  Oh, nobody important.

     CU. FIRST FIGURE

     She smiles for a moment, then frowns.

          FIRST FIGURE:  Ryoko--

     CU. SECOND FIGURE

          SECOND FIGURE:  That's my name.  What's yours?

     CU. FIRST FIGURE

          FIRST FIGURE:  I have many names, but they mean
nothing to me, anymore.

     WASTELAND

     The figures draw closer and stand, facing each other.

          SECOND FIGURE:  Are you ready?

          FIRST FIGURE:  For what?

          SECOND FIGURE:  To fight me, of course.  We're not
just going to stand here talking.  I've got to make you pay.

     CU. FIRST FIGURE

          FIRST FIGURE:  Make me pay?  For what?

     CU. SECOND FIGURE

          SECOND FIGURE:  For killing my Tenchi, that's what
for.

     WASTELAND

     The two figures briefly hesitate, as they consider each
other.

          FIRST FIGURE:  You blame me?  You were there.
Don't you remember?

          SECOND FIGURE:  You think I blame Ayeka?

          FIRST FIGURE:  Why not?  You both are more to
blame than me.

          SECOND FIGURE:  Oh, forget this.  I'm putting an
end to you, right now!

     CU. SECOND FIGURE

     She throws a devastating punch, knocking the first
figure into next week.

     WASTELAND

     The first figure goes tumbling, laughing as she goes.

          FIRST FIGURE:  C'mon, Ryoko.  You can do better
than that!  Hit me harder!

     The second figure runs up and seems about to deliver a
kick, as she looks down.

     CU. SECOND FIGURE

     She scowls, backing away in confusion.

     CU. FIRST FIGURE

          FIRST FIGURE:  (amused)  What's the matter,
Ryoko?  Have you grown weary of defending your Tenchi?  Is
Tenchi too much man for you, now?

     CU. SECOND FIGURE

          SECOND FIGURE:  Why aren't you fighting back?  If
you keep your defenses lowered, I could just crush you like
an ant.

     WASTELAND

     The first figure sits up, chuckling.

          FIRST FIGURE:  So, why don't you?

     The second figure seems about to act, then stops.

          SECOND FIGURE:  No.  This isn't right.  I can't
kill you, but I can do the next best thing.  I can defeat
you.  Then, you can learn to live with what you've become.

     The second figure makes some curious gestures, and the
first figure begins to shrink.

          FIRST FIGURE:  What are you doing, Ryoko?

          SECOND FIGURE:  Making you more portable--easier
to manage.  Once you're the size of a photon, then I think
my work is done.

     The first figure makes a quick, silent chant and
immediately returns to normal size, smiling.

          FIRST FIGURE:  I won't make it that easy.  You
should know better, Ryoko.  I'm not just Tsunami and Sasami,
anymore.

     CU. SECOND FIGURE

     Frowning, repeating the gestures.

          SECOND FIGURE:  What's going on?  Why aren't you
shrinking?

     CU. FIRST FIGURE

     She giggles, as a few more moments pass.

     CU. SECOND FIGURE

     She suddenly stops, a little horrified.

          SECOND FIGURE:  You didn't stop shrinking.  You've
just enlarged the higher dimensions--making this dimension
shrink, to compensate...

     CU. FIRST FIGURE

          FIRST FIGURE:  (amused)  We're going down
together, Ryoko.  (laughing)  I always knew you'd fall for
me.  Tenchi was just as easy.

     CU. SECOND FIGURE

     Grimacing in shock, gesturing again, as if to ward off
a fly.

38   INT. TENCHI'S BEDROOM

     Sasami sits up in bed, grimly looking around, holding
her head in her hands.

          SASAMI:  What is going on?  Was Ryoko's vision of
something real?  It all seemed so real, but they can't all
be real.

     Tenchi sits up, a little worried.

          TENCHI:  Sasami, did you have another bad dream?

     Sasami hugs Tenchi, shaking with fear.

          SASAMI:  I'm not a bad person, am I Tenchi?  I
would never turn evil, would I?

          TENCHI:  What the hell?  No, of course not.
Whatever happens, you're the most wonderful person I've ever
known.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (softly)  In the dreams, I'm burning with
anger.  I'm like a fire--I'm out of control.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (gently)  Then the dreams aren't real.
Trust me.  Anger doesn't control you, you control it.  Even
if something happened that made you angry, all you need to
do is calm down for a few moments, and it goes away.  You
taught me that, remember?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  I know.  I just wonder if I really
believe it.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  It's all in your mind--the nightmares,
the feelings.  Just let it go.

39   INT. STUDY

     Washu is studying the board, frowning in thought.

          WASHU:  It's your move.

     The alchemist rubs his chin.

          ALCHEMIST:  Damn modern games.  Too complicated--
tactics within tactics.  Who can keep track of it all?

          WASHU:  Oh, stop whining.  It's just move number
thirty-seven.  You can't reasonably call a stalemate before
move number forty.

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  I know that.  It's completely
arbitrary, though.  I'm just about to get checkmated six or
seven moves from now, if I read this right.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Are you referring to that red herring
knight there or that sitting duck I've got pinned at F-6?

     STUDY

     The alchemist slumps, defeated.

          ALCHEMIST:  I resign.  It's the only honorable
thing to do.

          WASHU:  But I haven't beaten you yet.

          ALCHEMIST:  I prefer to resign.  It's more
dignified.

          WASHU:  (grinning)  You're just a sore loser.
Admit it.

40   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     The morning is just turning twilight purple as a small
cruiser lands.

41   EXT. LAUNCH FIELD

     The small cruiser stands in a clearing.  Sasami and
Tenchi are standing near the hatch, as Kimiko holds Michiko.
Tenchi is making note of certain items, going through a
mental checklist.

          SASAMI:  Maybe she isn't coming...

          KIMIKO:  Oh, I wouldn't worry.  She'll be along.
I just can't imagine the three of you working a raid like
this.  It seems like such a strange combination.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Just make sure you look after little
Michiko.  We'll be back soon.

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  Oh, yeah.  That reminds me.  Washu said
to rendezvous on Leo.

     FIELD

     Tenchi approaches, wearing a curious fedora.

          TENCHI:  We know.  Ayeka briefed us on the plan
before she left with Washu.

          KIMIKO:  Uh--  Tenchi, lose the hat.  It's giving
me the creeps.

     CU. TENCHI

     Taking off the hat, and looking at it.

          TENCHI:  Really?  I wore it all the time at
classes.

     He tosses it aside.

     FIELD

     Ryoko suddenly appears, holding a small book in one
hand.

          RYOKO:  Found it.  Mihoshi had it hidden under a
bunch of her junk.  I don't know how she kept getting into
my books.

          SASAMI:  What's that for?

          RYOKO:  Meditation guides.  They help you clear
your mind before tense situations.  I'm going to get back in
practice before we go in.  It never hurts to be well
prepared, you know.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  We won't be going into a tense situation.
The whole point of the feint is to make sure we aren't
pursued.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Once we get into space.  Yeah, but we
might have a situation before we get that far.  The pirates
still have their watchdogs on Leo.  Plus, the whole thing
smells like a trap.  If we spring it, we'll likely have
militia on us.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Okay.  Anything goes wrong--we ditch the
artifacts.  It's not like we don't have other options.

     FIELD

     Kimiko lets out a short sigh as Sasami exchanges a look
with her.  Sasami waves, as she and Tenchi climb into the
cruiser after Ryoko.  Kimiko looks down at Michiko and
smiles, walking toward a short path.

     Yosho approaches from the path, looking up as the
cruiser climbs into the sky.  Kimiko fishes in a pocket and
takes out a strange, wooden device.

          KIMIKO:  I found another one.

          YOSHO:  Another probe?  I thought I found the last
one right before the siege at Alpha.

     Yosho takes the device, and studies it for a moment.

          YOSHO:  Juraian--like the others.

          KIMIKO:  You think we should warn them?

     CU. YOSHO

     He considers, thoughtfully.

          YOSHO:  It wouldn't change anything.  They would
just proceed, anyway.  If we tell them later, it'll be one
less thing for them to worry about.  Kardanna will probably
have most of the old guard executed by now, anyway.

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  You told Sasami what our options are?

     FIELD

     Yosho frowns, looking around.

          YOSHO:  She knows.  She still thinks this mission
is secondary, but Ryoko has enough experience to recognize a
primary when she sees it.

          KIMIKO:  Sasami is blinded by her involvement with
Lania, isn't she?

          YOSHO:  I hope not.  If she is, then we're all
dead.

          KIMIKO:  (amused)  Yosho, you're so theatrical.
Take it easy.  Wherever she stands, I'm sure we can trust
her.  You need to stop looking at her like a jilted lover.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  (a little embarrassed)  Oh, it's that
obvious?

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  As plain as that silly disguise you're
wearing.

42   INT. STUDY

     Washu is typing at a console, as the alchemist enters
and folds his arms.  He rolls his eyes, a little
disapprovingly.

          WASHU:  What?

          ALCHEMIST:  Nothing.  It's time to go.

          WASHU:  Where?

          ALCHEMIST:  We're going to watch a bank robbery,
of course.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (confused)  Wasn't this mission a raid on
a museum?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  We can't help with that mission.  I
have another one in mind.

     CU. WASHU

     She looks back at her console, frowning.

          WASHU:  A bank robbery?  What good will that do
us?

     STUDY

     The alchemist taps his foot, a little impatient.

          ALCHEMIST:  We're wasting time.  Are you coming,
or not?

     Washu looks up from her console again, sighing.

          WASHU:  Oh, all right.  This had better be worth
it.  I was working on a really nifty paradox.

          ALCHEMIST:  Your science includes temporal
anomalies?

          WASHU:  Of course.  They're just fluctuations in
the field structures of space-time.  They have a very
special curve.

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  (softly)  Space-time!  Really!  You
have some imagination, Washu.

43   INT. CRUISER

     Ryoko is piloting, as Sasami navigates.  Tenchi looks
over some gear, pondering absently to himself.

          RYOKO:  (a little nervous)  Did Tenchi tell you
his theory?

          SASAMI:  Theory?  About what?

     Tenchi looks up, a little alarmed.

          RYOKO:  He thinks my split personality was really
just a temporal paradox.

     CU. SASAMI

     She carefully stares ahead.

          SASAMI:  Really?  How did he reach that
conclusion?

     CU. RYOKO

     Considering Sasami carefully.  She frowns and narrows
her eyes a little.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Uh--

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (grim)  You knew.  I don't believe this.
All this time, and you never once thought to mention it to
me.  I thought you were my friend, Sasami.

     CU. SASAMI

     Scowling, a little remorseful.

          SASAMI:  Look, Ryoko.  I didn't know for sure.  I
was just as much in the dark as you.

     CRUISER

          TENCHI:  Ryoko?

          RYOKO:  (softly)  It's okay, Tenchi.  It's just me
and Sasami talking right now.  (bitter)  I understand,
Sasami.  You just needed me to provide Ayeka with a little
distraction.  Yosho told me all about your little mind
games.  I'm just a plaything to you, huh?

          SASAMI:  (shocked)  It wasn't like that, Ryoko.
Yosho just has a habit of imagining wicked intentions where
he merely sees the wind blowing.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (casual)  So, when you helped Tenchi hack
my hand off--that was just good intentions?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (firm)  I had nothing to do with that.
Yosho was controlling the sword, when Tenchi fought with
you.

     CU. TENCHI

     Blankly confused, a little disgusted.

          TENCHI:  Uh, hey--  What is this?

     CRUISER

          RYOKO:  (sweetly)  Tenchi, please--

          SASAMI:  (calm)  What?

          TENCHI:  Uh...  Sasami, you knew what happened to
Ryoko the whole time?  About the paradox, I mean.

          SASAMI:  (pondering for a moment)  What does it
matter now?  It's pointless to argue about it.

          TENCHI:  But, Sasami--you knew how I felt, then.
Didn't you?  You didn't trust me?

     CU. SASAMI

     Wide-eyed in shock.

          SASAMI:  It's not that I didn't trust you, Tenchi.
I just didn't feel comfortable.  It's not the kind of thing
you just blurt out in conversation.  'Oh, by the way.  I
think what Ryoko actually experienced... etc.'

     CU. TENCHI

     Grimacing, fighting a strong feeling of disgust.

     CU. RYOKO

     She looks around for a moment, then starts laughing.

          RYOKO:  This is a great pep-talk.  How about we
start trading insults, too?  Why in the world did Funaho
pick the three of us?

     CRUISER

     The three seem speechless for a moment.

          SASAMI:  Okay, I admit I wasn't happy about what
happened between you and Tenchi, Ryoko.  I deliberately
misled you several times, too.  I feel awful about it now,
but there's nothing I can do.  What's done is done.

          RYOKO:  (softly)  Okay.  (looking around)  Hey,
Tenchi.  You hearing all this?

          TENCHI:  (firmly disgusted)  Yeah.

          RYOKO:  Boy, aren't you proud, now?

     CU. TENCHI

     He smiles, a little disdainfully.

          TENCHI:  Actually, Ryoko, I've never been more
proud of Sasami than at this moment.

     CU. SASAMI

     Sighing, somewhat mortified.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (very grim)  That's so sweet.  I just love
these little chats.  Next time, just give me a good slap--I
think it would be less upsetting.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (gently)  Don't take it so hard, Ryoko.
You baited him into admitting that, you know.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (musing)  So, I did.  How about that?

44   EXT. SPACE

     A small cruiser goes shooting by.

45   INT. CRUISER

     Ayeka is piloting, as Mihoshi is flipping through some
comics.

          AYEKA:  There it is--Alpha.

          MIHOSHI:  (looking up)  Huh?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (annoyed)  Why do I bother?  (firm)
Mihoshi, did you ever study war strategy?

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Uh--  I just mostly had survival
training.  Extreme conditions, rescue operations, emergency
situations--that kind of thing.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (softly)  I thought so.  (explaining)  The
first thing you do in staging a feint is find the enemy's
hidden resources, and lure them away.  Then you sneak in and
make use of those resources to your own advantage.  Catch
them with a long supply-line, and you could even turn the
enemy forces inside-out.

     CRUISER

          MIHOSHI:  Oh.  So, why are we here?

          AYEKA:  Because this is the staging area of the
Pirate Guild's invasion.  The alliance turned because Alpha
could not be protected by Jurai--because certain people have
a habit of underestimating their enemies.

          MIHOSHI:  Wow.  They must have committed a lot to
its invasion.

          AYEKA:  Not really.  I suspect they mostly just
sent in some warships to harrass the leadership.  That's
usually enough to secure an invasion.  (suddenly thoughtful)
Of course, there would always be counter-movements and
betrayals, and the required payment of bribes.  Then there
are those allied forces who discover your need for haste and
decide to cut themselves in--making bold claims of defending
your cause, etc.  Hmm...

          MIHOSHI:  (amused)  You don't just knock on the
enemy door and say, 'Hello.  Could I come in and conquer
you?  Just for a little while, till we rip the galaxy apart.
Thanks!'

     CU. AYEKA

     Scowling with thought.

          AYEKA:  Yes, I see your point.  Naturally, they
will be defending this area most diligently.  We should
exercise extreme caution.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  You know, as long as we're luring their
defenses away, why don't we just invade?

     CRUISER

     Ayeka turns, a little nonplussed.

          AYEKA:  With what?  You mean, just the two of us?

          MIHOSHI:  (casual)  Why not?  If it's so easy to
capture their resources, why would we want to reverse,
anyway?

          AYEKA:  The enemy is brash, Mihoshi.  They aren't
stupid.  They won't just let us march in there and keep
everything.

          MIHOSHI:  Aren't they invading Jurai?

          AYEKA:  Yeah.

          MIHOSHI:  How far away is that?

          AYEKA:  Seven jumps.

          MIHOSHI:  That's a pretty long supply line, huh?

     CU. AYEKA

     Wide-eyed with surprise.

          AYEKA:  (softly)  Oh my god, it's brilliant.  With
Kardanna on Jurai, the alliance turning their backs on the
police, and the Academy facing destruction, no one would
ever suspect a direct assault on Alpha.  They'll only leave
behind a token fleet of a few warships--which we could
easily lure away.  We could have our own little raid on
their palace.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  We just need to find their buried
treasure.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Huh?

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Well, pirates always leave behind buried
treasure.  Don't you read, Ayeka?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Oh, girl's comics--  (snorting)  I don't
read things like that...

46   INT. BANK VAULT

     A door opens, and the alchemist emerges.  Washu follows
shortly, looking around.

          WASHU:  Well, this is an interesting place to
watch a bank robbery.

          ALCHEMIST:  We're not going to watch from here.  I
just wanted to demonstrate something, first.  Later, we'll
want to return for a brief withdrawl of our own.

          WASHU:  (amused)  I just knew you were the type
for larceny--

          ALCHEMIST:  I'll pretend I didn't hear that.

     The alchemist holds up a bright torch and looks around
at huge piles of gold coins.  Washu boggles in amazement.

          WASHU:  Look at all that!  A scientist's dream.
Think of all the wiring I could lay with that!

          ALCHEMIST:  Wiring?  (taking a moment)  I thought
you wanted to be the top genius butterfly-collector in the
universe.

     CU. WASHU

     Rolling her eyes.

          WASHU:  (contralto)  I was speaking facetiously.
Can't you tell?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  Really?  Oh, that's too bad.  I rather
admire butterfly-collectors.

47   EXT. LEO-THREE

     A huge red planet looms over the relatively small,
populated moon.

48   EXT. SPACE STATION

     A line of cruisers is approaching the station, as a
small flight of battleships guard the station.  The
battleships suddenly turn and head toward the hyperspace
gate.

49   INT. COMMAND CENTER

     A commander is looking at his tactical display as a
beeping emanates from a small console nearby.  He turns and
looks at the console.

          COMMANDER:  (softly)  Invasion on Alpha?  What the
hell?

50   EXT. A LARGE CITY

     Airships fill the skies of a city at night.  Tall
buildings fill the horizon with a soft glow in the distance.

51   EXT. A SMALL SIDE STREET

     Tenchi and Sasami are looking at a small console,
briefly curious and strangely silent.  Ryoko considers them,
and then smiles.

          RYOKO:  Hey, let's lighten up, huh?  We're back
together again.  We're like family, don't you think?

     Tenchi looks down, a little forlorn, as Sasami ponders
somewhat vacantly.

          SASAMI:  (softly)  I'm not really sure.  Tenchi?

     CU. TENCHI

     Looking up, strangely melancholy.

          TENCHI:  I don't know, either.  I mean, I have a
bad feeling about all this.

     CU. RYOKO

     Still smiling, strangely cheerful.

          RYOKO:  Well, you gloomy killjoys can just sulk
all you like.  I'm going to enjoy this.  I haven't had a
good raid in centuries.

     STREET

     Sasami glances at Tenchi, a little alarmed, as Tenchi
frowns.  The console briefly flickers some information on
the display.

          TENCHI:  The feint is on.

          RYOKO:  That's our cue.  Let's go.

52   EXT. OBSCURE HILLSIDE

     Washu and the alchemist are hauling a couple sacks of
straw through a door.  The door closes and flickers out.

          WASHU:  Gold into straw?  I thought you alchemists
liked going the other way around.

          ALCHEMIST:  Nah.  No challenge in that.  Now, gold
into straw--that's the real challenge.  Gold is just a pure
element, but straw is very fickle--very tricky to get just
right.

     CU. WASHU

     Setting down the sack.

          WASHU:  We're just going to return this, right?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  Huh?  Oh, right.  We thwart the
pirates in both ways.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Both?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  Pirates like to keep souvenirs, you
know?

     HILLSIDE

     Washu ponders for a moment, confused.

          WASHU:  I'm still trying to figure out how you got
this doorway into that bank vault.

          ALCHEMIST:  It was a difficult job.  I had to
arrange a deal with twenty different people.  They all
wanted something special.

          WASHU:  (a little amused)  When you work at a
bank, you might tend to get a little greedy, yourself--with
all that money going by all the time.

          ALCHEMIST:  It wasn't so much that making the
deals was hard--but I had to convince each one that everyone
else was completely in the dark.  Mutual mistrust is one of
my specialties, but after a while even that gets to be a
real headache.

     CU. WASHU

     She looks a little alarmed.

          WASHU:  They're moving.  They seem to be in a
hurry.  I can't really tell, though, thanks to your stupid
blocks.

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  (wistfully)  Well, it doesn't always
help.  Sometimes, it's just better not to know.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (a little upset)  You mean it's going down
now?  We're just standing here--

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  That's right.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  I can't do this.  I've got to help.  I
don't care about any stupid deals.

     HILLSIDE

     The alchemist sighs, as Washu vanishes.

          ALCHEMIST:  Here we go, again.

53   INT. PALACE HALLWAY

     Ayeka and Mihoshi are running down the hallway about
ten feet in front of a small, pursuing line of troops.  They
run, head-on into a small band of ragged mercenaries.

          MIHOSHI:  Whoa!  Who're they?

          AYEKA:  You with us?

     The lead mercenary smirks, a little indignant as he
begins firing a blaster.  Mihoshi and Ayeka cringe as
several troopers fall behind them.

          LEAD MERCENARY:  That answer your question?  Let's
go.  They'll regroup soon.

54   INT. BANK VAULT

     Lania enters, escorted by a couple of uniformed
figures.  (Lania is a fairly short girl with dark curly hair
and a very calm, shrewd disposition.)

     The vault is empty.

          LANIA:  (a little upset)  Where is all the gold?

          FIRST FIGURE:  We've been double-crossed!

          LANIA:  (pondering for a moment)  That pretty
little bitch suckered me!  She replaced that scheming tramp
with herself and then took the gold!

          FIRST FIGURE:  We'll never be able to buy off all
our mercenaries, now.

          LANIA:  We'll just have to cut our losses.  Get
back to base and report in.  I'll be along later.  I've got
to set up my new C-and-C.

55   EXT. OBSCURE HILLSIDE

     The alchemist is sitting as he watches airships go
flitting by.  He looks down sadly as Washu appears behind
him, brandishing a short light-dagger.

          WASHU:  I should kill you.  How dare you just sit
there?

          ALCHEMIST:  How amusing--like mother, like
daughter--

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (outraged)  You son of a bitch!

     CU. ALCHEMIST

     A little bitter, resigned.

          ALCHEMIST:  Go ahead, Washu.  What are you waiting
for?  Waiting for me to beg for mercy?

     HILLSIDE

          WASHU:  (grim)  That would be good for a start.
Then you might explain how you intend to make Ryoko your
apprentice when you're dead.

          ALCHEMIST:  (smiling)  I'd be her master till the
end of time, if you killed me.  You really want that, Washu?
Kagato would have been a much better master than me.

          WASHU:  You flatter yourself to compare yourself
with Kagato.  He was a brilliant man.

          ALCHEMIST:  Yes, he was, and look where it got
him.  You want the same for Ryoko?

     CU. WASHU

     Still wide-eyed with shock, trembling with anger.  She
slowly calms and puts the dagger away.

          WASHU:  I'm not angry at you.  I mad at myself for
letting you live in the first place.  I should have dealt
with you the way any good exterminator deals with an
infestation.  I had a feeling I was being watched from the
beginning.

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  You were too busy patting yourself on
the back.  Ryoko was so much stronger, and she owed it all
to you.  You could just about feel that dream coming to
reality again--mother and daughter in a brilliant, gleaming
eternity.  It's the same thing Tsunami showed me.  The only
difference is, she wanted the whole package--father and
mother along with a daughter.

     HILLSIDE

     Washu sits, barely controlling herself.

          WASHU:  Tsunami is the most wonderful person I've
ever known.

          ALCHEMIST:  That's what makes her dangerous.  Her
dream is far better than anything this universe could ever
accommodate.

          WASHU:  So, you intend to exterminate her.

          ALCHEMIST:  No.  That's Ryoko's job--assuming you
are willing to let her go.

          WASHU:  And if I don't?

          ALCHEMIST:  I'm not sure.  I've never seen a
quadruple-paradox before.  It would be interesting to see
what happens.  I thought a triple-paradox was confusing, but
this could be one for the books.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  How much did Tsunami know?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  Everything.  Tenchi, too.

     CU. WASHU

     Flinching in shock.

          WASHU:  Him too?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  Of course.  (gently)  Tsunami could
never accept her visions--she always shared them.  First,
with Sasami, then with Tenchi--once she realized that Tenchi
had a pacifying effect on Sasami.  It's the natural pattern,
Washu.  A mind can only take so much irritation.

     HILLSIDE

     The alchemist stands as he considers.

          ALCHEMIST:  We should go now.  Ryoko awaits.

          WASHU:  Do we have to?

          ALCHEMIST:  If not us, then who?

     Washu stands, and the door flickers into existence
again.

56   EXT. SPACE

     A small cruiser emerges from a hyperspace gate.

57   INT. CRUISER

     Tenchi is piloting, as Sasami looks at a console,
briefly confused.

          SASAMI:  Ayeka is still on Alpha.  The comm lines
are all down, so it must be good news.  We'd have heard from
them for sure, otherwise.

     CU. TENCHI

     Thoughtful and oddly composed.

          TENCHI:  (softly)  Yeah.

     CU. SASAMI

     Slowly becoming annoyed.

          SASAMI:  We should rendezvous on Earth.  We can't
meet up with Washu on Alpha, now.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  You think we'll ever see her again?

     CRUISER

     Sasami folds her arms and sits, sulking.

58   INT. PALACE CENTRAL HALL

     A cheering throng greet Ayeka and Mihoshi as they
assemble in the center.  Ayeka waves a sword in the air to
urge another cheer.

          AYEKA:  You know, Mihoshi, this was a good idea.
We might not get Jurai back, but at least we'll have our own
little strongholds.

     Mihoshi gapes in amazement as the crowd lifts up Ayeka.
A couple of soldiers carry her around, and Ayeka waves.

59   INT. BANK VAULT

     The vault is once again filled with gold as Washu
considers a gem in her hands.  The alchemist stands nearby,
holding a small torch.

          WASHU:  You know, as a scientist, this should
fascinate me--a whole person transformed into energy and
stored in one of these gems.  It boggles the mind.

          ALCHEMIST:  The one great mystery I've never seen,
myself.  I'm not even completely sure I can restore her.

          WASHU:  You're just saying that to amuse me,
aren't you?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

     He takes out a small necklace with what appear to be
black pearls.

          ALCHEMIST:  Oh, well.  You never know till you try,
huh?  Abra-cadabra...

     He waves his hand over the necklace, purely for a stage
effect.

     VAULT

     Washu rolls her eyes as the gem slowly starts to
flicker, then brightens--gleaming an angry shade of red.  A
moment later, a somber figure in a monk's robe appears next
to Washu.  The figure trembles a bit and slumps, as if
having just run a mile.

          ALCHEMIST:  (sighing)  Damn.  I was afraid of
that.

          WASHU:  (alarmed)  What?  Something wrong?

          ALCHEMIST:  Oh, well.  I think I transposed my
double-N's again.  (defensive)  Organic material is so
damned nonlinear!  Blending electro-chemical transformations
with energy is pretty complicated, you know.

     CU. WASHU

     Looking at the figure, curiously.

          WASHU:  She looks fine.  I'm still only getting
garbage from the link.  What are you complaining about?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  It's her memory, Washu.  Ryoko always
did have a difficult memory system.  I could never figure
out how to erase certain memories, for example.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  I think it's because of her highly
associative nature.  She was made from masses, after all.
You didn't make her amnesiac, did you?

     VAULT

     The alchemist frowns as he shrugs, narrowing his eyes
in disgust.

          ALCHEMIST:  Well, it's better than being dead.

     Washu glares at him.

          ALCHEMIST:  Anyway, it's not like she can't
recover.

          WASHU:  She won't remember everything, though.
There are some things I still can't remember.  (grimly
amused)  For all I know, I might have known you at one point
in time.

     CU. ALCHEMIST

     A little alarmed for a moment, then scowling.

          ALCHEMIST:  I doubt that.

60   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Another early-morning twilight.  Pan around to leaves
falling from a few trees.

61   INT. MAIN HALL

     Sasami and Tenchi are sitting at the table having tea,
looking very grim.

          TENCHI:  So, who's next?  Mihoshi?  Ryo-Ohki?

          SASAMI:  (defensive)  Why are you blaming me?
What did I ever do to Ryoko, really?

          TENCHI:  What did you do?  What didn't you do?

          SASAMI:  I feel just as bad about Ryoko as you,
Tenchi.  Trust me, I can't take much more of this.

          TENCHI:  Trust you?  I don't know who you are,
anymore.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (very upset)  I'm your wife, Tenchi!  I
love you!  What has gotten into you?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (seething)  You love me?  You love
yourself.  You never loved me.

     MAIN HALL

     Tenchi gets up and storms out, as Sasami starts to cry.

          SASAMI:  (angry)  I deserve a lot better than
this!  You're an unfeeling brute, Tenchi!

62   INT. KITCHEN

     Tenchi enters, muttering to himself, as Noboyuki looks
around, pouring some coffee.

          NOBOYUKI:  Hey, Son.  Are you all right?

          TENCHI:  (stiff)  Yeah, I'm fine.

          NOBOYUKI:  Really?  That sounded like a nasty
tiff.  You look pretty upset.

          TENCHI:  I've been through a lot the past couple
of days.

     CU. NOBOYUKI

     He drinks a bit as he considers.

          NOBOYUKI:  Tenchi, I'm really disappointed in you.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Huh?

     KITCHEN

     Noboyuki puts a hand on Tenchi's shoulder and leans
close.

          NOBOYUKI:  No matter what's happened, Tenchi--
that's still your wife in there.  She's really hurting.
Helping her out is your responsibility.  You go back in
there and comfort her.  Be a man, Tenchi!

     He pushes Tenchi toward the door, and gives him a kick,
just for emphasis.

          TENCHI:  Okay, okay.  I'm going.

     Noboyuki looks through the door, nodding to himself.

          NOBOYUKI:  Kids...  What would they ever do
without us adults?

63   EXT. TENCHI'S HOUSE

     Washu and Ryoko go up to the entrance, Washu leading
the way.

          RYOKO:  What's this?

          WASHU:  This is home, Ryoko.  From now on, you
live here.  Don't wander off, huh?  I don't want to go
looking for you again.

THE END


