
Author:   Mike Fenton <mpfenton@hotmail.com>
Title:    AFS #5 (TREATY SILLINESS)
Notes:    Regular (OVA), script format
Summary:  

[Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are the
property of AIC and Pioneer LDC, Inc. and was created by
Masaki Kajishima.  This story comes entirely from my
imagination, and is strictly intended to be apocryphal--so
please don't sue me.]

1    EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     A rainy, early afternoon.  Yosho is standing out on the
porch with Ayeka, thoughtfully sipping some tea.

          YOSHO:  You don't have to.

     Ayeka folds her arms, a little uncertain.

          AYEKA:  Why are you pestering me, my brother?  Do
you think so little of me, or are you worried that I've
become distressed anytime Tenchi is away?

          YOSHO:  (wryly amused)  You never abandon your
duties?

     Ayeka frowns, unable to respond.  She seems about to
leave, then turns to Yosho.

          AYEKA:  You have a point.  I should be grateful,
but I won't let you dissuade me from my duties here.

          YOSHO:  (calmly accepting)  If you could read my
mind, you would be grateful.

          AYEKA:  (briefly confused)  If I could read your
mind, my brother, things would have been very different.

     Yosho turns and starts to leave.

          YOSHO:  Yes.

2    EXT. ROADSIDE

     A tall young man with strong features stands in the
rain, holding an umbrella.  He takes a puff from a cigarette
and jerks his thumb after a passing car.

          FIGURE:  Oh, come on!  (taking the cigarette)
That's right!  Go on!  Jerk!

     The car disappears around the turn, and the figure
continues smoking as another car appears.  The car slows
down and pulls over.  The figure grabs a bag, runs and opens
the passenger door.  Samantha Collins is sitting at the
wheel.

          SAMANTHA:  Need a lift?

          FIGURE:  Yeah.

          SAMANTHA:  Well, get in.

     The figure looks briefly confused, then gets in.  The
door closes and the car drives on.

3    INT. CAR

     Samantha reaches over and shifts some gears as they
accelerate.

          SAMANTHA:  I'm Samantha Collins.

     The figure puts away the folded umbrella.

          FIGURE:  Oh, hi.  My name is Hiroshi Suzuki.

          SAMANTHA:  Hi.  You going this way, I take it?

          FIGURE:  Yeah.  Okayama.

          SAMANTHA:  Okayama?

          FIGURE:  Yeah.  Where are you headed?

          SAMANTHA:  It's up that way.  I have some old
friends who live in the neighborhood.

     The figure takes out another cigarette.

          FIGURE:  You mind?

          SAMANTHA:  No.  Go right ahead.

          FIGURE:  Damn weather.  It never lets up, huh?

     Samantha shifts again.

          SAMANTHA:  Just don't use the ash tray.  I keep
all my change in there.

          FIGURE:  Really?

          SAMANTHA:  Yeah.

4    INT. TENCHI'S BEDROOM

     Mihoshi is watching as Tenchi puts away some stuff from
a drawer into a box.

          MIHOSHI:  It's okay, Tenchi.  I'll just make
another one.

     Tenchi looks through his drawer again, resolute, as
Mihoshi fidgets.

          TENCHI:  (casual)  It's no problem, Mihoshi.  I'm
sure I have it in here, somewhere.

     Tenchi looks at a little book curiously, just as Ryoko
appears.  Ryoko does a double-take at Mihoshi, then smiles
at Tenchi.

          RYOKO:  Tenchi!  What do you have, there?

     Tenchi looks in the book briefly, then puts it into the
box.

          TENCHI:  Nothing.

     Ryoko frowns, starting to flicker, and Tenchi looks up,
his tone turning serious.

          TENCHI:  Ryoko, don't go trying to--

     Ryoko appears next to the box, holding the book.
Tenchi sighs and looks over at Mihoshi--who is starting to
cringe in anticipation.

          RYOKO:  A journal of Yosho's...

     Ryoko quickly puts it back in the box and slowly floats
backward.

          RYOKO:  (a little grim)  No thanks.

          MIHOSHI:  Something wrong, Ryoko?

     Ryoko flinches in disgust, turning to Mihoshi.

          RYOKO:  Once was enough.  I'm not doing that
again!

     She looks at Tenchi, curiously, then frowns.

          RYOKO:  Tenchi, you didn't read that, did you?

          TENCHI:  (sighing)  No.  And don't ask me how it
got in here.  I have no idea.

     The door slides open, and Sasami appears.

          SASAMI:  Hey, everybody!  Teatime!  (a little
disappointed)  What?

5    INT. CAR

     Samantha is very content-looking, a perfect contrast to
Hiroshi's fidgeting.  He frowns and grabs a box out of the
back seat.

          HIROSHI:  You mind if we have some music?

          SAMANTHA:  Go right ahead, but I should warn
you...

          HIROSHI:  What?  (looking in the box)  Oh my god!

          SAMANTHA:  I'm afraid those are rather old.  I
collected them back in Toulouse.

          HIROSHI:  Where?

          SAMANTHA:  (calmly explaining)  Toulouse--that's
in France.  I went to school there, somewhat briefly.

          HIROSHI:  (scanning the box)  Wait a minute.  Here
we go.

     Hiroshi puts a tape in the player, and some Swedish
rock band starts playing.

          SAMANTHA:  Oh, my lord!  I can't believe I still
have that one.

          HIROSHI:  Hey, this ain't bad.

          SAMANTHA:  (softly)  What dreadful music.

6    TITLE:  "EPISODE 5:  TREATY SILLINESS"

7    EXT. SPACE

     A small cruiser approaches the preserve station.

8    INT. CRUISER

     Ayeka and Kilaro are at the cockpit, Kilaro is typing
at a control, as Ayeka studies a small holographic display--
growing concerned.

          KILARO:  I heard the ambassador was having a
celebration till he learned about the latest revision in the
treaty.

          AYEKA:  I thought they renamed it in favor of your
system after that flag incident.  Did they change the name
again already?

          KILARO:  No.  But the Supreme Council did call it
an 'Alliance.'  I think my ambassador is a little slow to
pick up on subtleties like that.

          AYEKA:  (frowning)  Strange.  It says here that
Beta holds the rights to the first sealed bids of
development projects.  I would have thought your ambassador
would be overjoyed.

          KILARO:  Yeah, that's what I thought, but you know
these ambassadors.  They get their shorts in a bunch over
the least little things.

     Ayeka is briefly disgusted, then turns to the hologram
again, smirking.

9    INT. MAIN HALL

     Ryoko and Sasami are eating with Tenchi and Yosho.

          YOSHO:  (to Sasami)  Is this consomme piccata?

          SASAMI:  Um-hmm.  I added some pepper, too.

          YOSHO:  Ah, I thought so.  (turning)  Tenchi, you
shouldn't have any of that.

          TENCHI:  Why not?

          YOSHO:  Too spicy.  You don't want to upset your
stomach.  You still have lots of training to do.

          TENCHI:  (a little annoyed)  I'm not going to get
sick from a little soup, Grandpa.

          YOSHO:  (frowning, but very calm)  Your technique
still needs work.

          TENCHI:  What part?

          YOSHO:  Your strokes.

          TENCHI:  (rolling his eyes)  That's all I ever
work on.  How much longer till I can learn about tactics?

     Yosho is briefly disconcerted--looking around at Sasami
and Ryoko.  He turns back to Tenchi, very serious for a
moment, then smiles.

          YOSHO:  Just a few million more times, Tenchi.
That shouldn't take too long.

10   INT. LIBRARY

     Mihoshi is reading a comic book as Tenchi enters.  She
looks up and picks up a small notebook--making some notes.

          TENCHI:  Sorry I couldn't find your notebook,
Mihoshi.  I guess it got lost with all my old student files.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh, that's okay!  (considering)  Gosh, I
sure hope nobody reads all those reports and thinks you're
hiding something.

          TENCHI:  (nervously chuckling)  They'd probably
think I was crazy.

          MIHOSHI:  (looking back at her notes)  I don't
know why you're worried.  Nobody ever reads my reports, you
know.

          TENCHI:  (wryly amused, still a little nervous)
Uh...  I think I'll get back to work on that outline I was
working on.

11   INT. CRUISER

     The viewscreen shows a glowing mooring line, pulling
them toward the station.  Kilaro turns to Ayeka, who is
still studying the holographic display.  Ayeka looks a
little surprised.

          KILARO:  What?

          AYEKA:  The ambassador got a hold of Mihoshi's
report.  (sighing)  That would explain his sudden change of
mood.

12   EXT. NARROW PATH

     Samantha and Hiroshi are strolling the path, as evening
turns to twilight.

          HIROSHI:  Yeah, I was here when Ryoko and her
sister were visiting.

          SAMANTHA:  Ryoko has a sister?

          HIROSHI:  Oh, yeah.  Some weird name, too.  I
can't remember it, though.

          SAMANTHA:  So, why did you end up leaving?

     Hiroshi takes out a cigarette and briefly considers.

          HIROSHI:  My stepfather's idea.

     Hiroshi lights up and looks down, thoughtfully.  They
continue on for another moment as Hiroshi looks up, suddenly
turning to Samantha.

          HIROSHI:  Zero.  That's it.

          SAMANTHA:  What?

          HIROSHI:  Ryoko's sister.  (introspective again)
I didn't like her very much.

          SAMANTHA:  Which one?

          HIROSHI:  Either.

13   INT. MAIN HALL

     Mihoshi is sitting at the table eating, when Sasami
enters, excited.

          MIHOSHI:  What is it, Sasami?

          SASAMI:  It's them--

          MIHOSHI:  What--?

     Samantha and Hiroshi enter.  Hiroshi looks around, a
little curious, as Samantha frowns.

          SAMANTHA:  (softly)  Nothing's changed, I see.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh my god!  Is that Hiroshi?

          HIROSHI:  In the flesh.  (turning)  Hey, Sasami.
You got any extra food?  I'm starving.

          SASAMI:  (smiling)  Oh, sure!  Sammy, you want
some, too?

     Samantha looks around, a little agitated.

          SAMANTHA:  Uh...  No, thanks.  I think I'll just
get my bags, if you don't mind.  Is Tenchi here?

          SASAMI:  (smiling nervously)  He's in his room.

     Hiroshi and Mihoshi exchange a look as Samantha leaves.

          HIROSHI:  Is she always like that?

          MIHOSHI:  Uh...

          SASAMI:  (chuckling)  What's the matter?

          HIROSHI:  That lady has got to be the most
dislikable person I have ever met.  (softly)  And that's no
small boast.

          MIHOSHI:  Wow, really?

          SASAMI:  (turning)  I'd better go heat up that
consomme.

     Ryoko enters, just as Sasami goes to the kitchen.

          RYOKO:  You!  What are you doing here?

          HIROSHI:  (grimly amused)  Just visiting.

14   INT. TENCHI'S BEDROOM

     Tenchi is sitting at his desk, writing, as Samantha
appears at the doorway, softly knocking.

          TENCHI:  (surprised, immediately smiling)  Hey,
Samantha.  Good to see you again.

          SAMANTHA:  (briefly pauses, then smiles--very
pleasant)  It's good to be back.  You mind if I come in?

     Tenchi turns in his chair and puts away a pen.

          TENCHI:  Hey, not at all.  Come in.

          SAMANTHA:  Thank you very much.

     Samantha enters and takes out a small envelope,
immediately brandishing it.

          TENCHI:  So, what brings you back to Okayama?

          SAMANTHA:  You up for a little vacation?

          TENCHI:  Vacation?

          SAMANTHA:  Yeah.  Get away for a while.  What do
you say?

     Tenchi looks back at the desk for a moment, then back
around at Samantha.

          TENCHI:  Hmm...  Well, this is perfect timing.  I
was just finishing up my exit evaluation, and starting work
on a tentative teaching plan.  This could be just the thing
I was looking for.

          SAMANTHA:  I've got enough tickets for everybody.
As long as there's no problem with the visas.

          TENCHI:  Where's it to?

          SAMANTHA:  France.  Oh, and I bumped into an old
friend of yours on the way here.

          TENCHI:  Old friend?

15   INT. MAIN HALL

     Mihoshi and Hiroshi are sitting at the table, as Ryoko
floats nearby.  Sasami is sitting at the end of the table,
her face starting to turn pale.

          HIROSHI:  That's when I grabbed him by the hair
and started slamming his face into the dispenser.  Bam!
Bam!  Bam!  The freakin' idiot started blubbering on about
his mother or something, and I just left him on the floor.

          MIHOSHI:  Uh-huh...  So, what happened after that?

          HIROSHI:  Oh, hell.  I got out of there!  What do
you think?  The cops didn't catch me, but my girlfriend
started freaking out.  She called me a monster and
threatened to turn me in.  Shoot!

          SASAMI:  (nervously swallowing, wide-eyed)  Wow.
So, you walked halfway here.

          HIROSHI:  Well, I didn't think my girlfriend would
give me a ride after that.

          MIHOSHI:  And all this was because of that one
little remark?

          HIROSHI:  (upset)  Hey!  The guy called me a
homosexual--he's lucky I didn't kill him.

     Ryoko appears next to Mihoshi, her arms folded.

          RYOKO:  So, where are you going, now?

          HIROSHI:  (sighing)  I'm living with my old man
again.  He'll bug me every five minutes, but it's better
than sitting in jail.

          SASAMI:  It was really nice of Sammy to give you a
ride, you know.

          HIROSHI:  Yeah.  She's really nice about
everything.  She just loves this--she just loves that.
Hells bells!  She drives me nuts!

          MIHOSHI:  Tenchi's really nice, too.

          HIROSHI:  (rolling his eyes)  Yeah, but Tenchi's a
guy.  I don't care what guys act like.

     Tenchi slides open the door and enters, Samantha close
behind.

          TENCHI:  Hey, Hiroshi!

          HIROSHI:  Hey, man!  What's up?

          TENCHI:  (turning)  Hey, everybody.  We're going
to France!

          HIROSHI:  Even me?

          TENCHI:  Oh.  Well, no.  Just the rest of us.

     Samantha folds her arms, looking a little irritated.

          SAMANTHA:  Don't everybody celebrate all at once.

16   EXT. SPACE

     The preserve station, docked with several cruisers and
a few warships.

17   INT. AMBASSADOR'S QUARTERS

     A tall, blonde man in an elaborate uniform and flowing
robe strolls over to a small bar, just opposite a desk--
where Ayeka is sitting.  Kilaro is sitting at a small
conference table, already drinking a drink.

          AMBASSADOR:  I've tried to reach the Supreme
Council several times on the matter, but they keep giving me
the run-around.

          AYEKA:  The Supreme Council decisions have to be
processed in the proper fashion.  It would not be fair to
give certain entreaties special consideration.

          AMBASSADOR:  (a little melodramatic)  I know!  But
to complain about a matter of procedure within the Galaxy
Union, you have to submit to the Supreme Council.  The
Supreme Council then complains that you need to submit
through the proper 'representative' in the Galaxy Union, the
Galaxy Union takes one look at your complaint and fires it
into the first black hole they find!  You think they're
going to support a complaint about themselves?

     Ayeka frowns, disgusted.

          AMBASSADOR:  (just warming up)  And then, as if to
add insult to injury, the Supreme Council is making some
secret arrangements with the Pirate Guild--

          AYEKA:  (surprised, disbelieving)  Pirate Guild!
Not likely.

     The ambassador chuckles.  He picks up a glass and
begins assembling a drink.

          AMBASSADOR:  I can see, your Highness, that you
still have a lot to learn about diplomatic channels.  I was
in a conference with another ambassador for five hours, one
time, and we did nothing but talk about all the little
intrigues the Juraians seem to be engaged in with the
pirates.  Some of it was rumor, no doubt--

          AYEKA:  (snorting)  Some!

          AMBASSADOR:  But hidden behind all the rumor is a
river of truth.  Of that, I have little doubt.

     The ambassador pours, as Ayeka bristles.

          AYEKA:  River of truth?  More like a river of
propaganda!  I've heard about this 'Masaki' manifesto.

          AMBASSADOR:  Oh?  I suppose you think it's pure
propaganda.

          AYEKA:  No member of my family would compose such
a thing.  The mere fact that there are so many versions
makes it doubtful that anyone with substantial repute had
anything to do with it.

          AMBASSADOR:  How funny that you should say that!
I've just received another version of this so-called 'Beta
Alliance.'  You want to know how many versions of that there
are?

          AYEKA:  A forgery, no doubt...

          AMBASSADOR:  A clever one, at that.

     He goes to the desk and picks up a roll of paper.

          AMBASSADOR:  This one is number forty-seven!
That's just counting the past couple weeks!

          AYEKA:  What a repulsive situation.

          AMBASSADOR:  I told you, your Highness.  It's that
damn Galaxy Union.  They refuse to appoint a treaty
executive to oversee the amendments of the treaty.

          AYEKA:  (calmly explaining)  Because, it is not--
technically--a treaty.  An alliance is like a goodwill
promise.  It doesn't necessarily carry the same weight as
law.

          AMBASSADOR:  (groaning, shaking his head)  You see
what I have to put up with!?

          AYEKA:  Well, we shall just have to track down
these forgeries.  Any reasonable person can see that.

          AMBASSADOR:  (saluting with his drink)  Good luck,
your Highness.

          AYEKA:  (a little surprised)  You want me to do this?

          AMBASSADOR:  (smug)  I appreciate the efforts.
I'll tell all my colleagues how helpful you've been.  Isn't
it marvellous when we can work things out?

     Ayeka looks around, and Kilaro winks at her.

18   INT. MAIN HALL

     Hiroshi and Tenchi are playing a video game, as
Samantha watches, nearby.  Sasami and Ryoko are at the table
with Mihoshi, as Mihoshi finishes picking at some rice.

          HIROSHI:  Damn, man!  You going to France!  That
is so wrong!  You are the luckiest guy I've ever met.

          TENCHI:  Yeah--  (softly)  All bad.

          HIROSHI:  Well, you get one consolation...

          TENCHI:  Oh, yeah?  What's that?  Oh, man!

     Hiroshi raises his fist in triumph.

          HIROSHI:  Yes!  (laughing)  You still get beat by
the best!

     Ryoko suddenly appears next to Tenchi.

          RYOKO:  Tenchi, sweetheart--  Let me, huh?

          TENCHI:  Huh?

          HIROSHI:  Yeah, Tenchi.  Let me play somebody
good.  This game is starting to bore me.

          TENCHI:  Oh, okay...

     Tenchi gets up and stands next to Samantha, as Ryoko
battles Hiroshi.

          SAMANTHA:  (softly)  Is he like this all the time?

          TENCHI:  Uh...  Well...

     Mihoshi looks over at the TV for a moment, then back at
Sasami, as Ryoko celebrates.

          RYOKO:  Triple bonus for gruesome deathblow!

          HIROSHI:  I'll take you on with Aratteki--I've
never lost with her.  Her insults are really cool, too.

          MIHOSHI:  (to Sasami)  It's awfully nice of Sammy
to give us a holiday in France.  That must be pretty
expensive.

     Sasami frowns, thoughtfully.

          SASAMI:  Yeah, I think it is.

19   INT. ELABORATE RECEPTION OFFICE

     A large, circular desk with several computer stations
looks out into a room filled with plants, statues and
paintings.  Several secretaries are standing at the
stations, talking into headsets.

     Ayeka approaches one of the secretaries.

          AYEKA:  Excuse me, but I need information.
(brandishing the roll of paper)  Do you know who distributes
the Beta Alliance forms?

     The secretary takes the roll of paper and looks at it
for a moment, reading briefly.  He then appears about to
make some helpful suggestion.

          SECRETARY:  'Office of the Galaxy Union
Independent Consul.'  It's an exclusive form.

          AYEKA:  Yes, I know that's what it says, but I
need to know who actually handles them.

     The secretary looks confused for a moment, then types
up a few things on the computer.

          SECRETARY:  Oh, sorry.  You can't get that
information here.  You have to apply to the Political
Distribution Guild.  They have jurisdiction over treaties.

          AYEKA:  But this is just an informal alliance
declaration.

          SECRETARY:  Uh...  I don't know about that.
Sorry.

     Ayeka leaves, only briefly irritated.

20   INT. HALLWAY

     Ayeka approaches a door, takes a look at a small
holographic display, and frowns.  She tries the handle, but
it apparently won't open.

21   INT. DINGY RECEPTION OFFICE

     A secretary is sitting at the desk, somewhat buried in
forms.  Ayeka is brandishing the roll of paper again.

          SECRETARY:  Beta Alliance?  How did you get a hold
of this?

          AYEKA:  Well, the ambassador of Beta told me--

          SECRETARY:  (scowling)  No, no.  This is all
wrong.  This isn't even on the right kind of paper.  Here,
look.

     She takes out a laser pointer and points it at the
paper.  The paper glows a soft green.

          SECRETARY:  Damn counterfeiters.  I've gotten a
hundred complaints about these things just today.

          AYEKA:  Yes, I assumed it was.  What I need to
know is who is responsible for handling these.

          SECRETARY:  Did you try the Distribution Guild
office?

          AYEKA:  They're closed.  I thought I saw dust on
the door.

          SECRETARY:  Well, the only way you can get that is
through the Information office.  This is just a Claims
office.

22   INT. ELABORATE RECEPTION OFFICE

     Ayeka is facing the other secretary again.

          SECRETARY:  No, no.  You need to file a Right of
Review Claim with the Claims office.  This is just the
Information office.

23   INT. DINGY RECEPTION OFFICE

     The secretary is giving Ayeka some more forms.

          SECRETARY:  You can go ahead and file, but the R-
and-R Claim is just preliminary.  You'll have to follow
through with Articles of Complaint.

          AYEKA:  Articles?  Just for a little information?

          SECRETARY:  The Consular Magistrate just handed
down a restraining order on the R-and-R for Distribution
Guild logbook inquiries.

          AYEKA:  I have to hire a lawyer just to find out
who's circulating these forgeries?

          SECRETARY:  I'd hire an independent investigator.
That would be cheaper.

          AYEKA:  (grimacing in anger)  Or get some naive
Juraian princess to do it for free.

24   INT. MAIN HALL

     Hiroshi is still playing a video game, as Samantha,
Ryoko and Tenchi are sitting at the sofa.  Mihoshi enters,
carrying her notebook.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh!  Hey, Hiroshi.  Are you staying?

          HIROSHI:  (looking around)  No, I gotta take off.
My dad's gonna get worried if I take too long.  I called him
a couple hours ago, so I'd better hurry, too.

          TENCHI:  Are you staying, Samantha?  We don't mind
the extra company.

          SAMANTHA:  You think it's all right?  I hate to
impose.

          TENCHI:  No, no.  You take my room.  I'll sleep
out here.

          RYOKO:  Waiting up for Ayeka?

          TENCHI:  I'm just being polite, Ryoko.  It's not
ever day we get visitors.

          RYOKO:  (a little annoyed)  Tenchi...

          TENCHI:  (innocently wondering)  What?

          RYOKO:  (sighing, deflated)  Never mind.

     Ryoko flickers and vanishes.  Hiroshi gets up and
starts to leave.  Samantha gets up, looking down at Tenchi,
thoughtfully.

          MIHOSHI:  Uh--

          SAMANTHA:  Not very subtle, is she?

          TENCHI:  Huh?

          HIROSHI:  Bye, everybody!  Say hello to Ayeka for
me!

          TENCHI:  (grinning)  I'll be sure to do that.

     Samantha is still looking at Tenchi, thoughtfully.

          SAMANTHA:  Tenchi, we should talk.

          TENCHI:  Huh?  About what?

          SAMANTHA:  (smiling, rolling her eyes)  Not right
now, though.  We should all get some rest.  Nothing can't
wait till morning, I always say.

25   EXT. SPACE

     The cruiser is returning from the preserve station.

26   INT. CRUISER

     Ayeka is sitting in the cockpit with Kilaro.

          KILARO:  Hey, I tried to warn you.

          AYEKA:  You diplomats are all the same.

          KILARO:  So, now what?

          AYEKA:  Now what?  I can hardly ignore this
problem.  I'll just have to find out how untrue these rumors
are about pirates.

27   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     The house is dark, as Ayeka enters.

28   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ayeka glances down from the balcony at Tenchi--who is
asleep on the sofa.

29   INT. AYEKA'S BEDROOM

     Ayeka looks around, finding herself alone in the
bedroom.

30   INT. TENCHI'S BEDROOM

     Sasami is sitting in a chair across from Samantha, who
is sitting at the desk.

          SAMANTHA:  You know Tenchi.  He just said he was
being polite.

          SASAMI:  So, how did Ryoko take that?

          SAMANTHA:  About how I expected--like someone just
told her that her best friend died.

          SASAMI:  Wow.  I know Ryoko's sensitive, but you
don't think she's jealous of you, already?

          SAMANTHA:  I don't know.  I hope not.  Ryoko's not
the kind of person you want mad with you--and not just
because she can shoot laser blasts at you.

     Sasami chuckles, as Ayeka opens the door.

          AYEKA:  Sasami?  Do you realize how late it is?

          SASAMI:  Sorry, Ayeka.  I just hate sleeping all
by myself.

     Ayeka frowns suspiciously for a moment, then notices
Samantha.

          AYEKA:  Hello.  I was wondering why Lord Tenchi
was on the sofa.

          SAMANTHA:  Yes.  I kicked him out of his own bed.

     Ayeka half-grimaces with amusement, and Sasami is a
little embarrassed.  Ayeka gestures, as she turns to Sasami.

          AYEKA:  Sasami, let's leave our guest alone to
sleep.  It is much too late for this chattering.

          SASAMI:  Yeah, I know.

          SAMANTHA:  It's good to see you again, Ayeka.  Oh,
and Hiroshi said to say hello.

          AYEKA:  Who?

31   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Early morning dawns as several small cruisers lift off.

32   INT. LIBRARY

     Mihoshi, Sasami, Ayeka and Ryoko are sitting, talking.

          RYOKO:  I don't like it one bit.  She's being way
too nice.

          SASAMI:  What's the problem?  I think a trip to
France is a great idea.

          MIHOSHI:  I think it's romantic.  An exotic
vacation with friends.

          AYEKA:  Samantha is not our friend.  She only
wound up here because Yosho wanted her to keep an eye on me.

          MIHOSHI:  That's silly.  Why would he do that?

          RYOKO:  (to Mihoshi)  You nitwit.  (to Ayeka)  I
think the princess is right.  Samantha's not our friend.
She's up to something, and I wouldn't be surprised if Yosho
was behind it.

          SASAMI:  What are you saying, Ryoko?  That we
shouldn't go?

          MIHOSHI:  Yeah.  What happens if Tenchi really
wants to go and we refuse to go with him?

          AYEKA:  (wide-eyed with shock)  And if we try to
convince him to stay and fail, we only end up annoying him
if we do go along.

          RYOKO:  (frowning, clenching her fists)  I say, we
take that chance.  Hey, Sasami.  You can convince him not to
go, can't you?

          SASAMI:  (scowling, introspective)  But I want to
go.  I don't care what you guys say--I like Samantha.

     Ryoko folds her arms and starts to float upward.

          AYEKA:  Sasami, if you convince Tenchi not to go,
then I'll convince Yosho to let you and Mihoshi go with
Samantha.

          RYOKO:  Gee, that's generous of you, Ayeka.  Why
don't you go with Sasami and let Mihoshi and I stay?

     Ayeka gives Ryoko the evil eye.

          MIHOSHI:  I'm not going if Tenchi's not going.

          SASAMI:  That goes for me, too.

     Ayeka sighs, turning to Sasami again.

          AYEKA:  Sasami, no matter what you may think of
Samantha, she's an adult and she's not as friendly as you
think she is.  And no matter what her motives for wanting us
to go on this vacation, we have to suspect that her motives
may change--assuming she isn't already planning to steal him
away.

          RYOKO:  She's not like us.

          SASAMI:  She isn't?

          AYEKA:  No, Sasami, she's not.  She's an
Earthling--and, besides that, she's much more like Tenchi
than the rest of us.  If we left them alone together, even
for a few minutes, there's no telling what might happen.

     Mihoshi gets up, a little upset.

          MIHOSHI:  You're just being silly, you guys.  I
don't think Samantha is even interested.  She's stayed with
us before, and nothing ever happened.

     Mihoshi turns and leaves.  Sasami gets up, looking a
little grim.

          SASAMI:  Mihoshi's right.  You're just being
jealous.  I don't know why you're trying to talk Tenchi out
of going.  We could all use a vacation.

33   INT. TENCHI'S BEDROOM

     Samantha carefully puts away Yosho's diary in the box,
looking very thoughtful.

          SAMANTHA:  Well, I'll be...

     Sasami opens the door and enters, very cheerful.

          SASAMI:  Hey, Sammy.  Time for breakfast!

          SAMANTHA:  I'll be right down.

34   EXT. NEAR STRANGE CAVE

     Several shuttles land, just as a couple others take
off.

35   EXT. NEARBY CLEARING

     A small group of casually dressed figures are setting
up a small dish-like apparatus.  A couple of Galaxy Police
guards in trooper uniforms approach them.

          FIRST GUARD:  (to the group)  Did we get an order
for another Academy experiment?

     Several figures look around, briefly confused.

          SECOND GUARD:  I don't think they even speak
common.

36   EXT. NEAR CAVE

     Kilaro and the Beta ambassador confront a couple GP
officers.

          KILARO:  Look, the Beta Alliance specifically
requires us to inspect the duty assignments of officers on
this site.

     The first officer looks at a small pad, and frowns.

          FIRST OFFICER:  Not in my orders.

37   EXT. MASAKI SHRINE

     Yosho steps out onto the front steps, holding a staff.
A small group of people arrive, dressed as supplicants.

     One of the figures goes to Yosho and bows properly.

          FIRST FIGURE:  Are you the keeper of this shrine?

          YOSHO:  (wary)  Yes, that is me.

          FIRST FIGURE:  We have made a pilgrimage from a
distant star to pray for the fate of Jurai.

          YOSHO:  The fate of Jurai?

          FIRST FIGURE:  (explaining very pleasantly)  We
heard about the curse of the seven winds, and we came right
away.  It is also our duty, now--as prescribed by the Beta
Alliance.

          YOSHO:  (a little irritated)  Ah, I see.  (VO)
Ayeka will have some unpleasant bit of news, no doubt.

38   INT. MAIN HALL

     Tenchi and Ayeka sit at the table eating, as Sasami,
Mihoshi and Ryoko enter and sit.

          TENCHI:  You know, Ayeka.  I was thinking, and I'm
not sure about this vacation.

     Ayeka nearly spits in surprise.

          AYEKA:  Yes?

          TENCHI:  It seems like an awful imposition.  It's
all rather sudden, too.  I feel a little awkward about it,
in retrospect.

     Mihoshi frowns, a little grim, as Sasami looks down at
her food--a little disappointed.

          AYEKA:  You think it's a bad idea?

          TENCHI:  No, no.  Don't get me wrong.  I just have
a bad feeling about it, that's all.

          SASAMI:  Maybe it isn't such a good idea, after
all.

          MIHOSHI:  Yeah.  Maybe you should think about
turning it down.

     Ryo-Ohki appears, child-form, and sits next to Tenchi.
She meows cheerfully, and Tenchi turns.

          TENCHI:  Good morning, Ryo-Ohki.  (turning again)
Yeah.  I hate to be the one to rain on someone else's
picnic, but...  You know--

     Samantha enters, and beams a smile at them.

          SAMANTHA:  Good morning, everyone!

          TENCHI:  Good morning, Samantha.  Won't you have
something to eat?

          SAMANTHA:  I don't mind if I do.

     Samantha sits to eat, as Ayeka and Ryoko exchange
looks.

          RYOKO:  Uh, Samantha--

          SAMANTHA:  Yes?

          RYOKO:  I was just wondering--  Where exactly in
France is this vacation you were thinking about?

          SAMANTHA:  Just an old stomping ground.  It's a
lovely little city in the south of France called Toulouse.
I used to go to school there.

          AYEKA:  Really?  They have some good ones there?

          SAMANTHA:  Oh, yes.  They have some dating back to
ancient times.  Why do you ask?

          RYOKO:  Just curious.

          AYEKA:  Yes.  Ryoko and I were just discussing it,
and we're terribly excited.

     Sasami gasps as Mihoshi looks around at Ayeka,
frowning.

          RYOKO:  (grinning)  Yeah.  We can't wait to go.

     Tenchi looks around at Ayeka and Ryoko, a little
nervously, as Samantha claps her hands together in delight.

          SAMANTHA:  Oh, how wonderful!  This will be
splendid, indeed!

          MIHOSHI:  (frowning, VO)  The nerve of those two!

          SASAMI:  (slowly recovering, VO)  Oh, poor Tenchi!

39   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Yosho encounters Mihoshi, who appears a little
preoccupied.  Yosho continues to the entrance, as Mihoshi
stalks toward the cave site.

40   INT. MAIN HALL

     Yosho looks up briefly at Ryoko, who is lying on a
support beam, reading a book.  Ryoko merely smiles and
continues reading as Yosho enters the kitchen.

41   INT. KITCHEN

     Sasami and Ryo-Ohki are standing at the counter--Sasami
is looking over some preparations, apparently deciding on a
recipe.  Yosho enters and looks around, curious.

          YOSHO:  Sasami, have you seen Ayeka?

          SASAMI:  Uh...  I think she's still in her room.

42   INT. AYEKA'S BEDROOM

     Ayeka is sitting, writing something in a small pad,
when Yosho enters.  She looks up and then returns to her
writing.

          AYEKA:  You could have warned me I was wasting my
time.

          YOSHO:  Really?  And was it a waste of your time?

     Ayeka continues writing, not bothering to look up.

          AYEKA:  (calm)  You know how it is for me, my
brother.  I couldn't make heads or tails of the whole thing.

          YOSHO:  The ambassador gave you a warm reception,
I trust.

          AYEKA:  Yes, and he seemed to think that I could
play the part of his personal private investigator.  I
wonder what could have led him to believe that I would do
such a thing.

          YOSHO:  Too confusing?

          AYEKA:  (looking up)  Why do you ask?  You don't
think I can sort it out for myself?

          YOSHO:  (curiously calm)  You just seemed to be
taking it all so well.  Why the good mood?

     Ayeka slowly puts away the pad.

          AYEKA:  I'm getting away for a while.  Tenchi and
the others are going with me to France.

     Yosho ponders, as Ayeka continues looking up, curious.

          YOSHO:  Now, there's an interesting place to
visit.

          AYEKA:  You've been there, I suppose?

          YOSHO:  No.  Je n'aime pas parler francais.

          AYEKA:  Huh?  Oh--the language.  I can't speak a
word of it.

43   INT. TENCHI'S BEDROOM

     Tenchi is sitting at his desk, as Samantha sits in
another chair, across from him.

          TENCHI:  Hiroshi told me that he had a little
fight with Ryoko.  He went on into town after that.  I'm not
sure, but I think Ryoko went straight back.

          SAMANTHA:  So, Ryoko's sister was here, the whole
time.

          TENCHI:  Uh...  Well, something like that.

          SAMANTHA:  I must remind her of her sister.  That
must be why she gets so jealous.

     Tenchi chuckles, a little nervous.

          TENCHI:  Ryoko, jealous?

          SAMANTHA:  (she smiles, very easily)  She really
needn't be, though.  She is far more pleasant than I'll ever
be.  And this vacation idea I had is perfectly innocent, I
assure you.

          TENCHI:  It's just a little getaway, huh?

          SAMANTHA:  No.  I have some old friends from
college who still live in Toulouse--or still going to school
there.  I'd like you to meet them.  They like to sketch and
compose and play music in their spare time, too.

          TENCHI:  Oh.  I didn't know you knew about all
that.  Don't you always say that artists are killers of
their own dreams?

          SAMANTHA:  Yes, I know I always say that, but it
isn't true for you and me, Tenchi.

          TENCHI:  Huh?

          SAMANTHA:  No offense, Tenchi, but no one gives a
damn about people like us, really.  We could chisel out the
statue of David, and no one would notice.  I only like to
scare people who might actually draw attention to their
work.

          TENCHI:  (frowning, a little repulsed)  I had no
idea you had such a negative attitude, Samantha.

          SAMANTHA:  (playfully chiding)  Please.  You know
I hate flattery.

          TENCHI:  (grinning, somewhat sadistic)  No, no.  I
think you're absolutely right.

     The door opens, and Yosho looks in.

          TENCHI:  Hey.  Good morning, Grandpa.

          SAMANTHA:  Hello, again.

          YOSHO:  (to Samantha)  Hello, there.  (to Tenchi)
Tenchi, you're late for practice.

          TENCHI:  (surprised)  Oh, right!  Sorry.  I'll be
right down.

     Tenchi gets up and starts to leave.

          YOSHO:  Such laziness, Tenchi.  You know you
should be trying harder.

     Samantha looks around at Yosho.

          SAMANTHA:  No hurry.  We don't leave for another
week.

          YOSHO:  Ah.  Plenty of time to put in another
million strokes.

44   EXT. SPACE

     A small GP cruiser is heading toward the preserve
station.

45   INT. CRUISER

     Mihoshi is facing the chief on the display in the
cockpit.

          CHIEF:  (display)  You're heading out there?  The
ambassador is already at the site!  You were supposed to
escort him to that contact...  Uh, Jaithepios.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh!  I guess I'd better hurry back
before they decide to leave.

          CHIEF:  (display)  What have you been doing,
Mihoshi?  You know you still need to find that duty
specification we gave you months ago.  The duty logs can't
be completed without it...

          MIHOSHI:  (pondering to herself)  Where did that
stupid spec book go?  Oh, well.  I hope I can find something
to wear for the trip.  I wonder what they like to wear in
France?

          CHIEF:  Then there's the report you were supposed
to file about the missing Beta artifacts.  We can't get the
ambassador off our backs without that.

          MIHOSHI:  Wow.  I wonder where France is?  I've
never seen it on any of the maps I've looked at.  Hmm...

     Mihoshi goes to a small stack of books, buried under
files, charts, little dolls and recordings.

          MIHOSHI:  I know I've got a map in here,
somewhere...

          CHIEF:  (display)  Mihoshi!  Are you listening to
me?

          MIHOSHI:  I hope they like good food there.  Wait
a minute.  Now, I remember!  They have a lot of famous
vineyards.  That's right.

          CHIEF:  Yukinojo, what in the world is she talking
about?

     Yukinojo turns to the display.

          YUKINOJO:  I have no idea.

46   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ayeka is descending the stairs, and Ryoko is lying on
the sofa, as Sasami enters from the kitchen with a platter,
a bottle and some cups.

          AYEKA:  It's not time to eat, yet.  Is it, Sasami?

     Ryoko looks around, teleporting next to Sasami.

          SASAMI:  I thought I would offer something to mark
the occasion.  I'll have the tea, but you can share the
wine.

     Ryoko picks up the bottle.

          RYOKO:  Wine?  Is this French?

          SASAMI:  Yeah, it seemed appropriate.

     Ayeka stops at the table, as Sasami sets the platter on
it.

          AYEKA:  My brother likes that particular vintage.

     Sasami sits and takes her cup.  Ryoko sits and pours
some for herself.

          AYEKA:  Shall we make a toast?

     Sasami glances at Ayeka sternly, then sighs.

          SASAMI:  Just do me a favor, first, okay?

     Ayeka frowns as she reaches for the bottle.

          AYEKA:  Yes?

          SASAMI:  (looking around)  Both of you promise to
try to have fun and not ruin this.  Okay?

     Ryoko lifts her cup, very casual.

          RYOKO:  Yeah, yeah.  Whatever.

          AYEKA:  Of course, Sasami.  You can rely on us.

     Sasami looks back at Ayeka, very stern.

          SASAMI:  Promise!

          AYEKA:  (humoring)  All right.  I promise.

     Ayeka and Sasami look at Ryoko, as she starts to drink.

          RYOKO:  (looking up)  What?  Oh, right.  Yeah, I
promise.

     Sasami sighs again, a little melodramatic.

          SASAMI:  Thank you.

47   EXT. TRAINING GROUNDS

     Yosho narrows his eyes in disappointment as he looks at
Tenchi, who appears to be out of breath--leaning over.

          YOSHO:  You're going to need to start weight
training, soon.

          TENCHI:  About time...

          YOSHO:  Good fighters don't just rely on strength,
though.  It takes a strong will, as well.

          TENCHI:  Right, Grandpa.

          YOSHO:  (softening, strangely calm again)  Tenchi.
You know you don't need a vacation.  If you want to study
the arts, there are plenty of good schools here.

          TENCHI:  (serious and thoughtful)  I know,
Grandpa.  It just seemed really nice.  I'd hate to turn it
down and then wonder what it would've been like, later.

          YOSHO:  (smiling, a little wistfully)  Yes--I know
the feeling.  I'll understand if you want to stay there.

     Tenchi looks up, a little alarmed.

          TENCHI:  Stay?

          YOSHO:  That's right.  Why do you think I've been
living here the past seven-hundred years?

     Tenchi ponders for a moment, then smiles.

          TENCHI:  I could never stay away, Grandpa.  That's
just silly!

THE END

