[Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are the
property of AIC and Pioneer LDC, Inc. and was created by
Masaki Kajishima.  This story comes entirely from my
imagination, and is strictly intended to be apocryphal--so
please don't sue me.]

1    EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Open on trees in bloom, suggesting springtime.  Pan
around to house.

2    INT. AYEKA'S BEDROOM

     Ayeka is sitting next to a window, holding a pen and a
small book, apparently lost in thought.  She turns and looks
out the window and sighs.  She then writes.

     CU. AYEKA

     She slowly stops writing and then looks up suddenly.
She closes the book quickly and puts it into a pocket.

          AYEKA:  (softly)  Is someone there?

     BEDROOM

     She stands and straightens her dress.

          AYEKA:  (to herself)  That's strange, I thought I
was being watched.

     She reaches for her pocket again, stops, then looks
around.

          AYEKA:  Oh!  It's just you, Lord Tenchi.

     Tenchi enters the room and smiles.

          TENCHI:  Oh, there you are!  Uh...

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Really, Tenchi.  No need to be shy.  Just
say whatever is on your mind.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (embarrassed)  It's just that, I thought
you were doing something private, and I, uh...

     BEDROOM

          AYEKA:  I was doing nothing, Tenchi.

          TENCHI:  (obviously relieved)  Oh, that's good.  I
was just about to say that I can't make it to the show
tomorrow.  I'm really sorry.  I know how much you were
looking forward to it, but I need to stay late at school
tomorrow.

     She slumps a bit, but keeps her facial composure
steady.

          AYEKA:  (strained)  It's all right Lord Tenchi, I
was so looking forward to it, but there'll be other shows.
It was just a comedy, anyway.

     CU. TENCHI

     He smiles and takes a step backward.

          TENCHI:  You were writing in a journal?

     BEDROOM

          AYEKA:  (a bit shocked)  What?

          TENCHI:  A journal, you know...  A diary?  It's
nothing, really.  I was just wondering...

          AYEKA:  (looking down)  Oh, yes.  Something like
that.

          TENCHI:  (wistfully)  I'll just go help with
breakfast...

     Tenchi exits.

          AYEKA:  (VO)  My, how strange!  Lord Tenchi was
the one who suggested this show.  Hmm... I just know this
has something to do with that devil-woman...

3    EXT. NEAR STRANGE CAVE

     A field with trees in the background.  Ryoko teleports
toward the camera, and then stops, looking around.  She is
holding a small jug of sake.  She is about to take a drink,
then stops and returns it over her shoulder again.

     CU. RYOKO

     She looks down at the camera.  She shakes her head
slightly and looks up, again.

     NEAR CAVE

     The strange cave, nearly obscured by surrounding
foliage.  Ryoko shoots into the opening and disappears
inside.

4    INT. KITCHEN

     Sasami is standing in front of the stove, stirring in a
pan.  Ryo-Ohki is sitting on her head.  Tenchi is scratching
his head.

     CU. SASAMI

     She takes a bit from the pan and gives another to
Ryo-Ohki.  Ryo-Ohki meows, and Sasami smiles.

     KITCHEN

     Tenchi approaches casually.

          TENCHI:  Can I help?

     CU. SASAMI

     She turns around and smiles.

          SASAMI:  Of course!

5    EXT. NEAR CAVE

     Ryoko exits the cave and then turns and looks slowly
around.  She looks back at the cave.

     CU. RYOKO

     She turns her head thoughtfully, while her eyes remain
on the cave.  She turns around again suddenly and vanishes.

6    INT. AYEKA'S BEDROOM (POV)

     Camera hovers directly above Ayeka as she sits.  In
front of her, she manipulates something underneath a small
roof.  The camera sways suggestively and zooms up a bit.

          AYEKA:  (casually)  Lord Tenchi, you know
shouldn't study so hard.  It's such a nice day.

     CU. RYOKO

     Just poking her head through the ceiling, a confused
expression on her face.  She seems about to say something.

     BEDROOM

     Just about where Ayeka is sitting, there is a large
chest where there are stuffed animals and holographic
projections and small globes.  There are tiny drawers
containing crystals and a few shelves with what appear to be
necklaces, headbands and bracelets.

     The chest is opened, and inside the lid, there is an
ornate mirror, framed with crystals and symbols and lit by a
slight golden aura.

     At her feet, there is a glass merry-go-round and a tiny
flute.  Just beside her is a small hairbrush and several
ribbons and tiny clasps.

     Just in front of her is a dollhouse.  'Tenchi' is in
Ayeka's left hand--the figure of a handsome warrior.  The
figure is doggedly ignoring another figure just behind it,
being manipulated in Ayeka's right.  This figure is a young
girl with long hair.  Aside from the dark hair, it looks a
bit more like Sasami than Ayeka, but it is clearly a
princess from the outfit.

     CU. RYOKO

     She emerges a bit, very slowly.  The puzzled expression
deepening.

          RYOKO:  (VO)  What?  I've never seen all this!

     BEDROOM (POV)

     Camera hovering again, just where Ryoko's head would
be, looking straight down.

          AYEKA:  (deep)  I'm sorry, Ayeka, but you know
I've got exams tomorrow.  If I can't recite the seven books
of the Juraiad, I'll fail for sure!

     BEDROOM

     Ryoko flinches in recognition.

          RYOKO:  (VO)  Oh!  This is repulsive!  I think I'm
going to be sick!  Wow!  If only Tenchi could see this!

     Ryoko continues to descend behind Ayeka very slowly.

     CU. AYEKA

     Slowly focus-out to Ryoko, who has her arms crossed,
and looks as if she is about to deliver a scathing insult.

          AYEKA:  (as herself again)  But we belong
together, my love!  We are fated to be together.  We should
spend every waking moment with each other.  You know in your
heart I'm right.

     CU. DOLLS

     They twist and turn to each other gracefully.

          AYEKA:  (OC, deep)  Oh Ayeka!  I know, but I
really must not neglect my duty.  (OC, as herself)  But
Tenchi, I have been neglecting my duties to be with you for
so long!  You owe it to me to at least acknowledge our
destiny together!

     CU. RYOKO

     Her face twists angrily.

     CU. DOLLS

     Another doll--a rather ugly one--appears in Ayeka's
left hand.

          AYEKA:  (OC, harsh)  Hey, Princess!  What do you
think you're doing?

     CU. RYOKO

     Her mouth hanging open.

     BEDROOM

     Ayeka is totally enthralled in her own little drama.
Ryoko is somewhat enthralled by the little plot twist.

          AYEKA:  (herself again)  What does it look like?
Tenchi and I were about to explore our love for each other!

     She takes the warrior doll and wiggles him somewhat
uncertainly.

     CU. AYEKA

     She's just about to add something...

          RYOKO:  (OC, snide)  Love?  What does a princess
know about love?

     Ayeka's eyes widen, and she lets out a little gasp.
She reflexively clutches the princess doll to her chest.
Her face turns beet red.

     BEDROOM

     Ryoko cackles villianously.  Ayeka turns and stands,
trembling in anger and embarrassment.

7    INT. MAIN HALL

     Tenchi sets out some dishes on the table.  Sasami
enters, holding a rather large basket.  A loud thud booms
through the house and a bright flash can be seen through the
window.

     CU. SASAMI

     Her head drops and she sighs.

     CU. TENCHI

     Looks upward, apparently worried.

          TENCHI:  Not again.

8    TITLE:  "KNEE-DEEP IN KARMA"

9    EXT. THEATER

     A large outdoor theater.  It is night and mostly dark.
The theater is half-filled, and there is some type of
musical being performed.  Several men dressed as samurai are
brandishing their weapons musically as a scary snake-like
creature approaches from the other side of the stage.

     CU. LEAD VOCAL

     Singing tragically of his shame of cowardice and how he
must suicidally attack the monster to redeem himself.

     SEATS

     Mihoshi cringes, next to Tenchi.  Ryoko and Sasami sit
on his other side.  Mihoshi reflexively grabs his arm.

          MIHOSHI:  (lugubriously)  Oh no!

          TENCHI:  (in obvious pain)  Hey!  That hurts!

     Ryoko is asleep, and Sasami is wide-eyed with wonder.

     CU. TENCHI

     Looks briefly annoyed and then sighs.

          TENCHI:  (VO)  I know it looks like nothing, but
even the silliest things can be very serious--like whenever
Ayeka and Ryoko are fighting.  It seems silly now, but I
always felt bad about it.  It probably shouldn't have
bothered me so much, but I was just a stupid kid.

10   EXT. OUTSIDE THEATER

     Soon after the musical has ended.  Tenchi and Sasami
are amidst a small throng, on the way out.  People are
walking out along sidewalks, some are biking along.  Most
are just talking in various small groups.

     Sasami stops and picks up Ryo-Ohki.  Tenchi stops and
waits and then takes her hand.

          TENCHI:  Come on Sasami, if we don't get back home
soon, your sister will get worried.

     A peculiar tall man--Suzuki--nearly trips over Tenchi
at the walkway.

          TENCHI:  Oh!  Excuse me.  (he looks up)  Mr.
Suzuki!

11   EXT. WALKWAY

     Suzuki adjusts his glasses and looks down, as a few
people walk past.

          SUZUKI:  Oh, excuse me young man.  Oh!  Mr.
Masaki, how nice to see you!

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (gesturing)  Mr. Suzuki, this is Sasami.
She is the sister of my friend I was telling you about
today.  Sasami, this is Mr. Suzuki.  He is my music history
teacher.

     WALKWAY

     A few people walk past.

          SASAMI:  Hello.

          SUZUKI:  How nice.  To meet you, that is.  (he
clears his throat)  Uh, Mr. Masaki...

          TENCHI:  (nervous)  Yes, Mr. Suzuki?

          SUZUKI:  I'm a little confused.  I thought you
said you and your friend Ayeka were going to come to this
show.  This is her sister?

          TENCHI:  (more nervous)  Uh... yes.  I mean, yes
sir!

          SUZUKI:  Well... I've frankly never heard of this
girl.  You are being completely honest with me?

          TENCHI:  (sweating)  Well...

     CU. SASAMI

     Ryo-Ohki is sitting on Sasami's head.

          SASAMI:  Mr. Suzuki, are you asking if you can
come eat with us?  We would love to have the company!

     CU. TENCHI

     Still sweating, chuckling a little.  He almost seems
about to say something.

     WALKWAY

     People are still coming out of the theater.

          SUZUKI:  (very pleased)  How nice!  But no, I have
to be getting home, myself.  It's very late, you know.
Tenchi!

          TENCHI:  Yes?

          SUZUKI:  I'll see you tomorrow, young man!

          TENCHI:  Yes sir!

     Tenchi sighs in relief as Sasami waves.

          SASAMI:  Goodbye!

     Ryoko and Mihoshi approach.

          MIHOSHI:  It's over already?

          RYOKO:  (annoyed)  Okay, I found her.  You see?
Happy now?

     CU. RYOKO

     She escorts Mihoshi to Tenchi and slumps a bit.

          TENCHI:  (OC)  Sorry, Ryoko.  I was just worried.

          RYOKO:  (looking up)  Can we go now?

     WALKWAY

     Several groups of people walk past.  Ryoko suddenly
grabs Tenchi around the waist and flies off with him.  No
one seems to notice except Sasami.

          SASAMI:  (waving)  See you when we get home!

          MIHOSHI:  (looking up)  Uh... Hey!  Where did they
go?

          SASAMI:  Ryoko is going on ahead.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh.  What?

12   EXT. NEARBY HILL

     Ryoko and Tenchi land.

          TENCHI:  (a little gruff)  You know I hate it when
you do that.

          RYOKO:  (chuckling)  When I do what?

          TENCHI:  Never mind.

13   EXT. SKY SHOT (POV)

     Tilt upwards from where Tenchi sits on the ground,
looking upward.

14   EXT. NEARBY HILL

     Ryoko's hand on Tenchi's shoulder.  Ryoko sits next to
him.

          TENCHI:  I'm worried, Ryoko.  One of these days,
it'll be all over town about you and Ayeka.  You don't
exactly try to keep quiet when you're fighting.  One of
these days the police are going to get involved, you know.

          RYOKO:  I'm not afraid of any police.  Galactic or
otherwise.

          TENCHI:  (nearly upset)  That's just my point!
(sighing)  One of these days, this whole thing will become a
public spectacle.

          RYOKO:  (thoughtful)  Huh?  You think so?

     CU. TENCHI

     He stands again and brushes himself off.

          TENCHI:  Let's just leave it at that.  Could you
two just make amends or something?  I'm sick of it.

     CU. RYOKO

     She looks down and then heaves a huge sigh.

          RYOKO:  Oh, all right.  But I'm only doing this
for you.

     HILL

     Tenchi looking around at Ryoko.

          TENCHI:  You promise?

          RYOKO:  Okay, okay!  I promise!

          TENCHI:  Thank you.  Let's go home now.

15   EXT. CROSSROADS

     Sasami and Mihoshi standing at a crossroads.  Ryo-Ohki
follows.  Mihoshi is looking uncertainly one way and the
other.

          SASAMI:  (pointing)  I think we go this way.

          MIHOSHI:  Are you sure?

     Sasami drags Mihoshi along by the hand.

          MIHOSHI:  I really don't know about this.  Maybe
we should wait and ask for directions.

16   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ayeka and Noboyuki are having a meal.  Yosho enters
with a bottle of sake.

          YOSHO:  (surprised)  Ayeka, weren't you going to
see _The Demon of Rashoman_ with the others?

          AYEKA:  (somewhat stiffly)  As I explained to Lord
Tenchi, sir, I can no longer countenance the presence of
that devil-woman.  If he wishes to speak to me, he can do
so, but not in her company.

     CU. YOSHO

     Merely nods and sits at the table.

          YOSHO:  Ah, I see.

     MAIN HALL

     Tenchi and Ryoko enter the room.

          AYEKA:  Please excuse me.

     Yosho stands.  Ayeka gets up and leaves the room.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  She's still mad?

     CU. YOSHO

     Still holding the sake, managing a shrug with his
hands.

          YOSHO:  I think so.

     He sets the bottle on the table and sits again.

17   EXT. PATH

     Sasami and Mihoshi are walking along a path.  Ryo-Ohki
is sitting on Sasami's shoulder.

          MIHOSHI:  That was a really good show.  Don't you
think so?  I just wish I'd seen the ending.

          SASAMI:  I think we're nearly home...

          MIHOSHI:  Wasn't Ayeka going to come with us?  Is
she all right?

          SASAMI:  Oh.  Well, she's okay.  She just had
another big fight with Ryoko.

          MIHOSHI:  What did they fight about?

          SASAMI:  I'm not sure.  I think Ryoko did
something to her hair last night.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh.

          SASAMI:  All I know for sure is Ayeka got really
mad at Tenchi and said she never wanted to see him again.
Then she started crying, and I think Tenchi got really mad
too.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi didn't say anything, though.  He
just looked kinda sad.

18   EXT. NEAR GATE

     Sasami and Mihoshi stop, just outside the gate.
Ryo-Ohki jumps down from Sasami's shoulder and continues on.

          SASAMI:  (smiling)  I think you like Tenchi, huh?

          MIHOSHI:  Huh?

          SASAMI:  Come on, admit it.  I saw the way you
kept looking at him.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     Her eyes widen and she starts giggling.

     CU. SASAMI

     She starts to giggle, as well.

          SASAMI:  It's okay, I think it's sweet.

19   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     The house framed nicely in the morning sunlight.

20   INT. MAIN HALL

     Sasami, Tenchi, and Mihoshi are just starting to eat.
Noboyuki enters, looking a little flustered.  Ryoko floats
in, looking a little grim.  The scene is a little tense.
Mihoshi seems oblivious, but the others are looking back and
forth between each other in anticipation.

     Washu strides in, as confident as ever.  Everyone else
sighs.

     CU. WASHU

     She frowns and stops.

          WASHU:  What?

     MAIN HALL

     Ayeka enters.  She stops and looks at Ryoko as if
through a microscope, then turns and leaves again.  Tenchi
is staring at Ryoko.

     CU. TENCHI

     He pleads silently with his eyes.

     CU. RYOKO

     Rolls her eyes and slowly leaves the table.

     MAIN HALL

     Ryoko leaves and Yosho enters, looking as calm as ever.

21   EXT. ROOF

     Ryoko sits on the roof, staring into the distance.  She
frowns and disappears.

22   INT. AYEKA'S BEDROOM

     Ayeka is standing at the window in her room.  She hears
a soft knock at the door.  Ayeka slides the door open.

          AYEKA:  From the way everyone else is skulking
about, I can only imagine that you have decided to resolve
this situation between us.  I would invite you in, but you
know I cannot.

          RYOKO:  Yeah, yeah.  Listen Princess, I'm only
here to tell you I won't fight with you anymore.

          AYEKA:  Oh, so you finally admit that you are
inferior.  I could have saved you the trouble.  All you
needed was to fight me fairly.

     CU. RYOKO

     Barely restraining herself, then sighing.

          RYOKO:  Okay, fine.  You win.

     CU. AYEKA

     She almost smiles and then frowns deeply.

          AYEKA:  So why are you here?

     BEDROOM

          RYOKO:  (contralto)  To admit it, okay?  You're
better than me.  Are you happy now?

     Ryoko frowns and narrows her eyes.

          AYEKA:  I accept your admission.  All the more so,
because I know how difficult it must be for you to admit.

     CU. AYEKA

     She smirks in a rather devilish way.

          AYEKA:  (softly)  I also happen to know that this
is a rather transparent attempt on your part to win the
affection of Lord Tenchi.  It won't work, you know.  He
knows which of us is the more worthy.

     BEDROOM

          RYOKO:  (outraged)  Why, you!--

          AYEKA:  (chuckling)  It's tragic, really.  No
matter what you do, you cannot change destiny.  It's simply
a matter of time.

23   EXT. DISTANT HILLSIDE

     Several explosions bursting through the trees.  An
angry scream drifts softly between the explosions.

24   INT. MAIN HALL

     Yosho and Washu are still picking at their breakfast.

          YOSHO:  Yes, she seems much stronger.  I think her
attitude is much improved, as well...

          WASHU:  But you think it's just a facade.

          YOSHO:  (pondering)  No...  But sometimes,
strength does not make one strong...

25   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     The house framed nicely in nightime.

26   EXT. PATH

     Tenchi ascending a long path through the trees.  He's
dressed in a student uniform and carrying a briefcase.  He
pauses and looks aside.

     CU. TENCHI

     Tenchi leans into the shot, looking downward.

     PATH

     Ryo-Ohki bursts through a bush, and nearly knocks
Tenchi over going by.  Sasami follows, waving, as she goes
running by.

          SASAMI:  Hello Tenchi!

     CU. TENCHI

     He recovers his balance and looks up, apparently
relieved.  Continue on his face.  Truck camera backward with
a zoom in, to emphasize a sense of sudden danger.  Tenchi
begins to frown in dawning apprehension.

     PATH

     Nothing more than a bright flash, apparently consuming
Tenchi and then both suddenly disappear.

27   INT. FORTRESS ENTRANCE HALLWAY

     Close-up on a hideous frozen expression, Tenchi's face
marked with scars and bits of blood.  His hair swirls wildly
and a maniacal grin is spread across his face.

     HALLWAY

     Tenchi reels backward from the image of his own face.
His horrified expression turns into puzzled wonder.  Ryoko
appears behind him.

          RYOKO:  (musing)  What do you think, Tenchi?  Too
violent?  Not enough?  Like it?

     CU. TENCHI

     His expression softens, taking in the full effect of
the image.  He then looks around.

          TENCHI:  (matter-of-factly)  It really captures
the attention.  What is this place, Ryoko?

28   INT. HALLWAY

     Low wide-angle lens shot of the hallway curving off
into the distance.  The hallway is lit by torches that
flicker with hazy-blue light.  Several pedestals line the
hallway, each one has a statuette, a glowing red orb of some
kind, or some kind of interesting shape.  At several places
along the walls, images appear.  Some are of Ryo-Ohki or
Ayeka or the others, but most depict Tenchi in one form or
another.

     At one end of the hall is a huge portcullis, behind
which are stairs leading up two sides of the hallway beyond
to two towers.  Behind the towers is a huge, shiny gate with
an imposing-looking mechanism at the center.

     Pan around, and at the other end of the hall is seen a
dimly-lit chamber.  From here, you can just about make out
some chairs at the end of a large table.  Everything else is
obscured in shadow.

          RYOKO:  (sepulcher tones)  This is my new shrine.
These are my works of art.

     CU. TENCHI

     Tenchi looks back toward his own image again.

     CU. IMAGE

     Zoom in slowly on the eyes.

     HALLWAY

     Tenchi appears a little taken-aback.

          RYOKO:  (whispering)  Isn't it strange how you
always linger on the eyes?

     Tenchi looks down in disgust.  Ryoko puts her arm
around him.

          TENCHI:  You're very strange, Ryoko.

          RYOKO:  You're my inspiration.

     Tenchi looks up again and thoughtfully stares at the
image of himself.  After a few beats, Ryoko rolls her eyes,
looks at her wrist and starts tapping her feet.

          RYOKO:  (clearly impatient)  Okay, okay!  You've
seen enough of this!  Come and see the rest.

29   INT. HALLWAY

     Quick montage of Ryoko showing Tenchi her works.
Images, sculpture and varied curious jewels etched with
runes.  All of them seem to evoke a sense of cynical
longing, framed with fearful contexts.

30   INT. HALLWAY

     Ryoko drags Tenchi by the hand to another image.  She
looks especially eager.

          RYOKO:  This is the latest piece.  You've just got
to see this...

     CU. IMAGE

     Zoom out from behind the two out of an especially
detailed image.  A starry sky over a field framed by
silhouettes of the heads of Tenchi and Ryoko.  Faint clouds
hover off in the distance, drawing the eyes toward a small
constellation of stars that suggest the figures of two
people sitting side-by-side.

          RYOKO:  (almost euphoric)  I call it 'Dream of
Immortality.'  (clears her throat)  Or 'Lovers Forever'...
Whichever one you prefer.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (clearly impressed)  Wow.  I had no idea
you had such a talent for art.

     CU. RYOKO

     She's straining to keep from grinning.

          TENCHI:  (OC)  It's so real-looking.  So peaceful
and beautiful.  I feel like I'm about to fall into that sky.

          AYEKA:  (OC)  Yes, I have to admit, it's very
remarkable.

     Ryoko's shocked expression is almost audible.

     HALLWAY

     Tenchi and Ayeka continue to stare at the image.  Ryoko
is trembling with anger.

          AYEKA:  (continuing smoothly)  Notice how she
combines the existential so seemlessly with the homage to
superstition?  I wouldn't have thought it possible from one
who is so... barbaric and uncultured.

          TENCHI:  (uncertainly)  I'm not sure I see what
you mean...

          RYOKO:  What are you doing here!?

          AYEKA:  At the moment, admiring your handiworks.
I would have thought you'd be flattered.

     CU. RYOKO

     She brandishes her fist.

          RYOKO:  How did you even find this place!?  Who
told you you could come here?

     HALLWAY

     Ryoko is glaring at Ayeka.  Ayeka turns to Ryoko.

          AYEKA:  (smug)  I don't need a map to know that
monsters always have their lairs.  It was obvious that you
needed one somewhat nearby, and it is.  It was simple logic
that led me here.  Now, you need not be so angry.  I rather
think you've done a fine job.

     CU. AYEKA

     Looks thoughtfully around.

          AYEKA:  Dreadful lighting, though.  I would have
thought you would want dark red and cyan to fit your
personality better.

     HALLWAY

     Ryoko gently pushes Tenchi out of the way.

          RYOKO:  (bitterly)  All right, Princess.  You want
a fight.  You've got one.  Let's go.

          AYEKA:  Hmm?  And just this morning you said you
would not.  Why am I not surprised?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (worried)  Ryoko, you promised you
wouldn't fight.

     CU. RYOKO

     She frowns for a moment and then abruptly smirks.

          RYOKO:  (very smoothly)  I never did any such
thing.

     HALLWAY

          TENCHI:  But--

          AYEKA:  (triumphant)  Hah!  And you break your
oaths, too!

          RYOKO:  Enough talking!  It's time to fight!

          TENCHI:  Hey!

31   INT. LARGE CHAMBER (elaborate establishing shot)

     Chamber mentioned previously.  Compose on Ayeka and
Ryoko, facing each other.  Each has a sword and a long
dagger.  Pan the camera slowly across the room.

     They are standing within a large circle, just slightly
raised from the floor.  Beyond the circle are several rows
of ornate benches, each one framed with floor lamps on long,
thin posts.  The lamps glow a severe white light.

     Off to the side is a long table.  The table has three
straight chairs at each narrow end.  The long ends have
three reclined benches, each.  The table is lit by an
elaborate chandelier.

     Between the table and the circle are several smaller
tables.  Most are bare, but a few have books, toys, various
tools and curious-looking devices.  On one side of each
table is a small crystal, glowing softly with a bluish
light.  On the other side of each table is a small banner,
depicting some elaborate symbols (unreadable, as they are
furled).

     Along the walls are ornate doors, each one with a huge,
primitive handle, hinged from the opposite side.  Between
several of the doors are cases.  Each case is made of opaque
crystal all around except for in front.  The fronts are
glass, with small catches, which apparently allow the fronts
to slide open.

     Within the cases are treasures of every imaginable
type.  There are jewels, gems, necklaces, artifacts, idols,
scepters, weapons, fancy shoes and gloves, bottles of
liquids, crowns and various glowing orbs of all different
colors.

32   INT. LARGE CHAMBER (ring)

     CU. RYOKO

     She flexes and hops, slightly.

     CU. AYEKA

     She pulls on gloves, a sneer of disdain on her lips as
she considers Ryoko.

     CHAMBER (near hallway)

     Tenchi enters and looks over toward the circle.  He
looks all around the room, rather wide-eyed.

     CHAMBER (ring)

     Ryoko goes into a basic martial crouch, and rocks back
and forth.

          AYEKA:  (patronizing)  The stakes are pretty high.
You're certain you want to duel in a fair fight with me?

          RYOKO:  (snickering)  I'm game if you are,
Princess.  Anyway, I have the odds.  Are you trying to back
out of your deal?

     CU. TENCHI

     He approaches, looking a little perplexed.

     CHAMBER (ring)

          AYEKA:  (feigned moroseness)  I suppose you'll
want a few warm-up hits.  It matters little to me.

          RYOKO:  (viciously)  Stop stalling!  Let's go!

     CU. RYOKO

     She yells and makes a bold feint.

33   INT. LARGE CHAMBER (Tenchi)

     Yosho has appeared, as if out of thin air.  He puts his
hand on Tenchi's shoulder very gently.  Tenchi flinches
slightly.

     CU. YOSHO

     Speaking in Tenchi's ear.

          YOSHO:  (very softly)  Tenchi, I want you to look
at their feet.

     CHAMBER (Tenchi and Yosho)

          TENCHI:  Huh?

          YOSHO:  Yes...  Notice how they seem to glide
along almost effortlessly.

     CU. AYEKA

     A snarl of victory crosses her face.

          AYEKA:  A hit!

     CHAMBER (ring)

     Ryoko reels slightly in outrage.

          RYOKO:  No way!  Not even close!

34   INT. LARGE CHAMBER (Tenchi and Yosho)

     Yosho looks around and raises an eyebrow, suggestively.

          WASHU:  (OC)  That was a hit, all right.

     Pan over to Washu and Sasami.

          WASHU:  Score one-nothing for the princess!

          SASAMI:  (ecstatic)  Yea!  Let's go, Ayeka!

     CU. RYOKO

     Still recovering.

          RYOKO:  Hey!  No fair!  Where's my cheering
section?

     CHAMBER (Washu and Sasami)

          WASHU:  Don't worry, Ryoko!  I'm getting it all on
video.

     She turns to Sasami and winks.

          WASHU:  I'm asking for a percentage of the
pay-per-view royalties.

     CU. TENCHI

     Dizzy with confusion.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  (very matter-of-factly)  Remember what I
keep telling you?  It's all in your feet.

     CU. AYEKA

     They go back and forth, moving very quickly.  Ayeka
advances and forces Ryoko right to the edge of the circle.

          AYEKA:  I have you, demon!

     CU. RYOKO

     She smirks and narrows her eyes.

          RYOKO:  (softly)  I won't be defeated this easily.

     CU. TENCHI

     His eyes widen as Ryoko yells another challenge (OC).

          TENCHI:  (clearly impressed)  Hey, wow!  (he
turns)  Did you see that, Grandpa?

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  (a little annoyed)  Yes, Tenchi, but pay
attention.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (thoughtful)  That Ayeka fights rather
rhythmically, don't you think?

35   INT. LARGE CHAMBER (Tenchi and Yosho)

     Yosho ponders as Tenchi's eyes move with the action.

          YOSHO:  Hmm...  Yes.  It is the technique the way
they taught it in those days.  It's a dance, really.

          TENCHI:  A fighter's dance?  How is that possible?

          YOSHO:  That was before they began to stress
balance, Tenchi.  It is a very old technique.  This is the
way most of us were taught to fight.

     CHAMBER (fight shot)

     Above and somewhat wide-angle of the circle.  Ayeka and
Ryoko are battling fiercely.  Each feinting, weaving,
dodging and ducking just in time to miss a hit, until one
particularly agile motion gives Ayeka a very clear hit on
Ryoko.

     CU. SASAMI

     She immediately cheers.

          WASHU:  (OC)  Two-nothing for the princess.

     CHAMBER (Washu and Sasami)

          WASHU:  Watch out, Ryoko.  You're two away from
getting beat.

     CU. RYOKO

     Collecting herself--she takes both weapons in her right
hand and blows softly into her left.  She then returns her
dagger to her left.

          RYOKO:  Don't worry.  I'll win.  No one has ever
beaten me in a fair fight.

     CU. AYEKA

     A ready quip on her lips.

          AYEKA:  No.  I suspect you've never been in a fair
fight.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Very funny, Princess--but it won't change
the outcome.

     She yells and charges forward.

36   INT. LARGE CHAMBER (Tenchi and Yosho)

          YOSHO:  Ryoko has marvellous delivery.  You have
to admit that.  I've never seen a swing delivered so
cleanly.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  She has special eyes.  She sees things a
lot faster than most people.  I think she's just toying with
Ayeka.

     CHAMBER (Tenchi and Yosho)

          YOSHO:  Hmm...  Perhaps.  It never pays to
underestimate the Jurai technique, though.  (somewhat
proudly)  Ayeka fights with a brilliant mastery of it.

     Tenchi almost immediately flinches with disgust.

          TENCHI:  Hey, what was that?

     CHAMBER (ring)

     Ryoko has caught Ayeka in mid-swing.  Ryoko looks a
little confused for a moment, and then snarls.

          SASAMI:  (OC)  Oh no!  Hey, Ayeka?

          RYOKO:  (grim)  How dare you?  A pity point?

     CU. WASHU

     Rolls her eyes and shrugs.

          WASHU:  (contralto)  Whoa!  Didn't see that
coming.  Two-one for the princess.

     CHAMBER (ring)

     Ayeka's gloved hand is covering a smirk.

          RYOKO:  You'll regret that.

          AYEKA:  (a little unsure)  Oh, certainly.

37   INT. LARGE CHAMBER (Tenchi and Yosho)

          YOSHO:  (sadly)  Tenchi, if I ever catch you like
that, I'll give you a good bump to remind you.

          TENCHI:  (absently rubbing his head)  I can't
believe she left her guard wide-open like that.

          YOSHO:  Very foolish.

     CU. RYOKO

     Her snarl of anger slowly turns to a grimace.

     CHAMBER (spectator shot)

     Slow pan between medium facing-shot of Tenchi and Yosho
to Washu and Sasami.  All look serious and thoughtful except
for Sasami who clearly looks worried.

     CHAMBER (fight shot)

     Ryoko advances on Ayeka with several bold moves.  Ayeka
pivots and Ryoko advances again.

     CU. AYEKA

     Her eyes narrow and she scowls.

     CHAMBER (fight shot)

     Ayeka and Ryoko go back-and-forth again, neither one
advancing much.  Ryoko then opens her guard, just slightly,
as if daring Ayeka to go for a lunge.  Ayeka stays in her
rhythm, and Ryoko continues to advance.

38   INT. LARGE CHAMBER (Tenchi and Yosho)

          TENCHI:  (softly)  What is she doing?

          YOSHO:  Just watch, Tenchi.

     CU. AYEKA

     Her scowl has deepened, and she grits her teeth.

     CU. WASHU

     She sighs and looks down.

     CHAMBER (ring)

     Slow-motion shot of Ayeka angrily lunging for Ryoko's
slightly open guard.

     CU. AYEKA'S LUNGE

     Very narrowly missing.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (disapproval)  I see.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  Yes, Tenchi.  Never lose your temper.  Now
you see why I train you all the time.

39   INT. LARGE CHAMBER (Washu and Sasami)

          WASHU:  (still looking down)  Two-all.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Game point for me, Ayeka.  You sure you
want to continue?  I'll understand if you want to concede.

     CU. AYEKA

     Slowly starting to recover her composure.

          AYEKA:  (furious)  Not on your life!

     CHAMBER (ring)

     Low long-shot of the circle as Ryoko and Ayeka return
to their fight, advancing and retreating a few times.

     CU. TENCHI

     Somewhat puzzled.  Zoom out to two-shot with Yosho, who
very slowly begins to smile.

     CHAMBER (Washu and Sasami)

     Washu looks up and begins to look thoughtful again.
Sasami's look of worry slowly turns to an eager look of
exhortation.

40   INT. LARGE CHAMBER (ring)

     Ryoko advances and seems to lose her footing, slightly.

     CU. RYOKO

     She looks very surprised.

     CU. AYEKA

     She is paralyzed with a mild shock.

     CHAMBER (ring)

     Ryoko lunges to get her balance.

     CU. TENCHI

     His eyes widen.

          TENCHI:  (nearly breathless)  I saw it, and I
still don't believe it.

     CU. WASHU

     She grins and folds her arms.

          WASHU:  Three-two, Ryoko.  Game, set and match!

     CU. RYOKO

     Ryoko still looks a little surprised.  She puts away
her weapons calmly and starts to walk away.  Pan to Ayeka
who is trembling in anger.

          AYEKA:  (stunned)  No...  No.  It can't end like
this.  I forbid it!

41   INT. LARGE CHAMBER (Tenchi and Yosho)

     Yosho rolls his eyes and begins to advance toward the
circle.

     CHAMBER (ring)

     Ayeka goes after Ryoko and then stops just short.

          AYEKA:  (very firm)  I accuse you of being a
coward and a cheat!  I challenge you to fight me to the
death!

     Ryoko turns and smirks, not even deigning to respond.
Yosho enters the shot and puts a hand on Ayeka's shoulder.

          YOSHO:  Ayeka...

          AYEKA:  (grief and outrage)  I will not be cheated
out of my destiny!

     CU. WASHU

     Looking around curiously.

          WASHU:  Hmm...

     CHAMBER (ring)

     Yosho faces Ayeka.  Ryoko sticks out her tongue.

          YOSHO:  (very gently)  Ayeka.  I know how you
feel, but this isn't the time or the place.  Just look
around you.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (snide)  Very graceful in defeat, I see.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (pleading)  Ayeka...

     CHAMBER (ring)

     Ayeka turns and looks toward Sasami.  Grief and outrage
are still apparent on her face as she hugs Yosho and begins
to sob.

42   INT. LARGE CHAMBER (Tenchi)

     He sighs and looks down, scratching his head absently.

     CHAMBER (ring)

     Ryoko is standing aside, just starting to frown.  Ayeka
collects herself and pulls away, but she cannot look up.
She is bright red with shame.

          YOSHO:  (comfortingly)  Besides, you know we are
forbidden by Jurai law to fight to the death without
approval.

          AYEKA:  (still unsteady)  Yes.  I had forgotten.
I have been away from Jurai for too long.

     Pan to Tenchi as he approaches.  He seems a bit
confused.

          TENCHI:  I hate to be a nuisance, but I don't
understand.  What were you fighting about?

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (grinning)  Silly boy, we were fighting
over you!

     CHAMBER (ring)

          AYEKA:  (muttering)  Just keep gloating,
mummy-woman.

          YOSHO:  Hey!  No need to leave right away.  Wait
until tomorrow.

     Tenchi stops.  Ryoko appears behind him, silently.

          TENCHI:  Leave?

          RYOKO:  (softly)  Yes, Tenchi.  The loser leaves
the Earth forever.  Those were the stakes.

          TENCHI:  Seems like an awful lot on a little duel.

     Washu joins the shot with Sasami.

          WASHU:  A little duel?  Only the fight of the
century!

          SASAMI:  (to Tenchi)  Is Ayeka all right?

          RYOKO:  Oh, don't worry.  She only hurt her pride.

     CU. RYOKO

     She smiles and ponders for a moment.

          RYOKO:  (VO)  Hmm...  No, too soon.

43   EXT. A LARGE CITY

     Airships fill the skies of a city at night.  Tall
buildings fill the horizon with a soft glow in the distance.

44   EXT. MUSEUM

     A large, oval-shaped building with several large
windows.  A few people are walking by.  Within the building,
it is mostly darkened.  A uniformed figure carrying a
flashlight goes by one window.

45   INT. UPPER HALLWAY

     The hallway is lined with paintings and little stands
bearing plaques.  Each plaque gives a short description, the
title, the artist name and a date.  The light from the
figure's flashlight bobs up and down slowly into the shot as
the figure approaches.

     The uniformed figure glances around casually, obviously
not expecting to see anything.  He approaches an
intersection and takes a quick glance.

     CU. UNIFORMED FIGURE

     In dim light.  He pulls some small box from a pocket
and takes a tiny cylinder out.  He sticks it in his mouth
and is just about to light it when he hears something--a
soft but distinct pop! emanating from somewhere in the
darkness.

     INT. A NEARBY BOOKCASE

     Three shadowy figures, hiding next to a bookcase.  The
figure in front is holding out an arm, as if to keep them
back.

     CU. UNIFORMED FIGURE

     Holding a lighter just short of his cigarette.  He is
caught in mid-motion for a moment.  He then shrugs and
lights it, continuing down the hall as he blows some smoke.
Follow motion for about three or four steps.

     BOOKCASE

     The first shadowy figure emerges into a medium-shot of
the bookcase.  The figure is clearly a woman wearing a beret
and dark clothing.  The second figure is a man with long,
dark hair, tied into a pony-tail under a dark fedora.  A
third figure emerges a bit more slowly--a woman dressed in a
monk's robe with the hood up.

     CU. FIRST FIGURE

     Close-up on the first figure, who is chewing something.
She snorts softly to herself and blows a bubble.

46   INT. UPPER HALLWAY

     The figures walk out into the hallway.  Another pop!
breaks the silence as they go toward the paintings.

          FIRST FIGURE:  (very softly)  Come on.

     CU. FIRST PAINTING

     The plaque gives a title:  "Nice, Sunny Day."  It
describes the painting as the first and only painting sold
by a particular artist during his lifetime.  It describes
the unique sense of space that the painting creates in the
viewer's mind and how it was obviously painted as a way to
mark a successful endeavor in the field of acting to which
the artist also belonged.

     A hand quickly appears and takes the painting.

     HALLWAY

     The first figure puts the painting in a large case,
carried by the third figure.  The second figure looks
around, cautiously.  The first figure touches him on the
arm, and they continue to the next painting.

     CU. SECOND PAINTING

     "A Princess Waves Goodbye" is its title.  It depicts
the departure of a large sea-vessel.  A woman standing at
the dock holds a fan in one hand and waves with the other.
The plaque describes it as a very old painting whose
authorship is still being debated, but conventional
reasoning names a specific, relatively unknown artist.

     HALLWAY

     First figure pauses for a moment to look at the
painting, as if assessing its worth.  She then shrugs and
takes it.

     CU. THIRD PAINTING

     "Dream of Futility."  It is an abstract work by a
modern, living artist whose works are intended to shock and
beguile audiences.  It appears to be a rendering of Vishnu,
surrounded by clouds and lightning.  Snakes appear to grow
from his hands, and the snakes have entangled themselves
among each other.  They appear to be trying to bite each
other.

     CU. FIRST FIGURE

     She is a little taken-aback by this painting.  She
seems about to leave it, but then decides to take it.

47   INT. UPPER HALLWAY

     The first figure takes the painting.  The uniformed
figure suddenly appears from the shadows with a weapon
ready.

          UNIFORMED FIGURE:  Hold it!  Don't move, or I'll
shoot.

     CU. UNIFORMED FIGURE

     Taking out a small device from a belt loop and
activating it.  Alarms and lights go off, and the figure
nods after a short beep from the device.

     HALLWAY

     Uniformed figure keeps his eyes firmly on the others as
he pushes another button on the device.

          UNIFORMED FIGURE:  Unit seven to unit four, have
suspects in the upper third floor gallery.  Inform...

     The uniformed figure suddenly falls over.  The second
figure appears to have moved, and is holding a short baton
in his hands.

          SECOND FIGURE:  (to third figure)  Leave them.
They'll just slow us down.

     Third figure pauses.  Other uniformed figures are
approaching quickly from the other end of the hall.

          FIRST FIGURE:  (calmly)  There's no time to debate
this.  Through the window.

48   EXT. MUSUEM

     The upper floor window explodes outward.  The three
figures leap through.

49   EXT. MUSEUM (perspective)

     High, falling-shot.  The ground quickly approaches.

50   EXT. STREET (near museum)

     A fancy-looking car is waiting.  The three figures
enter the shot and leap into the car.  The second figure has
lost his fedora.

51   INT. CAR

     The three figures are in the front of the car.  The
first figure is driving and the third is pressing buttons on
a console in front of the passenger side.  The second is in
between, preparing to crawl into the back seat.

52   EXT. STREET

     The car as it lurches forward.

53   INT. CAR

     The second figure has crawled into the back seat and is
assembling some type of weapon, twisting catches to attach
one end of the device to another.

          SECOND FIGURE:  I really hate this.

          FIRST FIGURE:  Hey!  This should be fun.

54   EXT. STREET

     Several other cars are following the first car in close
pursuit.  Shots are fired at the first car and ricochet off
the windows.

55   INT. CAR

     The third figure is still impossible to discern from
the hood being up.  She examines the visual screen.  A small
tactical display has zoomed into view.

          THIRD FIGURE:  (softly)  They're going to catch
us.

     CU. FIRST FIGURE

     Just about ready to laugh.

          FIRST FIGURE:  In their dreams!

     CU. SECOND FIGURE

     Closes his eyes for a moment.

          SECOND FIGURE:  (murmurs)  Sorry...

56   EXT. STREET

     The pursuing cars are gaining ground, continuing to
volley their shots at the first car's windows, wheels, and
trunk.  One car suddenly flies into the air and crashes off
to the side, violently ripping away its top and catching
fire.

57   INT. CAR

     The first figure clenches her hand in triumph while the
second sighs, sullen.

          FIRST FIGURE:  Yeah!  Take that, you worms!

     CU. THIRD FIGURE

          THIRD FIGURE:  (softly)  We should have left the
artwork behind.  Now, they'll be able to track us.

     CU. FIRST FIGURE

          FIRST FIGURE:  (snarling)  Well, you're the
tactician.  Think of something!

     CU. SECOND FIGURE

          SECOND FIGURE:  (nervous)  Let's not do anything
stupid, okay?

58   EXT. STREET

     The car leaves the city with several other cars still
in pursuit.  An airship approaches.

59   EXT. INTERSECTION (following first car)

     First car skids off the road onto a dirt track.  The
car is suddenly engulfed in the forest.  The car takes a
path up into the hills for a short way and then disappears
into a small tunnel.

60   EXT. INTERSECTION

     Two of the pursuing cars continue onto the dirt track.
The others stay at the intersection.

61   EXT. TUNNEL

     Six cars come out and go back down the path.

62   EXT. FOREST SHOT

     Long overhead-shot of the decoy cars heading off in
different directions.

63   EXT. TUNNEL

     The opening quickly closes and a holographic image of a
rock face flickers to life, making it indistiguishable from
the rest of the hill.

64   INT. TUNNEL

     The three figures are waiting, while the car in front
of them changes into a spaceship.

          SECOND FIGURE:  We only have a few moments before
they catch on.

          FIRST FIGURE:  Plenty of time!  Let's go,
everybody!  Get in!

     CU. SPACESHIP

     Door slides open.

     TUNNEL

     The second and third figures enter the ship.

          SECOND FIGURE:  Come on!

     First figure is taking a shoulder-belt, loaded with
weapons.

          SECOND FIGURE:  (OC)  Hey!  What are you waiting
for?

     CU. FIRST FIGURE

     She smiles and takes out a device.  She presses a
button.

     CU. SPACESHIP

     The door snaps shut.

     TUNNEL

     The first figure is running toward the entrance.
Several loud explosions thunder through the tunnel.

          FIRST FIGURE:  (grimly)  Get going or I'll die for
nothing!

65   INT. SPACESHIP

     The second figure watches a display of the first figure
leaving the tunnel.

          THIRD FIGURE:  (softly)  We really should leave.

66   EXT. NEAR HILLSIDE

     The first figure stops for a moment and looks around.

          FIRST FIGURE:  (mournfully)  Get going, already.

67   EXT. ABOVE FOREST

     Airships get hit by bullets.  They fire back.

68   EXT. FOREST SIDE

     The first figure disappears into the forest.

69   EXT. HILLSIDE

     The spaceship explodes through the top and shoots off
into a circular energy field.

70   INT. SPACESHIP

     The third figure is still impossible to discern, but
she puts her hand on his shoulder.

          THIRD FIGURE:  I'm sorry.  But you know, it was
the only way.

71   INT. TENCHI'S BEDROOM

     Tenchi is slumped over a desk.  His eyes open, and he
very slowly looks down at the books his head was laying on.
He stands and stretches.  Some curious thuds and voices are
wafting through the air.  With a somewhat perplexed look,
Tenchi leaves the room.

72   INT. MAIN HALL

     Sasami and Ryoko are playing a video game.  Tenchi
enters slowly.

          SASAMI:  I win again!  That's twelve to five.

          RYOKO:  Stupid game.  I swear, my controller isn't
working right.  Hey, Tenchi.

          TENCHI:  Oh, hello.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  I'm beating her silly!

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  I'm letting her win.

     MAIN HALL

     Sasami stands next to Tenchi.  Ryoko slowly stands,
rubbing her eyes.

          SASAMI:  No way!  I'd be skunking you, but
Ryo-Ohki distracted me.

          TENCHI:  Uh... Sasami, shouldn't you be asleep
right now?

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (yawning)  Yeah.  You should quit while
you're still ahead.

     CU. SASAMI

     She rolls her eyes and smiles.

          SASAMI:  I better go to bed, or Ayeka will start
to get worried.

73   INT. MAIN HALL

     Sasami starts to leave, and then drags Tenchi along
with her.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi, come on!  It's rude to let me
walk all alone in the middle of the night, you know.

          TENCHI:  (a little flustered)  Oh, all right.

     Ayeka enters as Sasami and Tenchi are leaving.

          AYEKA:  Oh, good evening, Lord Tenchi.

     CU. AYEKA

     Carrying a bottle of sake.  She pauses for a moment,
then continues toward the table.

          AYEKA:  I could not sleep.  I'm a little surprised
to see you here.

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Ayeka places the bottle on the table and sits.  Ryoko
stands just off to the side.

          RYOKO:  Where did you think I would be?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (smiling)  You know, nothing you say could
upset me, now.  I am immune to your snide remarks.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (a little perturbed)  Hey, I was just
trying to be polite.

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Ayeka begins to pour some sake for herself.  She
narrows her eyes a bit.

          AYEKA:  (softly)  Don't I know it.  (kindly)
Would you like some of this, or are you off to bed?

     Ryoko looks hesitant for a moment, then sits and pours
herself some sake.

          AYEKA:  I know you are worried about my departure
plans, but you need not be.  I have already arranged
transports.

          RYOKO:  Oh?

          AYEKA:  (sighing)  Mihoshi owes me a favor and
will take me as far as the preserve station.  From there,
I've arranged for a Jurai ship to take me home.  They were
quite eager to help.

          RYOKO:  (nodding)  You sound like you have it all
worked out.

          AYEKA:  You know I cannot arrange for anything
faster.

          RYOKO:  (laughing)  Hey, Princess!  Take it easy.
One way or another, you know.

     CU. AYEKA

     She scowls and slams her fist on the table.

          AYEKA:  I had you, you know.

     CU. RYOKO

     Ryoko is still grinning.

     MAIN HALL

          AYEKA:  Why are you so happy?  Still gloating, I
suppose.

          RYOKO:  (laughing again)  No, not really.

          AYEKA:  Then why are you laughing?

          RYOKO:  It's just...  This is silly, but you know,
I've always felt like I could confide in you.  We always
seem to have these moments where we just sit and talk.

          AYEKA:  It's probably just the sake...

          RYOKO:  No.  Not at all...  Hey...

     CU. RYOKO

     Turning her head toward the door.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (smiling)  Tenchi!  You want some sake
also?

     CU. DOOR

          TENCHI:  (OC)  Oh!  Uh...  No, thanks.  I was just
heading for bed.

     MAIN HALL

     Two-shot of Ayeka and Ryoko.  Ryoko laughs as Ayeka
tries to hide a grin.

74   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     The house framed once again in nice morning sunlight.

75   EXT. LAUNCH FIELD

     Mihoshi's cruiser is standing.  Mihoshi is there in her
GP uniform.  Ayeka and Sasami are there.  Washu arrives a
moment after Ayeka and Sasami.  Yosho is just behind,
strolling along as if nothing in the world were happening.

76   EXT. NEAR CRUISER

          MIHOSHI:  I'm all set to go...  uh...  I think.

     She starts to look around at the ship, and then gasps.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh my!  This can't be good.

     She goes over to the ship and opens the hatch.  The
hatch shuts again on its own.

          AYEKA:  (sighing)  I suppose we should be grateful
we haven't crashed yet.

     Washu enters.

          WASHU:  I just wanted to wish you a safe journey.

          SASAMI:  Oh, that's so sweet!

          WASHU:  Oh, I also went back and studied the
record I made of the fight.  I computed a ninety-seven-point-
three percent probability that you were destined to lose, so
you shouldn't feel too bad about it.

          AYEKA:  (sullen)  Oh, thank you.  I feel much
better, now.

     Yosho enters.

          YOSHO:  Ayeka.  It was nice to have you here.  I
wish you could return...

          AYEKA:  I cannot, my brother.  I made a vow.  Much
as I might hate it, I cannot go back on my vows.

          YOSHO:  Ah, I see.  Well, goodbye then.

     CU. TENCHI

     Straining to carry a pile of luggage.

          TENCHI:  (annoyed)  I don't see why no one else
can carry some of this.

77   EXT. NEAR CRUISER

     Ayeka hugs Yosho and he returns it gently.

          AYEKA:  I shall miss you, my brother!

     CU. YOSHO

     Smiling and consoling.

          YOSHO:  I will, as well.

     NEAR CRUISER

     The group continues hugging and saying farewells.
Mihoshi is struggling with her ship.  Tenchi, exhausted,
drops the luggage nearby.  Ryoko appears well off to the
side, looking a little disgusted.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     She looks around triumphantly and waves.

          MIHOSHI:  Hey, I got it!

     The hatch opens on her head and knocks her silly.

78   EXT. ANOTHER FIELD

     A field surrounded by forest.  Ryoko enters.

     CU. RYOKO

     She scans all around.  She looks down and smiles.

          RYOKO:  There you are!

     FIELD

     Ryoko picks up Ryo-Ohki.

          RYOKO:  Hey, you missed out on all the fun.
Didn't you want to say goodbye?

     CU. RYO-OHKI

     Looks about as sad as possible.

     CU. RYOKO

     She hugs Ryo-Ohki close.

          RYOKO:  Oh, I know.  I'm so sorry.

79   EXT. MASAKI SHRINE

     Shrouded in evening twilight.

     CU. DOOR

     It slides open and Yosho looks thoughtfully around, and
then up.

80   EXT. SKY

     A shooting star plunges from the sky.  A moment later,
a bit of thunder rolls across the fields.

81   EXT. SHRINE, CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  (to himself)  Hmm...  An actual landing?

82   EXT. DISTANT FORESTED HILLS

     A couple of beats pass in perfect silence.  Then, a
huge explosion goes up that shakes the ground.

83   EXT. SHRINE, CU. YOSHO

     He sighs and returns to the shrine.

84   EXT. PATH

     Tenchi is returning from school.

85   INT. MAIN HALL

     Washu, Noboyuki and Yosho are sitting at the table.

     CU. DOOR

     Tenchi opens door and enters.

     MAIN HALL

          TENCHI:  (respectfully)  Hello, Grandpa.  Hello,
Dad.  Hello, Little Washu.

          YOSHO: (turning)  Oh, hello there Tenchi.  We were
just talking about you.

          TENCHI:  (laughing a bit half-heartedly)  Oh?

          YOSHO:  Don't worry.  We hear you are doing well
in school.  Not working too hard, I hope?

          TENCHI:  (flustered)  Oh?  No, of course not!

          WASHU:  Come here and sit down, Tenchi.  I made a
nice meal today.

          TENCHI:  You did?

     CU. TENCHI

     He goes to sit down.

          TENCHI:  Hey, where's Ryoko?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (smirking)  I sent her to get some
supplies and help out with a little problem.

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Tenchi sits and begins to take some food.

          TENCHI:  A problem?  What happened?  Nothing
serious, I hope.

          NOBOYUKI:  Mihoshi had a little accident.  We
fixed her up, but there's only so much first aid in the
medicine cabinet.

          TENCHI:  Huh?

     Pan over to door, where Mihoshi enters.  Her wrists are
wrapped and she is walking with a crutch.  She is seriously
favoring her left leg.

          MIHOSHI:  I'm sorry to be such a bother, but my
leg's really starting to hurt.  Oh, Tenchi!  Hello!

     CU. TENCHI

     He's about to eat.

          TENCHI:  Hello, Mihoshi.  Boy, you really look
like you took a bad spill.

     MAIN HALL

          MIHOSHI:  (smiling)  Oh yeah.

     Ryoko enters behind Mihoshi with a small sack and
nearly bowls her over, getting to the table.

          RYOKO:  Hey!  What's for dinner?  I'm starving!

     CU. TENCHI

     He looks down and sighs.

86   EXT. SPACE STATION

     The Solar System Preserve Station, hung amongst the
stars in the void of space.  A couple of ships are on the
outer docks.

87   INT. DINGY QUARTERS

     Ayeka and Sasami with their luggage.  They both look
very bored and sleepy, lying in their cots.

          AYEKA:  (wistful)  I know I've said this before,
but space stations are never quite as nice as they make them
seem.

     Sasami murmurs in apparent agreement.

          AYEKA:  You can never get a good meal or a nice
bath.

     A few beats go by.

          AYEKA:  The staff is always horridly rude.

     Sasami sighs and rolls over.

          SASAMI:  I know, I miss everything already.

          AYEKA:  (thoughtful)  You know, Sasami, I've been
thinking.  I don't care what anyone says.  We make our own
decisions.  We aren't just playthings for the whim of fate.
We decide where we are going.

     A few more beats go by.

          AYEKA:  In fact, I think people should take more
responsibility for their own actions.  The universe would be
a happier place if they did.  Of course...  I know, I'm just
being silly.  I can't deny my fate has brought me here.  And
what's to hope for in life without a destiny?

          SASAMI:  Ayeka?  What are you talking about?

          AYEKA:  Sasami, I've come to a decision.  My fate
has brought me here.

          SASAMI:  Yes...

          AYEKA:  Fate will decide for me.  If I was meant
to go, I'll go.  If I was meant to leave, then I'll leave.
You can decide for yourself, of course.

     Sasami chokes a little, hardly able to breathe, she is
so nervous.

          AYEKA:  The next ship that leaves--I'll leave with
it, no matter where it goes.

     Back to medium-shot.  A few more beats go by.

          SASAMI:  (softly)  You want a sign from fate?

          AYEKA:  Yes.  That is what I've decided.

     CU. DOOR

     The door-chime goes off.

     CU. AYEKA

     She starts to sit up.

          AYEKA:  (nervously)  Yes?  What is it?

     CU. DOOR

     The door slides open and a station officer appears.

          OFFICER:  Uh...  Your highness, we just received
this urgent communique.  It is from the _Dreadnought_.

     CU. AYEKA

     Ayeka is clearly alarmed.  She hurriedly stands.

          AYEKA:  Urgent!  What is it?  What do they say?

     CU. OFFICER

          OFFICER:  (a little flustered)  Uh...  Well, they
say that they were forced to cancel their rendezvous with
the Castalian diplomat.  They say that they are headed
directly here and should arrive within the hour.

     CU. AYEKA

     Ayeka looks a little confused for a moment and then
pales.

          AYEKA:  (shaky)  Thank you very much, you may go
now.

     CU. OFFICER

     He wipes away some sweat and leaves.

     QUARTERS

     Ayeka lays back down, and Sasami sits up.

          SASAMI:  (very worried)  Ayeka, what does it mean?

          AYEKA:  (barely able to speak)  It means I am a
fool.

88   EXT. OUTER SHRINE STEPS

     Morning sunshine on a long set of steps.  Tenchi is
sweeping.

     CU. TENCHI

     Giddy with contentment.  He stops and looks around,
taking a long, deep breath.  He begins to whistle.

          TENCHI:  (VO)  Whenever I'm in a good mood, it's
always an ill omen.  I didn't know it then, but something
appalling always seems to happen just when I'm starting to
enjoy my life again.

89   EXT. HIGH ABOVE STEPS

     Ryoko appears out of thin air about thirty feet up, and
makes a double-take.

90   EXT. OUTER SHRINE STEPS

     Ryoko appears behind Tenchi and considers.

          RYOKO:  Hey there, Tenchi!

          TENCHI:  (turning around)  Oh, hello Ryoko.  Boy,
isn't it a nice day, today?

     Ryoko frowns a bit.

          TENCHI:  (a little nervously)  Uh...  I'm sorry,
did I say something wrong?

     Tenchi chuckles and leans on the broom.

          RYOKO:  Oh never mind.  You'll never guess what I
found today.

          TENCHI:  Uh...  No, sorry.  I have no idea.  What
did you find?

     CU. RYOKO

     She takes out a small book.

          RYOKO:  This.  You'll never guess what it is...

     CU. TENCHI

     Scratching his head.

          TENCHI:  Huh?  You know, it looks a little
familiar...

     STEPS

          RYOKO:  (surprised)  Really?  What is it, then?

          TENCHI:  Hey, that belongs to Ayeka!  That's her
journal!  What are you doing with it?

          RYOKO:  What do you mean?  I just found it.

          TENCHI:  (uncertain)  You just found it?

          RYOKO:  I swear.  Don't you want to know what she
wrote?

          TENCHI:  No.

          RYOKO:  Come on, it's not like you're ever going
to see her again.  Aren't you the least bit curious?

          TENCHI:  (sweeping again)  No, I'm not.  It's
hers.  I don't take things that don't belong to me.

          RYOKO:  Oh, Tenchi.  Don't be a kill-joy.  You
know, I think she would want you to read it, if she were
here.

     CU. TENCHI

     He stops sweeping again, annoyed.

          TENCHI:  I seriously doubt that.

     CU. RYOKO

     She frowns, disappointed.

          RYOKO:  You know, this isn't like you.  I thought
for sure, you'd be interested.

     STEPS

          TENCHI:  (sigh)  Sorry, Ryoko.  I guess you
misjudged me.  I'm not letting you upset me on such a nice
day.  Just do me a favor and put that back where you found
it.

          RYOKO:  (scowling)  Okay, be that way.  I'll just
read it myself.  And I'm not letting you touch it.

     Ryoko vanishes.  Tenchi shrugs and goes back to
sweeping.

91   INT. MAIN HALL

     Mihoshi sitting wide-eyed in front of the TV, wearing a
cast on her left leg.  Yosho enters and rubs his chin.

          YOSHO:  Hello, Mihoshi.  You mind if I sit down?

          MIHOSHI:  Huh?  Oh, no I don't mind!

     Yosho goes to sit down.

     CU. YOSHO

     He sits and adjusts his glasses, looking at the
television.

          YOSHO:  Interesting program.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     She smiles and gestures somewhat wildly.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh yeah!  They have this song they did
today that I really liked.  How did it go?  'You can make it
all happen with your hands' or something like that.  Then
they started talking about the names of rivers.  Did you
know how many rivers there are around here?

     CU. YOSHO

     A little irritated.

          YOSHO:  (nicely)  Yes.  They inform and delight
the senses.

     MAIN HALL (near TV)

     Yosho clears his throat and continues.

          YOSHO:  They do a nice dance, I imagine.

          MIHOSHI:  They do!  Oh, wow!  Have you seen this
before?

          YOSHO:  (stiffly)  Perhaps.  Perhaps.  I wonder,
though?

          MIHOSHI:  Huh?

          YOSHO:  Have you seen this place before?

     Yosho takes out a small pamphlet and hands it to
Mihoshi.

          MIHOSHI:  The new restaurant?  Yes, I've been
there a few times.  Why?

     CU. YOSHO

     He leans back and explains.

          YOSHO:  Well, the problem is, I think my grandson
is spending far too much time working.  He's become morose
and withdrawn.  He needs to spend some time having fun.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     She looks completely confused.

     MAIN HALL (near TV)

          YOSHO:  I'd like you to take him there--if it's
not too much trouble, that is.  I know you're not in the
best of health.

          MIHOSHI:  No, no!  It's no trouble.  It's just...
Well...

          YOSHO:  Yes?

          MIHOSHI:  (softly)  You want me to go out on a
date?

          YOSHO:  (stiff)  Well, not exactly.  It just seems
to me that the two of you relate so much better than I or
his father.  Just keep him company, you know.

          MIHOSHI:  Wow, really?  This is awfully nice.  I
don't want to be any trouble.

          YOSHO:  It's no trouble.  I would consider it a
favor.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  (grinning)  This is so nice, sir!  I'm
so flattered!  I'll do it, of course, but...

     CU. YOSHO

     He smiles, patiently.

          YOSHO:  Yes?

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  (frowning)  I was under the impression
that Ryoko was his girlfriend, and I wouldn't want to upset
anyone.

     CU. YOSHO

     He rolls his eyes, sighing.

          YOSHO:  Well, Mihoshi, you may do whatever you
wish, of course, but Tenchi always tells me that Ryoko is
just a good friend.  I also happen to know that Ryoko is...
a little preoccupied at the moment.  I wouldn't worry about
her.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  (smiling)  What a relief!  I'm so glad
to hear that!  Thank you, so much!

     MAIN HALL (near TV)

     Yosho goes back to watching the television.

          YOSHO:  (VO)  What a tiresome woman!  Oh, well.
Three down, two to go.

92   EXT. WASHU'S LABORATORY

     Washu is working at her console.  There's a knock on
her door.

          WASHU:  Come in, Yosho!

     CU. DOOR

     The door opens to permit Yosho.  He enters, looking a
little confused.

          YOSHO:  How did you know it would be me?

     CU. WASHU

     Still working at her console.

          WASHU:  Well, I happen to know that _someone_ is
up to no good around here, and I just took a guess that that
someone was you.

     LAB

     Washu turns from her console and looks at Yosho.

          WASHU:  But don't worry.  I'll be here all night.
I'm working on my latest invention.

          YOSHO:  (relieved)  Ah.  Then I'll leave you to
your work.  I won't trouble you again.

     Yosho turns and leaves.

          WASHU:  Hmm...  Oh well, it's none of my business,
anyway.

93   EXT. SPACE STATION

     The _Dreadnought_ is docked with the station.

94   INT. ELABORATE QUARTERS

     An elaborately decorated room.  Ayeka and Sasami enter.
Their luggage is already there, properly stowed beside some
compartments.  A ship captain follows them in, properly
standing at attention, like a hotel porter.  Ayeka looks
around and sighs, seeing everything in order.

          AYEKA:  You and your men are commended for their
excellent work.  Carry on, soldier.

          CAPTAIN:  Yes, your highness.

     The ship captain turns and leaves, very formally.

     Ayeka sits across from the compartment area.  Sasami
crosses directly to the luggage.  Ayeka is trying to keep
her composure, but her eyes seem to get very moist,
seemingly of their own free will.  Eventually, she is forced
to wipe her face.  Sasami has already opened the luggage
when she notices that Ayeka is weeping.  Sasami frowns and
then quickly looks back through the cases, searching for
something.

     CU. AYEKA

     She wipes her face and clears her throat.

          AYEKA:  Sasami, you know you shouldn't play right
now.  We will soon be underway, and we will need to prepare.

     CU. SASAMI

     She turns and smiles, holding a tiny flute.

          SASAMI:  You want a song, first?

     QUARTERS

          AYEKA:  (smiling)  Actually, I was thinking about
the little crystal festivity.  (she looks through the
luggage, briefly)  Ah, here it is.

     CU. AYEKA

     She sits and carefully sets down the merry-go-round,
pressing some switches.  She wipes her face again and
laughs, seeing the animals circle the platform and hearing
the cheery music playing.  She picks it up.

          AYEKA:  You know, Sasami.  I was very young when I
first played with this.  When I gave it to you, I had no
idea I would ever want to see it again.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (subdued)  It's more fun when you don't
have someone to play with.

     CU. AYEKA

     Begins to look thoughtful.

          AYEKA:  You know, I've never told anyone about
this.  Come closer, Sasami.  I want to show you.

     QUARTERS

     Sasami sits right next to Ayeka.

          AYEKA:  (whispering)  If you press these three
switches in just the right order, a little compartment opens
out of the bottom.

     CU. AYEKA

     Ayeka demonstrates this.  The bottom swings open.
Ayeka looks in, her concern growing.  She frowns.

          AYEKA:  That's peculiar.  I thought for certain it
was in here.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (a little worried)  What is it?

     QUARTERS

     Ayeka looks frantically through the luggage.  She
scowls and looks through it again.  She turns a case
upside-down.

          AYEKA:  My diary.  I kept a diary on Earth with
all my personal memories in it.

          SASAMI:  A diary?  I've never seen any diary.

          AYEKA:  Well, it is most certainly not here.

     Ayeka stops and considers for a moment.

     CU. AYEKA

     A look of rage grows on her face that is almost too
scary to imagine.

          AYEKA:  (very stiff)  I'll kill her.  I am going
to kill her!  That devil-woman!  How dare she steal my most
personal possessions!

     Ayeka is trembling visibly with pent-up rage.

     CU. SASAMI

     Shocked and worried.

     CU. AYEKA

     Stamping across the room.

          AYEKA:  Fate or no, I'm going to teach that woman
a lesson!  Come on, Sasami!

95   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     A forest at sunset.  Tilt downward to house.

96   EXT. PATIO

     The water nearby is very still and calm.  A gentle
breeze carries a few leaves onto the patio.  Lounging in a
recliner is Yosho, looking calm as usual.  He looks across
the water briefly, and seems to smile.

     CU. YOSHO

     He stretches and adjusts his glasses.

97   EXT. LAKE

     Sunset across the lake.  A few birds fly across.

98   INT. WASHROOM

     Mihoshi is trying to carry three little bags, apply
some make-up and limp along on a crutch at the same time.

99   INT. RYOKO'S ROOM

     Ryoko is sitting crossed-legged and akimbo, staring
blankly.

     CU. RYOKO

     Ryoko closes her eyes and inexplicably begins to weep.

100  EXT. MASAKI ENTRANCE WALKWAY

     Noboyuki approaches the house.  A figure is slowly
approaching behind him.

101  EXT. PATIO

     Yosho still reclines as Noboyuki enters.

          NOBOYUKI:  Hey, where is everybody?

102  EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Late evening shot of forest.  Tilt upward toward the
house.  A couple of tiny figures are approaching,
side-by-side.

103  INT. MAIN HALL

     At the table are Yosho and Noboyuki, sitting beside
Suzuki.  They have just been laughing about something.

     CU. DOOR

     Slides open to permit Tenchi and Mihoshi.

     MAIN HALL (table)

          YOSHO:  Oh, hello Tenchi!  Back so soon?

     CU. TENCHI

     He looks around and suddenly becomes very nervous.

          TENCHI:  Oh, hello Grandpa.  Hello, Dad.  Hello,
Mr. Suzuki.

     MAIN HALL (table)

          YOSHO:  (smiling)  Tenchi, please come and sit
down.  You, as well, Mihoshi.

     Tenchi goes nervously to the table.  Mihoshi manages to
limp along to the table.

          YOSHO:  We were just having the most pleasant
conversation about you, Tenchi.  Mr. Suzuki is very pleased
with your progress, and he wanted to offer some words of
encouragement.

          TENCHI:  (flustered)  Oh, uh...  Gee, I don't know
what to say...  I'm sorry.

     Tenchi helps Mihoshi sit and then takes a seat for
himself.

          NOBOYUKI:  (matter-of-factly)  Mr. Suzuki and I
met today, and he said he had been invited here before.
We've been talking since then, and he has said nothing but
good things about you, Tenchi.

     Tenchi chortles a bit to himself.

          SUZUKI:  I'm just a little disappointed not to
have met this Ayeka, you told me about, Tenchi.  I haven't
met Ryoko, but I hear she's an old friend of the family.
(turning)  I'm sure I've seen you, though, pretty lady.

          MIHOSHI:  Huh?

          SUZUKI:  Ah, now I remember.  I was just leaving
the theater, when I saw you and another pretty young woman
standing next to you.

          MIHOSHI:  You mean that musical?

     CU. TENCHI

     Turning red from embarrassment.

     CU. NOBOYUKI

     Smiling with recognition.

          NOBOYUKI:  Oh!  The other pretty lady you saw was
Ryoko!

     MAIN HALL (table)

          SUZUKI:  (musing)  It must be awfully distracting,
having three pretty young women hanging around all the time.

          TENCHI:  (recovering)  It is, sir!

          SUZUKI:  This explains to me a good deal.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  We shouldn't embarrass young Tenchi, like
this.  I'm sure he has enough on his mind, as it is.  Am I
right, Mr. Suzuki?

     CU. SUZUKI

          SUZUKI:  This is correct.  Tenchi has a report due
tomorrow, and he should already be well on his way to having
finished it.

     CU. TENCHI

     Turns slightly pale.

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Suzuki is looking a little concerned.  A worried
expression appears on Noboyuki's face.

          SUZUKI:  You do remember the assignment--don't
you, Tenchi?

          TENCHI:  Uh...  Sure.  I mean, yes sir.  The
report of the significance of Beethoven's ninth symphony?

     CU. DOOR

     It flies open and Sasami comes running in.  Behind her
is Ayeka, brandishing a wicked-looking dagger.

          AYEKA:  Where is that devil-woman!?

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Tenchi looks faint.  Suzuki merely raises an eyebrow.
Sasami approaches the table.

          SASAMI:  (excited)  Tenchi!

     CU. YOSHO

     Gestures to somewhere behind Ayeka.

     CU. AYEKA

     Ryoko appears behind her.  Ayeka spins around.

          AYEKA:  Let us step outside, shall we?

          RYOKO:  (snorting)  I don't take orders from a
fussy little statue like you.

     MAIN HALL (table)

          TENCHI:  (very disconcerted)  Oh boy.  It's nice
to see you again, Sasami.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (boiling over)  I knew it!  You just
cannot mind your own business, no matter what.  That diary
was my most personal and intimate feelings.  You have no
right to consider yourself human!

     MAIN HALL (near door)

     Ryoko suddenly flashes anger.

          RYOKO:  Oh sure!  That's why you conveniently
forgot it!  If it was so precious, why did you leave it
behind!?

          AYEKA:  If I say it is precious to me, it is!  And
it is no concern of yours to make it your business!  I renew
my challenge, demon!  I shall fight you to the death, legal
or not!

     CU. SASAMI

     Sighs as she picks up Ryo-Ohki.

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Suzuki rubbing his chin, thoughtfully.

          SUZUKI:  (softly)  They won't really kill each
other, will they?

     Yosho shrugs in reply.  Tenchi looks down in disgust.

104  INT. MAIN HALL (near door)

          RYOKO:  Boy, Princess, you sure are a piece.  You
call me a coward and a cheater, you go back on your own vow,
and then you have the nerve to challenge me to a fight to
the death.  How can you live with yourself?  I can't believe
I actually felt sorry for you.

          AYEKA:  Spare me your pity, demon!  You're
fighting me right now, or I'll take your head and mount it
on a wall!

     CU. TENCHI

     He turns and tries to interrupt.

          TENCHI:  Please, can't we all just calm down?

     MAIN HALL (near door)

     Ayeka and Ryoko glare at him, venomously.

     CU. TENCHI

     Cringes and turns around slowly.

     MAIN HALL (table)

     A bright light fills the room and a huge explosion
fills the air.  Shattered glass scatters across the floor.

          YOSHO:  (calmly)  Ah, I see they are taking it
outside.

     Sasami runs toward the ruined windows (OC).  Tenchi
covers his face with his hands.

          SUZUKI:  Tenchi!  The report was supposed to be
about the significance of the styles in Beethoven's ninth.

     Several more explosions fill the air.

          TENCHI:  Huh?

     CU. SUZUKI

     Rolls his eyes.

          SUZUKI:  Young man, I want your report to explain
Beethoven's use of contrasting styles and to examine their
significance.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Oh.  Yes sir!

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Suzuki begins to stand.

          SUZUKI:  Please excuse me.  It has been an
interesting evening, but I really must return home.  I am
neglecting my duties.

          NOBOYUKI:  Of course.

     Yosho nods.

          SUZUKI:  And Tenchi!

     Tenchi turns from his brooding.

          SUZUKI:  I expect you to write a good report!

          TENCHI:  Yes sir!

105  INT. MAIN HALL

     Suzuki leaves the room.  A few thunderous explosions
fill the air again, and then all is silent.

     CU. SASAMI

     Sasami and Ryo-Ohki leave the room.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  (yawning)  Boy, this was one exciting
day!  I'm totally exhausted.

     CU. WASHU

     She enters suddenly.

          WASHU:  I just finished my latest invention!
Anyone want to see?

     MAIN HALL (table)

     They groan with exhaustion.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (disappointed)  What?  Did I miss
something?

THE END


