
Author:   Mike Fenton <mpfenton@hotmail.com>
Title:    DYING FOR AN EXPLANATION
Notes:    Regular (OVA), script format
Summary:  One last stand to make the universe a better place
          (or maybe just a little less confusing).

[Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are the
property of AIC and Pioneer LDC, Inc. and was created by
Masaki Kajishima.  This story comes entirely from my
imagination, and is strictly intended to be apocryphal--so
please don't sue me.]

1    EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Open on trees with color, suggesting fall.  Pan around
to house.

2    INT. AYEKA'S BEDROOM

     Ayeka is sitting next to a window, holding a pen and a
small book, apparently lost in thought.  She turns and looks
out the window and sighs.  She folds the book and puts it
into a pocket.

     CU. AYEKA

     She slowly looks up and turns.

          AYEKA:  (softly)  Is someone there?

     BEDROOM

     She stands and straightens her dress.

          AYEKA:  (to herself)  That's strange, I could
swear I was being watched.

     She reaches for her pocket again, stops, then looks
around.

          AYEKA:  Oh!  It's just you, Lord Tenchi.

     Tenchi enters the room and smiles.

          TENCHI:  Oh, there you are!  Uh...

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Really, Tenchi.  I'm surprised to see you
looking for me.  I thought you were teaching on Leo.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (embarrassed)  Yeah, but I have a week
off after orientation.  No need for me to hang around during
the preliminary testing.  So, what were you doing?

     BEDROOM

          AYEKA:  I was doing nothing, Lord Tenchi.

          TENCHI:  Really?  I thought for a moment you were
writing in your diary again.

          AYEKA:  (briefly embarrassed)  So, is my sister
with you?

          TENCHI:  She went to the shrine.

          AYEKA:  I suppose you came to make some plea on
her behalf.  (a little stiff)  I know I've said this before,
but I believe you are no different from the others--you and
that bratty little girl.

          TENCHI:  (a little upset)  No, no.  It's not like
that.

     Ayeka glares at him for moment.

          TENCHI:  (mortified)  Uh, well...  On second
thought, maybe you're right.  I'm sorry, Ayeka.  I didn't
come here looking for you, though.  I just wanted to avoid
seeing Sasami upset.  I've never seen her so angry before.

     CU. AYEKA

     Turning in disgust, then turning back, curiously.

          AYEKA:  Really?

     CU. TENCHI

     Sighing, as he leans against the door.

          TENCHI:  Yeah.  She flew into a rage when she
found out about Mihoshi.  I still don't think she's calmed
down.  I'm afraid she'll do something she'll regret.

     CU. AYEKA

     She carefully sits and begins to ponder.

          AYEKA:  Yes, this all seems familiar to me.  It
reminds me of when she crashed her ship.

     BEDROOM

          TENCHI:  Huh?

          AYEKA:  She has told you about how she crashed her
ship, Tenchi?

          TENCHI:  (a little annoyed)  Only about a hundred
times...

          AYEKA:  I see.  Yes, she does love to relate that
story.  So, you know all about how she chased down some
petty thugs and ended up crashing on Leo-three--

          TENCHI:  Yeah.

          AYEKA:  Yes.  Well, what she probably neglected to
explain was how she came to be chasing petty thugs to begin
with.  She perhaps neglected to mention that one of them was
Kimiko...

     CU. TENCHI

     A little surprised.

          TENCHI:  No way.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (gently amused)  I see.  Yes, it makes
sense.  You see, Sasami and I were making a stopover at Leo,
simply before heading to our next likely destination--it
took months to travel between systems then, of course.  I
suspect Sasami was not too eager to be going back into time-
suspension, anyway.

     CU. TENCHI

     Slowly approaches, eagerly listening.

          TENCHI:  Yeah...

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (frowning in thought)  Now, let me see...
Oh, yes.  I recall a certain argument broke out over whose
ship could go fastest, and the next thing I knew Sasami was
heading for her ship.  I attempted to intercept them, of
course, but it did no good.  They were very fast.

     BEDROOM

     Tenchi takes a seat across from Ayeka as she continues
to explain.

          AYEKA:  The ship was light-class, atmospheric.  I
think it was a land-fighter.  At any rate, the ships were
maneuvering through terrain at tremendous speed, and I could
only marvel at the fact that they were able to prevent
themselves from smashing into hillsides.  I didn't quite see
how Sasami crashed, but when I arrived Sasami was having a
terrible argument with Kimiko.  I thought for a moment they
were going to come to blows over the matter.

          TENCHI:  Sasami never told me about that.

          AYEKA:  I'm not surprised.  She has a way of
remembering things.  I'll never forget how amused I was when
Hikaru showed up, looking for his own ship--you see, Sasami
had somehow collided with Kimiko, and Kimiko had been flying
Hikaru's fighter.

          TENCHI:  Yeah...

          AYEKA:  Since I was so amused, Sasami was all too
pleased to make us volunteer to make up for some of this
little mishap, and thus we were forced to help pay for the
damage.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  So, that's how you ended up working in
that bar.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  No, that was the result of some silly bet
that Sasami made.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Uh...

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Sasami always becomes terribly angry and
then twists it around.  I think she directs it at herself.
I've seen this happen many times.  You need not worry
whether Sasami will do something she'll regret, Tenchi.  It
is inevitable.  You see, Sasami cannot forgive herself--it
is not in her nature.

     BEDROOM

     Tenchi looks down, pondering.

          TENCHI:  Oh.  Yeah, I've noticed all that, myself.
I just never realized it.

          AYEKA:  You are not as susceptible as I had
thought, Tenchi.  Observing you now, I've made a realization
of my own.  What is most surprising to me is that it seems
to have been fate, once again.  (sigh)  Fate likes to play
these little games with me.

          TENCHI:  Fate?

          AYEKA:  (a little annoyed)  Yes, Tenchi.  Fate is
in everything we do.  You are aware of your own fate, are
you not?

          TENCHI:  Sorry, I'm confused.

          AYEKA:  (softly)  It's very simple, Lord Tenchi.
You draw out the connections between yourself and others
and--as you would say--deduce your entire future.  You are
aware of your connection with others, correct?  For example,
you have a future connection with Ryoko, right?

          TENCHI:  Hmm...  Oh, yeah.

          AYEKA:  (muttering)  Well, so much for that.

3    EXT. WASHU'S LABORATORY

     Washu is leaning over her console, watching crabs go
dancing across the display.  Ryoko appears and looks
curiously.

          RYOKO:  What are you inventing?  That doesn't look
that clever to me.

     CU. WASHU

     Briefly shocked, then smiling.  She presses a button
and a wickedly-complicated equation appears on the screen.

          WASHU:  Just the old time-dilation formula, again.
Working out approximations, finding linear magnitudes.
Research is ninety-percent of what goes into an invention,
you know.

     CU. RYOKO

     Grimly curious, then scowling.

          RYOKO:  Yeah, well, I need an invention of my
own...

     LAB

     Washu looks around and sees another Ryoko--Ryoko B.
She flinches in surprise and hits herself, groaning.

          WASHU:  Not again!

          RYOKO B:  Don't tell me this is a personality
fragmentation again.

          RYOKO A:  I still don't have my interim-memories
back.  This has got to have something to do with that.

          WASHU:  (very firm)  Forget it, Ryoko!  I'm not
going through this again!  This time, you're on your own.
I'm not lifting a finger!

          RYOKO B:  But--

          WASHU:  (nearly hysterical)  No!

4    EXT. MASAKI SHRINE

     A small flight of birds go over, as clouds pass by.

5    INT. SHRINE

     Yosho appears upset, standing over a kettle,
undisguised and wearing glasses again, as Funaho sits at the
table, looking annoyed.  Lania is standing nearby, guarded
by Azaka and Kamidake.  Sasami is sitting near the door,
holding Michiko, apparently unaware of the conversation.

          YOSHO:  I won't do it.

          FUNAHO:  Oh, come now, Yosho.  Who else can we
rely on for this exchange?  Half the court is too obedient
to the emperor and the other half is too suspicious of
anyone with alien influences.

          YOSHO:  I'm not getting involved.  This is my
home--a peaceful place.  I won't have any more brutes and
armies tramping on it.

          FUNAHO:  So, now we're no better than Mongol
hordes?

     CU. YOSHO

     Sitting at the table, still upset.

          YOSHO:  That isn't what I said.

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  Is this because of Lania?

     SHRINE

     Sasami looks around, trying to hide a scowl of anger.

          YOSHO:  She's too crafty, but I merely object to
the place you chose for the exchange.  There's bound to be
fighting, and I do not want my home planet to be disturbed.
They are a primitive people, but Earthlings are relatively
calm.  These troubles of ours should remain among us.

          FUNAHO:  Yosho, I am one of those Earthlings you
are referring to, or have you forgotten?  In my time, these
troubles of ours were always being settled here on Earth.
Earthlings nowadays are growing soft.  I say, it's about
time they saw a little action.

          YOSHO:  Mother, Earthlings now are a lot more like
Tenchi--they are blinded by their own arrogant, preconceived
notions.  They wouldn't believe or understand how to accept
the reality of our problems.

          FUNAHO:  (annoyed)  You underestimate your fellow
human beings, Yosho.  And, anyway, this is just a simple
exchange.  If all goes well, no one will even notice.

     CU. YOSHO

     Rolling his eyes in doubt.

     CU. FUNAHO

     Sighing, like a parent with a stubborn child.

          FUNAHO:  All right, Yosho.  Whatever you say.
We'll try to arrange a neutral place for the exchange, but
it will be far more dangerous than if we conduct it here.

     CU. YOSHO

     Looking at Lania, pointedly.

          YOSHO:  We have more to worry about than a little
exchange.

     CU. FUNAHO

     Looking from Yosho to Lania.

          FUNAHO:  Huh?  Oh, yeah.  (looking around at
Sasami)  Well, Sasami?  What's it to be?  Do we stay or move
on?  What do you want us to do with Lania?

     CU. SASAMI

     Looking back down at Michiko, very carefully.

          SASAMI:  (softly)  Might I have a word with you,
Funaho?  What I have to say is too sensitive for the others.

     CU. FUNAHO

     Getting up.

          FUNAHO:  (casual)  Oh, all right.

6    EXT. SHRINE

     Sasami comes out, holding Michiko carefully, as Funaho
emerges behind her.  Funaho closes the door as Sasami sits
at the top step.

          SASAMI:  I really hate that girl, but I need her.
I'm not throwing away centuries of planning for a few
mishaps.

          FUNAHO:  So, we're staying.

     CU. SASAMI

     Looking around at Funaho--no hint of naivete in her
eyes.

          SASAMI:  Jurai may be your home, but Leo has
always been mine.  I'm just returning while I still can.  I
hope you understand the significance of that.

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  You mean you're growing old?

     SHRINE

     Clouds continue to pass over, as Sasami looks back down
at Michiko and smiles.

          SASAMI:  I mean I'm finding my roots.  When I do,
I'll be able to show Lania how to be generous and
thoughtful.

          FUNAHO:  She's already impossible to manipulate.
I have no idea what she's planning to do, Sasami.

          SASAMI:  Lania still has weaknesses, Funaho.  I
recall a certain curious accusation she made.

          FUNAHO:  A weakness?  What did you find out?

     CU. SASAMI

     A little hesitant.

          SASAMI:  She mentioned some gold that she thought
I had stolen.  I found it rather odd, but humored her.  Now
that I think about it, she must have been planning to use
mercenaries with that money to hijack our little exchange.

     CU. FUNAHO

     Sitting next to Sasami.

          FUNAHO:  Oh, I see.  She still has doubts.  She
wants to keep using Kardanna.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  I keep telling her to believe in herself,
but I'm starting to wonder whether she can.

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  Maybe you should just ask her.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  I'll give it some thought.  Meanwhile, I
have a reception to plan.

     SHRINE

     Sasami and Funaho get up, approaching the door.

          FUNAHO:  You're finished with the wedding plans?

          SASAMI:  I'm letting Misaki handle that.  I prefer
to handle the reception--it means so much more to me than
any ceremony.

          FUNAHO:  The ceremony is for Tenchi?

     Sasami turns and stares at Funaho for a moment.

          FUNAHO:  Right.  We Earthlings do love a good
ceremony.

7    INT. AYEKA'S BEDROOM

     Tenchi is sitting across from Ayeka, holding a book.
He is narrowing his eyes in disgust as he reads.

          TENCHI:  'The sun breathes fire, the heavens
rain; / As many a good man, dies in vain. / Their heads
they lost as men often will, / To see others shed their
blood on the hill. / The thought of your eyes as I held to
you tight, / Came just as the oaths before the great fight.
/ And many the times I'd wonder if I, / Before I could see
you again, could die.'  This doesn't go on like this, does
it?  (turning a page)

          AYEKA:  I'm afraid so.  I was writing about
pirates, you see?

          TENCHI:  I thought Jurai was originally a pirate-
state...

          AYEKA:  Yes.  There are quite a few things about
Jurai I'm certain Yosho never told you.

          TENCHI:  So, where did the pirates come from?

          AYEKA:  From Jurai, of course.  Tenchi, pirates
and Juraians are really the same people.  It is our way of
thinking that is different.

     CU. TENCHI

     Mustering some mental forces.

          TENCHI:  You fear each other's culture?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (vaguely amused)  We have a long tradition
of pretending that we don't--but, that is true.  I've often
wondered what it would take to make the pirates happy.  It
never occurred to me that they simply wanted to be called
Juraians again.  Why they would possibly fight with us over
a bit of dirt is a mystery to me.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Possibly?  Uh--

     BEDROOM

     Ayeka seems about to explain, as Ryoko A appears at the
door.

          RYOKO A:  Tenchi, did you just do something
stupid?

     Tenchi looks around, a little more flabbergasted than
usual.

          TENCHI:  Huh?

          AYEKA:  Really, Ryoko...  You must learn to knock
or something--

     Ryoko B appears in the doorway, knocking softly.

          RYOKO B:  Hello.  I hope I'm not interrupting
anything.

     CU. TENCHI

     Closing his eyes, as if exhausted.

          TENCHI:  Again?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  This isn't some stupid trick, is it?

     CU. RYOKO A

          RYOKO A:  Funny, that you should say that--

     CU. RYOKO B

          RYOKO B:  (annoyed)  I think what I meant was, I
don't always have the best memory--especially, lately.  I
need someone to jog my memory, I think.

     BEDROOM

     Tenchi stands and ponders, looking back and forth
between the two Ryokos.

          AYEKA:  I can do that.  Just think of something
completely lacking in subtlety or understanding, and you've
pretty much recovered every thought you've ever had.

          TENCHI:  (irritated)  Ayeka--

          RYOKO A:  Stay out of this, Tenchi.  It's been too
long since I had a good fight.  I can't fight with myself--
heaven only knows what might happen.

          AYEKA:  Oh, yes.  Let's not argue.  Let us just
knock each other around for old time's sake.  I'd love to
know the reason.

          RYOKO B:  Since when is reason involved?  You just
like to fight, don't you?

          RYOKO A:  Yeah.  You can't help it--you're pushy
and obnoxious by nature.

     CU. AYEKA

     Briefly angry, then calm and a little smug.

          AYEKA:  (softly)  As if I would deign to lower
myself.  (matter-of-factly)  You know, Yosho is much better
at provoking me than you.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (to Ryoko B)  This isn't about me, Ryoko
--at least, not me, specifically.  Don't you remember?

     CU. RYOKO B

          RYOKO B:  What?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  The last time this happened, I mean.
This is just the other side of the paradox--or the paradox
within the paradox.  Whatever it was that caused you to
become two people in the first place.

     BEDROOM

     Ayeka scratches her head, pondering.

          AYEKA:  Oh, my.  Now, I see what Funaho was
talking about.

          RYOKO A:  Huh?  (to Ayeka)  What did she tell you?

          AYEKA:  A most peculiar thing--a paradox within a
paradox within a paradox.  She said you were really three of
you.

          TENCHI:  Oh yeah--

          RYOKO B:  So, where's the third one?  Or am I just
two, this time?

          RYOKO A:  Let's not be hasty, here.  I'm really
just one person, remember.  That's the important thing.

          AYEKA:  Yes, but this bespeaks of more than one
reality.  That is not something to consider lightly.

8    EXT. SHRINE STEPS

     Glaring noon over the outer shrine steps.  Funaho
descends to the entrance and sees Mihoshi limping nearby--
favoring her left leg.  Mihoshi is using a cane, albeit
rather casually.  Funaho is holding Michiko, looking between
her and Mihoshi as she is slowly noticed by Mihoshi.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh!  Funaho, what are you doing here?

          FUNAHO:  (sweetly)  I heard my dear Sasami was
planning her wedding soon, and I came to help in person.  I
could hardly stay away, now could I?

          MIHOSHI:  Uh...  Isn't she already married?  I
never heard anything about any wedding.

          FUNAHO:  (a little stiff)  Sasami has had a few
other things on her mind.  She was very upset about what
happened to you, for example.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     A little embarrassed, gaping in realization.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh!

     CU. FUNAHO

     Sighing, frowning, a little sullen.

          FUNAHO:  I'm very sorry about Lania, Mihoshi.  I
should have known she would try something like that.  It
seems I keep underestimating her.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  (stunned)  Huh?

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  (sympathetic)  This must all seem like a
lot--empires crumbling, friends betraying friends, Sasami
having a nice little wedding ceremony--

     ENTRANCE

     Mihoshi looks around reflectively as Funaho looks up,
considering.

          MIHOSHI:  Uh, well, not really.  I was a first-
class detective before I was a ranger.

          FUNAHO:  (carefully)  You will be at the ceremony,
won't you, Mihoshi?

          MIHOSHI:  Huh?  Oh!  Yeah, I just need to visit
Little Washu.

          FUNAHO:  Ah, yes--your injuries.  I hope you get
better soon.

          MIHOSHI:  (strangely introspective)  Thank you.
Washu told me I should get better with a few more
treatments.  She said she needed to check the prosthesis.

          FUNAHO:  Little Washu is a genius, you know.  You
should consider yourself very fortunate.

          MIHOSHI:  Yeah.  I'm just worried.

          FUNAHO:  What about?

          MIHOSHI:  Oh...  It's probably nothing.

9    INT. SHRINE

     Yosho is sitting at the table, looking over a cup of
tea.  He considers for a moment, then looks around at Lania
--still standing between Azaka and Kamidake.

          YOSHO:  You know, Gigoro was my friend.

          LANIA:  (a little irritated)  Mine too.

          YOSHO:  And I have a good deal of respect for
Mihoshi.

          LANIA:  (upset)  You talk like a child!  Our
friends are nothing more than tools in the hands of worthy
leaders.  (grim)  I assumed you would know that.

          YOSHO:  Yes, I do.  I suppose you think a worthy
leader is a man of war.

     CU. LANIA

     A little anxious.

          LANIA:  We fight wars to keep the peace, Yosho.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  And all our ministers and priests are just
deluding themselves?

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  (hesitant for a beat)  Yes, they are.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  I'm sorry to hear you say that.  I had
thought you might become a worthy leader.  I see I was
wrong.

10   EXT. SHRINE STEPS

     Sasami trots down the stairs, encountering Ryo-Ohki--
humanoid-form--for a moment.

     CU. RYO-OHKI

     She frowns and glares at Sasami, intently.

     CU. SASAMI

     Casually perplexed, stopping to consider.

11   EXT. FLOATING CITY

     A huge city hangs suspended in mid-air over a barren
wasteland.  Airships flick here and there.  The air is lit
by a soft reddish glow from a large planet hanging in the
sky directly above.  On the horizon, a bright, sun-like star
appears and pours light down over the landscape.  Tall,
impressive towers appear among forests within the city.
Huge battleships appear in the sky, floating ominously.

12   EXT. FOREST

     Sasami is standing next to a tree at the edge of a
path, merely looking up mournfully.  She continues to stare
upward as Ryo-Ohki approaches--in a much older humanoid
form.  Ryo-Ohki appears a little irritated and folds her
arms, tapping one foot.

          RYO-OHKI:  Another invasion?

          SASAMI:  (casual)  It's nothing.

     CU. RYO-OHKI

     Wryly amused.

          RYO-OHKI:  You could stop it.  It isn't fate--no
matter how annoyed they make you.

     CU. SASAMI

     Still looking up.

          SASAMI:  (cold)  I am no longer the guardian of
this world.  Anything I do will only hasten my own end, as
well.

     PATH

     Sasami looks around, and Ryo-Ohki flinches in
recognition.

          RYO-OHKI:  Who are you?

          SASAMI:  I'm what I always wanted to be, my
friend.  This is my greatest achievement.  Isn't it
amazing?

          RYO-OHKI:  (nearly breathless)  Why are you doing
this?

          SASAMI:  (amused)  Me?  You see me doing anything?

     The ground starts trembling.

          RYO-OHKI:  So, why don't you stop it?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Why should I?  We're all bound to this
fate, anyway.  Why not enjoy it, while we can?

     CU. RYO-OHKI

          RYO-OHKI:  You still think I'm too immature to
know good and bad?  Your own daughter is here, you know?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (casual)  I know.

13   EXT. SHRINE STEPS

     Sasami is trying to get her balance, briefly, as Ryo-
Ohki--once again, child-form--continues to stare at her.
Ryo-Ohki turns and quickly goes down the steps.

14   INT. MAIN HALL

     Funaho is sitting, still holding Michiko, as she talks
with Ayeka.  Tenchi enters with a platter and some cups of
tea.  Ryoko B enters, a little flustered.

          AYEKA:  Yosho is right, Funaho.  I doubt the
exchange is safe.  It all seems very risky.  If we fail--

          RYOKO B:  But I'm telling you, Tenchi--it all
triggered on my memories, somehow.  When I could remember
the dream, it all came to me.  Something happened in the
past couple weeks that caused all this.

          FUNAHO:  If we fail, Ayeka, we can always try
again.  It's not like Jurai is going to run out any time
soon.  The only real question is how long our royal trees
can hang on--

     Tenchi sets down the cups, frowning in thought.

          TENCHI:  I know, Ryoko, but that was before.
Everything is in the future, now.  The only reason you came
together was because you decided to change it.  Now, you
have to deal with that paradox.

          RYOKO B:  But--

          AYEKA:  Are you two still arguing about that?  I
told you before--

          FUNAHO:  Yes.  But, let's sit and think about this
for a moment.

     Tenchi sighs and sits, thinking, as Ryoko B stands near
the table.

          RYOKO B:  What are you two talking about?  That
dirt again?

          AYEKA:  You cannot just make dirt, Ryoko.

          FUNAHO:  Jurai trees only grow in special soil,
Ryoko.  You should know that.

          RYOKO B:  So?

          TENCHI:  The vision you said you had was some
danger to me, wasn't it?  You said you saw a vision of my
death, right?

     Funaho looks around in surprise at Tenchi, as Ayeka
ponders and Ryoko B scowls in thought.  Just at that moment,
Sasami rushes in, looking very upset.

          SASAMI:  (tearfully)  Michiko!  Oh, my little
girl!

     Funaho looks a little shocked, as Sasami scoops up
Michiko, and flees the room, sobbing.

          AYEKA:  Oh my--!

          TENCHI:  Sasami?

          FUNAHO:  (musing)  She grows more and more like
her mother all the time...

          RYOKO B:  Tenchi, don't just sit there.  Go
comfort her, or something.  You are her husband, right?

          TENCHI:  Huh?  (getting up)  Oh, yeah.

     Tenchi gets up and stiffly exits.

          AYEKA:  (to Funaho)  Funaho, I think our problems
can wait.  This situation with Sasami looks serious.  Maybe
we should cancel this wedding.

     CU. FUNAHO

     Scowling with thought.

          FUNAHO:  Oh, this is all too much.  I need to
think about all this.

     CU. RYOKO B

          RYOKO B:  Yeah.  I hate to see anything bad happen
to the kid--I mean, even though I can't stand the sight of
her.  She's still my friend.  Surely, there's something we
can do.

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  (sigh)  There's nothing we can do, Ryoko.
Ayeka, all we can do is hope that Tenchi can calm her down.
This is his problem, now.  I hate to see Sasami so upset,
but this isn't likely the first or the last time.  I should
know...

     CU. AYEKA

     Frowning with sympathy.

          AYEKA:  Ah, yes.  You are correct, Funaho.  We
should wait and see what Lord Tenchi says.

15   INT. SHRINE

     Yosho is getting up from the table, as Lania smiles,
invitingly.

          LANIA:  So, what's to become of me?  I'm going to
rot away on some outpost with my grandfather, I suppose.

          YOSHO:  No.

          LANIA:  Oh?  Where then?  Here?  You have some
dungeon set aside for me, huh?

          YOSHO:  (irritated)  Unlike pirates, Lania, we
Juraians do have rules.  We cannot just make anyone we
choose a political prisoner.  All we have is your confession
to Mihoshi, and that is not enough to justify putting you
into a prison.

          LANIA:  (amused)  I'm surprised you still hold on
to all that, Yosho.  Don't tell me Jurai still has
jurisdiction here?

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  We're not stupid, Lania.  We know you're
out for revenge.  That's why we're going to keep the
guardians on you at all times.  There won't be any sneaking
around, this time.  Aside from that, you may go wherever you
please, so long as you do not take the guardians off this
property.

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  Another stupid regulation?

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  (wryly amused)  No.  Their function is
ceremonial.  They must guard our doors until the wedding
is complete.  It's tradition.  Even I would not defy
tradition.  And since we can't let you wander off without
them, you must stay here, as well.

16   INT. LIBRARY

     Sasami is hugging Michiko, sobbing, as Tenchi enters,
very sullen.

          TENCHI:  Sasami?  What's going on?

          SASAMI:  Tenchi--  Stay away from me.  You have no
idea.  I can't let this go on!

     Tenchi sits down next to her.

          TENCHI:  What are you talking about, Sasami?  The
future?

          SASAMI:  Tenchi--  I, uh...

          TENCHI:  What?

17   INT. TENT (b/w--flashback)

          ALCHEMIST:  (softly)  I see two firy dragons--one
good, one evil...

18   INT. LIBRARY

          SASAMI:  (very softly)  I'm a monster...  I'm
going to be, anyway.

          TENCHI:  Huh?

19   INT. TENT (b/w--flashback)

          ALCHEMIST:  (softly)  I see also that the dragons
are very wise.  If they believe that they are truly
threatened, they will go back to sleep and deprive you of
your greatest wish.  You must tread very lightly.

20   INT. LIBRARY

          SASAMI:  (nervous)  I can't talk about it.  If I
do, I don't know what will happen.

          TENCHI:  Sasami--  You've got to tell me.  Was it
that old man?

          SASAMI:  I, uh--

21   INT. TENT (b/w--flashback)

          ALCHEMIST:  I have kept my end of the bargain.
See to it that you keep yours.

22   INT. LIBRARY

          SASAMI:  (very nervous)  It's the future, Tenchi.
I'm going to become evil.  I know it.  I can't keep hiding
from it.

          TENCHI:  So, what are you going to do?  (thinking
for a moment)  You know, Sasami--if you become evil, then I
will too.

          SASAMI:  What?

          TENCHI:  (smiling)  Look, I can't face a future
without you.  If you become evil, then so will I.  Who cares
what the reason is?

     CU. SASAMI

     Chuckling, looking down at Michiko.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi, for all you know, I'm evil
already.  I just don't do anything to make you suspicious.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (musing)  Well, if my death is what makes
you evil, then you don't need to worry.  Ryoko just split
apart again.  Remember how I told you she decided a long
time ago to change the future?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Her realities came apart?  She's two
people, again?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Yeah.  I've been arguing with her about
it all morning.  Don't worry.  You may be in a paradox, but
so is Ryoko.  She would never let anything happen to me if
she could help it.

     CU. SASAMI

     Very relieved.

          SASAMI:  Oh, Tenchi.  I can't tell you how hard
all this has been.  It's a real weight off my chest to hear
that.  Thank you.

     CU. TENCHI

     He hugs her close.

          TENCHI:  Forget about it.  We'll think about it
later.  Remember what Washu said.  The future is always
changing.

23   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ayeka and Funaho are still talking, as Ryoko B looks
on.  Tenchi and Sasami enter again--Sasami holding Michiko,
as Tenchi has an arm around Sasami.

          AYEKA:  So, are we okay?

          FUNAHO:  Yes, is there anything we can do to help?

          TENCHI:  (casual)  Nothing's wrong.  Don't worry.
We'll sort it out, later.  Let's take care of everything
else, first.

          RYOKO B:  Right.  Okay, first of all--

24   EXT. WASHU'S LABORATORY

     Washu is sitting at her console, apparently studying
something, as Mihoshi limps nearby, Ryoko A floats beside
Washu, and Ryo-Ohki watches--a little nervous.

          RYOKO A:  Don't tell me you don't know anything
about temporal paradoxes, Washu.  I've seen that time-
machine of yours.  I know you can visit the past.

          WASHU:  (annoyed)  I don't go changing things,
Ryoko.  I don't create paradoxes.  I'm very careful.  I
could have, for example, used my time machine to return to
eight years ago, but I hate to think what might happen.

          RYOKO A:  What might happen?

          WASHU:  I don't know.  (grim)  I think that was my
point.

     Mihoshi limps closer to Washu.

          MIHOSHI:  Maybe Ryoko has already used the time-
machine--I mean, will use it.

          RYOKO A:  (to Mihoshi)  Then, where is it?

          WASHU:  If there are two Ryokos from using my time
machine, Mihoshi, there would have to be two time-machines.
I think I'd notice that.

          MIHOSHI:  But what if one of them were sent to the
future at the same time?

     CU. WASHU

     Rolling her eyes.

     CU. RYOKO A

     Glaring at Mihoshi.

          RYOKO A:  (to Washu)  Anyway, I still haven't
heard a good explanation for why I was split into three
people, in the first place.  Didn't you study my brain-
waves, or something?

     CU. WASHU

     Looking down, thoughtfully.  She then types at her
console for a moment.

     LAB

     A holograph appears just above Washu's console--a pair
of spirals curl in and out of the holograph, flexing and
bobbing.  They shimmer around the edges for a moment and
then spark a small flash.

          WASHU:  (thoughtfully)  You know, I never really
went back and studied this.

          RYOKO A:  (gesturing)  What was that flash?

          WASHU:  Huh?  Oh, just some artifacts of the
filtering process.  (a little mortified)  I forgot to filter
the caps around my amplifier sub-base inputs.

          RYOKO A:  That's the interference?  It looks like
it's originating from myself.

          WASHU:  Yes.  Funny that there's feedback--it's
like you're caught in a paradox, ad infinitum.  Thus, the
singularity in my projections.

     CU. RYOKO A

          RYOKO A:  Ad infinitum?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Well, if you're willing to accept a
double-paradox, why not an infinite-paradox?

     CU. RYOKO A

     A little startled.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  You see what can happen when you go
messing with temporal paradoxes?

     CU. RYOKO A

          RYOKO A:  I haven't done anything, yet.

25   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     A chill, evening wind blows through wooded hills.  Tilt
down to house--a single figure is sitting alone on a front
patio.

     CU. LANIA

     Looking over the side of the hill.

          LANIA:  (calling out)  Yes, Ayeka.  I'm sitting
with my back turned.  You can finish me, if you choose.

     PATIO

     Azaka and Kamidake float into view from the sides,
hovering near Lania.  Ayeka slides open a door and emerges,
holding a plate.

          AYEKA:  Why would I wish to murder you?

          LANIA:  That's what you do, isn't it?  You use
people, then murder them.

          AYEKA:  (almost amused)  You must have me confused
with someone else.

     Ayeka closes the door and sits next to Lania.

          AYEKA:  Really, Lania.  Your wit is not very
sharp.  I would have expected your insults to be more
creative.

          LANIA:  I'm not the poet.  My scars are more than
just figurative ones.

          AYEKA:  (wryly amused)  You think a lot of
yourself.  To me, you seem pretty pathetic.  You talk and
you conspire--but can you really act?

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  (matter-of-factly)  I'm just disappointed
I didn't actually kill Mihoshi.  Now, where am I going to
find someone who's worth killing?

     CU. AYEKA

     Holding out the plate.

          AYEKA:  Here, Lania.  Tenchi's honorable father
prepared this.  I'm certain it will meet with your approval.
(frowning for a moment)  I assure you, it isn't poisoned.

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  How thoughtful.  (refusing the plate)  I
won't dirty my palate with your notions of food.  (looking
around)  I prefer to make my own food.

     CU. AYEKA

     Taking the plate again.

          AYEKA:  (softly)  If that's your idea of bait, you
need to work on your technique.  You should draw out some
kindness from me, first--then squash it with your notion of
truth.

     PATIO

     Lania stands, about to walk away, then folds her arms.

          LANIA:  Okay.  I'll admit I have some preferences.
I would consider it merciful for me to take out some dagger
and plunge it into your chest.

          AYEKA:  Really?

          LANIA:  You killed my mother--you've hurt me worse
than if you'd stabbed me.

          AYEKA:  (smirking)  You are your mother's
daughter, aren't you?

          LANIA:  (starting to bridle)  You can look at me
and doubt my heritage?  I'd doubt my father, first.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (chuckling)  That isn't what I was
suggesting.  I merely wish to know what's stopping you.  Why
not wreak some vengeance upon me?  Can't you prove yourself?

     CU. LANIA

     Trembling in anger.

          LANIA:  Just give me one good reason I shouldn't.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  I doubt you possess the courage.  Sure,
you would pay with your life, but you would have your
revenge.  What's more important?

     CU. LANIA

     Grim for a moment, then very calm.

          LANIA:  You really know how to bait someone.  You
Juraians are a treacherous, tricky lot.

     PATIO

     Ayeka gets up, leaving the plate, and faces Lania.

          AYEKA:  I wasn't baiting you, Lania.  I look at
you and I see nothing but a frightened child.  Just look at
yourself.  You're disgusting.

     Lania scowls, upset.

          LANIA:  I don't have to listen to this--

          AYEKA:  Aren't you curious?

          LANIA:  (muttering)  You bitch!

          AYEKA:  I promise what I have to tell you will
torment you, the more so if you refuse to hear me out.

     CU. LANIA

     Seething in anger for a moment, then calm.

          LANIA:  All right.  I'll hear you out.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  I want you to promise me something, first.

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  (amused)  Another proposal?  I can't wait.
What's it to be?  Information?  Some favor, perhaps?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Promise you won't let anything happen to
Lord Tenchi.

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  Tenchi?

     CU. AYEKA

     Frowning, a little impatient.

          AYEKA:  Promise, or all my secrets die with me.

     PATIO

     Lania considers for a moment, then bursts out laughing.

          LANIA:  Oh, okay.  Whatever you say, Princess.

          AYEKA:  Promise.

          LANIA:  I swear on all I hold dear.  (a little
perplexed)  Why would I let anything happen to Tenchi?  I
like him.

          AYEKA:  You like him?  (considering)  Assuming you
hold anything dear...  All right, I'll tell you.

          LANIA:  This had better be good.

          AYEKA:  (a little hesitant)  First of all, Tenchi
is mine.  If I am fated to be anyone's lover, it is with
him.

          LANIA:  (laughing)  Oh, I bet Sasami would love to
hear that.

          AYEKA:  She could never deny it.  She even once
admitted it.  As for your mother, I did not murder your
mother--contrary to what you have been told.  I suspect
Belena and the others suggested these things to guide your
sympathies.  You know how much their opinions are worth, do
you not?

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  I know you don't trust anyone in a rival
faction.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Yes.  Aside from that, there are many
other convenient suspicions you have been fed on.  You must
have wondered why such things occur, though.  People don't
just rob each other of life for no reason.

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  People, yes.  You're an animal.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  An animal?  Would an animal beg to save
someone else's life?

     PATIO

     Lania looks at Ayeka briefly, then around again.

          AYEKA:  Your mother was murdered by your father,
not by me.

          LANIA:  My father!

          AYEKA:  Your father and I were not lovers as you
might imagine us, but we were close.  I had hoped that when
you were born, I could persuade him to save your mother's
life.  He didn't want to take any chances.

          LANIA:  My grandfather knew!  He was using me, all
along.  What have I done?

          AYEKA:  Something you cannot undo, Lania.  Now,
you must make amends.  From now on, stop trying to resolve
the past.  There are no more Juraians or pirates, anymore.
(turning toward the door)  Azaka, Kamidake--keep guard on
Lania.  Make sure she doesn't do anything stupid.

          AZAKA:  Yes, your highness.

          KAMIDAKE:  Count on us, Princess.

     Ayeka goes back inside, leaving Lania with the
untouched plate.  Lania sits again, looking back down.

26   EXT. MASAKI SHRINE

     Evening has settled around the little shrine.

27   INT. SHRINE

     Funaho is sitting at the table, drinking tea, as Yosho
writes.

          FUNAHO:  I noticed you did not join us for dinner.
Ryoko made a very interesting toast.

          YOSHO:  I can imagine.  Mother, I do not always
need company.  I would prefer some quiet contemplation.

          FUNAHO:  (thinking for a moment)  You're still
worried about the exchange.  Perhaps it would ease your mind
to know that the emperor has selected Alpha.  It seemed an
appropriate choice.

          YOSHO:  Ah, yes.  He can make amends while making
our exchange.  Very appropriate, indeed.

     CU. FUNAHO

     A little irritated.

          FUNAHO:  He is treating the exchange like a thing
we wish to hide.  You know it will be attacked for sure,
now--if only by the merely curious.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  If you will excuse me for saying so, I
think that is the most appropriate part.

     CU. FUNAHO

     Picking up her tea, a little reflexively.

28   INT. MAIN HALL

     Misaki is sitting at the table with Ryo-Ohki, looking
over some notes.

          MISAKI:  Which do you like better?  'From now on'
or 'from henceforth'?  A solemn occasion needs a solemn
speech.

     CU. RYO-OHKI

     Ryo-Ohki merely stares at Misaki for a moment.

     CU. MISAKI

     Scowling in surprise.

          MISAKI:  Yeah, you're right.  'From now on' has a
lot better feel to it.  It flows right into the invocation
and the dedications.

29   INT. KITCHEN

     Sasami is holding Michiko, drinking some tea, as Tenchi
and Mihoshi are talking.

          MIHOSHI:  Wasn't that Lania out on the patio?

          TENCHI:  I think so.

          MIHOSHI:  Isn't it cold out there?

          SASAMI:  (looking around)  Maybe you should ask
Ayeka.

          TENCHI:  It looked cold out there.

          MIHOSHI:  How long has she been living on Leo-
three?

          SASAMI:  The past ten or so years.

          MIHOSHI:  It's mostly deserts, isn't it?

          TENCHI:  The desert gets pretty cold at night,
Mihoshi.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh yeah, I know that--doesn't she want
to come in?

          TENCHI:  I invited her, but I think she's still a
little self-conscious--you know, after nearly killing you,
that is.

          MIHOSHI:  (frowning)  Poor kid.  She must be
really paranoid.

          SASAMI:  You aren't upset about what she did to
you?

          MIHOSHI:  I'd rather not talk about that, if you
don't mind.

     Tenchi and Sasami exchange a look as Mihoshi leaves the
kitchen.

30   EXT. SPACE

     A huge cargo ship emerges from a vortex, spiraling out
of a huge gate, escorted by a pair of pirate warships.

31   INT. CARGO COCKPIT

     Two men pilot the craft--one is very tense as the other
one heaves a sigh.  (The first one is Masahiro--a fairly
warm and somewhat ordinary-looking man with thoughtful
expressions.  His wide-eyed expression at the console belies
a tendency to recite clever, little aphorisms.  The second
one is Fujiro--an impish-looking man with a thin face and
smooth, gregarious expressions.  He looks as if he is about
to pull out a bottle of beer and crack a joke.)

          FUJIRO:  (a little amused)  You can relax, now.
If we were gonna get hit, they'd have hit us by now.

          MASAHIRO:  Oh.  (relaxing)  I'll just check our
heading.

          FUJIRO:  Damn!  I hope we do get hit.  All this
sittin' around is boring the crap out of me.

          MASAHIRO:  I heard that.

          FUJIRO:  What do you care?  You're a new guy,
right?

     CU. MASAHIRO

     A little nervous and confused.

          MASAHIRO:  Uh...  Yeah.

     CU. FUJIRO

          FUJIRO:  Don't go doing anything brave.  I don't
want to have to explain you getting your ass shot off.

     CU. MASAHIRO

          MASAHIRO:  Okay.  I heard it's just dirt, anyway.

     CU. FUJIRO

          FUJIRO:  What is?

     CU. MASAHIRO

          MASAHIRO:  What we're hauling.

     COCKPIT

     Fujiro puts his feet up on the console, folding his
arms.

          FUJIRO:  Oh, hell!  We're risking our necks for
dirt?

          MASAHIRO:  (a little scornful)  Hey.  It's Jurai
dirt.

     They both start laughing.

          FUJIRO:  Yeah.  And if you get wasted, they can
bury you in it.

          MASAHIRO:  After they remove all the other
corpses, of course.

          FUJIRO:  Hey, who knows?  We might find the
emperor hiding in it.

          MASAHIRO:  Nah.  More likely we'd find hidden
messages.  (half-serious)  I'll just bet you're a double-
agent, Fujiro.

          FUJIRO:  No way, man.  I'm totally neutral.  I
don't care who runs Jurai--pirates or royal family.  It's
all the same to me.

     A soft beeping sound goes off, as a small light blinks
on their console.

          MASAHIRO:  Raiders?

          FUJIRO:  Damn!  (nervous)  I was just kidding
around about getting hit.  I'm not ready for this!

          MASAHIRO:  Just relax, man.  You can only die
once.

          FUJIRO:  Once is enough!

32   EXT. DIZZYING FIELD

     A small tent, apparently standing in the middle of a
field.  Above, stars can be seen visibly turning in the sky.

     Sasami stands in front of the tent, considering for a
moment, then goes in.

33   INT. TENT

     Sasami sees the alchemist, kneeling before a fire.  The
fire leaps and dances without smoke.  He has a cane across
his lap, and a thoughtful, sad expression.

          ALCHEMIST:  Welcome again, young one.  I see you
have returned.

     CU. SASAMI

     She narrows her eyes thoughtfully and considers for a
moment.

          SASAMI:  Is this real?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

     He smiles and gestures expansively.

          ALCHEMIST:  Real?  My dear, everything is real.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Even fantasy?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  Fantasy is the heart of reality.
Without imagination, there would never be a need for proof.

     TENT

     Sasami sits across from the alchemist.

          SASAMI:  I'm sorry I was so rude, but I don't
really know whether I'm dreaming or awake.

          ALCHEMIST:  Yes.  I see.  Is this a vision or just
some figment of your tortured imagination?  If this is real,
is it happening now, or is it just a vision of the future?

          SASAMI:  (dizzy with confusion)  Please, help me.
I don't know what to do.

          ALCHEMIST:  (pausing in thought)  Now that you
have come to terms with your outside form, I can only help
you with your inside.  I can see by the expression on your
face that your inside form is disturbed.

          SASAMI:  So, how did this happen?

          ALCHEMIST:  This disturbance is always with you.
>From now until the end of your days, you will see only what
you have inside of you.  This is your destiny.  You see,
once you become one with someone else, it cannot be undone.

     CU. SASAMI

     Nervous, but eager.

          SASAMI:  I want to make a deal.

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  You may offer, and I will listen.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (grim)  Tell me how to end this torment.
I need peace.

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  (folding his arms)  What will you give
me in return?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Anything you ask.

     TENT

     The alchemist shifts into a sitting position, and
considers carefully.

          ALCHEMIST:  I'm afraid I cannot.

          SASAMI:  You can't?  Why is that?

          ALCHEMIST:  Because it's too late.  You have
already become the incarnation of your torment.

     Sasami stands, very upset.

          SASAMI:  No!  That's not true.  I can stop it.

     The alchemist looks down, sadly.

          ALCHEMIST:  For you, Sasami, I can offer no hope.
I can only offer my pity.  Take it for what it's worth.

     CU. SASAMI

     Wide-eyed and speechless with fear.

34   EXT. DIZZYING FIELD

     Sasami bursts from the tent, tripping over her own feet
as she reaches for a spiral staircase.  The staircase
vanishes just before she can touch it, and she rolls over--
looking upward.

35   EXT. DIZZYING SKY

     The stars very clearly turn in a visible way--not fast,
but very noticeable.

36   EXT. DIZZYING FIELD

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (barely audible)  This can't be
happening.  (calming down)  Where is my little Michiko?
That damn girl is never around.  (sighing)  Why do I bother?
She never listens to me, anyway.  I could blow up the moon,
and she'd never notice.

     FIELD

     Sasami sits up, considering the sky.

          SASAMI:  Here, there is no moon--just stars.  How
appropriate that they look like little pinpoints.  They
provide the most visible constants and frame symbols in our
minds, but they are so far out of reach they may as well be
infinitely far away.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  What a pitiful thing it is to actually
reach out and find them!  Why did we even try to go?  Where
did we think we were going?  We could go from one end of the
heavens to the other and still be right back where we were,
to begin with.  (disgusted)  I still don't know where I
began to live.  I don't belong anywhere!  Nothing is my
home.

     FIELD

     Ryo-Ohki appears in child-form and looks at Sasami.
She goes and stands near.

          SASAMI:  (sadly)  Ryo-Ohki?

     Ryo-Ohki looks on her pitifully, and gives her a hug.

37   INT. TENCHI'S BEDROOM

     Sasami sits up, almost relieved.  She looks over at the
crib and sees Michiko, asleep.  She turns and sees Tenchi,
looking back up at her.

          TENCHI:  Another bad dream?

     Sasami hugs him as he sits up.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi, do you love me?

          TENCHI:  Huh?  Yeah, sure I love you.

     She releases him and considers, very serious.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Tenchi, I'm serious.  I really want to
know.  Do you love me?

     CU. TENCHI

     Scowling with thought, a little irritated.

          TENCHI:  Of course, I love you.  What are you
saying?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Don't play games with me, Tenchi.  I'm
not putting up with all this for nothing.  I want to know
how much you love me.

     BEDROOM

     Tenchi pauses for a moment in thought, then hugs her
again.

          TENCHI:  (earnestly)  With all my heart, Sasami.
Now, go back to sleep.  We have a big day, tomorrow.  Don't
get cold feet.

     Tenchi lays back down and closes his eyes.  Sasami lays
down beside him, calmly considering.

38   EXT. SPACE

     Tsunami is escorting a couple of Jurai battleships and
the cargo ship.  They approach a hyperspace gate.

39   INT. TSUNAMI'S BRIG

     Masahiro and Fujiro are standing, apparently, on a
grassy knob of a hill, surrounded by browned branches in
interlocked weaving--just wide enough to tease the mind with
thoughts of escape.

     Fujiro is attempting to escape, and branches keep
getting in his way, as Masahiro sits, a little disconsolate.

          MASAHIRO:  Hey, Fujiro.  What happened?

          FUJIRO:  I'd say we've been captured.

          MASAHIRO:  No, I meant about the raiders.  I
didn't see what happened.

          FUJIRO:  (looking around)  Neither did I.

          MASAHIRO:  But you were at the Nav-Comm.  You must
have seen something.

     CU. FUJIRO

          FUJIRO:  Masahiro, all I know is one moment we saw
a swarm of raiders--next moment, they were attacked by a
swarm of mercenaries.

     CU. MASAHIRO

          MASAHIRO:  Didn't Kardanna take all the
mercenaries of Jurai hostage?

     CU. FUJIRO

          FUJIRO:  That's what I thought.  The emperor must
have gotten some new ones.

     CU. MASAHIRO

          MASAHIRO:  I wonder how they got the money to do
that.

     BRIG

     Fujiro nearly strangles himself on a branch and finally
decides to pull away and stop.

          FUJIRO:  Damn Juraian royalty.  I should have
known they had something buried away for a special occasion.

          MASAHIRO:  Special?  What's so special about a big
ship full of dirt?

          FUJIRO:  It's Juraian dirt.  You remeber?

          MASAHIRO:  Oh, right.  The royal trees.

40   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     A bold, first quarter-moon peeks out from behind the
clouds.  Tilt down to a tree, where Lania sits, looking down
from a high branch.

     CU. LANIA

     She narrows her eyes, continuing to look downward.

     TREE

     Lania begins to climb down.

41   EXT. PATH

     Ryoko A is silently following Ryoko B.  Ryoko B looks
around, annoyed, and continues down the path.

     CU. RYOKO B

     She stops as Ryoko A teleports in front of her.

          RYOKO B:  Would you leave me alone, already?

     PATH

     Ryoko A folds her arms, stubbornly blocking the way.

          RYOKO A:  Where do you think you're going?

          RYOKO B:  Away from you.

          RYOKO A:  Why don't you just teleport around?

          RYOKO B:  What good would that do?

     Lania appears at the bottom of a nearby tree.  Azaka
and Kamidake lurk nearby.

          LANIA:  Hey, Ryoko!

          RYOKO B:  What?

          RYOKO A:  Hey, who are you?

          RYOKO B:  Are you that girl who tried to kill
Mihoshi?

     CU. LANIA

     Musing, trying to resolve some curiosity.

          LANIA:  You don't remember me?

     CU. RYOKO A

          RYOKO A:  I think I would have remembered you, had
I seen you.

     CU. RYOKO B

          RYOKO B:  Am I supposed to know you?

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  Don't tell me you forgot.  You were
standing right next to me when I stabbed her.

     PATH

     Ryoko B scowls in disgust as Ryoko A flares in anger.

          RYOKO A:  Why, you little monster!

          RYOKO B:  What are you doing here?  Why haven't
you been locked up in a prison, somewhere?

          LANIA:  I am in a prison.  I'm stuck here.
(gesturing)  You see Ayeka's guardians over there?

     Ryoko B looks around, thoughtfully, as Ryoko A
approaches Lania.

          RYOKO A:  That's never stopped an elite pirate
before.  What's stopping you from escaping?

          LANIA:  (pausing for a moment)  Why are you here,
Ryoko?  Why are there two of you?

          RYOKO A:  I don't know why there are two of me.
Anyway, it's none of your business.

          RYOKO B:  Come on, Ryoko.  This kid is an animal.
She's just trying to toy with us.

     CU. LANIA

     She smiles and looks down at her feet.

          LANIA:  Oh, I see.  You're here for Tenchi.

     CU. RYOKO B

     Flaring in anger.

          RYOKO B:  You little bitch!

     CU. RYOKO A

     Calm, a little amused.

          RYOKO A:  I'm not here for anybody but myself.
I've forgotten what happened to me the past couple weeks.
I'm only here to try to convince Washu to help me get my
memories back.  She's not helping, though, and being a
little stubborn about it.

     PATH

     Ryoko B approaches the other two.

          LANIA:  Really?  That's too bad.  Ayeka seems to
think that she's Tenchi's destiny--despite the fact that
Tenchi is obviously Sasami's.

     Lania looks up briefly at Ryoko B, and smiles again.

          RYOKO A:  What the--?

          LANIA:  Yes, I see I've hit the mark.  You miss
him, don't you?

          RYOKO B:  (softly)  Don't you know it isn't polite
to tease a complete stranger?

          RYOKO A:  Yeah.  Where are your manners?

     CU. LANIA

     Still looking down, chuckling to herself.

          LANIA:  You can fool yourself, Ryoko, but you
can't fool me.  I've seen that look before.  You have a
broken heart, right?

     CU. RYOKO B

     Wide-eyed with shock, a little embarrassed.

     CU. RYOKO A

     Frowning with anger.

          RYOKO A:  I'm telling you, kid.  You'd better shut
up.

     CU. LANIA

     She looks up at Ryoko B, suddenly serious.

          LANIA:  Should I?  That sounded like a jealous
threat, to me.  (pausing for a moment)  Let me guess--you
two--I mean yourself and Tenchi--were lovers.  You were
close in many ways.

     CU. RYOKO B

     Turning red from embarrassment.

     CU. RYOKO A

     Seething with anger.

     PATH

     Lania nods to herself and looks down again.

          LANIA:  (softly)  You still dream about him, don't
you?  You miss his voice, his touch...  His kiss...

     Ryoko B is barely restrained, as Ryoko A fires a punch
at Lania.  Lania catches the punch without even looking up.

          LANIA:  I know.  I'm opening old wounds.  Does it
hurt?

          RYOKO A:  You're awfully brave to talk to me like
this.

     Lania lets Ryoko A go, and Ryoko A looks at herself a
little doubtfully.

          RYOKO B:  To both of us.

          LANIA:  What are you going to do?  Kill me in
front of Ayeka's guardians?  What would Sasami say?

          RYOKO B:  I think she'd thank me and wonder why
she didn't kill you herself, in the first place.

          LANIA:  (defensive, looking up)  Hey!  No need to
get hostile.  I'm just a curious kid.  It's not like I have
anything better to do.

          RYOKO A:  No?  You've never been in love?

          RYOKO B:  Yeah.  Why don't you try being in love,
sometime, then go mock yourself when he breaks your heart.
Come on, Ryoko.  This kid is making me sick.

     CU. LANIA

     Pondering to herself as she looks down, again.

          LANIA:  (VO)  What incredible anger she has!  I
can see why Ayeka thinks someone is trying to hurt Tenchi--
I'd bet anything it's Ryoko she's worried about.

42   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ayeka is sitting at the table, drinking sake, as Funaho
enters--a little casually, obviously not expecting anyone.

          FUNAHO:  Oh, Ayeka.  What are you doing up?

          AYEKA:  I could not sleep.

          FUNAHO:  And here I thought I might bump into
Sasami.  Don't tell me you're getting jitters for her?

          AYEKA:  I thought you were on Leo-three.

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  (a little jaded)  I'm on my way.  I just
needed to check a few security arrangements.  This whole
wedding ceremony is making me nervous.  It's like Sasami has
made herself a target, deliberately.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (looking up, concerned)  You're worried
about Sasami?  Yes, so am I.  I cannot help but think that
Lania may be saving her frustrations for a convenient
moment.

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Funaho pauses for a moment in thought, then sits across
from Ayeka.

          FUNAHO:  What are you drinking?

          AYEKA:  It's nothing, Funaho.

          FUNAHO:  (a little patronizing)  You shouldn't
drink so much, Ayeka.

          AYEKA:  (rolling her eyes)  I can handle it.

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  (annoyed, somewhat firm)  Your father,
the emperor, is still at Alpha.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (softly)  Still making amends?

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  Yes...  A most interesting thing happened
just before our little exchange.  I just heard about it,
myself.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (innocently)  Oh, and what might that have
been?

     CU. FUNAHO

          FUNAHO:  I think you know.  You found mercenaries
on Alpha, didn't you?  How did you manage to find the money
to hire them?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (chuckling)  Yes, our little army would
never venture into space over a shipment of dirt.  I knew we
might have need of some extra friends.  When Mihoshi found a
small cache of treasure--

     CU. FUNAHO

     Wide-eyed in surprise.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (wryly amused)  Yes, I thought it was
surprising, myself.  I left instructions for how it was to
be used.  I can see it was used wisely.

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Ayeka takes a drink, and then continues.

          AYEKA:  I trust your instructions will be followed
with as much diligence.

          FUNAHO:  I can't take the chance that they won't.

          AYEKA:  (wistful)  I see.  You're going to go weed
out the profiteers.  Best of luck, Funaho.

          FUNAHO:  Thank you.  I could use all the luck I
can get.

          AYEKA:  Not an easy task, I take it.

          FUNAHO:  It's bad enough trying to renovate a
palace.  Just try looking for honest contractors to handle a
foundation that needs to last for over ten thousand years.

43   INT. SHRINE

     Misaki is sitting at the table, looking over her plans,
as Ryo-Ohki lies asleep (cabbit-form), nearby.  Misaki lifts
a pen, about to write by the light of a candle.

     CU. MISAKI

     She writes, scowls and scratches something out.

          MISAKI:  (absently)  I keep forgetting.  The 'of
Jurai' only applies to members of the royal family.
(sighing)  I hope that girl doesn't change her mind again.
I wonder if she really knows who she wants to be.

44   INT. TSUNAMI SHIP

     Light streams from trees under a dark ceiling--
apparently far above.  Tenchi stands considering the figure
of Tsunami--standing in front of the largest tree--bathed in
light from all around her.

     CU. TSUNAMI

          TSUNAMI:  I am Tsunami, the flagship of Jurai--and
we are inside of myself.

     SHIP

          TENCHI:  Inside of you?  But you're human.  Wait,
I get it.  You own this ship, right?

          TSUNAMI:  No.  The owner of this ship is Sasami.

          TENCHI:  Sasami?

     CU. TSUNAMI

          TSUNAMI:  Yes.  (explaining)  You see, what I am
is the mind of this ship.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  You're like a human version of Ryo-Ohki?
Oh my god!  Ryo-Ohki--  Where is everyone?

     CU. TSUNAMI

          TSUNAMI:  I can detect Ryo-Oh's key seventy light-
seconds from us, at this moment.

     SHIP

     Wide, overhead shot.  The dark, glassy floor radiates
briefly and shows a space-shot of the Soja.

          TENCHI:  (worried)  Are they still alive?

          TSUNAMI:  I feel Ryo-Oh's key responding from
within Soja.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (looking down)  Alive...

          TSUNAMI:  (OC)  They must be in close combat.

          TENCHI:  (looking up)  Combat?  Are they really
fighting over there on that ship?  (a little stern)  Please,
take me there.  We have to get in there!

     CU. TSUNAMI

          TSUNAMI:  Tenchi, listen to me.  I cannot leave
this ship, and I cannot ask you to leave, either.  This
fighting is because of me, and I must face this alone.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  But I can't just stand here!  What am I
supposed to do?

     CU. TSUNAMI

          TSUNAMI:  Don't worry, Tenchi.  Kagato thinks he
can defeat me, but he doesn't yet have the power.  If I move
quickly, I can defeat him.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  How will you do that?

     CU. TSUNAMI

          TSUNAMI:  (a little grim)  You'll see.

45   INT. SOJA

     Kagato's 'chapel.'  An elaborate floorway between
flanking arches, leading up to the largest pipe organ in the
universe.  Little monuments float here and there, encased in
magically hovering spheres.  A huge pillar stands at the
base of a small stairway.  Another pillar has collapsed in
ruin, nearby.

     Kagato has turned to face Ryoko--sitting on the floor,
as the gems in her wrists spark lightning into the emblems
on the floor.

     CU. KAGATO

          KAGATO:  There is one final use for you.  When you
lose consciousness, all the power from your gems will be
will be Soja's to use.

     SOJA

     Picking up Ryoko by the forehead with his left hand.

          KAGATO:  It's a pity, Ryoko, that you won't live
to see me as the ruler of the entire universe.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  I'm sorry, Tenchi--

     CU. KAGATO

     His arm begins dissolving from the elbow up, and he
looks on in shock.  A flash of light strikes and Kagato
reels backwards.

          KAGATO:  Argh!  What was that?

46   INT. SOJA

     Three-way split-screen with Washu, Ayeka and Mihoshi in
close-up.

          AYEKA:  Tenchi!

47   INT. TSUNAMI

     Tsunami frowns, very annoyed.

          TSUNAMI:  Tenchi.  I wish you had thought a little
harder about all this.

48   INT. SOJA

     Kagato has Tenchi by the wrist, looking very smug.

          KAGATO:  What's the matter?  Your sword doesn't
help anymore?

     CU. KAGATO

          KAGATO:  If only you had left these women behind,
you could have remained alive.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (fierce)  I would rather die than forsake
any one of them.

     SOJA

     Kagato laughs, villainously, as he hurls Tenchi into a
pillar base.

     CU. KAGATO

          KAGATO:  That's all right with me, cause I have
all the gems.

     SOJA

     Wide shot showing Kagato spreading his arms in triumph,
laughing.

     CU. RYOKO

     Crying out in pain, as the gems erupt in smoky green
arms.

     CU. TENCHI-SWORD

     The two gems in the sword arc in bursts of green
lightning.

     CU. KAGATO

     His hair grows as he radiates power, laughing.  He
holds out his hands, wide-eyed with ecstasy.

          KAGATO:  Marvellous power.  Splendid.  (laughing)
Come to me now, Tsunami!

49   INT. TSUNAMI

     A quick shot of Tsunami standing under the tree,
looking very stern.  Sasami--standing in the reflection--
lets out a short gasp.

50   INT. SOJA

     Tenchi looks on in disbelief.

          TENCHI:  No.  This can't be the end.

51   EXT. SPACE

     Tsunami approaches the Soja, as a scary-looking docking
port opens in the Soja.

52   INT. TSUNAMI

     CU. SASAMI

     Looking on, upside-down.  She covers her face with her
hands.

          SASAMI:  Tsunami!  I'm scared!

53   INT. SOJA

     Kagato stands with his hands outstretched, as if he can
reach out and touch Tsunami.

          KAGATO:  It won't be long, now.  Your power joined
with mine--

54   INT. TSUNAMI

     Tsunami considers carefully.  She holds out a rather
large crystal orb in her hands.

     CU. TSUNAMI

          TSUNAMI:  (softly)  There is nothing to fear.

55   INT. SOJA

     Kagato appears shocked.

          KAGATO:  Hey!  She can't do this!  Her power
should not be able to reach me!

56   EXT. SPACE

     Tsunami radiates small spheres of white light, gleaming
violently for a moment, then curving out toward the Soja.
The Soja shudders for a moment, then darkens.

57   INT. SOJA

     Kagato is furious, trembling with anger.  He starts to
shrivel as his power fades.

          KAGATO:  She isn't transmitting her power--she's
absorbing mine!  Argh!  How dare she take my power!

58   INT. SOJA (reversed-world)

     Ayeka, Mihoshi and Washu look on through Washu's
display in a bit of shock.

          AYEKA:  What is Tsunami doing?

          WASHU:  I don't know.  I guess Tsunami came
prepared for Kagato the way Kagato came prepared for her.
The hunter has become the hunted.

59   INT. TSUNAMI

     Tsunami looks on, her stern expression changing to a
look of worry, as the orb radiates more and more.

          SASAMI:  Tsunami--!

     Kagato appears in a hazy, translucent form, glaring at
Tsunami.

          KAGATO:  (softly, grim)  I won't be defeated so
easily.

60   INT. SOJA

     Kagato looks back at Tenchi for a moment, smiling, then
vanishes.

61   INT. TSUNAMI

     Tsunami reels in shock, as she sees Kagato emerge from
the floor, taking her by the ankle.

          KAGATO:  (whispering)  Our powers will be joined
together, one way or another...

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (gasping)  Tenchi, I'm--

62   INT. TENCHI'S BEDROOM

     Sasami awakens, hardly daring to move.  She looks over
at Tenchi, then sighs.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi, I need to tell you something.

          TENCHI:  (sleepily)  Yeah.

          SASAMI:  I think I understand, now.  The paradox
is because of me.  It has nothing to do with Ryoko, and it's
not because of the future.  It's because of the past.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (a little more alert)  The past?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Yeah.  I remember two different things.
I could never remember one of them before.  Now, I know.
The pit trap gave me a vision of the other reality.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Pit trap?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  It's hard to explain, but I was dead.
That's all I can tell you, Tenchi.  Sorry.

63   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Early pre-dawn haze fills the cloudless sky.  Tilt
around to nearby trees--where a figure sits, apparently
looking out toward the lake.  Azaka and Kamidake stand
nearby.

     CU. LANIA

     She shivers for a moment, then frowns in thought.

          LANIA:  (to herself)  Tengo los huesos muertos.

64   INT. STUDY (b/w-flashback)

     Tenchi and Lania are sitting at the table--the chess
board has been removed and replaced with some books and
notes.  Lania is resting her head in her arms--folded on the
table.

          TENCHI:  Huh?

          LANIA:  (looking up)  Tengo los huesos muertos.
I'm dead tired.

          TENCHI:  (somewhat amused)  I think the expression
is 'los huesos molidos.'

          LANIA:  Really?  I think it should be 'muertos.'

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Well, trust me.  It's not.  Why are you
so dead tired, Lania?

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  (muttering)  I just want to be an ordinary
human being.  Can't everybody just leave me alone?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Huh?

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  (looking down)  Never mind.

65   EXT. TREES

     Lania sits, pondering.  She leans back against the tree
and folds her arms.

          LANIA:  (VO)  I can't let Ryoko hurt Tenchi.  I've
got to stop her.

66   EXT. TENCHI'S HOUSE

     A hazy purple glow descends as the day approaches
evening.  The sky darkens for a moment as the air fills with
shimmering streams of descending blossoms.

67   INT. MAIN HALL

     Kimiko is sitting as she raises a cup to her lips,
looking at the statue.

          KIMIKO:  (VO)  Well, today is the day.

     She gets up, alarmed.

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  What the hell?

68   EXT. SPACE

     A pair of Juraian battleships approach, as Tsunami
turns toward Leo-three.

69   INT. LEAD BATTLESHIP

     A huge platform leads up to an elaborate throne--where
Azusa sits, flanked by various councilors and lackeys.

     CU. AZUSA

          AZUSA:  Now is the time.  If we press our
advantage...  What the hell?

70   EXT. SPACE

     Tsunami flickers and vanishes.

71   EXT. TENCHI'S HOUSE

     The air is filled with glimmering rays, like a fog lit
up by a thousand flashlights.

     CU. KIMIKO

     Squinting through the haze.

          KIMIKO:  Already?

     WALKWAY

     A pair of figures appear on the walkway surrounded by a
throng.  The pair of figures are Masahiro and Fujiro.  The
throng is a large group of Juraians in elaborate uniforms--
many of them look very perplexed.

     Kimiko, intrigued by the appearance of the pair,
approaches them.

          KIMIKO:  What just happened?

     Masahiro looks dumbfounded, as Fujiro confronts Kimiko.

          FUJIRO:  Hey, don't ask us.  We've been locked up
for who knows how long.

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  What happened to Tsunami?

     CU. MASAHIRO

          MASAHIRO:  Who?

     CU. FUJIRO

          FUJIRO:  Tsunami?  Oh hell, we were on the
flagship the whole time?  (a little overwhelmed)  I've got
to go sit down.

72   EXT. WASHU'S LABORATORY

     Washu is sitting at her console, watching crabs dance
across the display as a monstrous explosion goes off nearby,
billowing smoke and dust through the air.

     CU. WASHU

     Very surprised, covering her face with her arms.

          WASHU:  Holy crap!

73   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Dawn has brightened to early day over a relatively
peaceful scene.

74   INT. KITCHEN

     Sasami is standing next to the stove, looking across
the room blankly.  She reels somewhat, as if dizzy, then
turns to the stove.

     A moment later, Washu enters--her clothes covered with
dust and still smoking.  Sasami looks around, surprised for
a moment, then sighing with resignation.

          WASHU:  (barely able to speak)  What the hell just
happened?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (casual)  Good morning, Washu.  Big day,
today.  I hope you're ready.

     CU. WASHU

     Still a little stunned, but suspicious--staring at
Sasami as she turns back to her cooking.

75   EXT. TREES

     Yosho approaches Azaka and Kamidake at the edge of the
clearing.  A figure sits up in a high branch of a tree.

          YOSHO:  Good morning.  I trust the night was
uneventful.

     Azaka and Kamidake glide up next to him, tilting
slightly in salute.

          AZAKA:  The girl did not move from this spot, all
night.

          KAMIDAKE:  We kept a sharp watch at all times.

     Yosho nods to himself and looks up into the tree.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  Lania!  Get down here!  I need to speak
with you!

     TREES

     The figure in the tree doesn't move.

          YOSHO:  Lania!  (looking back down)  Is she
asleep?  (looking up)  Hey!

          AZAKA:  She must be asleep.  She just climbed up
there an hour ago--

     CU. YOSHO

     Frowning, as he looks back down and rubs his chin.

          YOSHO:  She isn't asleep.  She isn't here at all.
Damn!

     TREES

     Yosho stalks off, upset, as Azaka and Kamidake float up
into the tree.

     CU. AZAKA

          AZAKA:  Well, I'll be--

     CU. KAMIDAKE

          KAMIDAKE:  Clever little fox.

     CU. TREE BRANCH

     Clearly a holographic projection of Lania, emanating
from a small jewel--lodged in a crook of the branch.

76   INT. MAIN HALL (table)

     Washu returns to the main hall, looking around.  Ayeka
sits with Misaki, drinking tea.  Ryo-Ohki is sitting next to
Ayeka (cabbit-form).

          WASHU:  (to Ayeka)  Where's Ryoko?

          AYEKA:  (wistfully)  No idea.  I suppose she's
still fighting with herself--or trying to make it appear
that she is not.  My sister is in the kitchen, as I said?

     CU. WASHU

     Still too stunned to frame a coherent thought.

          WASHU:  I think so.

77   INT. RYOKO'S ROOM

     Ryoko A and B are sitting, as if in meditation.  Ryoko
A looks up, alarmed. They both take out a glowing sword.

          RYOKO A:  Did you sense that?

          RYOKO B:  (cautious)  Sense what?

     CU. RYOKO A

     Her best imitation of a thousand-yard stare.

          RYOKO A:  Like someone dancing on my grave.

     CU. RYOKO B

     She looks at Ryoko A and then back at the sword in her
hands.

          RYOKO B:  Uh...  This is probably just nothing,
but don't I only have one of these?

     ROOM

     They look at the swords, suspiciously, then at each
other.

          RYOKO A:  They're really just the same sword.

          RYOKO B:  Yeah, but there's two--

          RYOKO A:  (annoyed)  One!

78   INT. MASAKI SHRINE

     Tenchi is sitting in front of an end table.  The end
table has an ordinary compartment and some books on it.
Tenchi is holding Michiko.  He looks through the pile and
finds one book.

     Michiko reaches out to touch the book, and Tenchi
smiles at her.

          TENCHI:  You know what this is?

     Michiko looks around, somewhat glassy-eyed, as if
unaware of anything.

          TENCHI:  Transactions from that year.  I was
looking right at it, when Yosho caught me looking for that
stupid key.  I can't believe it.

     CU. TENCHI

     Opening up the book, curiously.

          TENCHI:  How could I be so stupid?  If you want to
learn the secrets of the ancients, you have to look through
their transaction records.  Receipts, payments, trades...
It's all right here--

     CU. SHRINE DOOR

     It slides open, ominously.

     CU. TENCHI

     Flinching in shock, turning to stare at the door for a
moment, then closing the book again.

     SHRINE

     Tenchi looks up and sees Sasami looking down at him.
She is sitting on the end table.

          SASAMI:  All right, Tenchi.  What are you up to,
now?  (taking the book)  'Accounts and Transactions--' You
are a naughty boy, aren't you, Tenchi?

          TENCHI:  I was just curious.  Honest.

     CU. SASAMI

     Chuckling, she looks down at the book in her hands and
flips it open.

          SASAMI:  Really, Tenchi!  What were you hoping to
learn from this?

     CU. TENCHI

     Chuckling nervously.

          TENCHI:  Oh, nothing.  I just had some silly
ideas.

     CU. SASAMI

     Her smile fades as she reads the page where Tenchi had
turned.

          SASAMI:  Nothing, huh?  (softly)  Why does Yosho
keep a record of these things?

     She snaps the book shut with one hand, annoyed.  She
looks up, blankly, with a little alarm in her eyes.

          SASAMI:  Yosho must be mad.  The marginal
notations alone would have made him a marked man.  (looking
down at Tenchi)  Sorry, Tenchi, but there are just some
things people were never meant to know.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Huh?

     SHRINE

     Yosho enters, looking around curiously, then smiling
nervously.

          YOSHO:  Tenchi--  Sasami?  What are you two doing?

     Sasami smiles, putting the book under one arm.

          SASAMI:  Nothing, my brother.  Just clearing up a
few mysteries.

          TENCHI:  Just an honest mistake, really.

     CU. YOSHO

     Frowning, trying to detect some clue about the book.

          YOSHO:  Really?  I have warned you before about
curiosity, haven't I, Tenchi?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (playful)  Why, Yosho!  Is that a veiled
threat?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (serious)  What are you two arguing
about?  Geez.  It's not like I'm looking for love letters or
gambling debts, you know.

     SHRINE

     Yosho looks down at Tenchi, somewhat grim and scornful,
as Sasami looks at Yosho, a little bewildered.

79   EXT. WOODED HILLSIDE

     The trees are very calm as a shadowy figure lurks
between the trunks.  A slight glint flickers through,
suggesting something metallic.

     CU. LANIA

     She is standing next to a tree, attaching pieces of
what appear to be a small blaster together.  She slides a
bolt back and pulls it into shape--forming a handle in one
end.  She then carefully points it at the ground and scans
around.

          LANIA:  (softly)  Here we are.  What a nice place
for an ambush.  Too bad I can see it, myself, Ryoko.  I'll
have a nice clear shot of your head if you hide here.

     CU. RYOKO B

     She suddenly appears behind Lania, smugly unsurprised.

          RYOKO B:  A blaster, huh?  I should have known.
You elite pirate scum always use the most lethal kinds.

     HILLSIDE

     Ryoko A appears a moment later.

          RYOKO A:  Where did you hide that, Lania?
Juraians are very careful about how they search people.

     Lania turns her head, glaring at Ryoko B.

          LANIA:  You won't stop me, Ryoko.  I know you have
it in for Tenchi.  I'm going to make sure I keep my promise
to Ayeka.  Azaka!  Kamidake!

     The guardians appear in a flash.  Ryoko A and B look a
little stunned with confusion.

          LANIA:  You heard what Ayeka said to me.  Ryoko is
the most likely threat.  I'm making sure Tenchi doesn't get
hurt.  Take hold of her.  Make sure she doesn't get away.

     The guardians hesitate for a moment, turning to each
other, doubtfully.

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  (furious)  What are you waiting for?!  You
know she can teleport!  Do it, quickly!

     She looks down the hillside.

     HILLSIDE

     The guardians trap the Ryokos--one each, as Lania looks
downward.

          LANIA:  (sighing)  Just in time.  There's Tenchi
and Yosho, now.

          RYOKO A:  (collecting herself)  Azaka!  Are you
mad?  Get away from me!

          RYOKO B:  Kamidake!  Let me go!  This girl is
crazy, I tell you!

80   EXT. MASAKI SHRINE

     Tenchi stands on the front porch, still holding
Michiko, as he talks with Yosho.

          TENCHI:  That's what happened?  Oh, wow!  I always
thought Dad paid for those renovations.  When he told me you
had some money hidden away, I always thought he was kidding.

     Yosho chuckles, as he claps Tenchi on the shoulder.

          YOSHO:  I'm relieved, Tenchi.  Here, I thought you
were trying to find something to blackmail me with.

     Tenchi laughs out loud as he bounces Michiko slightly.

          TENCHI:  Oh, come on, Grandpa!  Me?  Blackmail
you?

     They both laugh and suddenly stop laughing as the
ground starts shaking.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  What the--?

81   EXT. WOODED HILLSIDE

     Ryoko A and B manage to free themselves a moment before
the quake hits, and they fly straight at Lania--Ryoko B
reaching for the pistol.

     CU. LANIA

     Reeling for balance.

          LANIA:  Whoa!  What's up with the ground?

     CU. RYOKO B

     Just barely managing to drop the pistol.

          RYOKO B:  Hells bells!

     HILLSIDE

     The pistol goes off and rips a hole through the air, an
ear-splitting clap of thunder blasting through, a split-
second later.

82   EXT. MASAKI SHRINE

     One of the front window panes explodes as a bolt of
energy flashes through.  Tenchi and Yosho flinch in shock, a
moment later.

          YOSHO:  (alarmed)  What was that?

     CU. TENCHI

     Somehow managing to keep his balance, holding Michiko
and grasping a sudden burst of insight all at the same time.

          TENCHI:  Sasami!

83   INT. SHRINE

     The ground is still trembling violently as Tenchi and
Yosho manage to get under the door frame.  Tenchi looks in,
but there is no one in sight.  The previously mentioned book
is lying on the floor among shards of broken glass--face
down.

          TENCHI:  What happened?

          YOSHO:  I don't know.  She must have gone when the
quake hit.

          TENCHI:  But she can't just disappear like that,
can she?

          YOSHO:  I wish I could say.

84   EXT. WOODED HILLSIDE

     Lania is babbling in shock, as she points at Ryoko.

          LANIA:  How the hell--?!

          RYOKO:  Get to cover, you crazy bitch!

     Azaka and Kamidake fly off, leaving Ryoko glaring at
Lania--who is stunned with shock.

     CU. RYOKO

     Snarling with impatience.

          RYOKO:  Come on!  Didn't you hear me?

     HILLSIDE

     Ryoko snatches Lania by the arm and flies off with her.

85   INT. MAIN HALL

     The windows are shattering as the walls are trembling,
but holding.  Ayeka and Misaki stand under a door frame.
Ayeka is holding Ryo-Ohki.

          MISAKI:  This kind of thing doesn't happen all the
time, does it?

          AYEKA:  Sorry.  This is my first.

     Ryo-Ohki meows in sympathy.  Washu appears a moment
later, still a little dirty.

          WASHU:  Well, I guess this makes the question of
who blew up my time machine a little moot, huh?

86   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     The sky is bright and clear--a calm, sunny afternoon.
A figure in a suit walks up to the front.

     CU. NOBOYUKI

     Examining the front of the house, proudly.

          NOBOYUKI:  Hey!  It held up nicely.  Nice bit of
work, if I do say so myself.

     FRONT PORCH

     He gives one of the supports a little kick and it
shivers for a moment, holding firmly.

87   INT. MAIN HALL

     Tenchi and Mihoshi are sitting next to each other at
the sofa--Mihoshi holding Michiko--as Funaho appears in the
doorway.  Ayeka, Ryoko and Washu are sitting at the table.

          FUNAHO:  (softly)  I'm afraid I didn't have any
luck.  Don't tell Tenchi, but Tsunami disappeared, too.

          AYEKA:  What does Mother think?

     Looking back around toward the kitchen.

          FUNAHO:  (grim)  I don't know.  I'm afraid to ask.
She's just standing there, staring at all the pots and pans.

     CU. TENCHI

     Standing, wide-eyed in shock.

          TENCHI:  What was that?

     MAIN HALL

     Noboyuki enters, looking calm and cheerful.

          NOBOYUKI:  Boy, is it a nice day, or what?

     Tenchi sits back down, very grim and disappointed.  The
others turn and glare at Noboyuki angrily.

     CU. NOBOYUKI

          NOBOYUKI:  (very casual)  What?

88   INT. MAIN HALL

     Night has fallen, leaving Tenchi sitting alone with
Ayeka.  Ayeka is knitting, otherwise looking very calm.
Tenchi sighs and scowls, looking at Ayeka.

          AYEKA:  Hmm...?

          TENCHI:  Oh, you're still here?

          AYEKA:  Of course, Lord Tenchi.  Where else can I
go?

          TENCHI:  Oh.

     Tenchi gets up to leave.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (musing)  You going back to Leo?

     CU. TENCHI

     Looking back around, sadly.

          TENCHI:  No.

     CU. AYEKA

     Looking up, brightly.

          AYEKA:  Cheer up, Tenchi.  She may not be dead,
after all.

     CU. TENCHI

     A little stunned for a moment, then flaring in anger.

          TENCHI:  Ayeka!  (calming quickly)  I'll never
love again.

     MAIN HALL

     Ayeka nervously returns to her knitting as Tenchi
leaves, still trembling in anger.

          AYEKA:  My, my.  How marvelously familiar this
all seems.

89   INT. TENCHI'S BEDROOM

     Tenchi enters, seeing Michiko in the crib--Ryoko
standing over her.

          RYOKO:  You know, I think I'm starting to get the
hang of this.  Michiko just went right to sleep.

     Michiko promptly awakens and begins crying.  Tenchi, a
little irritated, goes and picks up Michiko, comforting her
as Ryoko pouts a little.

          RYOKO:  What?  What did I do?

     CU. TENCHI

     Trying to calm Michiko.

          TENCHI:  Ryoko!  You didn't try to feed her, did
you?

     CU. RYOKO

     Sullen and startled for a moment, then a little angry.

          RYOKO:  Hey, I'm not stupid.  I fed her just like
Washu showed me.  Anyway, she probably just woke up because
of you.

     CU. TENCHI

     Glaring at Ryoko sternly.

          TENCHI:  I doubt that.  (to Michiko)  Oh, my baby.
Daddy's here.  Don't cry.  I'll make sure to take good care
of you.  (casting a glance at Ryoko)  No scary monsters are
going to get you, tonight.

     BEDROOM

     Ryoko slumps and sighs, defeated.

          RYOKO:  (softly)  All right.  I know when I'm not
wanted.

     Ryoko flickers and vanishes.  Michiko promptly calms
and starts to sleep.  Tenchi gently places her back in the
crib.  Tenchi sits at the bed for a moment, holding himself
briefly.

          TENCHI:  (softly)  Goodnight, my little angel.  Be
grateful for Ryoko.  She's probably the reason you're still
here.

90   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ayeka is sitting at the table, drinking.  Ryoko enters
and looks around, flinching in disgust.

          RYOKO:  You!  Don't you ever leave?

          AYEKA:  Me?  You're the interloper here, not me.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  You're some princess, now, huh?  A fallen
empire, a dead ex-sister and an ex-lover to go with your ex-
prospect.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  You make quite the space pirate, yourself.
You cannot even account for your actions, much less who you
pretend to be.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  I had everything under control until you
started giving Lania ideas.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  I seem to recall Lania saying that the
discharge was your fault.  Can you deny it?

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Ryoko flares in anger for a moment, then sits at the
table.

          RYOKO:  You'd better pour me one of those.

          AYEKA:  Really?  I thought you were too good to
consume along with the rest of us.

     Ryoko grabs a bottle of sake and starts to pour a drink
for herself.  She considers the cup for a moment, then downs
it in one gulp.

          RYOKO:  Why the hell are we still fighting?

          AYEKA:  I believe you were accusing me of
trespass.  As you should well know, this is my family's
property.

          RYOKO:  Yeah, but why are we fighting?

     CU. AYEKA

     Pausing for a moment.  She sighs and takes another
drink.

          AYEKA:  Because we enjoy it.

     CU. RYOKO

     Ryoko smiles sadistically and lifts her cup.

          RYOKO:  Here's to all our fights.  May we continue
fighting like this till the end of time.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (to herself)  How revolting.

91   EXT. MASAKI SHRINE

     Yosho is hammering away at some repairs to the windows,
as bright morning shines.  Tenchi and Mihoshi go up to the
steps, watching Yosho work for a moment.  Yosho turns and
stops.

          YOSHO:  Good morning, Mihoshi.  Good morning,
Tenchi.

          TENCHI:  Good morning, Grandpa.  How's the work
going?

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  Oh, just fine, thank you.  I've repaired
this building more than once, you know.  Is there anything I
can do for you, Tenchi?  I wish I could offer more than
sympathy.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  It's all right, Grandpa.  Is Lania still
here?  I wanted to have a word with her.

     SHRINE

     Yosho puts down his tools and goes to the steps, just
above Tenchi and Mihoshi.  He flexes his hands as he removes
his gloves.

          YOSHO:  Tenchi, are you sure about this?  Lania
seemed pretty upset.  I tried to comfort her, but she just
kept groaning all night.

          TENCHI:  Yeah, that's what I thought.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  We've been talking about it, and we feel
pretty bad for her.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  Really?  Even you, Mihoshi?  You know she
tried to murder you just a few days ago.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  It wasn't her fault, Grandpa.  Lania just
didn't want to be forced to stay on Leo-three.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  I'm not a child, Yosho.  I know why
Lania did what she did.  I just want to know if she knows.

     STEPS

     Yosho pauses in thought for a moment, then steps aside.

          YOSHO:  Lania is still inside.  Be my guest.

          TENCHI:  Thanks, Grandpa.  This won't take long.

92   INT. SHRINE

     Lania sits at the table, drinking some tea as she looks
up at Tenchi and Mihoshi.  Tenchi looks very worried.  Lania
stares, apparently right through them.

          MIHOSHI:  Maybe this was a bad idea.

          TENCHI:  No.  This is right.  I feel it.  (going
over to the table)  Lania, I just want you to know that I
don't blame any of this on you.

          MIHOSHI:  Yeah.  Neither do I.

     Mihoshi continues to stand as Tenchi sits at the table.

          TENCHI:  The truth is, we feel bad for you.

     CU. LANIA

     Still in a mild state of shock.

          LANIA:  Oh?  Okay...

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  You mind if I sit here?

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  I don't mind.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Are you going to be all right?

     SHRINE

     Lania looks around, a little disbelieving.

          LANIA:  This is a joke, right?

          MIHOSHI:  No.  We really are worried about you.

          LANIA:  (chuckling)  You are just kidding around?
I mean, if I wasn't here, you'd be just fine.  Ryoko would
have never lost her memories.  Mihoshi would still have her
old leg.  Tenchi, you'd probably be all set with Sasami.  I
just ruined your lives, you know that?

          TENCHI:  (softly)  It wasn't your fault, Lania.
Like I keep telling Mihoshi and everyone else--it was just a
bizarre coincidence.  These things just happen.

     CU. LANIA

     Very grim for a moment, then laughing hysterically.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (to Mihoshi)  Maybe this was a bad idea.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Come on, Tenchi.  I think Lania has lost
her mind.  Little wonder, too.

     CU. LANIA

     Gesturing to them.

          LANIA:  Wait, wait, wait.  I want to show you
something.  I just learned it last night.

     CU. TENCHI

     Standing and looking back around, curious.

          TENCHI:  What?

     SHRINE

     Lania smiles as the flickering form of a single light
hawk wing appears.  Mihoshi gasps.

          TENCHI:  Was that--?  How did you do that?

          LANIA:  I'm afraid it's a secret, Tenchi.  I was a
little rash, and I learned a few things no human being
should ever know.  (looking up)  I only learned in the first
place because I was so angry at myself.

          TENCHI:  Did Sasami teach you that?

          LANIA:  In a way.  (looking back down)  I wish I
could have learned the way Sasami would have wanted.  (to
Tenchi)  I'm sorry, but I really am responsible.  I can't
blame anyone else.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  So, it wasn't fate?  You planned it?

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  Well, no--

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Yeah.  She might not even be dead.  She
was in a paradox, after all.

     CU. LANIA

          LANIA:  (remorseful)  Sorry, Tenchi, but she
really is dead.  I know.  It came to me in a vision.  She
said she could only return in a dream, now.

     SHRINE

     Tenchi smiles, curiously.

          TENCHI:  Oh, that's just because she's shy.  She'd
return, if she really were dead, though.

          MIHOSHI:  Sasami wouldn't let a little thing like
death get in the way of her friendship with me.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Yeah, if I know Sasami, she's probably
just as upset as we are.  She's not dead.

          SASAMI:  (OC)  That just shows how little you
really know about me, Tenchi.

     SHRINE

     Tenchi and Mihoshi look around in shock as Lania smiles
and Sasami folds her arms, glaring at Tenchi.  A soft, eery
glow surrounds Sasami--like she is standing in front of
slowly rotating bulb.

          SASAMI:  I may be dead but I'm not stupid.

          MIHOSHI:  Sasami?  Oh, boy...

     Mihoshi faints, as Tenchi stares in complete shock.
Sasami looks over at Lania, wryly amused.

          SASAMI:  You see why I have to appear in visions?

93   INT. KITCHEN

     Sasami, now the relentless specter, is standing over
the stove, happily making breakfast.  With one hand, she
holds a spoon--stirring in a pot--as the other hand passes
through the door of a cabinet, returning with some spices.

     Tenchi is standing beside her, ready to help at any
moment--still a little dumbfounded.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (softly)  I've always wanted to be able
to do that.  (smiling at Tenchi)  Ryoko's not the only one
who can walk through walls, now.

     KITCHEN

     Ryoko enters, sees Sasami and quickly exits again.  A
moment passes as Tenchi exchanges a look with Sasami.  Ryoko
enters again and hits herself very firmly.

          RYOKO:  Oh, come on!  What the hell is going on
here?

     Washu walks in and starts laughing.

          WASHU:  I knew it!

     Washu promptly walks back out, still laughing.  Ryoko
walks up to Sasami and tries to touch her.  Her hand passes
right through.

     CU. RYOKO

     She looks at her hand and hits the counter with it,
flinching in pain.

     CU. SASAMI

     Rolling her eyes.

          SASAMI:  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  I'm a ghost.  Why are
you so surprised, Ryoko?  It's not like you've never seen a
ghost before.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  I never saw one I knew personally.  At
least, not that I recall, anyway.

     KITCHEN

     Ayeka enters, about to politely ask something.

          AYEKA:  What is all this--?

     Tenchi and Ryoko look at her, briefly, then back at the
pot.

          RYOKO:  So, what are you making, Sasami?

          SASAMI:  It's a surprise.  Just wait.

     CU. AYEKA

     Ayeka blinks a few times, and scowls in thought.  She
looks around--as if attempting to find her bearings.

          AYEKA:  (soft contralto)  Oh, I'm dreaming.  That
must be it.  (softly chuckling)

     KITCHEN

     Ayeka turns and stiffly exits.

     CU. SASAMI

     She looks back at the stove and sighs.

          SASAMI:  Ayeka always has trouble accepting
reality.  I sometimes like to humor her.

     KITCHEN

     Funaho enters, holding Michiko.

          FUNAHO:  (casual)  Tenchi, I wonder if you've
thought about living on--  (looking up)  Hello?
(doubtfully)  Sasami?  Is that you?

     Sasami smiles and looks around.

          SASAMI:  Yeah, but don't tell Mother.  She's upset
enough as it is.

          FUNAHO:  I wouldn't dream of it.  Lucky for you,
Misaki is not here.  (to Tenchi)  Uh, you seem a little busy
at the moment.  I'll leave you with the others.

     Funaho turns and exits again.

     CU. RYOKO

     Frowning, grimly curious.

          RYOKO:  All right, Sasami.  What happened?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  What do you mean, Ryoko?

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  How did you get killed?  We never found a
body.

     CU. SASAMI

     A little mortified, reluctant.

          SASAMI:  Well, it's kinda complicated.  You see,
my past and my future were in conflict.  When my future was
resolved, it resolved my past.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  The paradoxes canceled each other out.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  What?

     CU. SASAMI

     Rolling her eyes.

          SASAMI:  It's okay, Ryoko.  I'll explain it later.
Tenchi and I need to discuss something.

     KITCHEN

          RYOKO:  Oh...

     Ryoko ponders for a moment, then vanishes.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi, we still share a part of each
other--well, you still have a part of me.  All I have are
memories, now.

          TENCHI:  Yeah.  I mean, I still feel it.

          SASAMI:  I don't really need to go anywhere.
Technically, I'm living in a higher dimension, but everyone
else there looks down on me.  I hate being an object of
pity.

          TENCHI:  Pity?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  You don't mind if keep living here, do
you?  I don't need to eat or sleep, and I promise I wouldn't
make a mess of things.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (briefly considering)  Hey, I can't
imagine living without you.  You may be dead, but that
doesn't mean I've stopped loving you.

     CU. SASAMI

     Sighing gently, a look of worry.

          SASAMI:  Yeah, I know.  Even like this, I can't
let go of my feelings, either.

     KITCHEN

     Tenchi scratches his head, nervously.

          TENCHI:  You do love me, right?

          SASAMI:  Huh?

          TENCHI:  Well, you're dead.  You know...

          SASAMI:  (amused)  It's okay, Tenchi.  Don't
worry.  I love you with all my heart.  (sigh)  I just wish
we could really be together.

94   EXT. LAKE EDGE

     Tenchi wanders to the shore of the lake, as it glistens
in midday sunshine.  He sees Ryo-Ohki (still in her cabbit-
form) and picks her up, gently petting her.

          TENCHI:  Hey there, girl.  I haven't seen you
around very much.  Have you just been avoiding all this?

     CU. RYO-OHKI

     She looks a little sullen and introspective.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  I know.  It isn't easy to lose someone.
Things have gotten really weird, but it's nothing we can't
handle, huh?

     CU. RYO-OHKI

     Still a little sullen.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  She isn't really gone, though.  I don't
think you'll miss her too much, huh?

     CU. RYO-OHKI

     She looks down, calmly, then back up in shock.  She
leaps from Tenchi's hands.

     CU. TENCHI

     Looking around at Ryo-Ohki in surprise.

     LAKE EDGE

     Sasami appears and swats Tenchi on the arm.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi, you idiot!

          TENCHI:  Huh?

          SASAMI:  You just want to make your father proud
of you?

          TENCHI:  (a little shocked)  Oh, wow.  I thought
that was just a dream.

     Ryoko appears a moment later, looking around smugly.

          RYOKO:  Sasami just tried to twist the ultimate
paradox.

     Sasami folds her arms, pouting, as Ryoko laughs.

          TENCHI:  Ryoko, if I had known then what I know
now--

          RYOKO:  Yeah, yeah.  You'd change it all.  Don't
insult me.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  It's not an insult, Ryoko.  I just see
things differently.  That's all.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  I think we've all changed, Tenchi.
(sighing)  Now that I think about it, I probably would have
never let you stop caring about the others.  They were my
friends, too.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  You mean, we're not your friends anymore?

     LAKE EDGE

     Sasami folds her arms, narrowing her eyes.

          SASAMI:  When were you ever my friend, Ryoko?

          RYOKO:  (defensive)  Well...  All the time.
Really.

          SASAMI:  Really?

          RYOKO:  Well, yeah.  I mean, I didn't come out and
say it, but you know I was.

          SASAMI:  Oh, come off it, Ryoko.  You were jealous
of me the whole time.  You still are.

          RYOKO:  All right.  Fine.  I admit it.  I was
jealous.  (subdued)  That doesn't mean I hated you.

     CU. SASAMI

     Her expression softening.

          SASAMI:  Yeah?  You liked me?

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  We were friends.  Let's just leave it at
that, huh?

     CU. TENCHI

     Covering his mouth, almost smiling.

     CU. RYOKO

     Snarling, looking at Tenchi.

          RYOKO:  You are an idiot, Tenchi.  Sasami is
right.  You may look a thousand times better now than you
did then, but I think your brain has turned to mush.  I'd
never stop caring about you.

     LAKE EDGE

     Ryoko and Sasami vanish, leaving Tenchi by himself.

          TENCHI:  (to himself)  Yeah.  I can't change,
either.

95   EXT. TENCHI'S HOUSE

     Several Juraians are standing outside, looking at the
large red planet, hanging high overhead in the night sky.

96   INT. KITCHEN

     A few officers are standing around at a counter, as
Kimiko sits with Masahiro and Fujiro, looking over some
plates of food.

          KIMIKO:  It belongs to a friend of mine--a pupil,
actually.  It's more of a summer home, though.  I don't
think he'll be back any time soon.

          FUJIRO:  So, it's okay if we hang out here for a
while--just till things calm down a little?

          KIMIKO:  Oh yeah.  (gesturing)  This house was
designed for big parties, you know.

          MASAHIRO:  Really?  It seemed a little old-
fashioned, to me.

          KIMIKO:  It's patterned after the ancient palaces
of old Leo-three.

          FUJIRO:  Sorry, but I don't remember those.

          KIMIKO:  Those were around over twenty-thousand
years ago, right in the middle of the last desert age.  I'm
not surprised you don't remember.

          FUJIRO:  So, you read about it?

          KIMIKO:  I was there.  I helped design some of
those ancient palaces.

     CU. FUJIRO

          FUJIRO:  No kidding?

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  Hey, would I lie to you?

97   EXT. WASHU'S LABORATORY

     Washu looks sadly over some of the old parts of her old
time machine.  A hole in the air opens and she tosses them
in, sighing gently.  The crab-chime jingles as the alchemist
enters.

          WASHU:  It's about time.  I was wondering when
you'd show up.

          ALCHEMIST:  Just avoiding some nasty arguments.
You know how I hate to stir up trouble.

          WASHU:  (amused)  Actually, you seem to thrive on
conflict.  I recall a certain promise you made to me.

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  Ah, yes.  Right, you are.  Since I am
not likely to stay Ryoko's master, it is fairly certain I
will have to make you my own apprentice.  I cannot, in
honor, make any other arrangement.

          RYOKO:  (OC)  So, you were jerking me around?

     LAB

     Ryoko and Sasami have appeared, as the alchemist
flinches in shock.

          ALCHEMIST:  Hardly.  As you should well know, I
was fully capable of making my end of the arrangement.  You
can't possibly expect me fulfill it, now.

          SASAMI:  Why not?  Don't you have your word?
Doesn't a promise mean anything to you?

          ALCHEMIST:  Well...

          RYOKO:  Yeah.

          WASHU:  Ryoko, don't be silly.  You know the old
man is at his wit's end.  He's just an alchemist--not a
miracle worker.

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  Don't test me, Ryoko.  And, Washu, I
don't need you to defend me.  I was simply hoping to spare
the boy's feelings.  (to Sasami)  Would you have me deny him
his greatest wish?  (to Ryoko)  You want me to help you
break his heart?

     LAB

     Sasami and Ryoko both pout, annoyed, as Washu looks
grimly amused.

          WASHU:  Well, it looks like it's up to me.  (to
the alchemist)  I'd love to learn the art, but I'm not
really interested right now.  Maybe some other time.

          ALCHEMIST:  You aren't tired of all this silly
science nonsense?

          WASHU:  Not just yet.  Humor me for a little
while.  I'll get back to you.

     The alchemist ponders for a moment, rubbing his chin,
then bows.

          ALCHEMIST:  Oh, very well.  I'll leave you for a
little while.

     The alchemist turns and leaves.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  You're turning down an apprenticeship?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  You know what you're doing, right?

     CU. WASHU

     Smiling, a devilishly clever grin.

          WASHU:  Trust me.  (to Ryoko)  You wouldn't mind
tutoring me, first, would you?

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Huh?  Oh, sure.  There's nothing to it.  I
just wish I had the full range.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Let's have some fun with this guy, first.

THE END

***

Yeah, that's it.  The end.  (Well, unless I get around to
working on yet another trilogy...)  I'd like to take a
moment to acknowledge a few of the people who made all this
possible:

     "Ayeka" <RyokosHeart@aol.com>, owner of FTFF--
<ForeverTenchiFanFiction@egroups.com>--without whom, these
efforts would have probably been tossed into the circular
file.  Thanks!
     Emily "Mink" Koh <mink249@aol.com>, for inspired Tenchi
enthusiasm and a few of her own works for which I feel some
affection.
     Aldrich "GenSao" Bautista <gensao@tmffa.com>, owner of
TMFFA--for giving this work a nice little retirement home.
     Thanks to all the members of FTFF.  Stay tuned!  I'm
still working on quite a few other adventures...

***

One last epigram:

     "Why do you let her give you heartache?" she asked.

     "Because I still love her, I suppose," he answered, a
bit too quickly, as though he had rehearsed it.

     "Does _she_ love you?"

     "Yeah, I guess she does."  He paused, then added in a
contemplative monotone, "Yeah.  I'm quite certain she does.
Otherwise we wouldn't try to kill each other so hard.  It's
making us both very sick, her loving me."

     -- Harlan Ellison, _Lonelyache_


