Empire Technologies Tenchi, meet your match part two

By Elemen the Bard

blurb:

Prologue to "hearts of darkness and souls of light" part two, beware it gets
darker from this point on.

(Standard disclaimer rambling about AIC/pioneer and Viz comics owning Tenchi
and such, but the full disclaimer is at the bottom.  Also give me a break
this is one of my first fan-fics so, ah never mind let's just get on with
the story)

        Suddenly the wall to Tenchi's left exploded inward, and a small man
walked
through. The man had a turquoise crystal on his head, on his shoulders, on
his chest, and on the tip of his tail. He had no pupil or iris.
        "Hello _Gos_," the man spat. "I'm not here for you this time so get
out of
my way."
        Tenchi turned to see Gos, Raye, and Meshec in attack ready posture.
        "Leave Phantom, or I will make you," Gos stated simply, as if
holding back
a wave of anger that Tenchi would _not_ want to be in the way of.
        "Oh, I wouldn't bet on that, I'm here with a purpose. That is to
destroy
_him_," he pointed at Tenchi. "I am planing for the future, and he might
ruin mine," Phantom jumped at Tenchi only to be met by a wall of fire.
        "No you don't, not while we're here," Raye said, smirking at
Phantom.
Phantom turned to face Raye with a look of pure hatred on his face.
        "_You_. _Have_. _No_. _Right_. _To_. _Do_. _That_. _To_. _Me_!!!"
Phantom
said, his face contorting with rage. "Now. You. Will. Die." Phantom launched
himself at Raye only to find Gos's fist in his face.
        "GGGGGAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!" Phantom yelled, letting his rage
loose. He
attacked Gos with a flurry of punches and kicks that Tenchi would not have
been able to block or dodge. "Having _fun_ yet Royale?!?" Phantom said
launching another set of kicks.
        "Are _you_ Tenerrinyar?" Gos replied, barely blocking the kicks.
Phantom
was stunned.
        "Never use _my_ name like that again!" Phantom said attacking with
more
rage than before. Gos was now able to block the attacks more easily and was
also able to launch counter-strikes.
        "Well this is _fun_, your telegraphing your moves so long before
that this
isn't even a challenge," Gos taunted, getting another hit in on Phantom's
mid-section.
        "Fine," Phantom said simply. He broke off the fight, and stood his
distance. "We shall meet again Royale, soon," Phantom said jumping off into
the distance.
        "And what," Tenchi started, "was that all about?"
        "He was after you," Gos stated, his eyes still looking in the
direction
Phantom had run off in, as if he could still see him. Gos turned and sat
down in a chair that had been overturned by the fight.
        "Well duh," remarked Ryoko. "But why?"
        "Well obviously Tenchi had something to do with something that would
be bad
for him. Ten-- Phantom is only interested in his own well-fare," Raye said,
concern growing on her face.
        "Well we beat him right? I mean he won't come back, will he?" Tenchi
asked.
Gos gave him a grave look.
        "An elemental of Evil does not give up so easily Tenchi," Gos said
Gravely.(A lot of graves around here don't you think?" an elemental force
from beyond commented)
        "Excuse me but what is an elemental?" Tenchi asked.
        "I believe that you refer to them as kami, or gods. Well we know
that there
are many 'Elementals' that rule the universe, but we believe that they are
ruled by one all powerful god. It is a religious belief," Meshec stated.
        "Thank you for that enlightening speech Meshec," Gos said
sarcastically.
        "Oh I'm glad you liked it Gos," Meshec said, latching onto Gos's arm
and
not noticing the tone in his voice.
        "Does she do that a lot?" Ryoko asked.
        "At least once every hour," Gos replied a sweat drop forming on his
head.
Gos Pried Meshec from his arm.
        "Well I guess you can't have everything," Ryoko remarked, smirking
at
Meshec. Meshec stuck her tongue out at Ryoko and tried to latch onto Gos
again.
        "Uh, say Ryoko?" Tenchi said to Ryoko.
        "Yes Tenchi?" Ryoko replied sounding sickeningly sweet.
        "Do you have any idea where Aeka or Sasami are?" Tenchi asked
turning his
head from side to side.
        Ryoko practically pouted. "No Tenchi I haven't seen them, though I
think
Sasami is in the kitchen."
        "Did someone call me?" Sasami asked poking her head into the room.
        "Sasami, do you know where Aeka is?" Tenchi asked turning to face
Sasami.
        "Oh, she's in here with me," Sasami said. "Why?"
        "Uh, no reason," Tenchi said, getting up from his chair. Tenchi's
watch
began to beep again. "What is it Washuu?" he asked raising it to his face.
        "Oh I was just watching your little predicament, and.... MIHOSHI GET
OUT OF
THERE!!" Washuu Yelled the last part as her face turned away from the
camera. A loud crash is heard off screen, Tenchi flinches. "OK, now that,
that’s taken care of. I think I have the solution to your problem."
        "How do you know how to beat him," Gos remarked skeptically.
        "Oh, Let's just say we've faced people like him before," Washuu said
with a
smile.
        "That... is why he's after you then," Meshec stated.
        "Huh!" all gasp, excluding Gos, Raye, and Meshec, and turn twords
her.
        "The answer is simple, */giggle\*, Phantom is after you, because,
well if I
killed one of your friends/minions how would you feel. If you killed one of
his assets he will not give up so easily as only one fight with Gos. Now if
it was something like ten fights per asset lost he might give up, but that
is a big might, */tee-hee\*," Meshec said, giggling some of the time.
Everyone stared at Meshec.
        "Uh, Meshec? Doyouthinkthatthisisalaughingmatter?!?" Raye yelled at
Meshec.
        "No," Meshec cringed.
        "THAN STOP LAUGHING!!" Raye yelled. ("They're worse than you and
Aeka,"
Tenchi commented to Ryoko.)
        "Well now we know why he's after you Tenchi," Ryoko commented.
        "Well, he has something reminiscent of NO power signature, so I
think he
would be affected by Juri power. Also I have decided that if he comes back
we have to use the Dimensional Cannon (TM)," Washuu said Gravely ("There's
another one," the Bard remarked)
        "Washuu! What do you mean use the dimension cannon?!? You use that
to
destroy plains of existence," Ryoko yelled.
        "I know that Ryoko, I built the thing for god's sake! But it has to
be
done, it is the only way that I can see of defeating that monster," Washuu
replied. "Now come to my lab, I have some preparations that need to be taken
care of before we have any chance against it."
        "We'll be right there Washuu," Tenchi said....

****************************************************************************
        Natsu Rian

        "He got you again did he father?" the child asked the darkness.
        "Yes, But he shall not do it again," the father replied. "I,
Tenerrinyar,
vow that I will complete this task. You, Tenarriss, shall help me."
        "But father, how do you think you can use me?" Tenarriss asked his
father.
        "You shall see my son, you shall see," darkness told death. They
turn from
the light of the projected image. The image is of Tenchi's fight with Kagato
and the one with Kain....

****************************************************************************
        Washuu-chan's Lab

        "The dimension cannon is at full capacity Washuu," Aeka called.
        "Good Aeka, now come down here I have something I have to tell all
of you,"
Washuu called, up to Aeka.
        "What is it Washuu?" Tenchi asked, after reaching where Washuu was
standing.
        "Well, I wanted to say that you must remember that his power is
similar to
Kain's NO power signature, so he should be partially susceptible to Juri
energy."
        "What exactly is Juri energy anyway?" Gos asked leaning on Tenchi's
shoulder.
        "Uh, well, uhhh, ya see, some of it is something called tree
lightning, it
uses the power of the space trees to fuel it. Also the rest of the power of
Juri is using the power of something called ki," Washuu responded
        "I and my accociates are familiar with both parts, most of my power
comes
from what you might call 'Tree Lightning' and it is rather effective," Gos
said.
        "You use tree lightning?!?" Washuu exclaimed, her eyes widening to
the size
of dinner plates (like my dad, don't worry it's an in joke," remarked an
elemental voice from beyond).
        "Ye-, OW!" Gos replied as Raye elbowed him in the stomache.
        "Hush Gos," Raye hissed. "What he means is he uses something like
how you
describe what you call 'Tree lightning'. Ya see, he uses the power of a
forest wich is very magicly powerful. It has the ability to destroy many
things, but it's strongest power is that of regeneration, or healing. But
Gos here, preferrs to use the destuctive power," Raye said calmly, except
snarling a bit when talking of Gos.
        "Oooookaaaayyy, whatever," Ryoko said walking off twords the
dimension
cannon. "I don't see why your all worried, Gos's only skill that I've seen
is his speed, and that Phantom guy probably won't be coming ba--," Ryoko was
cut off as she seemingly was grabbed by the throat.
        "Ryoko?" Tenchi said, useing a worried tone.
        "Shadow," Meshec hissed.
        "Who?" Tenchi asked.
        "You mean... Ryoko!" Gos yelled. He ran up to Ryoko and grabbed the
back of
her neck.
        "<Sssssstay out of thisss Royallllle>" a small voice hissed.
        "You are taking one before thier time... that is strictly
prohibited. You
know that Shadow," Gos replied through clenched teeth, releaseing his grip
on Ryoko's neck. Ryoko gasped for air, and fell to her knees from
exasperation.
        "My, my, and since when did you control what I do Royallle?" Shadow
said
matirializing out of nothing. Shadow's form was much like that of Phantom's
exept where there should have been blue crystals, there were crystals as
black as the rest of his body.
        "Use your ability on one of these, who' time is not now, and I
personally
will hunt you down and kill you, even though you are the Grim Reaper," Gos
told the demon.
        "Like you could stop me, oh well I have tried to do what I was sent
here to
do, and failed, so I bid you... adeu," and with that he dissapeared in a
puff of smoke.
        "Well that was original," Raye said sarcasticly.
        "Hello all my admirers and detractors I have returned," Phantom said
dropping from the sky. "And I brought a friend." A person could be seen
wriggleing slung over his shoulder.
        "Aaaaaah! It's satan!" Meshec yelled.
        "Neato," Raye stated.
        "Hey, he's not wearing any pants," Gos said, (hehe INQUEST in joke"
the
bard remarked)
        "Ha, ha, very funny," Phantom sneered. "I think you know this
person," he
said as he dropped the person, who was quite obviosly Nova, on the ground
infront of him.
        "Nova! I didn't even notice he was gone!" Meshec exclaimed.
        "Of course you didn't, when he doesn't want to be noticed, he
isn't," Gos
said.
        "What do you want Phantom?" Tenchi called.
        "And why did you send your son to kill Ryoko?" Raye asked calmly.
        "Shadow is Phantom's son?"
        "I sent him to kill Tenchi's spirit, by any means nessicary,"
Phantom
smirked.
        "You are one evil bastard Phantom, do you know that?" Tenchi asked
        "Yes, I do. Now I shall do what my son was unable to do," Phantom
stepped
on Nova, who gave a dissaproving growl, as he walked twords Tenchi.
        "Miss Washuu what was it that, you, wanted...." Aeka said finally
getting
down from the dimension cannon.
        "Aaahhh, hello my dear," Phantom said as he changed his course, and
jumped
at Aeka. he was hit out of the air by Gos's fist.
        "No you don't," Gos said, as he retracted his fist.
        Phantom looked as if he was about to attack Gos when he got hit in
the side
of his head with an energy blast. It was not thrown by Ryoko. Meshec held
her cupped hands in the direction of where Phantoms head used to be.
        Phantom was even more angry and prepared to strike Meshec, when he
was
engulfed in a pilar of fire. Raye smirked at her handy work.
        "Do you really think you can beat all of us?" Raye asked.
        "Now see your hell incarnate!" yelled Phantom/Tenarinyar, as he
begun the
change into a giant black scaled thing. It had an elongated head that was
made of black and tuquise crystal. It's exoskeleton was made of a simalar
crystal and had barbs all over it. The arms and legs ended with wicked
talons and razor sharp spikes.
        "Scum! you will not win this fight!" yelled Gos, charging a ball of
green
energy in his hand.
        "You are not the one who I came for this time, and you know that
Gos,"
Phantom stated simply, right before he compleatly finished the
transformation and his mouth melted into the rest of his head.
        "These are my friends, and if you fight them you fight me, you know
*that*," Gos replied.
        "And if you fight Gos you fight *us*," Raye and Meshec said
together.
        "Thanks for the help guys, I don't think we can win without you,"
Tenchi
said readopting his defensive posture.
        "<Ahhh well, I guess that only a death can crush your spirit. now
who
first?>" Phantom said/thought, as he looked around. His eyes settled on
Aeka, he narrowed his eyes, and you could almost swear he smiled. His insect
like form took a step forward twords Aeka, who had become suddenly paralyzed
with fear. One step was all it took to reach Aeka, because of his increased
size.
        "AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!" Aeka screamed, as the
taloned and
barbed hand closed on her. It was the last thing she had ever said.....
****************************************************************************
Author's notes:

        As I said before this is one of my first Tenchi fics so Tell me if
you
liked it, in other words send Q&C&C to king_elemen@hotmail.com.
        Don't worry in this storyline I do not take the same prespective on
death
as many normally do. You'll see what I mean later.
        Gos, Raye, and Meshec are my own charictars and I have a compleat
back
ground story for them.
        And, as before I leave you with.... this:

Darkness creeping
Ever seeping
Into this lonely hollow of mine

But my light
Still shines bright
And I'm gonna let it shine

Elemen the bard 1/23/2000

king_elemen@hotmail.com
