from king_elemen@hotmail.com

Empire Technologies Tenchi, meet your match part one

By Elemen the Bard

blurb:

Prologe to "hearts of darkness and souls of light" part one

(Stanard disclaimer ramblings about AIC/pioneer and Viz comics owning Tenchi 
and such, but the full disclaimer is at the bottom.  Also give me a break 
this is one of my first fan-fics so, ah never mind let's just get on with 
the story)

present: masaki house

	The day was bright, the air was humid, and Ryoko was in a bakini, getting a 
tan.  Tenchi, as usual, was tending the fields, and his father, taking the 
oportunity was filming Ryoko lying there.  Sasami was inside cooking lunch, 
and everyone else was enjoying the moment of calm.  Because they knew it 
wouldn't last.
	"Man it's hot," Tenchi remarked wiping his brow with his sleeve.
	"I know, ooohhh, I don't remember the last time it was this hot around 
here," Mihoshi said back, fanning herself with her hand.
	"Unlike me, Mihoshi, you can go inside where there is air conditioning."
	"Oh, that's right, Cya later Tenchi," Mihoshi said as she zipped inside.  
Soon a loud sigh and some hissing can be heard inside.
	"That Mihoshi, hehe, oh well back to work." Tenchi had barely hit the 
ground with his hoe once when his watch beeped at him.  "What the... of 
course Washuu," he brought his watch up and pressed a button that wasn't 
there last night.
	"Tenchi!  Hi!" Washuu said way to cheerfully.
	"Washuu, What did you do to my watch?"
	"Oh don't worry Tenchi I just made it so I could reach you at any time.  
Right now I called you to tell you that I have company."
	"How does your company involve me?"
	"Take a look," the picture suddenly changed to a security cam tape.  It 
showed three people standing in the middle of a specimen tank.  The most 
promenent one was standing on a creature that seemed to have repeated slash 
marks on it, but none had peirced the skin.  The creature was obviously dead 
and the person on it must have killed it.
	The man who was standing on it looked straight at the secure cam, as if he 
knew where it was. He had a long black cloak on, leather boots, and leather 
swordsmen's gauntlets.  His skin was unearthly pale, he had sandy hair and 
was semi-small.  But the most strikeing thing about him was his eyes, the 
size and shape was normal, but he had no pupils.  His irises were there but 
they seemed to engulf the eyes, and they were steel grey.
	The first of his belived associates was a girl who had had sky blue hair 
and seemed to be acting like a more hyper-active Mihoshi.  She wore 
something like a flight jumpsuit and gloves.  No boots.  She also had no 
pupils, but had blue irises.
	His other associate looked a little more normal, even though none of them 
looked exactly normal.  She wore a charcoal grey kimono and had her coal 
black hair back in a pony-tail.  She had pupils but crimson red irises.  She 
acted like a less composed Kiyone.
	"Now this is being transferred to you as the information is recived 
Tenchi," Washuu said snapping him out of his trance.
	"You mean they're there now?"
	"What's up?" Ryoko said, still in her bakini and sliding a hand over his 
shoulder, then pressing against his back.  Tenchi knew that Aeka would show 
up and blow up at Ryoko if he didn't do something quick.  Washuu did it for 
him
	"Ryoko this is important so I would like you, Tenchi, Aeka, Sasami, and 
Ryo-ohki to get to my lab quickly, not Mihoshi this is to important to mess 
up."
	"Huh.  Ok Washuu-chan," Ryoko phased into more suitable clothes and ran 
off.  Nobiyuki can be heard curseing from a window.
	"We'll be right there Washuu," Tenchi said as he pressed the button and ran 
inside.

				*		*		*

	The whole group had convened in Washuu's lab and were discussing what had 
happened.
	"Tenchi soon after you hung up he shot the secure cam," Washuu said, 
unhappy.
	"How did you say they got in again?" asked Aeka.
	"Simple, the secure cam malfuntioned for one second the, photon regester 
went off the scale for one second and when they came back on he had killed 
specimen number: 19237406 and the blue haired one was jumping for joy saying 
things like 'oh Gos oh Gos oh Gos thank you for saving me'," Washuu replied.
	"I dont care how they got here I want to know what they want," Tenchi said, 
looking sirious.
	"What I want is simple," every one turned around to see the trio they were 
discussing standing right behind them.  "I want to go home," the one talking 
was the man.  He looked about two inches shorter that tenchi.
	"I want to be with him," the blue haired one said pointing at the guy.
	"And I owe Gos my life." the kimonoed one said.
	"I'm sorry, but I don't see any birds around here," commented Washuu 
looking around, and acting stupid.
	"My name is Gos," the man said, bowing low to the ground on one knee.
	"My aren't you the prince." Ryoko remarked, sarcasicly.
	"Actually I am," Gos said standing again.
	"Where of?" asked Washuu, seeming very interested.
	"I am not allowed to tell you outright, so," he raised his right hand and 
called out: "Sling: forest sword," immeadiatly a sword shape glowed red in 
the air and a sword fell into his hand.  The Sword's blade was nothing 
special exept it had a little too much light shining off of it, espcially 
because it was in a shadow.  The hilt on the other hand had two gems 
embedded in it.  The first was put where the blade meets the hilt and it 
glowed a faint green glow.  The second was the pommel and it shone with a 
bright green light.
	"Ah-ha!  You gave me two clues and I all ready know where you're a prince 
of," Washuu shouted jumping up out of her new Hover Chair (TM).
	Gos just stared at her in dis belief.  "Your bluffing."
	"Am I, o' prince of dathen."
	Now Gos's eyes were as wide as dinner plates.  "How did you know that?"
	"I watch other universes and you've been in a lot of them."
	"That isn't my fault."
	"Ech-hem, Gos, could you introduce us please," the black haired girl said 
in a purturbed tone.
	"Uhhh, Yeah I was just getting to that," Gos replied, loseing his composure 
into something reminissant of fear.  "My friend over here," he said, 
motioning at the girl in the kimono, "Is named Raye Blaze."
	"I am not _your_ friend," Raye announced, glareing at Gos.
	"Oohhh, introduce me, Gos introduce me," the blue haired girl said jumping 
up and down.
	"And my other friend is named Meshec.  I have a third friend somewhere, but 
I don't know where at the moment."
	"You mean that I have another person running around _my_ lab?" Washuu 
asked, horrified that there might be another person that _she_ didn't 
detect.
	"Well maybe, but I doubt it.  Nova usually finds me when I am in the same 
demension as us--" he was cut off as someone jumped down from above and 
grabbed Gos in a head-lock.
	"Nova!  Hi!" Meshec cried as the humanoid began to noogie Gos vigorously.
	"HA!  Still too slow Gos.  If I could jump ya, how do you expect to beat 
antorell, let alone Phantom," Nova said jumping off of Gos.
	"I make up for my lack of danger sense with power house," Gos said, 
punching  Nova into one of Washuu's machines.
	"Hey! Be careful! You might have damaged something!" Washuu yelped.
	"Yeah, like his friend," muttered Tenchi
	"Nova, no he's fine in fac ther he i--," Gos was cut off by Nova's fist.
	"Weirdos," Raye muttered, "OK, guys let's go somewhere where we can sit," 
she said, decideing that she was tired of standing.
	Gos lost his comosure again and hastily agreed. Nova buryed his face in his 
hands. Meshec was happy (as always), and the normal crew was very confused.

				*#######*#######*

natsu rian(dark portal): past, 1970

	*"I won't let you hurt... My mother!!!!"*
	<he is an interesting one father but why him?> the child of darkness asked 
it's father
	*<because my little one you must plan for the future, this individual might 
help in the toppleing of my empire>* the darkness replied.
	<he is not of this time father,> the boy told the darkness.
	*<I know son, I know,>* and with that the signal feed was lost...
	*"Mother!!!!"*.....

				*#######*########*

Masaki house: present

	"Aaahhhhh, it feels good to sit down," Raye sighed as she melted into the 
couch. More like as she melted the couch, you could hear the fabric sizzle.
	Tenchi looked as if he was trying to catch flies with his mouth it was so 
wide open. He closed his mouth and sat back in his chair. 'Dad is going to 
kill me' Tenchi thought as he knew what had happened to the couch.
	"So why are you here again?" Tenchi asked Gos and his companions.
	"The answer is simple, we are here because I am cused to wander through 
many different universes. (and the authour wanted us here but thats beside 
the) OW!!" Gos said the final part after a brick fell out of nowhere and 
onto his head.
	"That's what you get for revealing the plot," a booming voice said, it was 
the bard.
	"Man, he never lets up, he is such an idiot," Raye remarked looking at Gos.
	Suddenly the wall to Tenchi's left exploded inward, and a small man walked 
through.....
**********************************************************************
Authour's notes:

hi! thanks for reading this, it is one of my first Tenchi fics so how did 
you like it. Oh, send Q&C&C to king_elemen@hotmail.com. hope to recieve lots 
of positive feed back Cya later.



Darkness creeping
Ever seeping
Into this lonely hollow of mine

But my light
Still shines bright
And I'm gonna let it shine

Elemen the bard 1/23/2000

king_elemen@hotmail.com
 