"Endless Dream"

Chapter I: Midnight Reflections

By AlexMax

- = = = = -

"Ah, what a nice day to go for a walk."  Tenchi thought to himself.
And it was.  It was an unseasonably cool day.  The last few days had
gone by in the high nineties, but today was a refreshing break from the
blistering heat of the summer.  It was near the middle of July, that
time of year when Mother Nature let you know it *was* summer, with the
heat to back it up.  Today, it seems like she had finally let up.

Tenchi glanced around at his surroundings.  The trees were covered in
green, providing much-needed shade for the creatures below,  In about
another two or three months, the leaves would start losing color again
and start falling off.  He missed the leaves on the trees during the
winter.  The serene landscape surrounding his home just didn't feel the
same without them.

But Tenchi knew the leaves would fall.  Just like last year...

...which was around the time when he had awakened Ryoko...

Tenchi sighed, and thought back to when his life first was turned
upside-down.

About nine months ago, a series of events happened that Tenchi would
never have guessed would happen, and when it was all said in done,
there were five girls from outer space that had taken residence in his
house.  What used to be a very quiet and very ordinary lifestyle
quickly turned upside down.  He became involved in all sorts of
adventures, from having his house relocated and his school destroyed,
to battling the evil Kagato, to chasing after the infamous Dr. Clay,
whose motives seemed to serve a higher purpose than science.  Those
were certainly wild adventures, and sometimes Tenchi learned a thing or
two about himself and the world around him, but in the end, this always
seemed to work out.

Looking back, though, he couldn't imagine a more fulfilling life.

Things had quieted down in the past few months or so.  After the last
incident with Dr. Clay and the unexpected visit from the Emperor of
Jurai, things had returned to normal.  Or at least as normal as life
could be with four or five girls from outer space living in your
house.  Tenchi enjoyed the relative quiet.

But there was something that bothered him when things slowed down.

Nothing ever *happened*.

As much as Tenchi hated to admit it, he kind of liked in when there
was something interesting going on.  Sure, sometimes interesting meant
saving the world from an evil space pirate, or staring death in the eye
when you are about to be sucked into a black hole, but at least it was
*something*.

It was so quiet that Tenchi had even considered going to Tokyo to
continue his training, once, but he decided against it, favoring
relatively quiet going lifestyle he already had to a new one in Tokyo.
Not that his life was quiet, but Tokyo wasn't the sort of excitement
that Tenchi liked.  He preferred to stay where he was.

Tenchi absorbed the atmosphere and sighed as he walked.  Already, the
sun was becoming lower in the sky and the sky itself was beginning to
turn from blue to a reddish pink.

"Good evening, Lord Tenchi!"

"Yes, welcome home, Lord Tenchi!"

Tenchi snapped back to reality.  He found himself to be at the front
gate of his house, where Azaka and Kamadake were waiting.  He must had
lost himself in thought while he was walking.  He smiled and gave the
guardians a nod of acknowledgement.

"Thank you." said Tenchi, almost as an afterthought.

With that, he continued walking up the path.  He could see his house
quite clearly now.  The evening sun added an orange tone of color to
the normally white and red house.  The nearby lake reflected the sun's
warming rays off of its cool surface, dancing in some pattern that
seemed random and uniform at the same time.  Tenchi admired his
surroundings.  To think that his dad had designed this house, for
himself and his wife...

Unbeknownst to his conscious mind, Tenchi sighed at the thought of his
mother...

...and actually, this location suited the house a lot better than the
crowded neighborhood.  The view of the lake from the house was a lot
better than the view of the street that it used to look out on.  Tenchi
smiled, Ryoko and Ayeka hadn't done a bad job of picking this spot,
however accidentally they may have chosen it.  And not only that, it
allowed him to go to his training a lot more often...although if that
was a good thing or a bad thing was still in question.

Tenchi found himself in front of the door to his house.  Glancing over
his shoulder, he sighed and turned the doorknob...

...and found himself on the ground in a matter of seconds.  Tenchi
yelled, out of surprise, and when he came to his senses, he glanced up
at the figure who had seemingly come out of nowhere, hugging him
tightly.  Much to his dismay, it was Ryoko.

*Dismay?*

Well, maybe dismay wasn't the correct word for this situation.  Ryoko
did have a soft spot for Tenchi, and Tenchi couldn't just brush Ryoko
off.  They had saved each others life on more than one occasion, and
they did care about each other.  Tenchi just wished the she wouldn't
be so...

...Rough.

"Oh, Tenchi!  How I missed you so!" said Ryoko, her eyes shut tightly,
and her embrace almost strangling poor Tenchi.

"Whh....wait a minute, Ryoko...." sputtered Tenchi.  He still hadn't
fully recovered from the shock of a few seconds ago.

Ryoko opened her eyes and looked down at Tenchi, her feline amber eyes
looking straight at him.  She giggled, slightly.

"What?", she asked, as innocently as she could.

"Well...." said Tenchi.  But before he could talk, Ryoko interrupted
him.

"I just missed you *so* much, Tenchi." said Ryoko, with a smile.

"But... Ryoko.... do you think you could let me up?" said Tenchi, still
dumbstruck.

Ryoko smiled.  "Sure" she said.  "All you need to do is ask."  And with
that, she vanished and materialized again, this time upright.  Dusting
off his clothes, Tenchi slowly got up.

"Ryoko, could you please not do that again?" Tenchi said.

Ryokoo looked hurt.  But Tenchi's instinct told him that it was fake.
Small wonder, since Ryoko always seemed to like to play around like
that.

Suddenly, Ryoko smiled again.  She rematerialized beside Tenchi and put
her arm around him.

"So," she said.  "How was sword practice...hmm?"

Tenchi sweated profusely.  "Uh...fine, I guess."  Then, he decided to
end the conversation then and there, before anyone saw them.  "Well, I
gotta' go inside to eat dinner!  See ya' later."

And with that, he ran into the house.  With a sigh, Ryoko vanished.

Tenchi walked into the living room.  Through the windows, Tenchi could
see the sky turn an even deeper shade of red as the sun sank lower in
the sky.  It was a beautiful thing, one of the many small things that
Tenchi appreciated about living in a secluded area as opposed to a
large city.

All of the sudden, Tenchi heard footsteps coming from the kitchen,
running toward the living room.  Tenchi turned around and saw Sasami
stick her head out of the Kitchen.

"Hey Tenchi!" said Sasami.  Then, she yelled "Hey everyone!  Tenchi is
home from training!"

Tenchi smiled.  Sasami was always glad when Tenchi got home.  She
really looked up to him, although obviously not in a romantic way.
After all, she was only ten or eleven.

"Dinner will be ready in about fifteen minutes." announced Sasami.

"Thanks, Sasami.  I'm kinda' hungry, but I think I might have a shower
before then."

Sasami giggled at Tenchi.  Then, she ran back into the kitchen.

Tenchi glanced back into the living room.  He heard footsteps coming
from upstairs, and glanced up the stairwell.  At the top of the stairs,
Ayeka stood there, smiling.  Upon seeing Tenchi, she nodded and spoke

"Good evening, Lord Tenchi."

"Hey there Ayeka!" responded Tenchi, with a smile.  Tenchi liked
Ayeka's gentile manner better than Ryoko's in-your-face attitude.  But
somehow, Ayeka always seemed so ... unreachable.  She was always
walking around with her head held high.  That is, until something had
offended her.  And when it did, her prim and proper manner quickly gave
way to unmatched fury.  Unmated, except for perhaps her biggest rival.

Ryoko, on the other hand, was playful, and seemed to treat almost
everything as a game.  She was so...feline, in her manners, which was
pretty much doing whatever she wanted.  Her play habits often got her
into trouble, sometimes seriously so.  And when it didn't, it certainly
scared the hell out of Tenchi.  And when something got in her way, or
rather, *someone* got in her way, she too had the potential to dish out
much pain and suffering for her part.

Tenchi sighed.  Somehow, it was impossible to dismiss either of the
girls completely.  After all, they both had feelings too.

Ayeka slowly started walking down the stairs, then stopped suddenly
when she was at the bottom.  Tenchi looked at Ayeka.  She seemed to
have a puzzled look on her face.

"Oh my word, Lord Tenchi, you have dust all over your clothes and
face!" said Ayeka, looking over Tenchi.  "How did you get them so
dirty?"

"Ah...well" said Tenchi, nervously putting his hand behind his head.
He glanced down at his clothes.  *Damn, Ryoko made them so dirty when
she knocked me down!* he thought to himself.  But he didn't say a word.
If he told Ayeka that Ryoko had knocked him down, that would only cause
trouble, something he truly didn't need after a long day.

Before Ayeka could inquire into the matter further, Tenchi heard a
voice behind him.

"Hey there Tenchi..."

Tenchi turned around.  Seeing nothing but the top of a stylized hairdo,
he glanced down.  Sure enough, Washu was standing right there, eyeing
him expectantly.  Tenchi continued to stare at Washu.  A look of
surprise came over Washu, but quickly faded and turned into a smile.

"What, aren't you gonna' give little Washu a hug?"

Tenchi stood there, dumbfounded.

"Well....I'm sorry, err..little Washu, but I normally think of you as a
scientist..."

Washu still maintained her smile.

"Oh, forget about that.  Sure, I might be the smartest person in the
universe, but I'm still little."  She brightened her smile even more
and clasped her hands together, for effect.

Tenchi sighed.  He could never seem to figure Washu out.  She always
wanted to be treated like a child, yet she truely had the IQ's of
everyone in the household combined.  She was in her lab all the time,
and was always coming up with some new invention or theory or
calculation.  All of which was way over his head.

And that *sample*, she had tried to get from him that one time...

Tenchi shuddered at the thought.  He still had nightmares about it,
and some of them didn't end up with Mihoshi blundering in on them.
Deciding that it was no use reminding himself of such a thing at this
point, he abandoned that train of thought.

Suddenly, something struck him as odd.

"Washu..." Tenchi started to say.

Washu glared at him.  Tenchi sighed and continued.

"*Little* Washu."

Washu smiled.  "Yes, what is it?"

"Why are you outside of your lab?  You usually never come out of
there."

"Well, to be honest, all I wanted to do was get my dinner and go back
to work.  Normally, Sasami could bring me some dinner, but I have
nothing pressing at the moment, so I decided to come out instead."

Tenchi sighed with relief.  He didn't feel like being a 'guinna pig'
in another experiment right now.

"So....uh..." said Ayeka, trying to figure out a way to change the
subject.  "...how are your experiments doing?"

Washu's face brightened with delight.

"Well, I just figured out how to organize the combined space of matter
in such a way that I can..." said Washu.

Tenchi and Ayeka face-faulted on the spot.

It was a full minute before Washu noticed their expressions and decided to
quit talking.

All of the sudden, the front door slammed.

"Hello?" yelled Tenchi.  But he already knew who it was.

Sure enough, Nobouyki, emerged from the hallway into the living room.

"Hello everyone, I'm home!" he said.  Then, seeing Washu, Ayeka and
Tenchi in the living room, he smiled and waved to them.

"Well, guess who is home early." said Washu, with a smile.

"Yep!" said Nobouyki with a grin.  "I had to work today since I was
working on some big project that I needed to finish before Monday.
But I finished earlier than I expected, so I decided to come home."
He sighed.  "I wish my boss would quit giving me such long hours.  It
would be nice to be around the house for a while."

Tenchi winced.

"Oh come on." said Tenchi.  "You are just trying to work hard so you
won't get fired after that last *incident* with that secretary."

Nobouyki frowned.

"But she was nice enough to get me some tea..."

"That is her *job*, dad.  For the last time, she is *not* trying to
hit on you."

"Still, I don't think that my boss should take it so hard." said
Nobouyki.

"Dad!  That is called sexual harassment!  She could sue the company!
What is he *supposed* to do, give you a slap on the wrist?"

"Well, at least I can feel *comfortable* around women." said Nobouyki.
"*You* on the other hand..."

"...is perfectly comfortable around women." said Ryoko, materializing
with her arm around Tenchi.  "Aren't you, Tenchi." she added, with a
feline smile.

Tenchi nearly jumped out of his skin.

*God, that is the SECOND time today that has happened!*  Tenchi mused
to himself.

Ayeka groaned noticeably, but Ryoko pretended like she didn't notice.

"Aren't you." Ryoko asked again, with a slight giggle.  She started
to slowly trace her finger seductively across Tenchi's chest.

Tenchi started to sweat.  *Oh no, not this again* he thought to
himself.

"Well....uh....well..." Tenchi stammered, trying to think of something
that wouldn't get Ryoko or Ayeka mad at him.  It was always a balancing
act for him, especially in these kidns of situations.  He didn't want
to dismiss either of them, but lately, it had been getting harder and
harder.

He glanced over his shoulder, at Ayeka.  She was balling up her fists,
and noticeably fuming.  He gulped, knowing that the wrong answer would
result in a remarkably nasty fight.

"See what I mean?" said Nobouyki, with a triumphant smile.  "You are
scared of women.  What is there to be scared about?"

Washu started to laugh, finding this situation particularly
entertaining.

"Dad, I am *not* scared of women!" Tenchi said, still fighting Ryoko's
strong grip.  But she held firm, giggling as she watched Tenchi
struggle.  Tenchi slowly turned a beet red.

"Look at you." said Nobouyki.  "You are trying to get away from one of
your girlfriends.  If I was in your position, I would take this
opportunity without a second thought.  If your mother could see you
now..."

"What does mother have to do with it?" yelled Tenchi, trying to pull
Ryoko's arm off of him.  "And what do you mean I should 'take this
opportunity'?"

"Like I said." said Nobouyki ,"you're scared.  You need to..."

"I can see why he would be." muttered Ayeka under her breath.

Ryoko let go of Tenchi and unceremoniously dropped him to the floor
with a thud.  She glared up at Ayeka with a dangerous look.

"What did you say?" growled Ryoko.

"Oh nothing." said Ayeka, with a giggle.  "I was just observing how you
were attempting to seduce Lord Tenchi with such behavior.  With that
kind of behavior, no wonder he is scared of you."

"What's wrong with that?  After all, *I'm* not afraid to show my love
to Tenchi.  You, on the other hand, just sit there, high and mighty,
with your nose straight up in the air, embarrassed because you are
afraid that you might get *contaminated* if anyone touches you." Ryoko
shot back, adding a smirk for extra punch.  Ayeka turned a deep shade
of purple and started to shake.

"How *DARE* you!" spat Ayeka.  "At least I'm not resorting to tactics
of the common tiger, trying to win over a poor, hapless boy by boxing
him into a corner, waiting to devour him like a piece of meat!  I love
Tenchi with every fibre of my being, and you don't see *me* chasing
him."

Tenchi, unbeknownst to both Aykea and Ryoko, started to sweat profusely.

"Hey, little princess, it's first come, first serve." responded Ryoko,
nonchalantly.  "Do you think I would be like you and sit on my ass,
dreaming about him and get *nowhere*?  I just have the courage to
express my feelings, and you don't."

"Humph" said Ayeka, puffing out her chest.  "I don't see him running
away from *me*."

"I don't see you chasing him, princess." Ryoko shot back.  "And you are
in no position to be puffing your chest out at anyone, especially
*me*!" added Ryoko, with a grin, folding her arms on her chest.

Ayeka fumed, getting the point.

"Well, I don't *need* them."  snapped Ayeka.  "For one, my looks alone
could easily get me any man in the universe..."

"Your *crown* could get anyone in the universe!" laughed Ryoko.  Ayeka
apparently ignored this insult and continued.

"...and two, I don't use them for exhibiting myself to other men.
Unlike *someone* I know, for whom that's the only thing she has got
going for her.", finished Ayeka.  She paused briefly, thinking of a
way to antagonize the pirate further, and continued.

"Admit it.  The only reason you are remotely taking *any* interest in
Tenchi-sama is for his body.  Either that, or his gems that will give
you enough power to return to your former vile self.  But in the first
case, why don't you just pack up and leave.  There are *plenty* other
men that would be eager to sleep with you.  Just wander around downtown
Tokyo for a night."

Ryoko's amber eyes were now an inferno of rage and hate.

"Why you little..." growled Ryoko.  But then, something occurred to her.
Deciding to try a different tack one that might catch the princess off
guard, she smiled evilly and spoke:

"And why are *you* taking interest in Tenchi... hmmmm???"  said Ryoko.

Ayeka looked stunned.  She hadn't been prepared for this question.

"I... I..." said Ayeka.  Ryoko had been right, Ayeka wasn't prepared
for this counterattack.  Frantically, her eyes darted around the room,
looking for Tenchi.  Then she saw him.  He was almost at the top of the
stairs.  When Tenchi noticed Ayeka looking at him, he jumped, knowing
he had been spotted.

"Tenchi-sama, where are you going?" asked Ayeka.

"Uhhh... I was just going to take a shower." said Tenchi, nervously.
With that, he ran the rest of the way up the stairs and darted down the
hall, out of sight.

*A shower?* thought Ayeka.  *Why a shower?  He hadn't even had dinner
yet.*  But before she could continue this train of thought, she saw her
adversary floating nonchalantly up the stairs.

"Wait for me, Tenchi!" yelled Ryoko.

"WHAT?!" screamed Ayeka.  "RYOKO!  WHAT IN THE WORLD DO YOU THINK YOU
ARE DOING?!"  A split-second later, she was darting up the stairs,
running after Ryoko.  She caught up with Ryoko as she was rounding the
corner, body slamming Ryoko into the wall, making a noticeable crack in
the wall.  Ryoko got up and glared at Ayeka, her eyes glowing a
dangerous amber.

"What the HELL was that for?" yelled Ryoko.

"Ryoko, I can not permit you to take a shower with Tenchi-sama."
growled Ayeka.

"Really?" said Ryoko.  "I don't see your crown anywhere near here.  So
I want to take a shower with Tenchi.  What's wrong with that?"

"Filthy pirate, I hope you are more intelligent that you are appearing
to be."  spat Ayeka.  "You know as well as I do that it would embarrass
him.  Not to mention the fact that he appalls the very sight of you."

"He can get used to it." said Ryoko, with a sly grin.  "Like I said,
*I'm* not afraid to show my love for Tenchi."

"Showing your love for Tenchi-sama by forcing him to take a shower with
you, in the hopes that he will get used to it?" yelled Ayeka.  "My, you
certainly have a twisted sense of logic."

Ryoko cocked her eyebrow defiantly.  "Twisted or not, I am taking a
shower with Tenchi, and there isn't a damn thing you can do to stop me,
little princess.  I'm warning you, don't get in my way."  And with that
she turned around and started walking toward the bathroom.

Suddenly, she staggered back in pain as a flash of light enveloped the
hallway.  Letting out a yell, she convulsed as the Jurain shock wave
flowed through her body like molten lava.  Staggering, she fell to the
floor.  As she lay there, she heard Ayeka's voice.

"Oh really, you nauseating... *deamon*."

A surge of anger flowed through Ryoko.  Quick as lightning, she was on
her feet again.  With a brilliant flash of orange light, her energy
sword appeared in her hands, the soft glow of the beam reflecting off
of everything in the relatively dark hallway.  Her eyes glowed like hot
coals, and they weren't about to be extinguished yet.

Ayeka was still standing there, unflinching.  A soft glow seemed to
come from her, and beside her the two guardians Azaka and Kamadake sat,
ready to fight.  Her arms were on her hips, daring the demon to attack
her.

In a movement almost too quick to see, Ryoko made a flying leap at Ayeka,
her sword blazing through the air with a soft hum, inaudible over the
scream of fury that came from Ryoko herself.

Meanwhile, in the bathroom down the hall, Tenchi had gotten into the
shower.  As he stepped in, he did a brief check of the walls, floor and
ceiling.  Relieved that Ryoko's face was not sticking out of any of
them, he turned on the hot water.  He breathed a sigh of relief.

Finally, he was alone.

Outside, Tenchi could hear the sound of combat, reverberating into the
bathroom.

*Those girls are at it again.* he thought.  *Well, it was inevitable,
and this time I managed to get out of their way before it started.*

He sighed and lost himself in thought as the shower head sprayed water
over him, massaging him, relaxing him.

Tenchi listened once more.  The sounds of combat still echoed through
the air.  He sighed, and was reaching over for a bar of soap when
something occurred to him.

Those sounds were awfully loud.

Suddenly, Tenchi felt a strange feeling that he was not safe where he
was.  A little voice inside him screamed at him.  *GET OUT OF THERE!
RUN!*.  But Tenchi ignored it.  As long as they were outside...

*Wait a second!  Those sounds are much too loud to be coming from
outside.  Oh my god, they are in the hallway...*  

All of the sudden, there was a very loud and unceremonious
***BOOM***.  As bits of plaster and wood came flying out of the wall,
Tenchi kneeled down and covered his head with his hands, almost certain
that the ceiling was going to cave in on him at any second.  He
trembled, anticipating the worst.

But it never came.

Shivering, Tenchi slowly lowered his hands and stood up.  He glanced
around the bathroom.  Other than a few bits of broken plaster on the
floor, and the fact that there was no longer any water coming out of
the shower head, it didn't look like any major damage had come of it

*Damnit!* Tenchi thought to himself.  *I have to fix the damn plumbing
AGAIN!*

Suddenly, something struck Tenchi as not being quite right.

*Man, it's awfully drafty in here* he thought to himself.

For some odd reason, he heard someone gasp.

*Huh?  That doesn't make any sense either.*

Something clicked in Tenchi's brain, and he didn't like it at all.
Slowly, ever so slowly, he turned around.

There was a big hole in the wall where the door and one of the walls of
the shower had been only a few seconds ago.  On the other side, Ayeka
and Ryoko were staring at him, bug-eyed.  The hall was a mess, with
bits of wood and plaster all over the place, and a huge crater in the
wall, where something had apparently been smashed into it.

The girls continued to stare.  They didn't even bother to blink.

"Ayeka!  Ryoko!" yelled Tenchi.  "What the hell just happened here!?"

Suddenly, something occurred to Tenchi.  He looked down at himself, with
a look of dread.  He was completely naked.  With a loud yell, he
covered himself the best he could with his right hand as his other hand
reached outside the shower for a towel.  Finally grabbing hold of one,
after losing his grip on it several times, he wrapped it around himself
hastily.  Then , he glared at Ayeka and Ryoko.

"What the hell is going on!  I thought I told you two not to fight in
the house?"

There was silence for about fifteen seconds.

"Tenchi-sama." Ayeka said, finally.  "Ryoko was trying to get into the
shower with you.  I was only trying to stop her."

"Yeah?" spat Ryoko. bitterly.   "Well I told you to stay the hell out
of my way."

"Well, what did you expect me to do?" yelled Ayeka.  "Tenchi-sama needs
his privacy, and you were trying to deny him of it.  You just don't get
it, do you.  He *HATES* you.  Can't you see?"

"Hey, what is going on up here?" said Nobouyki, his figure emerging
from around the corner.  Then, he noticed the hole in the Bathroom wall
and Tenchi, with a towel wrapped around his body.  He eyed Ayeka and
Ryoko, who just glared at him.

"Who made this big hole in the wall." said Nobouyki, with a a noticeable
look of surprise on his face.

The two girls pointed to each other.  When they realized that the other
was pointing at them, they growled at each other.

Nobouyki started to sweat.  He nervously backed away.

The two girls continued to glare at each other.  Sparks literally flew
between their gazes as their anger reached new heights.

Suddenly, there was a yell from Tenchi.  The two girls momentarily
broke their glares and glanced over at Tenchi.

"Hey you two...eh,,,cut it out already!" said Tenchi, his voice almost
failing him. "What if someone gets hurt!  Don't have any regard for
anyone?"

Both of the girls shouted a unanimous "NO!"  Ayeka shot a glance over
at Ryoko and added.  "At least not to *her*."

"I'm warning you princess" growled Ryoko, glaring back at Ayeka. "Pain
is a two way street.  Especially when dealing with *me*!"  A small ball
of plasma was forming in her hand as she spoke.

"Say cheese!" came a voice out of the shadows.  Both of the girls froze
and looked in the direction the voice had come from.

The brilliant light of a flashbulb came out of nowhere, and temporarily
blinded the three occupants of the hall.  When their vision returned,
they face faulted almost all at the same time.

"Man, that was a good picture that I got of you guys." said Nobouyki,
coming out of the shadows with a laugh.  In his hands was a camera, the
source of the flash.  Tenchi could hear the motor inside the camera
develop the Polariod.  It was that quiet.  With a smile, Nobouyki
retrieved the film from the camera.  He held it in his hand and laughed
again, turning it around so the three of them could see.

At first, it was just plain white.  But as the picture came out, Tenchi
could plainly see Ryoko and Ayeka in the foreground with himself, still
wet from the shower, and half naked with a towel wrapped around his
waist, in the background.

Tenchi gulped, realizing that his father thought this obviously
embarrassing position to be extremely funny.  Nobouyki laughed again
and spoke:

"Heh, heh, this will be an excellent addition to your scrapbook, Tenchi.
You may not realize it now, but when you are older like me, you will
look back on times like this..."

"DAAAAADDDDDDD!!!!!!" yelled Tenchi.  Nobouyki gave him a look of
surprise.

"What?  I still have pictures of your mother and I when we were still
going out.  And I still have that 8mm film of your mother that you
almost *destroyed* when you dropped it." added Nobouyki, his eyes
narrowing at the mention of the later.

"Excuse me, but I happened to have been only a few seconds from
*vanishing* into thin air when I dropped it.  What did you *expect*
me to do when I saw my own body disenagrate before my eyes?"  yelled
Tenchi, slightly annoyed.  "And besides, this isn't a memory that I
would particularly *enjoy* remembering!"

Nobouyki shook his head.

"You have always been difficult like that Tenchi.  Why you have been
is beyond me."

Suddenly, something snapped...

...and a few seconds later, there was a small hole in a nearby wall,
Tenchi's hand stuck though it.  Quivering, he slowly withdrew his
now bleeding hand, and glanced over at his father, to Ryoko, to Ayeka,
then to his bleeding hand.  There was a seething pain coming from his
fist, but at this point, Tenchi didn't care.

The three other occupants didn't move a muscle.  All there had their
eyes wide open in shock.

They have *never* seen Tenchi get this angry.

Tenchi shot another glance at the three, still shaking and breathing
heavily, although he didn't make a sound while breathing.

"That's it." Tenchi said, in an angry, but quiet voice.  "I've had
about enough of this for one night."

Without another word, he marched straight for his room, and slid open
the door with his uninjured hand.

"Wait, Tenchi-sama." said Ayeka.  "What about dinner?"

Tenchi didn't even bother to look over his shoulder.

"Tell Sasami-chan to save it for me.  I don't think that this has left
me with much of an appitite." Tenchi said, bitterly.  And with that
parting shot, he slammed his door closed.

No one said anything.  There wasn't anything to be said.  Ryoko, Ayeka
and Nobouyki were all thinking the same thing, and felt that it went
without saying.

*What's up with Tenchi?*

"Oneesama!  Ryoko!  Nobouyki!  Tenchi!" came a voice from downstairs.
"Dinner is ready!"

"Sasami-chan, Tenchi is not feeling very well.  Would you be so kind as
to save his plate for him until tomorrow?" said Ayeka, calling down the
stairs.

"What's wrong with Tenchi?" said Sasami?  "Is he sick?"

Ayeka paused, trying to think of something to say.

"Not really." yelled Ryoko.  "He is just worn out.  Don't worry, he'll
be fine.

"OK." said Sasami.  "By the way, what was going on up there?  Did
something happen?"

Ayeka and Ryoko exchanged glances.

"No, nothing is wrong." said Ayeka.

"Nah, everything's OK." Ryoko chimed in.

And both of them started down the stairs, followed by Nobouyki.

"You know." said Ayeka, as they were walking down.  "None of this
would have happened if you had not tried to invade Tenchi-sama's
privacy."

Ryoko shot an angry glance at Ayeka.

"Oh for pete's sake..." she complained.

And with that, they disappeared into the next room at the bottom
of the stairs.


Tenchi awake in a total darkness.  Not the kind of darkness like in
a dark closet, or at night, but a really pitch black, as if there was
no substance to the area around him.  Frightened, Tenchi groped around,
but to his dismay, he did not find anything to grab on to.

All of the sudden, a he heard a voice behind him.

"Tenchi..."

Tenchi turned around, slowly.

A woman was standing there, looking back at him.

"Tenchi..." she repeated, a smile forming on her pale face.  Her blue
hair flowed, as if blown by a strong gale.

"What the...it can't be..." said Tenchi, slowly walking toward the
woman.  But then, when he was almost there, he froze in terror.

The woman all of the sudden had a strange expression on her face.  A
perverted leer, almost.  It reminded Tenchi of...

And with that, she faded out into nothingness.  But before Tenchi
could react, his father just as suddenly appeared in her place.  What
was more, to Tenchi's astonishment, was the fact that he had that same,
perverted leer.

His instincts were screaming at him to act fast.  Tenchi, still in
shock and unsure of what to do, slowly started backing away.

"Hey there, son."  said Nobouyki, still with that perverted leer.
"Where are you going?  The fun has just started."

Suddenly, Tenchi's father grew to gargantuan proportions at an almost
sickening rate.  Tenchi yelled and started to run, but his father bent
over, as if he was picking up a speck of rice that had been dropped on
the floor and picked him up between his thumb and forefinger.  Tenchi
struggled noticeably, but his attempts to escape were futile.

"Son." said Nobouyki, his voice echoing omnipitantly.  "You are way too
shy around the girls.  Let me help you out."

And with that, he let go of Tenchi.  With a loud yell, Tenchi fell away
from his father, the only visible thing in sight.

Tenchi fell through nothingness for what seemed like ages.  At first,
he could see nothing else.  But then, he saw a little blue speck.  It
was racing toward him at a frightening rate, but before he could even
yell, he had landed, face down, and with quite some force, on the blue
object.

Tenchi cowered in pain, but then to his surprise, he found that he was
not in any pain whatsoever.  Slowly, he started to get to his feet.  He
then glanced around at his surroundings.  There were blue walls, all
around him, as well as a blue floor.  He saw multiple passageways
leading in different directions away from him.  It almost felt like
being in a bad three-dimensional maze.  But then something hit him.  It
*was* a three-dimensional maze.  And he was the mouse.  And he didn't
even know what he was looking for.

"Tenchiiii...." came a voice, again from behind him.

*Oh great, what now...* thought Tenchi to himself.

This time, when he turned around, he found Ryoko, standing less than a
foot away from him, eyeing him hungrily, her amber eyes glowing softly.
Tenchi froze and started to sweat.

"There you are Tenchi." said Ryoko, with an evil grin.  "I was looking
for you.  You had me *so* worried." she added, nudging closer to
Tenchi.  Tenchi himself, who was still recovering from the shock of
someone sneaking up behind him, started to tremble violently.  Ryoko
inched closer to Tenchi, licking her lips seductively.

"That will be quite close enough, space pirate." came a voice from the
opposite direction.  Tenchi didn't need to turn his head to know that
it was Ayeka, but he did it anyway, to try and take his mind off of the
woman who was no less than six centimeters away from him.

She was standing here, eyeing Ryoko dangerously.  There seemed to be an
aura of seriousness and distaste in her expression, making it painfully
clear what she thought of what she was looking at.

"You will release Tenchi-sama this instant, you wicked creature." spat
Ayeka, marching toward the two at a frightening rate.

"Hah!" smirked Ryoko, cocking her eyebrow defiantly and grabbing a hold
of one of Tenchi's wrists.  "Never!  Tenchi is mine!"

"No!" yelled Ayeka, grabbing Tenchi's other wrist.  "He is mine!"

"Hands off, Ayeka, he's mine!"

"He is MINE!  He despises you, and you know it!"

Meanwhile Tenchi was in the middle of the two, being torn back and
forth as if he was a plaything that two sisters were arguing over.

*What the hell did I do to deserve this?* Tenchi thought in misery *Did
I kill someone in a pervious life?*

In desperation, he yelled, suddenly.

"DAAAAAAADDDDDDD!!!!!  What do you think you are doing?"

Both of the girls let go of Tenchi's wrists temporarily and glanced
around the room, looking for any sign of Nobouyki, a video camera, a
still camera, anything that might be even remotely associated with him
that they could tear to smithereens.

"That's weird." said Ryoko, confused.

"I don't see your father anywhere, Tenchi-s...." said Ayeka, glancing
back at Tenchi.

But to both of their astonishment, Tenchi was no longer there.  He had
ran down a corridor as fast as his feet could carry him.  Enraged, the
girls split up and started searching the maze for their beloved.

Tenchi, meanwhile, was dodging his way throughout the maze, picking
directions at random, hoping that he wouldn't come face to face with
one of the girls.  He kept hearing the girls calling his name, "Tenchi!
Tenchi!" but he kept running, hoping that he could get out of this maze
in time before he got caught.

He turned another corner.  And suddenly, Ryoko appeared in front of him
out of thin air.  She grind maniacally.  Frantically, Tenchi dodged back
around the corner, only to find Ayeka, with the same evil grin on her
face.

He was trapped.

He backed himself into the corner and sat down, covering his head with
his arms.  He slowly heard them approach, and when he dared to look up
again, he found both girls, staring directly at him.  But something was
scaring him even more that usual.  They both had an evil, twisted
expression on their face that didn't quite look like either of them.
Tenchi shook in fear, thinking of all the possabilites of what could
happen next.  He dreaded every single one of them.

But what happened next truly scared the hell out of him.

Almost instantaneously, both girls grabbed for him, gripped his arms,
and tore him into two bloody pieces.  Tenchi screamed in agony...

All of the sudden, Tenchi woke with a noticeable start.  His eyes were
wide with fear, but as he realized that he had only been dreaming, and
that he was still in his own room, and nothing had happened, he calmed
down a bit.  He glanced his watch, pressing a button on it with his
other hand.  As his tired eyes began to focus on the watch, the time
1:00 am clearly made themselves visible on the digital indeglo display.

Rubbing his eyes, he slowly sat up and glanced out the window.  The
moon was shining bright outside.  Other than that, it was hard to see.
The night cast a dark blue light over Tenchi's room, except for the
places where the moon reflected its rays.

It was at this point that his slowly awakening mind send him impulses
of dull pain, still coming from his fist.  Tenchi glanced down at it.
It had stopped bleeding, but he knew he would be sore for days.  He
wondered what his grandfather would say about such a thing.

Gradually, Tenchi lay his head back down on the pillow.  He tried to
get back to sleep.  But for some odd reason, he couldn't.  He hated
when this happened.  He would wake up from a dream, and then he would
be unable to get back to sleep.  This would only make him more tired
the next day.  With a sigh, Tenchi though back to his dream...

His dad, who took him and thrust him into the two girls hands...

Ryoko and Ayeka, chasing him throughout the maze until they found him
and tore him in two...

That woman, calling out to him...

That woman...

Tenchi slowly sat up in his bed and carefully took something off his
nightstand which he kept by his bed.  He then held the object up to
the moonlight.

It was a photograph in a picture frame.  Tenchi tilted the frame until
he could clearly see the photograph itself.  Squinting his eyes, Tenchi
finally was able to see clearly the contents of the photograph, a young
woman.  Although the colors had faded noticeably, and it was hard to
tell colors apart in the dark, Tenchi was able to see the flowing blue
hair, the pale complexion, the garment that she was wearing...

Tenchi shifted the frame once more until the moon reflected off of the
copper plate that was below the photograph, embedded in the picture
frame itself.  With some effort, Tenchi could make the words
"Achika Masaki" embedded into the shinny metal.

Usually when he saw this picture it gave Tenchi warm feelings.  But
now, a bittersweet feeling was associated with the photograph.

Tenchi blinked several times and a single tear rolled down his cheek,
leaving a warm trail of wetness in its path.

"Mother..." he moaned quietly to himself.

Tenchi leaned his back up against the head of the bed with a sigh.
suddenly realizing that his dream was only an exaggeration of things
that were troubling him in real life.  To think that he had been so
content on the way home...

With a sigh, he slowly stood up.  He had to get some fresh air.  Maybe
a walk would take his mind off of these troubles.  It probably
wouldn't, but it might make him feel better.  He silently walked over
to his closet and found and put on a fresh kimono.  He took a pair of
sandals, and walked over to his door.  He pressed his ear up against
the door.

Silence.  Good.

With that, he quietly opened his door.

The hallway was completely dark.  Evidently, everyone had long gone to
bed.  So far so good, all he had to do was sneak out of the house
without waking anyone up.  Quietly, he tiptoed down the hall, down the
stairs, and out the side door, pressing his body up against the door so
it wouldn't make a sound as he opened and closed it.

But he wasn't quiet enough.

Sleeping in the rafters, Ryoko shifted slightly and slowly opened her
eyes.  At first, she could see nothing.  But slowly, ever so slowly,
her eyes adjusted to the dark night.

All of the sudden, she heard a door shut.  It was quiet, almost too
quiet for Ryoko to hear it.  But she did, and almost on instinct she,
teleported down from the rafters into one of the shadows below.

Ryoko held her breath as her keen eyes dissected the room for a quick
second.  Seeing nothing, she sighed heavily.

Then, all of the sudden, she saw something move, out of the corner of
her eye.

But it wasn't coming from inside.  Ryoko glanced out the window and
squinted her eyes.  The movement.... it was coming from across the
yard outside the house.  It was...walking...yes this definitely a
human...walking toward...Ryoko glanced past the figure to focus on
where the figure was apparently headed...the Masaki shrine.

Still, it was hard to tell *who* it was, even though it was a moon-lit
night.  Ryoko silently teleported outside, into a shadow made by the
house.  Being such a bright night, she didn't want to be seen,
especially if it was an intruder.  Not that one could have *harmed* her
in any way, but Ryoko's curiosity was piqued by the fact that this
person was headed for...

Suddenly, she recognized the figure.  Ryoko gasped in recognition and
almost out of instinct, she teleported in front of him.

"Tenchi!"


Ayeka woke with a start.  She glanced around the room in fright, her
eyes scanning the room for an intruder.  Seeing none, she laid her head
back down on her pillow, and tried to go back to sleep.

Suddenly, she heard another noise.  A voice, rather.

Coming from outside...

Sleepily, Ayeka slowly got up and tip toed over to the window in her
room and glanced at where the voices were coming from.

As her eyes adjusted to the darkness, she at first could not see
anything, save for the dim light coming from the full moon.  But now
she was certain that she heard the two voices, as her senses were
slowly awakening.  She looked in the general direction of the noise.
Still nothing.  Then she saw it.  Or more specifically, them.  The
moonlight clearly highlighted the two figures, and Ayeka squinted
her eyes for a better look.

Suddenly, she gasped in recognition.

*It's Lord Tenchi!  What in the world is he doing outside at this time
of night?*

And the other...

*Oh my...it's that....devil woman...*

Suddenly, Ayeka froze.  But before Ayeka could act on her instinct to
run out of the room, out of the house, and beat the living crap out of
her adversary, she heard them talking.  Curious, Ayeka listened to what
they were saying.

And what she heard shocked her.  Not by what was being said, but rather
the person who was saying it.

"...and I don't *CARE* about how scared you were.  You have got to stop
appearing out of nowhere and scaring the *hell* out of me!"

"But Tenchi..." responded Ryoko.

"I came out here to get some uninterrupted peace and quiet, and here
you are, just appearing out of thin air, trying to find out why I'm so
mad."

Ryoko opened her mouth like she was about to speak, but before she
could, Tenchi cut her off and continued to lecture, this time a lot
louder.

"I'll tell you what's wrong!  You and Ayeka constantly bickering and
fighting over me!  Do you know how close you two might have come to
*killing me?  Did that *ever* occur to you that I might have been
crushed by a piece of debris, or a carelessly thrown fireball, or any
number of things?  Not to mention the other people in the house!  Did
it ever occur to you?  Did it?"

Ryoko was speechless.

"This is worse than when Sasami came into my room, crying, because she
was having a bad dream and she couldn't go to either of you for comfort
because you two were duking it out!  You two haven't changed a bit!  So
just go away!"

"Tenchi..."

"I SAID..." yelled Tenchi, but then stopped when he noticed the
expression on Ryoko's face.

Ryoko's face was not even Ryoko's anymore, but instead that of a
hollow emptiness, that didn't look like her at all.  A reflection
caught a tear that was slowly trickling down her face, and another
followed it, and another...

*Tears?*

Tenchi's mind suddenly went over what he had just said.  And the
force of his own words sent shivers through his spine, crushing him
like a human in the middle of a collapsing building.

Tenchi's heart sank to his stomach.  He couldn't put his finger on what
he had said, but he knew he had done Ryoko a great wrong.  No one
deserved to be screamed at like that.  His mind raced at a million
miles an hour, trying to find the right words to remedy what he had
done.  But his mind drew a blank.

He was now so ashamed of himself that he couldn't bring himself to look
Ryoko in the face any longer.  In shame, he hung his head, and slowly
walked past her, toward the forest leading to the Masaki Shrine.

Suddenly, something came to him.  Turning his head over his shoulder
he spoke to Ryoko.

"Ryoko...I...."

But Ryoko wasn't there anymore.

With guilt painfully tugging at his heart, he slowly turned around
and disappeared into the forest.

All while this was going on, Ayeka had been watching the whole scene
with a look of fright.  Not even stopping to think about the possible
consequences of what might happen if she was found, she tied her obi
around the kimono she was wearing and tip toed to the door of the room
with a resolve firmly set in her mind.

*Something is not right.  I must follow him and figure out what is
wrong.*

She quietly took a pair of slippers in her hand, and slowly slid
open the door.  She shut it behind her, and paused, to make sure that
Sasami was still asleep.  Confidant that she had not woken anyone up,
she tiptoed down the stairs, and across the living room to the door,
trying her best not so make a sound.

In her panic, she was unsuccessful, but no one heard her.

Quietly, she stepped outside, closing the door silently behind her.
She then put on her sandals and crept, although at a good pace, toward
the edge of the forest.  Looking around to make sure that everything
was still sound, she ran into the forest.  It was dark, but she knew
the path reasonably well, and thus emerged from the other side, at the
foot of the long stairway to the Masaki shrine.

It was at this point when she stopped, and contemplated venturing
further.

Should she risk being seen by Tenchi?  Especially after the way he
had yelled at Ryoko?

Now that she was fully awake and aware, she started second-guessing
herself.  Her quiet and shy side was yelling at her to run away back
to the house and get back under her futon and get some sleep.  But from
within her, an even louder voice was disturbing her.

*Something is definitely not right.  Tenchi-sama is *mever* up at this
hour.  And he was yelling at Ryoko, as well.*

For a moment, a brief smile of satisfaction crossed Ayeka's lips.  But
just as suddenly, it was banished.

*Don't be silly.  You know very well that Tenchi would never yell at
anyone.*

*Well, you said so yourself that Tenchi despised Ryoko.* said a voice
of reason inside Ayeka.

*I really didn't mean it that way.  I was just trying to drive home a
point.  Ryoko should not be invading Tenchi-sama's privacy, especially
in that vile manner.*

*So you are saying that Tenchi likes Ryoko?*

For a moment, Ayeka considered following that scary train of thought.
But she came to her senses.  Tenchi was growing more distant by the
second, and if Ayeka had any hope of finding out what was wrong, if
indeed anything was wrong, she would have to make a decision quickly.

The two voices in her continued, each desperately trying to win favor..

Meanwhile, Tenchi was a good ways ahead of Ayeka, deep in thought,
walking slowly up the steps to the Masaki Shrine.  He took his time,
slowly going up one step at a time, gazing down at the steps which
glowed softly illuminated by the moon, lost in thought.  He had no clue
why he chose to go this way, except possibly the silhouetted scenery on
the way.  He had no need to visit his grandfather right now.  But those
thoughts were driven out by his mind returning to the events that
evening.

His mind was on what had just happened, just a few minutes ago.  He
sighed in disappointment.  He wished that he hadn't yelled at Ryoko.
But still, why did she and Ayeka always have to be arguing over one
thing or another?  This little skirmish of theirs was getting worse
every time they fought.  Tonight, Tenchi could have easily been killed,
and yet Ryoko just nonchalantly floated up to him acting like...
like...

Tenchi paused, but continued his pace up the steps to the shrine.

He couldn't quite put his finger on what disturbed him about Ryoko.

Perhaps it was how she treated everything as a game...

Everything?  Well, from what he had heard afterwards, she had been
hell-bent on killing Kagato after he had been presumed dead at Kagato's
hand.

Maybe it was how she lusted for him, chasing him down, putting him in
awkward positions...

Lusted?  After what he had heard Zero's words, which were just a
reflection of Ryoko's true feelings?  Those were true feelings, not
just an infatuation.

Tenchi shook his head.  He wished that he would stop trying to find
fault with Ryoko.  Ryoko, in spite of being made of that...stuff...
that Washu had created Ryoko out of, was still very much human.  She
had her faults, but so does everyone else.  And she still had feelings
too.

Tenchi sighed.  He wished he hadn't yelled at her like that.  Maybe if
she and Ayeka hadn't almost destroyed the house earlier that day, he
would have reacted differently.  But as things stood, he would have to
apologize to her in the morning.  There wasn't any other way that he
could do with a good mind.  But she would have to apologize for the
damage she and Ayeka did...

Tenchi's mind drifted onto another train of thought in stride.

...of course Ayeka would have to apologize for her part as well.  She
shouldn't have been fighting either

Tenchi reflected on that for a moment.  It seemed so...*odd* that such
a seemingly sweet person could get so angry.  But looking back on the
times she was angry, none could come to mind without the cause of her
anger being Ryoko antagonizing her.  Except for possibly the time
aboard Dr. Clay's ship, where Ayeka lashed out at Mihoshi, but honestly
Tenchi couldn't blame her, or *anyone* for that matter, for doing that.

And to think that he, Tenchi Masaki, a normal earthling living an
ordinary life, could be a blood relative of Ayeka.  But after a moment
of reflection, he could see where something like that might have come
from.  After all, he *did* look a little like Ayeka, without too much
of a stretch of the imagination.  And Ayeka *did* have a resemblance to
his mother, at least from the photograph...

Tenchi's train of thought was only broken by another tear, being jarred
down his face by his movement up the shrine steps.

His mother...  She had just passed away when he was only a small child,
an infant.  Just when he needed a mother most.  And now, almost
thirteen years later, all he had left of her was that picture.

Tenchi sighed.  No child should have to undergo such trauma.  

He then tried to think back to when his mother was alive, but the
further back his memories took him, the blurrier they got until Tenchi
couldn't remember hardly anything, around six years old.  He sighed in
frustration.  He didn't even have a fond memory, heck, even a memory
*period*, of his mother.  What was she like?  Was she really the same
as dad?  Would dad have turned out the way he did if his mother had
stayed alive?

Tenchi groaned. It was so, *juvenile* what his father did, and what's
worse, he didn't find anything wrong with it.

It was so embarrassing, having to live with a father like that, his
*father* no less.  And that wasn't the whole of it either.  His father
was actually trying to influence him to do the same thing.  It was a
good thing that Tenchi had some common sense, and self-control, or he
might have turned out to be a peeping-tom when he had gotten older.

And then there were these constant references to his insecurity around
women.  Maybe he was, but was that any excuse to...

He paused.  And this time, he stopped in his tracks.

Maybe he *was* insecure around women.

Tenchi walked over to and put his back up against a tree and cast his
head down.

Maybe that was his problem.  Perhaps he should be a little more open,
a little more inviting.  After all, there were plenty of women who had
some interest in him.  Should he...

Then, something stuck him.

Wasn't it painfully obvious?  Those women who had an interest in him,
particularly two of them, would tear each other apart if he *did* show
any interest in *anyone* of the opposite sex.  What he might say to one
girl might happen to be overheard by the other, and start a huge fight,
or at the very least, hurt the other's feelings.  When there was a huge
fight, especially with Ayeka and Ryoko, there was much potential for
pain and suffering to those who were caught in the middle.  And he
couldn't stand to hurt any of their feelings, no matter *who* they
were.

No *wonder* he was afraid.  He was walking a tight-rope, trying to keep
everyone happy.  But sooner or later, he knew that something would have
to give.  And when it did, he knew he would be in a world of hurt that
even he wouldn't know how to mend.  Tenchi hung his head in despair.

"Why the hell is my life so hectic.", he thought out loud.  "My mom is
dead, my dad is a hentai, and I am trying to balance two women who I
can't say anything to unless I want to risk starting a fight.  I don't
know if I can go on like this."  He sighed.

"Tenchi-sama."

Tenchi nearly jumped out of his skin.  Scrambling to his feet, he turned
and faced the direction from where the voice was coming from, poised in
a fighting stance.  He shook considerably, but after realizing who it
might be, he prayed that it was who he thought it was.

"Wh...who is there?"  he stammered.

A figure came out of the shadows.  It wasn't.

"It's only me, Tenchi-sama."

It took a moment to register who it was.  When he did, he face-faulted
and collapsed backwards onto the tree, sliding down it until he was
sitting down again.  He let out his breath with a huge sigh.

Ayeka stood there, not moving.

"I'm sorry if I scared you." said Ayeka, softly.

Something about Ayeka's tone of voice struck Tenchi as being odd.  He
slowly glanced up and saw Ayeka standing there.  She was not in her
usual good posture, but slumping, rather.  She had a frown on her face,
and her eyes drooped, although it was hard to tell if it was from sleep
or from sadness.

"Wh..what's wrong, Ayeka?" asked Tenchi, finally able to get a grip on
himself.

"I thought I had heard an intruder in the house.  I dismissed it at
first, but then I heard you and Ryoko outside, and so I got up and
looked out the window.  I thought that something might not be right,
with the way you yelled like that... and so I followed you."

Tenchi's face almost lost color.  To think that Ayeka, a person of such
moral character and high standards that she had obviously thought him to
be, could have seen him act in such a despicable way.  Even if it was
toward her worst enemy.

She hung her head in sadness.  "I followed you all the way up here, and
saw you sit down by this tree.  I couldn't in good conscience leave you
here to suffer so much."  She paused momentarily. "...and I think I see
now what is troubling you."

"How do you know..." he started to say, but all of the sudden,
something occurred to him.  He gasped when he realized what he had done.
"Oh my god, did I yell *that* loud?"

"You did, Tenchi-sama." said Ayeka.  "I also heard you talking to
yourself just moments ago.  And I now finally see what is troubling you
so much."

Tenchi's mind was a blur, trying to think of the implications of what
he said might be.  But then, two more things dawned on him.  First of
all, Ayeka had been following him all this time.  Tenchi wasn't sure
why, but this disturbed him somewhat.  He usually expected that sort
of behavior out of Ryoko, or perhaps his father.

And then, Ayeka had just called him "Tenchi-sama", instead of a
respectful "Lord Tenchi" or a friendly "Tenchi".  Not that he wanted
respect, but something about the way she said it...

Neither of them spoke for a moment.  Tenchi sighed, letting the
atmosphere of the night calm his senses.  Ayeka herself sighed and
spoke again.

"Your father is an embarrassment to you, and you wish Lady Achica was
alive.  And as for us..."

She let that trail off for a minute as she collected her thoughts.
Tenchi couldn't help but smile faintly at the name of his mother,
especially when it was used in such an respectful way...

"You are trying to keep things civil by not saying anything to either
of us.  You don't think you can talk to one of us without the other
getting angry.  So you shut both of us off.  Is that it?"

Tenchi slowly nodded his head in the affirmative.  He wasn't a fool,
he knew what she meant by 'us'.  Then, he spoke.

"Yes, sort of.  But what I don't understand is how you two can be so...
violent."  He paused.  "Especially over me."

Ayeka slowly sat down next to Tenchi, with her back to the tree.  She
sighed.

"I don't know... Tenchi-sama, it's just that..."

She paused.  Silence filled the air, as Ayeka debated whether to
continue.  She was afraid that if Tenchi knew...

Tenchi was looking at her expectantly.

*Go ahead.  You know what he was thinking all along.  Now, it is only
fair that you tell him your thoughts.* she reassured herself.

"It's just that I tried to think of Ryoko as demon." Ayeka continued.
"She came to my planet, and even though I know now that my Yosho left
of his own will and that Ryoko was under the influence of Kagato, I
thought that Ryoko had deliberately taken him.  I am just scared that
that she will do the same thing...with you, too." she added, her eyes
starting to well up with tears.

Tenchi did not say anything for a moment.  He hadn't seen Ayeka this
depressed and morbid since the events following Ayeka's crash landing
on Earth.  Tenchi thought about this for a moment, when all of the
sudden, something struck him.

The image of Ryoko's face after Tenchi had just yelled at her, with
tears starting to form in her eyes...

He slowly faded back to reality and found himself looking into the face
of Ayeka, tears slowly beginning to move down her cheeks...

The image of Ryoko flashed before him again.  And all of the sudden,
every shadow of a doubt that had said that Ryoko or Ayeka didn't have
true feelings for him disappeared.

"I..I never knew you thought that way about me." said Tenchi, finally.
"I always thought you just had an infatuation with me, or something
like that.  Well, maybe not quite that way, but I never knew you cared
for me like that."

For a split second, Tenchi wondered if he had phrased that correctly,
to make sure that he had not hurt Ayeka's feelings.  At this point,
Tenchi couldn't bring himself to hurt anyone.

*Really?* a voice inside him rebottled.  *What about what happened just
a few minutes ago?*

But before he could answer his own question, Ayeka spoke again.

"I did, Tenchi-sama.  And after you almost got killed by that wicked
creature Kagato" said Ayeka, starting to sniffle.  "...I was in
despair, afraid that I might never see you again.  But the thing that
scared me the most was...was..."

She was now in tears, although she was trying to hold them back.
Tenchi was staring at her, in anticipation.  She finally got the
courage to continue.

"...when Ryoko was bent on killing Kagato over you.  That is when I
realized that her apparent concern for you was more than an infatuation
or another trick to take yet another thing of mine.  She really loved
you."

Tenchi arched his eyebrows in surprise.  He had just realized that Ryoko
loved him, but Ayeka had just dropped another bombshell.  She had known
that Ryoko had loved him all along.  A million questions buzzed in his
mind, but they all came back to one fundamental question, which Tenchi
then asked.

"Then why..." started Tenchi.  But Ayeka answered his question before
he got all of it out.

"Because I was scared of losing you to her." replied Ayeka.

"So all of those times..."

"I didn't really mean them, Tenchi-sama."

Tenchi did not respond.

"And it scared me, Tenchi-sama, when I realized that looking back on
all of those times while you were trying to be seduced by Ryoko...she
wasn't just trying to take you from me just to aggravate me.  The only
reason I keep saying things like I said tonight was because...I was
scared..that she, somehow, might win your heart.  And then you would
simply forget about me.  I wouldn't be able to live with myself it that
happened.  I'm sorry, Tenchi-sama.  I should not have mixed myself up
in your life."

And with that, she trust her head onto his shoulder and she held back
the tears no longer.

Tenchi, for a split second, thought about acting on his usual reaction,
which would be pulling his arm away from Ayeka in fright.  After all,
he had never seen Ayeka like this, and wasn't sure how to react.  But
instead, he thought about what Ayeka had said.  Feelings and emotions
tore him apart as his conscience tried to piece this mess together

Gradually, Tenchi put a hand on Ayeka's shoulder.  She suddenly stopped
crying and looked up at him.  He was smiling softly.

"Don't be sorry, Ayeka.  No one could ever predict that this would
happen.  I'm sorry for not realizing how much you cared for me.  Or
Ryoko, for that matter.  It's just so hard for me, because I like both
of you, but it is just so hard to act like it.  But things will work
themselves out, sooner or later.  I know that I couldn't stand to be
without either of you."

Tenchi held his breath, not knowing what the response would be...

A smile crossed Ayeka's face.  Then she sighed.

"Thank you, Tenchi-sama."

*Whew* thought Tenchi to himself.  He had finally been able to pull off
the impossible, explain his true feelings without managing to hurt
anyone's feelings.

Briefly, the dark shadow of doubt crept over him.

*What about Ryoko?  How will you explain these emotions to Ryoko?  She
might not ever look at you again after the way you treated her
tonight.*

*Don't worry.* he reassured himself.  *I have said it to Ayeka, and
now there is no one's feelings to hurt.  And I'm sure she would be
grateful for anything I say to reassure her that I still like her.*

*What if she finds out that she is not the only one?*

*Well, sadly, she will have to realize that.  Ayeka did.*

Ayeka softly closed her eyes, still in Tenchi's arms.  Tenchi gently
let Ayeka roll off of him so he could look at his watch.

*Damnit!  It's almost two o'clock!  And my hand still hurts like hell*
thought Tenchi, now noticing the impulses from his hurt hand yet again.

"Come on, Ayeka, it's time to get back to the house." said Tenchi,
glancing back over at Ayeka.

There was no response.

"Ayeka?" asked Tenchi.

She was still.

*Man, she is already asleep.* Tenchi thought to himself.  *She must be
really tired.*

It wouldn't do to leave her here, so Tenchi softly grabbed Ayeka and
started to shake her.

"Ayeka, wake up.  It's time we got back to the house."

She did not respond.  Well, actually, a few seconds later, she did, but
most certainly not in the way Tenchi expected.

All of the sudden, Ayeka's eyes shot open wide, as if in terror.  She
opened her mouth to scream, but as she did, instead of a scream, a
blinding light began radiating from her mouth.

Tenchi, quite caught off guard by this unexpected move by Ayeka,
shielded his eyes from the light, but the light was quickly growing
in intensity to a near blinding state.  Although it was indeed bright,
Tenchi could still make out...barely...the prone form of Ayeka,
convulsing violently.

"Ayeka!" Tenchi screamed.  And just as suddenly, the light overwhelmed
him as well.

The 'force' of the light knocked him flat on his back.  Tenchi wanted
to scream, but to his amazement, his body was relaxing...unwinding.
Just the opposite reaction he expected to have.  His breathing slowed
down, as the light grew brighter...

He was feeling quite light-headed now, and was beginning to feel...
drowsy(?).  He tried to fight it, but his conscious mind was quickly
loosing ground...

Not very far from that location, on top of the roof of the Masaki
household, someone saw that light.

Indeed, this someone just happened to be Ryoko.

After Tenchi had yelled at her, Ryoko had just stood there.  She had
never seen Tenchi act this way toward her, hell toward *anyone*.  But
seeing as her presence was not wanted by Tenchi, she had left him
there.  Indeed, if she had stayed there, she would have doubtless felt
better once Tenchi apologized to her.  But alas, she had left before
he had the chance.

Her destination was one where she always went to when she wanted to be
alone and undisturbed, the roof of the Masaki house.  Ryoko never
wondered why she chose that particular place to go, it just suited her.
That definitely wasn't on her mind when she materialized on top of the
roof and put her face in her hands, where she cried uncontrollably, her
emotions spilling over like a waterfall that had been formed after a
dam burst.

She continued in this vein for a few minutes, until her crying had
subsided to a whimper, then to a sniffle.  Gradually, she regained
some of her normal thought processes.  When she realized what she had
just done, she shivered.  In the back of her mind, it scared her to
think that merging with Zero had made her emotions that much stronger.

Which made it that much more painful when...

"Tenchi..." she cooed to herself, softly, in between sniffles.

She still couldn't believe that Tenchi had yelled at her like that.
That was *definitely* not the gentile, kind young boy she had seen,
and the shy and outgoing young man he had turned into.  She buried her
face back in her arms.

"Tenchi..." she moaned, softly.  "What did I do to you..."

And at that moment, her mind started going over what Tenchi had said.

Not the tone of voice.  That would not have helped anything, and would
most likely plunge her further into despair.  Instead, she blocked out
the tone, and focused on what he had said, instead.  It was really
hard, but gradually her mind began to gather bits and pieces back from
the conversation...

*You have got to stop appearing out of nowhere and scaring the *hell*
out of me!*

Ryoko sighed in despair.  She had snuck up on him several times in the
past, but she had never gotten the feeling that he hated it so much.
Teleportation was her primary way of getting around, and so she might
have accidentally snuck up on him a time or two.  But all the other
times, she had just been playing with Tenchi.  She didn't mean any harm
by it.

Her mind was still racing at a million miles an hour, but it managed
to grab another piece of the conversation.  And this time, she almost
came of the point of screaming again.
                                     
*I'll tell you what's wrong!  You and Ayeka constantly bickering and
fighting over me!  Do you know how close you two might have come to
*killing* me?* 

A chill ran over Ryoko's body as she realized how right Tenchi was.
When she was battling with Ayeka, she never took anyone else's
safety into consideration.  Her mind went in multiple directions at
once as she asked herself questions.  What if she had killed Tenchi?
Or what if she had made the house collapse and kill everyone inside?
What if she had let her anger get carried away too much and kill
Ayeka?

*This is worse than when Sasami came into my room, crying, because she
was having a bad dream and she couldn't go to either of you for comfort
because you two were duking it out!  You two haven't changed a bit!*

Ryoko shuddered as she realized how true that statement was.  She had
been ashamed at herself for overlooking Sasami like that, even if it
*was* Ayeka's sister.  Sasami was the only one who gave a damn about
her in the household, and she had overlooked her.  And to think that
maybe being dumped unceremoniously into the lake would get them to
become ashamed of themselves, and she and Ayeka would never fight
again.

Ryoko stifled a weak chuckle, in spite of herself.  Things never seem
to end in a fairy tale fashion.  And now, her dream of being the love
of Tenchi's life was shattered into a million pieces just because she
had been heavy-handed.  Ryoko couldn't stand it, how much hurt she now
realized she had inflicted on him...

Ryoko inhaled rapidly,...

A fraction of a second after that, Ryoko's scream cut through the night
sky like a sonic boom.

She continued screaming in this vein until her keen eyesight went on
full alert, for some odd reason.  She stopped screaming as suddenly as
she started, and rubbed her eyes, to clarify what was getting her
attention.  She glanced around for a few seconds before she saw it.

A light...

Not very bright at first, and Ryoko almost dismissed it.  But this
light was rapidly growing in intensity, and was getting far too bright
at far too great a rate to be natural.  It was giving the trees a soft
illumination, and Ryoko could now clearly see the streaks of light
streaming out between the gaps in the leaves.

And almost at once, it vanished.

Leaving a very puzzled Ryoko to wonder.

She stared at where the light had come from.  This was no natural
light, at least none that she could make out, it was far too bright to
be natural.  Also, she could not make out a reasonable source of the
light.  The angle wasn't quite right to be coming from a source of any
type, at least from earth.

In the back of her mind, Ryoko realized that all of her analyzing was
reminding her more and more of her mother.  But those thoughts were
taking a back burner compared to her uneasy feeling that something
wasn't right.  In fact, it was telling her that something was very,
very wrong.

Finally, her curiosity and concern won out over her efforts to ignore
what just happened.  She sent a mental command for her to teleport to
the estimated source of the light, and her body reacted and reappeared
within a few meters from where the light had apparently come from.  Her
keen eyes adjusted quickly from the moonlit roof to the dark forest
where she had ended up in.  And what she saw completely threw her off
guard.

Tenchi was sitting down, asleep, with his back to the tree.  A few
meters away, the prone form of Ayeka lay.

Silently, she floated over to Tenchi. Somehow, she felt that something
was not right, and Ryoko was willing to withstand an ass-chewing
session for piece of mind.

Suddenly, she paused.

Was she?

Briefly, she considered the implications if Tenchi woke up and started
yelling at her.  But those fears quickly dissipated when she glanced at
Tenchi.  She still had that feeling, and it wouldn't do any good to
ignore it.  And who gets mad right after waking up?

She leaned over and slowly shook Tenchi.

"Tenchi..." she whispered.

No response.

"Tenchi!" she said, a little louder.  Still nothing.

She started to shake him violently.  "Tenchi!" she said.  Still, he did
not respond.

Suddenly, a pang of fear struck Ryoko.  Almost on instinct, she
visually scanned Tenchi with her heightened senses.  After a few
minutes, she finished.  And her heart dropped to her stomach.

She glanced over at Ayeka and looked her over.  And to her shock, she
got the same result.  She slowly stood up and realized her fears.

They weren't asleep.

They were *unconscious!*  As if they had been knocked out by something.

Not like she had seen unconscious people before.  But this time, it was
her beloved Tenchi.  She realized she had to figure out how to help
him.  And there was Ayeka...even after the events that had just
transpired that evening, she couldn't just leave her there.  Sure, she
might dislike Ayeka to an extent, but she was not heartless.

But what could be done?

Quickly, her mind ran through several possibilities.  But when she was
done eliminating the unfeasible ones, only one was left.  Her mother.

Briefly, she doubted if she could trust Washu with Tenchi, especially
after the last time Washu had 'examined' her.  But she had no other
choice.

With that in mind, she put both her object of affection and her rival
over her shoulder and transported herself to the house, so she could
enter her mother's lab.  Little did she know that she would not emerge
again for a very long time

- = = = = -

Preview of Next Chapter:

"Don't worry, you two.  You will get used to it.  I know your mother
and I did."  he said with a sigh.  Then, he grinned.  "Isn't it
exciting when you wake up next to the girl you are going to spend the
rest of your life with, son?"

It was if Tenchi and Ayeka had been hit with a cattle prod.  A look of
shock came over both of them.  Nobouyki, apparently not noticing how
uncomfortable Tenchi was, got up and walked over to his son and hugged
him.

"I am so proud of you, son." he said, hugging Tenchi as tight as he
could.  "Finally growing up and getting married after all of this."

- = = = = -

#END

This fic is copyright (C) 2001 by AlexMax.  Don't steal my work, and
we will do OK. MST's however, are welcome.

Send all constructive criticism to (alexmayfield@carolina.rr.com).  I
love feedback, and I also appreciate corrections in spelling, grammar,
and references to the OAV continuum.  I want to be on a level above all
the other newbie writers, and I can only accomplish that with your help
and support.

Send all hate mail to device NULL.  Flames are lame, and I will tolerate
them as much as the next man, which is not at all.

Send all legal threats to device NULL as well.  I will be the first to
admit that I don't own Tenchi Muyo! or any of it's characters (although
I wish I did, so I could obliterate "Tenchi Forever!" and "Shin Tenchi"
from the face of this planet.  Maybe even "Tenchi Universe" too...).
This is a work of fan fiction, which I am writing using my own sweet
time, and I am not gaining anything more than a warm fuzzy feeling that
I get inside when I make a good fic that everyone likes.  And no, you
can't sue me for that either.

Visit my webpage, "The Cespool" at (http://alexmax2742.tripod.com).  I
update regularly, and you never know what kinds of cool crap you might
find.

Please visit all of the following sites.  They need the attention.
The Tenchi Muyo! Fan Fiction Archive (http://www.tmffa.com)
My Tenchi! (http://www.mytenchi.com)
Tenchi in Tokyo (http://www.tenchiintokyo.com)
Armageddon Games Network (http://www.armageddongames.com)
Megatokyo (http://www.megatokyo.com)

If you have a heart or soul, you will pray every night that OAV 3 will
not suck.

Thank you, and have an ice day.

-AlexMax


