Eternal FLame
  By Daigo (willrick@triad.quik.com)

Chapter 1

Life on Earth had been relatively calm since the girls had left. It was only
Tenchi, Ryoko, Washu, his dad, and Katsuhito since Ayeka and Sasami had to
end their vacation on Earth short. Now, Tenchi was back in school, studying
hard so that he could get in a good college. Tenchi awoke one morning with
Ryoko curled up next to him. He kissed her and she woke up.

"Good morning, my Tenchi-yon," she whispered softly, pulling him close.

"Good morning, Ryoko-yoni. Did you sleep allright?"

"I've been sleeping perfectly for a long time."

She was right, sleeping next to Ryoko was like sleeping next to an angel. He
had loved Ryoko since she crashed landed on the planet those years ago.
Though he never had the courage to admit it before. Tenchi remembered that
he was barely able to go forth and defeat Kagato when Ryoko left, the blood
pouring down her side. During the time he had spent on Jurai, Ayeka had
tried to comfort him, but Tenchi's only thoughts were on Ryoko and her
safety.

They got out of the bed, dressed, and went downstairs for breakfast.
Unexpectedly, Washu was vacuuming.

"Why do I always have to do this," she mumbled under her breath, "I've got
better things to do with my time than clean."

Ryoko and Tenchi tiptoed past the raving scientist to the kitchen, where
Nobuyuki was making breakfast.

"Morning, kids," he greeted them.

"Morning, dad," Tenchi replied, taking his usual seat next to Ryoko.

Breakfast was slow and boring, When it was time for Tenchi to leave for
school, Ryoko insisted she escort him to the bus stop. When the bus came,
they kissed goodbye and he got on.

Ryoko watched as the bus pulled away with her Tenchi on it. It was so hard
to see him go off every morning. Ryoko loved Tenchi more than life itself,
and would give anything to be by him always. Washu walked out of the house
and to Ryoko's side.

"Don't worry," the scientist said, "a couple of hours, and you won't have to
be apart anymore."

"Well, we better get ready then," Ryoko replied, "I have to get dressed and
everything."

*****

Tenchi walked through the halls of his school towards his new locker. Once
he found it, he opened the door and pinned his picture of Ryoko to the
inside.

I've waited all summer to do that.

Tenchi unpacked his books and put them away. He didn't notice, however, his
two friends, Muriyaki and Ryu coming up behind him.

"Hey Tenchi," Ryu greeted him with a slap on the back, "How's it going."

"Fine," Tenchi replied, "How was your summer vacation?"

"Kinda boring, We spent most of it at our grandparents' house," Muriyaki
replied.

Ryu and Muriyaki were a brother and sister pair that was unseperable.
Muriyaki was the girl's basketball captain and an ace three point shooter.
She was, also, probably the most attractive girl at Tenchi's school. She had
fiery red hair and a personality to match. Ryu was her older brother and
Tenchi's best friend. He was a good 6' 2" and made problems for anyone who
tried to treat his sister wrong.

While Ryu and Tenchi were talking about their summer vacations, Muriyaki
slipped up to Tenchi's locker to examine the photo of the cyan haired girl
with her arm around Tenchi's neck. Muriyaki was a little surprised. Tenchi
wasn't the exact person she expected to see with such a beautiful girl. He
never even looked the direction of any of the girls at their school. There
were numerous times when she and Ryu would try to get him hooked up with one
of their friends and he would turn them down. It was ironic really, Tenchi
was probably one of the shyest kids at school, but so many of the girls
wanted to be his girlfriend. Muriyaki had even entertained the thought once
or twice.

"Tenchi," Muriyaki pulled the photo out of the locker, "Who's this?"

"Ah, where'd you get that!" Tenchi jumped as if evidence to convict him of
murder had been found.

"It was in your locker, is this your girlfriend Tenchi?"

"Uh huh," Tenchi answered rubbing the back of his head.

"Really!?" Ryu jumped in, "Cool Tenchi, you've finally got a girlfriend!
What's her name?"

"Ryoko."

"Ryoko? That's a cool name, and she's good looking too."

"Thanks."

The bell rang and they went to their classes. Muriyaki was in Tenchi's first
class and sat right behind him. The Calculous professor entered the room and
greeted his class.

"Good Morning class," the instructor began, "I hope you all enjoyed your
summer vacations."

Tenchi smiled. Oh, I enjoyed mine, I had a really good time.

"Anyway, before we get started, I have an announcement, we have a new
student that just moved here from Nagasaki. Come in, won't you, Miss
Hakubi."

The teacher turned his head just as Tenchi crashed backwards out of his
desk. He was pulling himself back into his seat when Ryoko walked in the
room. She was dressed in the school's regular uniform for girls, but hers
was at least an inch shorter and she had her cyan hair tied back down her
neck.

"This is Ryoko Hakubi, class," the professor continued, "She transferred
from Nagasaki and will finish her senior year with us. Miss Ryoko, you may
take the empty desk next to Mr. Masaki."

Ryok shot Tenchi a friendly wave accompanied with an evil smile and sat down
next to him.

"What are you doing here?" Tenchi whispered.

"What's wrong Tenchi-yon," Ryoko replied, "Aren't you glad to see me?"

"You know I am, but what are you doing at school?"

"Oh, Tenchi-yon, I just couldn't spend the school year away from you. I
would have gotten lonely."

Great, there goes my grades for this year. How am I ever going to study with
Ryoko here?

*****

Lunch time came and Tenchi and Ryoko were sitting in the cafeteria with
Muriyaki and Ryu sitting across from them. The siblings had confused looks
on their faces at the way that Tenchi's new girlfriend was all over him.
Tenchi wasn't exactly who they had pictured as the type of gut who was all
involved with girls. But now, his new girlfriend, Ryoko was constantly in
his arms or around his neck.

"So, Tenchi," Ryu interrupted the couples private chatting over subjects
that they wish they hadn't heard, "Did you practice for the kendo club
tryouts over the summer."

"Yeah, I hope to make captain this year," Tenchi replied.

"My Tenchi-yon's going to make the kendo club," Ryoko interrupted, "He
really knows how to handle a 'stick'."

Ryu felt himself turn green while Tenchi laughed nervously.

*****

Ken was probably the most egotistical kid in the entire school. He always
had something to brag about. He was the captain of the kendo club two years
running and had a mean streak of punishing anyone who tried to beat him out.
Now, he had heard rumors that Tenchi Masaki was trying out for his job. He
walked to the cafeteria and found Tenchi, Muriyaki and her brother, Ryu,
sitting together talking. Ken walked over silently and clamped a hand on
Muriyaki's shoulder.

"Hey Muriyaki," he smiled at her, "Did you have a good summer?"

"What's it to you?" Muriyaki snapped at him.

"Oh, nothing, I just wondered if you were lonely without my tender loving
care."

"Ken, go away!" Tenchi snapped.

"Oh, Masaki's got him a pair now, I didn't think you had the guts to stand
up to me."

"Just leave us alone," Tenchi rose from his seat. He had been working out
during the summer. He had at least another inch on Ken and was looking like
he had been hitting the weights.

"Whatever," Ken laughed, "See you at kendo tryouts Masaki. Bring a towel,
you're gonna need one to throw in."

He walked off laughing. Tenchi would get the beating of his life that
afternoon. As Ken walked down the hall, he bumped into a girl he had never
seen before. She was extremely beautiful. Ken had to have her.

"Hello," Ken said, "I haven't seen you around here before."

"That's because I just moved here. My name is Ryoko."

"I'm Ken," they shook hands, "Look, honey, you have to go out with me."

"What!?"

"Yeah, you can make friends quicker and you get to be the property of the
most popular kid at this school."

"I'm sorry, but I'm seeing someone already."

"You're seeing someone, and it's your first day?"

"Yeah well, we've known each other for a long time, his name's Tenchi
Masaki, do you know him?"

"Tenchi!? Tenchi wouldn't even have to look at a girl like you to get a
nosebleed. Why are you going out with him?"

"Because we're in love," Ken could have sworn she had just floated off the
ground.

*****

"Fifteen parsecs to target point," the computer informed its captain.

"Display target area and scan for any locals that could detect us when we
land," the captain ordered.

"Roger, scanning commencing."

Daigo reclined in his chair and watched as the ship was piloted
automatically by the computer. He whistled a tune he had heard early that
day. The door to the bridge opened and Daigo turned to see his wife, Kiyone
come in and sit down next to him.

"How long until we arrive on Earth?" Kiyone snuggled into Daigo's arms.

"About ten days, you might want to get ready."

"Okay, want to give me a hand?"

"Sure. EVA, tell me when we land."

"Yes, sir, boss."

*****

Tenchi stood ready as Ken lowered himself into a fighting stance. It had
been a year since they had last faced each other, and Tenchi was ready to
show him some of his new tricks. Before Daigo and Kiyone had left for
reassignment, he had shown Tenchi some interesting moves and attacks. The
least of which involved fighting with the Jurai power. His grandfather had
warned Tenchi about using the power in view of others, but Ken had been
deserving this beating for a long time.

Tenchi settled himself into his fighting stance as the instructor rang the
bell for the match to begin. Ken was instantly on Tenchi, hacking and
swiping with his wooden bokken. Tenchi ducked under a blow and roundhoused
Ken's feet out from under him. The instructor rang the bell.

"First point goes to Tenchi," he announced.

"Darn it, you won't be so lucky next time," Ken hissed climbing to his feet.

The second round began and the two combatants clashed. Tenchi dug in and
deflected the series of attacks from his opponent. Ken finally landed a blow
on Tenchi's chest and sent him flying back wards. Tenchi used all his
strength to brace himself with his right hand and avoid hitting the ground.

That was a lucky break, I may need to pull out a few tricks.

Tenchi charged Ken and thrusted. Ken dropped down and elbowed Tenchi in the
stomach. It was an illegal move and Tenchi would get the point, but he would
be out of it for the rest of the fight. As Tenchi crumpled to the floor, Ken
smashed his bokken across his back. The wooden sword splintered and Tenchi
collapsed to the ground. A collective gasp circled the gymnasium, and the
instructor restrained Ken. Ryoko, who had watched the whole thing from the
doorway, was the first to Tenchi's side.

"Tenchi-yon, are you alright?" she asked as she saw the blood running from
his nose.

"My back, my back hurts," he replied, straining to get the words out.

A paramedic was called and Tenchi was rushed to the hospital. He was
diagnosed as having his fifth and sixth vertebrae smashed. Nobuyuki openly
cried into his hands as the doctor told them he would probably be paralyzed
for life from the waist down. That evening, Ryoko stood by Tenchi's bed and
watched him sleep.

This can't be happening. My Tenchi-yon is the greatest fighter I know, how
could something like this happen to him. That arrogant Ken. I'll teach him!

Ryoko disappeared out of the hospital and flew to each house until she found
Ken's. He was asleep in his bed with the covers covering him. Ryoko grinded
her teeth in anger. He would pay for hurting her Tenchi-yon. How he would
pay. Ryoko clenched her right fist and her energy saber formed. She screamed
a battle cry and blasted the window in. Ryoko continued her attack with a
fury of violent energy attacks. She flew into the destroyed room and found
Ken cowering in the corner.

"You! Die!" Ryoko swiped at him with her energy sword, but he managed to
duck under it.

Ryoko, furious and delirious, grabbed Ken by the neck and flew a hundred
miles into the night sky. She stopped over a lake.

"Please don't hurt me!" Ken begged.

"Oh, I'm going to hurt you," Ryoko replied, sadistically, "I'm going to hurt
you bad!"

She wound up and chucked Ken at the lake. He hurtled toward the water at an
astounding rate. Inches before he hit, Ryoko grabbed his ankle.

"Having fun yet?" she asked.

"Please, don't kill me."

*****

Ayeka and Sasami burst into the room at the hospital. They headed straight
to Earth as soon as they had heard that Tenchi had been hurt. Luckily, they
were close by and it didn't take them long to reach Earth. When they entered
the hospital room, Ryoko was asleep across Tenchi's chest and was snoring
loudly. Nobuyuki was sitting in the leather chair watching TV, and Katsuhito
was beside him. The news report on the TV was about a boy that the police
had found hanging naked above the freeway. When authorities had rescued him,
he was constantly raving and babbling.

"She's a demon, a monster I tell you! You have to believe me!" he cried at
the reporters as he was pushed in the backseat of a squad car.

Nobuyuki turned off the TV and all eyes immediately went to the now awake
Ryoko.

"What!?" she replied to all the evil looks, "I told him I wouldn't kill
him."

"At least I thought he deserved it," Nobuyuki mumbled under his breath.

Suddenly, the door busted open. They all turned to see the new doctor
grinning wide and holding a large instrument under her right arm.

"What are you people staring at me for?" Washu asked, "Never seen a nurse as
cute as me?"

Everyone in the room groaned. Washu sneered at them and walked over to
Tenchi. She sat her device on the floor and pushed a few buttons. There was
a beeping noise and Tenchi's bed was replaced by one of Washu's patented
cryogenic chambers.

"Hey!" Ryoko snapped at the scientist, grabbing her by the collar,"What are
you doing to my Tenchi-yon!?"

"If you put me down, I'll tell you."

Ryoko huffed and tossed Washu into a wall. After she pulled herself out of
the hole, Washu kicked Ryoko in the shin.

"Don't do that to me again," she warned, "Anyway! I've put Tenchi in a
stasis pod where these," she pointed to the little black things in the
stasis pod, "Will infiltrate Tenchi's integumentary layers and repair any
skeletal damage. As an added bonus, my little creations will stay in
Tenchi's body and repair any damage he will receive in the future."

The entire room is silent.

"They'll fix his back and make him good as new!"

"Oh," everyone moaned.

*****

A week passed and Tenchi had been moved to his house, where Washu kept a
constant eye on him. The entire house had tried to go about its normal
routine, but everything seemed to be in a less somber mood without Tenchi
around. Ryoko went to school occasionally to get Tenchi's homework, Ayeka
and Sasami cleaned the house, Nobuyuki took some leave time to watch over
Tenchi with Washu, and Katsuhito had spent his time in the shrine. It was
early on a Monday morning when Nobuyuki went to see how Tenchi was doing.

"Washu?" he called, poking his head in the door.

There was no answer and Nobuyuki decided that she was probably deep in her
lab working. He made his way through the lab to where Tenchi floated in his
chamber.

"Tenchi," Nobuyuki whispered, touching the glass cylinder.

It was possibly the second worst day of Nobuyuki's life when Ryoko had
appeared in his office with the news that Tenchi had to be rushed to the
hospital. If it wasn't for Washu, his son would have been paralyzed from the
waist down. He never would be able to walk, or jump, or play again. The one
thing that Nobuyuki hated most about his son being in the stasis chamber was
the fact that Nobuyuki couldn't protect him. Finally, his emotions flooded,
and Nobuyuki collapsed on the floor crying.

That was when Washu walked in and found him. Nobuyuki wasn't the most
intelligent, and certainly not the most chivalrous, person Washu had ever
met, but he probably had the biggest heart. He would give anything to
protect his son from danger. Washu walked over to him and put a hand on his
shoulder.

"Don't cry Nobuyuki," she whispered, "There is nothing worth shedding tears
over. He'll be alright."

"You don't understand," Nobuyuki sobbed, "I've already lost my wife, if I
had lost Tenchi, I don't know what I would have done. It's hard being a
parent. You have no idea."

"Yes, I do."

She knelt down beside him and rested his head on her shoulder.

"Nobuyuki, I had a son."

"You did?"

"Yes, he was my little angel and I loved every minute of having him around."

"What happened to him?"

"I don't know, when I was imprisoned for my experiments seven-hundred years
ago, We said goodbye for the last time. He was Tenchi's age then."

"Washu, I'm sorry."

"Don't be, I spent the first three-hundred years of my captivity crying for
him, but I learned to go on. I knew I had raised a son who had probably made
a positive impact on the universe."

"Are you saying I should go on living and know that Achika would be proud of
us?"

"Yes."

Washu sighed as the tears soaked her shirt. Nobuyuki was so innocent
compared to some of the people Washu had met in her time.

*****

"Hey everybody!" Daigo called from the front door. When there was no
response, he slumped his shoulders, "Where is everyone? You would think that
someone died."

"I know," Kiyone replied, "Usually the house is full of life."

The door to the kitchen opened and Sasami came into the living room.

"Kiyone! Daigo!" she cried and ran to them.

Kiyone wrapped her arms around Sasami and hugged her. It had been to long
since they had been apart. Kiyone smiled and pulled her closer. Yes, it had
been too long to be apart.

Chapter 2

Kiyone relaxed in the large bath and let her head drift underwater. When she
came up, Ryo-ohki was less than an inch from her face. Kiyone screamed and
jumped out of the water. She grabbed her pistol and pointed it at the furry
ohki. Sasami giggled as she held the ohki in her hands.

"What on Earth did you do that for?" Kiyone asked, settling nervously back
into the pool.

"Because it was funny!" Sasami giggled. Ryo-ohki meowed in agreement.

"You scared the crap out of me, Sasami."

"I'm sorry," she sat down beside Kiyone, "I thought you'd think it was funny
too."

She frowned a little while Kiyone mentally kicked herself. Sasami had no one
left in the entire universe. Her mother had died during childbirth and her
father was assassinated three years ago. Now, all Sasami had was Ryo-ohki
and Ayeka. It was sad really. Ayeka seemed to pay little or no attention to
her sister. She was to busy chasing Tenchi to be there for such an innocent
child.

Kiyone put her arm around Sasami and pulled her close.

"Sasami, I'm sorry. Don't cry," she wiped a tear from Sasami's eye.

"So, (sniffle) you're not mad at me?"

"Why would I be mad at you? You didn't do anything wrong."

"I know, but Ayeka, she gets mad at me when I do things like that."

"Ayeka's pretty high strung. But, it's not wrong to have fun with people.
It's a part of growing up."

They finished bathing in silence. That night at dinner, Sasami seemed to
want to be near Kiyone. When bedtime came, Kiyone carried the exhausted
little princess to her room.

Washu had made some slight adjustments to the house since their return.
Three new rooms were added using pseudo-space; one for Mihoshi, one for
Daigo and Kiyone, and one for Sasami. Sasami's room was the most extravagant
room in the house. Washu had succeeded in copying Sasami's room in the Royal
Palace on Jurai. There was even room for the two resident ohkis to sleep.

When Kiyone opened the door, Ki-ohki perked his ear up and ran up onto
Kiyone's shoulder. He meowed and watched as Kiyone tucked Sasami into her
bed and pulled the covers over her.

You're in a good mood tonight.

Sasami's so beautiful, isn't she?

Yes, and so innocent.

She reminds me of myself when I was young.

Kiyone, what are you talking about?

I love Sasami. I wanted my child to be like her. She's the perfect model of
what a child should be.

While Kiyone and Ki-ohki mentally debated, Sasami woke up. She was still
very tired and her vision wasn't good. All she saw was a blurry figure
sitting on her bed and watching her.

"Mommy," she whispered.

Kiyone froze. Sasami had just called her mommy. She smiled and stroked her
long, light blue hair.

"Yes, Sasami," she whispered in a soothing voice, "I'll be your mommy."

*****

That was two years ago, when Kiyone adopted Sasami as her child. It hurt
Kiyone to be apart from her child while they were away working, but they
were back together again. Sasami smiled as she and her mother sat together
on the couch. Daigo sat on Sasami's other side.

"How was your time back on Jurai, Sami-cha'ya," Kiyone asked, cradling her
daughter.

"I had a ton of fun Mommy. All my friends were there and everybody enjoyed
meeting Ryo-ohki and Ki-ohki."

Since cabbits were not allowed to be owned by Galaxy Police officers, Kiyone
let Sasami keep Ki-ohki while she was working. Ki-ohki had protested at
first, but eventually grew on Sasami like Ryo-ohki.

"Did you learn a lot?" Daigo asked.

"Not really, Washu had already taught me most of the stuff we learned in
school. I was top in my class."

"That's my baby," Kiyone hugged her daughter close.

Ayeka entered the kitchen and saw Sasami was nowhere to be found. She walked
into the living room and saw Kiyone and Daigo talking with Sasami.

"Oh, Kiyone, Daigo," she greeted them, "I did not hear you come in."

"Ayeka, what's up?" Daigo waved from the couch.

"Oh, nothing much," she sat down across from them.

"Has anything exciting happened around here since we've been gone?"

"Actually, yes."

For the next ten minutes, Ayeka explained about Tenchi being attacked and
Washu putting him in a stasis pod in her lab. When she was finished, Kiyone
was a tearful mood at how someone as kind as Tenchi could cause someone to
do such an evil thing. Daigo, stood up and went in the lab. He made his way
through the many different compartments hoping to find the stasis chamber.
He kicked open one door and gasped at what he saw. Washu was asleep in her
rather large bed with her arm draped over......Nobuyuki!?

"What the hell!?" Daigo backed out while slamming the door shut.

Okay, I did not just see that. There was no way I saw that.

As his breathing got heavier, Daigo sat down on the nearest machine he could
find. A moment later, Washu came out, dressed in a red bathrobe, and sat
down next to Daigo.

"Daigo, it's not what you think," she said.

"Sure, then what is it?"

"I...I...oh, hell, it probably is what you think, just promise me you won't
tell anyone until it's time."

"Fine, just don't get caught, I don't want Kiyone to yell at me for knowing
about this."

"Sure."

Daigo walked through the lab, back to the exit, and found Ayeka, Sasami, and
Kiyone all awaiting him.

"How is, Lord Tenchi?" Ayeka asked.

"He's fine," Daigo lied.

Ayeka returned to whatever she had been doing, while Sasami helped her
parents unpack. Since they were permanently moving back in, they had a lot
of stuff. Sasami carried one of the heavier suitcases up the stairs and
found Kiyone unpacking a box of rather skimpy outfits.

"Mommy, you're naughty!" Sasami teased.

Kiyone blushed and kicked the garments under the bed. Sasami ran to her
mother and jumped into her awaiting arms.

"Mommy, where is Mihoshi?" Sasami asked.

"Mihoshi is still working for the Galaxy Police, but she promised to come
and visit us soon."

"Are you sad you and Mihoshi aren't working together anymore?"

"Sort of, you see, we didn't get along that well, but we were best friends."

"You're my best friend, aren't you, Mommy?"

"That and a thousand things more," Kiyone hugged her daughter tight.

*****

Tenchi's eyes opened to the bright light above him. Where was he? What was
going on? Tenchi rolled on his side and saw Washu typing on her holo-top.
How had he gotten in Washu's lab? Last thing he remembered was lying
facedown in a pool of his blood with Ryoko over him.

"Washu?" Tenchi spoke.

"Oh, Tenchi," Washu turned around, "I didn't think you would wake up for
another hour or so. How do you feel?"

"Fine. Why? What happened?"

"First, tell me how much you remember before you passed out."

"Last thing I remember was Ryoko over me, while I was lying in a pool of my
own blood."

"Okay, now I'll tell you what you don't know. You were hospitalized. The
doctors said you're spine had been fractured in certain places that caused
you to lose the ability to control your lower body. Luckily, I, being the
great genius I am, brought you to my lab, where I repaired the damage."

"Really, can I walk now?"

"Sure. You see, I put you in a cryo-genic chamber where I used my latest
invention to repair the skeletal damage."

"Your latest invention?"

"Yes, I call them neuromuscular and skeletal droids. They're basically
enzymes that can repair any damage to your body. "

"Really?"

"Yes, would you like to see?"

"I guess."

Washu hopped off her floating pillow and walked over to where Tenchi laid.

"Let me see your hand," she requested.

Tenchi nervously extended his right hand. Washu grabbed it violently and
sliced a long gash across his forearm. Tenchi yelped and pulled his arm
back. Washu laughed hysterically while Tenchi blew on his cut. Surprisingly,
hundreds of little black worm-like creatures started coming through Tenchi's
skin. The little worms covered the gash completely, and Tenchi felt like
someone had covered his arm with a cold compress. After about a minute, the
worms sunk through Tenchi's skin revealing perfect skin. There was no gash
or anything, not even a scar.

"Washu, that's amazing," Tenchi complimented the job well done.

"Thank you, Tenchi." Washu replied, "It's easy when you're as smart as me!"

Tenchi groaned.

*****

An hour passed and Tenchi was released from the lab. Ryoko was the first to
greet him. She was in his arms the minute he stepped through the door.

"My Tenchi-yon, I've missed you so much," Ryoko squealed, kissing him all
over.

"Ryoko-yoni, I, uh, missed you, too." he replied, trying to breath.

The rest of the family was equally happy to see that Tenchi was healed up.
Everyone said their thanks that Washu had been there to save him. During the
festive span of ten minutes, Tenchi did see Daigo giving Washu a strange
look.

"Dinner's ready!" Sasami called from the kitchen.

Everyone piled into the kitchen and started eating. Tenchi took his usual
seat, Ryoko snuggled up next to him, Daigo and Kiyone took their seats with
Sasami between them, and everyone filled in the holes. As Tenchi was
finishing, the doorbell rang.

"I'll get it," he excused himself from the table and walked to the door.

He opened the door to find a man dressed in a solid red outfit holding a
brown package in his hands.

"I got a delivery for Daigo Kogima," the man said, "You him?"

"No, but I can give it to him."

"Fine by me, sign here."

Tenchi signed the form the man was holding and carried the package into the
living room. Daigo came out of the kitchen to see what Tenchi was doing.

"Tenchi, who was that?" he asked.

"Some guy," Tenchi responded, "He told me to give this to you."

Tenchi handed the package to Daigo. The former detective ripped the wrapping
off and produced a letter. Daigo gasped at what was written.

*****

He couldn't believe it, he just couldn't. The letter was from his mother.
She had fallen ill and had asked for him to come be by her side. Daigo
folded the letter and tucked it in his pocket.

"Tenchi, it's my mother," he informed him," I have to go to her."

"Do you have to, you just got here?"

"Yes, trust me. This is something I have to do."

"Alright, but I'm coming with you."

"Tenchi, you can't. You have school."

"Hey, as a prince of Jurai, it's my duty to help out my friends."

"Fine, I guess you can go," Daigo sighed and crossed his arms. Tenchi would
only acknowledge the fact that he was prince of Jurai when he was really
serious about something.

"We're going, too." came a collection of voices from the kitchen.

Daigo turned to see the rest of the family sticking their heads out the
doorway. Daigo groaned. Why did everyone have to follow him around?

*****

The next morning, everyone that was going was packed and ready to leave on
the Exator. Since Daigo had retired, the Exator was stripped of all its
armaments and other standard GP accessories. EVA was left as a farewell
present from his buddies.

Tenchi was carrying the last of his things out to the ship when Ryoko
materialized in his way.

"Why don't you let me get those?" Ryoko offered.

"Thank you, Ryoko-yoni," Tenchi replied, handing the suitcases to Ryoko.

"It's no big deal, but you'll have to make it up to me on the way."

The seductiveness in her voice caused Tenchi to gulp loudly. Still, he loved
being with his Ryoko. Tenchi turned to his father, his grandfather, and
Washu, who were all staying behind.

"Are you sure you don't want to come?" Tenchi asked.

"I have some experiments that need my attention," Washu replied.

"I have to go to work," Nobuyuki added.

"And I have to tend to the shrine," Katsuhito informed his grandson, "But,
take care."

"I will grandpa," Tenchi turned and walked up the ramp into the ship.

Seconds later, the ship blasted off. Katsuhito sighed softly and turned to
go up the steps to the shrine.

"That boy is an odd one," he whispered outloud, "He'll make a great emperor.
And Daigo, I hope he knows what he's getting in to."

Chapter 3

The trip would take three days and Tenchi and the rest of the Exator's
passengers were trying to pass the time as best they could. Tenchi spent
most of his time studying or being with Ryoko, Kiyone and Sasami spent most
of their time together doing mother-daughter things, and Ayeka spent most of
her time watching them. Although, she would never admit it, Ayeka was
saddened that Kiyone had adopted Sasami. Every time that they were together,
Ayeka would get this really depressed look on her face. Tenchi did think
that she deserved most of what she got. Sasami had tried so many times to
get Ayeka to love her, but every time, she was turned down. It was Ayeka's
loss that Kiyone had come in and picked the little princess up and carried
her into a real family.

Tenchi put his hands in his pockets as he rounded the corner of one of the
ship's hallways. He turned around the corner and walked into the ship's
vacant area. Daigo was sitting in the middle of the room with his legs
crossed under him. Surrounding him were a number of mobile droids. Each had
a nasty looking weapon attached to the end. Tenchi slipped behind a metal
container as Daigo drew his Jurain sword hilt. The blade roared to life in a
magnificent explosion of energy.

"EVA," Daigo yelled outloud, "Start the program."

Suddenly, the droids roared to life. They fired volley after volley of laser
at Daigo. Tenchi gasped as all the shots hit their mark. Tenchi was about to
call for help when the smoke began to clear. There, standing unharmed, was
Daigo. An energy the color of his sword circulated around his body. He cried
a battle cry and attacked the droids. Slicing and firing bolts of Jurain
energy, Daigo destroyed all the little spherical training droids. When the
last one was sliced in half, Tenchi poked his head out from behind the metal
crates.

"Tenchi," Daigo called, "What are you doing back there?"

"I was watching you," Tenchi replied, "Man, you're good."

"It takes a lot of training to be as good as I am."

"No kidding."

"Tenchi!, Daddy!" Sasami poked her head into the room, "Dinner is almost
ready."

"Alright, Sami-cha'ya," Daigo called back, "Let me shower and I'll be there.
See you at dinner Tenchi."

Daigo pocketed the sword hilt and left the room. Tenchi stared in awe at how
Daigo was such a powerful fighter. He picked up one of the smashed droids
and examined the slash through it. The slice was so precise that it had cut
the droid in two equal halves. Daigo was powerful, but could he be powerful
than Tenchi's grandfather? His grandfather was the legendary warrior Yosho.
He had been the strongest fighter on Jurai and had the ability to wield the
entire force of the Jurai power. Could Daigo possibly be stronger?

*****

Daigo sat in his seat at the dinner table in deep thought. Ever since his
battle with Krysler, Daigo had felt he had some power that had yet to be
unlocked. He felt it when he had donned the Light-Hawk wings, but couldn't
release it. Since then, he had tried everyday to unlock that power. It was a
burning in his mind that could never be satisfied. Disgruntled, he crossed
his arms across his chest and slumped in his chair.

Darn it. No matter how much I train and work, I can never reach my goal. Is
it that impossible to get stronger?

"Daddy," Sasami tugged at his elbow, "What's wrong? Don't you like my
dinner?"

Daigo snapped back into the real world. He looked down at his plate and saw
that he had yet to eat a bite. Also, he was getting strange looks from
Kiyone and the rest of the table.

"No, Sasami," he hugged his adopted daughter, "This is excellent, I just
have a lot of things on my mind. Everything you cook is a masterpiece."

"Thanks, Daddy!" Sasami shoved another spoonful of rice in her mouth.

Daigo returned to his thought, but made sure he kept eating while he was
thinking. It hurt Daigo internally that his mother had fallen sick. He
hadn't seen her in a good while. The last time they had seen each other was
at Daigo and Kiyone's wedding a year ago. His mother, Murisaki, was a
beautiful woman for her age. She had worked in the Galaxy Police for thirty
years as a desk sergeant and as an administrator to the Supreme Commander.
She retired when Daigo was born. Daigo's father was also a GP officer, but
he died before Daigo was born. That was what drove him to become a cop.
Daigo trained hard for fifteen years of his life, until he reached the age
required to enter the Galaxy Police Academy. His mother supported him the
whole way, encouraging him when he had been down. Most of all, his mother
had supported him when he popped the question to Kiyone.

Suddenly, there was a loud explosion. The room jumped and everyone went
flying around. Daigo landed in the corner and Sasami landed on top of him.
There was another explosion and a gray cloud flooded into the room. Daigo
tried to stand up, but a tremendous force knocked him into the wall.

"Help me, Daddy!" he heard Sasami scream.

"Sami-cha'ya, I'm coming!" Daigo called back to her.

Daigo rose to his feet, but a hand smashed into his stomach.

"Forget it pal," an evil voice hissed, "You're not going anywhere!"

Daigo located where the voice was coming from and kicked his assailant in
the groin area. The gas began to clear enough so that Daigo could make out
his attacker. He was a short and squat man dressed in solid black with a
black ski mask to match. Daigo drew his sword from his belt and the red
energy blade hissed to life.

"I think you picked the wrong ship to attack, buddy," Daigo spat, ramming
the sword into the man's chest.

He pulled the blade out and looked around for the others. They were only
lightly dazed and seemed to be okay. Ayeka was hurt the worst. She had a
small cut across her forehead that Kiyone was tending to.

"Go after them," she instructed, "They took Sasami!"

"Right," Daigo took off down the hall. Three more men stood at the end of
the corridor with Sasami in their arms. Daigo placed both hands on his sword
and pointed it at the men.

"Release my daughter now," he demanded, fire churning inside of him. The men
whispered among themselves, but didn't release the crying Sasami. Daigo took
another step closer to them, "I"m warning you, don't make me mad."

One of the men yelled in a devilish voice and lunged at Daigo. As he flew,
he drew a large silver sword. Daigo smirked. He rolled around the attacker
and ran the sword through his back. The other two men snarled. Daigo turned
to face them. He was about ready to attack when one of them tossed a small
container at Daigo. It exploded in a loud pop and a bright flash of light.
Daigo, temporarily blinded, dropped to one knee. He raised his hand to fire
at the general direction of the men, but he stopped himself. He could hit
Sasami. When his vision returned, the men, and his daughter, were gone.
Tenchi came running up to him.

"Where are they? Where's Sasami?" he asked.

"They got away," Daigo admitted, saddened.

"Don't worry," Ryoko came running up behind Tenchi, "We can go after them."

Ryoko headed for the airlock, and Tenchi and Daigo followed her. When they
arrived, they found the ex-space pirate holding her furry, brown ohki behind
the ears.

"We can go after them in Ryo-ohki," she smiled.

Ryo-ohki meowed, and Ryoko ejected her into space. She meowed and
transformed into ship mode. Instantly, the three were on board the
cabbit/ship.

"Ryo-ohki," Ryoko commanded, "Go after them!"

The cabbit took off after the escaping ship. The kidnapper's ship was faster
than Ryo-ohki and seemed as if they would get away. Daigo clenched his fist,
he could not let those monsters get away with his daughter. Suddenly, a
Galaxy Police cruiser jumped out of warp and cut off the kidnapper's ship.
It fired at the ship and its engines exploded. Ryo-ohki pulled up alongside
the disabled ship and beamed Daigo aboard. He found Sasami crying in the
middle of the bridge while the two men were dead, pieces of shrapnel had
disembodied them. Daigo took his daughter in his arms and pulled her close.

"Ssh, don't cry, I'm here," he whispered to her, "You're safe now."

"Daddy," Sasami whimpered.

Daigo picked her up and carried her to the airlock where Ryo-ohki was
docking. The door slid open, and Tenchi and Ryoko busted through, weapons
drawn.

"Daigo, what happened?" Ryoko asked.

"The GP ship must have killed them, they're both dead," he informed them,
"By the way, who was that in the GP cruiser?"

"Hi!" Mihoshi poked her head through the door to the airlock.

Everyone collapsed on the floor.

*****

"So you knew that those pirates were following us?" Kiyone questioned her
former partner.

"Yes, they appeared on my scanners while I was trying to contact your ship,"
Mihoshi replied.

"Well, you did an excellent job in saving Sami-cha'ya."

"Thanks Kiyone!" she hugged her ex-partner around the neck tight enough to
cut off air in Kiyone's lungs.

"Mi...hoshi....let....me....go!"

"Oh," she released her, "Sorry, Kiyone."

"No...problem."

The Exator finished its voyage to Genesis One, the planet where Daigo's
mother lived, without any other conflicts. As the ship touched down,
everyone gathered in the docking bay. Daigo was dressed in his dress uniform
from the Galaxy Police, Mihoshi and Kiyone were dressed in theirs, Tenchi
had his royal robes from Jurai, as did Ayeka and Sasami, and Ryoko wore her
usual orange, black, and white dress with tails. Kiyone took Daigo's hand
and pulled herself close to him. They kissed briefly while Sasami snickered
under her breath. It was a common occurrence for the young princess to make
smart little jokes about her parents. Neither of them minded, although they
could get a little embarrassing.

The door of the Exator opened and they all stepped out. Two armed guards
awaited them.

"Lord Daigo," one of them saluted Daigo, "Your ride is waiting."

"Alright, how is my mother?"

"Her condition has stabilized, but I'm afraid her time is running out."

"Fine, then we must hurry."

The entire group filed into the black, hover-limo and it took off down the
road. Genesis One was the wealthiest planet next to Jurai. Billions of
dollars poured into its economy every year as a result of being the home of
the Intergalactic Science Academy. Hundreds of the universe's greatest
scientist did their research on the planet. As they rounded a corner, Ayeka
pointed to the large black building where a tourist group was taking photos.

"What is that?" she asked one of the guards.

"That," he replied, "Was the diabolical research center of the infamous
Washu. She was sent into exile after inventing weapons that could destroy
the universe."

"Oh my," Mihoshi gulped, "I hope Washu doesn't find out about those people
going through her stuff."

"Shut up!" Kiyone slapped her in the back of the head.

"Ow, it hurts," Mihoshi groaned.

The limo rounded a corner and turned into a rather extravagant castle-like
building. When the limo stopped, all the occupants climbed out.

"Your mother lives here?" Kiyone asked, partly amazed.

"Yeah, she's kinda rich," Daigo replied, sheepishly.

"And when were you going to tell me?"

"Eventually."

Kiyone sighed as they filed through the large building. As it turned out,
the entire complex was a large research lab. They ascended the flights of
stairs to the living quarters of the building. Daigo opened one of the doors
and ushered them all through. The woman in the bed across from them was
Murisaki. She didn't have the same air of confidence and happiness that she
had at their wedding, Kiyone remembered. The woman, still fairly beautiful
in her old age, smiled as her son and daughter-in-law entered her room.

"Grandmommy!" Sasami cried and ran to Murisaki.

"How is my favorite granddaughter?" Murisaki asked, hugging her.

"I'm fine grandmommy."

Daigo walked over and sat down next to his mother. He took her hand and
smiled at her.

"Are you going to be alright?" he asked, a tear forming in his eye.

"I'm afraid my time is short, Daigo," Murisaki replied dryly.

"Don't say that, Mom. The doctors are working hard to find a medicine,
aren't they?"

"There's no medicine for old age son. It's just my time."

"No, don't say that."

"I can't deny it, and neither should you. Just remember the times we had
together."

"Mom, don't die. You're all the family I've ever had."

"Son," she paused dramatically for a minute or so, "There's something I have
to tell you. Can you tell your friends to leave us alone?"

Daigo nodded. He turned to Kiyone and motioned towards the door. She nodded
and led everyone outside. Once they were alone, Daigo turned back to his
sickly mother.

"What is it, Mom?"

"Daigo, I'm not your real mother."

"What? Of course you are."

"No, I'm not. I don't know who your real mother is, but she left a note with
you saying that when I passed on to tell you to go to the Temple of Tsunami
on Jurai to find her."

"The Temple of Tsunami, why there?"

"I don't know. I have something to give to you, Daigo."

She reached to the desk by her bed and pulled out a small, ruby stone. It
was about the size of Daigo's fist and gleamed in the light of the room.
Murisaki placed the stone in Daigo's hand and closed his fingers around it.

"The note also said to take this with you," she smiled, resisting death,
"Please, go find your real mother Daigo. I love you like you are really my
child, but you have to find your real mother. If you need a reason to go, go
for me. It would make me able to die happy, if you'll carry out this wish."

"Mother," Daigo stared at the jewel in his hand, "You're my mother to me.
You treated me as your own, and now, I will honor your last wish for you.
Please, just say that you love me."

"I love you, Daigo. My love for you is eternal. We'll see each other again
one day, I promise."

Tears streamed down Daigo's cheeks as his mother closed her eyes for the
last time. He kissed her on the cheek and said a silent prayer. Daigo sat by
her side for a while, alone, looking at the jewel in his hand. Why did his
"real"mother want him to come to the shrine to Jurai's god to meet her? It
was too confusing and Daigo was too grief-stricken to think of a good
reason.

*****

That night, Kiyone was feeling kind of frisky. Daigo was on the balcony of
his mother's complex when she came out. Daigo felt her when she wrapped her
arms around his waist.

"Mmm, Daigo, you're wife's getting cold," she purred in his ear, "Come keep
me warm."

"Kiyone, I'm sorry," he sighed, "I'm not in the mood."

He leaned on the railing and she stood beside him. Kiyone was the most
magical being he could ever ask for in the world. She was smart,
intelligent, and her love was an unbreakable. Since their wedding, Kiyone
had been the perfect wife. They had never fought over anything, and now that
they had Sasami, she seemed to get happier everyday.

Daigo smiled widely at his wife and pulled her close against him.

"Did I ever tell you how much I love you?" he whispered in her ear.

"Yes, and I know a way I can let you prove it."

"Oh, feeling frisky, are we?"

"A little."

He picked her up and carried her back into the bedroom. After several hours
of "togetherness", Daigo left his sleeping wife in her bed. He got out of
their bed and pulled his clothes back on. Daigo stood at the door watching
Kiyone sleep for about ten minutes before leaving. He silently walked to
Sasami's room and found her asleep in her bed with Ryo-ohki and Ki-ohki
cuddled up in her arms. Daigo kissed her on the forehead and walked out of
the complex and took a taxi to the starport. He boarded the Exator and went
to the bridge.

"Evening, Captain," EVA greeted him.

"Evening, EVA. Fire up the boosters will you?"

"Yes, sir," the engines roared to life, "May I ask where we are going?"

"Jurai."

The Exator lifted off the platform and flew through the planet's atmosphere.
Daigo let EVA pilot the ship while he went to the cargo hold to train. He
had to unlock what he felt hidden inside him. He felt it was his destiny to.
Daigo stopped by his quarters and pulled his sword hilt from its place on
the wall.

It's funny, but I feel a strong energy radiating from the sword. Daigo
pulled the jewel his mother had given him before she had died from his
pocket. Could this stone be the source of this energy?

Chapter 4

Kiyone awoke with a deep pleasure inside of her. Daigo was such a great
husband. She rolled over to greet him, but he wasn't there.

That's strange. I wonder where he is?

Kiyone got out of bed and went to the bathroom. She showered and brushed her
teeth. She put on her usual white shirt and blue jeans and went out in the
hallway. Ayeka was walking towards Tenchi and Ryoko's room.

"Morning Ayeka," Kiyone waved.

"Good Morning, Lady Kiyone," Ayeka replied, "I was just taking these
garments to Lord Tenchi, so he will not have to wear dirty clothes."

"Ayeka, that's sweet of you."

Kiyone turned and went to check on Sasami. The young princess was asleep in
her bed still. Ki-ohki yawned awake as Kiyone sat down next to her daughter.

Good morning Kiyone.

Good morning Ki-ohki, did you sleep well?

Yes, but try to keep the mental thoughts to a minimum please. You sent me
got some very wrong things last night.

Sorry. Anyway, have you seen Daigo? I can't find him.

I haven't seen him, but he did come in last night to see Sasami.

Alright, thanks. Now, let's wake my little angel up.

Kiyone leaned over and kissed Sasami on the cheek. Her bright, red eyes
fluttered open and smile crossed her freckled face.

"Morning, Mommy," Sasami whispered.

"Good morning, Sami-cha'ya. Did you sleep good?"

"Yes, I did."

"Are you hungry?"

"A little."

"Well, get dressed and I'll see if they serve breakfast in this place."

"Okay, Mommy."

Sasami dressed in her usual clothes and they went to the cafeteria in the
large complex. They both got a bowl of cereal and toast. Sasami, though, had
orange juice, while Kiyone had coffee. They were eating when Tenchi came
running up.

"Kiyone, you're not going to believe this," he said, sitting down, "But the
Exator left."

"What!?"

"Yes, the Exator took off. The people at the spaceport said it left some
time last night."

"You're kidding! What was Daigo thinking!?"

*****

The Exator touched down on the landing pad at Jurai Regional Spaceport.
Daigo had managed to catch an intergalactic wormhole to Jurai which cut his
trip down to a few hours. He landed the ship on one of the docking bays and
sprinted off. Once he was through customs, Daigo caught a taxi to the
religious area of the planet. The massive Great Tree loomed over the
sanctuary to Jurai's gods as Daigo pulled up to a stop. He paid the driver
and went inside the Temple of Tsunami. There was no one around. Daigo walked
through the halls of the great temple, looking for someone, anyone, who
could help him. Finally, he came to a stop at the center of the temple. The
center of the temple was were the Great Tree was rooted. It had been said
that if the tree was destroyed or uprooted, the Jurai power would vanish and
its power over the universe would disappear.

"So, this is the Great Tree," Daigo mumbled, "Doesn't look like much."

It was then when Daigo noticed the small notch at the base of the tree. He
walked over and kneeled down to get a better look. The notch was small,
probably the size of a.....a.....fist. Daigo reached hurriedly into his
pocket and pulled the jewel out. He stared at it. It seemed to be the right
match for the notch. Slowly, he slid the jewel into the notch. At first,
nothing happened. Then, the tree began emitting a radiant glow. Daigo felt
something radiating in his jacket. He removed his sword and it was emitting
the same glow as the tree. Suddenly, there was a bright burst of light.
Daigo tried to shield his eyes but the burst caused him to go temporarily
blind.

"What the?" he cursed, "What the hell's going on!?"

Daigo," a soothing voice called to him.

Daigo slowly moved his arms away from his eyes. He was no longer in the
temple, but in a rose garden. The roses were all the same. All beautiful,
all perfect. At the center of the garden was a silver pool of water. Daigo
walked up to the pool and looked into it. He saw, not his reflection, but
that of a woman. She was stunningly beautiful. Her skin was that of pure
silk, and her hair, turquoise in color, was tied in two ponytails that
descended down her back. Daigo knelt down and touched the water. When he
did, the woman's image vanished. Daigo stood up, confused at what was going
on and where he was. He looked up and saw the woman floating in the center
of the pool.

"Daigo, "she whispered, "Daigo, welcome home."

"Home, what's going on? Where am I?"

"You are in the Great Tree. This is my home, and yours."

"My home?"

"Yes, Daigo, my name is Tsunami, the goddess of Jurai. I am your mother."

"My mother? Impossible! How can you be my mother?"

"I am your mother, because I created you. It started eleven hundred years
ago, when you were born. I was one of two goddesses guarding the universe. I
guarded Jurai, while my sister, Tokimi, guarded the rest of the universe.
Tokimi became obsessed with her power that she spread chaos and anger
through her realm. It was then, that I mothered you. You see, I cannot leave
my protective area that reaches to the border of Jurai's territory. I
created you, my son, to go forth and destroy Tokimi. You did, but at the
price of your own life. You died, saving the universe. As a gift for
destroying Tokimi, I reincarnated you thirty years ago and sent you to live
with a foster family. I hoped you could live your life out in peace, but I
was wrong."

"What happened?"

"You had actually failed in your mission. You had not killed Tokimi, but
imprisoned her. Your foster mother was cursed to die the day that Tokimi
begin her escape."

"And that's why I was supposed to come here when she died?"
"Yes, you must battle Tokimi again, and destroy her. The fate of the entire
universe depends on you."

"But, how do I defeat Tokimi?"

"You have a gift that comes from being my son. You are able to don the
Light-Hawk wings, yes? Although they are powerful, they are not the
strongest power you posses. The Light-Hawk wings fail in the power to the
power you have inside you. The power is equal to all the Jurai power
combined into one."

"I know, I feel it inside of me, I just can't unlock it."

"Yes, your powers will unlock themselves, when the time comes. Just prepare
for Tokimi. She is an evil spirit greater than all the evil in the universe
put together."

"When will I know when she comes?"

"You will know."

Tsunami moved effortlessly from the center of the pool to beside Daigo. She
smiled at him and placed her hands on his shoulders. She leaned in to where
their foreheads touched. Daigo felt as if something was entering his body
from where they were touching. Tsunami smiled and released her grip on his
shoulders.

"Yes, my son, you have made a good life for yourself," she whispered, "But
I'm afraid the peace in the universe shall not last much longer. You must
prepare for Tokimi."

Daigo looked down at the ground and clenched the sword in his hand, "Mother,
I know I can defeat Tokimi. I know I have the power."

"Yes, but there is a sacrifice you must make."

"A sacrifice?"

"You must leave your family to prepare for Tokimi's coming. I'm sorry, but
if you stay with them, Tokimi could use them to her advantage."

"Must I leave my family? Can they not help me?"

"Son, look this way," she pointed to the silver lake. Its crystalline waters
disappeared and were replaced by the image of a group of dead corpses. Daigo
turned his head, it was his family. Tenchi was ontop of Ryoko, they both had
their stomachs slit. Ayeka was impaled by a Jurain light sword, and Mihoshi
was disembodied. Daigo turned his back to the image as his eyes grazed over
the image of his wife and child, both dead. Kiyone had Sasami in her arms
and a spear ran through both their bodies.

"Why are you showing me this?" Daigo demanded, cringing.

"This is what will become of your family and friends if you ask for them to
fight with you. Daigo, this is why you must leave them."

"Alright, but can you protect them?"

"If they come into my area of protection, yes, I can protect them."

Daigo clenched the sword in his hand harder.

Damn it, I don't want to do this, but if its what I'm destined to do.

"Alright, I'll begin my training to prepare for Tokimi."

Tsunami smiled warmly and wrapped her arms around Daigo. She pulled him
close. Daigo patted his mother on the back as she shed small tears. Daigo
sighed, he didn't know that goddesses could cry.

"Daigo, I have waited eons to see you again," she whispered, "How I've
missed you."

"It's alright, mother," he replied, stroking her turquoise hair, "I'm home
now."

*****

It had been hours and Washu had yet to scan for the Exator. Since it was
their only ride, Kiyone and everyone else had to go home on Mihoshi's GP
cruiser. Now, they were all huddled around the tiny scientist as she punched
rapidly on her holo-top.

"So, Washu, can you find him?" Kiyone asked.

"I'm trying," Washu replied, "The universe is a big place you know."

"I'm sorry."

"Mommy," Sasami tugged at her mother's sleeve, "Where's Daddy gone?"

"I don't know, Sami-cha'ya, but we'll find him.

"It's not like Daigo to take off like that and not leave us a note or
anything," Tenchi spoke up.

"I found him!" Washu yelled triumphantly, "He's on Jurai, or at least the
Exator is."

"Then that's where I'm going," Kiyone turned and raced out of the lab.
Ki-ohki was waiting for her on a rock by the lake. Kiyone nodded at the
cabbit. It meowed and leaped up in the air. Instantly, it transformed into
its ship form and beamed Kiyone aboard.

"Ki-ohki," Kiyone ordered, settling into the command chair, "Set a course
for Jurai."

The cabbit/ship meowed and flew off. It was two days and three rest stops
later, that the cabbit/ship touched down on Jurai. Ki-ohki beamed Kiyone off
and returned to cabbit form. He hopped onto Kiyone's shoulder as the
ex-detective headed to the spaceport. Sure enough, the Exator was sitting on
its landing pad. Kiyone flagged down a maintenance officer.

"How long has this ship ben here?" she asked.

"About a month or so, we were preparing to confiscate it," the officer
replied.

A month? He's been here a month.

"Please don't confiscate it. I'll claim it."

"Alright, its no problem, just move it before the military comes. They scare
so many people around here it's unbelievable."

The maintenance officer walked off while Kiyone ran to the Exator. She set
the automatic pilot and sent it to a stationary orbit outside the planet's
atmosphere. After the ship had left, Kiyone headed into the nearby religious
center of the planet. The area was bustling with people going about their
business. Some were conducting regular business, while others were visiting
the numerous shrines and temples. Kiyone walked through the streets until
she found the center of the town. It was the Great Tree. Kiyone walked into
the temple and headed through the many corridors of the Temple of Tsunami.
She rounded one corner and found a priest praying to a statue of the
goddess. She silently slipped by and headed up a flight of stone stairs. At
the top was a congregation of people praying. As they prayed, Kiyone headed
down another long corridor. She came to a large door made of stone. The
mural on the door depicted a battle between good and evil. On the right was
the light and on the right was the darkness. The light was represented by a
man dressed in robes and wielding a sword of imaginable power. The darkness
was a woman wielding lighting, which came from her fingertips.

Kiyone leaned up against the door and pushed it open. The large door opened
slowly to reveal a large room. There standing in the center of the room, was
Daigo.

"Daigo!" Kiyone called to him and ran to him.

"Kiyone?" he looked up at her.

She was going to leap in his arms, but he extended a hand up. Kiyone stopped
as he turned his back to her.

"What are you doing here?" he asked.

"I came to find you," she replied, "You left without telling anybody where
you were going."

"Kiyone, you must leave this place."

"What?"

"It's not safe for you to be near me," He turned around and looked into her
eyes, "I'm sorry, we can't be together anymore."

"What are you talking about?" the tears built up in Kiyone's eyes. What was
he saying?

"Kiyone, I'm saying that we cannot be together anymore. Please, just leave."

"Daigo, I'll never leave you, I love you."

"I know you do, but there are 'circumstances'. I can't see you anymore."

"No, it can't be true."

Kiyone collapsed to her knees. As she wept, Daigo sighed. He hung his head
and left the room. She continued crying to herself for hours.

What's happened to him? Is it something I've done? He doesn't want me
anymore, but why?

*****

Tenchi sat on the couch and looked out of the glass sliding door that led to
the veranda of their house. Since Kiyone had returned, she had been in a
depressed mood. She would spend long hours on the veranda, and she had taken
up drinking. It was a bad habit she had gotten into. She spent little time
with Sasami anymore. The young princess thought it was something she had
done, but Tenchi and Ryoko had comforted her and told her that her mother
was just going through some hard times. Even Ki-ohki seemed to be in a
depressed state.

Ryoko appeared at Tenchi's side and snuggled up next to him.

"She's still out there?" Ryoko asked.

"Yes, she's been out there with that bottle of whiskey for an hour," Tenchi
replied.

"I wonder what happened on Jurai?"

"I don't know. She won't talk about it."

"I put Sasami to bed, it's hard on her, Tenchi-yon. She thinks it's her
fault that Kiyone's acting like that. Someone really needs to give her a run
down on parenting. Go talk to her, Tenchi-yon."

"Do you think I should?"

The look on Ryoko's face was more than enough of an answer. Tenchi sighed
and walked out to the veranda. When Kiyone noticed his presence, she hung
her head low. Tenchi walked up next to her and leaned across the railing of
the veranda.

"Kiyone, what's wrong?" he asked, trying to sound sympathetic.

She didn't answer. Instead, she took another shot of her whiskey bottle.
They stood there in silence for a while. Tenchi thought it was about time to
go back inside when he heard Kiyone crying. Tenchi looked back in the house,
and Ryoko nodded an answer to him. He wrapped his arm across Kiyone's
shoulder and hugged her tight.

"He left me," she whispered, tears running down her face.

"He what? Oh, I'm sorry."

"Don't be. It's just, he never gave me a reason. He just said, 'leave me, we
can't be together'."

"I'm sure he didn't really mean it."

"He meant it. I know he did. God, why'd I fall in love with him. I thought
he would be mister right. Guess I was wrong, huh? I am such a jackass."

"No, you're not. Daigo loves you, Kiyone. I don't know what prompted him to
say those things, but he loves you and you know it."

She didn't reply, but continued sobbing. Tenchi led her inside, and he and
Ryoko led her to bed. When she was asleep, Ryoko wanted to know what they
were talking about. Tenchi told her everything they talked about.

"God, that's awful," Ryoko commented.

"I know, but what I can't figure out is why."

"Maybe he met someone else?"

"It doesn't seem likely. They were in love, and it was true love. There's no
one else out there for them."

"It's just wrong."

"I know Ryoko-yoni, but there had to be a reason for it."

*****

Daigo walked through the corridor of the temple. It had been two years since
he had been there. Over that time, he had increased his fighting ability
substantially. Now, he turned the corner back into the main room where the
Great Tree was. He knelt before it and placed his right hand on the ground.

"Mother, you have sent for me," he spoke to the tree.

There was a flash of light and Tsunami appeared in front of him.

"Daigo, how are you doing?" she asked.

"I feel miserable mother."

"Why?"

"I miss my family. It's been two years since I've seen them."

"Son, you cannot think of them now, but I promise when this is over, you may
see them again. Now, the time is here. Tokimi has escaped her prison. You
must go forth and defeat her."

"Yes, mother."

Daigo stood up and pulled his sword hilt from his pocket. Tsunami walked up
to him and pulled the sword from his grip. She held it in both hands and
there was a bright burst of light. Tsunami smiled at Daigo and released the
sword. It hovered in the air where the goddess had held it.

"Take it," Tsunami instructed.

Daigo reached out and grabbed the sword. It fizzled and a red glow covered
Daigo's body. Instantly, his regular clothes were replaced with a new
fighting suit. It was tan in color and trimmed in brown. The robes ran all
over his body and a tan cape ran down his back. On his forehead were the
same two dots that were on his mother's.

"You are ready," she told him.

Chapter 5

The captain of the Shunja had not expected anything to attack his mighty
cruiser, much less, a single woman. The captain had, at first, disregarded
her as a mer annoyance. But, when she destroyed the Shunja's escort fleet,
it was too late to retaliate. The woman had a thin build, but was
overdressed in clothes. She had first appeared in the crew quarters, killing
all the cadets who were there. Then, she had systematically killed everyone
onboard but the captain. He now found himself cowering at the woman's feet.

"You, she pointed a finger at him, "Are you the commander of this vessel?"

"Yes," the captain replied nervously.

The woman snickered and clamped her hand on his head. The pain the captain
felt was indescribable. The woman laughed as she literally absorbed him
through her hand. The now empty uniform fell to the ground as the woman
snickered.

"Ah, Andora Prime," the woman smiled wickedly, "It is a perfect place to set
up my palace."

She smiled and vanished from the ship. Seconds later, it exploded.

*****

The stewardess onboard the cruiseliner to Andora Prime had noticed something
odd about one of her passengers. He was tall and fairly well built, but
seemed to have the strong and silent persona. When he had boarded the liner,
he had went straight to his quarters and had yet to emerge. She hadn't seen
hide nor hair of him once during the entire flight. The stewardess stood in
the kitchen discussing the mysterious passenger with her friend.

"He is such a hunk," she commented.

"I know, but he's got the personality of a stick."

"Maybe he's just preoccupied. I'll go talk to him."

"Just, don't do anything with him, he could be married."

The stewardess sighed and left the kitchen. She walked to the back of the
liner where the passenger's quarters were. She opened the door and found him
sitting on the floor, legs crossed, eyes closed.

"Um, excuse me," she said, smiling big and bright.

"What do you want?" he responded, not opening his eyes.

"I wanted to know if you wanted to join us on the fiesta deck, they're
playing canasta."

"No, I don't want to go. Please, I do not wish to be disturbed."

"Oh, allright."

She walked out of the man's room and shut the door behind her. Her friend
was right, he did have the personality of a stick. It was a good thing the
trip would only take two more hours.

*****

As the cruiseliner landed, Daigo opened his eyes. He could fell Tokimi
nearby. Daigo stood up and pulled the sword hilt from his luggage. When he
touched it, his clothes changed into his Jurain fighting gear. Daigo slid a
wad of Jurain money under the suitcase and disappeared.

When he reappeared, he saw a huge city. He was standing over a bustling
city. He was on a hill that overlooked the many buildings below.

Damn it. It'll take me forever to find Tokimi.

Suddenly a large explosion tore through part of the city.

Maybe not.

Daigo flew off towards the area where the black smoke was rising. When
arrived, he found a fairly attractive woman kneeling down in the center of a
crater. Daigo landed beside her and clamped a hand on her shoulder. She
jumped at first, then smiled lovingly at him.

"Are you here to save me?" the woman asked, tears coming to her eyes.

"First," Daigo raised his finger, "What happened here?"

"This awful woman appeared and destroyed everything. I was so scared."

"Don't worry, you'll be safe now."

"Oh thank you! Thank you, Mr. Kogima."

Daigo froze. He had never met this woman before, but she knew his name.
Something was suspicious. Then, he remembered what Tsunami had told him.

Don't let Tokimi deceive you. She is a master of deception and trickery.

Daigo drew his sword and plunged the blade into the woman's heart. She
choked up blood and collapsed on the ground. He stood a few steps back,
hoping he had done the right thing. Suddenly, the girl's body started
convulsing. Her limbs shook frantically as she floated up, into the air.

"Ouch, Daigo, that hurt," the woman said in a sarcastic voice, rubbing the
place where Daigo had rammed his sword, "You should know better than to
attack your aunt with a sword like that."

"So," Daigo growled, "You're Tokimi."

"The one, the only, master of disaster!" Tokimi replied, flaunting her body,
"What's wrong Daigo? You don't look happy to see me. Don't you love your
aunt anymore?"

"I could never love a monster like you."

"Well, such vulgar language. Tsunami did a horrible job raising you this
time."

"Leave my mother out of this!"

"What's wrong? Afraid I'll say something that will make you angry? Or, is it
that you're afraid of me? You know I'm stronger than you. Search your heart,
you know it to be true."

"You're not as strong as me!" Daigo yelled back, activating his sword, "And
Ill prove it!"

Daigo lunged at Tokimi and slashed hard at her throat. She smirked and
disappeared. Daigo looked around, confused at where she could have went.
Suddenly, Tokimi rammed her feet into Daigo's back. He rocketed into the
ground and crashed in a large puff of smoke. Daigo spit out the blood and
got back to his feet.

"That was a lucky shot!" he yelled.

"Oh, really?" Tokimi replied, "Care to try it again?"

Daigo unleashed a beam of Jurain energy at Tokimi. The goddess fired her own
blast at Daigo. The two impacted in a large explosion that vaped most of the
city. Tokimi laughed at the fact Daigo was nowhere to be seen.

"Ha! What a fool!" she gloated, "He thought he stood a chance!"

"Hey ugly!" Tokimi turned around just in time for Daigo's boot to slam into
her face. She crashed into one of the surviving buildings, causing it to
crumble to the ground. Daigo followed up with a rapid succession of attacks
against the rubble. It exploded into a fury of fire and smoke. When the dust
cleared, Tokimi stood breathing heavily. Her clothes were torn and her face
was covered in soot.

"You little!" she screamed, "I'll make you pay for that!"

She blasted off at Daigo and they engaged in hand to hand combat.

*****

Tenchi sat on the couch with Ryoko curled up next to him when the news
reporter came on the TV. Slowly, everyone gathered around. Kiyone was
absent, she was still sleeping off a hangover. The anchor seemed to have the
look of morbid fear on his face.

"I repeat!" the frightened reported read from his papers, "The Galaxy police
have declared a state of emergency for Andora Prime. Large, radioactive
explosions detected just a few short hours ago have resulted in a
communications blackout from the planet. Scientist are rushing to the scene
and hope to have a reason for this turn of events shortly."

"I wonder what's going on?" Tenchi asked.

Washu pulled her holo-top out of subspace and began typing furiously.

"Hmm," she announced, "I'm also detecting large radioactive reactions on
Andora Prime. Although, I haven't a clue what could be causing them."

"I do," a voice from the back of the living room said. Everyone turned to
see Kiyone bracing herself against the stairs railing.

"Mommy!" Sasami cried and ran to her.

"Kiyone," Washu stood up, "You said you know what's causing the reactions."

"Yes, we have to go to Andora Prime. He needs us."

"Who?" the group asked, collectively.

"Daigo. I saw him in my dreams. He was fighting an evil woman named Tokimi."

"Tokimi!" Ayeka jumped, "But she's just a legend."

"Apparently not," Washu added, "These readings are off the scale. If
something doesn't change soon, the entire planet's infrastructure will
crumble, causing it to explode."

"Then we must hurry," Tenchi said, "Come on!"

*****

Daigo crashed into a large pile of rocks, and they shattered into dust. He
climbed back to his feet and charge Tokimi. He slashed repeatedly at her,
but she dodged every attack. Suddenly, Tokimi grabbed the sword hilt and
flung it from Daigo's hand.

"Not so strong without your sword, are you?" she snickered.

"You just believe that!" Daigo replied, ramming his fist into her stomach..
Tokimi hunched over, and Daigo slammed her in the back with his fists.

Tokimi flew down, but caught herself. She looked up just as Daigo came down
hard with his fist. The punch landed on her jaw, and she crashed into the
ground. Daigo landed beside her.

"Had enough!?" he yelled.

"I'm just getting started!" Tokimi replied.

She attacked with a fierce volley of kicks and punches, but Daigo managed to
avoid them all. She fired a blast of energy into his stomach and sent him
skidding across the ground. He hopped onto his feet and fired an energy
beam. Surprisingly, Tokimi had disappeared.

"Daigo!"

He spun around as Tokimi fired a large blast of energy at him. He raised
arms over his face as the blast hit him.

*****

Onboard the Yagami II, Kiyone shot straight up in her bed. Sasami, who was
dozing lightly by her mother's side woke up, too.

"What is it. Mommy?" Sasami asked, noticing the cold sweat on Kiyone's brow.

"It's your father," Kiyone replied, breathing heavily, "Something's happened
to him."

Kiyone felt her body start shaking. Sasami reached out and hugged her mother
tightly around the waist.

"I love you, Mommy," Sasami whispered.

"I love you too, Sami-cha'ya."

*****

Tokimi snickered and lowered her hands. That was her most potent blast.
There was no way that Daigo could have survived the blast. She stood and
waited for the smoke to disappear before she would claim her final victory.

Suddenly, there was a bright explosion of light. Tokimi shielded her eyes
from the light. In the center of the light was a group of three separate
columns of light. The three columns met at one common point near where a
man's chest would be. Tokimi gasped as she stared deeper into the lights.
Daigo was standing behind the three columns, eyes closed, and a very
peaceful look was across his face.

"Impossible!" Tokimi screamed, "The wings of the Light-Hawk!"

When she yelled, Daigo's eyes flew open. He extended his hands towards the
wings and they flew over his body, changing his torn fighting gear into that
of the Light-Hawk wings. Tokimi screamed and fired a burst of energy at
Daigo. Daigo lowered the wings across his chest and the blast impacted
harmlessly.

"Now that you've seen my true power," Daigo called to her, "Are you scared?"

Tokimi snickered.

"Do you honestly think that Tsunami's special powers can stop me?" she
called back, "You're still doomed!"

"I think not."

Daigo reached back and grabbed one of the wings. It changed into the
Light-Hawk sword. He flew at Tokimi and rammed the sword through her
stomach. The goddess slumped over, gasping for breath.

"It seems you've overestimated yourself," Daigo said, twisting the sword
deeper into her.

Tokimi responded by grabbing the sword by its blade and pulling it out.
Daigo pulled back and prepared to slice at her neck. When he brought his
sword down, she caught it.

"What!?" Daigo cursed as she began to turn the blade in his hand. He
struggled as she pointed the tip of it at his heart. Then, with a thrust,
she rammed it at him.

Daigo barely had enough time to dodge the attack. When the sword left his
hand it returned to its wing form and disappeared. Daigo turned to Tokimi
and jabbed at her. She disappeared from his sight.

"What? Where is she?" he wondered, scanning the horizon.

Daigo felt something clamp onto his back. He screamed as Tokimi squeezed his
arms tight. She smiled and Daigo could see a pair of fangs. With a small
laughter, she clamped her fangs down on his neck. Daigo fought her, but he
could feel that she was draining the life out of him. As every second came
and went, he got weaker. Once he felt like she had taken everything she
wanted, Tokimi released him. Daigo's body fell from the sky and crashed into
the ground. With the Light-Hawk wings gone, he was powerless to defend
himself.

"I'd kill you!" she yelled, "But you're too good a playmate! If you want to
continue our little game, then go to your mother's temple. I'll wait for you
there!"

She laughed and vanished. Daigo raised his hand as high as he could, then
fell onto his back. Slowly, he slipped into unconsciousness.

*****

"Daigo, Daigo," a voice whispered. Daigo stirred a little. Every muscle in
his body ached, "Daigo?" the voice continued. He slowly opened his eyes to
find a pair of light blue eyes staring back at him. A smile crossed Kiyone's
lips as he regained consciousness.

"Uh, Kiyone?" he whispered, even his lungs hurt, "What....what are you doing
here?"

"Daigo, are you okay? When we found you, we thought you were done for."

"I'm fine, Kiyone."

"Oh Daigo," she collapsed ontop of him and cried into his shoulder. Daigo
wrapped his aching arms around her and comforted her. He knew his mother had
told him to leave Kiyone, but he couldn't do that to her. He loved her too
much.

Daigo stroked her long, teal hair and kissed her on the neck.

"Kiyone," he said, feeling a single tear run down his cheek, "God, I've
missed you."

He slowly sat up, and she released him.

"Daigo, what happened to you?" she asked, "Please, you have to tell me."

He told her. When the story ended, Kiyone stared at him with disbelief.

"I'm sorry to have put you through all that these past years," he rubbed his
hand in behind her ear, "I just wanted you to be safe."

He sw a tear run down her cheek and pulled her back into his chest. She
cried openly for about thirty minutes. Daigo sighed as her tears soaked his
already torn clothes. It had been almost three years since he had held her
in his arms.

"Daigo," she sobbed into his chest.

"What is it my love?"

"Promise me, after this is over, promise me that we'll be together."

"Of course we will, I promise."

Chapter 6

Tsunami stood by her crystalline pool and watched as Tokimi drained the life
out of her son. He collapsed to the ground and did not move as Tokimi
escaped. Tsunami waved her hand over the pool and it changed to the image of
Daigo holding his wife in his arms. She smiled with recognition. The answer
to her question had finally came to her.

That girl, she is the source of Daigo's power. I was foolish in thinking he
could fight without her.

"Yes, you were very foolish," Tsunami spun around to see a transparent
version of her evil sister.

"What do you want?" Tsunami snarled, "You know you are not able to pass into
this realm."

"Oh, I know that," Tokimi replied, "But, you are also not allowed to leave
the realm. And since your son is defeated, there is no one left to oppose
me. The universe is my plaything."

"No, there will always be those that oppose you. You may be too arrogant to
know it, but there will always be those that will fight you. They will fight
you to the last."

"Let them fight," Tokimi laughed, "They do not stand a chance against my new
abilities."

"New abilities?"

"Oh, I forgot to tell you. When I sucked the life out of your son, I
absorbed all his powers, so in essence, I have your powers now."

"Impossible!"

"Is it so? Check out the border planet on the outskirts of Jurai's
territory."

Tsunami turned to the pool and the image appeared. She was disgusted with
the sight. Every single organism on the planet had been slaughtered. Bodies
were piled up in huge mountains. Tsunami was sickened at her sister's ways.

"How could you?" she stuttered clenching her fists, "They were innocent
people."

"Innocent? How could they be innocent when they follow a worthless god like
yourself?"

Tsunami turned and fired a blast of energy at her sister. It flew harmlessly
through the image. Tokimi laughed.

"I think I'll use your entire group of followers for my playthings," she
laughed, "They will all die, just for worshipping their goddess. Then, you
won't have a sole in the universe that loves you. Your power shall diminish
until you die."

"If you do what you are threatening to do, then what? There will be no one
left for you to torment."

"There will always be chaos. It exists where order can't, and it will
triumph over order, it is the way of things!"

"Perhaps you believe so," Tsunami turned to face the pool again, "But, I
believe that your reign of chaos shall not endure. Order and peace will be
reestablished where you shall spread your misery and pain."

"We shall see," Tokimi huffed then disappeared. Tsunami knelt by the pool as
the image of a young boy appeared. She reached out and touched the image.
She smiled and traced her finger around the person's face.

Yes, peace shall prevail.

*****

Tenchi looked nervously around the cockpit. It felt as if something had
touched his face, but he and Mihoshi were the only ones on the bridge.

"What is it, Tenchi?" Mihoshi inquired, observing his odd behavior.

"It's nothing," he replied, "I'm going to go check on Daigo and Kiyone."

He turned and left the cockpit of the Yagami II. Tenchi walked down the
large corridors of the cruiser towards the medical bay. When he arrived at
the two large metal doors, they shot open. Tenchi gasped. Daigo was on the
medical bed with Kiyone in his arms, naked. Tenchi turned a crimson shade of
red and backed out of the bay. A moment later, Kiyone came out of the bay,
dressed loosely in the clothes Tenchi had just seen scattered across the
medical bay floor. She blushed and jogged down one of the corridors. Tenchi
swallowed hard and opened the doors again. Daigo was sitting on the bed,
pulling his shirt back on.

"What's wrong Tenchi?" he cocked a smile, "I'll bet you and Ryoko do the
same thing."

"Actually, we were going to wait until we got married," he replied.

"Well, we're already married, so that's not an excuse. By the way, where are
we going?"

"We were going back to Earth."

"No! Get to the bridge, change the course to Jurai. We have to hurry."

He darted past Tenchi and closed doors to the medical bay behind him.

*****

Everyone stood on the command deck and watched the horror that floated past
them. Hundreds of Jurain warships had been attacked and destroyed. No one
had seen such a massacre since the war. Sasami clenched Kiyone's hand as
they gazed at the wreckage.

"It's horrible," Ayeka muttered.

"I know," Tenchi replied.

Daigo clenched his fists. How could he have let Tokimi escape? He should
have killed her right there, right then. None of the innocent people he saw
floating dead in space would have had to give their lives if he could have
stopped her. Daigo closed his eyes. The realization was worse than the
denial. He was not worthy to defend his mother's kingdom, or his family.

He relaxed his muscles into depression and left the command deck. He walked
to the R and R room and sat on the large red couch. There, he sulked.

"I'm not good enough," he muttered, "I'm not strong enough."

"You are plenty strong," Daigo turned around to see his mother standing
before him. There was something different about her though. She seemed to
actually be standing in the room.

"Mother, what are you doing here?"

"I have come to be by you son. I have relinquished my sanctuary to help you
defeat Tokimi. You are plenty strong, you just have to find it in your heart
to continue. You have to find something so powerful to you, that it drives
you to be your best. Only then, shall you defeat the evil goddess."

"But mother, I know you saw how easily she defeated me last time. How can I
compete with her power?"

"Daigo," Tsunami sighed, "It is time that you learn of your true past."

"But you've already told me about my true past. What more is there?"

"Son, it's not as much your past, but your future. You see, you didn't die
as a result of killing Tokimi. You lived on, and ruled as the first, true
emperor of Jurai. That is how the Jurai royal family came into being. You're
the rightful heir to the throne of Jurai."

At that moment there was a large crashing sound. Tsunami and Daigo turned
towards the door to find everyone piled ontop of each other. They all
quickly scrambled to their feet and bowed in accordance. They were all
shocked, none of them had ever met a goddess before. Naturally, there were a
lot of questions.

"Are you real?" Ayeka asked, touching the goddess's arm.

"I'm as real as it gets Lady Ayeka," Tsunami replied, smiling, "And I have a
surprise for you."

She reached under Ayeka's bangs and pulled the tiara from around her head.
Tsunami smiled at the tiara and waved her hand over it. There was a slight
burst of light from the golden tiara. It glowed in a magnificent amber
color. Tsunami paced the tiara back on Ayeka's head.

"There, now no one in all of Jurai shall match you in beauty," she said.

"Hey!" Ryoko protested, "What about me?"

"You already have the greatest treasure in the universe," she waved her hand
and Tenchi and Ryoko moved into each others arms, "True love. Treasure it."

Daigo pulled himself off of the couch and walked over to Kiyone.

"Kiyone, this is my mother," he explained. She was speechless. Tsunami
walked over to where Kiyone and Daigo were standing. She clamped her hands
on Kiyone's shoulders and placed their foreheads together. They stood their,
silently for a moment, then Tsunami parted from her.

"Kiyone," she whispered, "You have a bright future ahead of you. Take it by
the reins. Use your power"

Kiyone nodded slowly. Daigo put his arm around her waist and kissed her on
the forehead.

"What do we do now?" he asked.

"We find Tokimi," Tsunami replied, dryly, "She must be defeated."

"Any idea where she went?"

"I've found her," Washu announced. Everyone turned to see the scientist
pointing out of the window. Tokimi floated less than a hundred yards away
from the Yagami II. She raised her hands over her head and unleashed an
energy blast at the ship.

"Mommy!" Sasami screamed, latching onto Kiyone's leg.

"Daigo?" Kiyone turned to him. She gasped at what she saw. He was clenching
his fists in anger and a white light was flowing over his body.

"Quickly," Tsunami ordered, "Gather round me!"

Everyone filed around Tsunami. Kiyone pushed Sasami closet to the goddess.
She turned and saw Daigo hadn't moved.

"Daigo!" Tsunami called, "Quickly!"

"No!" he retorted, "Leave without me!"

"It's suicide!" Kiyone protested.

"No, I'm gong to transport myself to a deserted planet. She'll follow me, I
know it!"

Kiyone made sure Sasami was latched onto Tsunami. she looked out the window
as Tokimi unleashed her energy blast. She took a deep breath and dived at
Daigo. The blast slammed into the ship and destroyed it just as everyone
transported off.

*****

Daigo rematerialized in a barren desert. Several mountain ranges dotted the
landscape. He was a about to power up when he felt a tug on his right leg.
He looked down and saw Kiyone holding him tight, her eyes closed.

"Kiyone!" he yelled at her, "What the hell are you doing here!?"

"I had to come," she replied, standing up, "I want to be by your side."

"You stupid bitch! Do you have any idea what Tokimi will do to you if she
finds you!?"

"Daigo," a tear formed in her eye, "Don't drive me away again. I need to be
with you."

Daigo turned around and fired a blast of energy at the nearby pile of rocks.
They exploded into dirt and pebbles.

"God, I swear I don't know why you act the way you do."

"I do it because I love you," she pressed up close to him and wrapped her
arms around his neck, "Don't you love me?"

"Of course," they embraced each other with a patient kiss. Suddenly, there
was a crackling of thunder overhead. Daigo pulled away from Kiyone and stood
protectively in front of her. There was a crackling of lightning and Tokimi
appeared.

"Miss me," she snickered.

Daigo gritted his teeth and clenched a fist.

Damn it. This was going to be tough enough, but now I have to worry about
Kiyone's safety.

"Kiyone," Daigo whispered.

"What is it?"

"I'm going to rush her. When I attack, run."

"Okay."

Daigo turned his attention back to the goddess. She smirked and crossed her
arms. Daigo yelled and unleashed his energy into a blast of white energy. He
ran forward at Tokimi and reared his fist back. He unleashed a furry of
punches at Tokimi, but she avoided them all.

"Damn you!" he yelled, firing a blast of Jurain energy at her.

Tokimi avoided the blast, "Is that it? I must have taken more energy than I
thought," she floated up into the air and noticed the woman running for
cover across the dunes, "Hello there."

"Don't you dare!" Daigo yelled, powering up, "If you harm a hair on her
head, I'll..."

"You'll what?" Tokimi snapped, "Now kiss your girlfriend goodbye!"

Tokimi pointed a hand at Kiyone and a small amber sphere formed in her hand.
It grew to the size of a baseball and gleamed of fire. Tokimi launched the
blast at Kiyone. Daigo instantly was after it. He flew as fast as he could,
but he knew he wouldn't make it. As a last ditch effort, he stopped.

"Kiyone!" he yelled, "Duck!"

She turned around just as the amber ball impacted into her chest. The
mushroom cloud reached towards the sky. Daigo slowly drifted to the ground
and collapsed to his knees.

"No," he whispered, denying the reality of it all, "No."

*****

On Jurai, Tsunami jerked upright.

"What is it?" Tenchi asked.

"It's tremendous power," Tsunami replied, "I've never felt one like it."

"Is it Daigo?"

"No," Tsunami rested her chin on her hand. It was Kiyone.

*****

Daigo staggered back to his feet. The smoke from the explosion was still
thick and black. There was no way she could have survived the blast.
Suddenly, Daigo saw a bright light at the center of the smoke. It's white
glow radiated outward from the smoke, clearing it away as it went. The smoke
finally subsided to reveal Kiyone standing behind a trio of Light-Hawk
wings. Her eyes were closed and she looked very relaxed. Daigo smiled as the
tears of joy ran down his face.

Kiyone's eyes opened and the wings flowed over her body, replacing her
casual clothes with that of the Light-Hawk wings. She opened her eyes and
Daigo could see the determination in them. He turned to Tokimi. The goddess
stared in disbelief.

"What do you think now?" Daigo yelled at her, "Not so cocky anymore!"

"A minor problem!" Tokimi replied, "I am still strong enough to kill the
both of you!"

She unleashed her power in a terrific splendor of amber energy. The light
covered the vast plains of the planet. Daigo shielded his eyes and Kiyone
brought the wings over her chest to avoid the debris. The light faded to
reveal Tokimi. She had donned her own Light-Hawk wings. The difference
between hers and Kiyone's were their color. While Kiyone's were white,
Tokimi's were amber. Also, Tokimi had five, while Kiyone had only three.

"Impressive, aren't they?" Tokimi asked.

"Not very," Daigo replied. He concentrated his energy and donned his wings.
He was about to attack Tokimi when Kiyone's hand landed on his shoulder.

"Let me handle this," she said in a very serious tone, "I owe her one."

"Fine," Daigo crossed his arms, "She's all yours."

Kiyone kissed him on the cheek. Seconds later, she was gone. Daigo looked up
to see her come down hard on Tokimi's back with her feet. The goddess flew
past Daigo into a pile of rocks.

That's my girl.

*****

Tsunami clenched her fists and gritted her teeth. Tenchi walked up to her a
and placed a hand on her shoulder.

"Tsunami, what's wrong?" he asked.

"It's Kiyone and Daigo," Tsunami replied, "They both donned the Light-Hawk
wings, but I'm afraid that neither of them are strong enough to beat Tokimi.
She's still too strong."

"How can we help?" Ayeka asked.

"None of you can," Tsunami turned to face the group, "Only you can, Tenchi."

"What? Me?"

"Yes, you see, Daigo's my son, and, in his last life, was the first emperor
of Jurai. You are descended from Daigo and, therefore, have his special
powers tucked away inside," Suddenly, Tsunami grabbed Tenchi by the
shoulders and kissed him deeply. Ryoko tried to protest, but Washu grabbed
her shoulder. A quick shake of the head, and Ryoko understood. Tsunami
parted with a now dazed Tenchi, "I have showed you the path, now you must
take a hold of your destiny. Are you ready to do this?"

Tenchi nodded.

"Then take my hand," Tenchi did. Tsunami smiled at him.

"Wait!" Washu yelled. She typed furiously on her holo-top for a few seconds,
before forming a dimensional pocket. The scientist reached into the pocket
and produced a small metallic case, "Take these. They're pills I made that
can restore your strength. You might need them."

"Thank you Washu," Tenchi took the pills from her.

"Tenchi?"

"Yes, little Washu?"

"Come back alive."

"Alright."

He took Tsunami's hand again and they disappeared. Washu felt a ingle tear
run down her cheek. Ryoko noticed the scientist's tears and knelt beside
her.

"Washu?"

"Ryoko," Washu sobbed, "I have to tell you something. You see,
Tenchi...I...Nobuyuki, oh hell. Ryoko, I've married Nobuyuki."

"Huh!?" the group collectively swooned.

"When did this happen?" Mihoshi asked.

"It was while you all were away, gone to see Daigo's foster mother. I, we
wanted to tell you when we got home. I just hope Tenchi will understand."

"Hey," Ryoko placed her hand on Washu's shoulder, "What are you worried
about? We're talking about Tenchi here. He'll be fine, trust me."

*****

Kiyone ducked under one of Tokimi's roundhouse's and socked her in the
stomach. Tokimi crumpled over and Kiyone slammed her fists into her back.
Tokimi shot towards the ground. Daigo appeared in Tokimi's way and jammed
his knee into her face. Tokimi froze in mid-air.

"Had enough?" Daigo asked.

"I'm just getting warmed up!" Tokimi landed a series of blows on Daigo's
face that sent him into a defensive position.

Kiyone drew one of the wings and it turned into the Light-Hawk sword. She
flew up behind Tokimi and rammed the sword into the goddess's back. Tokimi
laughed.

"Puny mortal," she backhanded Kiyone across the face. The detective crashed
into the ground with the force of a meteor. She crawled to her feet and
wiped the blood from her lip.

"I'll get you for that!" she yelled at Tokimi.

"Bring it on," Tokimi replied.

Kiyone launched herself at Tokimi and sliced at her with the Light-Hawk
sword. Tokimi grabbed one of her wings and transformed into a sword similar
to Kiyone's. She blocked the blow from the detective and added one of her
own. Tokimi's blade barely missed Kiyone's neck. Kiyone looked down long
enough for Tokimi to see an opening. She grabbed Kiyone's face and hurled
her into a mountain. While Kiyone rocketed away, Daigo fired a blast of
energy into Tokimi's back. The goddess laughed and fired her own into
Daigo's stomach. He fell from the sky and landed beside Kiyone's prone body.

"Are you okay?" she asked, not able to move her body.

"I'm fine," he replied, afflicted with the same problem.

"I can't move."

"Neither can I. She's holding us down with some sort of energy."

"Very observant," Tokimi snickered, landing beside them. She walked over to
Kiyone and grabbed her by the head, "Very beautiful. She reminds me of your
mother, Daigo."

"Keep away from her, you wretch!"

"That hurt my feelings, Daigo, "she smiled sadistically at Kiyone, "Hmm, I
wonder what your mind holds. You must have some juicy secrets," Tokimi put
her hand over Kiyone's forehead and clenched down tight. After a second, she
withdrew her hold, "Oh, now that's a juicy secret."

Tokimi stood up and backed a little ways away from them. A whirlwind of dirt
and dust flew around her body. It went so fast that Daigo couldn't see her
anymore. Slowly, the wind began to die down. Daigo gasped at the new person
standing in the center of the whirlwind.

Chapter 7

"Like my new form?" Tokimi asked. Kiyone began screaming while Daigo tried
to move. Tokimi smiled, "I never knew that the woman my nephew loved was
beaten and raped. It's so interesting to know."

She knelt down beside Kiyone and snapped her fingers. Kiyone's wings
disappeared and were replaced by her normal clothes. Tokimi smiled, eviller.

"NO!" Kiyone yelled, "No! Krysler! Go away!"

"I can't go away," Tokimi replied in Krysler's voice, "Not until we've done
one for old time's sakes."

"No!" Kiyone screamed as Tokimi/Krysler unbuttoned her shirt. She/he ripped
off her bra to reveal the long scar.

"Now that's a scar," she/he began to massage the breast, "Do you like it?"

"No!"

Tokimi/Krysler slapped her across the face and pinched her nipple. She/he
began to kiss her naval and work her way down.

"Damn you!" Daigo screamed as he watched helplessly as his wife was being
molested, "I'll kill you!"

Tokimi/Krysler snickered and pulled Kiyone's shorts off. She/he smiled
wickedly at the raving detective. Suddenly, there was a large explosion,
followed by Tokimi/Krysler being blasted off Kiyone. The hold on Daigo and
Kiyone was released. Daigo crawled to Kiyone's side and pulled her close to
him. She was still raving and trying to cover herself.

"It's alright," he whispered, "I'm here."

Daigo looked up to see Tsunami standing, her hand extended. Tenchi stood by
her side. Daigo looked the other way to see Tokimi/Krysler lying on her/his
stomach. She/he slowly returned to her original form and stood up.

"Tsunami," she growled, spitting the blood from her mouth.

"I will not allow you to disrespect that woman's body," Tsunami replied,
keeping her hand trained on Tokimi.

"So, you've decided to reject your goddess status and come here. Very
foolish sister."

"If it results in your death, I will be happy with my choice."

"I hate to disillusion you, but you aren't going to win."

"We shall see."

Tsunami unleashed a blast of blue energy that flew at Tokimi. Daigo pulled
Kiyone under him as the blast hit Tokimi. Daigo sheltered her under his arms
as the explosions roared above him. After what seemed to be an eternity, the
blasting stopped. Slowly, Daigo rolled over. Tokimi stood over Tsunami,
Light-Hawk wing in hand. Tsunami was at her feet, bloody and battered.

"I told you sister!" Tokimi clenched her fist, "You don't stand a damn
chance against me! I am the strongest fighter in the universe."

Daigo stood up to his feet. He could not see his mother clearly, and
therefore, didn't know if she was alive or dead. All he knew was that Tokimi
had to be stopped, before she hurt anymore people.

"Yahh!" Tenchi yelled, lunging at her.

"Tenchi! Don't!" Daigo yelled back. It was too late. Tokimi grabbed Tenchi
by the neck and slammed him into the ground beside Tsunami, "You monster!"

"I know," Tokimi replied, "Isn't it cool?"

"Arrgh!" Daigo felt the rage inside of him growing. It wasn't right. How
could such good people fall dead to such a hideous monster? He had to defeat
her, or the universe was doomed. Daigo unleashed his energy in a white glow
of light. It flowed over every inch of his body, replacing the Light-Hawk
wings with a solid silver robe that wore much like that of the Jurain
knights. Daigo extended his hand.

"Come to me, Reiko-ken!" he yelled.

Back on Andora Prime, the long discarded Jurain sword hilt came to life. It
flew up into the air at an incredible rate. Within the span of a few
seconds, the sword hilt was in Daigo's hand.

"Now! Come to me, Tenchi-ken!" Tenchi blade left his hand and came to
Daigo's other hand. He clapped the two swords together. The melded in a
bright white light. The two hilt formed together as one and grew in size.
Daigo clenched his sword in his hand and smirked at Tokimi, "It's all too
clear now."

"What? What's all too clear?"

"I remember how I defeated you. Kami-ken."

"The Kami-Ken!? Impossible!"

"Is it?"

Daigo held the new sword up and it hissed to life in a bright white energy
blade. Tokimi drew her Light-Hawk sword over her head for protection. Daigo
lunged at Tokimi and sliced downwards. He cursed to himself as the goddess
disappeared.

"Damn it, where'd she go?" he hissed.

"Up here!" Daigo turned just as Tokimi unleashed a blast of energy at him.
He smiled and pointed to Kami-ken at the blast.

*****

When the smoke cleared, Daigo was no longer standing there. Tokimi laughed.

"It seems you've underestimated me!" she yelled, declaring her victory, "I
have won! And as my prize, I'll take your family's lives!"

"Tokimi!"

Daigo came from above, the Kami-ken raised above his head. He brought it
down hard through Tokimi's mid-section. As she felt her torso leave her
lower body, Tokimi smiled.

"Impressive," she smiled, "You've won."

Daigo extended his hand out and blasted Tokimi's pieces into whatever
afterlife she would go to. He sighed and floated to the ground. Tenchi was
helping Tsunami to her feet while Kiyone stood, staring at Daigo.

"Relax, honey," she said, his powers disappearing and the swords separating,
"We've won."

"Oh, Daigo!" she leaped into his arms and they kissed each other deeply.

Tenchi watched the couple and smiled.

"Way to go Daigo," he said.

"I'm proud of you," Tsunami added.

*****

A year passed, and life had changed greatly on Earth. Several delegates from
Jurai had come to request Tenchi to take the throne. Apparently, the Supreme
council had come under fire from several branches of the Royal Family for
not choosing a successor for Azusa. There were constantly people from Jurai
trying to persuade Tenchi to take the throne. Finally, after three moths of
negotiations, he accepted.

The coronation was the most extravagant ceremony in the entire universe. Not
only did it include Tenchi's coronation, but his wedding to Ryoko, and a
formal wedding for Washu and Nobuyuki. The first act of the new emperor was
appointing Daigo head of the Supreme Council. Kiyone took a job as the head
of the defense force. Washu was reappointed to the Science Academy and
finally kept her promise not to develop weapons that could destroy the
universe. Ayeka was appointed by Tenchi to serve on the Supreme Council, to
serve as vice-president. Mihoshi returned to the Galaxy Police where she
retired and moved to Jurai. Sasami returned to school at the Science Academy
with Washu as her personal teacher. Nobuyuki went with Washu to the Science
Academy and became their head architect coordinator. Katsuhito remained on
Earth. When he left, he claimed they would all be back.

*****

Two more years passed. Tenchi sat in his throne room bouncing his first
child on his knee. His son, Kyoto, was looking more and more like his mother
everyday. He had long, cyan hair that rolled down to his neck. It was tied
in a style similar to the way Tenchi had worn his, back on Earth. The door
to the room opened and a teenage Sasami entered the room. She looked to be
out of breath.

"Sasami, what is it?" Tenchi asked.

"It's mom," Sasami huffed, "She's gone into labor."

"Already? We'll we better go."

He called the nurse to look after Kyoto and followed Sasami to the Royal
Palace's infirmary. They descended three levels to the maternity ward.

"Well Sasami," Tenchi asked, "Ready to become a big sister?"

"You bet."

The transport they were in stopped and Tenchi stepped out. Tsunami, Ayeka,
and Ryoko were waiting for them.

"How long has she been in there?" Tenchi asked.

"About an hour, your highness," Ayeka responded.

"Ayeka," Tenchi glared at her, "I told you to just call me 'Tenchi', okay?"

Ayeka nodded. The doors to the delivery room opened and Daigo came out. He
was clutching his left hand in pain.

"Oh, my baby," Tsunami said, taking his hand and looking it over, "What
happened?"

"Kiyone, um, broke my hand, "He explained, "She's got a hell of a grip."

Ryoko busted out laughing, "Now that's funny!"

"Ryoko," Tenchi sighed. Empress or not, she was still Ryoko. Although, it
was Ryoko he loved.

An hour passed and Daigo returned to the delivery room. Fifty minutes passed
and he came back out again.

"Cigars! All around!" he said, passing out two cigars to each person in the
room.

"Daigo? Two?" Tenchi asked.

"Well, you have to have one for each baby."

"Yay!" Sasami cheered," now I have two younger siblings!"

"That's right Sami-cha'ya," Daigo hugged her, "Do you want to see your mom?"

"Okay."

He led her into the room. Kiyone was propped up on the bed in an "exposed"
position. Sasami ran up to her and smiled at the two babies in her mother's
arms.

"They're so pretty," Sasami said, "They look like you and Dad."

Kiyone smiled at her oldest daughter, "Say hi to your new brother and
sister, Sasami," she moved the two children to where they could see Sasami,
"Sagumi, Mayumi, say hi to your older sister."

Sagumi smiled and started making baby noises, while Mayumi just made noises.

"They're beautiful," Daigo said, kissing Kiyone on the forehead, "Just like
their mother."

He took his entire family in his arms and held them tight. For the first
time in a long time, everything was right in the universe.



THE END

Tenchi Muyo! Eternal Flame was made without permission from Pioneer/AIC.
Tenchi Muyo! and all related paraphernalia is property of Pioneer/AIC. The
author does not own any of the characters and acknowledges their copyrights.

Soundtrack for Eternal Flame includes:

Bon Jovi: It's My Life

Bruce Springstein: Born in the USA

Meatloaf: For Crying Out Loud

Meatloaf: Out of the Frying Pan, and Into the Fire

Aerosmith: I Don't Want to Miss a Thing

Guns and Roses: Cold November Rain

Guns and Roses: Sweet Child of Mine

Survivor: Eye of the Tiger

Sting: Desert Rose

Eternal Flame was created for the amusement of Tenchi Muyo! fans and foes
alike. The author acknowledges al those who helped in it's creation. (You
know who you are) Free copies can be obtained from willrick@triad.quik.com.

Daigo Kogima will Return

in

Tenchi Muyo!

Endgame
