Disclaimer and Foreword: Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are copyrights 
and
trademarks of AIC, Pioneer, and whoever else may own the rights to it, 
so
please don't sue me (it's not like I have any money anyway :P).  
However, this
story is my original creation and is copyrighted by me. Please don't 
copy it and
claim it as your own. This story will have elements of Tenchi Muyo, 
Tenchi Universe,
and another series later on!


Family & Friends!

Chapter 1: A Beginning

There is Nothing!!
Nothing at all. Then, small dots start appearing far away, and as we 
travel
towards them the dots turn out to be galaxies, billions of them. Then 
we go
to an out of the way corner and pick one of these billions of galaxies 
and go
to an out of the way area on one of the far arms of this spiral galaxy.
Here we then traverse toward some small cluster of stars, veer again 
towards a
small solar system with 9 planets, and an average star.

we pick the inhabited 3rd planet and locate a small chain of islands on 
the
largest ocean. We then see large metropolitan settlements through the 
center
of the biggest island, We descend to a remote Village on that island,
toward a quiet lake with a splendidly designed house where we then 
observe
the daily happenings of a unique family, who's combined strength and 
power
could conceivably blow up all that I have explained to you thus far! 
How can
this Be?!?! Well, I am the Great Washu, the Greatest Scientist in the
universe and this little story is about my family and friends!
Next chapter, Nagi makes her way to a new quarry, while the girls have 
a ...discussion in the Onsen.  
Read it on  Chapter 2. Of Hunters, And Peace Makers.  
  



Well I hope I got your Attention, this is the Revision of my 1st ever 
Fan-Fic so
give me a chance to get it right. Hope you can give me some 
constructive
criticism! Please e-mail me at <dennis_d@popmail.firn.edu>
