
                                                             FATE
                                                                        
So,Tenchi you have saved her,to bad it dosent really matter,you are the one i 
want,you have changed her destiny,but it dosent matter,change destiny all you 
want,but you can never fate,soon boy you will fell the wrath of Tokimi,savor 
this pecious moment that you have now,because it wont last,you will die 
tenchi masaki mark my word's,very soon boy very soon we shall me and i will 
decide you fate.whisper Tokimi in the place only known to the three goddess.


back at the house everything has changed considerably,so many encounter's had 
happened,it has been one year since that dreadfull day,in one year so many 
people had been face,Nagi the bounty hunter tried to get ryoko but failed,she 
swore she would be back but,she hasent come back yet,Mihoshi's was really 
happy when she heard her best friend and partner Kiyone was comeing to patrol 
the sol system,Kiyone has been liveing with tenchi and company for sometime 
now,ayeka has now become the complete ruler of all jurai,while princess 
sasami has now merged with Tsunami competely,this was a huge shock to see 
sasami completely merge,everyone thought when sasami would be a little older 
this would happen,but no,it happened five weeks after the incedent on 
jurai,wahsu the most brilliant scientist was still the same,the loveable 
genuis wanted to know what and how the Super Light Hawk Wings work,ryoko 
didnt really change since the incident though now with the power of the three 
gem's she could now also summon th epowers of the light hawk wings,honerable 
yosho had  passed away,the gems that kepted alive which were ryoko's had 
sustained the tree,his space tree funaho had died because of no energy to 
live of off,tenchi felt so reponsible for this but he had a dream saying it 
wasnt his fault,yosho had been buried next to his wife,ryoko was now the 
person that tenchi had to practice with everyday,mihoshi had changed a 
little,she was still a little off,but no as much as before,you could actually 
hold a real conversationt with her and not get aggrovated with her,the house 
it self had changed,since ryoko and tenchi now slept together,washu had did 
the honer and buile and enormous room for the two,that one room had to as big 
as washu lab,but washu just laughed at that when tenchi said that,indeed in 
one year so much has changed,but will there fate be changed,sasami or rather 
Tsunami,had had these vision of the future but not like tenchi though,washu 
for a weird reason which she wont tell anyone had become a goddess,what made 
things wierd that ryoko still had her gems and washu was still a goddess,now 
in one house lived two of the creators of the universe,washu had now always 
was in her adult form ever since she and ryoko started to have a mother 
daughter relationship,it was progressing well.

Tenchi and Ryoko were haveing a sitting next to a tree to see the lake,it was 
beautiful,a site that the both enjoyed alot .

say tenchi do you velieve in Fate.asked Ryoko

hmmm ryoko thats an intreastin question,its a question that well never 
know.lets go inside ok.said tenchi getting up and wlking with ryoko to the 
house

Lady Tokimi had finally decided go go forth with her plan, a plan which would 
destroy the make the universe fear her,it was all to obvious,with a smil Lady 
Tokimi had came into this demention,her plan might work,there right before 
her was the planet jurai,where empress ayeka is ruleing,this was going to be 
a very delight full show tokimi thought,lady tokimi had summoned an energry 
ball in her left hand,the energy ball was a golden yellow that of ryoko's 
eyes,tokimi had released the energy and it was sent striaght toward the 
capitol of jurai,a great explosion had happened,ayeka saw the huge explosion 
and was getting angry wondering who would dare attack the jurai empire,just 
then another explosion accured that stronger of the very first,the planet was 
a mere shotting gallery for Tokimi,ayeka had sent a transmission to the 
reasidence of the masaki household,since washu had bulit a transmitter for 
call and stuff like that for ayeka to call for anything,they had got the 
call,ayeka was distrut,her empire was falling to a unknown warrior for who no 
reason,ayeka had changed the moniter to show the villanous person,no one knew 
except for two people,Tsunami and Washu had looked at each other and realized 
who it was,it was Tokimi,the third goddess,once again Tokimi had shot 
numerous explosion to jurai,jurai was so weakened that they couldnt counter 
attack,the planet was being punished severly,and nobody still didnt know 
why,ayeka had got on an escape vessel,and left for earth,Tokimi had saw the 
vessel leave but smiled and payed no mind to it,fo rshe knew who it was who 
was on board,tokimi hd stoped fireing,she then summoned another energry 
ball,this one kept expanding,she had finally released it,it went staright 
towards jurai with a speed beyond anything ever seen,it struck jurai with a 
force that was imeasurable,while on the vessel ayeka had saw lady tokimi 
contiue had melee of attacks,her her whole empire was being destroyed and 
they couldnt do anything about it,Tokimi was a god,finally Jurai was 
destroyed,tokimi had smiled,ayeka had already escaped the galaxy and was in 
the sol system,her vessel could go from to jurai to earth in a range of only 
one hour,that is the fastes ship in the universe,it woul;d be washu built it 
for ayeka,tokimi had teleported out side of the jurai galaxy to see it,she 
saw a whole galaxy that was nothing but jurai empire,she smiled again,once 
again she summoned and energy the size of a super nova and sent it staight 
towards the galaxy of jurai,she waited then smiled when she saw the galaxy 
blow up before her very eyes,trillions of live had just been silenced,but 
why,the galaxy was destroyed,tokimi had looked at the vessele's vapor 
trails,and decided now it was time for her to go to earth,ayeka had made it 
to earth,she was terrified tenchi and everyone had calmed her down,now it was 
time to know who this person is,Washu and Sasami explained it to them,they 
told them who Tokimi was,this just wasnet going to be easy to be stopped 
,tenchi looked at the tenchi-ken and hoped that they could now stand up to 
Tokimi,but a god?,she was a goddess and may be the strongest of them 
all,whats does she want they all asked,they knew that soon that they would 
have to battle a god,ayeka contiued to cry,not for herself or the empire fort 
hat matter,it was that countless Trillions of people had died and no one knew 
why,of course the galaxy police would try and stop her but they would die as 
well.the explosion was beautiful to tokimi's eyes,after th emarvelous light 
show tokimi had decided to go to earth,when on her way,she saw a ship,the 
ship was white and made a chow like a sound,it was sleek and pointy,it was 
ken-ohki,the owner being nagi of course,thi swas a perfect chance for 
tokimi,he rplan was going to work,the ship went past tokimi and just kept on 
going,tokimi saw the ship and teleported on landed inside the ship,ken-ohki 
had stoped,nagi had realized that someone was behind her,nagi turned around 
and was about to attack but didnt,she couldnt she was being suspeneded in 
mid-air traped,tokimi had teleported rigt infront of nagi,and out her hand on 
nagi's forehead,nagi was now being controlled by tokimi and she couldnt do 
anything about it,tokimi had smiled now she had  ken-ohki as well since ken-
ohki only listen to nagi and nagi is under tokimi's control,tokimi smiled her 
plan was coming into effect,now she had nagi,the ablsolute best bounty hunter 
in the universe at her own disposal,tokimi had laughed and was now on her way 
to earth with a card up her sleeve,soon very soon tenchi would meet the 
goddess know as tokimi,meanwhile back at the masaki residenc tenchi and his 
friend s are decideing on what to do before tokimi come to desrtoy earth.

what should we do to stop Tokimi.asked tenchi walking back and forth 
pondering

thats is a very good question tenchi,i havent decided what to do,Tokimi has 
allways been stronger than me,but with Tsunami's help we are stronger than 
her but Tokimi seems to be stronger than both of us now.replied washu 

i say we stand up to her and fight,fight for all the people that have died 
for a useless cause.anwsered ryoko who didnt like the type of stitituion at 
all

well brute force wont help,we need a plan to stop her and send her back to 
her prison demention.said sasami

thats true sasami but what can we do,she is a goddess for crying out loud,i 
know you and washu are both goddess to,dont get me wrong but i never knew she 
had such power like that,you said it you self she probanlt stronger than you 
and washu combined.said tenchi

yes tenchi tokimi could probably destroy the univere if she truely felt like 
it,that why when me and tsunami found out that she had a hidden agenda to 
take over the universe or she would destroy it,if we banished her so that 
would not happen.replied washu

ok,but what does that have to do with tokimi destroying all of jurai 
territory!yelled tenchi

listen tenchi the jurains have the a power that is the strongest in the 
universe,except for the goddess that is,tokimi fears that a jurain might be 
able to stand up to her and stop her,but that might not happen,Tokimi is so 
strong that it seems useless to fight her,we need to figure how to stop 
her.replied washu

but what about the space tree's of jurai and everything else.said tenchi

well as for the space tree's all of them are copletely destroyed and as for 
Tsunami,it has merged with sasami completely or did you forget!yelled washu

well we have to do something to some how stop her.said kiyone

yes we do but what could we do.asked tenchi

well tenchi i have told the galaxy police and they are prepared to for 
tokimi.replied kiyone

i dont think that i such a good idea kiyone,tokimi just destroyed the whole 
jurai galaxy like if it was nothing,i mean i tis good that we have back up an 
dall but what can th egalaxy police do that the jurains did not do,they are 
probably going to die just like everyone else.sdaid tenchi lowering his head 
not knowing what to do.

everyone had gotten silent by that remark,tenchi knew that the jurai empire 
was the strongest empire in the univer and in a few minutes it was takent out 
like if it was not even there,it was a good idea that kiyone told th egalaxy 
police about tokimi bu twhat could they do,the were just ordinary people who 
have weapons,tokimi i sa goddess and everyone knew it,Washu and Sasami or 
rather Tsunami both new that tokimi was now stronger than both of them 
combined,they need another person with an eminse power like that a power that 
was just like a god,tenchi was the first pick then was dicided not to,it 
would be to hard fo task even for him,then they looked and found Ryoko,with 
her gems she has the power of a god if not a little weaker,now the question 
was to tell Tecnhi,ryoko would go in a slpit second to end Tokimi but what 
would Tenchi think about this,he finally told ryoko that he loved her,it was 
one good year and now this had to happen,meanwhile tenchi was also in thought 
of what to do,he was mad at the thought of countless trillions of lives have 
been taken out in so little time,washu and tsunami decided to tell tenchi 
about what they thought

Tenchi,me and washu think there is a way to beat tokimi.said sasami waiting 
patiently for tenchi to anwser

huh,you do tell me,i need to know,demanded tenchi

well your not going to like it but,we think with the power of Ryoko we can 
stop Tokimi.replied sasami

no i dont want ryoko to fight or have anything to do with  tokimi,i dont want 
to lose her again.yelled tenchi

just then ryoko appeared right infront of him and started to calm him down,it 
was hard but ryoko had succeded in calming him,down,since they were now 
mentally linked she knew what to say  to calm him down,tenchi didnt want her 
to go but she had a point,so tenchi just decided to hear of what ryoko had to 
say.

(tenchi listen to me,i must go with them to stop tokimi,i  wont die i promise 
i will come back,just relax ok i will allways be here for you and this is 
what i am doing,i am being there for you,i will not let her harm you or 
anyone else again,she has killed trillons of people for  no reason that we 
know of yet,but i dont really care,all i  know is this you are not going to 
die i will make sure of that,so just calm down my love)

tenchi just looked and smiled at ryoko,so beautiful yet so determind,tenchi 
just sighed and just finally decided that two godess were right an dhe 
wasnt,so now that ryoko is going with them now what?

meanwhile in space right next to the sol system(our solar system) a ceartain 
space ship was battleing the whole galaxy police,it was the ken-ohki and he 
was fighting like never before,the galaxy police were loseing there forces 
quick,tokimi had not even joined in the fight yet,she just let the cabbit 
have a little fun,it was very bad for the galaxy police there whole army was 
there,every galaxy police officer expept kiyone and mihoshi were there,they 
were already at 43%,they were loseing oonce again,they galaxy police had 
decided to bring out there top weapon out,it not only was it a weapon it was 
there head queters,all the ships still tried to fire at ken-ohki bu the was 
so fast that they were some times hitting them selves,then ken-ohki spoted 
the head quaters,the head quaters started to charge up the ultimate beam,the 
beam was said to be so stronge that it could tear a whole in the 
universe,thats why it was never at full power,bu tthis was different,the 
decided to use full power to anilate tokimi,ken-ohki stoped,the other galaxy 
plice officers ship stoped fireing and left so that they wouldnt get hit by 
the ultimat beam,ken-ohki was right infront of the beam,Tokimi appearded in 
front of the ken-ohki,she smiled and put her hand to he rchin and looked at 
how hard they were trying to stop her,sh eknew that there fate was 
sealed,they beame had charged up at full power and was now ready to attack at 
full power,they looked at tokimi once more then fired the horific beam at 
her,the beam was was around size that of the planet mars,even thought the 
head quaters were smaller than pluto,tokimi closed he reyes and waited for 
the beam,she looked at it and it was dead on target to hit,tokimi had raised 
her right hand and puy it foward to intercapt the beam,the beam hit tokimi's 
hand,tokimi smile evily and smacked the beam away into a star,the star was 
completely destroyed,all the galaxy police officer were shocked and contiued 
to fight back once again,tokimi grew board of this nonsense and put her index 
and middle finger to her fohead and closed her eyes,for a minute the she was 
like this,the galaxy police didnt know what to do,they just waited in 
fear,tokimi opened her eyes then a slighthight pitched noise was heard and 
all the galaxy police were compeletely destroyed,so much debree was 
left,tokimi smiled and went back to the ken-ohki and went in the sol system 
to go to earth,now there we only to galaxy police officers left in the entire 
universe,tokimi had left the a completely destroyed gaaxy army,but to her 
unaided eye there was one galaxy ploice officer still alive but barely,th 
comander had sent a message to kiyone's space ship,hopeing that she would get 
the message soon,after the message had been sent the lonely galaxy police 
officer died,tokimi was still on the verge to go to earth,she had already 
passed saturn and was makeing good progress even thought since she was a 
goddess she could just  teleport to earth if she truely wanted to but decided 
not to,meanwhile back at the masaki residence the gang was still wondering on 
what to do to stop tokimi

tenchi started to think(so with the power of,washu,tsunami,and ryoko,tokimi 
can be stoped,ok fine thats a good thing,but what about all those innocent 
people that died,how could she kill so many people like that,it is so cruel,i 
swear tokimi you will pay mark my words i dont care if your a goddess or no 
you will be punished)

ryoko,washu,and sasami finally decided to go and fight tokimi befor she made 
it to earth,tenchi decided to join them,as well as mihoshi and kiyone who 
were anxious to help there friends bye any means nessacarry,all six went out 
side,ryoko grabed ryo-ohki and threw her into the air and tranformed into the 
the space ship,kiyones ship was by its side,ryoko,washu,sasami and tenchi 
went to the ryo-ohki while kiyone,ayeka,and mihoshi went to her ship,but 
before they left they talked about what they were going to try to do,for this 
may be there last conversation

ok is everyone ready to go.said tenchi not likeing ths predicament

the all nodded there heads in agreement and was ready

Ayeka,you dont have to go if you dont want to.asked tenchi

no tenchi,i must go,i must not run away,so many of my people have died i cant 
let them die in vein,i will do anything to stop tokimi.replied ayeka

verywell then,the same goes for everyone else,you dont have to go.said tenchi

no tenchi,we must go,if we die then tokimi will just destroy everything 
else,ayeka is right all those people would have die in vein if we dont do 
anything.replied mihoshi

tenchi was suprised that mihoshi of all people would say something like 
that,but he didnt care,she was right,they all made a circle and put there 
hand all foward and they touched each other,they all nodded,and went to there 
space ships,they ships started to take off,they ships started to accalerate 
and headed out to space,all six of these braves souls didnt know what they 
were really doing or what they were truely up against,they to ships made it 
to space,they started to go past the moon when kiyone sent them a message to 
the ryo-ohki

tenchi,listen to this,commander reese who was a the a leader of the galaxy 
police said that the goddess known as tokimi had destroyed all of the galaxy 
police,but the thing he said was that the ship she was in was white with a 
gold orb bearing in the middle of it,this caught ryoko's attention the 
most,the ship sounded oddily familer,a ship that looked the way kiyone 
described it was th ken-ohki owned by nagi,the two ships stoped and now had 
reaced mars,now all the did was now wait.meanwhile tokimi has made it to the 
astroid belt already.

so there they are,so do hey really think a galaxy police ship and the ryo-
ohki can stop me,well very well then i will have to show them,heh this is 
going to be immuseing,ideed.said tokimi

the ken-ohki had passed threw the astroid belt and was now on its way to 
mars,soon they would meet and some type of conclit would happen,who would 
win,two goddess,a demi-goddess,and a jurain empress,two galaxy police 
officer's,and a jurian warrior,against one goddess,ken-ohki chowed when the 
ryo-ohki was spotted,the two ship's were very close,both ship's were in plain 
sight,so now was the time,a battle was about to commense

well well well,i see you six have come prepared to fight me,why you know you 
cant beat me,it is useless,just give up,oh let me guess what your going 
say,no right?said tokimi

of course were going to say know,what do yo uthink this is a game or 
something tokimi.yeleld tenchi

well i see i see the jurain warior has quiet a tongue,dont test me boy i will 
kill you right were you stand so,dont test me.sneered tokimi

Tokimi my sister why are you doing this,why are did you kill the jurain 
race?,why sister what is you have plan?asked washu

plan,what ever thought i had a plan,i have come to destroy the most powerful 
empire to show my power,i want absolute domination of the universe since, the 
jurains didnt want to surrender i decided to kill them,and now i am going to 
kill you,i want to end all jurains includeing those three,ayeka,sasami, and 
tenchi,you will be next to die.laughed tokimi

wrong tokimi,you pay for what you have done to all those innocent people,we 
will not allow it.yelled washu

the two space ships were just waitin until tokimi sent all of them to the 
place of which is only known to the three goddess,tokimi also went as 
well.tokimi smiled when she saw tenchi stern look,he knew where he was and so 
did ryoko.ken-ohki and ryo-ohki were in there cabbit form and nagi was still 
under tokimi's control,ryoko,washu,and sasami all walked fowrd to tokimi but 
was stoped by the bounty hunter,all three kbew that nagi was under control 
bye the was she was acting,ryoko walked towards nagi to try to do something 
but was stoped when nagi attacked her,ryoko doged every attack that nagi 
tried to do,ryoko could easily destroy nagi now,her skill were so good as a 
bounty hunter that tokimi's control me her worse,ryoko had to much pride to 
kill nagi,not like this at least,but what could ryoko do,she couldent just 
keep running away,so ryoko decided to balst her with one shot,ryoko charged 
up an energy ball with a good amount of power but not to kill th warrior but 
to knock her out,there was a slight problem though,nagi was so fast,ryoko 
jumped in the air and threw the energy all not at nagi but at tokimi,tokimi 
saw this and summoned nagi to take the hit,nagi saw the energy and ran 
infront of it and hit nagi,nagi was on the ground in pain,ryoko landed and 
waited to see what her opponent would do,to ryoko suprise was that nagi had 
gotten up and stood there looking at her,ryoko was about to charge another 
energy beam but nagi fell on the floor once again,tokimi had smiled and 
looked at the six of them,tenchi had a stern look on his face but tokimi just 
sighed happily like if nothing was wrong.

well ryoko that was impressive,but no matter she was of no real importance to 
me,well who shall be first to die.said tokimi 

tenchi was about to say something when ryoko,mentally stoped him and tenchi 
listened,kiyone and mihoshi decided it was best not to fight but instead to 
watch nagi and make sure she dosent try to do anything that would hurt 
them,ayeka,tenchi,washu,ryoko,and sasami all walked to tokimi,tokimi smiled 
once again and put her index and middle finger to her forhead,washu blinked 
and realized what tokimi was doing,a slight high pitched noise was 
heard,washu raised her hand and formed a sheild around the her friend's and a 
huge explosion was seen,luckily that the sheild was up or else everyone would 
have died,tokimi looked and saw them all still there,washu,sasami,and ryoko 
all put there hand foward to meet each others,and a energy beam was forming 
slowly,tokimi saw this and laughed to herself

do you really think you can make a beam powerfull enought to stop me?,very 
funny,i am not even going to stop you go ahead take all the time you 
need.said tokimi just laughing

washu,sasami,and ryoko all looked at each other and contiued to make there 
energy beam,a beam which was meant for all the people who died for no reason 
what so ever,this was there chance for them to rest in peace,the beam grew 
and grew,it was a light blue color,the beam had an immense power,they all 
raised there hand and directed it towards tokimi,tokimi her held just waited 
for it,the beam got closer and closer,tokimi just put her hand foward and the 
beam made contact with her hand,the beam connected with her hand and was 
destroyed,a huge explosion accured,but everyone was starteing to worry when 
they saw tokimi hand still out foward and she stay in the same spot not even 
hurt,tokimi just laughed

well is that all you got,thought two goddess and a demi-goddess could have 
enough power to stop me but after i just witiness that pathetic little show i 
realize that you three are not worthy of liveing.said tokimi 

tenchi and ayeka had enough of this,all their friends failed to stop 
tokimi,tenhci was growing tired of this,tenchi and ayeka decided to go and 
fight with his friends,tokimi against tenchi and his friends,tenchi and ayeka 
slowly walked to washu,sasami,and ryoko,they all new what tenchi was going to 
do,a five on one,tokimi just stood their stil waiting to see what they were 
going to do,sasami did not want to fight,but decided that it was neccary to 
do so,for the universe was at steak,the five walked in a line and stoped,they 
all looked at each other one last time and prepard for what they were going 
to do,thenchi summoned his light hawks wings,and formed the light hawk sword 
and sheild,ryoko as well formed the light wings and summoned her energy 
sword,washu had formed a energy sword as well,sasami had decided to 
fight,thought she was an ameatuer she didnt care,she form a green energy 
sword,ayeka didnt summon and energy beam in stead of that ayeka was going to 
use he rjurai abitys as use them as a sheild,they were all ready to do 
battel,tokimi just looked at the five,they were vastly serious,so tokimi had 
smiled and made her golden energy sword,not only that tokimi summoned a new 
type of wings,wings of which that not even washu knew about,tokimi formed 
another energy sword in her other hand,and was now ready for this so called 
challenge

                                                                          The 
Battle Against Tokimi

the five were ready to fight,tokimi just waited to see what they would 
possibly do to her,tenchi,washu,sasami,and ryoko all started to advance 
tokimi with there energy swords,while ayeka came a swell but to use her jurai 
power tp use as a sheild,tokimi just looked to see the five dareing warriors 
dare to try and stop her,tokimi knew that she would win,they were to weak to 
beat her,they advanced on tokimi,tenchi was first and attacked with a 
overhead strike,tokimi just doged easily and woould of killed tenchi easily 
but ryoko and washu advenced at the same time to stop tokimi from killing 
tenchi,the mother and daughter duo were stil advanceing on the goddess,sasami  
dispearsed her energy sword and summoned a energy ball,they all grew larger 
as ryoko and washu were still anvanceing on tokimi,ryoko tried to use her 
sword to take tokimi's legs out while washu tried to take tokimi's head 
off,tokimi just teleported behind both of them and was getting ready to 
strike ryoko but ayeka ran to where ryoko and summoned an energy sheild 
around the both of them,tokimi was caught by suprise,washu then lunged at 
tokimi,it was a desperation move and it did not work,tokimi just put her knee 
right into washu,tokimi walked to washu and looked at her,tenchi and ryoko 
both tried to strike tokimi on different sides,tokimi just blocked both of 
thos shots easily,sasami was still gathering enough energy to stop tokimi,but 
time was not on her side,sasami saw ryoko an dtenchi now on the onslaught of 
attacks,ryoko tepeported around and tried to stap tokimi but she teleported 
out of the way wand ryoko allmost struck tenchi,ryoko was getting 
furious,washu and tenchi went to ryoko and all looked in diferent dirction to 
find tokimi,they spotted tokimi who held ayeka buy the throat,ayeka was being 
choked to death,rokimi levitated several inches off the floor and had her 
energy sword getting ready to kill ayeka,tokimi's neared ayekas's neck when 
tokimi was hit with a massive energy beam that sent tokimi across the 
floor,ayeka had caught her breath and saw it was sasami who saved 
her,tenchi,washu,ryoko and sasami ran to ayeka,they waited for tokimi to do 
something,they all heard a devious laugh that worried them all.tokimi was 
spotted again,tokimi looked at them all,she laugh silently and looked at her 
right hand,she summoned a energy beam,the beam frew a few inches  but nothing 
big or ridislous,tokimi starte dto walk to the gang,they all waited to see 
what tokimi would do with that beam,just then with out warning the beam head 
straight towards one of the gang,it hit right on target,th evictim was the 
one who struck tokimi with a energy beam,that person was dear sasami,tokimi 
started to laugh as sasami was severly hurt and might dye from that 
attack,ayeka screamed in utter anger and looked at tokimi,ayeka started to 
releash her jurai power,tokimi just telepoted in back of ayeka and punched 
her right in the back of her head,ayeka fell to the ground completely knocked 
out cold,tenchi,ryoko,and washu started to get aggrivated at tokimi,tokimi 
just laughed,wahsu didnt like this,tokimi was just to strong for them,ryoko 
couldent take it anymore,tenchi started to massively attack tokimi,tokimi 
just easily blocked his massive amounts of attacks,ryoko and washu didnt have 
enough ttime to even react to help tenchi,tenchi kept fighting,not ever 
wanting to give up but he was starteing to have doubt to beat tokimi,tokimi 
teleported in back of tenchi but tokimi was struck by ryoko energy 
sword,tenchi turned around and quickly attacked tokimi,his lighthawk cleanly 
sliced threw tokimi's stomach,ryoko and tenchi jumped back,tokimi fell to the 
ground,washu ran to ryoko and tenchi,they all looked at tokimi,just then she 
teleported and was in back of them several feet away,they all turned around 
and saw tokimi,sh estarted to laugh,tenchi took a good look at tokimis mid-
section which he cleanly struck,his eyes buldged out when he saw not one mark 
at all,as if he never hit her,ayeka had come around and ran to her friends 
aid,tokimi just laughed at them,they were to weak and not worthy of even 
fighting her,tenchi was getting desperate,ryoko didnt like this at all,even 
the lighthawk wings didnt even affect tokimi,tokimis wings were so 
strong,they werent blueish color color,they were a golden color that of 
ryoko's eyes,washu didnt know what to do to stop her sister,sasami had gotten 
up though seriously inmjured,she walked staedily towards her friends,tenchi 
went to sasami to hold her from falling,sasami raised her head and looked at 
tokimi,she squinted her eyes and a green energy wave struck tokimi with such 
a force that allmost kiled her,tokimi had fell to the floor,tenchi put sasami 
on the florr to rest,tenchi then decided then to go to see if tokimi was 
dead,he walked to he rbody,it was just laying there,tenchi released his light 
hawk wings,he put his hand on tokimis shoulder,but tokimi was very much 
alive,tokimi just smile and turned around and stabed tenchi in the 
chest,ryoko screamed and ran to a bleeding tenchi,ryoko just looked at tokimi 
crying and tried to kill tokimi with one fatal attack,tokimi didnt have time 
to get away from the attack,tokimi just laughed and sent the gang right back 
to earth,they were teleported next to the masaki house,they all wondered 
where they were,but where was tokimi,they all ran into the house,tenchi was 
rushed to washu's lab for treatment,they had lost a battle with a goddess and 
yet she set them free or so it,but why if she had beaten them,they didnt 
understsnd that,nagi and ken-ohki was also teleported to the masaki house as 
well.three hours later,tenchi had recovered and his wounds were healed,sasami 
was ok,and nagi of all people was reluctant to believe that she was being 
controlled by a goddsess,the gang all  went to the liveing room to decide on 
what to do.

washu,sasami what do we do,we lost to tokimi yet she set us free?asked tenchi 
lowering his head in shame

i i ....i honestly dont know tenchi,i thought with the power of 
me,sasami.,and ryoko we could stop tokimi but we still failed.replied washu 

i am going to kill tokimi thats what i know!yelled ryoko

everyone looked at ryoko,they all thought ryoko wasnt think straight,even 
nagi herself knew that ryoko was no match for a goddess,so what in the hell 
was ryoko thinking about

ryoko what are thinking,we ALL faught tokimi and we lost,so how could you 
possibly say that.asked washu

thats true mother,but i was so fast enough,that she accidently teleported us 
back to earth.replied ryoko smileing

whats are you talking about ryoko.asked tenchi

tenchi when you got stabbed i thought you died,i ran to you and unleash 
several attacks of tokimi my last attack would of killed or hit her,she knew 
there was nothing she could do to escape it,so she teleported us back to 
earth,thats what truely happened.said ryoko

oh so what why we are her now,well it looks like we owe you our lives ryoko 
but dont you really think we can take on tokimi asked washu

yes ryoko we owe you alot thank you.said ayeka

bah you dont owe me anything i just wnt my shot with tokimi thats all.replied 
ryoko

ryoko after this battle with tokimi we will seattle thsi once and for all,but 
only after the battle with tokimi.sneered nagi

nagi why dont you help us,we need all the power we can get you know.said 
ryoko

well i guess since she has skill so many innocent people and so of my next 
hunts i guess i will help you ryoko but only this once.said nagi

very well we leave for tommorow then.said ryoko

they all nodded in agreement,tommorow would be the day that they go back,they 
lost once,they refused to lose again,but what could they do,indeed they got a 
very powerful ally in nagi but she was controlled by tokimi easily,this will 
be the battle that tokimi will be defeated.

meanwhile in the place only known to the three goddess,tokimi just sits there 
thinking there to her self.

(thats girl ryoko all most got me,but why did i even run,that boy tenchi 
sliced my clean with his sword but i didnt run,so why her?, what kind of 
power ryoko has to make me send them away in fear,it cant believe that i was 
scare dan di am a godess,that was a desperation move,well no matter because 
of them,i have plenty enough time to do what i feel,since they came to my 
world i have cloned all of them including nagi and those two cabbits,so when 
they come back to face me they will be in the suprise of there lives)thought 
tokimi

the rest of the day at the masaki house was uneasy,once again they would try 
to stop tokimi even though that they had failed,determination was in all of 
there eyes,but would they even truely stand a chance to tokimi?,it had aready 
turned into night,everyone was alseep and except tenchi,he couldent fatham 
how strong tokimi really was,he had cleanly sliced tokimi and it didnt even 
phase her,she just faked like she died and then to tenchi suprise he was the 
one who allmost died,tenchi was outside on his pourch thinking,not knowing 
what to do anymore,he should be sleeping resting for tokimi,but instead he 
just looked at the starts knowing that a certain goddess was waiting for 
him,but tenchi didnt know what he himself could do,tokimi already destroyed 
all of the jurai and its territory,and she already destroyed the galaxy 
police like if they were mere insects,tenchi started to think

(tokimi....why are you doig this to us,how could you kill somany people for 
what reason,huh tokimi what reason could you possibly have to kill all those 
people!)

(thats a good question tenchi,but we arent sure of what tokimi's true plans 
are,just calm down,well get tokimi,trust me she will pay,but first just go to 
sleep ok)replied ryoko threw her mind link with tenchi

tenchi turned aroud to see his love ryoko,tenchi knew that ryoko was 
right,tenchi decided to go to bed,the couple had fallen asleep in a few 
minutes,they both had a dream or should i say nightmare,it was another 
dream..no vison of what might to come,it wouldent be such a good sleep for 
the two that's for sure.

                                                                               
Tenchi&Ryoko's Dream

Tecnhi and Ryoko were walking down a strange path,they had stoped when they 
saw a woman with a golden energy sword,they both knew who it was but didn 
tknow what to do,tenchi and ryoko knew they were dreaming,they looked at 
tokimi to see what she would do,tokimi just looked at the two,once again she 
smiled then started to laugh,tenchi grew annoyed by tokimi's annoying 
smile,sh estarted to walk to the two,they were now only a few feet away from 
each other,to tenchi suprised tokimi started to speak,and what she said 
caught his attaention really quick.

listen boy this not a dream,hehe you know you two cant kill me why do you 
even try you know that you will fail.said tokimi

tokimi why are you doing this,for the love of god tell us why you are doing 
this,you have killed someany people and we dont know what you a trying to 
do,tell us and well settle this once and for all!said tenchi

well tenchi you really want to know what i have planed,hmm well since you 
dont stand a chance i guess i might as well tell you,tenchi you have a power 
that i want,i saw you when you egnighted the super light hawk wings,i want to 
know how you were able to do that,but that is only one of the things i have 
planned.replied tokimi

tokimi stop playing with or minds,i an tired of it,i dont believe that you 
really care about the super light hawk wings.said tenchi

well boy,your right i dont really care about that power,my power is already 
stronger that,dont you understand it is nothing but fate.said tokimi

tenchi and ryoko looked at each and just looked back at tokimi,once again she 
was playing with ther minds even in ther sleep,she was just laughing

well boy i will wait for you,dont be scared you are gonna die thats all,it 
will be quick and easy.replied tokimi

tokimi just started to float backwards and threw her energy sword,tenchi and 
ryoko were stuned by that move,the energy sword headed staright towards 
ryoko,ryoko didnt have enough time to to jump away or teleport from the 
blast,not even tenhci had enough time to jump infront the blast,ryoko looked 
in horror as she was struck by the energy sword,ryoko lay down on the 
floor,tenchi had ran toward's ryoko not realizing that this was some sort of 
dream,ryoko started to spit up blood,tenchi carresed ryoko's face,her eyes 
were tearing as with her last bit of energy she kissed,the kiss was the last 
thing wrong had power to do,she sighed and died in tenchi's arms,tenchi 
looked at ryoko and started to scream,ryoko lay dead in his arms,tenchi 
couldent take it anymore and let out one final scream,a scream that also woke 
him up,tenchi had woken up in a deep sweat,to his suprise ryoko was also up 
as well sweating from the dream that they just had,it was still night 
time,they looked at each other and kissed,then decided to go back to sleep 
and keep that dream to themselves,tokimi was really haveing her way,it was 
now morning,tenchi and ryoko had getten up and went down stairs,the whole 
gang was already up and seemed to be waiting for the two.

hello tenchi and ryoko breakfest is already made,come have some ok.smiled 
sasami

why thank you sasami,it will be nice have soom food especially some one who 
is as sweet as you.said tenchi

sasami started to blush just a little from that remark,the gang started to 
eat there food,tenchi had saw ayeka's saddening face,it was very displeaseing 
but tenchi decided not to talk to ayeka in front of everybody else,tenchi 
thought it would be to difficult for ayeka speak what was worng in front of 
everyone,breakfest went rather quick,sasami,washu,kiyone,and mihoshi went to 
go clean up,while ryoko and nagi were haveing a little talk,tenchi decided it 
was now best for tenchi to talk to ayeka,ayeka was near the lake,tenchi had 
spotted ayeka,it was now time to see how his friend,no ayeka was more than a 
friend,she was family,just like everyone else,tenchi walked casually slow 
towards ayeka,tenchi sat next to ayeka and talked to her.

ayeka are you ok.stated tenchi who didnt know really what to say

hello lord tenchi,no i am not ok really.replied ayeka who was looking across 
the lake with tears in her eyes

ayeka please tell me whats wrong ok,you are surrounded by people who love 
you.said tenchi

very well,it about tokimi,i....i really dont think we can beat her lord 
tenchi,i fear for the worst,and if we EVEN do win then what,all of jurai and 
the galaxy ploice are completely destroyed.replied ayeka no louder than a 
whisper

i agree with you ayeka,i dont think we can beat tokimi,but that dosent mean 
we have to just up and give up,i will fight until tokimi pay's for what she 
has done,it seems right to fight,we are fighting for a cause that is worht 
fighting for and i will figh tto the very end.said tenchi

ayeka turned her face to tenchi's,she just rested her head on his 
shoulder,tenchi didnt know what words to say or sooth ayeka feelings,ever 
since a year ago everything has changed,though tenchi didnt fall in love with 
ayeka,he still did love her though just not in the way ayeka wished it to 
be,ayeka had become slightly distant,but everyonce in a while she would come 
to visit earth,it was really hard for ayeka to visit for several reasons,one 
was the fact that she was now the empress of all of jurai,second she didnt 
want to go to earth to know that she didnt win tenchi's heart,third was all 
the good time that they had when tenchi never had chossen,and ayeka didnt 
want to rememebr those memoris to much for they would only bring back all the 
pain,but they would also bring back a wonderful carnival that finally ended 
for ayeka.tenchi and ayeka had gotten up and walked back to the house.

                                        Meanwhile Ryoko and Nagi are haveing 
a little conversation

ryoko,when this is over well settle this once and for all,you are still my 
bounty and dont you forget that.replied nagi in a friendly type of tone

ryoko just looked at nagi an sighed to herself,she knew that nagi would say 
something like this,ever since nagi came to earth to kill ryoko,things seemed 
to change,ryoko remembered the day perfectly,it was a day that ryoko would 
not forget,it was two months since tenchi and ryoko were together and then 
they were disturbed by nagi.

                                                                                
The encounter of Nagi 

It was two months after the experience they had on jurai,today was a most 
very special day for ryoko,today was august 23rd,this was ryoko's 
birthday,ryoko for some reason thought that nobodyu knew about it,it was 
early in the morning,ryoko was in her bed,she turned around to see tenchi,but 
he wasnt there,ryoko wondered where he was,ryoko turned around to see the 
time,it read 1:21pm,ryoko got up as soon as sh esaw the time,she kneww why 
she woke up so late,she got so drunk yesterday,ryoko got out the bed and 
yawned,she teleported out the room and reappeared in the liveing room,ryoko 
was a little curious,where could they possibly,ryoko sat down on the 
couch,she was going to get the romote control to turn on the tv when she saw 
a note that was addressed to her,the letter read, dear Ryoko we went to the 
mall in tyoko,well be back in three hours,love you,ps washu asked me to toled 
you me to tell you to go to washu's lab,ryoko shuddered at the thought to go 
to washu's lab,ryoko go tup and walked to he rmother's lab,ryoko cracked her 
neck and prepared to see what might possibly happen,ryoko opened the door,th 
elab was sompletely dark,even with ryoko superior ey sight she still couldent 
see a thing,ryoko just stoped walking.to he rsuprise the lights in washu lab 
were turned back on,this caught ryoko off guard and what more caught he rof 
guard was who was ther.

HAPPY BIRTHDAY RYOKO!said washu,sasami,ayeka,mihoshi,kiyone,and tenchi

what the?said ryoko

happy birthday ryoko,said tenchi walkeing to ryoko and then hugging her

happy birthday ryoko.said ayeka 

ryoko was suprised to see everyone hear,especially that ayeka was heard,for 
sure ryoko never would have thought that ayeka would be here,three hours had 
passed since ryoko's suprise party,ayeka and ryoko were reaquainted and 
bacame friends in some sort,sasami had baked a huge cake,it was enough for 
everyone to have seconds and thirds,ryoko sat down by a near by table and 
recieved some presents,kiyone and mihoshi gave a present but a different type 
of present,ryoko opened up the box which was the size of a letter,ryoko 
opened it and found it to be a record of ryoko,her crimanal record was now 
completely clean,sasami came to ryoko and gived he ra presen tthe size of a 
video tape,ryoko opened it and found it to be a bracelet with royal 
dimonds,which are only on jurai,ayeka was next to give ryoko a present,her 
present was big,ryoko looked at ayeka and smile then began to open the 
present and found it to be a dress,this was no ordinary dress,this was a 
jurai queens dress,it was very beautiful,ryoko got up and hugged ayeka then 
sat back down,next was tenchi, he walked to ryoko very slowly and gave her a 
present the size oe of a a 12 inch ruler,ryoko looked at tenchi and wondered 
what it was,she opened it and foun dit to be a necklace,it was achicka's 
necklace,it ha da heart on it,inside there was a picture of ryoko and tenchi 
there,ryoko was so happy,she hugged tenchi and kissed him on his cheek,ryoko 
waited for her mother,ryoko was a little worried because washu didnt come to 
ryoko,instead washu just stood there with her head down looking at the 
floor,ryoko looked at everyone and got up and went to washu

mother is somethig wrong.said ryoko trying to be a sincere as possibly

well uh i dont know what to give you,all i want is for you and me to have a 
mother and daughter relationship but.....said washu starting to tear

litsen mother,i love you but i cant just up and have a relationship,it takes 
time,but if you have the time like i do than we can work things out replied 
ryoko

washu eyes teared with joy as she then hugged her daughter,everyone was quiet 
happy,they all left the lab and went out sid enear the lake,everyone was 
relaxed,it was indeed a beautiful day today,nothing seemed like anything 
could go wrong,for awhile the were just looking at each other with tears in 
each other's eyes,they hugged each other,ryoko got up and walkd out side the 
lab and went in the liveing room,the whole gang as well also left and stayed 
in the living room,ayeka and sasami went in the kitchen to dicuss things on 
jurai,and kiyone,mihoshi and washu went to onsen,tenchi and ryoko were 
alone,ryoko was m=next to the window whan tenchi came next to her and put his 
arms around her waist,ryoko sighed happily.

tenchi would you like to go with me for a walk?asked ryoko

yes sure,anything for the birthday girl.said tenchi smileing as ryoko was 
wering that necklace that tenchi gave her

ryoko smiled and tenchi took ryoko,s hand and walked outside,for ten minutes 
the two were walking around until they stoped by a grassy spot  and sat down 
next to the cave,ryoko looked at th ecave with dreaded eyes as she remember 
all those years in that cave,700 years in that cave all alone with no one to 
talk to or make contact except for tenchi but somany years had pass the time 
still took there toll on her,ryoko look at tenhci and put he rhead on his 
shoulder,tenchi understood what ryoko had gone threw,ever since they had that 
metal link together things about ryoko were becomeing more clear,even though 
some things ryokoi still didnt tell him,tenchi put his arm around ryoko's 
back,ryoko sighed happily as tenchi's other kept strkeing her beauitful cyan 
hair,ryoko felt so...so loved,and she knew she truely was loved,for about 
half an hour they just sat there until the say a space ship land,they both 
got up and saw the space ship,ryoko and tenchi knew who it was,it was ken-
ohki and the only person who has ken-ohki was Nagi the very best bounty 
hunter in the universe,sasami,ayeka,mihoshi,kiyone and washu all came out to 
see nagi jut standing there.

Nagi!,what do you want?asked a startled ryoko

well ryoko must you ask tht question when you already know the anwser,i have 
come to kill you,this time i am not going to let you escape demon.replied 
nagi 

tenchi looked at nagi and started ot get mad,for since he had the mental link 
with ryoko he didnt need to know any question about nagi,he already knew and 
he wasnt happy about it,tenchi was about to say something to nagi but he was 
caught off by ryoko mentally.

(ryoko,what are we going to do)asked tenchi mentally

(I am goin to face nagi,and your NOT going to infere,dont worry tenchi i knew 
that one day she would find me but after 700 years it seems she hasent 
changed a bit)thought ryoko

(very well ryoko,i know i cant change your decision but please be 
careful)replied tenchi

ryoko just looked at him and smiled,ryoko walked towards nagi then 
stoped,they just looked at each other,the hunter against the hunted,but the 
hunted had the advantage her frinds were there,ryoko formed her energy sword 
and looked at nagi for ryoko knew that nagi was VERY SKILLED and she wasnt to 
be reckoned with,nagi just kept look at ryoko with the most fiercest looking 
eyes imaginable,they both were prepared for there batte.

                                                                              
Ryoko VS Nagi

the two daring women dashed at each other with a speed that made time seem 
slow,they both moved like the wind each one dogeing the others attack,for it 
seemed like an eternity that they kept sparing like this,eventually they both 
stoped and looke at each other,neither one had an advantage over the 
other,nagu breathed heavily as there relentless sparing with ryoko tired her 
out some,ryoko on the othe rhand was just waiting for nai to attack,if ryoko 
truely wanted to she could kill nagi,with the power of the three gems her 
power was equalled to thats of the gods,but ryoko didnt want to kill nagi,not 
bacause that she truely cared for nagu,it was that ryoko couldent bare to see 
tenchi in the eyes if she had killed nagi righ tinfront of him,they started 
to spare once again,each attack still blocking or missing th eother 
opponent,nagi was tireing out it was plain to see,yet ryoko was still there 
as if nothing were happeing,nagi caugh ther breath and then lunged at 
ryoko,nagi had gotten alot slower,nagi kept asserting her self an dit was 
costing her the battle,ryoko was now floating a few inches above the 
ground,nagi looked at her opponent who was just waiting,nagi ran to ryoko and 
ryoko teleport behind nagi,but nagi was prepared and broaught her energy 
blade right to ryoko's neck,nagi smiled to see thats see she had finally 
caught ryoko,it was over nagi won,or so it seemed,ryoko didnt like this she 
had this battle in thebag and now sh ewas in a predicament which was not in 
her favor.ryoko looked at tenchi,tenchi's face was extremely white,he just 
wanted to just go and stop nagi,but even if he tried nagi would slice ryoko's 
neck ,but then something caught tenchi eye,what he saw made his mouth fall 
two the ground,it wasnt nagi who was in favor but it was ryoko who was in 
favor,ryoko with out nagi even knowing made a clone her,and to tenchi's 
suprise nagi didn teven realize it,nagi broaugh the blade closer to ryoko's 
throat,ryoko started to laugh,nagi looked at ryoko not understanding what she 
was laughing at,until she felt a burning singe on the very back of her 
neck,nagi didnt move instaed she just closed he reys fo rsh eknew that ryoko 
had made a clone of herself,just then the ryoko who had nagi's balde at her 
throat formed her energy balde again an dout in to nagis front part of her 
throat,nagi started growl in anguish,very slowly the clone ryoko(the one 
behind nagi)starte dto move backwards so that nagi could move away from the 
real ryoko.

alright ryoko,you one do what you will,end my life.said nagi

no nagi i have no need to kill you,i dont want to kill you.replied ryoko

are you saying your not going to kill me an dlet me go?nagi spat back

well yes,you may go.said ryoko

 deactivateing her energy sword,and her clone went back to ryoko,nagi just 
looked at ryoko,indeed now was her chance kill her but nagi had to much pride 
in her to defeat her only true rival,nagi summoned ken-ohki,sh elooked at 
ryoko and laughed and was teleported to the ken-ohki,and nagi left.

                                                                            
Back to the present time

Hey ryoko were you listening me!demanded nagi who seemed made at her rival

huh yeah what ever,come on lets go inside and get ready.said ryoko 

magi sighed to herself knowing that ryoko wasnt even litsenting to her,the 
two walked back inside the house where they saw ayeka and tenchi sitting on 
the couch,mihoshi,kiyone,washu,and sasami were still cleaning up,ryoko sat in 
a near by chair next to the counch and nagi just sat down by the steps,things 
were getting tense everyone was truely upset that tokimi had defeated 
them,but what could they honestly do,they were going up against a god,and not 
just any god,no they were going against the strongest of them all,the one 
they called Tokimi. sasami ,kiyone , mihoshi ,and washu came in and decided 
to make a plan to save the universe and live threw it.

hey everyone,lets get down to buisness,we know that tokim is strong but she 
CAN be beaten, i know thsi for a fact!stated washu

what do you mean washu?asked tenchi who was intrigued on why washu was so 
determined

rememebr tenchi,when you got stabbed buy tokimi,you were helpless but ryoko 
turned around to face tokimi,the suprising thing is that tokimi was scared of 
ryoko's power,with the power me,Tsunami,ryoko and you tenchi with the help of 
the light hawk wings or super light hawk wings we can beta her,there is no 
possible way that the power of tokimi could be that strong,if she is then i 
dont know on what else to possibly do replied washu

it sounds likw a sucide mission,but we can do it i am positive,we wont fail 
again!said tenchi now standing up

yes we beat tokimi and well save the universe from her,this time i will kill 
her!said ryoko cracking her knuckles

nagi will you help us.asked sasami

nagi just looked at the young princess who ha dth epower of a god,if she 
could could do it then nagi could do it.

yes kiddo i will figh ,but only this once dont think this going to be like 
this forever.said nagi 

everyone was getting ready to prepare for battle,they were going to use ken-
ohki and ryo-ohki to get there,they all sighed and prayed for each other for 
they knew this may be the last time that they ever see each other again,they 
all wen toutside and ken-ohki and ryo-ohki tranformed into there space ship 
form.

well guys this is it,we can do this.said tenchi

yes we can and we will.said nagi

they all looked at each other and hugged each other and were now going to the 
ships,nagi,mihoshi,kiyone,and washu went on the ken-ohki,while 
ryoko,ayeka,sasami,and tenchi went on the ryo-ohki,they were all teleported 
on there ships,and they started to take off,they ships now took off and were 
in outer space,bpth ships headed for mars,even though they werent going to 
mars they were going behind it were the dimension to the place only know to 
the three godess,two hours gone by as the space ships, didn tgo full speed 
but instead went at a steady pace,they were now at mars,circleing around the 
red planet,the dimensional tunnel was still there,both space ships 
stoped,they knew from this point on there was no turning back,the once again 
gained speed and went into the dimsional where the godess was ther just 
waiting for them.

                                                                                 
The Battle Begins

they had entered and were on a direct course to where tokimi was when the 
last faught,but they were stoped by two space ships,these ships looked very 
familar,they were ryo-ohki and ken-ohki,the four ships just stoped and didnt 
move for awhile,ryoko and nagi noth didnt like this,all four ships slowly 
decended to the ground,each ship was locked on to another,ready to attack the 
minute the other one did,but it was to there suprise that they didnt at 
all,they ships all landed,tenchi,ryoko,ayeka and sasami came off the reall 
ryo-ohki,while,washu,kiyone,mihoshi and nagi came from the reall ken-ohki,the 
group came together.

say tenchi,isnt that the ken-ohki and the ryo-ohki.asked sasami

yes it looks like it bu thow is that possible when ken-ohki and ryo-ohki are 
right over there.said tenchi pointing to the cabbits now in there cabbit 
form.

because i made a clone of them,thats is how.said tokimi just laughing

huh tokimi,you,your going pay this time mark my words.screamed tenchi

hahahaha you must be kidding me wright,it seems you are serious,but i am not 
amused,very well then if you so bold then take a look and face your worse 
fears,and thats fear is your self.said tokimi

just then, fake tenchi,ryoko,ayeka,and sasmai came the out the clone ryo-
ohki,while fake washi,kiyone,mihoshi,and nagi came out from the fake ken-
ohki,this suprised all of them,they were all a little worried and didnt know 
how to react.

so tenchi if you and your friends face your fears which is them standing 
right over there then you can figh tme all you want,said tokimi smileing

with a wave of her hand,tokimi teleported each person with there clone to a 
seperate dimension,and th eonly way to come back is to face there fears and 
become the victory,this was going to be one very changelling battle that was 
for sure,in the first dimansion we see a woman with green hair,this woman is 
kiyone

                                                                             
Kiyone's Fear  

it was dark an dgloomy and kiyone was standing in the middle of know where,so 
sh estarte dto walk but stop as she realized she wasnt going anywhere,she 
sighed ot herself feeling helpless but then some one came out of know where 
that person being the clone of kiyone.

you,what do you want,and who are you!demanded kiyone pointing her gun at the 
clone

well what i want to show you who you truely are,and second of all put that 
gun away i know everything about you kiyone.said the fake kiyone

kiyone looked at the fake kiyone and her face started to turn pale,fo rsh 
eknew what was her worst fear,or should we say nightmare more or less.

yes kiyone,i know what happend that day,did you think i wouldent know,i AM 
you,ya know.said kiyone soft yet uneasy voice

kiyone was still in shock,this wa sher worse fear,whe didn want to be apart 
of if again,it was so painful that day,yet it seemed like it mught just 
happen again

here kiyone let me show you,let me show you what you did to your partner!,yes 
let us see why she acts like this hmm.said th efake kiyone now smileing

kiyone started to shake her head didnt want to see this,it was her fault and 
know she had to see it,and be apart of it again.

just then the whole area where kiyone and the fake kiyone changed,kiyone knew 
where she was,it was sevenr years ago when it happened,kyione and mihoshi 
were at the ayudan9 system,there were searching for a rare stone that was 
recantly missing from jurai,it was there biggest assigment,if hey sucedden 
they would be premoted,they landed sario16 a backwater type planet that of 
earth,they found where the stone may be hidden,it was a very old and 
dangerous building,mihoshi wasnet afraid and went foward in the 
building,kiyone then followed to bac her partner up,parts of th ebuilding 
starte dto fall,they narrowly escaped getting killed by a falling beam the 
hit the floor,they kept on walking till they saw a light,the two officer's 
looked at each other and smiled for they found the stone they had been 
looking for,kiyone went a head and grabed it,while kiyone was seeing if there 
were any traps,suddenly with out warning a bbeam that was holding the roof 
suddenly fell,falling towards kiyone,mishoshi had not time to call eh 
rpartner,mihoshi ran with all he rmight and oushed kiyoen out of the way,the 
beam had hit the beautiful mihoshi righ tin the back of the head,leaveing her 
unconcious,kiyone started to panic,she immideatly lifted the beam and saw 
mihoshi,she was sevarly hurt,kiyone thne picked up mihoshi an dcarried her on 
her shoulder's and carried he rto her space ship,kiyone then rushed back to 
galaxy police medical center,it was thirteen hours an d kiyone didnt get a 
word from the docters,finally afte rthe fourteenth hours the docter came and 
spoke.

are you dective kiyone?asked the docter

yes i am,how is she.siad kiyone crying

well,she is alive an dwell,but she has had a seaver concussion and has lost 
all memory o fwhat happened,to make thing worse the detective is oh who shall 
we say it go tth ebrain of a six year old.said the docter.

kiyone started and them she was back with the fake clone,kiyone was there 
with her head down in shame,it was her fault why mihoshi was like this,

do you remember detective,do you see how much pain you caused her.said th 
efake kiyone

what i see is this!,yes it may be true that mihoshi is like this,but at the 
same time i have know regrets,thought i yell at  her and scream at her,i 
still love her,ever since the accident she has been so carefree and happy,noy 
like the way she used to be.said kiyone looking at the clone

so do you have any regrets about what happened!asked the clone

my anwser is no,i cant changed what happen bu ti can help on what i happening 
now!scremed kiyone

the clone looked at kiyone and smiled,the clone exploded and made a tunnel of 
some sort which lead back to where they were,the palce only know to the three 
godess,kiyone was there but her friends were still have to do there own 
quest,it woudl be a hard time for them.

                                                                                      
Nagi's Fear

amongest the mist nagi stood there lookign at her clone,noth had there energy 
sword pointing at each other,but there was something different between the 
two,the real nagi had a frown adn the fak one had a smile,they both advanced 
eachother,trying to best each other ones skill,but it is hard going against 
you self,after a few minutes a quick fencing,they stoped,and once again 
looking at each other.

you know nagi,thsi will get us no where.said the nagi clone

why dont yo ujust shut up and fight me already,i just want to end this as 
quick as possible so i can kill ryoko already.said nagi who was getting mad

hahaha whta is this a joke,we know full well you would never kill ryoko,even 
if you tried you couldent do it,and i know why nagi!replied the clone

nagi stood there looking at her clone,her face turne visably white as the 
shock accured to her,everything that nagi knew or felt the clone know's.nagi 
shook her head in shame as she knew what the clone was going to do or say.

ow isnt this funny,you like ryoko and she dosent like you,wait wrong word i 
should say love right?.asked the clone

i dont care,what i feel is of my own desire and not anybody else's>said nagi 
not knowing what she really said

if this is true,then why dont you tell ryoko the truth,go ahead tell her,why 
are cant you tell her,i rememebr when it all happened,she was a slave of 
kagato and you persued her until you finally met and faught her,do you 
rememebr i know i do.said the clone

yes i remmeebr the day i faught her,it was a day i woudent forget.said nagi 
feeling shameful

just then the area of which the two where at started to change,it changed to 
a planet that was very distant,it was Svx70,a backwater planet,this was the 
first time nagi faught ryoko,nagi rememebr it all to clear now this was her 
first lost as a bounty hunter and swore reveange,nagi started to shake her 
head she didin twant to see this,no it would prove to be to difficult fo 
rher,but she had no choice.a bright light surrounded the two,then it faded 
away,they were on the planet Svx70,nagi hated this,but what she hated more 
was that nobody could see ehr except the clone,all the two could do was 
watch.the nagi of the past finally got her assignment an di twas to track 
down and kill the legendary space pirate ryoko,it was an offer that every 
bounty hunter refused except nagi,her skill were good but not good enounh to 
beat ryoko.nagi went to a near by bar a just relaxed and had a drink,when she 
heard something.

yeah,did you hear man,the space pirate ryoko is coming to Svx70 for some ring 
or what ever,they said or so i heard thta she would be arriveing in a 
halfahour,man i cant wait to see her!said the drunk

yeah but did you hear about the bounty on her head,it is said the legendary 
bounty hunter nagi took the job,but i don think nagi can really win.said 
another drunk

well it dosent matter to me cuz i dont care i just want more beer,hehehe hey 
well what do yo uknow ryoko is hear,great this is going to be so 
intreasting!said the dirty dunk

they heard a huge explosion from outside,nagi cam eout and saw a person with 
cyan hair destroying everything in plain site,nagi took a picture out of her 
bounty and it matched the person doing the damage,nagi ran towards the 
legendary space pirate and stoped,the pirate looked at her with a most evil 
grin and waited for the bounty hunter to talk

                                                             The First 
Encounter Of Nagi And Ryoko

so you must be ryoko am i correct.asked nagi

yes i am ryoko,but why do you stand before me,you cannot in,i must say this 
thought yo uhave guts for a pathetic women,but nomatter what is your 
name!said ryoko laughing at nagi

heh,the names nagi,i stand before you to kill you,you are very arrogant and 
that will have to cost you your life!replied nagi

hmmm,nagi huh,i heard you were the best,i also see you the stupidest of them 
all as well,let sget this over with i want to get this ring and i am outa 
her.said ryoko

the two women looked at each other,nagi had a face of determination,but ryoko 
was still laughing at nagi,nagi lunged at ryoko,ryoko was suprised at how 
fast nagi actually was but not as fast as ryoko,she dodged it,nagi started to 
attack in a melee type of wat,just trying to hit ryoko,after all those 
constant attacks from nagi,ryoko smiled and started her little attacks,nagi 
could hold up he rown for qeit some time,but she broaugh ther guard and it 
costed big time,ryoko had slashed her face,her shoulder,her stomach,her 
arm,and her legs,nagi was bleeding every where,nagi fell to the floor,she 
looked up to see ryoko who was smileing at nagi,her energy sword right at her 
throat,ryoko smiled then punched nagi in the face and left,after eight hours 
of being knocked out she found herself aboared the ken-ohki,her wounds were 
now healed but she had tattos to cover them up,nagi sat in her command chair 
thinking

(oh ryoko.i sawer if it takes me a hundread years or even a thousand years i 
am going to kill you mark my words woman,mark my words.)nagi thought before 
passing out.

the screen faded away and nagi and her clone were still standing there,nagi 
felt ashamed to lose,but what was done was done,and that couldent be changed.

well thats was certainly intreasting nagi,it seems you were the arrogant and 
not her,yet you still persue her,and every time you fail,so why do you keep 
going to persue her?asked the clone

because,i allways get my bounty and yes i was arrogant but i dont care,whats 
done is done i cant change the past,and even if i could i wouldent,for i 
wouldent know about Tokimi and she would get her way,so i say this clone,i 
have been chosen ot help her and that it after this we have a score to 
settle.said nagi

wel i was going to ask you if yo uwant to changed history,but i guess you 
figured it out,very well you have passed nagi.said the clone

the clone exploded and and a dimention tunnel of some sort apeared,nagi 
wondered if what sh esaid she actually meant,but that woul dhave to be 
settled later,the unicerse was at steak,nagi walked threw the tunnel and saw 
kiyone there,it seems only thise two had made it out yet.

                                                                                   
Mihoshi's Fear

the beautiful detective mihoshi was looking her way out to go back to her 
frineds but failed like the other's,she had to face her fear,unlike all the 
others mihoshi fear was a little different,but at the same time the 
same,mihoshi walked for agood while until she saw and stoped infrot of the 
mihoshi clone,but the mihoshi clone was different,she was the mihoshi before 
that terrible accident that changed her life.mihoshi stoped and looked at the 
clone,not knowing wat really to do or say mihoshi said what ever she could 
think of.

w....who are you asked mihoshi who was obvilous nervous

i am you mihoshi,the real you before the accident,or did you forget?asked the 
clone

uhh no i remeber the accident but not anything before that.said mihoshi

that is a lie,who do you think your kidding,you know why we are here 
right?said the clone

y...yes i know why we are here i think.said mihoshi

well well well,do you remember one year after your accident what happened to 
you friend kiyone?said the clone

mihoshi turned pale,as she started to rememebr what happend to kiyone that 
dreadful day,it was a day that mihoshi couldent forget,it was her fault 
anyway,but she didnt understand it,but deep down inside she knew it was her 
fault.

uh yeah i rememebr what happened,but why are you asking me that?said mihoshi 
clueless as ever

you must be kidding me,i am really like this,well the reason is this.said 
mihoshi

with a wave of the clones hand the area of where mishoshi was changed right 
before her very eyes,it was beautiful,mihoshi saw a galaxy that was spiral 
and very big,but then they went in the galaxy and saw a space ship,it was the 
yagami,mihoshi and kiyone were investigateing why a planet called mrx2321 was 
partly destoyed with out a trace,they started to fly closer to the 
planet,thye had landed,but it wasnt safe for them,there we massive amounts of 
pirates surrounding theship,the yagami tried to escape but the criminal had 
caugh tthe ship in a huge type of net,mihoshi started to freak out and hit a 
button on the side of the ship,and a huge explosion accoured,the button was 
the escape capsue for mihoshi,the explosion hit a part og kiyones leg,mihoshi 
was free and was on he rway to the galaxy police,kiyones was still on the 
planet,for three months no one heared of kiyone,every one thought she was 
dead,a cereminy was heale dfor her,but was halted when te yagami came to the 
galaxy police,inside the galaxy police found the offier severaly huirty and 
bruised,mihoshi was so hurt knowing it was her fault of this.

why..why are you showing me this!demanded mihoshi demanded pointing a gun at 
the clone

is this or is this not your fear,put that gun away,tell me mihoshi would you 
change what happened to kiyone or yourself?

would i well i dont really know,i mean i like the way i am and since i cant 
rememebr how i really was i would say that i wouldent chage that part,said 
mihoshi thinking about the other subject

good,but what about kiyone,or do you want me to show you what really happened 
to her,and if i show you,you might understand why she is allways so mad at 
you!said th clone laughing

No dont show me,i want kiyone to tell me,my anwser is no,i would not change 
history,what was done is dont,all we can do is move on,we cant just rememebr 
and feel ashamed we must move in for bette ror worse!said mihoshi

very good,i never though ti would hear you say that,but you are 
right,farewell mihoshi!said the clone

the clone blew up and made a dimension type of tunnel and mihoshi walked 
threw it,the clone was right one one thing though,it was her fault but you 
cant change what was don,mihoshi steped out and saw nagi,and kiyone.

                                                                                      
Washu's Fear

washu walked and kept on walking until sh esaw her clone,washu already knew 
what the clone migh tsay so sh ewas prepared of what migh tjust happen,but 
still emotions could still change her rthinking.washu looked at the clone,the 
clone was also th esmartest genuis in the universe.

what do you want with me clone!said washu folding her arms

your a genius why dont you figure it out,but if you want me to tell you then 
i will,we or shoudl i say you are her to see your worst fear.said the clone

washu closed her eyes and she knew what her fear was,but it wasnt pretty it 
wasnt the fear of her lost child that was taken away from her but it was for 
ryoko,her daughter,washu just knew that the clone was going to show he rthis

yes i have figured it out already so what,are you gonna show me now!said 
washu

why of course washu,let us see,ah here it is you worse fear.said the clone

the area where the two were standing changed,they saw kagato and a bleeding 
ryoko on the floor,washu rememebred this,it was ryoko worse beating but this 
was not ryoko's fear though,it was washu's and she had to deal with it her 
self,they were aboared the souja,kagato picked up ryoko by the neck and threw 
her on to a glass table which completely shattered leaveing her with more 
scares and bloo than ever,ryoko barely go tup adn stood there with her head 
down,kagato punched  ryoko in the stomach then in the face.ryoko fell to the 
ground but stod there,he then kicked ryoko on her side,once again he picked 
ryoko up by the neck,and threw her at his at his organ,ryoko just hit the 
organ and fell to the ground,but it wasnt over yet,ryoko got up and walked to 
kagato,kagato put his hand on her face and carresed he rcheek then with out 
warning her stabbed her in the chest,then kicked her right where he cut 
her,ryoko was going to dye,she coudl heal herself up,but she didnt want this 
anymore.kagato walked to ryoko and picked her up by the neck,and tried to 
rape her but he was suprised of what happened,washu had broken free,from her 
prison,she was so mad it wasnt funny,kagato took a step back and astood in 
shock,washu ran toward him and egnighted her energy sword and stabbed kagato 
in the chest,he took anothe rstep back and punched washu,she fell to the 
floor,not understanding what happened he placed washu again in her prison 
make sure she could not get out,ryoko then looked at kagato,it wasnt worth 
it,kagato wasnt going to die beacuse he want to have some pleaseure with 
ryoko,washu proved to be stronger then what he really thought,kagato erased 
ryoko's memory for that day,he only did that once,washu had to watch as 
kagato still punished her,but never like in a way towards rape,washu was to 
tired to get out,he rpower was exhausted from getting free.so she was stuck 
there.

do you rememebr washu!,do you rememebr what he tired to do!said the clone

yes i rememebr,it was a day i wont ever forget!said washu

would you change history if you could!asked the clone

wha..what do you mean.aske dwashu who was in shock

you heard me,i have the power to change history,if you want me to tell me and 
so be it,it will be donesaid the clone smileing

would i change history if i could,are you dumb or what i could of changed 
histoy if i felt like it,i do have a tiem machine,the reason why i did cause 
i fear that everything might change,i cant let that happen,so no i wouldent 
change time!said washu

is this true,what about you lost child washu or did you forget!said the clone

washu had second thoughts now,ryoko or her lost child,ryoko or her lost 
child,washu thoguth about this often,but then if she wanted he rchild then 
she would not have ryoko,washu then decided for sure

the anwser is still NO,i cant change histoy with out messing up the 
present,so no even though i lost me child i found a daughter who i love and i 
will allwasy love and i dont care how much pain i feel,a parent know the 
child is more important than anything else!said washu crying

very well,and of course you are true,washu you have doen well.said the clone

the clone blew up and a type of tunnel appeared,washi sighed and waled threw 
it,she came out and saw her friends,mihoshi,kiyone and nagi.

Tokimi just looked at the three who waited for the rest of the ganng,four of 
the eigh ha dmade it out and now it was time for them to come out but when

i see you four have made it out,but it dosent matter to me,they wont make it 
out alive.said tokimi

wrong tokimi,sasami,ayeka,ryoko,and tenchi will make it out mark my words 
sister,said wahsu

well sister i guess we have to wait and see.said tokimi laughing

                                                                                        
Sasami's Fear

sasami was all alone in the dark,but it didnt really matter to her,she had 
the complete power of Tsunami,sasami walked until she saw what everyone else 
saw,she saw her clone,the looked exactly alike in every way,the just looked 
at each either not know on what to anticipate,to sasami's suprise the clone 
just cracked her knuckles and her neck as if to get prepared.

well well i see you made it sasami,i was wondering if you were but i see you 
have,said the clone smileing

yes i made it,now what do you want fron me,i dont want to be here anylonger 
than i have to.demanded sasami

oh is this a fact huh?,well very well then i wont bother to waste your time,i 
just show you something.replied the clone

huh?,what are you talking about,i dont know what you mean.said the clone

the clone just smiled as the area  around sasami changed,what sasami saw was 
when tenchi died,she was there,it was a thing that sasami or rather Tsunami 
at the time regreted.now sasami saw the foolishness she tried to do,it was 
something she wish she didnt do.

                                                                        
Tsunami and Tenchi

there he was tenchi masaki dead right infront of Tsunami's face,she walked 
steadily towards him even thought dead he seemed like if he were to awake and 
run like hell,she kneeled down beside him and put her right hand on his 
forehead ,green energy was surrounding the two as Tsunami had broaught tenchi 
back to life,but there was a ketch that tenchi didnt know about,though he was 
broaught back to life he had a sublimanal message put in to his mind.

Tsunami didnt want to see anymore,she knew what she didi and she was sorry 
but it was to late,he had choosen but what if the message was still there and 
he still went with her,what would she do,no she would not allow it,if she had 
the power to control then she had the power to release.

well does this bring back memories dosent it.said the clone

sasami turned her head to see the clone,sasami was so madbut it happened 
nothing could change the past or so she thought.

leave me alone and take me back.said sasami

i will eventually if i feel like it that is but i have a question for you,the 
events you just saw would you change history if you had the power.said the 
clone

sasami stoped anmd thought on this one,what th eclone was saying that the 
past could be chaged but what about everyone else,everything might be 
different than it already is,but should i change it,i mean i am a godess and 
all but,at the same time they are being forced again by me if i do that

no i wont change it,what is done wont be changed,i will just have to live 
with it for the rest of and eternity.said sasami

your smart,i see but no matter we really didnt care for you anyway,you could 
of escaped anytime you wan,but you refused not to,ery well you have one 
farewell Tsunami or rather sasami but to bad youll never beat Tokimi.said the 
clone

they looked at each other until the clone exploded and a dimensional type of 
tunnel opened up,sasami knew what that was and took it,when sasami arrived 
she saw kiyone,Nagi,Mihoshi,and Washu.

i see you made it sasami.said washu

yes it was difficult fo rme to see but i prevailed.said sasami

BUT that dosent really matter,Ayeka,Ryoko,and Tenchi are stillleft and i 
doubt all three will make it alive,with there constant love triangle and 
all,hahahahah this is going to be intrasting indeed.said tokimi still siting 
in her thrown.

your wrong Tokimi the will make it out,all of them,youll see watch said washu

very well then we shall see.said tokimi

                                                                               
Ayeka's Fear/Nightmare

Ayeka was walking until she stoped to take a break,she stoped and 
releaxed,but was unrelaxed when she felt a pair of hannds grab her 
shoulder,with that ayeka got up and turned around only to see her slef 
looking at her,ayeka was taken back not knowing to do.
Hello princess Ayeka of Jurai or should i say whats left of jurai.said the 
clone smirking

ayeka had summoned her log's to get ready for an attack,and did attack with a 
huge beam,it made direct contact with the clones sheild,ayeka looked in awe 
as the clone only smirked once again

dont try to do that,youll only fail every single time.said the clone

uh what am i here for,why am i in the place with a clone such as you,tell me 
know demon.said ayeka getting mad from this nothing ness

thats is easy for me to anwser,we are here because of YOU,you are in this 
place to face your worset fear or in that case i should say Nightmare.said 
the clone

ayeka turned her head and didnt want to rememeber what happened on that 
day,but she didnt have much of a choice.the are changed,she was at the 
carnival with tenchi and she remembered what completely happened,ayeka shook 
her head as she didnt want to see let alone go threw with this again.

                                                                                    
The Carnival

tenchi and ayeka were haveing a good time,they got on all the rides for free 
because of their title,tenchi still didnt fell suited to be called prince but 
ayeka said that that was ninsense and that all he would do is just have to 
get used to it for a while,ayeka and tenchi decided to go on the ferris 
wheel,of course there was a huge line but becaus eof there status the were 
next,the went n and sat next to each other,tenchi had looked at ayeka and he 
thought

(ayeka you are so beautiful,i am so glad that i came to jurai with you,i hope 
that later i may be able to learn more,i like it here it is so peaceful bu ti 
like earth better,i love umm man i still cant decide even in my own mind,this 
is horrible,i mena tenchi look at her isnt she beautiful why just cant you 
say at least something)though ttenchi argueing with himslef mentaly

they were still on the ride when ayeka spoke,tenchi was suprised to hear what 
the princess had to say,he shouldent of he knew she might pop the question 
and she did


tenchi,this palce is so beautiful dont you agree.asked ayeka

yes ayeka jurai is indeed a beautiful place,i like it hear.replied 

you do like it tenchi,well um would you like to stay here?questioned ayeka 
wanting to know desperately

(oh great,ehst to say if i say i want ti live in earth she will be sad but if 
i say i want to live here everything might change,think tenchi what to say,i 
mean just look at here she is waiting for an anwser,ok tenchi go and say 
it)thought tenchi

to tell you the truth,..........i would like to live here but i still like it 
on earth.said tenchi hopeing ayeka wouldent be offended

ayeka inturn was not happy with what tenchi said but at the same time not sad 
at all,she still had a chance with tenchi,all she had to do was tak eit slow 
and he could be all her's

well ok,tenchi would you mind if you can stay month here since it is summer 
vacation on earth as you call it?asked ayeka

(hmm well why not i have nothing else to do on earth so yeah i guess i will 
go)tenchi thought to himself

ok ayeka i will stay with you here on jurai,beside i would liek to see thi 
splace more often it is beautiful,an di could get used to it.replied tenchi 

the ride finally ended and they both got off,they supriseingly held there 
hands together,for a few minutes the two walked together,ayeka was so happy 
it was a dream for here,sh ewas with tenchi on jurai but ayeka still ha dto 
ask tenchi the question,the biggest question of her life,but everytime she 
wanted to ask he rquestion her morals as a princess seem to stop her,ayeka 
looked at tenchi,he seemed relaxed,they decicde to sit on  a near bye 
bench.,it was getting late soon tenchi would be going to sleep in his bed 
chaimber,tenchi looked at ayeka and sighed happily.he finally spoke.
 
ayeka thank you for askeing me to come to jurau it is very beautiful 
here.said tenchi

your wellcome lord tenchi,umm lord tenchi i have something to ask you,and i 
have been wanting to ask you for a very long time.replied ayeka

(tenchi had a feeling of what it was,and he knew it she might ask,no matter 
what he did she was gonna say it,so tenchi thought hard.why not calm her down 
so she cansk her question,yeah thats a perfect idae,i.......i hope)thought 
tenchi

go ahead ayeka you can tell me.said tenchi

well ok lord tenchi,...ok umm how can is say this,everytime i see you,well um 
lord tenchi i...i love you, i love yo umore than you could ever imagine,i 
have loved you ever since you took me an sasami in,i have grown to love you 
more and more,bu ti nee dto know lord tenchi do you love me please tell me 
lord tenchi .asked ayeka desperately
(i knew it,ok tenchi think and think quick,uhh.....,why can ti think i do 
love here but i dont know if i want to hurt her feelings but i cant lye at 
the same time.well tenchi just say what you believe in,and all will be said 
and done i guess)thought tenchi

it wasgetting later bye the minute ryoko had been walking for a long time she 
finally left the carnival and decided to go an dlok fo rtenchi,for several 
minutes she went looking until she saw tenchi and ayeka,ryoko was about to 
bud in but decided not to,but at the same tiem sh edidnt want to leave,ryoko 
had decide to go and here everthing be hid a tree thats was next to ayeka and 
tenchi,what was worng was what ryoko heard sh eiddn hear the whole 
conversation which just didnt help,ryoko had started ot listen even thought 
she didnt really want to,then she heard ayeka speak

tenchi please tell me the truth do you love me!asked ayeka getting more and 
more desperate

ryoko could stand it,but at the same time it was time for destiny to take 
affect,all would change in tenchi next few words but what would he say,he 
finally licked his lips and started to speak

Ayeka i...love to,i have loved you to ever since you came with me to earth i 
have grown to love to,you are such a big part of my life.said tenchi finally

(i wonder if i said it correctly so that she wouldent take the idea 
wrong)thought tenchi

ayeka on the other hand took it her way,her beautiful eyes started to 
water,they both stood up an dlooked at each other,tenchi not sure what he 
said was right and ayeka was at an all time high,ayeka hugged tenchi and said 
she loved him with all her heart,tenchi was abit baffeled,tenchi hear a 
rustlein gin the behind tree,tenchi eyes buldged wided when he saw cyan 
hair,tenchi hoped to everthing if it wasnt who he thought it was,tenchi and 
ayeka still held each other,ayeka finally spoke.who's there.ayeka was 
suprised and realized who it was it was ryoko.she had turned around and 
looked at the two.no longer were ryoko golden eyes turned terrifyingly 
red,tenchi an dayeka took a step back.ryoko just dissapeared,tenchi and ayeka 
were both shooken up.it was 3 hours after the incident with ryoko seing 
tenchi and ayeka,no one where ryoko was,they decided to al go to sleep an 
dlook fo rryoko in th emorning if she was here,since ryo-ohki was with sasami 
that means ryoko may still be here.tenchi had heard what ayeka said and was 
still confused about what he himself said,he just could not bare to hurt 
ayeka but he hurt ryoko even more.tenchi had finally fell asleep,tenchi didnt 
have a dream at all,it was morning already,tenchi had gotten up and saw 
ayeka,washu,sasami,and  mihoshi just waiting for him.
                  
do you remember ayeka.said the clone

yes i remember what happened on that day,i rememer perfectly.sai dayeka 
lowering her head

tell me princess ayeka if you had the power to change that part in 
history,would you?said the clone

this was a question that ayeka was not ready for,she had to truely think 
about what to say,for if she said what was not in her heart who know what 
might happen

ayeka thought(well would i change history if i had the  power to,i mean i 
could get tenchi and ryoko would be somewhere else,but at the same time it 
would be different,i would know tenchi chose me because he was forced by 
me,that isnt love that is cruelty,though he chose ryoko it was his 
decision,it was a decision that he mde by himself,so i guess i would say 
no,tenchi's happyness come first,i can just let my feelings change everyone 
else.)

NO! i wouldt change history,i am a wont ever forget him but i wont steal hi 
sheart like that it is wrong and mean.said ayeka 

very well.i see,you have done well ayeka but yo uwill still fail.said the 
clone

the clone blew up and a type ofdimensional tunnel appeared,ayeka though 
tabout what she said then walked threw,when she came out,she saw 
Kiyone,Nagi,Mihoshi,Washu,and Sasami.

sister i am glad yo umade it.said sasami huggeing her sister.

yes sasami i am also to glad i made it.said ayeka

impressive,i never thought such i weak princess would make it out 
alive,hmm,but there are still two more to go and there are the worst of 
all,if they mske it out i would be ver suprised.said Tokimi.

it dosent matter,ryoko and tenchi will make it said ayeka

ok well then we shall have to see if you are right.said tokimi

                                                                  Ryoko's 
Fear/Nightmare/Pain/Heartache/Turmoil 

the place where ryoko was different from everyone elses,it looked like 
something,there was s kinny passage,she walked across it,she contiued to walk 
until she saw a throne with the clone of self,ryoko walked slowly close to 
the clone who was sipping some wine,the clone paid no attention to 
ryoko,ryoko stoped right infront of the throne where the clone was,still the 
paid no attention to ryoko,ryoko didnt even bother to say anything but 
decided to just end it already and kill the clone.ryoko fired a huge energy 
beam at the clone,it cam three feet from the clone,the clone just put up her 
hand and her own energy beam blasted the beam,the clone then looked at 
ryoko,smileing she floated of her throne to ryoko waiting for her,she landed 
and the met face to face,Ryoko againt Ryoko.

so you finally made it ryoko,i thought you werent going to make it here.said 
the clone

yeah i made it but what are we doing here......clone said ryoko

well you dont have to say it like that,consider me as a Twin,we are here 
because of you!.said the clone

what are you getting at.said ryoko folding her arms

must you be that thick headed,we are hear because of your fears,what 
else,jeez i thought you would be smart to figure that out.smirked the clone

yeah what ever.i am prepared for anything,just give me your best shot.said 
ryoko

heheheh i wont have to give you anything.said the clone

the area surrounding the two change,to see the planet earth,they were at the 
masaki residence,this was ryoko's biggest fear which never really 
happened.ryoko saw tenchi on the floor with blood all over,he was a mess and 
everyone else was dead,washu dead,sasami dead,mihoshi dead,kiyone dead,even 
ayeka dead,ryoko just screamed in pain as she couldent take her worst fear 
dream come true,shacking her head violently the area faded back to the 
nothingness which they were in.

what was that demended ryoko trying to compose her self.

oh that was nothing compared to what is going to happen to you dear twin.said 
the clone.

the area change once again but it was different,they were aboared a huge 
ship,with a man beating ryoko nearly to death,they were on the souja with the 
man known as Kagato,ryoko watched in horror as she saw herself being beaten 
like a rag doll,ryoko laid on the floor of the souja with massive scars,ryoko 
could not bare to watch this anylonger,but had to watch,it was 
everywhere,kagatokicked the young ryoko, the young ryoko was in immense 
pain,kagato picked her up by the neck and smirked and threw her toward a huge 
wall,she hit the wall leaveing a dent in the wall,the young ryoko collapsed 
to the floor while kagato ran and kicked her several time in the 
stomach,ryoko coulnd not take it anymore and tried to kill the clone,she 
failed but the nightmare stoped.

stop this at once or else.said ryoko who was getting so mad it wasnt even 
funny.

let me think uh no,but hey look at that.said the clone

the area changed again and they were in a dark place,the seemed very familar 
to ryoko,of course it was familar to ryoko it was the cave,for 700 hundread 
years ryoko was stuck in that cave left to die,seven hundread years of 
absolute silence,seven hundreads years with no physical contact,seven 
hundreads years with out any one to love,ryoko shook her head,she hated 
this,she once again tried to kill he rclone throwing massive energy beams at 
her but they all missed,the area changed back to its normal nothingness.

you,your going to pay fo rtyhat mark my words.daid ryoko with eyes as red as 
blood

ha ha,ha ha,ha ha,is this true then come in prove it twin.said the clone

ryoko teleported back to the fron of the passage way,and the clone was at the 
end of the passage way,both had there enery swords drawn ready to kill one 
another,they looked at each other the ran toward seach other in a melee,the 
clone jumped it the air as they almost made contact with each other,ryoko saw 
the clone up in the air and teleported behind her and broaught her sword down 
to kill the clone,but the clone was smarter than she looked as she just 
teleported away from ryoko,ryoko looked to find the clone but was shot with a 
energy beam,ryoko got up as quick as possible,she saw her clone just looking 
at her with her sword ready for battle,ryoko cracked her neck in 
determination and was ready for round two.ryoko summoned a energy beam that 
was very vwery big,about the size of ten cars,the clone squinted her eys as 
the beam was very bright,ryoko release the beam and was pushe back by such 
power,th ebeam headed straight towards the clone,the cloen didnt have to to 
get away and was hit,the clone laid on the floor,ryoko walked toward the 
clone,the clone got up and smiled.

well that was very intreasting but you still cant beat me,you should know 
that i am you.said the clone

just then ryoko was summoning a amount of power which was legendary,it was 
the light hawk wings,ryoko had looked at her clone who was nto worrided as 
she herself had the power of the light hawk wings,the clones light hawk wings 
were the same,even ryoko's gems were the same,the only way possible to create 
those gems is with a power grerater than them,and that power was tokimi.ryoko 
looked at her clone.

ah this will get us know where.said the clone

your probably right but i must contiue.said ryoko

that is true i also have to contiue.said the clone

the area changed once again as this was somewhat different then all the rest 
of her enconters,it was different than all the rest,the area was th eplacve 
only know to the three godess,there ryoko saw everyone dead,they looked dead 
for real this time as they could touch them,she saw herself,but couldent 
toubh her though,ryoko looke at the clone

this has happened in the future,and there is nothing you can do about it.said 
the clone

wrong this dosent have to happen.said ryoko

tell me something,thi shas been bothering me for qiuet some time,all these 
incidetn with......kagato,if you had the power to change time would you 
change what happened.said the clone

ryoko thought(i...i dont know,i mean i have regreted the fact that kagato did 
to me,but at the same time i was also kinda rewarded with tenchi,because of 
kagato i met,ayeka the first princess of jurai and long time friend,i met 
sasami second princess of jurai and the greates cook out there,i met my 
mother washu,who we are finally have a type of a mother daughter 
relationship,i met mihoshi who is a total clutz but she i allways there for 
you,i met kiyone who is allways there as well,heck i even met nagi,who loves 
to try to kill me,so i dotn think i would change history,bu twhat about all 
those time in that cave,seven hunreads years alone was so difficult,also 
spending thirteenhundread yeards wasnt east at all,but at the same time i 
wouldent change what happened,the past is the past,i must look towards the 
future.)

no,whats was dont in the past was done,i must look towards the future,for my 
friends and myself.said ryoko finlly anwsering
the clone was taken back a bit by those words,she smiled and then blew up,the 
explosion made the tunnel appear,ryoko look up into nothing ness and 
sighed,sh edeactivate her light hawk wings and steped into the portal,ryoko 
the steped out to see her friends waiting for her.

i see you made it ryoko.said ayeka

yeah it was hard but i did it,hey wait wheres' tenchi.asked ryoko who was 
concerned

he hasnet come out yet.said ayeka

and he never will,he is just a weak boy who isnt fit to live.said tokimi 
smileing

he will make it outwatch and see tokimi he will make it out.said washu

                                                                                           
Tenchi's Sorrow

The where tenchi was,was completely dark,the only thing that let tenchi see 
was the lightining thats struck the floor,tenchi was lost and did not know 
where to go,tenchi was getting worried and the lighting just didnt help at 
all,tenchi just kept on walking into nothingness,tenchi stoped walking after 
walking for a few minutes,he sighed as he realized he was going knowhere,just 
then lighting struck the floor violently,tenchi looked up in suprise,tjere 
was nothing,tenchi just looked foward  and saw something,he looked very 
familar,it was the clone of himself,tenchi walk slowly towards the clone.

i see you made it tenchi.said the clone of himself

why who are you?asked tenchi dumbfound seeing himself looking right back at 
him

i am you tenchi,who else do you think i am.said the clone who was getting 
abit irritated

well ok but what do you want,and what i am doing here?asked tenchi

what i want is none of your importance,buy why are you here is very easy,we 
are here to see your worst fear or should i say fear's.said the clone

tenchi looked at the clone not understanding him,until he actually thought 
about it,to see your worst fear,tenchi knew his worst fear.

with a wave of the clone's hands the area changed,the area showed a place on 
earth,the place was in the masaki house,tenchi saw a women with a lavender 
kimono with a baby by her side asking her somethig tenchi realized who it 
was,it was?,it was his mother Achicka,tenchi froze in shock,he remembered 
what happened that very day,it was a day that tenchi regreted.

mami come play with me out side,it is so nice lets go play please.asked the 
younger tenchi

i am sorry dear,i am so tired,i dont feel very well now.said achicka

but mami you...you are allway tired now,you never have time fo rme anymore 
your allways so tired of this,i..i hate this i.. hate you.screamed tenchi 
running away from his mother's side.

tenchi saw as his younger self ran away to ryoko's cave,tenchi just lowered 
his head,he didnt know what he why said that,tenchi just shook his head as 
the area changed back to the never ending nothingness,tenchi raised hised his 
head and looked at the clone who was smileing at him.

what is so funny you clone,why are you laughing that is so immuseing.said 
tenchi clenching his fist

well well well,if that will get you that mad then just go and check at 
this.said the clone waveing his hand

the area changed and this was anothe recanet memorie,yes this was a memorie 
that happend a year ago on jurai,it was they day that many thing's 
changed.tenchi saw tenchi running to washu,h eknew what was going to happen 
and he had to watch.

what is going on washu asked tenchi wondering

washu had pointed tenchi over to where the grandgarden was and he saw ryoko 
there.everyone couldnt go,everytime someone came to stop ryoko would shot 
energy beams at them,even washu couldnt help ryoko,tenchi had decided that it 
was his fault and it was his obligation,for some reason tenchi had a sense of 
deja vu.tenchi waslked causiouly le but was stoped in his tracks when and 
energy stoped him.tenchi thought  and decided to talk to ryoko.

ryoko why are you doing this?asked tenchi

ryoko just looked at tenchi with utter hatred,how could tenchi be so dense 
did he realize thats he had hurt he rin such i way that even kagato couldnt 
do,tenchi was in a big trouble and he knew it.

why tenchi how could you,i loved you.said ryoko chargeing her energy sword

ryoko calm down ok,please.begged tenchi

ryoko attacked tenchi,with such a force that tenchi was taken back a few 
steps,tenchi was lucky that he broaught the tenchi-ken to block ryoko attacks

ryoko please stop this you said you loved me so why cant you believe me when 
i said i love you.said tenchi blocking ryoko's onslaught of attack's

you expect me to believe you when i saw you express you true feeling's to 
ayeka,how could you,all you had to do was tenchi instead of breaking my 
heart,just tell me.replied ryoko as she stoped attacking tenchi

the two warriors looking at each other both warriors were extremely 
powerfull,tenchi summoned up his powers and with out warning the light hawk 
wings appeared,he saw ryoko but tenchi didnt want to kill ryoko,but ryoko 
seemed to want to kill tenchi,ryoko had changed some much her one gems was so 
powerfull,how could the one who loved him the most now want him dead as a 
door nail,tenchi had raised his tenchi-ken and hand it pointed and a 
attacking stance but was alarmed when her felt a tugging on the sword,tenchi 
looked at the sword and look at the two remaing gem's that belonged to 
ryoko,the two gem's started to vibrate with such force that almost got out of 
tenchi's hand,the two gem's literally broke them selves free from the sword 
and went straight towards ryoko's neck and other wrist,with that power the 
two gem had gave ryoko the ultimate power,ryoko now aslso had the power of 
the light hawk wings,just then tenchi looked at washu who was observing the 
whole battle since it started.even she was suprised that the gem's could even 
do that.

tenchi be carefull ryoko's feels betrayed because of you thats why her gem's 
came to her,please dont harm her i beg of you tenchi she is my beloved 
daughte...............said washu but just then washu was hit by one of 
ryoko's energy beams.

washu had fallen to the ground knocked out cold,ayeka,sasami,and mihoshi went 
to the scientist to see if she was alright.just then ayeka was almost 
strucken by ryoko energy beam.ayeka had a determind look on her face and she 
summoned azaka kamidaki the two wooden guardian came to the princess but were 
mere toys's to ryoko's power,with a wave of ryoko's hand two energy beams the 
sized of bowlingball's both  hit azaka and kamadaki and both of the guardians 
just were destroyed.ayeka was starting to become scared but still held her 
own,just then ryoko came right next to ayeka and brought formed an energy 
sword and out it right next to ayeka's throat,just then ryoko was going to 
strike ayeka when tenchi blocked ryoko's attack.

ryoko stop this please,i love you,we all love you,but i wont let you take the 
life of ayeka or any other person.yelled tenchi

any other person huh,well lats see tenchi?replied ryoko with a divious grin 
on her face which,meaned probably something wrong.

then tenchi thought reall quick.(wait a goddamn minute this is just like my 
dream,everthing is coming true,i have to stop this,i will stopthis) thought 
tenchi

ryoko had put her head down in shame and saw her reflection in a puddle of 
water,but still had her energy sword.all she could see was a space pirate who 
fell in love with the man who didnt love her but he said he did but she knew 
he was lyeing.ryoko had raised her head with a new determintation on her face 
but nobody knew what she would do,not even washi because ryoko some how 
blocked her mental mind link.Ryoko had looked at tenchi a said that  she 
loved him and raised her energy sword 

NO! RYOKO DONT DO IT! screamed tenchi

ryoko had looked at tenchi,he knew what she trying to do,ryoko didnt care she 
raised her energy sword and looked at tenchi,she  was getting ready to thrust 
it in to her heart,but before she could tenchi had ran to her and held her 
hand that han the energy word,ryoko had looked at him,why was he trying  so 
hard to stop her,ryoko saw him choose so why is he still careing for 
her,ryoko had pushed tenchi and he was taken back a bit,ryoko had looked at 
tenchi and she started to speak.

tenchi leave me alone or i ...i will kill you.said ryoko no louder than a 
whisper

no ryoko i wont leave you alone,i wont abandon you,so dont tell me to do it 
because i wont so stop this right now!yelled tenchi 

ryoko just looked at tenchi,she could not still believe that he chose 
ayeka,ryoko had faugh tso hard for nothing,ryoko started to laugh,tenchi 
didnt like the sound of her laugh,thing just worren tgoing well,all this time 
tenchi had finally realized his dreams werent dreams at all infact they were 
vision of the future,andif ryoko would die tenchi would be put threw so much 
pain.ryoko had turned her head from tenchi's gaze.and started to think.

(why tenchi,why must you hurt me so much,i have longed for you,and this is 
what i got in return,i waiterd 700 years in that cave,andnow i wish i were 
back in there,its not worth it,how could you,lave me and lover he rout the 
blue,am i not good enough for you tenchi,i would die for you,i would do 
anything for you,even if it meant becoming the notorious space pirate 
again)thought ryoko

tenchi had lowered his sword though still active though,ryoko then turned 
around to look at tenchi,ryoko had looke dat him for a minute,she realized 
that in her mind she was unworth of a man like tha,ayeka had one,all this 
time and she didnt see it,ryoko looked at him and raised her energry swor 
dand pointed it at tenchi,tenchi steped back just a little,he was unsure of 
what ryoko might do,ryoko then cryed and charged tenchi,tenchi in turn was 
shoucked that he didnt raised his sword in time to block an attack,ryoko 
while lungeing at him threw and energy beam at him,tenhci had doged it but 
fell,ryoko wa sstill chargeing but before ryoko could go anyfurther the 
tenchi-ken had stabed ryoko in her midsection.tenchi lay on his back,with the 
body of an impaled ryoko on him,tenchi face turned completely whie in a 
result of what had just gone down.tenchi quicly discharged the tenchi-ken and 
turned ryoko over.ryoko was bleeding severly,blood was going everewhere.then 
ryoko spoke

thank you...tenchi for setting me free.whispered ryoko barely alive

no ryoko!,wahsu come here please,ryoko needs help screamed tenchi 

washu didnt anwser,she was still  in a coma,tenchi had picked up ryoko's head 
and put it on his lab,tenchi started to cry to se what he had done,one of hid 
best friend was about to die by his own hands,and there was nothing he coudl 
do about it,tenchi had looked at ryoko to see her barelt breathing at 
all,tenchi caressed her cyan hair to cal,m he rdown,bu ttenchi didnt know 
what to do,ryoko was slipping fast.

tenchi...,i..hope you and ayeka..have a wonderful life.said ryoko who was 
almost dead

tenchi had looked at ryoko,not once in his entire life had tenchi ever seen 
love this strong,it was strong like his mothers,tenchi started to hold 
ryoko,hedidn tknow what to do,ayeka,sasami,mihoshi were all trying to wake 
washu up but it wasnt looking to good she was out like a light.ryoko started 
to cough out some blood,ryoko had looked at tenchi,and tenchi first once did 
something he hadnt do to any of ther girls,tenchi broaught this his face 
closer to ryoko,they made contact and looked ta each other,they moved closer 
till they coudlk feel each others breath.tenchi closed his eyes decided and 
kissed ryoko,thats was the last thing ryoko could cherish,tenchi had opened 
his eyes after the kiss and realized that ryoko wasnt breathing,she had her 
eyes closed,tenchi started to scream in horrow,the only word that came out of 
tenchi mouth was the name of the women he just lost

the area changed before tenchi spoke,tenchi just looked at the clone who was 
now laughing at him,tenchi felt like...like just ending the clone's life.

oh my did i strike a nerve,well tell me hehe.said the clone.

clone why are you doing this to me,why are you showing me these thing 
you...you monster.said the clone

hehe tell me tenchi do you regret any of these thing that happened to 
you.said the clone

tenchi was caught of by suprise by this question,it wasnt something tried to 
think about,those thought made him wonder if he did was the right 
thing,tenchi just didnt try and think about it.

whats wrong cant anwser the question,how about i help you decided with say 
another memorie.said the clone

tenchi was still in thought but the area change again,this was a different 
this time,it was happend before the incident of jurai,tenchi saw himself on 
the ryo-oh preparing to fire the beam towards the ship.this ship was the 
souja,the beam headed straight towards the ship but never made it as the the 
souja fired a beam as well and completely destroyed the beam that the ryo-oh 
fired and destroyed the ship instantly,tenchi turned his face away,it was 
another bad memory.

whats wrong tenchi cant take the truth,this has all happened you know that as 
well as i do.said the clone

tenchi just turned around to see the clone,he was just looking right back at 
him smileing at him,tenchi put his head down in utter defeat.

ok like i said before clone what do you want with me,huh tell me,i am growing 
tired of thsi nonsense.saod tenchi

hmmm tell me tenchi,do you regret any of this,do you regreat  any of these 
things that i have shown you.said the clone

yes i do regret some of this stuff but so what,why do you care said tenchi 
loseing his cool

heheh well anwser me this tenchiwould you change history if you had the power 
to,would you go back in time to change stuff that you did like.said the clone

tenchi thought(yes i would change history,but then what,i would know that 
that really didnt happen, i would be liveing a lie,beside what ever i change 
may change th epresent,as much as i want to change history i cant and i 
wont!)

well tenchi tell me i would liek to know already,and choose your words wisely 
because what you say may determine your anwser.said the clone

my anwser is simple,no,history i like a string,you never know when it 
ends,but at the same time you never know when it starts,no everything happens 
for a reason so no.said tenchi

the clone looked at tenchi and felt disgusted with him,the clone turned away 
from tenchi and waved his hand and a portal appeared,tenchi looked at the 
clone,who boaught a tenchi0ken just like tenchi's,he looked at it and threw 
towards tenchi,the clone destroyed himself,the clone's tenchi-ken was just 
like tenhci's,tenchi picked up the sword and took out his tenchi-ken,and to 
tenchi's suprise the two swords come together.tenchi looked around and was 
now prepared to fight tokimi,or so he thought,he walked threw the portal and 
found his way back to his friends.who were so happy to greet him.

tenchi i see you made it said sasami/mihoshi at thesame time

yeah i made it.said tenchi

well it dosent matter boy your still weak and your still going to die.said 
tokimi

tenchi and the gang turned around to see tokimi still siting on her 
thrown,the eight just looked at tokimi who was sitting there stareing right 
back at them,tokimi stood up and decended towards the gang,she was fifty feet 
away from them.

so are you eight prepared to go against me!said tokimi

yes tokimi and we will win.said tenchi prepareing for the battle of a life 
time

very well,and boy i am going to enjoy ending your pathetic life.

                                                                                  
The Battle Against The Ultimate Godess 
                                                                                                                     
Tokimi

Tokimi looked at the eight warriors who stood before her,it amazed her on how 
far the eight have gotten,but to bad they would fall,tokimi closed her eyes 
and a energy sword that the colors of ryoko's eyes,tokimi extended her han 
dto the eight og them,just then ten green and balck wings appeared before 
her,tenchi and rest of the gang was already prepared for her,the eight just 
looked at tokimi utter silence  not knowing what to do,tokimi just smiled and 
charged all eight of them,washu and sasami jumped away from tokimi and tired 
to make an energy beam to kill tokimi,mihoshi,kiyone,nagi and ayeka fired 
everything that they had at tokimi,all there attack connected with 
tokimi,there was and utter silence but to there suprise tokimi was the and 
advance them still there,tokimi was now two fet away from ayeka raising her 
energy sword to kill the young empress,tokimi broaught her energy sword but 
was stoped by a blue sword and a orange energy sword,tokimi backed away and 
looked around to see what was going on,then she spotted sasami and washu 
makeing an energy ball,tokimi just shrugged it off,tenchi snd ryoko now both 
headed toward tokimi with both of them with there lighthawk wings,tokimi 
looked in awe then smiled at the thought of them actually thnking they could 
beat her,tokimi just smiled and attacked to two,the three collided with a 
force not seen ever,tenchi and ryoko were noth trying there very hardest to 
even hit tokimi,sh ewas so fast it seemed that she was never there,tokimi 
smiled as the two just kept chargeing at her,tenchi jumped in the air to 
attack tokimi from the air,while ryoko tried to take tokimi's mid-
section,what suprised both of them is that tokimi didnt even move,now was 
there chace to strike,with his eyes closed tenchi drove the tenchi right in 
tokimi's heart,while ryoko stabbed her throat,tenchi had opened his eys tobe 
in utter shock,tokimi just looked at him and pushed him away with one 
hand,the strikes that th etwo did had absolutely no affect on her,washu and 
sasami prepared to fire there blast but they were not ready yet they needed 
more time,nagi and ayeka started to charge at tokimi,ayek auseing her jurai 
power as nagi's sheild proved to be a useful tactic as massive enery beams 
were shot ot the two,nagi started to attack the godess with everything she 
could think of but to no avail tokimi just stood there with not one 
scratch,tokimi started to levitate sevral feet in the air and shot a massive 
beam at nagi,the beam connected with ayeka's sheild,tokimi just laughed loud 
as the sheild ayeka used was destroyed,nagi and ayeka were in fear as the 
beam had hit both and killed them instantely,mihoshi and kiyone screamed as 
they saw there best friends die right infront of them,they both started to 
fir there guns at tokimi who just laughed at the to detectives and shot a 
beam at them and they as well were killed instantely,tokimi thought four 
down,four to go,tokimi looked at ryoko and tenchi then looked at her sister's 
Washu and Tsunami,tokimi put her head down and decided who next to 
exterminate,she raised her head and lunged at her sister with a speed not 
ever seen before,washu and sasami were ready for there beam,they looked at 
each other,and put both there arms foward and shot the beam of massive godily 
powers,the beam caught tokimi's eye,tokimi stoped in front of the beams traks 
and waited,the beam came closer and made contect with tokimi's hand,the beam 
was still trying to attack tokimi but it wasnt working,tokimi shot and energy 
beam so powerful that it destroyed her sister beam and went towards 
them,washu and sasami teleported away from the beam,but it didnt 
matter,tokimi was behind there back and summoned tow energy swords in each 
hand,and stabed both of the sisters,both sasami and washu felt themselves 
lose there power,for the only way for a god to die was by the hand of another 
god,the two sister's died next to each other dead,tokimi just looked at her 
sister in silence then started to laugh at them,six down two to go,tokimi 
turned her head towards the last to Ryoko and Tenchi,the two lover's looked 
at each other then looked at there enemy and charged with such fury,tokimi 
just smiled at the thought of kill both of them,it would be glorious for 
sure,tokimi lunged at ryoko and tenchi,the three had imesnse power,tenchi 
attacked tokimi,she easily blocked it but was open and ryoko attacked her 
mid-section,tokimi realized this and teleported away,tenchi and ryoko looked 
around to find the godess,suddenly they heard a laugh,ryoko looked up to see 
tokimi coming down to strike ryoko,her light hawk wing's protected her 
barely,with in a few second's tokimis energy sword went threw ryoko's light 
hawk wing's amd stabed ryoko in the heart,tenchi looked in horror as he saw 
ryoko laying on the floor with tokimi looking down,ryoko cough in pain,tenchi 
had run to his love,tokimi saw tenchi running and smiled,she raised her 
energy sword and stabed ryoko several time more to make sure she was 
dead,tenchi had finally made it but tokimi just smiled and vanished,tenchi 
looked down to see ryoko,she was dead,Kiyone dead,Mihoshi dead,Nagi 
dead,Sasami dead,Washu dead,Ayeka dead,an dlast but not least Ryoko 
dead,everyone he held dear to him died,even the death of nagi got him even 
madder,he was the last survivor,but for how long?

tenchi.....ow tenchi....how are you said a mysticle voice

Tokimi,where are you you mass murderer,first jurai,thenthe galaxy police now 
my firends,i wont have any of the crap any more,show your self goddess.said 
tenchi enraged

tokimi appeared and looked at tenchi,his eyes were red from the tears in his 
eyes,tokimi just smiled,tenchi walked closer to ryoko,but to tokimi's suprise 
ryoko was still alive

Te..nchi hear..ta..take these,you..you will need them against 
....her.her.said ryoko barealy gving him her gems

tenchi looked at ryoko she he now had her gems,she slowily closed her eyes 
and died,tenchi looked at the gem and the were put in the tenchi-ken,tenchi 
cracked his neck in determination and turned around to see Tokimi with her 
energy sword out waiting for tenchi,tenchi's anger errupted,tokimi smiled as 
a unusual tyoe of red aura surround tenchi,tokimi just let out a laugh and 
waited to see what th eboy will do,tenchi just looked at tokimi with eye's 
of....of pure hatred,tenchi never hated anyone but tokimi pushed him to 
far,with a might erruption tenchi's three light hawk wings,changed and more 
came out as twenty red light hawk wing's came out,or as washu called them 
Super Light Hawk Wing's,tenchi just looked at tokimi still waiting for 
him,this was going to be the last battle.tokimi smiled and looked at tenchi 
waiting for him.

Boy,your power is nothing to me just give up and suffer a quick and painless 
death.said tokimi

well WOMAN,i say no i am going to stop you righ there nd right now.said 
tenchi chargeing at Tokimi

heheheh come and get me little one,its time fo rme to kill.you siad tokimi. 
still waiting

Tenchi jumped in the air and came down on Tokimi,but she just easily blocked 
it,tenchi stilled tried to kill tokimi,his onslaught of attack had to hi ther 
at least once,Tenchi saw tokimi's mid-section open in a barage of attacks,he 
waited and went stabbed her,Tokimi frowned and backhand tenchi across the 
face,he was sent several feet away.Tokimi looked at her wound,as she look the 
wound healed.she walked slowly to the fallen warrior,tenchi was still on the 
floor,he was about to get up when he felt a foot to the chest put him back 
down,he raised his head to see Tokimi just smileing at him,Tokimi raised he 
energy sword to kill him,the super Light Hawk Wings sheilded tenchi from the 
attack,Tokimi kepy on trying to go threw the wings but it was to no 
avail,tokimi teleported away,and looked at his wings,the wings were strong 
indeed,but could they stop tokimi.

so i see that you are not weak like all the other's,this will be 
intreasting,i am gonna ejony this battle.said tokimi

Tokimi you are not going to leave here alive,i am going to make sure of 
that.said tenchi gritting his teeth at Tokimi

oh is that so,the little boy has a backbone now,impressive,but there's 
something you should know,i havent showed you my true power,and i dont need 
to,but if i must then i am going to show you how weak you really are.said 
tokimi

Tokimi started to glow a whicked blue aura as green and black wings 
appeared,instead of ten now they were twenty wings,the same amount as 
tenchi's wings,but it didnt stop from there,on Tokimi's forhead a symbol 
appeared on her back,the symbol meant Murder,tenchi looked at tokimi who was 
there now glowing waiting for tenchi

whats wrong boy,scared well let me kill you now so i can get this over 
with.said tokimi

Tenchi looked at tokimi,she was extrememly powerful,tenchi got in his battle 
stance and prepared to fight her once again,but he was tireing from the 
battle and Tokimi was fine and ready to go,Tenchi looked as Tokimi took to 
the air,he looked curious then he realized something,she was gonna kill 
him,Tokimi started to make an energy beam of immense power,supriseingly it 
was only the size of a bowling ball,tenchi looked in awe and began to sheild 
him self with the wings,Tokimi laughed at this the beam was so powerful it 
would destroy him and his wings.Tokimi raised her hand and released the 
beam,the beam came close to tenchi,a few feet away when he starte dto have 
flash backs of his friendswhen he first met in the cave,when he met ayeka and 
sasami,when he met mihoshi,washu th eloveable genius,and kiyone,even nagi he 
remembered,he looked at the coming beam and screamed,the beam hit tenchi and 
it exploded,Tokimi smiled as the battle was over,as the smoke cleared she was 
wong,tenchi stood there looking at her,Tokimi gritted her teeth and went back 
to the ground.

not bad boy,but your still nowhere near powerful as me,so dont get your hopes 
up,anyway it is time for me to end this little battle,i grow tired of this 
game.said tokimi

yes lets end this game Tokimi!screamed tenchi chargeing at Tokimi

Tokimi smiled as she saw tenchi chargeing at her,she waited and attacked 
him,but to her suprise he turned around and faced her back,tokimi couldt turn 
around fast enough and was stabed in the back twice,for once tokimi let out a 
scream,tokimi fell to her knee's,tenchi turned around to face her,she got up 
barealy and tenchi sliced heacross the mid-section,she fell back down on her 
knees's,tenchi broaught the tenchi-ken right to tokimi's neck.

go ahead an ddo it boy,it wont matter do you forget i am a godess,go ahead 
and kill me,or try an dkill me anyways.said tokimi

tenchi looked at tokimi who still was smileing,he closed his eyes and swung 
his sword,when he opened his eyes he saw tokimi on the floor with a massive 
cut to her neck,tenchi just waslked away,he beat the godess and now he just 
wanted to go home,he went to ryo-ohki to go home when he heard someone 
laughing faintly

boy where are you going you thought i was lying to you,i cant die,but it is 
time for you to die.said tokimi

Tenchi looked at tokimi,who was healed of every wound,tenchi was a little 
worried,he really thought he could kill her,but he was wrong,tokimi stood 
there.tenchi looked at her and fell to his knee's,he couldnt take it 
anymore,tokimi smiled at this,and came to him.

boy, for the last time just give up,you cant possibly win against the likes 
of me.said tokimi

that maybe be true tokimi but i cant give up,i wont give up,i will never give 
up so if your going to kill me thn do it now.said tenchi

tokimi looked tenchi,what a marvel this boy,he would stand up against a 
godess,he knew he wouldnt win but he tried anyway, that amazed tokimi,she 
smiled as tenchi put his head down in defeat,tenchi felt a sudden 
lightness,he realized that he was being held at the neck by tokimi's hand.

boy,say hello to my sisters and you love for me ok,it wa sintreasting but 
they never stood a chance anyway.said tokimi bring her sword to strikeing 
distance,tenchi looked at tokimi,she was smileing at her own words,tenchi did 
something that caught tokimi off guard,he raised his hand and backhanded her 
face,tokimi let go of her grip and felt something in her chest.it was the 
tenchi-ken.tokimi just looked at tenchi and smiled.

boy,didnt we do this already,i cant be killed so kneel to me before i kill 
you.said tokimi.

no i will never give up tokimi.said tenchi stabbimg tokimi again and again

tokimi just frowned and grew tired of this pathetic little gane,she also 
backhand tenchi,he fell back an dhit the floor,tired and weary he got up to 
see his enemy chargeing at him.tenchi couldnt help it anymore he closed his 
eyes and relaxed,he opened them and started chargeing at tokimi,the two 
warriors had collodied and the waited as only one of the blades connected and 
one just missed,each had there backs toward each other,tenchi looked to see 
his enemy,she as well looked at him but went on one knee,tenchi sighed but 
felt a great amount of pain as he looked down to see a massive amount blood 
leaveing his body,tokimi smiled as she handt been hit at all,she faked it,she 
was a godess and a master of trickery.tenchi fell on the floor,he looked up 
as he saw the godess walking to him.what made it all worse is all his wings 
had disappeared.

its over boy you have faile,didnt i tell you,that you could not beat me,bu 
tno you thought i was kidding.said tokimi laughing

tokimi you..have won,go ahead and kill me just like you killed all the 
innocent people,i dont want to see you anymore,said tenchi

well well boy,do i have a suprise for you that you wont believe.said tokimi

what can you possibly tell me that can make me fell better.said tenchi 
gritting his teeth in pain

i will tell you then,i will only say this once boy so litsen carefuly,i can 
restore the life of everyoen i have killed,but what will i get in return.said 
tokimi laughing at him

you mean you can revive everyone you have killed,but why did you kill them in 
the first place.said tenchi

yes i can revive everyone,the reason why i killed them is because they dont 
deserve to live,they dont appreciate what has been given to them so i have 
taken it away from them there life,i was going to kill your plant,for i knew 
my sisters were here,then you stood up against me,even when i killed all of 
your friends you still decided to fight me,it intrigued me to say the 
least.said tokimi

so this was a game?said tenchi

in a way yes,what i already proved you cant defeat me,and i havent showed you 
all of my power that was just a sample.said tokimi

so now what,just kill me.said tenchi

no boy,you have proved yourself that the universe deserves to live,there FATE 
was sealed but you stood up against all the odds.said tokimi

woth a wave of her hand one by one his friends were restored,but disappeared 
into nothingness,all that was left was tokimi and tenchi

where did they go tokimi.said tenchi

Tenchi Masaki litsen to me,when i send you back to earth only you will 
remember this,even Godess Washu and Godess Tsunami wont remember this,only 
you will,the jurai empire and the galaxy police have been restored,here 
tenchi here is the portal to go home,when you go home you will be in the past 
before any of this ever happened.said tokimi

tenchi looked at tokimi who smiled at him,tenchi just put onm a sigh of 
relief,then it hit him,he was also healed,no marks or anything were on 
him,tokimi just left,tenchi faced the portal,he looked at it knowing when he 
gets hime only he will remember that but what about the connection between 
him and ryoko?,is she were to ask he would just say it was a dream,he walked 
in the portal.there was a bright light and then,tenchi realized where he 
was,he was back home.

Tenchi and Ryoko were haveing a sitting next to a tree to see the lake,it was 
beautiful,a site that the both enjoyed alot .

say tenchi do you believe in Fate.asked Ryoko

hmmm ryoko thats an intreastin question,its a question that well never 
know.lets go inside ok.said tenchi getting up and wlking with ryoko to the 
house.

they both went in the house,and only tenchi knew what happend,and it was best 
that they never found out.

Tenchi you have done well,you have proved that these people have the right to 
live,there Fate has been saved,but it dosent matter,i let you live boy,i dont 
know why but i feel that you deserved it,hehehe i will be back so dont 
shocked when you see me again,but that wont be for a while,boy wait and see 
just wait and see.said tokimi laying in her throne in the place only know to 
the three godess.

                                         
                                                                                    
The End            


Legal Disclaimer: ok the charcter of tenchi muyo belong to AIC and pioneer,i 
do not own these charcters at all so 
the story was mine and thats it so there,the is Divine Death Dragon signing 
out.comments are EXTREMELY appreciated,i truely want to know what you think.i 
need to know please.e-mail me at EDKID2L@AOL.COM 
                                                             FATE

