Standard Disclaimer: The characters appearing within are the property of AIC

and Pioneer, and are used without permission. Please don't sue. I am not
making any money on this, and it's done out of love for the show.

Thanks to Bryan Weber for not saying anything about me taking his disclaimer

and of course M.C.L. to all the Juggalos and Ninjas reading my stories. Oh
and M.C.L. to the Cobras, X-men and Counts and everybody with clown love.
>:~)

******************************************************************************

The "Zyklon's" engines roared and then softened into a light purr as the
group started to make their way into the palace. *whissh* Ryoko fell to her
back and started to bleed from her mouth.

"Tenchi......"

The group crowded around Ryoko with the exception of Mihoshi, Kiyone and
Mikado who all had their guns drawn and were scanning for the assailant.

"Tenchi......I'm gonna die aren't I?"

"Don't talk like that Ryoko you'll be fine."

Tenchi picked Ryoko up and held her for a second.

"Don't worry Ryoko we'll get you back to the ship."

As Tenchi carried Ryoko to the ship he could feel her tears on his shoulder
and he knew that she was going to die.

"That right Tenchi! It's over for her!"

Jynx stood in front of "Zyklon's" doors. Leaning against the sturdy metal
wall he didn't give any token of concern or remorse for what he did. He had
his hands in his coat pockets and when he drew one out he tossed a small
blowgun to Tenchi's feet. Then he smiled and drew his sword.

"Oh.....Tenchi I've been waiting a while to fight you. The boy who killed
Kagato. See there is a difference in our fighting style's. You have a hole
in
your moves. I do not."

"Jynx. Why? What are you trying to prove?"

"I think you already know that. I want my world returned to me. The throne
really belongs to me, and not my dear sisters. See I could just pick them
both off real easily but I think that would just be the easy way."

"Jynx. You've changed. Your sick! Your twisted and have become no more than
a
cold person."

"And proud of it. Makido, why stay with these humans. We are gods among men.

This whole universe could be ours."

"Jeremy....I fell in love with a human. I couldn't see them destroyed.
Besides, I know why you want me to fight along side of you. You can still
die. I can't. Only way you kill me is if I get old. Even after that I can't
die. I just live forever in a different body. Yeah I learned what I am and
what I can do."

"Fine. But Makido try to understand I too fell in love with a human once. I
know how you feel. I know it feels good to be with another person. I tried
to
love.....it didn't work out the first time. For any of our people. But
that's
not to say that I'm alone. I do have a love. She's in my ship right now. I
think you all know each other. Heh. She doesn't have the slightest idea of
what's going on but I'm sure she'll be very happy that I've taken over
Jurai."

"Washu......."

"Bingo! Well no sense on dragging this out. Tenchi! Bring it!"

Jynx drew his sword as Tenchi laid Ryoko on the ground. Makido was there to
carry her into "Zyklon". She was bleeding a lot. Makido was amazed to say
the
least that so much blood could be produced from a blowgun.

"Makido, listen. I know I'm going to die. So do me a quick favor. Tell
Tenchi
I still love him."

"Actually Ryoko I don't think your gonna die. I think your very drained from

blood loss and if I can stop that you should be OK in a few days. So don't
say your goodbyes yet."

Ryoko smiled at Makido and then relaxed her body as Makido went to try and
stop the blood. Outside the fight was insane. Tenchi was fighting furiously
but Jynx was acting pretty laid back. Tenchi made very strong swipes but
everyone cut only air. After a little while Tenchi started to grow weary.

"Ha, see Tenchi you're no match for me."

Jynx drew his sword back and started to take furious slashes at Tenchi's
chest. A few connected and after about 10 slashes Jynx came down on Tenchi's

head with the handle of his sword. Tenchi became very dazed and Jynx took
the
opportunity and gave him a quick kick under the chin. This kick was very
powerful and it sent Tenchi flying back onto his back.

"Ok, this isn't even fun anymore. MAKIDO! MAKIDO! I WANT YOU TO SEE HOW EASY

IT IS TO KILL A HUMAN. ONCE YOU SEE YOU'LL RECONSIDER MY OFFER."

Jynx pulled his sword back and held a pose so Tenchi could see the light
shine off the blade. Then he jabbed Tenchi in the leg. Now he had nothing to

stand on. Again and again he jabbed at Tenchi stabbing his arms. Leaving him

immobile. About this time Ayeka walked out of the "Zyklon" to see the
battle.

"Hazaka. Kamadake. Attack Jynx!"

The large wooden logs hovered towards Jynx very quickly and powered up there

weapons.
*sssshhhhhhhhtttt* Both logs fell to the ground as Jynx spun around with his

blade outstretched to meet them. The 4 pieces of wood and metal fell to the
ground in a soft thump and Jynx just brushed it off like nothing happened.
Ayeka couldn't believe it. Inside the "Zyklon" their was a sharp scream and
everyone knew it was Ryoko. After a few pants of pain the fight resumed.
Really it was just Jynx kicking Tenchi in the side and Tenchi trying to
scramble away. A sharp sound pierced the air and Ryoko walked out of the
"Zyklon" with a mechanical arm. Behind her Makido walked out with blood on
his shirt and jeans.

"Jynx......leave Tenchi alone!"

Ryoko ran towards Jynx and a long blade flipped out of her new arm. Makido
went to get Tenchi out of the way.

"Makido? How?"

"Heh....I'm just good. Kinda hard to tell the difference huh?"

"Yeah. Good job."

Ryoko made her slashes and hit Jynx a few times.

"Ryoko! The heart! You have to pierce the heart!"

"Gotcha."

Ryoko made a quick thrust for the heart but missed. As she flowed downward
Jynx swung downward and hit Ryoko across the neck with the broad side of his

sword. Then he himself fell to his knees. A small knife in his heart. Makido

walked over his dying ex-partner and started to stare in pity.

"Jeremy. You forgot one thing. K was good but who taught him how to use
knives?"

Jynx became wide eyed. He pulled the knife out of his chest and sliced his
wrist. He grabbed Makido's arm and cut it just deep enough to let blood
flow.
He put the bloody wrist to the Makido's wound and pressed them together very

hard.

"Makido...now. You are the King of Jurai. I didn't really want it. I just
wanted to be known once again as Prince Jeremy Jurai........."

Jynx let out a quick breath and died. No one mentioned what happened but
they
all knew it was true. Makido was the new King of Jurai. Ayeka started to
tear
up a little but she did her best to hold it back. On the way back to Earth
Washu joined Tenchi and her friends. While Makido was driving "Zyklon" with
Kiyone and Mihoshi, Mihoshi couldn't help but stare at the deep wound.

"Hey Mihoshi."

"Huh? Yes?"

"Could I talk to you for a second?"

Mihoshi and Makido went into the main hall and talked for a little bit but
through the conversation Mihoshi still couldn't help but to stare at the
bloody arm.

"Mihoshi. Know somethin'?"

"What?"

"You know. You are beautiful."

"Huh?"

"I said your..."

Mihoshi pushed Makido against the wall with her weight and pressed her lips
to his. Their kiss lasted for several minutes. Then Ayeka and Sasami walked
in and spoiled the moment.

"Um Makido?"

"Huh? Oh Sasami, Ayeka. Hi."

"Hi."

"Uh, hello Makido. If it's ok we would like top speak to yo of what happened

today and last night."

"Sure."

"Um. You do know that you now have the most political power in the universe
right?"

"Yup."

"Well...."

"Don't worry Ayeka. Chances are I'll retire the throne on the first week."

"What?! Why?"

"Don't need it."

"But....."

"Listen. I have no right to rule Jurai. I'm not even Jurian."

"Yes. You are. When the wound heals your blood will fuse with Jynx's. You'll

be Jurian and the King of Jurai."

"Ayeka. If he doesn't want the throne he doesn't have to take it. You'll be
in power."

"No she won't. She needs to marry first."

Makido and Mihoshi walked back to the bridge and the next morning "Zyklon's"

direction was changed and set for Jurai.

"What the hell? Who the fuck changed the directions!"

"I did. Makido if your going to do something yo have to do it now! Jurai
needs a leader."

"Ayeka........."

To Be Continued...
