Standard Disclaimer: I have nothing to do with the Tenchi Muyo! Series or
any company. I just write cuz I'm bored and I can.

Thank You: Thank you, Juggalos, Serial Killaz, Ninja, Pro Wrestlers, Dead
People All Around The World, All My Friends and Who Ever The Fuck Started
The
Tenchi Muyo! Series And Of Course To The Guy Who First Said Fuck. Oh And My
Readerz Are All Right 2.

".....stop this! You know you can't beat me! Why you attacked is beyond me
but please stop before I have to kill you."

"Never! Your mine!"

The two fighters were battling against the purple walls and tiled floors.
Blasters firing and swords swinging.

"Why won't you just quit?"

"I have to kill you. It's my duty!"

"Please. Put your gu-...."

The warrior once named Makido fell to the ground. Dead at the feet of his
killer. Mihoshi.

"Huh!?"

Makido suddenly sat up in his bed covered in a cold sweat.

"Oh hell. A dream. That was fucking terrible."

A small sound was coming outside of his room. A quiet knocking and a sobbing

noise.

"Makido....Makido. Please wake up."

Makido finally fully woke up and opened the doors. Sasami was there crying.

"You alright Sasami?"

"I-I had a nightmare."

"Heh. Me too."

"Can I sleep here tonight?"

"Sure."

Makido flipped a small switch on his wall and a small bed folded out of the
wall.

"Are you alright?"

"Yes. Makido what was your dream about?"

"Huh? Oh. I was fighting and lost, got killed."

"..who were you fighting?"

"Mihoshi."

"Why?"

"I dunno. I think she attacked me first. And the floor gave way under one of

my feet and while I was slipping she shot me and that was it."

"Then what happened?"

"You knocked on my door."

"Was that in your dream? Or for real?"

"For real. You get nightmares a lot don't you?"

"Yes."

"Oh, I'm sorry. Bet that's tough."

"Yeah. It's kinda scary but I don't get ‘em every night."

"Well that improves your situation huh? Ya know Sasami. It's really late.
Try
goin' back to sleep."

"Ok. Good night Makido."

"Night."

The next morning Makido woke up really early. First thing he did was go out
of the palace walls and into the town. A spell he picked up from Jynx let
him
disguise himself so he could move about freely. He seemed to lie walking
about the town. He thought it made him a better emperor even if it was only
going to be for a short time.

"Good day."

"Good day."

"Um....what kind of soups do you have today....."

Makido's morning went on a lot like that most everyday. When he got pack to
the palace he had with him a small roll of iron. Later that day a great loud

pounding could be heard throughout the palace. In his room Makido had the
roll of iron in his fist and was viciously slugging a tile with all his
strength. The tile cracked and eventually broke. Under the tile was a small
steel box. Sasami walked in the room with Mihoshi and Kiyone. When they came

in they were all facing Makido's back and he was on a knee holding the box.

"Makido? What're you doing?"

"Uh. Mihoshi. Kiyone. Hi."

"What's in that box?"

"Heh, I'll show you."

Makido started to open the box but it was locked. A quick punch took care of

that real fast though. When the box was opened it held a small gun and a
cape.

"I just found this."

"What? An old gun and a cape?"

"Yes...this gun has unlimited bullets and instantly kills anything it hits.
Even if it just gazes the hand. That's it your dead."

"Wow. Did you hear that Kiyone!?"

"Yes...that's very..amazing. What about the cape?"

"....just a cape."

"That's it?"

"Yeah, it's only significance is that the first emperor wore this the day he

was killed."

"Makido. These belong in a museum."

"Heh. Don't think so. Mine now."

Kiyone gave an angry look at Makido.

"Ok,ok. I'll give up the cape but I'm keeping the gun."

"Alright."

"Hmmm. So what you doin' here?"

"Just came to see how your doing."

"Huh. Well. I'm aight I guess. How about you?"

"Fine....little worried but alright."

"What about?"

"Well, your leaving Jurai soon right?"

"That's the plan."

"Well what do you plan to do after all this?"

"Go home."

"Oh Makido. Why do you wanna go back to Japan? Or Earth for that much?"

"Why not? Suit's me fine. Always has."

After a little bit of small talk the head noble walked in.

"Emperor Makido. We need to have a word with right away."

"Um, ok. Guess I gatta split. I'll talk to you after this meeting aight."

"Ok. Bye."

Makido made his way to the conference room. The noble left half way there as

he remembered that Sasami was also needed.

"Alright gentleman. What's the problem?"

"Well this is your last week in power. We looked over the charter and we
can't appoint Princess Sasami to the throne until she's married. To that
she's too young to be married."

"I see. Well what to you propose we do?"

"We suggest you stay in power."

"Out of the question."

"Why? You've done a good job so far."

"No, I haven't done anything."

"True but that does help. At least you didn't start any wars."

"So? I'm not fit for this title. I'm not even a natural Jurai."

"Yes, yes you are. Now you may not know this but in all actuality you are
Jeremy Jurai's son."

"Impossible."

"How so?"

"I'm a Makibi. Not a Jurai."

"Well then you turn your back to your heritage?"

Sasami was standing in the door way. She's ben listening in to the whole
conversation but didn't make any mention of her presence.

"I have none here! Why can't you understand that I am a Makibi!  My sister
and girlfriend wait in my room right now. That is prof enough. To that I
have
a mark on my side to prove that I'm not even from this planet!"

"Would you mind proving this?"

"Not at all!"

Makido lifted his shirt to reveal an intricate design on his side that was
obviously not a scar or tattoo but instead a birthmark.

"Princess Sasami."

"Makido.....is it true? We're not really related are we?"

"Sasami, you've known that for a while. Maybe you forgot, Jeremy cut my arm
and cut his. Grabbed my arm and let his blood flow in my arm."

"I ...I didn't forget. I just wanted to."

"Meetings over. C'mon Sasami."

Makido left the room with Sasami as the nobles were shouting at him. Makido
took Sasami out to a garden/field. Sasami has been there many times before
with Ayeka. Basically they just walked.

"Sasami. Why are trying to block out the truth?"

"Because I don't want it to be true."

"But you know it's right."

"Yes."

"Then why fight it?"

"I dunno."

"............hhmmm. Are you afraid of something?"

".......yes."

"Heh, what?"

"Well your leaving. Tenchi's not around. I've well become accustomed to
having a big brother around."

"Mmhhmm."

"What?"

"Nothing, just thinking. Anyways Sasami it's not like I'm dying or leaving
for good."

"I know but it won't be the same."

"Yeah, I know. Well...what d'ya want me to do?"

"What?"

"Ya heard me. It's up to you."

"....I want you to stay."

"Ok. I'm still leaving the throne though."

"Why!? Why do want t leave so much?"

"I don't Sasami but sometimes....ugh, why does this have to be so hard to
explain? Alright, I'll have to explain this as simply as possible. I'm
homesick."

"You're homesick? Well....I guess I can understand that."

"But....I suppose...I can stay."

"Really?!"

"Sure."

Sasami giggled a little and squeezed Makido tightly.

"Ugh, easy Sasami."

Mihoshi and Kiyone caught up with them.

"Makido...the nobles are really mad at you."

"Yup."

"Um, they asked us to escort you to the conference room."

"Heh, I thought I was supposed to escort you."

Mihoshi started to blush. Makido just smiled at her reaction. He took her
arm
and they all walked to the conference room.

"Finally. Shall we?"

"If I no longer desire the throne and Princess Sasami can't have it yet. Who

gets it?"

"Well, if our records are correct and they always are, a Mister Tenchi
Masaki
would claim the throne."

"Well then, prepare my ship. I'm heading to Tokyo to speak with Mr. Masaki.
I
believe the princess will also be joining me. I don't think she'll have any
objections."

"Fine, on one condition."

"Which is?"

"The galactic police will be with you, we don't want you running off."

"Alright. Agreed. Now I must set off."

"One more thing. If you do try to escape. They have orders to kill."

"Doesn't scare me a bit."

As the ship was prepared to take off Makido started to debrief the situation

to everyone.

"Well, we're going to Earth."

"Really?!"

"Mihoshi, we already knew that."

"We did?"

"Ugh......anyways why are we going?"

"The nobles want to make sure I don't abandon the throne without a successor

ready. So your orders from the nobles are to kill if I try."

"And Sasami?"

"She's coming too."

"OK lets go!"

The trip to Earth was a very uneventful one to say the least. As a matter of

fact it was pretty boring. When they landed on Earth the group filed out and

took the journey to Tenchi's apartment. When they arrived Sasami became very

excited. Makido did the ‘honors' of knocking on the door. No answer. He
knocked again and an old lady poked her head out of the appartment window
next to Tenchi's.

"Hey. You looking for that young fellow?"

"Yup."

"He's at school. Come to think of it why arn't you all in school."

"Well we don't live in this city. It's kind of a vacation."

"Whatever....kids."

The old lady went back into her house.

"Well now what?"

"I dunno...I got 1 o'clock. So schools not gonna be out for a while yet."

"Lets go see the town."

"Mihoshi, we have to wait for Tenchi."

"C'mon Kiyone. We got time."

"....Ok, but I don't feel good about this."

The group walked the streets. Looking into different shops, carnivals,
pretty
much everything.

"Hey Mihoshi, what time ya got. My watch stopped a while ago."

"4"

"4! C'mon. We're terribly behind schedule!"

"Kiyone....chill out huh?"

They made their way back to Tenchi's apartment knocked on the door but this
time Tenchi was home.

"Ye-oh hi everybody."

"Tenchi. Hi."

"Hello."

"Hi."

"Hey."

"Um, what're you guys doing here?"

"Well there's a little trouble on Juri that uh...ugh how do I put this. Ok.
Remember when I took the throne I said I would only take it for a little bit

and then hand it over to Sasami?"

"Yeah."

"Well, times up and Sasami can't take the throne because she's not married.
So, I'm still gonna retire the throne and your next in succession. Se the
basic deal is, you want the throne?"

"What!"

"Do-you-want-the-throne?"

"Not really. I mean I'd rather stay here."

"Aight."

"Who's gonna take the throne now?"

"Got me. I don't think anyone knows."

"What about Ayeka?"

"What about her?"

"Can't she take the throne?"

"She doesn't want it, besides, she's not married either and...well don't ask

me how it works."

"Well.....uh..I don't know. Can I have some time to think about it?"

"Sure. No problem. Just let one of us know when you've decided. Eh, I'm
gonna
take off, go see my friends and stuff."

"Ok."

Makido left the apartment building but Sasami and the others stayed there.
Makido went back to his old hangout. Which was basically the video arcade.
When he got there his friends were all sitting at a table talking about a
fight. Makido snuck up behind his best friend, Yoshida. He snuck up behind
him.

"Hey look Makido's back."

Yoshida spun around.

"Makido!"

The rest of the group quickly joined the reunion.

"Man where have you been?"

"Jurai. I'm like royalty now. Like the Emperor."

"Bull shit."

"No joke?"

"No joke. I'm leaving the office this week but I'm staying there as a high
officer."

"You know what's been going on here?"

"No, why don't you tell me."

"Well Renzo got wasted."

"By who?"

"Don't know but we think it was Yoshio."

"Why would he off Renzo?"

"We don't know. Ya know I sense that you've changed somehow."

"Dude, I can see."

"Man...you've changed quite a bit."

"Just on the outside. Anyways what are you plannin' to do?"

"Whatd'ya think?"

"Off Yoshio?"

"Bingo."

"Who's gonna do it though?"

"Quit your whining Johnny. I'll do it. I'll kill Yoshio."

"Eheh thanks Makido but we can't let you so that. Your royalty now."

"I'm still a Mörder. Let me fight him."

"I dunno, huddle. Ok you can fight him. If you lose you know what happens."

"Yup."

"This is gonna be a pit fight. No running."

"Perfect."

Right then Sasami caught up. She'd been following him all the way and he
never noticed.

"Makido! No! Don't fight anybody!"

"Sasami?"

"Sasami what are you doing here?"

"I followed you."

"Sasami. You know you shouldn't be walking around here by yourself."

"Hey Makido who's that your girlfriend?"

The group started to laugh.

"Very funny. It's my sister, Sasami."

"Makido don't fight anyone. I don't want you to get hurt."

"Heh, bust. Hey I guess I'll see you guys later."

Makido and Sasami walked out of the arcade and into the streets to talk and
get something to eat.

"Sasami, why are you worried about me fighting?"

"I dunno. I just have this feeling."

"...your scared again aren't you?"

"..............."

"Well?"

"......yes."

"Oh, Sasami don't worry quite so much."

"I can't help it!"

"Sasami....ok, listen....."

Makido looked into Sasami's eyes and saw the tears threatening to come out.

".....fine, I won't fight."

"Really!?"

"Yes, really."

Sasami jumped up and once again squeezed Makido as tightly as she could.

"Ugh Sasami. Please let me breathe."

"Hehe, sorry."

"Sallright. Finish your meal huh?"

"Ok."

The rest of the night went by pretty uneventfully except when Makido told
the
guys that he was not going to fight. It resulted in a lot

happened. When his door shut a commotion was quick to begin.

"What was that?"

"Who's his brother?"

"Who was that man?"

"HHMMHH! There now that I have your attention I can explain what all that
was."

Washu stood with the eyes and ears of everyone.

"Ok, that man was Rezno. He's a space pirate like Ryoko but he retired a
long
time ago. I kinda thought he was dead. Oh well, he is now."

"What was all that foggy stuff?"

"Good question Sasami. That was planet power. What Makido used were two
moves
called Juri's Needle and Earth Shock. Both are extremely powerful and deadly

but are almost impossible to master. Psy powers are used to move things with

your mind, and tell the future. To tell you the truth I haven't seen anyone
who could use them all let alone two."

"How did he learn that?"

"I can't say. Even I don't have that sort of power. He had one thing right.
It seems that not even Tenchi could kill him. I hear that the power comes
from rage and sorrow. Raw emotions."

"So Makido's always mad or sad?"

"I think so, but he doesn't seem to be."

"...maybe I should talk to him."

"No. Sasami I think it would be best to leave him alone after a fight like
that."

During the conversation Mihoshi snuck away to see Makido. When she got to
his
room she knocked on his door.

"Makido? Can I come in?"

"Sure."

Mihoshi came in and laid down next to Makido in his bed.

"Makido, are you alright?"

"I'm fine. Little upset but I'll be fine."

"Washu told us what happened."

"Weren't you there?"

"I think so but I don't think anyone really understood."

"Well then I'm glad Washu explained it. I don't think I can."

"......Makido. What's gonna happen when all this is over?"

".....hhmmm. Heh, I don't know."

"Will you stay with me?"

"......Mihoshi..........I don't know. I want to but....I don't know how I
can
just like up and leave everything."

"I understand."

Mihoshi nestled closer to Makido and fell asleep. After a little time passed

Makido fell asleep as well.

The next day when Mihoshi and Makido woke up the ship was moving again.

"Huh? Makido, are we moving?"

"....yeah. We are."

"Alright! We'll be on Jurai in no time."

"It'll still be a few days."

"Why?"

"The drives not right. It'll be real slow so it be best if I man the weapons

for a while."

"Oh.....Makido...what are you thinking?"

"Nothing really."

"....Makido........."

"Mihoshi, I love you."

Makido's words caught Mihoshi off guard.

"Wha-? Oh Makido!"

Mihoshi jumped up and tackled Makido. Putting all her weight on him he fell
to his back on the bed again.

"Heh...Mihoshi..."

They held a passionate kiss for several seconds until Sasami walked in. She
blushed a little and walked out. Sasami went to the mess hall to start
breakfast. On the bridge a lot of loud noises went off and lights started to

flash frantically.

"What going on?"

Makido broke the kiss and jumped to the bridge. He set up visual and weapons

as fast as he could. A communication signal came through. On it Ryoko was
with Ayeka on Ryo-ohki.

"Now did you really think that you could leave me behind?"

"Ryoko....go away."

"Why should I? Where's Tenchi?"

"...he's dead. I killed him. Just because you interrupted me."

"I know your kidding so I'm not gonna destroy your ship."

"Whatever. Hold on a sec I'll get ‘em."

When Tenchi came back he almost took off running.

"Tenchi!"

"Ahhh Ryoko! Ayeka!"

"Hey I'm taking off let me know if something goes wrong."

Makido left Tenchi to talk to Ryoko and Ayeka and he went back to kissing
Mihoshi.

"Tenchi....can we come on the ship?"

"Uh, I don't know hold on one second. Hey Ma.."

"Yes! I don't care just keep it down."

Ryoko and Ayeka came aboard the ship.

"Hey Tenchi!"

Ryoko lunged at Tenchi and grabbed him around the neck.

"Hello Lord Tenchi. Um, not that I don't trust you but I don't really trust
Makido. May I see Sasami?"

"Sure. She's in the mess hall. Right down that hall."

"Thank you."

"Ryoko please let go of my neck."

Ayeka was walking down the hall. She was calling for Sasami but instead
walked in on Makido and Mihoshi. When she walked in Makido and Mihoshi were
once again locked in a kiss. Makido's hands were moving up and down across
Mihoshi's sides. Like Sasami did earlier she blushed a little and walked
out.
Eventually she found Sasami in the kitchen. She wasn't cooking but more day
dreaming.

"Hello Sasami."

"Ayeka!"

"Sasami. I kinda assumed you'd be cooking. I thought Makido might have been
a
bad influence on you."

"Well....I was just thinking."

"About?"

"......well I think you've seen too from the way your blushing."

"Seen what?"

Ayeka turned away and blushed more.

"Ayeka you blush like that whenever your around Tenchi, admit it you saw
Makido and Mihoshi."

"Yes. I did. However we must keep our minds on track of the current
situations."

"Like?"

"Being proper like princess' and keeping face."

"Oh. Ayeka....will I ever find anyone who loves me like Makido loves
Mihoshi?"

"Oh course Sasami. But you're a child still, you have al your life too worry

about such things."

"Alright. Ayeka have you ever liked someone like that. Except for Tenchi I
mean."

".....not really."

Makido walked in the room, as calm as ever.

"Hi Ayeka. How ya doin'?"

"I-I'm fine."

"Glad to hear it. Oh and I know you both walked in when I was with Mihoshi,
if it starts to bother you let me know aight."

"Ok...."

"Fine. Makido if you can I'd like to have a word with you."

"Alright, what about."

"Uh, I'd rather not discuss it in front of Sasami."

"Mmm, ok. C'mon I'll give you a tour of my ship."

As Makido walked Ayeka around the ship she talked about her problems. She
spoke of him and Mihoshi, she told him what happened on Earth since he'd
last
been there as far as she knew. She commented on how Sasami was acting among
other things.

"Well, how eventful your life has become."

"In deed. I wish it weren't."

"Do you really? Or do you say that because your confused?"

"Wha......I suppose your right."

"Always am."

"You know Makido I hate to admit it but I think you've done a good job of
looking after her."

"Glad I have your approval."

"Hmm. However, I don't think it appropriate to start kissing Mihoshi the way

you do in front of her."

"I don't. She walked in my room."

"...I see. Is she still having nightmares?"

"Yes, but not as often. Actually I don't know why your so concerned about
it.
Everyone get's nightmares."

"Yes but her's are very bad. She tends to wake me up crying."

"That's a problem? She wakes me up too but it never bothers me. I understand

that dreams can be scary. I think you forgot that."

"...I suppose I have."

"Besides I don't think a child her age should have to....I dunno act so
mature. She acts too strong too often. I think it's good that she can cry
every so often. I get the notion that also forgot what that's like. To have
to actually fear for your safety."

"I think your right about Sasami. However I think you don't seem to know the

constant threat I'm under from Ms. Ryoko."

"And frankly I don't give a good god damn. I know that Ryoko isn't gonna do
anything drastic unless you do it first. In which case, you'd lose."

"...hhmph."

Ayeka crossed her arms and sped up to get away from Makido. He made no
attempt to stop her. Ayeka just kept walking faster until she literally
bumped into Kiyone.

"Oh, I'm sorry Ms. Kiyone. I suppose I just wasn't paying attention."

"Eh, it's alright Ayeka. Why were you walking so fast?"

"Just trying to get away form Makido."

"Well, he doesn't seem to be following you. I don't think he's the type of
person to chase after anyone. Seems to be a little cold. Even to me."

"Is he nice to anyone?"

"Yes, he seems to like Washu, Mihoshi and Sasami alright. I think he has
some
sort of inner-rivalry with Tenchi. He just doesn't talk to Ryoko. I can't
figure that one out. I'd assume they'd have a lot to talk about."

"....something doesn't seem right. I don't know what though."

".....hmm."

Kiyone once again started on her way. Back on the bridge yet another fight
was about to break out. When Sasami went there to tell Tenchi and Ryoko
dinner was ready she found Ryoko preparing to fight a boy who didn't seem to

be any older than Tenchi.

"Hey, I know you! You're the guy from the arcade."

"Hey kid. Beat it. I know Makido don't want you hurt so go hide some where
while I take out this demon."

"Demon? Oh you mean Ryoko."

"Hmmm, Sasami since you know who this is you wanna ask him why he's on the
ship?"

"Yeah that's a good question..."

"I'm lookin' for Makido."

"It's alright Ryoko he's one of Makido's friends."

"Yeah, I'm Yoshida."

"Yoshida? What happened to you?"

"Got in a fight, you could say it was a tie. He's dead but I'm disfigured."

"Oh man. How's Sakuya?"

"Fine as far as I know. Look where's Makido at?"

"I don't know...last I saw he was with Ayeka.....I'll check his room."

Sasami went off to check Makido's room in hopes of seeing him and Mihoshi
kissing again. Seeing them together made her feel strange. She felt happy
and
sad all at the same time. She was happy that Makido and Mihoshi even with
her
terrible luck found someone to love. Also she seemed happy in a way she
couldn't understand. At the same time she was sad. She wondered if she'd
ever
find anyone to love. Also she was saddened because when they were together
Makido seemed to forget her all at once. She was afraid that if Tenchi ended

up with Ayeka that they'd both leave her. When she got there she found
Mihoshi sitting on his bed crying.

"Mihoshi. Are you alright?"

"Yes, I'm fine."

"Why are you crying?"

"I don't know....."

Mihoshi started to sob more and hugged Sasami tightly.

"Mihoshi........."

"...I-I'm sorry Sasami. I can't help it."

"It's ok, but why are you so sad?"

"I'm not. I-I'm happy. No guy's ever really loved me. Most guys stay away
from me, they say I'm clumsy and bubble-headed and....it hurts."

"I'm sorry."

"...then I met Makido. When we met he was blind so I know he's not just with

me because he thinks I'm cute. You know we usually don't kiss like that.
Usually we just talk. We talk for hours and eventually I fall asleep and
wake
up in his bed and find him on a couch or something. Sasami....I think I
wanna
get married to your brother."

Now Sasami knew her worst fears were coming true but she held her true
feelings back.

"Mihoshi I'm so happy for you."

Mihoshi hugged Sasami again.

"Speaking of which. Do you know where he is?"

"No, why is he missing?"

"Yeah, one of his friends snuck on the ship and is looking for him."

"Oh....let's go find ‘em."

Mihoshi and Sasami went through the ship until they found him talking to
Kiyone in the mess hall.

"Makido...I don't understand. I know that you don't see a reason but I think

if someone killed one of my family members I'd try to kill them."

"Well, that's why we're different. I don't think Kagato had a reason to do
what he did. Actually if Tenchi didn't kill him I would have done it
myself."

"Makido, that's just not right. He's family even if he was evil. Even though

we both know it's wrong I'd still think you'd try to kill Tenchi."

"No, I'm not one to start a fight unless its necessary. However....I believe

a time will eventually come when Tenchi and I will fight. But, I know if we
do fight more people will die than just us as a result."

"How dy'a mean?"

"Well I figure as soon as I try to kill Tenchi Ayeka and Ryoko would
interfere and will die."

"......I suppose."

"But I wouldn't worry about such things."

"Mmhhmmm."

"Hey Makido there's some guy on the bridge named Yoshida. He was about to
fight Ryoko."

"Ok."

Makido went to the bridge to find his friend fighting with Ryoko. Instead of

saying anything he summoned Jurai's needle and zipped in between them. As
the
blast barley missed their faces they turned to see where the laser came
from.

"I think that's enough huh?"

"Hey Makido listen. The whole gang....dead."

"Drive by?"

"No some guy just came in and killed all of ‘em. Sliced ‘em up good.
Almost
killed me but I shot ‘em and he disappeared in smoke. I think he's dead."

"Get his name?"

"No, but he was askin' a lot of questions about you."

"What'd he look like?"

"Tall, looked younger than me, or maybe a little older. Strong too but he
looked real smart. Kinda had the starry look to him, like you do."

"Well, don't know what you mean by ‘starry' but if you saw him again wold
you
know it?"

"Let me see a guy killed all our friends and scarred me for life. Yeah I
think I'll get his face burned in my mind."

Makido reached into his back pocket and pulled his wallet out.

"This him?"

"Dude yeah. Who is he?"

".....my brother. Kagato."

"What?"

Ryoko lunged forward and held her blade to Makido's neck. Yoshida drew his
gun and put it to her head.

"Problem?"

"Kagato was an evil man...he tried to kill us all."

"Yeah, so? I don't condone what he did but I can't deny the fact that we're
blood. Now I suggest you put your blade down before you get wasted."

Ryoko thought for a second then Tenchi kinda lightly pushed her wrist down.

"....smart. See there's a reason that Yoshida is still alive. He never
misses."

"...................neither do I Makido. Neither do I."

Ryoko left the room as Tenchi talked to Yoshida and Makido about what
happened. Although she didn't like Ryoko knew that she might have to ask
Washu for a little bit of help. Ryoko searched the ship for a little bit and

found Washu with Ayeka and Mihoshi.

"Um....Washu...can I ask your advise on something? You know like talk to you

privately?"

"Hmm, of course."

Ryoko and Washu walked out of the room for a ‘mother-daughter talk'
probably
their first one.

"I need to ask you a question. Well....I just found out that Makido's
brother
is Kagato."

"I know."

"We-what? You knew? For how long?"

"All long. It's really obvious if you look at it. Any ways what do you wanna

know?"

"Well, what should I do?"

"About what? Makido hasn't done anything. Believe me I think he could. I
know
he could easily kill Kagato. To tell you the truth I've known Makido since
he
was just a little kid. That's why he likes me and not you. Besides, I'm also

a real cutie-pie."

" Why doesn'
