Forces of Kagato

By Sean Thibaudeau


Notes from the author:

This takes place in the OVA timeline, about a year after the series ends. In 
"forces," Kiyone is present, I do not want to get into a whole story of her 
arrival, so just don't be surprised when she is there. I also spelled her 
name wrong throughout the whole thing (whoopsie!). I didn't include Mayuka 
because I feel that's whole other timeline, you know? Tenchi is my favorite 
anime series, I am actually not a big anime fan but the ones that I do 
watch, I LOVE. This is my first fanfic so don't go too ballistic on me if I 
screw up. Enjoy.

Oh yeah, all characters are trademarks of Pioneer, yadda yadda.


Prologue:

The lights in the lab energized, flashing on Ryoko's face. She slowly opens 
her eyes and takes a look around. Not that there is much to look at, even 
with the lights, the room is still very dim. She is lying in a sarcophagus 
type container rigged up to a large machine and another container, empty. By 
the time Ryoko figures out what is going on, Kagato enters from out of the 
shadow. Though under his power, Ryoko wants nothing more to just curse him 
out, but she is paralyzed as he approaches.  He smiles and gives a large 
switch on the machine a pull. The machine charges up. Ryoko begins to scream 
as huge amounts of energy surge in and out of her body. Her screams are 
silent, as the glass container is soundproofed. In desperation to escape 
this pain, she searches for her gems, which are not on her wrists, but in 
Kagato's hands. He laughs as the other sarcophagus fills up with a new form. 
Soon, Ryoko passes out and the pain subsides. As she passes out, she stares 
into her own eyes...the scene from the memory ends here.

