Disclaimer:  Pioneer owns these characters.  I'm just writing a story.

Author's note:  Sasami's birthday is sometime between soon.  So, Happy
Birthday, Sasami!  ^_^

==-==-==
>From Scratch

Brian Burke
Tenchii@hotmail.com
http://members.xoom.com/Tenchiii/Homepage.htm
==-==-==

        "Are you alright?" a voice says fuzzily as I push out of the
darkness.
Soon, a face accompanies the voice.  However, the purple haired, red-eyed
woman is as alien as her voice.  "Are you hurt, Sasami?"

        Sasami?  Who's that?  And who's she?

        "Is she alright?" someone else says.  Soon, another face appears to
accompany the voice.  This of a young man.

        He looks cute, I think to myself, while I still sort things out.  I
don't
remember much.

        "You were hit kinda hard, kid," another woman says, appearing
before her.  "Pretty nasty trick he pulled."

        "Yes," the first girl says.  "That was uncalled for."  As she looks
to me,
"you still haven't answered my question, Sasami.  Are you hurt?"

        I try to sit up, but find a splitting pain forbids it.  As I hold
the sore
area, I hit the floor again.  Who am I? rings through my head.

        "I'll go find Washu," the boy says.

        My name must be Sasami.  The purple haired one called me that.
"What happened?" I mumble, trying to answer the woman.

        "You don't remember?" she says.

        Obviously, I don't.  I don't remember much, actually.

        "We were attacked, but we fought the creature.  Unfortunately, it
ran off.
You took a nasty tumble in the process."

        I look about the room, and see a counter to my left.  A kitchen?
Looking
at myself for once, I see a pink outfit with a carrot on it.  Something
about the design looks familiar...

        "Miya?" a creature sounds, jumping to her stomach.

        A strange animal.  I wonder what it is?  Or what its name is.  Who
am I?
I'd like to know that first.

        A young girl with bright pink hair appears.  "How is she?" she
asks.

        "I don't know.  She isn't talking."

        "Sasami?" the young one asks, "how are you doing?"

        "I don't know..." I mumble.  As the pain returns, I grab the part
of my
head that aches.  What happened?  Why does it hurt so bad?

        The red head pulls the hand away and examines the area with a small
device.
  "Pretty bad bump you got there, Sasami."

        "Who..."  Not what I wanted to say, but I think it got the point
across.
Then again, "who...are all you?"

        The others simply look in horror as I say this.  "You don't
remember?" the boy asks.

        "No...I don't."  At least I'm talking now.  The one girl said I
wasn't.  "I
don't remember anything."

        "That's understandable," the pink one says.  "Some amnesia is
probably a side effect of whatever happened."

        "Sasami was roughed up a bit, Washu," the silver haired one states.
"Is
there anything we can do?"

        "Get her into her routine," she answers.  "She'll remember
everything
sooner or later."

        "I'll take her out for a walk and explain things to her," the boy
says.
"Maybe it'll help her remember."

        "Good idea, Tenchi," Washu says.

        As he helps me off the floor, I see that he's much taller than I
am.  I
don't even know my age.  As I stand, I see a silver pan on the counter.
Picking it up, I see myself for the first time.  Blue hair, pink eyes, and
a
triangle on my forehead.  Reaching up, I realize nobody else has one.  Am I
different?  The first girl has more on her forehead, but this is different.
"Who are all of you?"

        "My apologies," the purple haired one says.  "I am Ayeka, your
sister."

        "How do you do?" I reply.  Turning, "and you're Washu?"

        "That's right."

        "I'm Ryoko," the other girl says.

        "And, I'm Tenchi," the boy says.

        As I continue to explore the room, a frying pan lies on the floor,
with
some food underneath.  I bend down to pick up the pan, and a feeling of
familiarity hits.  Something about this pan.  I pick it up and set it on
the
stove.  Don't know why.  I just did.

        "Are you starting to remember?" Washu asks.

        "A little.  I must be a cook or something."

        "You're pretty good, too," Tenchi responds.

        Something about him.  I like him.

        "Shall we go?" he says.

        You bet!  I try to keep cool, and casually walk towards him, but
it's not
easy.  He interests me.  As we walk out of the house, the others stay
behind.  I latch on to his arm, just to enjoy the moment.
==-==-==
        The tour takes us to many places.  One of them is a tree.  There's
some
things around it.  They're pointed toward it for some reason.  Another
familiar feeling.  A light...  A light around...no FROM this tree.

        "What is it?"

        "I remember something.  This tree.  There was a light coming from
it."  I
put my hand to my forehead, "this is so frustrating.  I can't remember what
it means."

        "I can.  But, I don't know if you're ready for it."

        "Tell me!"

        "That light...it...brought you to your ship."

        "My SHIP?"

        "I can explain later.  You wouldn't understand right now."

        "I guess not," I say confusingly.  I have a ship?  ~Heaven to
Ocean~  What?
  What does that mean?  ~Ocean to Earth~  Some kind of magic words?  ~Earth
back to Heaven~  Why can't I remember?

        "You'll remember.  I'll help you.  We all will."

        "It's just so irritating.  I can't remember."

        As we walk away, I sense something, or someone else watching us.
Looking
around, I see no one.  Did I imagine it?

==-==-==
        Now, this is interesting.  An old shrine.  Supposed to be guarding
a demon.
  Spooky.  An old man is here.  Another wave of familiarity.

        "So, Sasami doesn't remember anything?"

        "Not much, but she's starting to."

        As I look to him, I see something completely strange.  The old
man's face
becomes faded, and a younger face is underneath.  Okay, this is getting
weird.  I clear my vision, and it's just the old guy.
        I feel it again.  Someone IS watching me.  "Who's there?"

        Another woman appears from behind a tree.  "I did not mean to
startle you, Sasami.  I came to help."

        As I look at her, I see... myself!  Only, she's older.  Something's
definitely familiar about her.  I remember water... a wave... a "Tsunami?"

        "Yes.  Of all people, I am surprised you remember me."

        More blanks.  I'm getting tired of those.  "Tsunami..."  Something
very
familiar.  A debt of some kind?

        "To put it simply," she says, "you are me.  I am the image of your
future
self.  I can hear your thoughts.  You must never think of what I did as a
debt.  I am sorry.  I didn't mean to intrude."

        "It's alright.  You probably couldn't get much anyway."  Another
memory
fragment.  I remember standing as her.  Strange.

        "So, the child of light doesn't remember?" another voice rasps.  A
form
quickly accompanies it.  "How interesting."

        The older man moves me away from the other two, trying to defend
both of
us.  As he does so, I feel a strong connection to him.  It's as if we're
related or something.

        Tenchi pulls out an ornate object, which has two red gems in the
hilt.  A
blue blade of energy forms from the end.  "You won't get away this time,"
Tenchi states.

        "Ha!  Last time was just a warm up!"  Creating his own sword,
"now, it's for real!"

        Tenchi and the monster charge each other, clashing swords.
Meanwhile, I watch curiously.  "Tenchi?  Tsunami?"

        Constructs of light appear near Tenchi.  "I've had it!"  Two of
them flow
over his body, changing it.

        An image forms in my head which is much like this one.  I struggle
to focus
on it.  "Tenchi?"  Just a bit more...

        Tenchi takes the third object and it forms into a sword.  He then
charges
again.

        Like a bursting dam, memories start flooding in.  I remember now!
It was
Kagato!  And that thing was what caused me to forget!

        Tenchi passes the monster and slashes him in half.

        "Tenchi!" I shout.

        "Sasami?" Tsunami asks.  "Do you remember?"

        "Yes, I do.  That fight jogged my memory."

        "That's great!" Tenchi says.

        "Yes, it is," Tsunami adds.

        "Well, Sasami," Katsuhito says, "I'm glad you're back to normal.
It's so
nice to see you smile again."

        "Thanks!"  A thought hits me, and I start towards the house.  "I
gotta make
lunch."

        "Well, at least the experience didn't change her much," Tenchi
says.

        "No, I'm starving!" I respond.

-End-