Disclaimer
Tenchi Muyo! And all its characters belong to Pioneer and AIC, and these
aren't my ideas so leave out the lawsuit.

    This story takes place in the OVA universe awhile after episode 13 but
before the second series.  Tsunami sends her heartless bodyguard ,Yatojo, to
protect Tenchi and to give Yatojo emotion to let him see what it's like to
be
human.  Keep in mind this is my first fic so don't expect miracles.

And now on with the story of the
"Heart of ice and stone"

    Tsunami could feel it coming.  The war.  The blood.  The death.  Not
physically of course, but if one was keen to it, one could always sense when
horror was near.   Tokimi's dark tide would soon be upon her, hoping for her
to drown.  She would gladly sacrifice herself to stop this menace.

Aboard the deck of her ship, she stared into the vastness of space, lost in
revery. *Why is Tokimi doing this?* she wondered.  Was her lust for control
so great, that she would sacrifice millions, perhaps billions of lives, just
to steal Tsunami's universe? *What did I do to her that was so horrible that
she must reek havoc on me and my children?*  She thought sadly.  There would
be no one to help her against her older sister.  Her only ally, her other
sister, Washu, had been thrown out of the goddess' circle and her memory of
it wiped away.  Tokimi had seen to that.   Only a few weeks ago had she,
herself, restored her sister's memory. *Why, Tokimi,?* the question echoed
in
her mind.  She no longer felt like a powerful goddess, She felt like a lost
little girl being bullied just because of her existence.  Her only hope was
a
young earthling boy called Tenchi Masaki.  Although he had no idea, Tsunami
made him to be the most powerful of her creations.  But right now he was
very
vulnerable.  If Tokimi ever knew of him she would send an entire fleet to
destroy him and his planet.  Which was why Tsunami was sending protection.
Not with Jurian tree ships or an army, that would be to obvious.  She would
send her own bodyguard, Yatojo.

    As if summoned by her thoughts, a monitor bleeped and showed that
Yatojo's massive, crimson ship, Kuratagi, had pulled up along side her.
Less
then a second later he appeared behind her.  He was clothed in a black mask
that only showed his eyes(icy gray), a dark purple hood and robe with black
boots and black gloves.  He was 6ft. tall with broad shoulders and very
intimidating to most.

    What she liked about him was he combined power and strength with
technology.  In his mask were visual enhancements, targeting and
identification systems, and a 360 degree field of vision.  Under his robe he
wore a body suit that would keep his body temperature at a suitable level.
Not that heat or cold could harm him, it was just more comfortable.
Finally,
a wrist mounted self cloaking device + mini computer that could control
Kuratagi from a distance.  His powers were psychokinetic and most
importantly....lethal.

    What she did not like about him was she had created him with almost no
emotion.  Anger, indifference, and fear were all he could feel.  Since
assimilating with Sasami, she had grown to love everything she had made.
And
now it seemed to her that she had robbed him of what it was like to be
human.
*That's about to change* she thought, knowingly.  He would need all emotions
for the upcoming war and once he arrived on Earth that was what she planned
to give him.  She did not let him know this because he would never agree to
it.  It was also vital he did not no of Tenchi's importance to her.

    "I was wondering what kept you" she said quietly, while continuing to
stare into the void.  He did not reply.  "I want you to go to the planet
called Earth. There, you will find a young boy.  I want you to protect him
with your life and anything else you have at your disposal.  No one must
know
of your presence."

     "As you wish, Creator.  But how shall I find him?" he asked coldly.

      Tsunami thought for a moment, then said "Lock on to the strongest
power
source radiating from the planet.  It should be the space tree, Funaho. He
can be found near it.  His description is now in the control center of
Kuratagi."  At hearing that he bowed slightly and without a word, returned
to
his ship.

    Tsunami had informed Washu that he would be coming, for she might need
help to crack Yatojo's shell .  She hated to deceive him like this, but it
was the only way. *This is my only chance.  And it had better work....*

****************

    Aboard Kuratagi, Yatojo set its engines to full power and blasted off,
slightly annoyed that he was being given a babysitting job. .  Earth was
several hundred light years away. <Approximately three hours, give or take a
second> he noted. <More enough time to look over his description>.  The
document itself contained a lot of useless information.  "Name, birth date,
age, height, weight, eye color, facial features." <A face picture will do
fine next time>, he thought.

    He then read "Known affiliates: Galaxy Police First-class Detective
Mihoshi Karamitsu,  Princesses Ayeka and Sasami Jurai and Prince Yosho
Jurai,
 (A list of other names) Ryoko and Washu Hakubi." For the first time in his
very long life, Yatojo was surprised. "Washu, her daughter, Jurai royalty
and
the GP are on this backwater planet at the same time?!?!" he exclaimed.
"I'm
surprised Tokimi hasn't destroyed the planet already."  This would
complicate
matters.  If Tokimi wasn't suspicious yet, she soon would be.  And if he
knew
her, she would have some kind of early warning system to detect Tsunami's
presence.  Rather on instinct than actual thought he told the computer
"Initialize cloaking system" Tokimi may have massive amounts of armies, but
she preferred quantity to quality, and he knew very well she did not have
anything advanced enough that could detect him.  "Tsk tsk, apparently,
intelligence doesn't come with the goddess package." he said to himself.
However intelligence did come to Washu which was why he would stop short of
her sensors range and beam down to the earth from Kuratagi.  He then scanned
the rest of the document.  Nothing caught his eye, <but some of it could
prove useful in the future.> He filed it away in Kuratagi's memory.  He then
thought <Why did Tsunami need to tell me mention that Ayeka and Ryoko fought
for the love of this seemingly worthless human?  Love?>  "What a joke." he
said disdainfully. "Just a trick to get humanoids to reproduce."

    If Yatojo could hate something it would be the so-called "emotion" of
love.  He had seen it turn people he had once respected into blithering
idiots.  On the day he was created he swore to Tsunami herself, he would
take
his own life if he ever fell in love with anything.  Almost an eternity
later
he still hadn't committed suicide.  He thought he was immune to this most
undesirable feeling.  He had never been more wrong.


    In her immense lab Washu, The Greatest Scientific Mind in The Known
Universe, sat in front of her transparent computer glued to the screen
watching a Red Giant class star progress into a White Dwarf, when she felt
Tsunami's presence.  Without turning around she said "Good morning, Sister."

    "Good morning to you as well, Sister, even if it is the afternoon" said
a
smiling Tsunami.

            Washu did a double-take at her watch, seeing that it was now 6
o'clock.  "I completely lost track of the time of the time!  Damn star.
It's
almost hypnotic.  And there was so much I wanted to do today." she said
regretfully.

    " Yes, well, our guest of honor is almost here"

    "That's strange. My sensors haven't picked up on anything as big as
Kuratagi yet" said Washu, puzzled.

    "He's just outside your range and is now preparing to beam to earth"

    "Very clever of him.  Once he starts beaming it would just seem like a
rustling of ions.  I'll say one thing for him.  He is the best." said Washu
thoughtfully "Have you thought about how your going to put feelings into
him?" asked Washu.

    "That's actually what I came to talk to you about.  I can't do it
myself,
because he would  know that I did it.  Is there any way that you could put
them in from here?"

    "Anything's possible for the greatest scientific genius in the
universe."
said a smiling Washu. "Just give me his cloaking frequency and I can take it
from there."  Tsunami gave it, and Washu punched it in her console.

    "By the way I invented a mini-cam with a cloaking device so now we can
see him wherever he goes and I can put the feelings in his brain" said Washu
confidently.  "However," her mood turned serious "this is a  very delicate
situation.  I'll need you here because you're the only one who knows how
Yatojo's mind works.  You're the only one who knows what he can handle and
when.  So, what is your first choice?" inquired Washu.

    Tsunami had already given this a lot of thought.  "We'll start with
curiosity, but for now lets wait. And so they did as they watched Yatojo
materialize in front of Funaho.

****************

    Now that he was on earth, Yatojo immediately began to search for his
target.
 Having already turned on his cloak he floated to the shrine.  He saw an old
man sweeping the sidewalk.  He had to use his ID system to determine it was
Yosho. <Very good disguise, but not good enough> he thought.  Yosho then
seemed to look Yatojo right in the eye.  He knew Yosho couldn't see him but
that didn't stop him from keeping absolutely still.  Yatojo started to feel
a
presence reaching out at him.  His powers being what they are, he quickly
blocked it and sent a backlash in the form a splitting headache.  Yosho
winced in pain.  While holding his head went inside the shrine and laid down
on his cot. <Better be careful around that one> thought Yatojo. It was now
by
earth's reckoning 7 o'clock <he must be at his home.> He then phased into
the
Masaki residence.

****************

    "YOU TAKE THAT BACK, MONSTER WOMAN!!!!" Ayeka screeched at top of her
lungs.

    "Now being a royal princess you should know you can't take back what's
true.  Me and Tenchi are in love aren't we Tenchi?" Ryoko swooned, while she
held a struggling Tenchi.

    "Stop it!!  Let me GO!!!" Tenchi yelled, futilely

    "How could anyone love a demon?  Answer me that, you skank!!"  Ayeka
said, acidly

    At hearing those words, Ryoko threw Tenchi out of the way and walked
very
slowly to Ayeka with fury and rage in her gold colored eyes,
"You...take...that...back." she said barely above a whisper.

    Against her better judgement, The First Princess of Jurai then replied,
"Now being a royal princess, I can't take back what is true.  Lord Tenchi
will never love you and neither will anyone else", in her most haughty voice

    "Why do you to always have to fight?" said Sasami

    "Mind your own business, Sasami!"

    Yatojo had been watching all of this and his analysis was "This is going
to be more work than I thought."  As he felt Ryoko's energy begin to go up
and Ayeka's force field begin to form, he quickly went beside Tenchi and
teleported them both to the Shrine.  Once Tenchi was gone Ryoko and Ayeka
just stared at the spot where he had been and then began a desperate search
for him.

 ****************
    Meanwhile Tenchi was bracing for the impact when he realized he was
outside.  Thinking the only possible thing he could he said, "Ryoko!!!  Why
did you bring us here?!?"
He thought he already knew the answer.  However, he didn't receive a
response.  He began looking in all directions but could find no one. <That's
weird>, he thought. <Whenever Ryoko takes me someplace she's usually with
me>.  "Ryoko, stop playing games!" he yelled.  Again, no response. <very,
very weird>

****************

    On the roof of the shrine, Yatojo was as pleased as he could be with
himself.  He had successfully rescued his target and averted the
obliteration
of the target's home.  He thought for a moment <If the demon caller, the
princess, and the target, are all together, destruction ensues.  However, if
I take the target out of the equation, the other two won't have anything to
fight each other over.  Ingenious in it's simplicity.> He knew he wasn't
bragging because he couldn't.  At that moment, Ryoko apparently hearing
Tenchi yelling, phased next to him.

     "What happened to you?  How'd you get here so quickly?", she inquired.

    "You of all people should know that"

    "Sorry to disappoint you, but I don't"

    "Will you stop playing games!  I know you teleported me here!" he said,
irritated.  He was beginning to get angry.

    Would I lie to you, beloved?" she said smiling

    Before he could stop himself he uttered the most painful words that had
ever touched her ears...or her heart.  "Of course you would and don't call
me
that!  I don't love you!" and they struck home.

    She looked the most hurt he had ever seen her.  She quickly put on her
tough exterior and said "Fine! Take Her Royal Highness and GO TO HELL!!!",
then phased away.

    "Ryoko, I didn't mean it like that!! He yelled as loud as he could, but
she was either out of earshot or wouldn't answer him.

    "You young people are so noisy" came a voice behind Tenchi.  It was
Yosho.

    "Uh, hi, Grandpa, uh, how long have you been listening?"  Tenchi asked
nervously.

    "Ever since you appeared in front of the shrine, and let me tell you
that
it was not her doing that you got here."

    Oh, come on, Grandpa it had to have been.  Who else can do that?

    "Who else, indeed."

    "What do you mean?"

    "Nothing, it's getting late, you should go home and apologize"

    Yosho, then stood up and walked back into the shrine, leaving Tenchi
alone with his thoughts.  Or almost alone.  As Tenchi walked home, Yatojo
was
floating above him thinking now that Ryoko and Tenchi's "friendship" was in
the past, this assignment would be a lot simpler.  Again, he was wrong.

*****************

    Once he got home Tenchi, saw that it was now 10 pm and the only people
still up were Ayeka and Mihoshi.  "Have either of you seen Ryoko?" he asked.

    Oh, Lord Tenchi where did you disappear to?  Ayeka asked worriedly.

    "For some reason, the shrine.  I'm not sure why.  Have you seen Ryoko?"
He asked again

    "No, the last time I saw her she went outside looking for you" replied
Ayeka

    "Why are you looking for her?" said Mihoshi, innocently.

    "I said something I shouldn't have said and I'm going to apologize."

    "Why should you apologize?! No matter what you said to her, it wouldn't
be enough to do her justice."

    He didn't answer.  He just went to his room and tried to ignore his
immense guilt go to sleep.  He did not succeed.

****************

    Yatojo would allow Tenchi's privacy so he teleported to the roof. <So
this is where I'll be spending my nights>, he thought.  He would have
thought
he was protecting a damn fool had he cared about others well-being. <Ryoko
being as passionate as she is will probably kill herself.  No matter>, he
thought coldly. <As long as I keep Tenchi breathing, nothing matters>.

****************

    Down in Washu's Lab, two goddesses observed Yatojo, was completely
unaware.

    "Can we do this now", said Washu impatiently.

    "Go ahead"

                     *****************

    Yatojo was staring out into space when he heard something.  Something he
had never heard before.  Weeping.  And at that moment he felt something,
something new, something that wanted him to see who or what it was. <Why?  I
don't see a point.> he went anyway. <It seems to be coming from directly
below>.  He passed through the ceiling.  He had turn on the light
amplification in his mask in order to see.  He felt something else new as he
saw Ryoko,  crying her eyes out.  His infamous heart of ice and stone had
begun to melt, as he felt an overwhelming amount of pity.  Pity for this
lowly creature who's heart had been ripped in two by the one she loved.
Then
another knew feeling.  Regret.  Regret that if he hadn't taken Tenchi away
from her none of this would have happened.

    Suddenly Ryoko materialized an energy blade and before he could react
she
ran it through her throat and died.

****************

    In the lab Washu screamed.  With good reason.  Her daughter had just
committed suicide.

    "We've got to hurry.  There's not much time!", Panic thick on her
features.

    "There's nothing we can do....but there's something he can do" said
Tsunami, pointing at Yatojo.  "Just watch"

   ****************
    "No.", said Yatojo calmly.  "I won't let you do this" <Tsunami, I'm
going
to break the rules, just this once.> He bent down by Royko's side healed her
gaping wound, and channeled seven eighth's of his life energy into her body.
Now very weak all his Technology failed and plunged the room into darkness.
With his last ounce of strength of mind he nullified her powers and promptly
blacked out.

****************

    "He saved her.", said Washu in shock.

    "That, he did." Said Tsunami

    "If you'll please excuse me I'm going to go give little Ryoko a talking
to and give medical attention to Yatojo."  With that she quickly made her
way
out of the lab leaving Tsunami by herself.

    Good form, my son.  Good form.

To be continued

Author's notes
Alright, I know that Sasami and Mihoshi only had one line each.  You'll see
more of them in the next one.  And I won't have anyone else kill themselves.
Any mail at all on how I did would be appreciated and I will honestly try to
answer any questions you may have. I can be reached a CMc1116@aol.com
