Hello Aieko: Part Three



I hope you know I do not own all of these characters. Just the ones I made
up, like Jade and Aieko.(Aieko is announced I-a-ko)

The story takes place where I left off. In the Masaki household after a
little secret was learned and the real Aieko was revealed. If you didn’t
read my first two fan fictions I suggest you go read it now. It is titled
"Hello Aieko" and "Runaway and Secrets". If you already read them, Enjoy! :)



Tenchi starts to walk to his room. "Why me. It couldn’t happen to any other
teenage boy in this world. Just me." He opened his bedroom door and walked
toward his bed. He sat on it. He laid down and started to fall asleep. The
closet door started to open. Tenchi turned over onto his stomach. He started
to hear the floor creak. He ignored it and tried to go back to sleep.
Suddenly he felt a hand rubbing his back gently. "Ryoko go away!" Someone
started to whisper in his ear. "Guess again." He got up and turned around to
see Aieko. She punched him in the face. "Come catch me." Aieko ran out of
the room. Tenchi got made and started chasing her. When he reached near
Ryoko’s room, he couldn’t find her. He saw a shadow. He started to walk
toward her slowly. "Turn around stupid." Tenchi turned to see Aieko with an
object in her hand. "Lookie, lookie at what I found. Little Tenchi’s diary."
Tenchi walked toward her. "GIVE THAT BACK TO ME!" "Don’t yell little Tenchi.
You’ll wake everyone. Then I’ll have no choice to read your diary out loud."
"Give it back." "What?" "Give it back" "What?" "I SAID GIVE IT BACK!" Aieko
started to laugh. "I’m not gonna give it back to you. If you really want it
back, you have to catch me first Tenchi." She started to run toward the
stairs. "You little hoar!" Tenchi started to run after her. Aieko ran down
the stairs. Tenchi right behind her. When she reached the bottom of the
stairs, Tenchi grabbed her by the waist. They both fall to the ground. "What
are you two doing?" The two look up. "Hello" they both say. Tenchi got up.
Everyone in the entire household was there looking at them. Aieko stood up.
Ryoko got angry. "Would you two like to explain to me why you two were
rolling around on the floor together?!" Tenchi turned red. "It’s all his
fault." Tenchi got mad. "My fault!" Aieko nodded her head. "Explain to me.
Aieko, how is this my fault?!" Yosho interrupted. " I don’t want to hear
anything from you two." "But Grandpa she started it." "Not another word. You
two made so much noise I couldn’t concentrate. Tomorrow you both will do
everyone else’s chores." Aieko looked up. "Wait a minute. I’ve been here not
even one day and tomorrow I gotta work like a friggen slave girl." "Watch
your language young lady." Aieko lowered head."Sorry sir." "You two off to
bed. You have lots of work in the morning." Tenchi and Aieko started to walk
off. "Oh Aieko." She turned around. "Give Tenchi his journal back. Boys
don’t keep diaries." She turned around and started to walk upstairs. Ryoko
and Ayeka started to talk to each other. "I don’t trust that Aieko. She’s up
to something. I can feel it." "I’m with you Ryoko. We better keep an eye on
her. She may be trying to steal away our Tenchi." "Our. You mean my Tenchi."
"Actually, I mean my Tenchi." "Look. We should just keep it as my Tenchi, he
likes me more anyway." "Ha. You make me laugh Ryoko. I am truly sure that
Tenchi adores me more." "How can Tenchi adore a stuck up snob like you?"
"Look Ryoko, we should stop fighting until we do something about Aieko."
"Right." They both shake hands.

The next morning Tenchi and Aieko were waken up early. First they had to
make breakfast. Then they had to make up everyone’s bed. After that they had
to do a lot of things. "Well I guess about now it’s noon time." "We’re
finally finished." Aieko looked at Tenchi. "What makes you think we’re
done?" Tenchi looked at her. "Well grandpa told me we don’t have to do any
more work because he thinks we’ve punished enough." Aieko didn’t trust him.
"Well if we’re done, I’m going inside." She started to walk towards the
house. Tenchi followed her. "You don’t believe me do you?" Aieko turned
around. "No. Of course I believe you little Tenchi." "Would you stop calling
me that." Aieko and Tenchi both walked into the house. "Ryoko! Ten..."
Tenchi covered her mouth. "What are you doing? I don’t feel like being
bothered by her." Aieko moved his hand from her mouth. "So your saying you
don’t want to be bothered by your girlfriend?" "What?! Ryoko’s not my
girlfriend." "Oh right. You said she would be the best person for a
girlfriend." "Who told you that!" Aieko smiled. "Your little black book. I
was reading before you came into the room." Tenchi blushed. "What part did
you get up to?!" "Just the part from when you had to go through the terror
of seeing everyone go through their time of the month." Aieko went into the
kitchen. "Hi Susami. What’s gonna be for dinner?" "I’m not making dinner,
I’m making lunch." "Oh I know, I just won’t be eating lunch." "Then you have
to wait and see." "Ok." She walked out of the kitchen, and saw Tenchi
standing there looking dumbfounded. "Was it really like that?" Tenchi looked
up. "I’m not gonna answer that question." He started to walk upstairs. Aieko
followed him. "Come on I really want to know." "No" She followed him to
bathroom. He turned around. "Stay!" "Who do you think your talking to?" He
started to walk into the bathroom. Aieko was right behind him. He turned
around and pushed her out. "Why can’t you just tell me what it was like?"
"No!" He slammed the door. Aieko took out a blind fold. She covered her eyes
with it. She walked through the door while it was closed. "Just tell me!"
Tenchi got mad. "Would you get out! I have to pee, and I would like to do
that in private!" He opened the door and pushed her out. "Fine. I’ll ask
Ayeka then, no wait Ryoko. She’ll tell me." Tenchi opened the door and saw
Aieko standing there. "I knew that would get your attention." "Why must you
torture me?! First Ryoko, now you." Aieko gave him an evil smile. "No. Ryoko
does that smile when she’s about to do something." Aieko started laughing.
Tenchi started to walk away. "Aieko appeared in front of him. "I know you
don’t want to help me, but you know this house. Where’s Washu’s lab?" "Why
should I tell you?" "You want Ryoko to know all the things you wright about
her?" "You wouldn’t." Aieko smiled. "I would." "Nope I’m not gonna do it."
Aieko frowned. "Fine! Ry..." Tenchi covered her mouth. "Stop, stop, stop. Ok
I’ll help you." Tenchi walked Aieko to the lab. They both walked in. "You
can leave now Tenchi." " I don’t trust you with Washu’s computers. What are
you gonna do?" "I’m gonna become my real age." "What?" "I was frozen for two
years. I’m stuck in my fifteen year old body. My hair is only shoulder
length. It’s supposed to be down by my butt." "Ok, unneeded info." "You see
that tube thing? I’ll use that. I’ll need your help though Tenchi." "Why do
you need his help?" Tenchi and Aieko turned to see Washu standing there.
"Uh, I needed him to push the button." "Do you know how to operate a
computer." "Yeah I do." "Good step into age verification vessel." Aieko went
into the vessel. "I’m ready." "How age are you supposed to be?" "17" "Ok
here we go" Washu pressed the starting button. The whole lab went black. The
only light in was the vessel. Tenchi could see Aieko changing inside of the
vessel. Suddenly the door to lab opened and in strolled everyone. "What the
heck is going on in here?!" "Ryoko would you stop yelling, I need
concentration to make this successful." Aieko started to grow a little
taller, and her hair grow longer. Suddenly the lights came on. The vessel
opened and there stood Aieko. She was standing there with nothing covering
her but her hair. Tenchi stood there looking at her. He knew he nose was
about to bleed.Washu walked over to her and put a blanket over her. "Ok
everyone. Out. She’ll be there for dinner." "Everyone walked outside. "Wow
she looks different." Everyone turn and looked at Tenchi. He turned red.
"Well she does. She was taller, her hair was longer, her eyes were evil. She
looked more evil than Ryoko." Ryoko got mad. "She did not. Her evil profile
is probably just an act." Jade looked up. "Believe me Ryoko, she did much
worst things you ever did. Why do you think she was frozen for two years."
"Why don’t you tell us the story." "Sorry can’t. If I tell you, Aieko will
kill me." Susami came out from the kitchen. "Dinner is ready!" "Thank
goodness. I’m starving." "Your just ate Mihoshi." "I did." "Yes. We ate on
the way here." "Yeah but that was a long time Kieyone." "It was fifteen
minutes ago!" Everyone sat around the table. Washu and Aieko walked out.
They sat at the table. "So Aieko, I heard that you were frozen for two years
for a reason. What reason was that?" "Well Ryoko since you must be so nosy,
I was frozen for committing high treason." "If you were a proper princess,
like myself, you wouldn’t have been here today." "Listen your royal jackass.
I had my reasons." Ryoko, Aieko, and Ayeka start to argue. The rest of them
just sat there and ate the dinner while the three argued. "So, Tenchi, which
one do you like?" Tenchi looked up at his father. "You know dad, I really
don’t know."



That’s the end. If it’s really crappy I’m sorry. I couldn’t think correctly.
Please e-mail me your comments. Here’s my address gduchesne@nyc.rr.com.
