Hello Aieko Part 5

Hello it’s me again. Chandra Germain. I know you may be thinking "I thought
her name was Nastassia Germain?" Nope! My name is Chandra Germain. That
other name is my sister’s. Her name is there because I sent the first fan
fic on her e-mail name Sassygirlnowand4eva. Just straightening that out. I,
Chandra Germain wrote those fan fics, not Nastassia. Ok, now back to what
I’m really supposed to be talking about. This is the fifth part to my fan
fic Hello Aieko. So far, Aieko’s secret has been revealed. Like, she’s not
17, she’s 18. She ran away from home when she was 15. She was abused by a
man named Yoshido. She is the most wanted space pirate in the universe. She
killed millions of people(including children, toddlers, and babies). Her
mother disappeared, and her dad quickly remarried (that’s why she ran away
and joined Yoshido). What also happened, Tenchi started to get a little bit
of feelings for her. Although he hates her. So here we go. In this fan fic
you will learn more about her and cool stuff will happen. So go ahead take a
chance and read it.

Symbols: <> means they’re talking in their heads.

* * means flash back

Tenchi woke up. He forgot that he was sleeping on the couch and rolled over
onto the floor. "Are you ok?" Tenchi looked up to see Aieko standing there
in a T-shirt. He got up. "Is that mine?" "Yeah. I got out of your draw."
"You didn’t even ask me if you can borrow it." "Well I’m sorry. I came
downstairs to ask you and saw you sleeping, so I decided not to disturb
you." Ryoko showed up and wrapped her arms around Tenchi. "Good Morning
Tenchi." < Why me?> "Ryoko . . . " Ryoko looked over at Aieko and saw her in
Tenchi’s T-shirt. "What are you doing in his T-shirt! Is there something
going on that you two wanna tell me about?!" Aieko sat down. "First. Let go
of Tenchi. You’re squeezing him and he can’t breathe." Ryoko looked up at
Tenchi to see him blue. She let go, and crossed her arms. "Ryoko, don’t
worry about a thing, Tenchi and I are not doing anything. He let me sleep in
his room last night. I had nothing to sleep in, so I took one of his shirts
out from his draws." Ryoko calmed down. "I’m still gonna keep my eye on you
Aieko . . . , hey what is your last name anyway?" "Aieko cringed. "You had
to remind me huh?" "What is it? I’m curious too." Aieko turned to see Susami
standing there with Washu. "She has a point Aieko. I’m curious. My computers
can’t pick up your last name." Aieko stood up. "Nope not gonna tell you."
She started to walk away. Susami went in front of her. "Please tell me
Aieko. I really would like to know." Aieko looked at Susami. "Fine. I’ll
tell you." Everyone was staring at her. "It’s Tusikino all right." "You
cringed for that name. What’s wrong with it?" Aieko turned around. "It’s not
the name. It’s just that now that woman that my dad married has that same
last name too."Jade walked in. "I know how you feel. The only thing is you
didn’t have to live with her for four years." "You should have run away."
"I’m sorry I didn’t trust Yoshido enough to run away to him like you did."
Aieko got mad. "Forget it. Let’s get off this subject." "Fine." Narabouki
walked in from outside. "Boy is it hot out there." "What do you expect dad?
It’s July." "I know that Tenchi. I was just suggesting that you kids go
swimming or something." Susami got up. "Yeah. Can we please go swimming
Tenchi?" "Sure we’ll go." "Yeah, you all can go. I’ll stay home." Susami
became sad. "Please come with us Aieko. It won’t be a trip to the beach
without you." Aieko looked at Susami. <I hate when she does puppy dog eyes.>
"Fine. I’ll come but I’m not going to swim." "Yay! Aieko’s coming with us."

"Ok everyone. We’re here." Everyone jumped out of the car. Susami’s eyes
were glowing as she looked at the waves. "Aieko come look at this." She
turned around and saw Aieko no where in sight. Suddenly her happiness turned
to sadness. "I guess Aieko didn’t come after all." Ayeka put her hand on
Susami’s shoulder. "Don’t be sad Susami, I’m sure she meant well by staying
behind." Susami looked up to see Aieko getting out of a truck. "Aieko! You
came!" Susami started to run toward Aieko. She jumped on her and gave her a
hug. "Hey Susami. You thought I didn’t come huh." "Why didn’t you come in
the car with everybody else?" "Well, everyone else left me." Tenchi walked
over. "Sorry we left you. We didn’t mean to." Aieko looked at him. "Well you
did. So I had to hitch a ride from Joe back there." Tenchi took her hand.
"Then let me make it up to you." They both looked each other in the eye. <Do
something don’t stand here. Pull your hand away or something.> Aieko pulled
her hand away. "That’s ok. I don’t need anything. Uh, come on Susami lets go
find somewhere to put the towels." Aieko and Susami walked away. Narabouki
walked over to Tenchi. "I saw that." "Saw what?" "You like Aieko. You like
Aieko." Tenchi got mad. "I do not!" "Yeah sure, you don’t. You just happened
to get lost in her eyes right." Tenchi walked away. When he was walking, he
could hear his father yelling. "Don’t worry. I won’t tell anyone your
secret." <God I hate that man, sometimes. But I got to live with it, he’s my
dad and all.> Aieko and Susami were sitting on the sand looking at the
ocean. Susami looked at Aieko. "Aieko, can I ask you a question?" "Sure
Susami. Ask away." "Do you like Tenchi?" "Uh, I . . . " "Well do you?" "No,
I don’t like him." "I don’t believe you. I saw the way you looked at him
when he took your hand." Aieko blushed. "Now your blushing. See I knew you
liked Tenchi." "I do not!" "Yes you do." Aieko and Susami start laughing
with each other. "I can’t stand her. First she tries to steal Tenchi, and
now she’s taking my little sister." "I feel you completely. I hate her
guts." Mihoshi sat down next to the both of them. "Hey you guys! What are
you staring at?" "We’re staring at that back stabber Aieko." "Do you guys
hate her?" (In unison) "We despise her." Mihoshi looked over at Aieko. "You
know you guys, I think Aieko and Tenchi like each other." Ryoko looked at
Mihoshi. "You don’t say." "Yeah I mean you should have seen them a few
minutes ago." Ayeka face turned red. "What!" "You mean you didn’t see it.
Tenchi took Aieko’s hand and looked her in her eyes. They were staring at
each other for quite awhile. I don’t know about you guys, but I think those
two have feelings for each other." Ryoko turned red. "They do, do they?
We’ll see about that." Susami jumped up. "Let’s go swimming." Aieko got up.
"No way. I said I’ll come but I won’t do any swimming." "Please Aieko. I
can’t go swimming without you." "I can’t. I don’t want to get my hair wet."
"Oh please is that the only excuse you can think of? Pathetic." <Let me
guess who this could be.> Aieko turned around. <My guess was right.> "What
do you want little Tenchi?" "Hey. I said stop calling me that. And I came to
bother you. Why don’t you go for a swim?" "Well why don’t you?" "I already
went." "Well what do you know. Everyone lets give a round of applause to
little Tenchi. He went swimming. I don’t care if you went. I’m not going."
"I know why you won’t go swimming. You can’t swim." Aieko glared at him.
Jade walked toward them. "You shouldn’t have said that." "Said what?

" "That she can’t swim. Did the robot Aieko say anything about being queen
of the water kingdom?" "Yeah." "Well that means she’s a good swimmer. Hell,
she’s the best swimmer on the planet Nyon. Come on Susami I’ll take you for
a swim." "Ok" Jade and Susami started to walk away. "Well I’ll tell you what
Aieko . . . " Aieko cut him off. "Shut up. You know I usually challenge
someone to race but you, I’ll make an acception." She started to walk away.
"So you can swim." "I never said I couldn’t." Tenchi held her hand. "So come
swim with me." Aieko pulled her hand away. "Later and why do yo keep holding
my hand?" Tenchi just stood there looking at her. <Say something don’t stand
there.> "Well what else am I supposed to hold?" Aieko blushed. "Lets get off
this subject please."Aieko turned and looked at the ocean. "You know this
beach reminds me of a beach back home." She sat on the ground. Tenchi sat
down next to her. "What is Nyon like?" "It’s almost like earth. Except has a
lot of creatures you only see in fairy tales." "Meaning?" "It has merfolk,
fairies, elves, wizards, witches, those kind of things." "Did you have any
secret places?" "I did actually." "Tell me about it." "See if I told you,
then it wouldn’t be a secret." Tenchi got up. "Well then I’ll show you my
secret place." He stuck his hand out. Aieko looked at him. <I remember what
happened when I took someone’s hand the last time, but something’s telling
me to trust him.> Aieko took his hand. "Close your eyes." Tenchi started to
lead Aieko up a cliff. "Ok. Open your eyes." Aieko opened her eyes and saw
the that she was on top of a cliff. "Wow. The view from up here is..."
"Beautiful isn’t it?" "Beyond words actually. You come hear a lot?" "Mostly
during the summer. I sometimes come hear without my dad knowing. Let me show
you something." Tenchi held her hand and took her to the edge of the cliff.
"Look down." Aieko looked down. "Wow. It’s a lagoon. Can we go?" "Sure.
Let’s go down." Tenchi turned around. He suddenly felt Aieko hold his hand.
"Wait. There’s a faster way." "How?" "Watch." Aieko took a few steps back.
Then she ran towards the edge of cliff and jumped of into the lagoon below.
Tenchi looked down at amazement as Aieko’s head popped out of from under the
water. Aieko looked up. "Come on in. The water’s fine." "That’s ok. I think
I’ll take the longer way down." "Come on don’t be a sissy." Tenchi took a
few steps back. "I can’t believe I’m gonna do this." He ran towards the edge
of the cliff and jumped. Aieko saw him splash into the water. Aieko started
to laugh, but stop when she didn’t see him come back up. "Tenchi? Tenchi?!"
Aieko went under to look for him. She couldn’t see him. She swam back up.
"Miss me?" She turned around and saw Tenchi leaning on a tree. Aieko swam
towards the shore. She got out of the water. She walked towards him. "Why
didn’t you just pop your head out of the water to show me that you were ok
instead of scaring the hell out of me?!" Tenchi looked up at her. "Then that
will be nice, and you don’t deserve to be treated like that." Aieko got mad
and punched him in the stomach. Tenchi fell to his knees. "What the hell did
you that for?!" "That was for your smart remark." Tenchi got up. Aieko
started to walk away, Tenchi followed her. "I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to
scare you." Aieko stopped and turned around. "Well you did, and I hope you
know sorry just don’t cut it." "What do you mean sorry don’t cut it?" "You
know exactly what I mean." She started to walk away. Tenchi grabbed her by
the shoulder. "What are you two doing?" Aieko turned to see Ryoko and Ayeka
standing there. "Hey your asking the wrong person here. Ask your lover boy."
"Don’t ask me, ask Aieko." Ryoko and Ayeka stared at Aieko. "Ok I’m gonna
help Kieyone with the food." She took Tenchi’s hand off her shoulder. "I
think I’ll j...." Ryoko and Ayeka turned and glared at Tenchi. "Just stay
right here. Yup that’s what I’ll do. I’ll stay right here." "Ok I’ll be
going now." Aieko started to walk away. "Tenchi answer me this one question.
What were you doing with your hand on Aieko’s shoulder?" "Oh look Kieyone
needs help. Gotta go." Tenchi started to run towards the snack stand.
"There’s definitely something going on Ayeka." "I agree with you totally
Ryoko."

Tenchi ran up to Kieyone and Aieko. "Do you need any help?" Tenchi grabbed a
bunch a stuff from Aieko and started to walk towards the group. "No thank
you I can handle everything." "He’s already gone. It made no sense saying
that." "I was gonna say that when he snatched stuff from my hand, I was
already in the process of saying that, and I couldn’t stop myself." Kieyone
stared at her. "Whatever." "Everyone was gathered around the picnic blanket.
"What took you guys so long, I’m starving." "Your always starving Mihoshi.
Your like a bottomless pit."Washu sat down. "So Tenchi, where were you and
Aieko? You guys disappeared for quite awhile." Aieko looked up and saw Ryoko
and Ayeka walking towards them. "Uh, I think I’ll skip lunch. I’m not that
hungry." Aieko got up and walked away from the group. Ryoko and Ayeka both
sat down next to Tenchi. Tenchi got up and followed Aieko. "Why are you
running way every time Ryoko and Ayeka come near you?" Aieko stopped and
turned towards him. "Because they hate me. But I don’t care." "What do you
mean you don’t care?!" "I don’t. Since when did you care about me anyway.!"
She turned and started to walk away. Tenchi stopped her. "Why do you always
walk away from me when we’re having some type of conversation or argument?!"
Aieko turned around. "Why the hell are you on my friggen case?! If I want to
walk away from you, I can! You know what else, why do you keep following me
everywhere?! I can’t go anywhere without you being there and I want to know
why is that!" She stood there and looked at him. "Well? Do have an answer?"
Tenchi just looked at her. "That’s what I thought." "Why are you on my
case?" "What?" "All of a sudden you wanna know why I’m following you!" "Well
why is it!" "I don’t have to tell you anything. I wanna tell you but I
can’t." "Why are you two fighting?" Tenchi and Aieko turned to see Susami
standing there. "I don’t know Susami, but I can tell you this. I’m just
wasting my time." Aieko teleported away. "Oh great this time she didn’t run
or walk. No instead she teleported." Tenchi walked away.

Back at the house everyone was at the table eating dinner. Aieko was the
only one not there. Tenchi only noticed when he looked up and didn’t see her
sitting across from him. "Uh, where’s Aieko?" " I thought she was here with
us." "Well in case you haven’t noticed, she’s not." He got up. "I’m gonna go
get her. Jade do you know where she is?" "Not a clue." "Okay." He went up
the stairs. "Aieko?" He opened the door to Jade and Aieko’s room. "Aieko?"
She wasn’t there. He closed the door and checked all the rooms except his
own. He slowly opened the door to his room. He walked in and saw Aieko
standing in front of his window looking out. "Aieko? Are you alright?" "Does
it look like I’m alright?" "I wouldn’t know. I can’t see your face." "I
don’t want you to look at my face. You might just see a demon, a space
pirate bitch!" "What?" She pointed at the book on the bed. Tenchi picked it
up. "Read the page you wrote today." Tenchi started to read it out loud.
"Today we went to the beach and I had a great day. When we reached there, I
noticed that Aieko wasn’t there. I felt kind of disappointed. But she came
eventually. It was an okay day. I really liked it. Signed Tenchi." "That’s
the wrong book. Sorry, my fault I have it right here." She threw the book at
him. "You know what, I can’t believe you would call me that. I mean all I
did was ask you why you were bothering me, and you insult me. And not to my
face but behind my back. Now that’s the thing the gets to me." "Aieko I’m
sorry, I.." "You know what! I don’t wanna hear it! Just leave me alone!" She
ran out of the room. "Aieko, wait!" Everyone else was downstairs when they
saw Aieko run past and Tenchi right behind her. Tenchi grabbed Aieko’s arm.
"Let go of me!" "No, I have show you something." "No! You know when I first
saw you I thought that I finally found someone who really loves me! But I
guess I was wrong!" Tenchi just stood there and stared at her. "Now let go!"
Aieko kicked him in the face. Tenchi fell on the ground and Aieko ran out of
the door into the rain outside. Everyone went over to Tenchi, who was sat up
holding his head. "Well I see that Aieko has some feeling for you. Maybe you
should go after her." "I will. Right after this pain goes away." Tenchi got
up. "I’m gonna go find her now." He ran into the rain. Aieko was still
running when she fell and hurt her leg. "Ow. Why me?" Suddenly a monkey came
out of a tree. "Chichinu. Where have you been?" Aieko picked up Chichinu and
gave him a hug. "You now, I missed you. Ever since I was frozen, I haven’t
seen you. It’s ok no one’s around." Chichinu then stood up and changed into
a human form. "Aieko, are you alright?" "Yeah. I’m fine. How’s life been
treating ya." "Do you know how much trouble I got in when you joined
Yoshido! What were you thinking?!" "I’m sorry?" "Your sorry?! Sorry won’t
cut it Aieko. I’m your guardian, I have to protect you. Look at you, you
just fell and hurt yourself." "I’m fine." "Can you stand up?" "No." "Here
let me help you up." Suddenly Chichinu smelled the air. "Someone’s coming, I
have to change now." "Okay." Chichinu changed back into a monkey. Tenchi
walked up to Aieko. Aieko backed up against a tree, Chichinu on her
shoulder. Tenchi looked at her leg, it was bleeding and covered in mud. "Oh
my god. Are you alright?" "Get the hell away from me. I don’t need your
help." "I can’t leave you here bleeding." "Please go away." Aieko put her
head down. Tenchi took his hand and lifted her head, her face was soaking
wet and it looked like she was crying, but he couldn’t tell. "Aieko, what’s
wrong? I’m really sorry for what I wrote in my journal. But, I’m came to
show you the next page." He gave her the book. Aieko read it to herself and
started to cry. She looked up and Tenchi, and Tenchi saw her tears roll down
her cheeks. "Do you really feel that way?" Tenchi looked at her eyes and saw
the pain that she was going through, then he looked at her face and saw how
beautiful she was. "Yes. I do. Should we get out of this rain." "Sure, but I
need help." She pointed at her leg. "Oh yeah. Come on up we go." "Chichinu
jumped off her shoulder and ran into the woods. "How? What I supposed to do,
get on your back?" "Yeah." "Okay, I’ll try." Aieko climbed on to Tenchi’s
back. "Okay. Let’s go." Tenchi started to walk home with Aieko on his back.
"Tenchi, maybe we should find somewhere until the rain stops." "I know but,
I don’t see anyplace where we could stop. Wait, wait a minute." He walked
towards an old shack. He kicked open the door. "This is the shack I brought
Ayeka to when she hurt her ankle. What happened to you?" He put Aieko down
to sit and closed the door. "I fell. And my leg hit some rock or something
or the other." "Let me see." Tenchi looked at her leg. "It’s only a little
cut. It’s no big deal." "Do you have a bandage on you?" Aieko the belt off
from around her kimono. "Here. Use this." Tenchi took the piece of cloth,
and wrapped it around her leg. "There you go. That should do until we get
back to the house." Aieko started to fell cold, and was shivering. Tenchi
saw her shivering and looked around. He saw a stack of old newspapers, and
piled them up. "What are you doing?" Tenchi picked up two sticks. "I’m gonna
make a fire." He started to rub the two sticks together. Aieko took
something out of her pocket. "This might work. At least I know it would."
Tenchi turned to see Aieko holding a lighter. "Give me that. You mean to
tell me you had that and didn’t give it to me." "Sorry. You never asked."
Tenchi lit the newspapers and sat down on the bench across the from Aieko.
"You should be warm in a little while." "Thanks."

Aieko squeezed out the water from her kimono. "I hate these stupid things.
They’re so girly. I don’t know how Ayeka can wear these without
complaining." "So why not wear regular clothes?" "I don’t know I don’t have
any." They both stayed pretty quit for a while. Aieko turned her head and
looked outside. "I don’t think this rain is gonna let up." "What?" "Looks
like where stuck here for the night. Unless they find us. That’s if they
ever come looking." "If I know Ryoko, she’ll come looking pretty soon." "So
Tenchi. Tell me the truth. Did you mean all the things you wrote? Or was it
there just in case I read it?" Tenchi looked at Aieko’s face. "I don’t know.
I really don’t know. It’s one minute I hate you, and the other I love.."
"Love?" <Uh oh. Did I say the wrong word?> "No." "I heard you, you said
love." "Yes. I did say love." "Really?" "Yes. I love almost everything you
do. I love the way you fight, the way your voice sounds, the way you smile,
I love the way your eyes make me say things I don’t even want to say. But
the I think the thing I love most is you." Aieko looked at Tenchi. "You
don’t know how much relief my heart feels, now that you told me that. Not
the fact that I like you too, but the fact that someone besides Jade loves
me." "You know what else?" "What?" "When I looked at you today, I saw your
eyes and I knew that I had feelings for you." Tenchi touched Aieko’s face.
Aieko moved in towards Tenchi’s face and kissed him. Then she moved back. "I
love you too. I know you love me, now. So you don’t have to tell me. But I
only have one question." "What?" "How is Ryoko and Ayeka gonna take this?"
Tenchi looked at Aieko. "I don’t know. Maybe they shouldn’t know." Suddenly
the door was kicked down. Aieko and Tenchi looked over at the door and saw
Ryoko standing there. "Okay, what’s going on in here! Why didn’t you guys
get back to the house like you were supposed to?!" Washu walked in the
shack. She saw Aieko’s leg. "I’d figure you’d be hurt. Good thing I bought
my first aid kit." Washu opened the box, and took out some bandages. Jade
walked into the shack. "Um Ryoko I think you can go now." "Oh no! I’m not
gonna leave those two alone. I don’t trust that Aieko." "Don’t worry. They
won’t be alone. Washu and I will be here." "Okay. But you better be back at
the house in 20 minutes." "We’ll be there." Ryoko looked at Aieko and Tenchi
and then teleported away. "Don’t worry about her. So, Aieko, Tenchi what
were you both doing in this old shack?" Aieko and Tenchi looked at each
other and smiled. "Oh nothing. We were just sitting here and talking."
"Yeah. Aieko and I were just talking." Washu and Jade looked at each other.
"Sure you were." "I don’t know about you Washu but I don’t believe them one
bit." Aieko and Tenchi smiled.

Well that’s the end of part five. I know you guys are like, NO HE SHOULD
LOVE RYOKO! But, that’s what everyone expects, so now you know expect the
unexpected. Well don’t kill me for it. Don’t worry I’m thinking of a story
with Ryoko gets Tenchi ok. So after Hello Aieko Part 6, you’ll get your
Ryoko story. E-mail me what you thought about all five so far. See ya when I
see ya. :)
