                                        Hello Aieko: Part Six

It's me again. This is the last part to the Hello Aieko story. I hope you
like it. Oh yeah. I do not any of the characters. Only the ones you never
saw on tv before. So read and please, I'm begging you. Tell me what you
thought of it. Well I hope you like it.

                  Tenchi looked at Aieko sleeping on the floor of her
room. (Aieko doesn't like beds that much, you know after all that
happened with Yoshido and all.) He walked over and keeled in front her.
"Hey sleepy head. Get up." Aieko opened her eyes. "What do you want?"
"You have to get up. Grandpa said." Aieko sat up. "Ok, fine. Get out and
let me change." Tenchi got up and walked out the room. Aieko walked to
the closet. She opened the door. "I hate wearing these stupid things."
She took out a blue and lavender kimono, but saw a blue and black outfit.
"Wait a minute. I'll wear this and go do a little shopping." Aieko took
the outfit out of her closet and put the kimono back in. She then started
change into the outfit. Everyone was downstairs at the table when Tenchi
came down. "Where is she?!" "Ryoko calm down, she's upstairs getting
changed." "Good." Tenchi sat down at the table. Jade looked up. "Aieko
said start without her." Everyone looked at her. "What? She did." "How do
you know?" "Oh yeah. Aieko and I have that connection." "Oh" They all
started to eat. All of a sudden they heard Aieko running down the stairs.
"Sorry I'm late." Everyone was staring at her as she was standing there.
"What? Is it that bad. I mean . . ." "Aieko? Where's your kimono?" Aieko
looked at Jade. "Upstairs. Where else would it be?" "It's not where it
would it be, it's where it should be. That's on you!" "Come on Jade
listen to yourself, your sounding like dad."  "But you know that we are
not supposed to have on anything else but our kimono's when we're out of
Nyon." Aieko turned at Tenchi. "How do you like it?" Tenchi stopped
staring at her. "It's nice." "He likes it." (If your wondering, Aieko is
wearing her battle suit. It's kind of like Ryoko's red and black one only
it's blue, not red, it's two piece tank top and pants. The tank top is
sleeveless.) She sat down in her usual spot at the table. Aieko looked at
Jade. "Jade, I can't stand those stupid kimono's. You can't do anything
in them but walk." Jade looked up. "Don't worry about it. All you have to
do is promise to take me with you." "With me where?" "Shopping of
course." "Cool." They all finished eating and Aieko jumped up. "Well,
we're off." Aieko and Jade started walked out of the door. Ryoko and the
others also left to go on vacation, leaving Tenchi, Washu, Narabouki, and
Yosho at home. Washu got up. "Tenchi. Can you please follow me into my
lab for a minute?" "Sure." Tenchi got up and followed Washu into her lab.
Washu closed the door behind Tenchi. "Tenchi, do you know why I called
you here?" Tenchi looked at Washu. "No, I don't know why you called me in
here." Washu walked over to her computer. "Well, I have to show you some
thing." She pressed a button and a huge ship showed up on screen. Tenchi
looked at the ship in amazement at how big the ship was. "Who's ship is
that?" Washu turned around towards Tenchi. "This is Yoshido's ship. I've
been tracking him since the real Aieko was discovered. He's near the
earth, just off the cost of Mars." Tenchi stood there staring at the
ship. "I thought he was dead, I thought Aieko killed him." "Well Tenchi,
Aieko said she just escaped, she never said she killed him." Tenchi
calmed down a little. "So, why do you think he's here." Washu turned
towards the computer. "For one thing and one thing only." A picture of
Aieko popped up on the screen. "I should have known. I got go save her."
"Hurry. Her life is in your hands." Tenchi ran out of the lab. Aieko and
Jade were in the mall looking at all the people. "Jade, why did you run
away?" Jade turned and looked at Aieko. "I heard your ship had crashed
and you were dead. I hated the woman dad married and I couldn't live with
her anymore. So I ran away." "But Jade. You were living with a robot all
those years." "I know. I couldn't stand losing two sisters. You were
frozen for all eternity and the robot had died as they told me. So I ran
away to end the suffering." Aieko looked at her sister. She moved forward
and gave her a hug. "I'm sorry I left you." A guy walked over to them and
tapped Aieko on the shoulder. Aieko looked up at him. "You want
something?" "Yeah, your phone number."  Aieko stood up. "First of all,
whack pick up line and your out of luck. I don't have a phone number. Not
for you to have anyway." The guy got angry. He grabbed Aieko's arm. "Are
you dissing me?" Aieko looked at the guy in the face then she looked at
her arm in which the guy was holding. Then she looked up at the guy
again. "I know you are not holding my arm." She turned to Jade. "I know
this dude is not holding my arm." She turned  and looked at the guy. "Now
I know you are not touching me!" "Yeah, I'm touching you and what you
gonna do about it." "Oh I'll tell you what I'm gonna do about it. In fact
I'll show you!" "Huh . . ." The guy didn't get to finish his sentence,
because Aieko kicked him in the face. The guy fell to the floor. Jade who
was watching from the side, got pulled into a dark corner. The guy who
was on the floor got up. "You know what? Forget this." He ran out of the
mall holding his face. Aieko started to dust herself off, when she heard
a voice. "You sure did show him, didn't you." "Yeah, I guess I did." She
turned around and saw Tenchi standing there. He was sweaty and he was
breathing really hard. "What happened to you? Did you run all the way
here?" "In fact . . . I did actually. Can we leave now?" "Ok." They both
walked out of the mall. On there way home. Aieko turned to Tenchi.
"Tenchi. I've been meaning to tell you something." Tenchi turned towards
her. "You know Aieko before you tell me anything, I've been meaning to
tell you this. That day in the shed. It was a mistake." "What?" "Yeah.
The whole kiss thing. It was all a mistake." Aieko turned and started to
walk way. But she turned around and looked at Tenchi. "Thank god."
"What?" "I actually kicked myself last night for that. I mean what the
hell was I thinking?" "So you mean that . . ." "You thought I liked you?
Please I hate your guts." Tenchi pushed her out of the way and started
walking. Aieko transported in front of him. "What? Come on Tenchi, don't
tell me that you actually thought I liked you." Tenchi looked up at her.
"Are you crazy. I only did that for a cheap thrill. I was even hoping I
would get laid." Aieko stopped. "You were hoping that if you told me all
that stuff, you would get some?" "Yeah. I mean come on." "I don't want to
hear it. I just want you to know, if you want to get laid. Go to Ryoko or
Ayeka. I know they'll be more than happy to help." She grabbed his arm
and transported them both to the front of the house.  Washu was sitting
on the couch, when Aieko and Tenchi walked in the door arguing. She got
up. "Hey!" The two stopped arguing and looked at Washu. "What are you two
arguing about?" Tenchi pointed at Aieko. "We are not arguing about me."
She slapped his hand away. "We are arguing about that little accident,
no, not accident, that huge mistake that happened in the shack!" Washu
turned at Tenchi. "What did you say?!" Tenchi looked at Washu. "Why are
you getting on my case?!" "I don't wanna hear it. Just tell me what you
told her." "I told her that I only kissed her for a cheap thrill."
"That's all you told her?" Tenchi nodded. "Yeah that's all I said." Aieko
rolled her eyes. "That is not all you said you idiot." "What did he tell
you Aieko." "He also said that he was even hoping to get laid." Washu
turned to Tenchi. "You said that." "Yes he did." "I can speak for
myself." Tenchi looked at Washu. "Yeah I said it." Washu turned towards
her lab. "Tenchi can you follow me for a second. Washu walked in to the
lab, and Tenchi followed her. Washu closed the door and walked over to
Tenchi. She slapped him in the head. "Ow. What was that for?" "Are you
stupid?! What are ya trying to do, make her run away?!" Tenchi just stood
there rubbing his head. "Did you really mean what you told her?" Tenchi
crossed his arms. "I don't know?" "It's not you don't know. It's either
you meant it, or didn't mean it." Tenchi didn't answer her. "Well?" "Ok.
I didn't mean it." "I knew it." Washu walked to the door. "Aieko! Can you
come her for a minute?"  Aieko walked into the lab. "What do you want?"
"What did you tell Tenchi." "I told him it was a huge mistake and that I
actually kicked myself for it." "You did?" "Yeah. Why?" Washu walked over
to her. She slapped her in the back of her head. "What the hell is wrong
with you. I want both of you to shake hands and make up." Washu pushed
Aieko towards Tenchi. The both screamed at the same time. "No way!" The
both turned there backs to each other. "Why won't you two both accept the
fact that you both didn't mean what you said! And the fact that the kiss
wasn't a mistake!" She turned them both to face each other and put their
hands into each other's. "Now shake and make up!" Aieko stared at Tenchi
and Tenchi stared back. "From this day on I declare war between you and
I!" Tenchi tightened his grip. "Fine with me." They both shook hands.
"You two are impossible." "I'm not impossible he is. He's a jerk
actually." She pulled her hand away and started to walk away. Tenchi got
angry. "You know what Aieko?" She turned around. "I should just give him
your location. At least he'll take you away from here, and there will be
no more you." "And just who are you talking about?" "You know exactly who
I'm talking about." "No. I don't." Well since you don't know, I'll tell
you. Yoshido." Aieko froze. Everything turned hazy. She felt dizzy. She
feel to her knees. "No! He can't be hear. I don't want him to take me
back. I don't wanna go." She started to cry. Tenchi walked over to her.
"What's wrong?" "He's coming after me! I have to run! I have to leave. I
can't let him torture me again. Now let go!" Tenchi looked her in the
eyes. "Stop. I'm sorry I said that. I didn't mean it." "So Yoshido's not
coming after me?" "Yes he is, but." "But? But what?"
"He's stopped at mars. You have enough time. Just don't leave. Not yet."
Aieko hugged Tenchi, and started crying again. "I don't want him to get
me. I don't want that pain anymore. I can't stand it anymore. I can't. I
won't. I don't want him to get me." Tenchi put his hand on her head. "I
won't let him get you. I promise." Tenchi got up and picked up Aieko.
"Washu. I'm gonna take her to her room. I think she needs to sleep. From
the excitement and all." "Yeah. You do that." He walked out of the lab.
And up the stairs. Tenchi looked at Aieko. He saw that she was asleep. He
pushed open the door to her room and went inside. Tenchi placed her on
Jades bed, since it was empty. Where was Jade anyway? He covered Aieko
with the blanket. He stared at her while she slept. "You know. I hope you
can hear me. But, I didn't mean to say all those things. I was just too
scared that you would leave me. I also didn't mean to make you scared.
Yoshido is coming, but I won't let him get you. I promise." Tenchi move a
few strands of hair from her face. "You know. I do love you. I'm not
afraid to say it. The only thing I'm really afraid of is that you won't
love me back." Tenchi moved his face towards Aieko and kissed her. He
felt a hand on his neck. He opened his eyes and saw that Aieko was awake.
"I do love you Tenchi. Hey. You know when you said you wanted to get
laid." "Yeah." "Well. Here's your chance."
           Washu was sitting at her computer typing when she heard the
door fly open. She turned to see Jade standing in the doorway. "Jade are
you crazy! Bursting in on me like that. You almost gave me a heart
attack." Jade walked into the lab. "Yoshido is here." "I know he's off
the coast of Mar . . ." "NO! He's here." Washu jumped up. "Your kidding."
Jade shook her head. "Damn. Whatever you do, do not tell Aieko. Ok." "Got
it. I'm gonna go to bed, if that's ok with you." She started to walk off,
but Washu stopped her. "Whoa, whoa, whoa! Hey! I think you should sleep
here tonight." "Why?" "No reason." "I know why. Aieko and Tenchi are
doing the nasty aren't they?" "How did you know?" "Aieko blocked me off."
"Oh. Well just sleep down here for tonight." "Alright."
   Next morning Aieko walked into the bathroom. She clicked on the light,
and walked to the sink. She took her toothbrush from the medicine cabinet
and started to brush her teeth. When she was done she put her toothbrush
back in the cabinet. Then she closed the door and looked in the mirror.
She saw a face and turned around. "Calm down. It's only me." Aieko calmed
down. "Tenchi. You scared me half to death." "I thought you didn't scare
easily." "Shut up." "I was just coming to check on you." "Please. He's
off the coast of Mars right? I don't have to worry not yet at least."
"Whatever you say." "You can use the bathroom now." Aieko walked out of
the bathroom, and into her room. She walked over to the closet and opened
the door. Aieko was searching through the clothes when she heard a voice.
"Did you miss me?" Aieko froze as she recognized the voice. She started
to tremble and a tear ran down her face. She turned around to face him.
      Tenchi walked over to the table and sat down. Jade looked at him
and started giggling. Tenchi looked over at Jade with a confused look on
his face. "What's so funny?" "I see someone's happy." "What are you
talking about?" "I know what you and Aieko did?" Tenchi looked even more
confused. "What did we do?" "What do you think I am stupid. I know you
two were getting it on last night." Tenchi choked on his food. Washu
walked in and slapped Jade on her head. "Hey. We don't need him dead at
this moment. Tenchi." "What?" "So, what did you and Aieko do last night?"
"Umm . .  you know stuff." "What kind of stuff?" Tenchi looked over at
Jade. "Stuff that doesn't concern you." Tenchi started eating again. "I
just wanna know one thing." Tenchi didn't even bother to look up at Jade.
"And what's that?" "I just wanna know if you used protection." Tenchi
started choke again. Washu slapped Jade on the back of her head again.
Narabouki walked in. "Protection for what?" Tenchi stopped Jade just as
she was about to talk. "Nothing. Nothing. Jade just likes to say crap.
Stuff that has no meaning to it at all." Washu looked up at Tenchi. "Oh
Tenchi. I forgot to tell you. Yoshido is here." Tenchi once again choked
on his food. "Oh god. What you guys trying to do today. Kill me." "No.
Yoshido is really here." "Ow!" Suddenly Jade held her head. "What's
wrong?" "It's Aieko. She's screaming. She's saying help her. Yoshido's
upstairs." " Oh my god! We have to save her." Tenchi jumped up from the
table and ran up the stairs. Jade and Washu right behind him. Tenchi came
up to Aieko's room and tried to open the door. It was locked. Tenchi
started banging on the door. "Aieko!" Jade had an idea. "Wait. I have an
idea." Suddenly Jade started yelling monkey calls. Tenchi started to kick
the door down. "Why are you making monkey calls?" Suddenly Chichinu came
running up the stairs. Jade picked him up. "Aieko is in trouble. Why are
you in your animal form? Hurry up and change." Tenchi got mad. "What is
talking to a monkey gonna do?! Help us save Aieko?!" Jade put Chichinu on
the ground, and looked at Tenchi. "Yes. It will." Suddenly Chichinu
turned into a man with silver hair and gray eyes. Tenchi just stood there
looking stupid. Chichinu walked over to the door. "Stand back please."
Tenchi moved back. Chichinu put his hand on the door and blasted it down.
He walked into the room, everyone behind him. The room was empty, and the
window was open. Tenchi ran over to the window. "He took her. She's
gone." Chichinu walked over to him. "No they're not. They're still in the
room. I can smell him." Inside the closet Yoshido had his hand over
Aieko's mouth. "You know Aieko. I missed you. You were my best warrior.
Why'd you run away? Why did you try to kill me? Were you not happy with
me? I mean I loved you so much. But you didn't want to love me. Why is
that?" He took his hand off of Aieko's mouth. "You scream and I'll kill
you." "I don't care if you kill me." "Oh. Then what if I kill lover boy
over there? He is right in my range. Now you wouldn't want that to happen
would you." Aieko looked at Tenchi. "No. Don't kill him. I'll go with
you. But, only if you promise not to hurt anyone." "Promise." Chichinu
sniffed the air. "The closet. There in the closet." Tenchi started to
walk slowly to towards the closet. When he was just about open the
closet, the door burst opened. Chichinu ran over to Tenchi and pushed him
out of the way. A man came bursting out of the closet holding Aieko. He
pushed Aieko to the side. Tenchi looked up at the two men standing face
to face. They both looked exactly alike. "I should have known you would
end up working as the king's jackass." "At least I still have my loyalty
to my country." "Ha. And what is loyalty?" "I regret ever having you as a
brother. You are not taking Aieko. If you touch her, you die." Tenchi got
up and stood next to Chichinu. "I guarantee it. I love Aieko. If you
touch her. I swear. I'll be dancing on your grave." Chichinu looked at
Tenchi. "What? I meant what I said." Chichinu looked back at Yoshido.
Yoshido looked at Tenchi. "Well. If Aieko can't come with me." He took
out a gun, and pulled Tenchi over to him. He put the gun up to Tenchi's
head. "I guess I'll just have to kill him." Aieko jumped up. "No! Don't
kill him. I'll come with you." Tenchi looked at Aieko. "Aieko no! You
can't go with him." Aieko walked over to them. "Let him go and then we'll
go. You said if I came with you, you wouldn't hurt him." Yoshido let go
of Tenchi and grabbed Aieko. "Let's go. My ship is waiting." He started
to walk off with Aieko. "Wait let me say goodbye." Yoshido rolled his
eyes. "Oh alright. But you have one minute." Aieko jerked her arm away
from Yoshido's grip. She walked over to Washu and gave her a hug. "Thanks
for everything Washu you were like the mother I never had. Well you
know." She walked over to Jade, and gave her a hug. "Jade take care of
yourself." "I always do." She walked over to Tenchi. " I love you. I hope
you don't forget me." Tenchi looked at Aieko. "I love you too. And I
promise. I will never forget you. I won't have to. I promise I will get
you back." Aieko pulled Tenchi closer to her and gave him a kiss. Yoshido
rolled his eyes. "Ok. That's enough goodbyes. Let's go Aieko. Aieko
transported next to Yoshido. He grabbed Aieko's hand. Aieko tugged it
away. "I can walk for myself. She looked over at Tenchi. Tenchi looked
back at Aieko and then he looked at Yoshido. "I'll be seeing you again.
And I swear if you touch her. You will regret ever taking her away from
me in the first place." Yoshido and Aieko transported to the ship, and
flew away.  Chichinu walked over to Tenchi. "I hope you know. I want the
pleasure of killing my brother. Now let's move out. We're going after
them." "How? We don't have a ship." Jade walked over to them. "I
disagree. We have my ship. Follow me." They all walked out of the room
and outside to the front of the lake. Washu looked at Jade. "Your ship is
in the lake?" "No." Jade turned towards the trees. "It's in there. Stand
back." Jade held her to hands out in front of each other. She closed her
eyes. The wind started to blow. "What's going on?"  "Jade is getting her
ship." Tenchi looked over at Jade. Two green circles showed up on her
forehead. Jade opened her eyes and they were glowing green. Suddenly the
trees started to ripped out of the ground. The wind started to blow
harder. The ground started to shake. Jade's ship started to rise up out
of the ground. Jade put her hand's down. "Let's go." Everyone started to
walk to the ship. Inside, everyone was in the control ship. "Ok.
Chichinu, your in your usual spot. Washu can you be were I usually sit?"
"And where is that?" "Main computers. That seat right over there." Jade
turned to Tenchi. "Tenchi you can sit over there next to Washu at the
tracking computer." "Right." Jade sat down in a chair and connected an
ear piece to her ear. "Ok. Let's go."
          In space everyone was becoming tired. Jade looked over at
Tenchi. "How far off are they?" "There on Neptune. That's were they
stopped."  Jade turned to Chichinu. "Full speed ahead." "Yes ma'am." The
ship went speeding towards Neptune. When it reached, the ship landed.
"Everyone get ready for battle." Jade walked out of the control room and
back again. Only when she came back in, she wasn't wearing her kimono.
She was wearing a tight white pants and a matching top. " Don't stand
there staring. Let's go!" She walked out of the control room. "That's my
girlfriend." Tenchi and Washu looked at Chichinu. "What?" They walked out
of the control room leaving Chichinu there. Chichinu followed them. "She
is."
         On Yoshido's ship. Aieko was in her old room when Yoshido walked
in with a woman. The woman had a mask over her face. "Meet your servant.
She'll help you prepare for the wedding." Aieko stood up from the bed.
"What wedding?" Yoshido started laughing. "Our wedding." Aieko dropped
the teddy bear she was holding. "What do you mean our wedding?" "Oh yeah.
I forgot to tell you. We're getting married. If you like it or not." He
started to walk away, but Aieko transported in front of him. "You can't
do this to me! You have to stop letting your jealousy get to you. You
already killed your brother. . ." "Shut up! We are getting married. This
way no one can have. No one but me! Like I said, we are getting married!
Whether you like it or not!" He pushed Aieko out of the way and walked
out of the room. From the hallway, Yoshido could hear Aieko screaming. He
turned to the guards. "Watch these doors. She doesn't come out and nobody
goes in." He walked away. Inside the room, Aieko was screaming and
cursing. The servant started to measure her and record the measurements.
Aieko stopped and looked at the servant. "Is he serious?! I mean does he
really think he's gonna marry me?!" "Yoshido means it. He tracked you
down and saw you with that young boy. Boy was he jealous. Now he's gonna
marry you to make sure that no one else has you. Ok. Here's your wedding
dress." Aieko turned and looked at the closet. There was a black skirt
with a top that looked like bikini top.  The skirt had slits on both
sides all the way to the waist. "I'm gonna wear that?" "Yup." "Well, at
least he has some fashion sense." Meanwhile at the docking base of
Yoshido's ship, the hero's are on there way to helping Aieko. "Ok you
guys. Looks like my brother's having some kind of party." Tenchi tapped
Chichinu on his shoulder. "What's the deal with your brother anyway?"
Chichinu sighed and rolled his eyes. "Do I really have to tell you that
long story?" "I'll tell him." Jade turned to Tenchi. "I know the first
thing your thinking is Yoshido and Chichinu are twins." Tenchi shook his
head yes. "Wrong. They're triplets." "But, if they're triplets, where's
the other one." "Dead. See long ago, Yoshi had a major crush on Aieko,
and at the same time, so did Yoshido. So, Yoshi got to Aieko first, and
Yoshido became jealous. So the same day that Aieko and Yoshi had there
first date, Yoshido killed Yoshi. Good thing Chichinu liked me. I
couldn't stand the thought of losing him." Washu stood up from there
hiding spot. "I think the wedding is about to start." Tenchi looked up at
her. "What makes you so sure it's a wedding?" Washu pointed at the
entrance to a ballroom. "See the sign?" Tenchi turned and saw a huge
sign. It read: Wedding of Aieko and Yoshido. In her room, Aieko was
already dressed. "I can't believe I let you talk me into this." "Just go
with it. I'm sure the young boy will be here soon enough." Suddenly the
door opened. The guards came in. "Yoshido calls for you." Aieko looked at
the servant. "Go. Tenchi will be here soon enough." Aieko picked up the
bouquet and walked out of the room. In the ball room, Yoshido was waiting
impatiently. "Where is she?!" The door opened, and Aieko was standing
there in the so called wedding dress. She transported next to Yoshido. "I
see you made it." He brushed a hand over Aieko's face. She slapped his
hand away. "Don't touch me!" Yoshido turned to the audience. "Let the
wedding service begin." He looked at Aieko. "Oh yeah. You didn't think I
wouldn't invite your family huh." Yoshido pointed to a wall behind Aieko.
Aieko turned and faced the wall. The wall lifted up and she saw her dad
chained to the wall. "Daddy!" Her father looked up at her. "Don't Aieko.
Don't go through with it." Yoshido put his hands on Aieko's shoulder.
"Don't think I forgot someone." He pointed to the other person chained to
the wall. Aieko couldn't see the person's face. But she saw the person
had long dark blue hair. Just like hers. "Who is that?" Yoshido pushed
her. "Go take a closer look." Aieko walked over to person. She lifted the
persons head so she can see their face. Aieko gasped. "Mom." Aieko
brushed her hand over her mothers face. "I thought you were dead." "Well,
as you can see I'm not." Aieko got up and turned to the audience.
"Alright! The party's over. Everybody out!" She blasted the floor in
front the guest, and they all ran out of the room. She then turned and
started to walk to Yoshido. She didn't stopped until she was just inches
in from his face. "Are you angry?" "Shut up! You know from experience
that I had the guts to this." Aieko lifted her hand and slapped him in
the face. "But you never knew that I had the guts to do this." She
punched him in the face and Yoshido fell to the ground. "Or this." Aieko
then kicked him in his face knocking him out. She took the keys from
Yoshido's pocket and walked over to her mother and unlocked the chains.
She gave her mother a hug, and then went over to unlock her father. When
her father was free they both just stood there staring at each other for
a while. Suddenly Aieko went towards her father and gave him a hug. "I'm
missed you daddy." "I missed you too Aieko. I missed you too." Suddenly
Tenchi, Jade, and Chichinu came in. "Aieko." Aieko turned and looked at
Tenchi. She started to run towards Tenchi, and Tenchi started to run
towards her. They both reached each other and gave each other a hug.
"Aieko are you . . ." Tenchi didn't even get to finish his sentence
because Aieko had already kissed him. Aieko's mother walked over to Jade.
"Jade. Give me a hug." Jade gave her mother a hug. She turned and looked
at Aieko and Tenchi who were still locked in a kiss. "So I see Aieko has
found a love." Jade shook her head yes. "And so have I." Jade walked over
to Chichinu and held his hand. "Can I mom? Please."Her mother sighed and
rolled her eyes. "Ok. Why not." Jade hugged Chichinu and then hugged her
mother. "Thank you." Then there was a voice from behind Jade's mother.
"Asia." Jade's mother turned to see her husband standing there. "Lee.
Good to see you. I heard you remarried." Lee ran over to his wife and
gave her a hug. "For many years I searched for you. But I never found
you. I thought remarrying would ease my broken heart. I guess I was
wrong. No one can ever replace you. Not in a million years." Jade walked
up to her dad. Jade flung her arms around her father embracing him in a
hug. "I'm sorry I ran away daddy. I should have never run away." "No. I
should have never remarried to that witch." Jade walked over to Chichinu.
"Um, daddy? I also need your approval in order to actually be with
Chichinu. So. . ." Jade held Chichinu's hand. "Can I? Please." "Well. .
." Asia elbowed her husband in his side. "Oh alright you guys can be
together." Jade hugged her dad again. "Oh thank you so much daddy. I love
you so much." Lee turned to his daughter who was now hugging Tenchi.
"What about her? Does she need approval?" "I don't think so."  Tenchi
felt relieved to have Aieko in his arms again. He didn't know what he
would do if he had lost her. Aieko at the same time was thinking the same
thing. "Aieko are you ok?" "Yeah I'm fine. But I think your just a little
to late on your rescuing." Aieko pointed to Yoshido who was on the floor
out cold. "I see. So who's that?" Tenchi motioned to Aieko's mother.
"That's Asia. My mother. Want to meet her?" "Sure let's go." Tenchi and
Aieko walked over to the rest. Yoshido started to wake up. He lifted his
head and saw Aieko with Tenchi. He got up feeling a little jealous. His
head still hurt from that punch, or whatever happened. He kept staring at
Aieko. He saw Aieko's hand hold onto Tenchi's. This made Yoshido green
with envy. He glared at Tenchi, and started to walk towards them.
"Alright! Family reunion is over!" Tenchi turned around and walked up to
Yoshido and looked him in his face. "Tenchi don't." Yoshido looked at
Tenchi. "I want you all off my ship." Yoshido shoved Tenchi's shoulder.
"Fine!" Tenchi pushed Yoshido back. "We'll go. But Aieko's coming with
us." "No she' not! She's staying with me!" "Look! We are gonna walk out
of here, and we are gonna walk out with Aieko with us!" Yoshido moved to
the side. "Fine. Go."  They all started to walk towards the door, but
were stopped when they reached it. "I just have one question." Tenchi
didn't even bother to turn around. "And what question is that?" Yoshido
took out a gun. "Ever see a dead man walk?" Aieko froze, but manage to
turn herself around. "No!" But Yoshido had already shot the gun and it
hit Tenchi. Tenchi fell to the ground. Aieko fell to her knees right next
to Tenchi. "Tenchi are you ok?" Tenchi sat up. "Yeah. I got shot though."
Aieko giggled. "This isn't the time for jokes. Where'd you get hit?"
Tenchi held his side. "I'm guessing the place where I'm bleeding. I mean
that would be my first guess." Aieko playfully punched him in shoulder.
"We better get you medical attention." Aieko helped Tenchi up, and Jade
helped him walk. Aieko started to walk away, when she heard Yoshido's
voice. "Aieko. I will find you again. I always do." Aieko stopped
walking. "You guys go ahead I have unfinished business to attend to." The
others walked off to Jade's ship where Washu was waiting for them. Aieko
spun around and faced Yoshido. Yoshido saw her eyes glowing blue.
"Yoshido, I know that you will never find me again. You won't even be
able to walk." "And what makes you think that?" Aieko started to charge
up her powers. "Ever see a dead man walk?"   Everyone was in the ship and
had taken off when they heard an explosion. "What was that?" "That was
Aieko. She just killed Yoshido. And maybe herself." Tenchi turned and
stared at Jade. ":What do you mean and maybe herself?!" Jade looked at
Tenchi and matched his stare. "Well Aieko's powers are so strong that
using that much energy could kill her." Aieko opened the door and slowly
walked into the control room. Tenchi got up, ignoring the pain in his
side, and ran over to catch Aieko before she fell. "Aieko. Are you ok?"
Aieko giggled. "I'm just bleeding. I've had worse then this." Aieko
inhaled through her teeth at the pain in her side. "Ok forget what I
said. I never had worse than this." Tenchi laughed. Her looked at Aieko
as her breathing slowed down and her eyes started to close.  "Aieko! Stay
up. Don't close your eyes." Aieko slowly opened her eyes, and looked at
Tenchi. She put her hand on his face and started to trace his features,
leaving blood as her hand touched his face. "Your so beautiful. That's
why I'm gonna regret doing this." Tenchi took her hand from his face and
held it tightly. "Regret doing what? What are you talking about Aieko?"
Aieko forced herself to sit up. "There is an escape pod on dock 27. You
and Washu can use it to go back to earth. My family and I will continue
to go on to Nyon." Tenchi shook his head and held back the tears in his
eyes. "No! I'm not gonna lose you again. I love. . ." Aieko squeezed his
hand lightly. "I know you love me. I just don't think this will work out.
My life is to full of danger. I can't have you. . . I can't. . . I. . ."
"What?! You can't what?" Aieko looked him in the eyes. "I can't put you
in the same trouble as I'm in. So you have to leave. Jade load the escape
pod." Jade turned to the computer behind her and started to type. She
then turned back to Aieko. "Escape pod loaded and ready for launching."
Aieko turned to Washu. "Washu, you and Tenchi go. I'll miss you guys."
Tenchi grabbed Aieko by the shoulders and kissed her. "Tell me that meant
something to you. Tell me it meant something to you!" "Tenchi I never
said I stopped loving you. I will always love you. I just can't put you
in any more danger! So you have to go. I love you, but you have to go."
Tenchi started shaking his head. "No! I'm staying with you." Tenchi
leaned his forehead on hers. "I can't leave you. I need you." Aieko
lifted her head, and tears started to fall down her face. "I'm sorry.
Guards!" Two guards walked into there control room. "Take him to the
escape pod." The two guards walked over and grabbed Tenchi by his arms.
"Aieko no! I can't leave you Aieko! Don't do this!" Aieko started
sobbing. "I'm sorry. I really am sorry." The guards started to drag him
out of the control room. "No! I can't leave her! Let go of me!" Tenchi
was still yelling as the guards dragged him off to the escape pod. Washu
was in there waiting. Aieko ran to her mom and started sobbing even more
as she rested her head on her shoulder. "Aieko. Why? You love him." Lee
put his hand on Asia's shoulder. "That's exactly why. She loves him to
much to see him get involved or hurt" Aieko let go of her mother and ran
towards dock 27. Tenchi was still struggling to get free when he saw
Aieko run around the corner. "Aieko!" "Tenchi!" The guards threw Tenchi
in the escape pod and Washu caught him to stopped him from hitting the
ground. The guards pushed the button to close the door. Aieko started to
run faster holding her side and feeling the blood against her fingers.
Tenchi tried to run towards her but Washu was holding him back. The door
started to close and Tenchi started to get out of Washu's grip, and Aieko
tried to run faster. Washu lost her grip on Tenchi and he started to run
to the door, but it closed and locked as he reached it. At the same time
Aieko had reached the door to the escape pod. "Aieko!" Tenchi punched the
door and he saw Aieko run up to the window. Aieko put her hands on the
window, leaving bloody hand prints. Tenchi looked at her as the tears
streaked down her face. He even had tears in his eyes too. Aieko looked
at Tenchi as he stared at her and she saw tears roll down his cheeks.
Tenchi saw Aieko mouth the words I'm sorry and I love you. He mouthed the
words back at her. Then the escape pod started to take off and Aieko
watched it as it flew away towards earth.
        "And the last time I saw her." Tenchi looked at his friends who
were sitting around him. They were all sitting in the park listening to
Tenchi's story. One them started laughing. "Boy Tenchi. If you want us to
believe that story, you have got to be out of your mind." "It's true. Why
don't you believe me?" "Oh come on man. Nyon. Ha. There is no planet
named Nyon." "Yes. There is a planet named Nyon." His other friend looked
at him. "I believe you Tenchi. Don't listen to jackass over there. Well
I'll see you guys tomorrow." Tenchi waved good bye to his friend. His
other friend had been staring at girls when he saw a blue haired blue
eyed girl in black pants and a tight shirt on. "Tenchi I'll be back in a
sec. Duty calls." Tenchi rolled his eyes. "Whatever." His friend got up
and walked towards the girl. "Excuse me. But I couldn't help notice that
you were looking for something." The girl looked at him. "Someone
actually." "Well if you give me their name, maybe I can help you." "I'm
looking for a guy. Tenchi Musaki do you know him?" Tenchi's friend
stopped grinning and pointed over to the bench where Tenchi was sitting.
"Right this way." Tenchi looked up to see his friend walking toward him
with a girl. No. It couldn't be. "Hey Tenchi this girl was looking for
you." Tenchi got up and stared at the girl. "Aieko?" The girl pulled him
and kissed him. "Oh man! Why do you always get the girls?!" Tenchi's
friend plopped down on the bench. Tenchi pulled back from the girl's
kiss. "Aieko. What are you doing here?" Aieko smiled. "We came to visit
you." "It's been ten months. We? Who's we?" Aieko pointed to the picnic
table, and Tenchi turned to see a surprising site. He saw Jade and
Chichinu sitting there. Jade stomach was huge. He figured that she was
pregnant. Jade got up to wave to Tenchi and Chichinu jumped to catch Jade
incase she fell. Tenchi laughed at the looked on Chichinu's face. "Come
on." Aieko pulled Tenchi over to the picnic table. Jade got up and hugged
Tenchi. Tenchi tried to figure out how he got to hug Jade with her
stomach in the way. He turned to Chichinu and shook his hand.
"Congratulations." Chichinu smiled. "I say the same to you." Aieko tapped
Tenchi's shoulder. " I want you to meet somebody." Tenchi saw Asia walk
out from behind a tree with something in her arms. Lee was walking next
to her. Asia gave him the bundle. It was wrapped in a blanket and it felt
kind of heavy. Tenchi looked at the bundle and then at the three people
looking back at him. "Let me help you." Aieko moved the blanket and an
revealed a face. "Meet Karina (Ka-ree- na). Your daughter." Tenchi looked
down a the sleeping black haired baby. "This is my daughter?" "Yes. It
is." "What's her name?" "Her name is Karina." Tenchi looked up at Aieko.
"She's so beautiful. She looks just like you." "No she doesn't. She looks
like you." Tenchi looked at Jade. "What's yours gonna be?" "Well . . ."
Chichinu cut jade off. "It's gonna be a girl." Jade looked at him. "No
it's not. It's gonna be a boy." Tenchi started laughing at the argument
Jade and Chichinu began. "I know dad's gonna be happy to see Karina."
Tenchi's friend tapped him on the shoulder. "Oh yeah Asia I want you to
meet my best friend.  Jake this is Asia, Asia this is Jake." Asia shook
Jake's hand. "And this is Lee." Jake shook Lee's land. "It's nice to meet
you both." "That's Aieko, Jade, and Chichinu." Jake looked at them and
waved. "So you're the Aieko Tenchi was talking about today. "Yeah. I'm
his girlfriend. And, that's his daughter." Jake turned to Tenchi and gave
him a weird look. "You're a dad?" Tenchi shook his head yes. Jak
stretched hi arms out "Let me see her." Tenchi gave Jake Karina. Jake
took her from Tenchi and looked at her. "Hi little girl. I'm your uncle
Jake." He looked up at Tenchi. "Hey Tenchi. She looks just like you."
Aieko walked over to Tenchi. "I told you. The only thing she has from me,
is my blue eyes." Aieko looked at Jake. "Uh, Jake. Why don't you join
us?"  "Alright." They all sat down at the picnic table and started
talking and laughing. I n her lab, Washu was looking at them on the
computer. "I know they that would happen. Congratulations Tenchi." She
got up,  turned off the computer, and walked out of her lab.

That's it. The last part to Hello Aieko. I hoped you liked it. The next
fan fic I'm writing is called Oh My God. It has Washu and Tenchi it most
of the time. Don't wanna give it away so you have to wait till I write
it. See ya when I see ya.