        Good morning, Sasami-chan.

        Mmm?

        Good morning.  I've come to talk to you.

        OH!  Tsunami!  I ... I'm sorry, I was --

        It's all right, Sasami.  You were up late last night, weren't you?
Looking after Ryouko.

        Yes ... she still hasn't recovered all the way from the fight she
had this week with my sister.  Washuu-chan --

        <ANGER>

        -- uh ... Washuu-san says that she should be okay soon though.
Tsunami?  Did I do something wrong?

        What makes you ask?

        Well, you seemed angry a while ago, and --

        I don't know what you're talking about, Sasami-chan.

        ...

        Sasami-chan?

        Okay ...

        How do you feel about all the fighting?

        It's sad, isn't it?

        I suppose so, Sasami-chan.

        I mean, Ryouko-neechan and Ayeka-neesan really do like each
other.  They just don't want to admit it.  I don't understand why ...

        Don't you?

        ... they're afraid.  But that doesn't make any sense.  I mean, if
they were friends, and then Tenchi-niichan -- OH!

        You do see.

        But that's silly!  Tenchi-niichan wouldn't ... I mean, he's going
to be a Jurain prince, and they have two wives, right?  One from Jurai,
and one from somewhere else?

        That's right, Sasami-chan.

        Like father and mommy and Mother Funaho.  So Tenchi-niichan can
marry Ryouko-neechan and ... and ...

        And what, Sasami-chan?

        That's even sillier!  Why should Ayeka-neesan be upset about being
with Ryouko-neechan?  They *like* each other.

        Yes, Sasami-chan, I think you're right.  They like each other, but
they don't like to admit it.  That's silly, and a little sad, too.

        Very silly!

        I wonder what Tenchi thinks of that?

        I know that Tench-niichan doesn't like the fighting either, but I
don't think he knows how to stop it.  If he'd just tell them to stop they
would --

        But he won't.

        No, he won't.  He really doesn't like being bossy like ... uh,
like some people.

        Like your sister.

        ... yes ...

        Do you feel sad watching Tenchi feel sad, Sasami-chan?

        Yes!  Tenchi-niichan is such a nice person, he should always be
happy.  I just wish there was something I could do to --

        There is, you know.

        What?

        ...

        Tsunami?  What's the way?  How can I help Tenchi-niichan be happy?

        You could try to be there for him.  You could show him that not
all girls want to fight over him, that some want to care about his
feelings.

        ... what are you talking about, Tsunami?

        You know what I'm talking about, Sasami-chan.

        No.  No!  I ... I don't want to do that!  I don't want to treat
Tenchi like, like --

        Like Ayeka-neesan's headband?

        Yes!

        The one you sent him to steal?

        Yes ...

        Do you like taking things from your sister?

        No!  I mean, yes, I mean ... I mean, Tenchi-niichan isn't a thing!
I don't want to treat him like a thing!  I ... I *love* Tenchi-niichan!  I
don't ever want to hurt him like that!  Why are you asking me this
Tsunami?  Why are you making me think these things?

        ...

        Tsunami?

        ...

        TSUNAMI?

        "Yes, Sasami-chan?  What's the matter?"

        Why are you asking me that?  What are you trying to do!

        "... what are you talking about, Sasami-chan?"

        Why are you asking me those questions?!

        "What questions?  Sasami-chan, you woke me up by shouting at me, a
few moments ago.  I have been sleeping for a few hours.  Is something
wrong?"

        ... no ...

        "All right, then.  You were probably having a nightmare of some
sort.  Do you feel better, now?"

        I guess ...

        "It's not surprising that you're having nightmares.  You were up
late last night, weren't you?  Looking after Ryouko."

        ...

        "Sasami-chan?"

Author's Notes

        Back to the original "storyline" of Images of Tenchi, hopefully
answering a few questions about my ideas for Sasami and Tsunami's union.
This is a slightly more frightening conception of how it might creep up on
her than is presented in another author's work, but then that's
appropriate for me, I suppose.

        The characters of Tenchi Muyou were created by Hiroki Hayashi and
Masaki Kajishima, and brought to North America by Pioneer LDC.  This
story, while incorporating aspects of this motion picture held under
copyright by others, is copyright 1999 by Chris Davies.

        Nobody sue me, okay?