

	

	Deep within the dark confines of a secluded lab a madwoman works 
amiss the clicks and clacks of many sinister looking devices. Tinkering 
with fate her nimble little fingers cross her holo-computer at a 
lightning fast pace the petite scientist laughs insanely to herself 
knowing she had once again changed the destiny of mankind.

" I am such a genius" the scientist yells putting a few final touches 
on the experiment that lays before her. Slowly she reaches for her 
project and brings it up to her ruby lips.

" AH..the strongest cup of coffee in the universe created by THE 
GREATEST  SCIENTIFIC GENIUS IN THE UNIVERSE." Washu shouts excitedly 
relived that now annoying interruptions like sleep would not take time 
away from her experiments.

Out of the shadows of her lab two small puppets with her likeness rush 
up to congratulate their master.

"You're a genius Washu." Puppet  A says jumping on it's master shoulder 

"The greatest coffee maker ever ." Puppet B adds fixing itself to Washu 
other shoulder.

BBBBBBBBBBBBRRRRRRRRRRRIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNGGGGGGGG

A alarm cut through the calmness of the lab causing her to drop her 
experimantel coffee to the floor. Quickly it started to eat its way 
throught the ground disappearing from view.

"Maybe it's a bit too strong." Washu admitted while making her way to 
the alarm.

"Hum.I can't remember why I installed this thing." Washu said as she 
shut off the alarm. It had been hanging on her wall in it's crab-like 
casing for as long as she could remember. The sound of a computer 
printing out information increased her curiosity and she ran to read 
the printout for some clue of what was happening as her eyes scanned 
the paper everything began to make sense and after a moment of complete 
shock she managed to speak.

"THIS IS NOT GOOD.." 
_______________________________________________________________________
_

    Tenchi sighed to himself as the usual dinner argument came to a end 
explosions rocking the living room  and dust settling in the air.

"Ha. it's my turn to sit by lord Tenchi." Ayeka smirked cleaning the 
dust off her clothes and seating herself  next to the slightly 
irritated boy.

*cough*  "Lucky shot princess." Ryoko said getting off the floor and 
making her way to a empty seat next to Mihoshi. 

"Can't you two just draw straws like normal people." Tenchi asked 
surveying the recently destroyed living room. The aroma of fried 
noodles entered the room from large serving tray carried by Sasami her 
face showing pride in her latest masterpiece.  

"Smells great Sasami ." Tenchi complemented as he passed out the food 
to everyone. Finally when he was done he saw a extra plate noticing a 
empty seat he started wondering where their resident scientist was.       

"Anyone seen little Washu." Tenchi asked. No sooner than the words left 
his mouth the closet door burst open and the miniature genius came 
running out grabbing Tenchi by the arm she quickly pulled him towards 
the closet the girls following by in close pursuit.

"Little Washu what this all about.dinners getting cold." Tenchi cried 
out as he was dragged through the lab door. 

"Tenchi this is more important than dinner." Washu said exhausted "I 
need you to try to form the lighthawk wings."  

"What.why do you need the lighthawk wings ." Tenchi asked worriedly 

"Are we in some kind of trouble Ms.er Little Washu." Ayeka asked 
fearing another attack.

" Yeah Washu is someone after Tenchi." Ryoko shouted ready to tear 
apart anyone stupid enough to go after her man.

"Look I just got some strange reading awhile ago and I need to compare 
them to the wings alright." Washu said taking out a small monitoring 
device and pointing it towards Tenchi.

Tenchi closed his eyes and concentrated on summoning the wings. After 
the fight with Kagato he had been practicing the summoning and found it 
got easier with constant practice. Soon the air around Tenchi began to 
glow and his clothes changed to a jurian warrior outfit his face became 
tattooed with blue stripes and a glowing energy sword appeared in his 
hand. Excited Washu took her device and began recording the amount of 
energy produced by the wings.

"Ah now to compare it to the result from earlier.and DAMN." Washu said 
as she compared the results.

"What going on Washu." Tenchi asked the scientist who was busy double 
checking her results. 

" A experiment I was running long ago finally got results. results that 
even I wasn't expecting. Washu explained.

"What experiment. What results. And what's it got to do with the 
lighthawk wings." Tenchi asked becoming more intrigued. 

"As you all know I have sensors all over the earth's atmosphere  to 
detect incoming ships and help us avoid surprise attacks." Washu 
explained " I also set up these sensors to tell me when a unusual 
energy source originates from earth." 

"So you got a signal right." Tenchi asked relaxing a little.

"Yeah something alien.something Jurian and since I never detected it's 
ship I can assume It's been here a while long before Ryoko and I were 
set free.

"I have never heard of any Jurian leaving to earth after my brother." 
Ayeka said astounded "Ms Washu why did you need to study the lighthawk 
wings" 

 " The reason I was able to locate the Jurian was due to him releasing 
a huge amount of energy here." Washu said pointing to a area on the map 
located in the USA. "The amount of energy released was equal to the 
power of the lighthawk wings for 4.6765 seconds"

"So your saying this Jurian can form the lighthawk wings too." Ryoko 
asked curiously 

"No it can't contain the power of the wings like Tenchi can this power 
is new.to put it simply it like a lighthawk bomb was created and set 
off.." Washu stated 

"So why would someone who remained hidden for so long want to produce 
such a thing, and if it was to hurt someone why set it off in the 
middle of a desert." Ryoko asked the scientist.

"That's just it.it really isn't a desert it was one of America's secret 
military bases  undetectable to anyone but THE UNIVERSE'S GREATEST 
SCIENTIST." Washu shouted proudly. 

"So you think this was the first stage for a attack." Tenchi asked 
worriedly.

"It's possible however it's still  to early to be sure.the worst part 
is that whoever it is will be undetectable until they use their 
powers." Washu answered "But we must prepare for the worst  whoever 
they were managed to take out a entire military base in under three 
minutes." 

"Damn.What kind of monster would do such a thing." Tenchi said outloud.
_______________________________________________________________________
_

Meanwhile in downtown Tokyo

"We have no time for this.." Kagato said angrily to his host. 

" A far as I know we aren't on a deadline.besides the poor things 
starving." Michael said as he fed the dog that followed them from the 
airport another scrap of his lunch. 

"It is just a flea infested bag of bones.besides we have much more 
important things to do then feed the local vermin." Kagato called back 
agitated they were wasting time.

"Relax Kagato I'll slay the evil dragon Ryoko and then we can split 
alright." Michael said to Kagato.

"It's the evil DEMON Ryoko and you just can't walk up to her and kill 
her you need to get her when she least expects it you need to find out 
when she's vulnerable and destroy her without mercy. Kagato shouted 
back getting more upset as the conversation continued.

" Fine why don't you tell me what to expect when we get there." Michael 
asked Kagato as he throw the dog the rest of his food.

"For starters Ryoko is a very powerful opponent she can create energy 
swords and blast  like you however she also can fly, teleport, make 
duplicates of herself , has super strength
and can heal real fast." Kagato told his host. 

"God is that all." Michael asked sarcastically "She isn't faster then a 
speeding bullet and able to leap tall building in a single bound too 
right.

"NO however she does have a few other tricks nothing you should worry 
about." Kagato replied "She does have a weakness though her gems are 
the source of her powers without them she is useless. Also she is easy 
to anger and as you know a person who attacks in anger never wins. All 
you have to do to invoke this anger is kill her lover Tenchi.

"Whoa only Ryoko dies I said if they put up a fight for her then if we 
have to we will kill the rest but only as a last resort. If we can take 
this Tenchi out of the picture without killing him we will." Michael 
said in outrage. Kagato cursed his host silently without killing Tenchi 
this whole thing would be pointless and Tomikin's mission would be over 
before it started.

"We can knock this kid out and lead Ryoko to us no big deal I mean he's 
just a human right." Michael asked his twisted counterpart. 

"They were human but now their minds and souls are twisted by the Demon 
Ryoko 
granting them powers beyond mortal means."

"Oh now you decided to tell me this.so what are her protectors capable 
of ." Michael asked and like a teacher Kagato explained the powers, 
strengths, and weakness of everyone together the planned the 
destruction of the entire group.
_______________________________________________________________________
_

Tenchi's house
After the news of Washu's discovery spread through the house everyone 
tired to relax, plan what they should do next and who their mysterious 
visitor could be.

" Hum.A Jurian on Earth that is strange I never heard of one leaving 
Juria for Earth when I was there." Yosho said to everyone around him.

"Yes anyone leaving Juria for a non-contact planet like Earth would've 
gotten the attention of the King." Ayeka added 

"unless the King wasn't paying attention.." Washu said " How many 
people left Juria during Kagato's attack." Washu asked.

"Thousands I suppose however most came back after Ryoko's defeat those 
that didn't were living on planets far a away from the sol system and 
no where near Earth." Yosho replied. 

"but you can't be sure it was a very hectic time a few could have 
slipped to Earth." Washu commented. "So our visitor could have arrived 
at anytime between Kagato's attack on Juria and when I was set free 
which means it could have been on Earth from two to two thousands 
years."

"Great that doesn't help any we still don't know who were looking for" 
Ryoko said frustrated at their situation.

"Yeah.but this power you described Washu this lighthawk bomb.I never 
heard of a Jurian with this power." Yosho told Washu. 

" I know but the power I got from the recording was Jurian based.Which 
leads me to believe this is something new. a revolution in the Jurian 
species Washu said answered.

"WHAT.." came the collective shout from everyone in the room. 

" Yes the next step in Jurian evolution.." Washu stopped as she looked 
at the groups shocked expressions "what you didn't think you Jurian's 
were above such things why fifty-thousand years ago Jurians couldn't 
even bond with trees now their ruling empires with them." Washu told 
everyone. 

" However there is one way to find out for sure." Washu said looking at 
Sasami. "Sasami I need to talk to Tsunami." Washu explained to the 
little princess.

Sasami closed her eyes and felt the stares of everyone in the room on 
her she concentrated on her connection with the goddess till a calmness 
overtook her. Opening her mouth the goddess spoke through her. 

" I know what your going to ask Washu. the answer is yes I did create 
the man you a looking for." Tsunami answered.

"Why would you create such a thing.." Ayeka asked curiously.

"All living things are constantly change.evolution is just another 
stage of life." Tsunami. Informed the princess.

"So who is this guy.where can we find him." Ryoko asked the Goddess.

"I evolved him at his birth on Juria twenty-one years ago. He left 
Juria as a child his parents hiding him from their King and his true 
destiny." Tsunami  told her.

"What is his true destiny.." Tenchi asked wondering what his adversary 
had in store for the future.

" When he was created he was to spread the evolution of Juria through 
his children.the energy used to evolve a advanced species like a Jurian 
makes it impossible to evolve more than one however his children would 
spread it easily through their children and so forth." Tsunami told 
them. 

"Umm.Tsunami if anything were to happen to this man what would happen 
to Juria. Yosho asked worriedly.

"If the man were to die without heirs.the evolution of Juria would be 
postponed." Tsunami answered quietly.

"Postponed isn't to bad.how long." Ayeka asked the glowing goddess.

"I'll be able to create another in about five hundred-thousand years 
give or take a millennia." Tsunami said simply.

"FIVE HUNDRED-THOUSAND YEARS" Everyone screamed in amazement . Finally 
Washu found her voice and asked the question that was on everyone 
minds.

"Do you know where he's at now." Washu asked the goddess.

"He's in downtown Tokyo however he's is not alone.the one he travels 
with may seal his fate. He will come to you eventually however even I 
don't know what his intentions will be when he gets here." Tsunami 
admitted. 

The light around Sasami started to fade the little princess's eyes 
began to flutter and once again she gained control of her body. When 
her eyes finally opened she saw everyone staring at her in shock.

"It worked didn't it." Sasami asked her audience. Slowly they gathered 
their wits and nodded their heads their got their answers they didn't 
just didn't like them. The group slowly left the room each leaving to 
prepare for the future.
_______________________________________________________________________

Ryoko stood in her old cave alone and furious at their current 
situation it seemed every time she thought she could live a normal life 
something like this would happen. 

 *Damn* Ryoko thought to herself. How could she live a life of constant 
violence although it never bothered her before she now had Tenchi to 
worry about she didn't know what she would if Tenchi were to be killed 
by of these threats that show up each week.

*First Kagato, then Dr clay, then Nagi, now this guy it a wonder none 
of us has been killed yet* Ryoko thought. 

*I've been watching Tenchi from that cave since he was a child to think 
that his life could end from a threat we brought with us.makes me 
so.so.* Ryoko thought to herself getting angrier by the minute.

"AAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR" Ryoko screamed 
shooting a energy ball out into the forest and releasing some of her 
anger.

 "YOUR NOT GOING TO TAKE TENCHI" she screamed into the emptiness of the 
cave. "I'LL KILL YOU FIRST ..I'LL KILL YOU." Ryoko shouted her eyes 
burning red exhausted from this outpour of feelings she fell to the 
ground and in a display of emotion she hardly ever showed the 
Universe's most feared space pirate Ryoko wept.
------------------------------------------------------

"Okay so tell me about this demon." Michael asked Kagato as he 
scratched the dog (now named Rocky) behind it ears.

"Hump.the People of Juria were a powerful people it was a great dynasty 
with many secrets. " Kagato said 

"Like every long lasting empire it was to eventually fall under the 
rule of a wicked king this king cursed the entire planet by making a 
deal with a beautiful Demon named Ryoko." Kagato lied secure in the 
fact that his host could not disprove the lies he told. 

"The exact nature of the deal still remains unknown however the empire 
grew beyond everyone expectations unfortunately their luck was not to 
last.it seemed at the end of their agreement it was apparent that the 
king was not to live up to his end of the bargain in her fury the demon 
destroyed the palace taking with her the lives of many innocent people 
but her anger was only intensified she took her fury out on everyone 
and everything she saw slaughtering thousands." Kagato paused and then 
continued "I was a palace guard and I fought to save the lives of the 
King and Queens.sadly I could not for I was killed the Royal family 
slaughter before my dying eyes. 

"Damn." Michael said in shock at Kagato's lies.  

"Your parents were some of the few who survived of the attack that 
day.I as punishment for failing my King was forced into the spirit 
world to never know rest till Ryoko is held accountable for her 
actions. I had almost given up hope till I found you. Now you can bring 
me peace." Kagato lied.

"That's one hell of a story.." Michael admitted  "So tell me about the 
boy."
--------------------------------------------

Tenchi ducked another attack slashing with his bokan repeatedly each 
attack meeting a block from his grandfather's wooden sword. Tired they 
both faced each other and prepared to launch another attack when they 
saw a flash of energy escape from the cave in the distance and shoot 
further into the forest seconds later they heard Ryoko scream.

""Grandpa I think Ryoko's in trouble." Tenchi yelled to his grandfather 
about to rush to Ryoko's rescue.

"Wait Tenchi. Ryoko will be alright that is just the way she handles 
stress." Yosho told his grandson.

"But how can you be sure.she was screaming and that energy blast." 
Tenchi said unconvinced.

"She does that all the time when you at school.." Yosho said to his 
grandson "See she's alright." He said pointing to the figure of Ryoko 
flying back to the house in the distance.

"Oh.well I guess I'm a little jumpy with that guy on the loose in 
Tokyo." Tenchi admitted.

"Yes I see.Tenchi you are aware that this guy can't be killed right." 
Yosho asked him 

"You mean he's immortal." Tenchi asked worried.

" No I mean we can't kill this guy.unless there is no other 
alternative. He's is too important to the survival of Juria." Yosho 
warned 

"To the survival of Juria.he's a threat and if he comes here he will be 
dealt with." Tenchi said anger in his words. 

"Tenchi you must think of more then yourself.even more then the girls. 
If this guy dies before fulfilling his destiny.the jurian empire will 
suffer we will be held behind as all other species evolve around us 
eventually we will become obsolete." Yosho told his grandson. "You can 
not hold back the evolution of Juria you are their Prince and future 
King you must look after them. 

"You leave the throne of Juria to come to Earth then lecture me on the 
responsibilities of the royal family.you hypocrite." Tenchi yelled at 
his grandfather .
"When he gets here he will be welcome as any other guest and if he's a 
threat..he will treated like any other threat and be eliminated." 
Tenchi said throwing his bokan to the ground and walking back to the 
house.

"You can't doom an entire planet for the mistakes of one man Tenchi.not 
even for love. Yosho said quietly as he picked up the fallen bokan and 
watched his grandson leave.    
-----------------------------------------------

"Ah yes the boy.." Kagato said thoughtfully "He had much promise to led 
such a peaceful life." 

"Well what happened to him." Michael asked curiously.

"He was born a simple farmers son in Japan.he was corrupted by the 
beauty and sensuality of the demon and soon became her slave."  Kagato 
said 

"How did this demon end up in Japan anyway." Michael questioned.

"Her ship was shot down by the Galaxy Police after her attack on Juria 
it came to Earth.the  people believed it was a simple comet however 
this object from the heavens was not from Heaven." Kagato explained

"Galaxy Police...never mind so how do you know all this anyway." 
Michael asked 

" I am a spirit I have no boundaries I have followed the demon since my 
death in hopes to warn others.sadly the boy was so infused with lust he 
didn't heed my warnings. He became a being possessed not by demons but 
by his hormones." Kagato told Michael 

" Her ship crashed in the boy.Tenchi's field after he investigated the 
crash he found her unconscious he treated her wounds nursed her back to 
health and in return she granted him certain abilities." Kagato 
explained 

"what kind of abilities.." Michael asked. Kagato explained Tenchi's 
powers including the lighthawk wings. 

"Whoa." Michael said "Not a bad deal a cold compress and a few bandages 
and in return she turns him into a demi-god." 

"The worst part is to seduce him she kept feeding him stories of how he 
was to be King of Juria a empire she knew no longer existed making him 
see false hope and a way out of Japan." Kagato explained "so no matter 
what we tell him he will fight for her.we just have to ensure him a 
quick death he deserves that much at least." Kagato said with fake 
sympathy.

"Yes.I agree we should do what is right.I will ensure this Tenchi guy 
is put out of his misery. Michael agreed  "now what about the rest."
-------------------------------------------

Washu ran around her lab like a women possessed franticly compiling all 
the data she had on their newest threat.

"Ahhh..nothing absolutely freaking nothing on this guy." Washu yelled 
looking at the papers in her hand. 

"Don't give up Washu." A little puppet yelled from one of her shoulders 

"You can do it Washu." The other agreed from the other shoulder.

"Nothing on this guy.Nothing." Washu said again to herself before 
breaking into a wicked smile. Walking to her closet she rooted through 
her clothing till she found what she was looking for a newly cleaned 
tight fitting nurses uniform. 

"Hope Tenchi doesn't hurt him to bad I gonna need to do a ton of 
experiments he is a new species after all.." She laughed to herself as 
she made a mental note to double check the locks on the floating 
medical tables. 

"Last thing I need is to lose another guinea pig.." Washu said laughing 
outloud.

Tenchi just getting in from training with his grandfather paused 
outside Washu's door his hand frozen above the surface about to knock.

*Maybe I should come back later..* Tenchi thought walking away mumbling 
how Washu gets weirder everyday.
         
----------------------------

"There is this sorceress living with the demon and her lover Her name 
is Washu." Kagato told Michael.

"What in this day and age sorceress just don't exist their only in 
fairy tales." Michael said unconvinced.

"Its not true they are very rare.she wasn't always a sorceress she was 
Tenchi's mother at one time always into the black arts but never to the 
extent she was after the demon showed up.The demon saw a kindred spirit 
and gave the women a lot a power increased her thirst for the occult 
and for science.till she was as corrupted as her son."

"Damn she went after the whole family didn't she." Michael said sadly

"Yes and again my warning to them went unheeded the women became so 
devoted to the Demon she started to called it her daughter." Kagato 
replied "The most dangerous thing about Washu is her mind she can 
create things you can only dream of.even started to experiment on the 
people around.turned the cat into some kind of rabbit cat thing it was 
disgusting to watch..then she moved onto bigger game and that's when 
the children started to disappear."Kagato told his outraged host.

"Experimenting on children.turning the cat into a freak that's the most 
morbid thing I heard of right Rocky." Michael said to the dog at his 
feet.

"Woof" the dog replied in agreement.

"Even sadder is what happened to Tenchi's sister." Kagato said to 
Michael fueling the teenagers rage..

"what happened to her.." Michael asked
----------------------------------------------

Ayeka first princess of Juria sat alone on the couch flipping through 
the TV channels with half hearted interest five thousand channel via 
Washu's personal satellite yet their was still nothing on. Signing to 
herself she her mind began to wonder back to the problem their were 
facing. 

*What should I do.As a princess I have a loyalty to my Kingdom.but not 
at the cost of hurting Tenchi.but to be responsible for holding back 
the next generation of Jurians* Ayeka thought to herself.

"Ayeka Could you get me some carrots from the shed.." Sasami yelled 
from the kitchen to her sister on the couch.

"Alright Sasami.." Ayeka said getting up and making her way out the 
door.

*Ah.the shed.* Ayeka thought to herself as she opened the rusty old 
door and began to load up on carrots. One of Ayeka's best memories came 
from the time Lord Tenchi helped her to the shed when she was injured 
she remembered his gentle nature the way he took care of her wounds 
could she really betray that even for Juria. 

Ayeka wondered if she should tell her father but knew it would only 
complicate things to have the King arrive in a fleet of warships. Ayeka 
thought about the Stranger soon to visit. "Maybe he will listen to 
reason.. maybe he will come with good intentions. 

"If not.if not then I must betray either my love.or my people." Ayeka 
admitted to herself as she walked back into the house placing the 
basket of carrots in the kitchen.

"Ayeka do you think I should cook the noodles or the rice tonight." 
Sasami asked her sister without turning from the counter.

"Sasami.You decide alright." Ayeka said quickly leaving the room a tear 
running down her cheek .

* The last thing I ever want to have to do is choose.* Ayeka thought as 
she made her way upstairs.  
--------------------------------------------------

"Ah the girl.very sad indeed daughter of a sorceress, sister to a demon 
lover. She lost her mind with the help of Ryoko of course.." Kagato 
said delighted in the way he was ruining the groups image 

* At this rate he be so eager to kill them.they'll never know what hit 
them.* Kagato though gleefully.
 
" How did she lose he mind." Michael asked curiously.

"She was convinced she is the princess of Juria even through it is 
destroyed.and she never been there. She's also madly in love with a 
imaginary warrior who she said fled to Earth to slay a evil dem.er 
Dragon and now searches endlessly for this man called Yosho." Kagato 
explained 

"Poor girl.Maybe we could get her some help." Michael suggested 

"NO its to late for that she to powerful.she has these guardians their 
evils spirits trapped in wooden blocks granting her amazing 
abilities.she to must be destroyed for the safety of this world." 
Kagato quickly said his lie almost getting the princess off the 
executioners
block.

"Fine.as long as it is swift god knows the girl has suffered enough." 
Michael agreed

"But not as much as Tenchi's daughter." Kagato said " Not as much as 
Sasami.."
----------------------------------------------------------

Sasami chopped up the carrots with great skill tossing her minced 
vegetables into the pot next to her one out of every three pieces 
snatched from the air by the creature next to it. 

"Ryo-ohki you got to save some carrots for everyone else.." Sasami told 
the little cabbit sitting on the counter.

"Meow.." Ryo-ohki begged as she looked to her friend with tears in her 
eyes. 

"Ok but only one.." Sasami said as she pulled a whole a carrot from the 
pile she was cutting. Her mind wondering her sisters earlier mood.

*I wonder what she so sad about..* Sasami thought to herself .

*She's worried about the man in Tokyo.* Tsunami said though their 
mental link.

*Is this man a threat.* Sasami asked the goddess. Being assimilated 
with the goddess gave her a chance to talk to her whenever she pleased.

*At one time I could have said no however now even I can't guess his 
intentions.I have tried to make contact with his mind but I'm being 
block* Tsunami admitted to the little princess.
 
*oh.I guess we should hope for the best * Sasami said trying to get 
back in her good mood.

*Yes do not worry Sasami.everything will turn out alright* Tsunami said 
calming Sasami's fears feeling the girl return back to her happy self 
she prayed she would be right.
-------------------------------------------

"Tenchi has a daughter.." Michael asked in disbelief.

"Yes her name is Sasami.poor child daughter of a Demon and a Madman." 
Kagato said with mock pity "She never had a chance she was born 
possessed by a demon named Tsunami.granting her demonic powers and 
warping her mind to the point she believed that she was a princess of 
Juria and only that but their goddess too." Kagato added 

"But she just a little girl she can be saved.before it's to late." 
Michael said in outrage 

"No we must destroy her too.soon her power will rival that of her 
mother and she will become a even greater threat." Kagato shouted.

"SCREW YOU..I'll kill the Demon, Tenchi, Ayeka, Washu, and even that 
poor cat rabbit mutation."

"its names Ryo-ohki" Kagato interrupted.

"BUT I WILL NEVER KILL A CHILD.GOT IT " Michael yelled outloud causing 
people passing by to stare.

"Fine the child will live.." Kagato said *For now.* He added to himself 

"Are their any other dangers." Michael asked 

"One brain dead blond named Mihoshi .and her lover Kiyone " Kagato said 
thinking that wasn't too much of a lie  "Oh yeah there is one more you 
should beware of his name is Yosho."

"The dude that Ayeka is after." Michael asked 

"Same name different guy..this one is older, wiser.he may wish to speak 
to you if he finds out who you are.don't he's capable of manipulating 
even the strongest of wills." Kagato warned.

"what his involvement.." Michael asked curious as to how so old geezer 
got into this mess.

 "He's Tenchi's grandfather and a master of the death arts.once 
peaceful he turned his shrine into a violent training ground for mass 
sacrifices and training young worshippers into trained assassins." 
Kagato said simply

"Your joking right.." Michael asked nervously 

"No.humm why do you sound so scared." Kagato asked his host.

"Answer me this Kagato when Ryoko attacked Juria was she alone.." 
Michael asked 

"Yes she was why." Kagato answered quickly afraid his lies were 
uncovered.

"SO YOUR TELLING ME THAT YOU WANT ME TO GET INTO A FIGHT INVOLVING A 
DEMON WHO SINGLE-HANDEDLY TOOK OUT A PLANET, HER LOVER INFUSED WITH 
ANCIENT EVIL POWERS, HIS WACK JOB SISTER AND HER DEMONIC LOGS, HIS 
MOTHER WHO JUST SO HAPPENS TO BE A SORRCESS CAPABLE OF FEATS BEYOND 
IMAGINATION, HIS POOR DAUGHTER WHO IS POSSESSED BY A DEVIL, TWO LESBIAN 
THUGS, AND A FREAKING NINJA TRAINING MASTER OF THE DEATH ARTS WHO LIKES 
TO CONDUCT HUMAN SACRIFICES .NOW IS THEIR ANYBODY I FORGOT.."Michael 
screamed. 

"Yes.you forgot the cabbit." Kagato said seriously.

"The what.." Michael asked.

"Washu's experiment with the crossbreeding it capable of some really 
dangerous stuff." Kagato said to the teenager shaking in anger.

"I don't want to know about it.Lets go Rocky.." Michael said to the dog 
and they headed back to the airport. 

"So your just gonna run.you coward." Kagato said in Michael's head.

"Hell yeah.you said a small favor.then you said kill a demon now I have 
to go through the gates of hell just to get to her.The deals off.." 
Michael said to a irate Kagato

"You will change your mind boy or else." Kagato shouted to his host 

"Or else what.you old dead fart.." Michael said before falling to his 
knees. Visions of Ryoko's attack on Juria flooding his mind at a 
madding pace.

"Or else you'll never know peace.." Kagato promised 

"I.I.c-can handle this.." Michael lied bravely making his way to his 
feet. 

"Really now then how about something more personal.." Kagato yelled in 
joy as he unleashed images of the train incident his host endured as a 
child.

"You bastard.alright you win I'll go.." Michael surrendered.

"Look in the bright side if you win I'm out of your life forever.if you 
lose then you'll be dead and don't have to worry about.reliving a past 
that dies with you.." Kagato laughed "Your quite lucky actually you 
can't lose.." 

" And you lucky to Kagato.." Michael said as he slipped on his fallen 
shades and made his way into a taxi he hailed.

" If your ass was still alive.. after doing what you just did to me. I 
would have killed you." Michael said after a brief pause he relayed 
Kagato's knowledge of Japanese in order to get to the Masaki Shrine. 
_______________________________________________________________________
_

Outside the Masaki area far enough away from the residents to remain 
undetected a small yellow taxi pulled to a stop in the middle of 
nowhere.

"You getting out Sir" The taxi driver said to the man in his backseat.

"No just park." Michael said to the driver. 

*Kagato are you able to leave my body." Mich   
                       
