
      Tenchi Muyo is owned by Pioneer/AIC the only person I'm 
responsible for is Michael. Series are mixed but nothing to drastic it's 
the first OVA but with Kiyone included.
________________________________________________________________________
________________________

Life is ever changing through evolution all species eventually improve  
made stronger, faster, more adaptive  to the world around them through 
generations before. All things evolve humans, Jurians...the survival of 
any species depends on the generation before.
________________________________________________________________________
________________________

	General Mittler sat at his desk tearing apart the papers that 
cluttered it in anger. It had been five years since he was handed his 
assignment and still he showed no progress. 

" Damn it ."  He shouted as he threw a stapler from his desk against the 
office wall shattering it in two. "Who would have thought it would take 
so long to make a god damn living weapon." It seemed impossible 
everything he tried was disastrous people rejecting implants, people 
dying from exposure to chemicals, they even attempted to grow one from 
scratch but that didn't even work.

"If only I had more time." Mittler said himself knowing it was hopeless 
to ask the last time he tried he'd almost lost his job.

" Stupid pentagon." Mittler cried in outrage "Stupid impossible 
assignments."
________________________________________________________________________
________________________

USA, Chicago ....TWO WEEKS LATER



"Michael hurry up or well miss the train." A beautiful young lady 
shouted to the little boy running to catch up with her.

" I'm coming Mom." The boy shouted back as he ran up to his mother.

"Whoa.wait a minute." The boy's father said stopping him from getting on 
the train. "How many times have we told you to put these on." He asked 
picking up a pair of dark shades from the floor.

"Ah Dad I'm tired of wearing those." Michael said as he took the shades 
from his father and cast a pleading look to his mother.

"You know better then that." She said ignoring his pitiful look.

"But people always stare at me." Michael argued. 

" Just imagine how much they would stare if you didn't ware them." His 
father replied finishing the argument.


Michael didn't any further he knew his parents were right he also 
understood that while being unique was cool it was also a major pain. 
Quickly he took the glasses and put them back on. His father relieved 
that his son's eyes were once again hidden tussled his son's spikey 
blond hair and threw a quick glance at his wife. They both knew their 
son was special even for a jurian. He was born with strange blue eyes 
that glowed with a amazing amount of jurian energy. They had left Juria 
the day he was born to avoid losing him to king Azura and his 
experimentation. However it was becoming increasingly difficult to keep 
his past a secret from him since every year he changed in ways a human 
and Jurian could not. Already at ten years of age he was stronger than 
his father and capable of many amazing feats all of which he was told to 
keep silent about. Fortunately these changes stopped in the last few 
years so today his parents gathered their courage and let him spend his 
birthday in the city.

"Wow cool." Michael said as he boarded the train "Do we get to sit in 
the front." 

"It's would be better to remain unnoticed." Michael's dad replied moving 
him to some empty seats in the back.

A few moments later the train started to move. Michael looked out the 
window into the darkness of the tunnels a sudden pain growing in his 
stomach.

"Mom.my stomach hurts." Michael said leaning his head against his 
mother.

" Don't worry were almost home." She said looking at her husband 
worriedly. Being a jurian she knew small things like stomach aches 
shouldn't effect them with their healing powers.

"It really hurts." Michael started to cry as the air around him began to 
glow blue grabbing the attention of nearby passengers.

"what the.." Michael's father said in shock " Marisa do you know what's 
going on"

"No I don't." she replied nervously "Michael honey try to calm down."

By this time the air surrounding the boy began to pulsate at a rapid 
pace and the sound increased to that of a thousand bees. Everyone in the 
room watched with a mixture of horror and amazement at the site they 
were witnessing. 

"Make it stop.Make it stop." Michael screamed. Suddenly as quickly as it 
began the sound ceased the light quickly absorbed itself into the boy's 
body before quickly releasing huge energy waves released themselves from 
his every pore in a explosion so powerful it destroyed windows and 
people as if they were made of the same fragile glass. The wave 
continued its path of destruction destroying car after car on the subway 
till all that remained was one lone unconscious boy on a broken train.
________________________________________________________________________
________________________

  
Michael awoke to the sight of red. Surrounding him red emergency lights 
flickered on the train showing him brief images of badly burnt bodies. 
Smoke rose from the corpses and quickly he turned his head away coming 
face to face with two that looked very familiar. 

"Mom.Dad" Michael cried as he looked at his parents bodies. Slowly he 
began to back up as his parents eyes bore into him accusing him of their 
deaths.

"I..I.I'm  sorry." Was all he could manage to say before breaking down 
in a fit of tears. Turning away form his parents he ran into a body of a 
girl no older then himself. 

"I'm sorry." He said as he ran out to the door of the next car a similar 
site awaited him so he continued tears streaming down his face and 
apologizes emerging from within his sanity starting to break. By the 
time he had made it to the last car he had no more tears to cry and his 
voice long strained from apologizing was starting to fade. Opening the 
door to the outside he fell to the ground at the feet of a man in a army 
uniform.

"I.I'm sorry." Michael managed to say before collapsing unconscious at 
the man's feet.

"Your perfect." General Mittler said to the fallen boy.

----------------------one hour later------------------------------------
-----

"General the clean up is almost done." A solider said to his general.

"Excellent have you got the video" Mittler asked

'As you ordered Sir" the solider replied handing the general folder with 
a tape inside.

"And the cops." Mittler questioned the solider.

"They believe it was terrorist activity.they are cooperating fully." The 
solider answered.

"Good.seeing as how this was suppose to be a sting to capture the 
Israeli terrorist Addend Renques it wouldn't be to far from the truth 
now would it." Mittler said with a smile "It just happened to be pure 
luck that this boy was riding on the train and that the camera was not 
destroyed during his explosion. 

"Yes Sir excellent plan." The solider said before returning to the clean 
up.

"Step on is finished Mittler thought to himself  as he pulled out the 
video and slipped it in his jacket "now onto step 
two, after all it is easier to train a child to kill if he's already 
convinced he's a killer."
________________________________________________________________________
________________________

-------------------------15 years later---------------------------------
-----------------

Tenchi stood face to face with the universally feared criminal Kagato as 
they rushed each other trying to end a long drawn out combat with a 
desperate final attack.

"You won boy." Kagato's final words rung throughout the deck of the Soja 
as his died dissolving in a poof of smoke.

Tenchi looks back to where his now departed enemy once stood his face 
expressionless. Behind him the cheers start Ryoko, Ayeka, and the rest 
all rush forward to congratulate him on his victory.

"Yeah Tenchi I knew you could do it." Ryoko said as she finally got her 
chance to hug him.

"Thanks Ryo.Ryoko what.." Tenchi stopped talking as he saw blood flow 
from Ryoko's mouth. Stunned Tenchi looked down to see a light blue 
energy sword piercing through their chest and a voice speaks silently in 
his ear "I'm back boy and now the power of Juria dies with you.

"NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO." Tenchi screams bolting 
upright in his bed covered in sweat, causing Ryoko to fall to the floor 
with a loud thump from where she was floating up in the air fallen 
asleep after spending the night watching over Tenchi. It had been two 
years since Kagato's defeat yet Tenchi was still suffering from 
nightmares.

"Tenchi are you alright" Ryoko asked dizzily from the floor.

" Yeah just another dream.." Tenchi replied after calming down some.

"AHHHhhahhhhha." Came a loud sound from outside Tenchi's door. Tenchi 
and Ryoko looked up as Tenchi's door bust open there in the doorway 
stood a red faced Ayeka.

"Ah...just like I thought.Ryoko how dare you try to seduce Tenchi." 
Ayeka asked heatedly advancing on Ryoko.

"No Ayeka you got it all wrong." Tenchi said quickly "She just came to 
check on me when she heard me having nightmares."

"OH.Are you alright lord Tenchi." Ayeka asked worriedly.

"Yes I'll be fine. I just need some rest." Tenchi said tired.

"Yes you should get some sleep." Ayeka replied turning around and 
grabbing Ryoko by her foot headed for the door.
"And you don't need to be disturbed.right Ryoko." Ayeka asked the space 
pirate she was dragging through the door.

Tenchi closed eyes and laid back down only to be awaken seconds later by 
his alarm clock going off. "Dang I'm not going to get any sleep now" 
Tenchi said as he rolled out of bed and got ready for breakfast the 
smell of Sasami's breakfast and the sounds of one of Ryoko and Ayeka's 
fights flowing through the air. "Ah another day in paradise" Tenchi 
thought to himself as he made his way downstairs.
________________________________________________________________________
________________________

Tomikins's Dimension 

"How's our little project going." Tomikin asked the machine asked the 
machine bowing to her.

"There is a problem your majesty.It seems our subject still refuses to 
kill." The machine known as 3D reported.

"That doesn't matter any more, the man Michael will just serve as a host 
for a man who shares our vision." Tomikin told her servant.

"And who will this man be." 3D asked the goddess before him.

The goddess looked in the direction to her right a man emerged from the 
shadows his face exposed to the small amount of light she allowed in her 
domain.

"Kagato." She responded

Upon hearing his name the man called Kagato turned to the Queen of 
Darkness "what is it you command of me my goddess." He asked.

"I've resurrected you for a special mission." Tomikin stated holding out 
her hand the figure of a man appeared in her palm. "This man is called 
Michael you are to persuade him to go to Japan and destroy the jurian 
prince if he refuses then possess him and use him to destroy the prince 
of Juria.

"But your greatness  the boy possess the power of the lighthawk wings 
can this man defeat this power." Kagato asked curiously.

"Michael is a powerful person even more than he realizes however all his 
powers pale in comparison to the lighthawk wings save one." Tomikin 
answered wisely.

"and what might that be." Kagato asked excitedly.

Tomikin returned he attention to the figure in the palm of her hand it 
dissappered and was replaced by the image of a young boy and his parents 
on a subway and the carnage that followed shortly after.

"My god such power." Kagato said in shock.

"I call it the Jurian Nova.and just as a nova signifies the death of a 
star this power shall foretell the end of a empire" Tomikin explained as 
her laughter began to fill the dark chamber.
________________________________________________________________________
_______________________

USA Area 52 

"Man the General sure was pissed at you today." A Hispanic solider said 
to a teenager changing in the locker room with him.

"Yeah so what is new." Michael said to his friend "You didn't make his 
day any easier either Hector."

"So what have learned today your not the killer type and I never leave a 
man behind.qualities that make good people make bad soldiers." Hector 
said sarcastically.

"Yeah so now we have probation for a month with KP thrown in to boot." 
Michael responded angrily. "I don't know why he gets so mad it's only 
virtual combat."

"Man this sucks we don't have to take this.." Hector started to say only 
to be cut off by Michael. " We do and you know as well as I do that we 
are to dangerous to live in society.this is the only place for people 
like us."

"Ha you make it sound as if we were in prison." Hector shot back.

Michael looked at the tattoo's on his wrist each displaying the number 
264 each special solider at area 52 had their own numbers imprinted on 
them his however held a special meaning that only he and General Mittler 
understood. It represented the number of victims killed in the subway 
accident when he was a child.

"Your right."Michael admitted then speaking quietly he added "But some 
people deserve to be lock up."

------------------later that night-------

Michael looked up from his bunk to the ceiling of his room his earlier 
conversation replaying in his mind the more he thought about it the less 
he agreed with what he said.

"You don't have to stay here boy." A voice spoke in his head causing him 
to jump out of bed quickly forming a sword out of jurian energy he 
called out to whoever spoke to him.

"Incredible no master key and yet you can still form a jurian energy 
sword." The voice spoke to him.

"Who. are you come out and show yourself. Michael called to the darkness 
in his room.

"Allow me to introduce myself..My name is Kagato you may think of me as 
your." Kagato struggled to find the word since he never had use for one. 
".friend" he finished.

"Yeah.so now I'm hearing voices great.Hector is that you." Michael asked 
knowing his friend and resident psychic had a tendency to play pranks 
when he was bored.

"I am not Hector, I am Kagato and I am hear to help you.if you help me 
that is." Kagato told him.

"and what is it you want exactly." Michael asked suspiciously.

" Just a small favor.but first I shall help you." Kagato promised " How 
would you like to leave here." 

Kagato had just asked the question of the lifetime how could he leave a 
life spent training and fighting any new life beyond this would make the 
last fifteen years seem pointless. However on the other hand these 
people didn't went a solider they wanted a assassin and once they 
realized he wouldn't kill.well what's the point of a broken weapon.

"So when do we leave" Michael asked.

"Now" Kagato replied 

"Cool.but Hector goes with us." Michael stated firmly as he started to 
pack.

"He just slow us down" Kagato said coldly "We haven't the time to waste 
on him"

"No he goes and it final. " Michael replied as Kagato fumed in silence 
knowing Michael was going to do what he wanted anyway.

Michael escaped from his lightly guarded room and in to the hall of his 
friends dorm unseen by the security. Outside the hall to Hector's dorm 
Michael stopped as the security in the dorm made their rounds.

*what's the problem* Kagato asked mentally 

*increased security around the rookies* Michael answered back.

*Then kill them ,were going to be caught if we stay here.* Kagato 
replied coldly.

*No one dies.I have a better idea.* Michael thought back.

Michael stood hidden in the shadow and concentrated after a moment of 
silence he had a reply. 

*Umm.huh Michael is that you.* Hector asked mentally after being awaken 
his psychic powers activated by Michael mental probing.

*Hector I'm getting out.* Michael told his friend. 

*what are you crazy.* Hector said in shock the news waking him up.
  
*No it is crazy to stay here* Michael answered back. *are you in or 
what.*
  
*...Yeah lets go* Hector said after a brief pause * But first I need to 
take care of the guards*


Michael and Kagato waited and watched as the door to Hector's room 
opened and hector strutted out cigarette in hand.

"Hey get back to your room." A solider said loudly grabbing the 
attention of his fellow officers.

" I just stepped out for a smoke." Hector answered blowing smoke in the 
guards face.

"You are under house arrest now back in or I'll put you back." Th guard 
said angrily.

"Why don't you and your GI joes make me." Hector said before being 
beaten to the ground and escorted to the Captain's office for further 
punishment.

*..And how was that helpful.* Kagato asked sarcastically

Just as the question was asked the door was once again opened to Hectors 
door and out hector came into a unguarded hall. 

*One of Hector's most useful abilities.is to make people see what ever 
he wants you to.* Michael answered back wisely.

Silently the trio made their way out of the base undetected as Kagato 
cursed his luck he had been waiting to test Michael abilities first hand 
when he had to go and pick up his friend now it seemed he would be 
unchallenged. He refused to let it happen quickly he left Michael's mind 
and went to tell the General of their plan. Michael and Hector stood in 
front of their biggest obstacle since they left the base a huge 100,000 
volt electric fence.

"any ideas." Michael asked his friend over his shoulder.

"I was just about to ask you." Hector said shaking his head.

"IT'S TOO LATE TO THINK ABOUT THAT NOW." A voice cut through the night 
and a spotlight shone on the escaping duo.

"Damn.it's the general." Michael said looking up at the watch tower.

"Michael Evens you have been found guilty of desertion.the penalty is 
death." The general shouted down from his tower.

" Screw you." Michael shouted back " we'd rather die then live one more 
day under your rule."

A sound came from behind Michael head turning his head he looked 
straight into the barrel of a berreta 9mm held by his best friend. 

"He only said you Michael.you see some of us are loyal to our superiors 
to the end." Hector said as he pulled the trigger only to have the 
bullets reflect off Michael instantly formed Jurian forcefeild. 

"You bastard." Michael shouted as bullets hit his forcefeild untill he 
heard the satisfying click of his enemies empty gun. Quickly he turned 
to the offensive firing blast after blast of energy into his opponent 
only to have them absorb into his ex-friend. "Damn quit hiding you 
coward." Michael shouted as he realized his friend was playing with his 
mind.

Kagato watched from inside the general smiling he saw the truth behind 
Hector's deception. Suddenly he left Mittler's body and entered Michael 
once again. 

*Michael I can help you.* Kagato said helpfully.

* how I can't even tell where he is.* Michael said between bast of 
energy.

* His mind tricks don't work on me..give yourself over to me and I will 
defeat him* Kagato promised

Suddenly Michael stopped firing Hector stood on the battle field a smile 
on his face "You given up haven't you.I don't blame you, you are very 
overmatched." Hector said mockingly.

Michael raised on hand and pointed at Hector erasing the smile from his 
face with a blast a energy that knocked him off his feet and several 
feet backwards till he fell to a heap on the ground.

"That was fun." Kagato said aloud picking up Hector's body he felt for a 
pulse after finding a faint sign of life he smiled and hoped he could 
still feel as he threw the boy on the electric fence and watched it 
dance and pop as the electricity ravaged his body.

Looking up he saw the general watching in shock raising his hand once 
again  he brought down the tower general and all however not before he 
released the alarm. Soldiers ran from their barracks to see the cause 
and were greeted by the sight of Michael behind him a pile of rubble 
tearing down the fence the cooking bodies of the General and Hector 
floating through the air.

Kagato laughed as the soldiers removed their guns and began to open fire 
each round unable to penetrate Michael's forcefeild. 

"Ah.." Kagato said to himself "I always wanted to witness the Nova first 
hand." And with that said the air around him began to turn blue.
________________________________________________________________________
________________________      
 
AIRPORT

"Here's your ticket Mr. Chandler your flight leaves in ten minutes." 
Overly cheerful receptionist said to Michael as he stood at the front of 
the line.

"Huh.what" Michael said as he gained control of his body. *Kagato where 
are we.* 

*We are at an airport.* Kagato answered back.

* And why are we here.* Michael asked curiously 

* You are going to repay that favor you owe me* Kagato replied * we are 
going to Japan*

* How did we get the money to go to Japan* Michael asked suspiciously 

* I persuaded a young couple to donate to our cause* Kagato lied

*I hope you didn't scare them too bad* Michael replied frustrated 

* NO..never * Kagato lied as he remembered the satisfying sound of their 
necks breaking in his hands.

* So what's in Japan..* Michael wondered to himself 

* A Demon named Ryoko.* Kagato answered back.

* Bullshit demons don't exist* Michael said in disbelief.

* Not here not on this world. but she is not from this world.* Kagato 
stated *Neither am I for that matter*

*Theirs no such thing as aliens.* Michael said causing Kagato to laugh. 
* fool what do you believe you are.you are b one of Jurian origin an 
alien as real as those you claim don't exist.*

*An.A Jurian* Michael said in shock * My Parents never told me..*

 *No.it's quite sad really your homeworld was destroyed by this creature 
Ryoko.* Kagato lied leaving out his involvement and pushing images of 
Ryoko's attack on Juria into Michael's mind. *your parents left out you 
past since your world no longer exist..it would be more painful to know 
of a world you could never see*

*So you want me to kill this demon* Michael asked shakily as he finished 
viewing Kagato's little show.

*Yes however there is on little problem.she will be in the company of 
some people she corrupted poor humans whose souls are not able to be 
redeemed.* Kagato added

*Ryoko.that all I'm going to go on some killing spree.* Michael said 
angrily.

*but they will kill to protect her..* Kagato added only to be 
interrupted  by Michael.

*If they can't be reasoned with..if they want to throw they lives away 
for a demon they shall* Michael said coldly.

Kagato smiled as he saw his plan coming together Tenchi would fight for 
Ryoko and die he had done it once before and now he would do it again. 
In silence the waited till the receptionist called their name and the 
boarded their flight for Japan.



  




       


        
      

          

    
