Just Another Day, part 1
by Kali

Author's forward:  The continuity for this, is the OAV one.  With a couple
of
aspects from the Tenchi Universe series thrown in for good measure.

    "I still miss her, everyday I think about my mother.  I wonder if she
would approve of the choices I make.  If she's proud of me...."

    "I understand, Lord Tenchi.  Not a day goes by, that I don't think of my
lost baby."

    "Little Washu, I.... I don't know what to say.  Have you tried looking
for him?"

    "I've tried, but they were too powerful.  They covered their tracks so
well.  It'd be miracle if I came across him, or his descendants ever again."

    "I... I'm sorry.  But you never know.  I mean I've just met my
great-grandparents, and my great-aunts have been living here with us for
several months.  Of course, Sasami is more like a little sister, and Ayeka
is........ Well, Ayeka is.....  I don't know what Ayeka is."

    "Tenchi?"

    "Yes?"

    "My biological clock is still ticking, Tenchi.  Maybe you and I
could......."

    "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"  Tenchi ran off in terror.  With memory
flashes of her previous experiments on him running rampant in his mind.
"Will somebody **please** help me!!!!"

    Washu sighed in exasperation.  Glancing down at a napping Ryo-Ohki she
asked, "What's his problem?"  The cabbit just mewed in her sleep, completely
oblivious.  "What a life you lead, not a care in the world.  Sometimes, I
envy you."

    "Perhaps it would be best, if you pursued someone closer to your own
age?"

    "Sasami?  No, it's you, Tsunami.  You've taken temporary control over
Sasami's body, correct?"

    "Yes, I felt it was necessary."

    "I don't see how this is any of your business.  Unless,....... Unless,
you want Tenchi for yourself!  That's it, isn't it!"

    "No, no it isn't.  Sasami is far too young, and I think Tenchi has
enough
problems with Ryoko and Ayeka as it is."

    "And whom do you think I should be pursuing?  Most of the people on this
planet, are fetuses compared to me."

    "There's always, Yosho."

    "That old man?"

    Tsunami sighed.  "You're still a great deal older than him.  He just
looks older.  But like you,  his looks can be deceiving."

    "What are you trying to say?"

    "You know full well what I'm saying.  You're just as obsessed with
Tenchi
as Ayeka and Ryoko are."

    "Says you!"

    Tsunami sighed again.  "I give up.  We'll talk again, sister."  With
that, Tsunami faded back into the recesses of her in Sasami's shared body.

    "'Sister?!'  What are you talking about?!"

    "Oh, hi Washu!  Dinner is ready, please come up before it gets cold.
Plus, Mihoshi and Kiyone came over to visit us!"

    "Tsunami!  Come back here!  You can't tell me something like that, and
then vanish!  Tsunami!?"  Washu exclaimed, as she shook Sasami's tiny frame.

    "Washu, you're hurting me?!"

    "Oh, ......... Oh, I'm sorry Sasami.  I...... I just got....... oh never
mind, it's not important.  It can wait till later.  C'mon, lets eat!"

***************************************************************************

    "See?  I bought this portable karaoke machine.  Isn't it great!"

    "Mihoshi!  Where did you get the money for that?!  If you used our rent
money, I swear I will......"

    "I saved up for it.  I put away a little yen from each of my paychecks."

    "Oh, oh sorry.  Good work, Mihoshi.  I know how much you love it.  This
will be much cheaper, then going to those places all the time."

    "Uh, didn't we already have a portable karaoke?"  Sasami inquired.

    "We did, but Ryoko broke it," Ayeka stated, calmly sipping her tea.

    "Ayeka!!"  Ryoko growled.

    "C'mon girls, lets just have some fun, and relax, okay?"

    "For you, Lord Tenchi, I'll try."

    "Thank you, Ayeka."

    "Fine, I'll play nice, this time.  But I'm warning you princess, one
day,
the day will come when we......"

    "Ryoko!" Tenchi groaned.  He placed his hand over her mouth in an
attempt
to silence her.  "Good.  Now, Mihoshi, since it's yours, why don't you
start."

    "Okay!  This is one of my favorites.  I saw this on an American cartoon
called 'Jem'!"

    "Now she's watching American cartoons, too?  That girl really needs to
stop watching so much television!"  Kiyone moaned, clutching her head in her
hands.  A really bad migraine, started to swell up.

    "'I make a prediction.  Just you wait and see.  All my hopes and dreams
are more than fantasy!  It's destiny!'"  As Mihoshi sang, her eyes lit up
with joy.  There was nothing she enjoyed more than singing.

    "Destiny!"  Ryoko sang loudly, as she clutched Tenchi to her chest.

    "No, my destiny!"  Ayeka cried out, as she pulled him away from Ryoko.

    "Why me?" Tenchi moaned.

    "Guys, that's not how the song goes!"

    "Oh, shut up!"  Ayeka and Ryoko shouted in unison, both blasting her
with
energy.

    "Mihoshi?  Mihoshi, are you all right?"  A worried Sasami looked over
Mihoshi.  Blood was pouring out of a gash on her left hip.  "Ayeka, you hurt
her!  How could you?!"

    "What?!  Oh, no, she's bleeding!  You two, see what you've done!  Why
don't you guys ever realize that there are consequences to your actions!"
Kiyone exclaimed.  But Ryoko and Ayeka were completely oblivious to them.
Furious, Kiyone pulled them apart, "Will you two stop this!!!  Look at what
you did to my partner!!"

    "Oh, my.  How did that happen?"

    "Ayeka!!!!"

    "What do we do?!"  Sasami asked fearfully.  Frantically, she tore off a
piece of her dress, and pressed it hard against Mihoshi's wound.  "The
bleeding isn't slowing down!"

    "Miyaa!"  cried out Ryo-Ohki.  She placed her paws on top of Sasami's
hands to try and help.
    "We need to call an ambulance!"  Nobuyuki proclaimed.

    "No, need.  I can stitch her up in my lab."  Washu stated calmly.

    "But, she might need a blood transfusion."  A concerned Tenchi
commented.

    "True, but one of us might be more compatible than a human blood donor.
We're all aliens, after all."  Washu corrected.

    "Oh, right, I forgot, you all look so humanoid and all.  But then, I'm
part alien as well.........  Oh, God, my life is weird."

****************************************************************************

    After the tests had been run, the data analyzed, the computer had spit
out the results that Washu had the closest matching blood type.  But that
was
not all it mentioned.

    "It's not possible!!  There must be some mistake!!!  It's not
possible!!!!"  A stunned Washu proclaimed.  She frantically ran the data
over
in over in her computer system, but each time it came up with the same
results.  Mihoshi was her descendant.  It was a 99.0% match.  There was no
possibility of the test being wrong.  After all, it was her design.  And
something she designed was perfect, being the greatest, scientific genius in
the universe, and all.  But how could she, possibly have a descendent like
Mihoshi?  "This is not possible!!"

    "Congratulations, Washu, you've found your long, lost family!"  Tenchi
beamed.

    "Tenchi!!!!!  This_is_not_a_good_thing!!"

    "Why not?  Mihoshi's a sweet enough girl.  A bit clutzy at times, but
sweet.  You could do a lot worse."

    "Nobuyuki!  Where's your stash of sake?  I'm gonna need lots and lots of
it," Kiyone groaned.

    "Save some from for me.  I can't believe I'm actually related to..... to
that!"

    "You shouldn't be so mean, Ryoko!"  Sasami chastised.

    "Miyaa!"  Ryo-Ohki agreed.

    "Oh, so you're actually happy that she's related to us?" Ryoko asked.

    "Miyaa, Miyaa, MIYAAA!"

    "Oh, right, of  course.  How could I be so forgetful?  Mihoshi plays
with
you all the time, so of course you like her."

    "Miyaa!  Miyaa, Miyaaa!"

    "No, I do think you're biased about her."

    "Mihoshi, are you all right?"  Sasami asked.  Mihoshi was sitting in a
corner, her knees pulled up to her chin, with tears cascading like a
waterfall from her eyes.

    "Miyaa?" Ryo-Ohki asked.  Having given up trying to convince Ryoko that
she was wrong.  She decided to nuzzle the crying Mihoshi, to try and cheer
her up.

    "Nobody likes me!"  Mihoshi wailed.

    "That's not true, I like you, and Ryo-Ohki likes you.  See?"

    "Miyaa!"  Ryo-Ohki agreed, still nuzzling Mihoshi.

    "But..... But......"

    "You shouldn't let what other people think, matter to you, Mihoshi,"
Yosho commented to her, as he placed his hand gently on top of hers.  "I
think you are a perfectly nice, young woman."

    "Yeah, Grandpa's right.  Washu's just a bit stunned right now.  Once she
gets over the initial shock, I'm sure she'll warm up to the idea.  I mean,
after all, your grandpa is the Grand Marshall of the Galaxy Police.  That's
a
pretty impressive accomplishment.  She should be proud."

    "Are you seeing what I'm seeing, Ryoko?"

    "Yep, my new 'niece' is zeroing in on 'our' Tenchi.  Of all the nerve!"

    "Yeah, how dare she!"

    "Um, shouldn't we be stitching up Mihoshi's wound, or something?"
Nobuyuki asked.

    "Oh, right, I forgot all about that," Kiyone frowned, as she downed her
third cup of sake.

    "Now, why don't you just rest, Mihoshi.  We'll get you all patched up,
and you can stay here until you recover."

    "Oh, thank you, Tenchi!"

    "Yes, that is very gracious of you, Tenchi," Kiyone nodded
appreciatively.

    "Yeah, it's not like it's my house or anything," Nobuyuki groaned.

    "Relax."

    "But, Father...."

    "She *could* be your future daughter-in-law, after all."

    "Oh, yes!  You're right!  Don't worry Mihoshi, you can stay as long as
you like.  It's not a problem."

    "Yosho!  How dare you side against me like that!?"  A furious Ayeka
asked, regarding her brother with a harsh glare.

    "I'm not taking sides, just keeping an open mind.  After all, our father
has more than one wife, why can't Tenchi?"

    "What?!  Are you suggesting I share Tenchi, with ........ that?!"  Ayeka
yelled, pointing towards Ryoko.

    "Hey?!  I wouldn't share him with you either, you self-absorbed
princess."

    "Wait a minute!  Don't I get a vote in this!"  Tenchi screamed out in
frustration.

    "Not now, Tenchi, we're discussing your future."  Nobuyuki scolded his
son.

    "Why me?!"  Tenchi groaned.  It was just another day, in his rather
unusual life.

Disclaimer:  All Tenchi characters belong to their respective creators, etc.
etc.  The lyrics of the Stingers song, "Destiny" (Ellen Gerstell did the
speaking voice of Rapture, but not necessarily the singing voice.  Usually,
people other than the speaking cast, sang the songs.), from the cartoon
"Jem", belong to Kinder and Bryant.  I did make some slight changes to the
lyrics, though.  This little fan fiction is meant as pure, harmless fun, and
as such, no profit is being made from it.
