Standard Disclaimer: The characters appearing within are the property of AIC

and Pioneer, and are used without permission. Please don't sue. I am not
making any money on this, and it's done out of love for the show.

Thanks to Bryan Weber for not saying anything about me taking his disclaimer

and of course M.C.L. to all the Juggalos and Ninjas reading my stories,
Psychopathic Records and all my freaks.

******************************************************************************

Night turns into day as fast as day turns to night. Late one night K stood
in
his home staring into space with a worried look on his face.

"18....man what a trip. Gatta get some sleep for the rituals...hope I
remember them all."

After just kind of hanging out for a few hours K finally fell a sleep.
The next morning their was a soft knock on his door that woke him up.

"Hi K."

"Oh Sasami good morning...how are you?

"Fine. I just wanted to see how your doing."

"Well I'm aight....wanna come in for breakfast or somethin'?"

"Ok."

K and Sasami sat down in the old kitchen to a very poor breakfast of mere
oranges and water for that was all K seemed to eat. When a very loud
pounding
was at the door which startled Sasami a little. She jumped into K's arms and

then let him go when she realized what she was doing.

"Maybe I should get that."

The pounding became louder and more impatient and then a muffled voice could

be heard.

"Fuck this."

"Yeah."

K backed up and grabbed one of his knives and prepared for the worst when
his
door swung open.

"Sup' bitch?"

"Jynx? Epion?"

"Of course. Did you really think we'd let ya do your trials without us?"

"Hi Sasami."

"Yeah hi Sasami."

"Hi guys. Are Washu and Kiyone here?"

"Washu is Kiyone's on a mission but she'll be â€˜round before we leave."

The four friends sat down at the table to discuss the nights events.

"You know what you gatta do right?"

"I think so."

"Recite."

"The burning oil, the hanging and a battle."

"Yup. Good."

Sasami sat and listened very puzzled.

"What are you guys talking about?"

"A ritual our people go through kinda like entering manhood."

"There is no such ritual on Jurai!"

"Nope, but there is in hell. Even though it wasn't the greatest place to be
it's still important to us."

"Can I come?"

"If you want...Washu's coming so you'll get to see her."

After spending the rest of the day training K night finally fell and it was
time for the rituals to begin. A great fire was lit out side of K's house
and
the five gathered around it with a large steel can of boiling oil, a long
rope, a book of matches, a vat of water and some weapons. K brought two of
his knives, Epion brought his chain and Jynx brought a pair of gloves with
short, sharp points on the knuckles.

"Ready K?"

"....yup"

"Alright. Epion lit him up. Sasami, Washu don't interfere in any way at
anytime no matter what alright."

"Ok."

"Ok."

K walked slowly to the vat of oil rolled up his sleeves and dipped his right

arm into the boiling liquid. His teeth clenched and his eyes started to tear

but this was typical. Epion went over to him with the book of matches and
set
K's arm on fire. As soon as the flame reached from the tips of his fingers
to
the shoulder he stood in pain for about 2 minutes then dropped to his knees.

"Oh my god! K!"

"You alright? Wanna go on? You still got 3 minutes to go."

"I'm...I'm alright."

Sasami started to get up and reach for the vat of water but was stopped by
Washu. She looked at Washu in shock and all she did was shake her head and
then they both continued to watch K's arm burn. The three minutes passed and

Jynx poured the vat of water on K's arm washing off the flaming oil. Sasami
ran to K and started to hug him tightly with tears in her eyes.

"Are you alright?"

"I'll live."

"Well K ready for your next test?"

"Yeah."

"To the tree!"

A short walk was made a nearby tree. Washu was talking to Epion about what
was going to happen next, Jynx lead the way carrying al the equipment that
was still needed and Sasami was walking with K staring at his now charred.

"Ok Epion if ya don't mind could a give K a hand up?"

The three men flew up to a sturdy branch up the tree. Looking at the valley
before them Jynx tied K's hands behind his back as Epion tied the rope
around
K's neck in a noose like form.

"Ready?"

"...yeah."

Jynx and Epion then took hold of the rope and tied it to the tree and
started
to lower K. Hanging by his neck his task was just to get out and live. If he

couldn't he just simply died. Time passed and K struggled and Sasami just
got
worried until she couldn't stand to watch anymore. She ran back to the
Masaki
house as fast as she could to get Tenchi and Ayeka to help K. As soon as
they
heard of what was going on they all ran to the tree where K was still
hanging
from the tree trying to get away with Jynx and Epion sitting on the branch.
Tenchi drew his sword and Ayeka pulled his spear behind her head preparing
for a thunderous blow to the rope. As soon as their weapons came down they
were met my Epion's chain around her spear and Jynx kicking the sword out of

Tenchi's hand.

"What are you doing?!"

"Just a ritual. Don't interfere."

"Don't you see he's dying? Or do you not care?"

"He'll live."

"How about how much your hurting Sasami by letting her watch what you've
been
doing to her love?"

"Huh what?"

During their argument everyone except Washu failed to notice that K had
finally made his way out of the noose and was climbing the rope to the tree
branch.

"Hey he made it."

They al then turned around to see k climbing down the tree.

"Hey good job. Turn around and hold still. You're almost done. Epion."

A grim smile spread across Epion's face as he pulled his chain back and
whipped K across the back twice. Creating two deep cuts that were seemingly
poring blood. Grey tips started to appear in the cuts and the tips soon
became wings much like Jynx's and Epion's.

"Heh, good work. One more test. Washu...got anything yet?"

"Not ye..wait a Galaxy Police officer has called for backup but it doesn't
seem like anyone else got the message."

"Where?"

"About 100,000 vertical miles north of here."

"Well we're off."

The three took off as fast as they could to an old ship where two galactic
police were in a pretty tight situation.

"Ohhhh....Kiyone now what?"

"I...I don't know, I called for backup but none seems to be coming."

Three space pirates were closing in on the two cornered officers powering up

for a deadly blast.

"Kiyone I'm sorry...I'm sorry for all the stuff I've done to you."

As the pirates were just about to fire their killer shots a beam of light
suddenly appeared and one of the pirates' arm was pinned to a wall by a
knife. The pirates then concentrated on the shadowy figure that threw the
blade. Blast after blast just missing the mysterious character. Of course it

was K. He leaped at the pirate who was earlier pinned to the wall stabbing
him in the neck killing him almost instantly. Two more figures appeared in
the far side of the ship but just stood there looking on at their comrade.

"Should we help him?"

"Nope."

"Hey didn't you say Kiyone was on mission tonight?"

"Yeah what about it?"

"I think it may be her and Mihoshi who sent the signal."

"Yeah? Hmm looks like it. Ok well I'll gonna go get Kiyone and Mihoshi out
of
danger but not fight anyone."

"Have fun."

Jynx spread his wings and took off to the young officers, grabbing them and
carrying them to Epion.

"Hi Kiyone, hi Mihoshi."

"Jynx! Epion! Is that K?"

"Yeah we're lettin' him handle this one."

The battle roared on for what seemed like forever. Then a quick blast from
one of the pirates and K was knocked out.

".....Ok let's go."

Epion and Jynx took off a top speed and quickly took out the pirates and
then
pulled K up to his feet.

"You all right?"

"Yeah."

Kiyone and Mihoshi rushed to join their friends then they all took off on
Kyone's ship.

"Um....hey thanks."

"Oh no problem. Feel like visiting Earth?"

"You know it."

Night turned to day and the Masaki house once again became alive. A new day
began and as soon as everyone was awake they went over to K's house to find
K
passed out in his room, Epion starting to wake up on the living room floor,
Mihoshi in her ultra-sleep state on a couch and Jynx in his room with Kiyone

sleeping on top of the covers with the light on.

"Mmm...good morning."

"Wha...Kiyone what time is it?"

"Um...around...oh my god 7! Mihoshi wake up!"

"Oh Kiyone....relax a little will ya?"

Kiyone started to get up and Jynx pulled her back down on the bed and kissed

her gently on the cheek.

"...it's Saturday....your off work remember?"

"Heh...oh yeah."

Kiyone laid back down to fall back asleep with Jynx.
Sasami walked over to K while Tenchi and Ryoko talked to Epion. It was the
first time Sasami has been in K's room. She took the time to look around.
And
admire how well K kept his room. She sat at the end of K's bed and stared at

him for a short while before she started to leave the room to join Tenchi
and
Ryoko.

"Sa...Sasami?"

"Oh! K....are you alright?"

"Yeah I'm fine."

Sasami ran over the K and jumped toward him hugging him tightly.

"Ahh Sasami...loose...loose. My backs really soar...my wings came in
yesterday remember?"

"Oh...*giggle*..sorry. What's with Kiyone and Jynx? They didn't you
know...they didn't...not with everyone being here and all did they?"

"No they talked all night and eventually both fell asleep. They really love
each other."

"K....umm can I talk to you for a sec, please?"

"I thought we were talking."

"Heh....K...I...I.."

"I love you Sasami."

"Wha...?"

"Sorry...."

"No....no, K I love you too!"

K then reached for Sasami and pulled her close to him and kissed her. Ayeka
then walked in, blushed and left. She started to understand that Sasami was
really happy and that she'd have to accept that.

-Well that's the end of that...yeah I know I said that this one and the next

story would be better but....oh well...hey I got an idea say it with me
now...Hardy-Har-Har! Hah guess it's true
Nothing Feels Better Than A Good Hardy-Har-Har Right Boys and Girls? Oh and
I
know that I spelled "Kiyone" wrong in my other stories I just figured that
out today I'm sorry. I'm sorry I thought it was spelled "Kyone"....damn now
I
feel bad again....
Hardy-Har-Har.
Heh love it.
