K-Ronicles: The Follow up series to "The Jynx Project"

Standard Disclaimer: The characters appearing within are the property of AIC

and Pioneer, and are used without permission. Please don't sue. I am not
making any money on this, and it's done out of love for the show.

Thanks to Bryan Weber for not saying anything about me taking his disclaimer

and of course M.C.L. to all the Juggalos and Ninjas reading my stories,
Psychopathic Records and all my freaks.

******************************************************************************

Yeah I know "Years After Time" is a really weird title but it sounds cool
and it fits the story perfectly. If you've read my other stories a battle
for
love was fought in the depths of hell between Jynx, Epion and K against
Azazel, Chadow and an unknown demon with of course Jynx and his friends
being
the winners and Jynx winning the heart of Kiyone all over again. Add to that

the two other romances that followed between K and Sasami. As well as
Epion's
and Washu's.
Well Jynx and Epion won't be in this story very much. This story is about K,

Ayeka and Sasami and how K and Sasami ended up as a couple. Years have
passed
since the battle in hell and even though K lost his arm it did eventually
heal and regenerate it self by way of magic. K and Epion lived with Jynx at
his rural Japan home for a long time before Jynx moved out to live with
Kiyone after they were married to a more or less degree. Being that Jynx,
Epion and K were all dead the usual vows of "till death do us part" so they
simply pledged their love to each other. Well any ways after he moved out he

let K and Epion keep the house for themselves as long as they didn't expect
him to continue to help pay for it. Years passed still and eventually Washu
and Epion had the same untraditional wedding which left K by himself. Once
again years passed until K finally grew up (keep in mind when my first
stories came out he was around 9 or 10) which meant he could leave the
planet
as he pleased and really could do a lot more stuff than before. Well even
though the trio disbanded and Kiyone and Washu pretty much left the picture
as far as Tenchi's house went the others were still there. K kept in touch
with everyone at the house which meant when he wasn't training to become as
strong as Epion and Jynx he talked to them which was like once or twice a
year. Well on one such day he called Mihoshi who he was very fond of and was

invited over to just kind of talk with everyone for a while. As he arrived
at
the house he was "greeted" by Tenchi in a very grim mood.

"Hi K...."

"Yeah hi, you dying or something?"

"......not me...."
This comment puzzled K and when he entered the house he understood what was
going on a little better.

"Hi K."

"Hi Sasami...*whisper*what's wrong with Tenchi?"

"Ayeka's sick....real sick."

"Want me to take a look at her? Epion and Washu taught me a little bit about

medicine before they left."

"Yes please..follow me."

K followed the now almost grown Sasami up to Ayeka's room where she was bed
ridden.

"Hey Ayeka how ya doin'?"

"Oh K, I've been better."

"Guess so, well I'm gonna try to figure out what's wrong you alright."

"Okay."

"Well are you in pain at any time?"

"Yes...kind of like a stabbing in my back late at night."

"Fever? Headaches? Any other symptoms?"

"Yes both and every so often my legs and arms go numb."

K seemed a little concerned at those words and turned to Sasami.

"*whisper* Yeah she's pretty sick...if I'm not wrong I think she may have a
disease called
"Green light sickness" it's pretty serious and well...."

"All right Ayeka I'm gonna go see Yosho real quick and get his advise on the

matter and then we'll figure out what to do ok."

"Ok. Nice seeing you again."

"Welcome, bye."

K and Sasami made their way back down the stairs where Yosho was sitting
with
Tenchi talking about training for the next day. By this time Yosho was very
old and couldn't train as hard as he use to be able to.

"Yosho?"

"K...how are you?"

"Fine, and yourself?"

"Old."

"Heh, naw. Yosho I need your advise on something. Ayeka is really sick with
a
disease I think is well, fatal."

"Yes...go on."

"I know of a plant on a barren planet that can heal the illness but it can't

be picked or it will lose its healing powers. So in order for Ayeka to get
better she needs to be taken to this plant but I don't know if she'll be
able
to survive the trip."

"Then take her their and take Sasami."

"Wha...?"

"Yes Sasami I think you should go. Your sister may need you by her side."

"When should we go?"

"Right away if possible."

"Alright, thank you."

Sasami and K then once again went back to Ayeka's room and explained the
situation. At the thought that she may die from this sickness tears came to
her eyes which in turn made Sasami start to cry. Even though it hurt to move

Ayeka managed to make it out of bed with the help of her sister and K. Soon
after they all boarded Tsunami to make their way to the barren land. Three
days elapsed before they made it to the planet with the mysterious flower
that could save Ayeka.

"There. If you can try to land on the flattest spot possible a ship and
breakdown just from the wind here."

Even though Sasami landed on a very smooth spot as K predicted the ship
broke
down as they were landing.

"Well that sucks."

"Ok ladies...shall we?"

All day the three were looking for the rare plant but to no avail. As day
turned to night they needed to make camp. A quick tent was generated by K as

well as a little food and tea that he was carrying with him.

"Alright Sasami time for bed."

"Ok. Goodnight Ayeka, goodnight K."

"Night."

Sasami fell fast asleep but K opted to stay awake for the night just in case

anything should happen.

"K?"

"Ayeka? I thought you were asleep."

"No, please lay back, relax a little. Talk to me for a little bit. Please."

"Aight."

K and Ayeka lay back staring at the stars which were now visible as the wind

died down into nothing.

"K where were you from before you died?"

"Actually....Jurai. Same as Jynx and Epion.

"Oh do you ever miss it?"

"No not really. No offence but I never liked the idea of being "ruled" by a
King and Queen."

"Hmm I miss home so much...."

"Hey Ayeka...would you think I were crazy if I said I think we're not
alone?"

"No. Sasami's here."

"No I mean besides her...I think I saw a young woman walking around that
looked a little bit like Sasami but a little bit older but not by much."

".......really?"

"Yeah, not to scare ya or anything."
"Not at all....K why don't you get some sleep you look so tired and I don't
think anything is going to happen tonight."

"Alright if your sure, I'll be a feet thata ways if ya need me."

"Ok, goodnight."

"Goodnight."

K went his way and quickly fell asleep but he was correct about the
mysterious figure.

"*whisper* Tsunami? Tsunami?"

Tsunami then appeared in all her glory.

"*whisper*Hello Ayeka."

"*whisper*Hello..why are you here?"

"*whisper*He's great huh? K will make a great husband in the future."

"*whisper*Huh? You mean K and Sasami are together in the future?"

"*whisper*Oh course.*giggle*If he didn't care for Sasami why would he come
here with you both? I know he doesn't really care for your safety as much as

hers."

"*whisper*That's so sweet but how do you know?"

"*whisper*I remember this night as the night Sasami first had feelings for
K.
I...she slept s soundly, not afraid of anything that could happen on this
alien planet. I'm sorry Ayeka but I have to go now don't worry you find the
sat flower tomorrow morning spend the rest of the day flying home to
Tenchi."

With those reassuring words Ayeka laid back down and after a few minutes
fell
fast asleep.
The next morning they found they plant as Tsunami said they would and Ayeka
got better. The idea of K and Sasami together somewhat disturbed her but
what
could she do? She started thinking that all K would do is ruin Sasami's life

so she started thinking up plans to get K to leave Sasami forever even
though
it may make Sasami unhappy for a while.

-Ok that's it for this story I know it sucked but I didn't mean for it to be

really paht just set the scene for the other K-Ronicles I promise they'll be

better but in the mean time Nothing Feels Better Than A Good Hardy-Har-Har
Right Boys and Girls?



Standard Disclaimer: The characters appearing within are the property of AIC

and Pioneer, and are used without permission. Please don't sue. I am not
making any money on this, and it's done out of love for the show.

Thanks to Bryan Weber for not saying anything about me taking his disclaimer

and of course M.C.L. to all the Juggalos and Ninjas reading my stories,
Psychopathic Records and all my freaks.
