Hi! I'm Willbob and this is my first fanfic so e-mail me at
Son_Gouku45@hotmail with C&C after you read it. This takes off of OAV except
Kioyne is in it.

Legal disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are property of Pioneer
and AIC. However, this story is mine. Please don't sue me, because I'm just
writing this for fun. All the charaters are thiers and not mine. Except
Ghenki, Sage, Akez, and Oborn. So sit back and enjoy the first chapter of
The Return of Kagato: No Need For Swordsman.

"You have failed Ryoko." Ryoko looked and listened to the darkness and
curled into a ball. "Oh well. No matter. I guess I'll just have to do it.
Time to be punished, my little Ryoko." Kagato walked forward. Ryoko was
having this nightmare over and over again. She wanted it to end. Kagato
lifted his hand, and swung it playfully. Ryoko slammed into Soja's wall and
fell to the floor bleeding. Ryoko suddenly charged at Kagato, lifting her
beam sword high above her head. She swung and Kagato easily caught it in his
right hand. He then shot an energy beam at her face using his left. Ryoko
fell to the ground bleeding. Suddenly Tenchi appeared and killed Kagato.
Ryoko smiled and woke up.

Ryoko stretched. She had obviously fallen asleep on the roof again. "I hate
that nightmare. Thank god that bastard is dead." She was silent just
thinking about how much she hated Kagato. "Woe. I stink. I'd better take a
bath, but first I'm gonna grab some grub."

Ryoko teleported into the kitchen where she found Sasami cleaning up what
remained of lunch. She turned around and saw Ryoko. "Ryoko, hi! I saved you
some lunch! Where were you? Asleep on the roof again?" Ryoko smiled. "You
guessed it! Now how about that lunch?" Sasami giggled. "Oh yeah! Here!"
Sasami tossed Ryoko a small bag. "Thanks Sasami. You're a life saver!"

Ryoko teleported to the edge of the roof so she could get some sun. From
here she saw Ayeka watering some flowers with Mihoshi. Washu and Kiyone were
obviously in the lab. Sasami was cleaning up the kitchen. Tenchi was
probably working or training with Grandpa. Nobuyuki was at work. There was a
good chance Ryo-Ohki was looking for carrots. That was everyone. She
finished her lunch. She looked over and saw a rock. 'Oh why not?' Ryoko
stuck the rock in the bag. She was going to throw it away but then she
spotted Ayeka. She picked up the bag and flung it at Ayeka. Ryoko quickly
ducked on the other side of the roof so not to be seen. She heard nothing.
She peeked over the edge. The bag was gone! A large sweat drop appeared on
her head and she fell over. Ryoko was confused. It couldn't have been the
wind because the bag had a rock in it. It wasn't on the ground. Ayeka hadn't
even noticed it. None of it made sense. Oh well. Weird stuff always happened
at the Masaki Shrine. Ryoko decided to forget about and take her bath. 'Aw
what the heck' Ryoko thought 'I'll walk!' Ryoko hopped off the roof and
starting walking to the Onsen.

Ryoko was sitting in the bath when Ryo-Ohki hopped in. "Mya, Mya Mya!"
"Hello Ryo-Ohki." Sasami cheerfully followed the cabbit. "Hello Ryoko! How
was lunch?" Ryoko smiled. "Delicious as usual Sasami." Sasami skipped in and
sat in the water. Ryoko and Sasami started to talk about Tenchi. Unbeknownst
to them they were being watched. A rock at the top of the Onsen was getting
loose. It started to fall, but it held on by one loose root. "Sasami.
Something odd happened. I threw a bag at Ayeka. It had a rock in it." Sasami
looked disappointed. "Ryoko." "Don't get mad. It never hit her. I don't know
why. It couldn't have blown away. I didn't even see it on the ground."
Sasami cocked her head. "Weird." SNAP! The rock fell at an amazing speed.
Sasami looked up and saw the rock speeding right for her. Sasami screamed.
Ryoko was filled with horror, as she knew Sasami was about to die.
"Kiiiiiiiyyyyyyyaaaaa!" a golden light shot into the rock and sliced it in
half. Ryoko looked into the light and saw a figure with pale blue eyes. The
light exploded into a glimmering sphere. Ryoko shaded her own eyes. She saw
the golden light break through the glass dome on the top of the Onsen.
Sasami just looked at Ryoko. "What, was that?"

Tenchi wiped his head. He was sweating, working in the hot sun was doing a
number on him. It was funny. He could have sworn he saw a child in the woods
earlier. And two men sitting in the trees. Who could they have been? This
was wier- "Tenchi!" He looked over to see Ayeka running to him. "Tenchi,
Come. You said you'd go shopping with us." Tenchi smiled. "Oh yes. I'm
coming Ayeka!" Ayeka smiled back and walked away. Tenchi would get his mind
off it by going shopping. Tenchi put down his rake and walked off in Ayeka's
direction.

**********************************************************

He watched as Tenchi walked away. He opened his physic link with Ghenki.
'Ghenki, Tenchi is going shopping.' 'Good Sage. He has already tried already
to kill Sasami. I'll follow them to town. You stay with Kashunito and
Nobuyuki. Ghenki out' Sage nodded. He flew off into the sky and headed to
the shrine,

**********************************************************

Ayeka and Sasami walked onto a playground. "Now stay here Sasami. I'll be
back in an hour." "Okay Ayeka, I will! Bye!" Ayeka walked off and Sasami
picked up a nearby ball. "Who will play with me?' "Hi." Sasami turned to see
a young boy with long black hair. He had eyes like Ryoko. "Hello, my name is
Akez. Who are you?" Sasami smiled. "I'm Sasami. Want to play Akez?" "Yeah!
That would be great Sasami!" Ghenki watched. "Good Sasami is being looked
after. I'll stick with Tenchi."

"Shopping! Shopping! I love shopping! Don't you Tenchi?" Tenchi just smiled
under the huge amounts of bags he carried. "Sure Ryoko." "Ooo! Stuffed
animals! Come on Tenchi!" Ryoko and the other girls ran across the street.
Tenchi sat down to rest. "Maybe I should be working." Up on the top of the
hilly street they were shopping on, a truck filled with gasoline was hanging
on by a dangerous chain. Suddenly the chain was chopped in half. The truck
shot down the hill. Tenchi looked at it. "Uh? What the hell?" Suddenly a
ghostly figure appeared behind Tenchi. "Who are you? You're-" "Goodbye
Tenchi." The bench exploded sending Tenchi into the middle of the street.
Tenchi lay their unconscious. The truck was coming right at him. Ghenki
looked at the truck in horror. Realizing he would have to reveal himself to
stop it.

Ryoko was really annoyed. Tenchi hadn't come with her. Maybe she didn't
attract him. No he had almost kissed her. Or was it the other way around?
Where the hell was Tenchi? She burst out the door angry wondering where he
was. She looked forward and saw him right in a fuel trucks path. Ryoko
froze. All of her memories of Tenchi and Her flashed before her eyes. He was
saving her from Kagato, Him slapping her when Mayuka was there. Good. Bad.
Happy. Sad. It didn't matter anymore. She froze and realized that Tenchi was
going to die right in front of her. She only did one thing. "Tenchi." She
whispered. Tenchi was suddenly awakened. He looked at Ryoko.

Oddly enough. Tenchi was thinking about the same things as Ryoko. Kagato. As
weird as it had seemed, he brought Tenchi and Ryoko closer together. He
realized something before he died. He did one thing. "Ryoko." The truck was
about to make contact.

"TENCHI! HOLD STILL!" Tenchi looked as a golden light hit the truck and
stopped it. It seemed to crumble and explode. The fire surrounded Tenchi,
but never hit him. He saw instead of a golden light, an eighteen-year-old
man stood in front of him blocking the fire. There was a flash and the fire
was gone. The man turned around. He looked at Tenchi and smiled. Tenchi
noticed that he had a katana sheathed over his right shoulder. All of the
women ran to Tenchi to check on him. Ryoko looked at him. "Hey you." The boy
looked up and saw her. He suddenly snapped back into reality. "Uh? Oh no!
Bye!" The man shot into the air. "Hey!" Ryoko shot after him. Tenchi sighed.
"Why does Ryoko always try to kill new people?"

Ryoko was chasing the new man over the city. "Stop! How did you know Tenchi'
s name?" Ryoko was getting closer. "Uh, geez, I don't know! Lucky guess? I
over heard you? He's famous? I don't know!" Ryoko made a shot at him. The
man ducked and grabbed Ryoko in a full nelson. "Let me go!" "Leave me
 alone!" "How do you know Tenchi?" The man let her go. "Look." The man
froze. He stared at Ryoko's eyes. "Your Ryoko, and, Jesus. This is weird."
Ryoko tackled him and they crashed into the street. "Gotcha! Tenchi over
here!" "No please! Tenchi can't know about me. You're all in grave danger.
Ryoko I'm begging you." "How did you know my name?" The man suddenly broke
free of Ryoko's grip. "This is important. You must all stay together at
once. Do you hear? There's only one way. Hey Ryoko. See this?" The man
opened his jacket to reveal he was impaled on a piece of debris from the
truck. "Take me to Washu." The man coughed up blood and collapsed. "What was
that all about? Oh well, lets go." Ryoko picked the man up and teleported to
Tenchi and the others.

**********************************************************

He was watching Ryoko. "No. We're too late. Ghenki has arrived with the
others. No matter. Myself influencing the world without being noticed isn't
enough. Its time I sent someone. Oborn! Come forth!" A burly man walked out
the darkness, carrying a huge sword that was sheathed. "Go to the past. Kill
them all. I don't care how. If you fail I will come. But I do not like
confrontation" "Yes my lord Kagato." Kagato smiled. "It has been so long
since I have been called that. Go now. Tenchi and Ryoko are mine. Just wound
them." Oborn disappeared. Kagato turned to face his window to the past. He
looked at Ryoko. "I have a surprise for you my dear. Hm.
Ahahahahahahahahahaha!

**********************************************************

Washu was prodding Ghenki's wound. Everyone watched as the wound closed up.
"He's fine but I can't figure out where he's from. His DNA is coded so I can
't find out who he is. He could be from the future. Or the past." "I think
he's from the future. That's why he's protecting us." "Good point Ryoko. I
think he knows he's welcome. He protects Tenchi, and you slam him into the
street." "Geez sorry. I was surprised. That's all." Ayeka smirked. "Hoo hoo.
Miss Ryoko, remind me never to do any favors for you." "That's it! Prepare
to die, princess!" Ryoko and Ayeka sprung into a fight. Washu sighed. She
looked over at her patient. He was gone! "He's gone! Where did he go?" Ryoko
and Ayeka stopped fighting. Ryoko looked over and saw the man walking around
and poking some of Washu's equipment. "Hey stop that! Just who are you
anyway?" "Uh-oh. Oh Washu. There's been a disturbance the space and time
continuum. I sure hope he didn't send anyone. Oborn! Ah man, this is bad. I
need a drink." The man started to walk to the door of Washu's lab. Ryoko
suddenly blocked him. "Wait who are you and how do you know about the space
and time continuum?" The man smiled. " I'm Ghenki. Ghenki Muraru. And I know
because I'm from the future." He pushed Ryoko out of the way and walked into
the kitchen. Everyone just stared at the door. Tenchi blinked. "From. the.
future?" Everyone rushed after him.

Ghenki sat down at the table where everyone was sitting with odd looks on
their faces. Sasami poured Ghenki some tea. Ghenki slipped some gin into it.
"Thank you Sasami." "You're welcome Ghenki." Sasami was the only person who
spoke and acted normally. Ghenki put his cup down. "Okay. Questions."
Everyone started to yell at once. Ghenki slapped his head and fell down.
After he got up, he motioned everyone to be quiet. "Raise hands. One
question at first. If you find out too much, I won't get to stay very long.
Okay. Sasami." "Did you bring anyone besides yourself?" "Yes Sasami. I
brought two others. They'll be here momentarily. In fact I'll contact them
right now." Kiyone's eyes went very large. "How are you going to do that?"
"Telepathically." Ghenki closed his eyes. "Knock knock." There was a knock
on the door. Sasami opened it. "Akez!" "Sasami" Ghenki smiled. "They've
already met." "Where?" "At the playground Ayeka." Ghenki and the others
looked as Akez and Sasami played together. Then a man walked in wearing a
soaking wet brown trench coat. "It's raining outside Ghenki. What do they
know?" "Enough Sage. Everyone, this is Sage Winterborn. Magician of Light,
and Demon Hunter." Sage looked at Ryoko. "No offense." Ryoko glared back.
"None taken." Sage smiled. "Remember, if I hunt you, our whole future could
collapse. Not that it already has. Thanks to him." Ghenki narrowed his eyes.
"Oborn is here." Sage nodded. "I'll guard the entrance." Sage walked out.
Everyone just stared at the door. Tenchi laughed. "Nice guy." Ghenki smiled.
"Ghenki, can I play with Sasami?" "Later Akez. It's question time. Lets see,
Sasami, Ayeka, and Kiyone asked a question." Kiyone and Ayeka jumped
forward. "We did not!" Ghenki got a large sweat drop on his head. "Uh, I
never said it had to be about me. If you asked it, you're done." Ayeka and
Kiyone fell over. "How about Ryoko." Ryoko just looked at him. "Why did you
save Tenchi?" Ghenki put a serious look on his face. "My job is to protect
you from any harm whatsoever." "Then that was you when the boulder almost
crushed Sasami, and when I threw a rock at Ayeka." Ghenki nodded. Ayeka
jumped forward. "You threw a rock at me?" "Well it would have been blocked
by your thick skull. Hoo hoo hoo." "Why you." Ghenki jumped in-between them.
"Stop. Mihoshi and Tenchi still have questions! Mihoshi?" "Well, geez. I,
uh, I know! Is your sword powerful?" "Good question. My sword." Ghenki
unsheathed his sword. It was glowing a light pink. "Is a mystical object. It
has unbelievable powers." Ghenki sheathed his sword. "Not as powerful as the
lighthawk sword however. But I can control mine better than Tenchi. No
offence." Mihoshi smiled. Ghenki looked over at Tenchi. "Well. Ghenki, who
is attacking us?" "I will explain that after your question. Now ask again."
Tenchi put his hand on his chin. "How did you last so long after be impaled
on the piece of scrap?" "Easy. I have healing powers. Watch." Ghenki stood
up and looked at Ryoko. "Blast me." Ryoko just stared at him. "No." "Fine.
Akez?" Akez nodded and stood up. He pulled a gem from his belt and grabbed
it in his right hand. "Hozoorah!" Akez's stone formed into a long sword,
with a two foot hilt and a five foot blade. He stabbed Ghenki in the stomach
and lifted him off the ground. He then flung him into a wall. Everyone just
stared in horror as Ghenki stood up and his wound healed. "See?" Ryoko
winced. "I'm gonna puke." "Oh yeah. Washu, you still get to ask." Washu
looked at Ghenki. "How did you know how to use my lab?" "Simple. I own it in
the future." Washu just stared. "Man I stink. Come to the bath with me and I
'll explain it there." With that Ghenki stood up and walked out the door. "I
don't trust him." "You don't trust anyone Ryoko." Akez stood up. "Wait for
me!" Akez ran out. Tenchi stood up. "Oh well. I'm going." Tenchi walked out.
After that, all the girls ran after him.

Tenchi walked in deep thought. Where did Ghenki come from? And what about
Washu's lab? Tenchi sat in the bath and wondered. Everyone was there
eventually. Ryoko was watching Ghenki. Ayeka was sitting quietly. Kiyone and
Mihoshi were talking. Sasami and Akez were playing. Washu was using her
computer to scan Ghenki, who was getting annoyed. Ghenki lifted his hand up
and blew up Washu's computer. "Hey!" "Shut up. I'm ready to talk. First of
all we all came from the future, for one reason. To protect each and every
one of you. If you die, we're screwed." Ryoko cocked her head. "What happens
Ghenki?" Ghenki closed his eyes. "Its painful to think about. It happens in
7 years. You're all there of course. You all stay with Tenchi for that long
I know. It's 3:56 in the afternoon. Washu is taking a walk with Ryoko. Ayeka
and Kiyone are watering the flowers. Tenchi is training. Kashunito,
Nobuyuki, and Mayuka are all shopping. Mihoshi is taking a bath. Sasami is
cooking lunch. Sasami has a daycare, and I was in it, that's how I know. I'm
5 and I hang out with Washu normally, that's how I get the lab. You say I'll
get it when you die. Unfortunately that's in 5 minutes. The sky gets dark.
Then he appears." Ghenki clenched his fist. "The only person in the universe
capable of that evil. Kagato." Everyone just stared. Tenchi leapt up. "That'
s who blasted me off the bench. "That was just a very weak clone. I don't
know how, he survived, but now he's back. With even more evil intentions. I
run out and he strikes me on the head. That's how I got this." Ghenki lifted
his hair to reveal a scar. Everyone winced. Ghenki dropped his bangs to hide
it again. "I then personally get to watch as he individually kills everyone
of you. Then he leaves. I get up and walk to Washu's lab. For 12 years, I
trained in fighting, thinking, building powers, and I made this sword. All
to kill Kagato. Then I went to a dark Soja when I was 18 and killed him. But
before he dies, he sends a message to himself. Not to kill you in the
future, but in the past. So he decided to train even more. Now he's an
uncontrollable beast. Doing anything to get power. He's been doing
unnoticeable things to kill you. A rock comes loose, a truck's chain breaks,
not anything to arise suspicion. He sent Oborn to kill you. Sage and I are
best friends, so he came with me. Akez is Sage's nephew. So we took him
 too." Ghenki shed a tear. "I don't want either of them to die." Ryoko
comforted Ghenki. Suddenly a black cloud appeared at the top of the Onsen.
"Ha. You're pathetic. You are weak, and you expect to protect them." Ghenki
looked at the top of the Onsen. He saw the black cloud float down. "Oborn.
Kagato sent his dog, not himself. What a coward!" The cloud exploded and the
bulky swordsman appeared. "Fool! Kagato is not a coward!" "Of course he is!
He came and killed all of them before they could turn around!" "Kagato is
not a coward! You're lucky he left you alive! He shouldn't have! But
everyone makes mistakes." Oborn turned to face Ryoko. "Like you Ryoko. He
shouldn't of left you alive." Tenchi jumped up and activated Tenchiken. "How
brave of Kagato to send a wonderful woman who would never kill like he made
her, to do his battles! How brave!" Ghenki jumped up and unsheathed his
katana. "Yes, I agree Tenchi. And trapping his teacher, because he was
jealous. With her own invention I might add!" Oborn turned and faced Ghenki.
"Well, lets see, bravery. What where you doing when Kagato was killing these
pathetic people. Lying there paralyzed with fear. How brave. Trapping his
own teacher with her own invention. Genius. Pure Genius. Well Ghenki, I see
that letting your friends die is much worse than using someone else to kill.
Yes. You are the coward." Ghenki's eyes filled with tears but he did not
cry. He stared at Oborn. "Coward. I'm a coward? Well then my friend, I guess
going into the past to protect the ones that you couldn't against odds where
you could surely die isn't brave. Isn't it? If that's not brave." Ghenki put
his sword into striking position and launched at Oborn. "If that's not brave
than what is you slave dog!?" Oborn drew his sword and blocked Ghenki's
attack. "You're nothing without that sword! Kagato will kill you
effortlessly!" Oborn knocked Ghenki into the water. As Ghenki climbed out
Oborn's sword greeted him an inch from his face. "I know you're better than
that. Where's your strategy?" Ghenki smiled. "Right here." Oborn looked at
Ghenki with a confused look on his face. Suddenly an unbearable pain shot
through his back and out his chest. Oborn looked down and saw Tenchiken's
front sticking through him. Tenchi pulled his sword out of Oborn. He turned
around and stared at Tenchi. "Now you die." Oborn lifted his sword in his
right hand, swinging down with incredible force. Ghenki sliced his right arm
off at the elbow. His severed hand fell to the floor still clutching his
sword. Oborn picked up his sword. And turned to face Ghenki, blood flowing
from his mouth. "I'll get you! Your dead meat!" With that Oborn shot into
the air and blew a hole in the top of the Onsen. He escaped through it.
Afterwards his arm exploded to dust. Ghenki turned to face everyone taking a
bath. Ghenki scratched his head. "Hey, it's already 5:00. Sasami why don't
you make dinner? Oh my god I'm naked except for this towel. Bye." Ghenki
shot outside the door." Ryoko lurched forward. "That's it. I'm gonna puke."
Tenchi ran out after Ghenki.

Tenchi ran out looking for Ghenki. He didn't understand why he ran out so
fast. I mean geez, he was barely there. Tenchi had quickly put his clothes
on. Kagato. He had killed him, and this time Tsunami wouldn't be there to
resurrect him. He would kill Sasami first. Tenchi ran up to the shrine. It
was dark now, the sun barely over the horizon. Tenchi stopped when he saw
Ghenki standing still on a spot in front of the shrine. "This where I was.
Paralyzed with fear. Tenchi, I need to tell you something very important.
But you cannot tell the others." Tenchi laid a sympathetic hand on Ghenki's
shoulder. "Whatever it is, you can tell me." "First I have to ask you
something. Why did you accept me so quickly?" Ghenki turned around and faced
Tenchi. Tenchi smiled. "I'll say the exact thing I said to Ryoko when Mayuka
arrived. All of them arrived like this. Ryoko, Ayeka, all of them. I guess,
I needed people that's why. Now what did you want?" Ghenki turned around and
walked to the edge where he could see the house and the lake. "When Kagato
attacked us Tenchi, I saw the house, the shrine, even the lake being
destroyed, burnt, falling down around me. No one could comfort me. When me
home was being destroyed." Tenchi stepped back. "Yes, my home. There was no
daycare Tenchi. I lived here. I watched my family being destroyed." Ghenki
turned to face Tenchi. "Who are you Ghenki?" Ghenki opened his eyes and
looked directly into Tenchi's. "I'm your son." Tenchi stepped back, and fell
down. Ghenki walked up to Tenchi and smirked. Tenchi blinked. "Who's your
mother?" Ghenki smiled. "You already know. She's the one you truly love
Tenchi. No I'm not like Mayuka. I have memories, I know I was born here. In
two years, I will be born. Unless you die, so I have to stop Kagato." Ghenki
turned and walked down the steps. "Dinner will be ready soon. Let's go."
Tenchi watched as his son left. "I have two kids, and I'm not even twenty
yet!" As Tenchi ran down the stairs to the house, it started snowing.

Everyone was rather quiet at dinner. Lost in their thoughts. Ghenki got up
first. Everyone looked at him. "What? Is it a crime to finish early. Geez."
Washu suddenly grabbed some of Ghenki's hair. "Now we'll see who you are!"
Ghenki blocked her with a sword. I can't let you do that. Besides, its coded
remember?" Washu ran out the door. "Sorry! I can break it." Sage came out of
no where and shoved Washu out of the way. Less than a second later the
ground exploded. Everyone ran out. Ghenki looked into the air. "Oborn!"
Oborn looked down at all of them and laughed. "Now we'll see who's the
strong one." "Aye, aye Captain Hook!" "You took my arm, now I'll take
 yours!" Ghenki readied his sword, as did Akez and Sage. "Be careful Akez!"
"I will Sasami!" The swordsmen leapt into the air. Everyone swung. The three
guardians were untouched. Oborn fell down bleeding all over. The others went
to where Ghenki and the others landed. Ghenki looked at the sky. "Oh no."
Oborn stood up. "I lost. What?" A white light formed behind Oborn. He was
suddenly lifted in the air. "Master, no!" "You've failed. My friend." Ryoko'
s eyes went wide. "That voice." Oborn was covered in a white light and then
exploded. "Aaaauuuuuuuugggggggggghhhhhhhhhhh!!!" Oborn's sword slid to
Ghenki's feet. "Not even you deserved this." "Hahahahahaha! That was
beautiful!" Kagato walked out and smiled. "Ryoko, Tenchi, Washu, Princess
Ayeka and Sasami, First class detective Mihoshi. I'm so happy to see you
all. It's almost a shame I have to, kill you all.
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!

Well that's the end of part one of Kagato Returns. Don't forget to send C&C
to Son_Gouku45@hotmail.com. Please stay tuned to chapter two of the poetic
series. This is the chapter with the best fighting. Love and plots some in
Chapter three. (Am I doing Kagato well? That's a key point in my story!)
Next time of Kagato Returns: No Need for Face Off!
