>^.^< Lover’s Peak: Tenko, Part One  >^.^<
by: Mystie (email me at lilwashyuu@yahoo.com)

Disclaimer: All things related to Tenchi Muyo! (except Tenko) belongs to
Pioneer. Tenko (her appearance, not the name) belongs to me (Mystie).
The idea for Tenko, however, belongs also to Pioneer, since she
resembles a cabbit.

Happy reading!

*************************************************************
    It was a typical day at the Masaki household. Sasami was busy
preparing a new recipe with Ryo-Ohki tottling at her heels, wanting
desperately to help. Mihoshi was watching television in the living room,
too engrossed in the show to know or care what was happening around her.
Ayeka was in her room, fixing herself up after a hard day of chores,
hoping her appearance would impress her crush, Tenchi. He, by the way,
was in the fields, tending the garden. And Washu, the number one
scientist in the universe, was locked away in her lab, working on her
latest experiment.
    However, no one seemed to realize that Ryoko was missing. Princess
Ayeka was probably happy to have some peace and quiet from that demon.
Ryoko was in her room, just staring out the window at the dirt path down
below, waiting for Tenchi to return home. <I can’t believe that I, a
vicious and powerful demon, has feeling for that boy,> thought Ryoko. <I
can’t help it, though. I-I love him. I need to tell him, somehow.>
    Just then, Ryoko spotted a familiar figure approaching the house
down the path.
    “Oh, TENCHI!” Ryoko cried, not thinking straight.
    “What was that?” Ayeka called from the next room.
    <Uh oh,> Ryoko thought to herself. <I don’t want that little priss
getting in the way of my time alone with Tenchi. She’ll ruin
everything.>
    “None of your business!” Ryoko yelled to Ayeka.
    “Well, sooory!” Ayeka retorted. “Although I’d HATE to ask you for a
favor, could
you tell me when Tenchi comes back? I want to see him.”
    “Fine, fine.” <Not in this life, bitch!>  Ryoko thought.
    By then, Tenchi had almost reached the house. So Ryoko stood up
straight, then took one step backwards. She disappeared from the room
and reappeared next to a tree to the side of the dirt path. Tenchi
almost passed her, since he was looking up towards the sky, but then he
looked down and spotted Ryoko.
    “R-Ryoko!” Tenchi said, nervously. “What are you doing here?”
    “Oh, just waiting for you, Tenchi dear!” cried Ryoko, throwing her
arms around him.
    “Uh...” Tenchi studdered.
    Just then, Tenchi and Ryoko heard a slam of a door from the Masaki
house, and a VERY angry figure standing at the door.
    “RYOKO! What ARE you doing?!” It was Ayeka.
    <Figures,> Ryoko thought. <She ALWAYS has to ruin my moments with
Tenchi.>
    “Hi, um, Ayeka!” Tenchi called, trying to sound casual.
    But Ayeka just marched right past Tenchi and up to Ryoko, who was
looking up at the sky, pretending she didn’t notice Ayeka was there.
    “YOU SAID YOU WOULD TELL ME WHEN TENCHI GETS HERE!! I WANTED TO BE
ABLE TO TALK TO HIM!!!” Ayeka screamed.
    “Oh, I  DID?” replied Ryoko, sarcastically. “I don’t remember you
saying anything to me. I’m so SORRY!”
    Ayeka clenched her teeth. “Well, that’s what I get for trusting
YOU.” She starts mumbling under her breath.
    Ryoko held her ear up to Ayeka. “What was that, Princess? That’s no
way for royalty to talk.”
    “Hmph!” Ayeka turned towards Tenchi and adjusted her dress. “Welcome
back, Lord Tenchi. How did everything go in the garden this afternoon?”
    Before Tenchi could answer, Sasami poked her head out of the door,
wearing a cabbit on her head.
    “Dinner’s ready!” she called, with a cheery smile on her face.
“C’mon in! Hope you like it!”
    Ayeka and Ryoko glared at each other as Tenchi headed indoors.
Sasami and Ayeka went inside as well, but Ryo-Ohki stood at the entrance
and stared at Ryoko for a few moments.
    Ryoko looked at Ryo-Ohki. “What is it?” she asked, slightly annoyed.

    Ryo-Ohki continued to look at Ryoko, then broke out into a big
smile.
    “MIYA!” she cooed, then hopped indoors.
    <What was that all about?> thought Ryoko. She pondered this for a
moment, then headed inside as well.
*************************************************************
    Dinner was normal as well. Tenchi sat on either side of Ryoko and
Ayeka, who were both trying to get his attention. Sasami was helping the
toddler Ryo-Ohki cut her food, while Mihoshi was talking about the
Galaxy Police, which no one was paying any attention to. And Washu was
just sitting there with a blank look on her face, which wasn’t normal
for her, since she’s usually full of ideas.
    Just when Ryoko was about to fling some food at Ayeka (she couldn’t
resist), she noticed that Washu was staring at her. Ryoko had just about
enough of that. First Ryo-Ohki, then Washu.
    “WHAT! WHAT IS IT!?” Ryoko screamed to her mother, losing her
temper.
 Everyone stopped eating and looked at Ryoko with puzzled expressions on
their faces. Ryoko, realized that she spoke a little TOO loudly, sunk in
her seat.
    “N-nothing’s wrong, Ryoko.” Washu replied, meekly. “Although I need
to get that temper of yours checked. Are you sure you’re all right,
dear?”
    Ayeka stifled a laugh. Ryoko gave her a look of death. “I’m
FINE...MA'AM!” Ryoko retorted, with a nasty tone to her voice.
    “Please call me Mom, or little Washu, pretty please?” said Washu,
with a cutesy tone to her voice. “’Cause I’m just the CUTEST little
thing! Yes I am!”
    Everyone laughed and resumed eating, while Ryoko was making gagging
noises and sticking her finger down her throat.
*************************************************************
    Soon afterwards, dinner was over. Sasami and Ayeka were in their
room, talking like sisters normally do. Washu was not in her lab, but
with Ryo-Ohki, trying to act like a mother towards her. Mihoshi was in
the kitchen, since it was her turn to wash the dishes. The sound of
breaking glass and “Oops!” kept coming from in there, so Tenchi went in
to help her. Ryoko was just laying on the couch, thinking about what she
should do next.
    “...Miya, miya, meow, miya, meow, miya, miya!” Ryo-Ohki sang, to the
tune of ‘Twinkle, Twinkle’, while trying her best to dance as well.
    “That’s great, Ryo-Ohki!” Washu said. She then picked up Ryo-Ohki
and gave her a great big hug. “You’re sooo sweet! You’re just the cutest
little thing! Awww!”
    “Reow meeow!” Ryo-Ohki mewed, pleased to be getting all that
attention.
    <I think I’m going to be sick,> thought Ryoko. <I wonder what Tenchi
is doing?>
    As Ryoko glided towards the kitchen, Washu and Ryo-Ohki looked at
each other with puzzled expressions, then went back to what they were
doing.
    When Ryoko reached the kitchen, she saw Tenchi helping Mihoshi with
the dishes.
    “You see, if you have a tighter grip on the dishes, then they won’t
fall out of your hands. See, isn’t it easy?” Tenchi explained.
    “Oh, I get it now! Thanks for helping me, Tenchi! You’re just the
kindest person, I don’t know WHAT to say!” replied Mihoshi, inching
closer towards Tenchi.
    Ryoko growled under her breath, her ‘tail’ of her dress twitching in
every direction. <Mihoshi better not get any closer to Tenchi,> thought
Ryoko. <I have enough trouble keeping Ayeka away. I better put an end to
this!>
    Ryoko flew back to the living room, where Washu was, reading a book.
Ryo-Ohki had changed back into a cabbit, and was all curled up on the
other side of the couch from where Washu was.
    “Washu!” Ryoko hissed. “Get your ass over here!”
    Washu casually looked up, put down her book, and walked towards
Ryoko.
    “That’s no way to talk to your mother.” replied Washu.
    “I need you to do me a favor.”
    “What favor?” wondered Washu.
    “Just come here!” Ryoko dragged Washu to the kitchen. “Offer to take
Tenchi’s place and help Mihoshi with the dishes.”
    “Whatever for?” asked Washu, playing dumb.
    “Just DO it!”
    “Okay.” So Washu walked into the kitchen. “Hello, Tenchi. You’ve had
a rough day. Mind if I help Mihoshi instead?” she asked, cuddling up to
Tenchi.
    Ryoko stared straight at Washu, with clenched teeth and red in her
eyes. <How DARE you, Washu!> Ryoko thought.
    “Uh, sure, um...Washu.” Tenchi replied, nervous, walking backwards
out of the kitchen. “Go right ahead.”
    No sooner as Tenchi started walking up the stairs, he saw Ryoko at
the top of the stairs.
    “Hi, Ryoko.”
    “Hello, Tenchi.” replied Ryoko. “Could you meet me outside by the
lake? There’s something I need to tell you.”
    “Um, well, I’m kinda tired, so I think I’ll...”
    “PLEASE, Tenchi.” said Ryoko, unusually calm.
    Tenchi hesitated. “Uh, sure. Okay.”
    Ryoko smiled softly. “Thank you.” she said. “I’ll meet you outside
in a few minutes.”
    Tenchi saw Ryoko head towards her room, while he was wondering what
she wanted to talk to him about. Just as Tenchi was about to enter his
room, Ayeka poked her head out of hers.
    “Tenchi?” she called.
    “What?”
    “Could I have a word alone with you for a few minutes, please? It
won’t take long, I promise.” Ayeka asked. “Unless it’s too much trouble
for you.”
    Tenchi was trapped. Two girls wanted to meet with him around the
same time. “I’m sorry, Ayeka, but I’m afraid it IS too much trouble for
me. I’ll talk to you in the morning, okay?”
    Ayeka started to pout. “Okay, fine.” she said, and closed the door
to her room.
    Tenchi hated to do that to Ayeka, but he’d already promised Ryoko
he’d meet with her. So Tenchi washed himself up and headed outdoors
towards the lake. When he got there, the first thing he noticed was how
beautiful Ryoko looked. She had on a floral sundress, her spiked hair
was all up in a neat little bun, and she was even wearing earrings and
make-up. Tenchi was surprised. Ryoko usually hates that kind of thing,
being a demon and space pirate and all.
    Ryoko saw Tenchi staring at her and she smiled. “Hello, Tenchi.” she
said softly. “Come sit down.”
    Tenchi sat down on the grass next to Ryoko. “If I’d known that you’d
be dressed up like this, I would have put on some better clothes.” said
Tenchi, looking down at his clothes, which was the usual blue
karate-style outfit he almost always wore.
    Ryoko looked at Tenchi up and down. “That’s fine.” she said. “I like
that outfit.”
    Tenchi shifted uncomfortably. He had no idea why Ryoko wanted to
talk to him in private.
    “So...” Tenchi began.
    “Tenchi.” Ryoko said, rather quickly. “There’s something I’ve been
meaning to tell you.”
    “What is it, Ryoko?”
    “I...um, I...I...that is to say, that I...” Ryoko just couldn’t
bring herself to say what she wanted to say.
    “Look, Ryoko, if this is a joke...”
 Ryoko glared at Tenchi. “No, this is serious! I...I...I’ve loved you
ever since I first laid eyes on you.”
    Tenchi looked at Ryoko, puzzled. “Well, it didn’t SEEM like you
loved me. When I released you, you tried to kill me!”
    “Well, it just felt so GOOD to be out of there. And I needed to take
out my anger on SOMEONE.”
    Tenchi looked down at the ground, disgusted. “Gee, THANKS.”
    Ryoko sighed. “I’ve loved you before that. WAY before that.”
    “What do you mean?”
    “Ever since you were a baby, I’ve loved you.”
    “What!?”
    Ryoko took a deep breath and began to explain to Tenchi how she
watched him grow up, see his happiness, his pain, his anger. How Tenchi
was the only one who could see her when he was little, and how Ryoko
wanted desperately to hold him, to soothe his feeling, to comfort him.
When Ryoko finished talking, she looked up to see Tenchi staring at her,
wide-eyed.
    “Wow...” Tenchi whispered.
    Ryoko sighed again. “Look, I know this sounded stupid...”
    “No, no it doesn’t Ryoko.” said Tenchi. “I had no idea you had THAT
much feelings for me...I thought you just pestered me to bother Ayeka.”
    Ryoko shook her head.
    Tenchi stared at her. “I, I...don’t know how to say this, but, um,
I...I think I love you, too.”
    Ryoko looked up at Tenchi, her eyes filled with tears. “You don’t
know how much those words mean to me.” she replied, speaking barely
above a whisper.
    Ryoko and Tenchi stared at each other for a long time, leaning
closer and closer until their lips locked.
    Everything that happened after that was a blur...
*************************************************************
    Tenchi tossed at turned in his sleep. He was having a strange dream
which seemed very realistic. Soon though, he woke up from his restless
slumber.
    <Where am I?> thought Tenchi. <I hardly remember ANYTHING that
happened last night.> Tenchi opened his eyes and found out that he was
in his room, on his bed. But something didn’t feel...right. He started
to stretch when he noticed something. He wasn’t wearing any clothes!
    “AHHHHH!”
    Tenchi eyes looked all around the room, searching for his clothes.
When he didn’t see them, he looked at the other side of the bed to look
for them. He didn’t see his clothes, but he noticed a big heap laying
right next to him. Confused, he yanked off the covers to find a naked
Ryoko sleeping soundly.
    “AHHHHH!”
    This cry stirred Ryoko awake. She slowly got up and groaned. She
then opened her eyes and noticed Tenchi.
    “TENCHI!?” a baffled Ryoko cried. “What are you doing in my room?
And NAKED?”
    “I DON’T KNOW! And YOU’RE in MY room!” Tenchi yelled.
    Ryoko stared at Tenchi for a moment, and then at her naked self.
“Tenchi...” she said softly. “What exactly...happened last night?”
    “I’m not exactly sure,” replied Tenchi. “But I think we did it last
night.”
 Before Ryoko could think of a response, they both heard a knocking on
the door.
    “Lord Tenchi, are you all right? I heard a yelp come from this room.
May I please come in?” Of course it was Ayeka.
    Tenchi and Ryoko panicked. “Uh, just a...minute!” Tenchi called. He
looked at Ryoko. “Quick, hide!” he hissed. Ryoko raced towards the
closet while Tenchi found some clothes to put on. He then opened the
door.
    “Morning, Ayeka!” said Tenchi, a little TOO cheerful.
    Ayeka looked a Tenchi’s ruffled clothes and hair strangely. “Are you
SURE you’re okay?” she questioned.
    Tenchi gave Ayeka a big grin, sweat popping up on his forehead.
“Yeah, I’m fine. I’ll be down in a minute.”
    Ayeka smiled lovingly. “Okay Tenchi, meet you downstairs.” She then
headed towards the staircase.
    Tenchi breathed a huge sigh of relief and closed the door. “Ryoko,
you can come out now!” he called.
    No answer.
    Tenchi walked up to the closet. “Ryoko?”
    What he got wasn’t a response, but a moaning sound.
    “Ohhhhhh!!” Ryoko cried hoarsely from inside the closet.
    “Ryoko! Are you all right?”
    For a few moments he heard nothing. Then the closet door opened a
crack, and Ryoko’s red face poked out.
    “Are you all right?” Tenchi asked again.
    Ryoko nodded and cleared her throat. “Um, Tenchi? Could you get rid
of this for me?” She held out her hands.
    Tenchi looked at her hands and saw an egg, much like the one that
Ryo-Ohki hatched from. Only this one looked much like one of Ryoko’s
gems.
    “What is it?” pondered Tenchi.
    “Well...if anyone sees this, we’ll be in BIG trouble.”
    Tenchi’s eyes opened wide. “You mean...”
    Ryoko nodded.
    Tenchi quickly grabbed the egg and raced out of the room. Meanwhile,
Ryoko went over to the window and looked outside. She noticed her and
Tenchi’s clothes laying by the side of the lake.
    <Oh, no!> thought Ryoko. <What if someone finds our clothes outside
by the lake? Tenchi and I will be in trouble for sure!>
    Ryoko quickly teleported herself to the side of the lake, quickly
grabbed the clothes, and phased back to Tenchi’s room. Phew, that was
close! she thought. Ryoko hastily teleported to her room, threw on some
clothes, and headed downstairs for breakfast.
*************************************************************
    Tenchi slowly crept down the stairs, holding the mysterious egg in
his hands. <If I could just make it outside without anybody noticing me,
I’ll be home free,> Tenchi said to himself. Just then, Sasami walked
towards the bottom of the stairs.
    “Hi, Tenchi! Breakfast is getting cold. What took you so long?” said
Sasami, with her usual cheery smile.
    Tenchi froze, then quickly tried to hide the egg behind his back.
    Sasami noticed this. “Hey, what’s that?” she asked, her bright pink
eyes sparkling in the sunlight.
    “Uhhh, nothing, Sasami.”
    “Don’t be silly, Tenchi.” Sasami giggled. “You can’t hide anything
from me.” She quickly snatched the egg from behind Tenchi before he
could stop her.
    Ryoko entered the hallway and saw Sasami with the egg. “What did you
DO, Tenchi!?” Ryoko hissed in Tenchi’s ear.
    “She was too quick for me! I didn’t MEAN to!” Tenchi hissed back.
 Sasami stared at the egg, then back at a nervous Ryoko and a nervous
Tenchi.
    “What is it?”
    “NOTHING!” Tenchi and Ryoko cried at the same time, trying not to
look so nervous.
    “Hey, this looks kind-of like Ryo-Ohki’s egg!” Sasami figured. “Hey
everyone! Come in here and check this out!”
    <Oh no,> thought Tenchi and Ryoko, both at the same time.
*************************************************************
    A few minutes later, everyone had gathered in the living room, all
staring at that strange object laying on the table in front of them.
Tenchi and Ryoko, however, were looking at everyone nervously, hoping to
God that nothing would happen.
    “Soo, what is it again?” asked a confused Mihoshi.
    “It looks like Ryo-Ohki’s egg, only it’s red like Ryoko’s gems.”
said Sasami.
    Ryo-Ohki hopped onto the table and started sniffing the egg. “Reow,
miya!” she purred, rubbing against the egg.
    Ayeka looked at Washu. “Do you know what this is, Miss Washu? Surely
you do.”
    <Don’t you DARE tell them, Washu!> Ryoko thought.
    Washu started to open her mouth, then looked at Ryoko and the
expression on her face. “I’m sorry, but I have no idea.
This...thing...is very odd. Nothing I’ve ever seen before.”
    “Couldn’t you at least do some tests?” asked Sasami. “You are
usually able to figure out even the most puzzling of mysteries.”
    Ayeka and Mihoshi nodded. Ryoko and Tenchi looked down at their
hands.
    “I could,” said Washu. “But it may take days, even weeks, for me to
conjure any information about this unknown object.”
    Sasami sighed. “I guess we’ll never find out what it is.” She looked
up at Tenchi. “Tenchi, where did you find it?”
    “Uhhh...um...” stammered Tenchi, while all eyes looked at him
anxiously.
    Before he could think of an answer, however, the egg started to move
slightly.
    “AHHHH!!!” screamed Mihoshi, jumping up on Washu’s lap.
    “Get...off of me!” choked a squashed Washu. “I...can’t breathe!”
    Sasami looked at the egg with astonishment. “Look, it’s...it’s
hatching!”
    Everyone bent closer to the shiny red egg, and watched it slowly
crack open. The first thing they saw was a little nose poking out of the
cracked egg. Soon it’s whole body emerged from the shell, revealing...a
cabbit-like creature much like Ryo-Ohki!
    The tiny little ball of fur slowly opened it’s eyes, and looked
around the room at all the peering faces. It then spotted Tenchi and
Ryoko, were looked like they were both about to faint.
    “Mmeww...” it mewed, eyes fixed on it’s parents.
    Sasami squealed and gathered the cabbit up in a hug. “AWWW!! How
PRECIOUS!! Welcome to our house!”
    Now Tenchi was both nervous AND confused. Same with Ryoko. Washu
looked closely at the little newborn.
    “Hmmm, it seems as though it’s a she.” Washu proclaimed. “And from
the looks of things...”
    <Don’t you DARE say anything else, MOTHER!> cried Ryoko's thoughts,
sending the telepathic message to Washu.
    Washu understood. “It’s a she, all right.” she said, glancing at
Ryoko.
    <Mommy? Daddy? It’s me, Tenko!>
    Tenchi and Ryoko’s heads both jerked up when they heard this. They
then looked at each other.
    “Did you...” Ryoko began.
    “...Hear that?” Tenchi finished.
    “Yes I did.” Ryoko whispered. “It seems as though she can
communicate with us telepathically, like I can with Washu and Ryo-Ohki.”

    “Maybe they won’t find out where she came from.” Tenchi whispered
back.
    Tenchi spoke too soon. Sasami had noticed something awfully familiar
about the tiny little cabbit in her arms.
    “Look everybody, at her hair! It’s the same color as Ryoko’s! And
she...she has what looks like the Lighthawk Wings on her forehead!”
    “What!?” everyone in the room yelled. They watched in shock as the
little cabbit struggled free from Sasami’s grip and into the arms of
Tenchi.
    Sasami was right. Tenko DID look like Ryoko and Tenchi. She was very
similar looking to Ryo-Ohki, but the hair in her ears were cyan-colored,
just like Ryoko’s. Her fur was of a tan, skin-like color, also like
Ryoko’s, and Tenchi’s as well. Tenko’s tail was a jet black color, just
like Tenchi’s hair. Her eyes were a lot like Ryoko’s, but more round,
like Tenchi’s. And the most discriminating part about Tenko was...she
had a symbol of the Lighthawk Wings on her forehead, much like the one
Tenchi would get when he would face off in a fierce battle.
    Everyone continued to stare with disbelief as the cabbit rubbed
against Tenchi, then Ryoko.
    “Oh! I think I’ve figured it out now!” cried Mihoshi.
    Everyone else in the room looked at Mihoshi, anxiously awaiting her
response.
    “That creature must really like Tenchi and Ryoko!”
    Everybody groaned. “MIHOOOSHI!!”
    Washu bit her lip and kept silent, even though she KNEW exactly what
was happening, but then she couldn’t stand it one minute more.
    “Everyone, I’d like you to meet the newest addition to the Masaki
household, Tenko Masaki!” announced Washu. “And according to my beliefs,
the parents are...” she looked around and pointed to Ryoko and Tenchi.
“Those two, Tenchi and Ryoko!”
    Ryoko grinned sheepishly, while Tenchi looked down at the floor.
    “WHAAAAAAT!?!?!?” was the last thing Ayeka screamed before passing
out.
**************************************************************

Well, that's the end of the first part. Hope you all liked it. Send
questions or comments to lilwashyuu@yahoo.com. Thank you.
