>^.^< Lover's Peak: Tenko - Part Two >^.^<
By: Mystie (lilwashyuu@yahoo.com)

Disclaimer: Although the idea for Tenko and this fanfic belongs to me,
Tenchi Muyo belongs to AIC and Pioneer.

Here's the second part. Enjoy!

************************************************************
    “Ayeka...Ayeka...”
    The sound of Tenchi’s concerned voice flowed through Ayeka’s mind.
Tenchi’s voice was very comforting to her. Ayeka felt a warmth through
her heart.
    “Tenchi...” she moaned.
    Her eyes fluttered open, and she found herself looking into Tenchi’s
dark brown eyes.
    “Oh, Tenchi!” she cried, grabbing onto Tenchi for dear life. “I had
the most HORRIBLE dream! You and Ryoko...”
    Ayeka stopped in mid-sentence when she noticed a cabbit, that wasn’t
Ryo-Ohki, on Tenchi’s head.
    “Um, Ayeka...it wasn’t a dream.” replied Tenchi, as gently as
possible.
    Tears came to Ayeka’s eyes. She was too choked up to hold them back.
“Tenchi, how COULD you?”
    Ayeka slowly lifted her head from Tenchi’s shoulders and looked
around the room. She noticed she was in Washu’s lab. Ayeka tried to
regain dignity, but when she spotted Ryoko, she lost it.
    “YOU!!” Ayeka screeched, pointing at Ryoko. “How DARE you do that to
Tenchi, you she-demon!”
    “LOOK.” retorted Ryoko, who was obviously angry. “I barely remember
what happened last night, and Tenchi DID go along with me, didn’t he?!”
    “Uh...” stammered Tenchi.
    Ayeka was filled with rage, staring at Ryoko while clenching her
fists tightly. Ryoko did the same.
    “YOU...!” they both started to yell at the same time.
    “QUIET! BOTH OF YOU!”
    Ayeka and Ryoko whirled around. There stood Washu, in her adult
body, looking down upon the two fighters with disgust.
    “That’s better.” Washu smiled. “Now come with me.”
    Washu led Ryoko, Tenchi, and Ayeka to another part of her lab, where
Sasami, Ryo-Ohki, and Mihoshi were waiting patiently. Tenchi noticed
that Nobuyuki and Yosho were there, as well.
    “Dad! Grandpa! When did you get back?” Tenchi cried, while sweat
formed on his forehead.
    The three of them stared at each other for a moment.
    “Son!” Nobuyuki suddenly cried, while running over to Tenchi and
giving him a big hug. “You’ve finally become a man! I’m so proud of
you!”
    “D-dad! I...can’t..breathe!”
    Yosho just simply looked at Tenchi and Nobuyuki and sighed.
    “Sit down everybody!” Washu called.
    No one paid any attention to her.
    “NOW, DAMNIT!”
    Everybody quickly sat down, frightened as to what Washu would do to
them.
    Washu smiled again. “Thank you. Now, the reason I brought you all
down here today concerns Tenko, the daughter of Tenchi and Ryoko.”
    Ayeka’ s eyes slowly filled with tears when she heard this. Washu
didn’t notice.
    “Now, as we all know...” Ryoko raised her hand. “Yes, Ryoko?”
    “Washu...” Ryoko began. Washu glared at her. “I mean, MOM, why are
you in your adult body?”
    Washu grinned. “Because it makes me feel more like a mother.” She
hugged Ryoko. “And NOW it makes me feel more like a grandmother!!” Washu
beamed at this.
    “Okay, OKAY!” yelled Ryoko, pulling herself away from Washu. “Go
on.”
    “Well,” began Washu. “As we all know, Tenko is, in fact, a cabbit.”
    “Miya, meow!” said the humanoid Ryo-Ohki, and Tenko started to meow,
as well.
    Sasami raised her hand. “Yes, Sasami?” Washu called on her.
    Sasami stood up gracefully and cleared her throat. “But why, Washu?
Why is she a cabbit and not a human?”
    “You see, Sasami,” Washu explained. “Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki were both
made very similarly, and I used my own DNA for Ryoko, and some different
cells for Ryo-Ohki in her spaceship form. While making Ryoko, I decided
to mix her reproducing cells with the cells I later used to make
Ryo-Ohki. As a result, if Ryoko would ever have a baby, which I had
doubted, the baby would be part cabbit, Ryo-Ohki’s other form, and part
human.”
    “You mean a humanoid like Ryo-Ohki is now?” wondered Tenchi.
    “Sort of,” said Washu. “But I also added more human cells, so
Tenko’s other form will be more human-like, especially since combined
with Tenchi’s DNA.”
    “Will she be able to turn into a spaceship?” asked Sasami.
    “It all depends on how much of Ryo-Ohki’s DNA converted to Tenko’s
body. We’ll just have to wait and see.” Washu looked around the room.
“Any other questions?”
    Mihoshi raised her hand. “Um, Washu? I don’t get it. Could you
explain it again, please?”
    Everybody fell over backwards, with big sweat drops on their heads.
    “Uhhh, no.” replied Washu. “But I DO want to perform more tests, if
it’s okay with Tenko and her parents.” She looked at Ryoko, who just
shrugged.
    Tenchi hesitated at first, but then he nudged the sleeping Tenko
until she was awake. “Um, Tenko?” he asked quietly. “Do you mind if
Grandma Washu performs more tests on you?”
    Tenko opened her eyes and looked at Tenchi.
    <I guess so, Daddy. Just don’t leave me alone long. I’ll miss you
and Mommy.>
    “I won’t be gone long, I promise.” Tenchi set Tenko down and started
to leave along with everyone else in the room, except Washu and Tenko.
<That feels so strange, talking to Tenko like that.> Tenchi thought.
    Once everybody was gone, Washu turned to Ryoko, who hadn’t left yet.
“Why are you still here, Ryoko?” Washu asked, while converting back to
her twelve-year-old body she was so used to.
    Ryoko looked uncomfortable. “Well, I was wondering...how did you
know exactly what had happened the other day?”
    Washu grinned. “Easy! Ryo-Ohki and I knew something was different
with you the other day, so I built another telepathic link between us so
we were able to know exactly what you were thinking and what was
happening.”
    “You WHAAT?!” Ryoko grabbed Washu and started shaking her. “How DARE
you butt in my personal life!”
     “AKKK! I-I’m sorry, Ryoko! I’ll undo the link, just let go of me!”
 Ryoko dropped Washu. “Hmph. Well, just don’t do that again, or I’ll
REALLY be angry next time.”
    Ryoko left the room, while Washu and Tenko watched her leave.
    Washu sighed. “Her attitude SERIOUSLY needs improvement.”
*************************************************************
    Meanwhile, way off in the far reaches of the Universe, Kagato, who
was believed to be dead, watched the going-ons of the Masaki residence
with glee.
    “HAHAHA!!” he cackled. “They have no idea exactly how MUCH power
that little Tenko has within her! And soon she shall me mine for the
taking! MUAHAHAHA!!!”
*************************************************************

That's it for the second part. I know it's short, but the conflict is
just building. Email all questions or comments to lilwashyuu@yahoo.com.
Or visit my page on Tenchi Muyo and Chrono Trigger at:
http://www.geocities.com/lilwashyuu/mainpage.html
Thank you.
