Love and Stars: Sleepless nights and awkward mornings

Tenchi Muyo does not belong to me nor do I claim to own it. I don't have any
money so please don't sue me. Plus I really wouldn't like to be sued!

Thank you,

Ryoko0o >^^<

Chapter 2: Sleepless nights and awkward mornings

***********************************

All through the night I'll be watching over you

And all through night I'll be standing over you

And through bad dreams I'll be right there

Hold your hand, telling you everything is alright

And when you cry I'll be telling

You were never anything less than beautiful

So don't you worry

I'm your angel standing by

***********************************

Tenchi lay awake; the night had been too confusing. Ryoko has finally told
him of her love and he had been too afraid to confess his to her. Now all he
could do was sleep and wait till the morning, that was easier then it
sounded. The night seemed to be passing very slowly and he had trouble
falling asleep. What bothered him the most was knowing that Ryoko was down
stairs probably thinking he didn't love her. He just wanted to go down there
and tell her but he knew that would only cause more trouble. If he were to
tell her now he would have to deal with Ayeka and he wasn't ready for that.

While Tenchi laid in his room thinking about Ryoko, her thoughts were also
aimed towards him. She also couldn't sleep she couldn't believe she had told
him her feelings. She was pretty sure he already knew but to tell him to
admit he was her weakness was inexcusable. Along with having to deal with
her actions she kept thinking trying to figure out why he had said nothing
to her. Even though she had told him not to speak she still hoped, deep
down, he would tell her that he loved her too. She was crying now tears
flowing down her face and staining her pillow. She knew at that moment that
it was going to be a sleepless night.

He finally became tried of laying there staring at the ceiling; he needed to
go for a walk. He quickly got up and changed his cloths; a nice walk around
the lake is what he needed. As he started walking by the lake he looked up
towards the sky at the stars. That's when he realized why she loved them so
much, they represented something she didn't have for seven hundred years,
freedom. He could never understand that until this night. As he walked he
allowed his eyes to wonder along the countryside, such beauty was held in
the Japanese country. This time of year was his favorite the cherry
blossom's looked so beautiful with the moonlight highlighting their color.
Amidst all the beauty his thoughts again turned to Ryoko, her beautiful
golden eyes, her soft cyan hair, everything about her was perfect.

She was tried of looking at the ceiling, tried of crying, tried of feeling
alone. Her body was sweating and she needed fresh air so she decided to go
sit on the roof. It would give her time to clear her mind and feel free with
the stars. As she phased though the roof she felt the cold air hit her tears
and she shivered and wiped away the wetness. She laid there for a while
staring at the moon wondering why space had such an affect on her and why
she could never picture living anywhere else then earth. She used to be sure
of the life ahead of her but now everything was different. She sat up to
look at the lake, she loved how the cherry blossom peddles would fall onto
the water, it almost looked like the were dancing on the surface. Instead of
just seeing the pink colors and the moon shining on the lake she seen him,
her Tenchi. He was sitting at the edge of the dock, his face held tight in
his hands. He was crying. She couldn't decide what to do, should she go to
him, hold him, or just stay away?

He could believe he had been so stupid he should have told her how he felt.
He just couldn't understand how he could be so brave fight with Kagato and
so weak when it comes to emotions. So afraid of being rejected even though
he knew she loved him already. He couldn't take it he had to tell her, now.
He stood up to head inside to talk to her but when he looked up she was
there, on the roof. He froze; he didn't know what to do. Their eyes meet and
they couldn't look anywhere else but at each other.

She felt her body freeze as he spotted her on the roof. Her eyes were fixed
on him, she could she the moon reflecting in his warm eyes. At this moment
it hit full force, she need him more then she need anything else, she needed
his touch, his smile, she needed that warmth. He could heal her his light
could take away all her past sins.

They said nothing just stared. He could feel his heart beating faster as he
seen the tears well up in her eyes. His angel was crying, sobbing for him
and he want to hold her take her into his arms and be her savior. But it was
too late she had phased through the roof, back to her silent agony and he
stood there staring at the now vacant roof.

The sun rose that morning oblivious of the previous night's trails. The
Misaki resident chef was busy cooking breakfast while her older sister set
the table. Mihoshi was busy watching her morning cartoons, true they were
not as good as the Saturday cartoons, but they would have to do. Tenchi had
only gotten two hours of sleep and Ryoko had gotten less, but they were up.

"Oh good morning Tenchi-sama!" Sasami said still chopping away at the
carrots.

"Good morning Sasami-chan." Tenchi said then sat heavily on the kitchen
chair.

"Are you okay Tenchi you look sick?" She asked placing her tiny hand on his
forehead.

"No, I'm all right Sasami-chan just tried that's all" He said messing the
little princess's hair.

Tenchi stood up and headed into the dinning room. Once there his noticed
Ayeka sitting politely on the floor waiting for her breakfast.

"Good morning Ayeka-hime" He said a little nervous as if she knew the
happenings of the night before.

"Good morning Tenchi-sama" she said happily knowing Ryoko wouldn't be up for
at least another hour.

Tenchi and Ayeka passed nothing but formal small talk for the next fifteen
minutes until a very tousled Ryoko teleported to the other side of the
table. Just as she did Sasami came out holding three big plates of food.
Soon after they all settled down, Tenchi, Ayeka, Sasami, Mihoshi, Ryoko,
Yosho, Washu, and Noboyuki, not to mention Ryo-ohki. The breakfast was going
by slow and Ryoko was hardly eating, Tenchi decided not to talk to he, not
until he would be able to talk in private. Noboyuki was the first to speak.

"Hey Tenchi, What you're not going to school today?" He asked with a mouth
full of Sasami's delicious breakfast.

"No father not today" he said looking up into Ryoko's eyes, "I have
something to attend to today" he finished looking back down at his dish.

"Good Tenchi," Yosho said and sipped his tea "now you can do more chores."

"I'm sorry grandpa I have something else really important to take care of,"
he said standing up and again looking into Ryoko's eyes, "May I be excused."
It wasn't a question, he immediately walked away and headed upstairs but
before he could reach the top there was a big crash outside.

"They are from Jurai, my parents are here!" Ayeka yelled as she bolted out
the door.

*******************************************************************

Please write me; tell me what you think! I need to know because if I am
totally destroying the art of writing I need to be put out of my misery
before I hurt someone! Please I would really appreciate it. Even if it's
just to say "oh my goodness that was the worst thing I have even read in my
entire life." This is my first attempt to a fanfic so if I really suck tell
me. And I'm sorry for rambling on like this I'm just paranoid that everyone
will hate this story! Well, thanks for reading it!

Thanks again

Ryoko0o>^^<






