
You just can’t tell

You’ll love and who you won’t

And I love you, as you love me

So let the clouds roll by your face

We’ll let the world spin to another place

We’ll climb the tallest tree above it all

****

I’ll be here just waiting for you

I’ll be here under your stars forever

Neither here nor there just right beside you



“Oh okaachan I’m so glad you’re here” Sasami said cheerfully as she wrapped
her arms around Misaki.

“Oh Sasami look how big you have gotten! It seems like so long since I’ve
last seen you!” Misaki exclaimed holding her child tighter. “Now Ayeka come
here and see your mother, I missed you!”

“Oh yes...umm.. OH OKAASAMA! I HAVE MISSED YOU SO MUCH!” Ayeka exclaimed in
a childish voice while throwing herself into her mother’s arms. Immediately
everyone face faulted (you know what I mean, squinty eyes, big sweat drops,
and falling on the floor).

While everyone was still on the floor Tenchi looked around and realized that
Ryoko wasn’t there. Not that he was surprised, she always would disappear
when Azura would come, he still resents Ryoko for her past actions. So as
everyone was preoccupied with watching Ayeka and her mother, he quickly ran
into the forest the search was on.

There was only a couple of places he thought she could be, a certain
clearing in the middle of the woods, the cave, or the roof. Since Azura was
in the house he safely assumed that she wasn’t on the roof. The cave was the
next stop, he searched deep into the cave but she wasn’t there. She now had
to be at that clearing, if not he didn’t know where else to look. After a
long walk through the woods he finally approached the clearing and he saw
her. She was lying in the grass with hundreds of purple and yellow flowers
round her. She looked like an angel. As he came closer he could see that she
was sleeping, never had she looked so beautiful to him. Even though the
circles under her eyes were dark and her hair not as neat as usual, maybe
she didn’t look her best but she was beautiful to him.

He slowly sat down next to her admiring her beauty he light brushed a few
stray bangs out of her face. She moaned and rolled toward him. Seeing that
there was no other option he laid next to her and pulled her close. He never
wanted to move with her like this, in his arms.

A little while later she woke up and was surprised to see Tenchi holding her
tightly as he slept beside her. She wanted to jump up and phase away but she
couldn’t, it felt too right to move. She leaned into him feeling his chest
move in sequence to his breathing; she inhaled letting his smell invade her
senses. She never wanted to move, ever, but her thoughts told her to leave
while her heart begged her to stay. All she could do was wonder why, why was
he holding her like this, so tight so loving. She told herself to stop he
didn’t feel love for her, never.

He woke up to wetness on his chest, tears her tears.

“Ryoko.. are you okay?” He asked while stroking her wild cyan hair.

“Why do you do this Tenchi? Why do you make me believe there might be
something, something special?” She asked gripping the fabric of his work
tunic.

“Because Ryoko there is something special..” He said looking down into her
eyes.

“Don’t tell me our friendship Tenchi, you know I love you” she said burying
her face into his chest.

“I was going to say that...our love, our love is something, something
special.” he said, now caressing her jaw line.

“What do you mean our love?” she whispered, a little afraid of his answer.

“I mean..I mean I love you Ryoko and I’m sorry I didn’t tell you that night
on Ryo-ohki, I was afraid I didn’t thi....” he never finished, because she
had lightly pressed her lips against his. He could taste salt from her old
tears and from new ones, he needed more, he needed her. He deepened the kiss
and she obliged. Her hands roamed his hair and neck while his traveled
through her hair and down her back. Never had either of them felt such
warmth or such love.

******

They laid there for an hour, sometime kissing, but mostly cuddling, holding
each other. Soon they were on their way back home. Neither talked, they just
held hands and walked, every unsaid word was enough for them, I love you, I
need you, I'm forever yours.

A short while later they were home, no longer holding hands just walking.
They entered the house only to see everyone sitting around the table,
Mihoshi, Sasami, Ayeka, Washu, Nobuyuki, Yosho and not to mention Azura and
Misaki. They all just sat there staring at Ryoko and Tenchi as if they had
know about them, but know this was worse, much worse.

*******************

“What do you mean? I killed him, I killed him!” Tenchi screamed holding a
convulsing Ryoko in his arms.

“Tenchi-sama what’s wrong with Ryoko-chan?” Sasami said crouched down next
to them.

“She’s having a seizure Sasami-chan it will be over soon don’t worry, okay?”
he said smiling at the princess.

*****

Soon she stopped, but continued to cry.

*******

“No this can’t be happening!” Ryoko cried holding on to Tenchi, “He killed
him! Tenchi killed him!”

“I know Ryoko-chan but Kagato is back,” Washu said rubbing her daughters
arm, “But don’t worry we’ll get him again.”

*******************************************

so that was chapter three questions, comments, suggestions? Please any
suggestions are welcomed!! Just remember Tenchi muyo and all of the
character are not mine they belong to pioneer.  So don't sue me okay? Even
if you did I don't have any money anyway so you would get much! (Bwah
hahahaha.. ahem.. nevermind.)

Love ya.   Carrie>^^<




