Note: I do not own Tenchi Muyo! nor do I claim to own it. I really am not in the 
mood to be sued so I just thought I'd make that clear. Tenchi Muyo! does however
belong to Pioneer.

 

The days were pasting like minutes since the battle with Kagato. The day was new 
and the birds were chirping as Tenchi headed to the carrot patch. He could help
thinking about how many things had changed. Ayeka seemed more humble; maybe the 
resent experiences caused her to change. Mihoshi had no changed, she is still
the ditzy blonde, and that's how everyone liked her. Luckily Sasami had not 
changed she was still a carefree little girl, and that's the way it should be. 
Ryoko was
the one that had changed the most, since the Zero incidents she has been more 
affectionate and hasn't been shielding her real feelings. This scares him. This 
is where
my story begins.

************************************************************************

Please don't say I love you 

Those words touch me much to deeply

And they make my core tremble

Don't think you realize the power you have over me

And please don't look at me like that

It just makes me want to make you near me always

And please don't touch me like that

Makes every other embrace seem pale and sallow 

So be gentle with me cause your hands are in my hair

But my heart is in your teeth 

And it makes me want to make you near me always

************************************************************************

Tenchi couldn't remember the blue of the sky ever seeming so bright. All he 
could think of was the upcoming weekend; it would be the first weekend of summer
vacation. In the same way he looked forward to it he dreaded it, three months of 
the girls non stop, he'd need a vacation from his vacation. He was just about to
start working on the crops when suddenly he noticed someone's shadow hovering 
above him. A smile crept on to his face when he realized it was Ryoko. He
wasn't sure to show her he knew she was watching him or just let her watch. He 
knew how much she loved him, Zero made that clear. Before Zero he just thought
she liked him but now he could see it in her eyes. Deep down, in his heart, he 
knows he seen it earlier he just can't admit to his ignorance. Before he could 
decide
whether or not to say anything, she did.

"Hi Tenchi," the floating Pirate whispered from behind him, "Whatcha doin'?" 

"Ryoko," Tenchi said, "I'm trying to work, you don't what Ryo-ohki to starve do 
you?"

"Of course not then I wouldn't have a ship" she giggled.

"Very funny," he retorted, "so what brings you out here?"

"I was wondering if you would like to come with me somewhere tonight?" She 
asked, avoiding eye contact as much as possible.

" Nowhere that would get me in trouble right?" He asked.

"Nope" she stated quickly.

"And you won't try anything what would get Ayeka-hime mad?" He questioned.

"Nope" she stated again hopefully.

"Then okay, I'll go wherever you like this evening" he finally answered.

Ryoko threw herself into his arms at his last statement. She hugged him tight 
and without another word she turned away to fly off.

"Oh and by the way Ryoko..." he started, "I know today is your birthday." She 
quickly turned around and stared at him.

"How do you know that? Never mind just don't tell anyone, please Tenchi" she 
pleaded.

"I won't it will be just between us" he said and continued working.

Ryoko just stood there for a minute confused then quickly flew towards the house 
to get ready for the upcoming night.

*************

Later that evening Tenchi stood waiting for Ryoko near the lake. He looked up 
into the sky and noticed how beautiful the stars were. Just as he became lost in 
the
stars he realized Ryo-ohki was running towards him and before he could even say 
hi she leaped into the air. Ryo-ohki meowed and turned into her spaceship form.
While Tenchi was watching her transform he failed to see Ryoko sneak up behind 
him. 

"Hello Tenchi" she quietly said.

"Oh hi...Ryoko" Tenchi replied stunned as he looked at her. She was wearing a 
beautiful deep purple dress with lavender lace on the top. Her hair was up and 
she
had a beautiful ribbon tied in a bow.

"Are you ready?" she asked noticing the blank expression on his face.

"Uh.. yeah, yeah" he stammered.

"Then lets go!" she said grabbing his arm and teleporting them onto Ryo-ohki.

When they arrived on the ship Tenchi notice that there was a red and white 
checkered blanket on the floor. He also noticed a bottle of Italian Wine. The 
thought
made a little nervous, he thought she might try and seduced him again. 

"So Ryoko, what are we going to do tonight?" He asked nervously.

"I just thought maybe we could eat and look at the stars" she said sitting on 
the blanket.

"Oh okay then" he said and then sat on the blanket next to her.

She poured him some wine and then some for herself and then she just looked 
though the skylight of Ryo-ohki at the stars. Tenchi was surprised, she hadn't 
tried to
kiss him or hug him. So he took advantage of it he just sat back, sipped his 
wine, and gazed at the stars. He wasn't sure how much time had passed but before 
he
knew it the moon was high and Ryoko was resting her head on his chest and 
sleeping. He realized there was only one choice and since he didn't want to wake 
her
up the choice was to also go to sleep.

*********

Suddenly he woke up Ryoko was convulsing. He quickly sat up and started yelling 
her name but she didn't respond. Realizing he had to just wait it out he brought
her body close to his and held her, trying to control the shaking. It felt like 
hours before she stopped, but it was really only minutes. She lifted her head up 
with a
confused look on her face, and all she could see is Tenchi holding her, his 
strong arms wrapped tightly around her. She quickly jumped up and stumbled a few 
feet
back until she fell onto the floor. 

"Ryoko are you okay? You were having a seizure or something." He asked while 
running over to her and helping her up.

"Oh I uh...that happens to me all the time, it's not really something you have 
to worry about" she said brushing off her dress. She tried to change the subject 
by
talking about how beautiful the stars look, but it didn't work.

"What do you mean I don't have to worry about it? And don't try to change the 
subject!" He shouted, not realizing hoe loud he was getting.

"You just don't have to worry it's been happening to me for a long time, ever 
since...never mind Tenchi lets just go home, okay?" She asked almost sounding 
like
she was pleading.

"Ryoko why haven't you told anyone you could be in danger, they could get worse, 
how long have you been having them, please tell me." He asked, the questions
flowing from his mouth a million more racing through his brain. Why would she 
keep it a secret? That was obvious, it was a sign of weakness. Why won't she 
tell
him anything now, he already knows about it? 

"Okay I've been having them since the first time Kagato made me kill someone. 
Ever since that night I have seizures every night they, but they only last a 
couple of
minutes. I never wanted anyone to know because it shows that I am weak. Kagato 
used to beat me when he seen it, he'd say I was defected and useless and I'd
cry for hours. Tenchi you can't tell anyone please, especially Ayeka I don't 
want anyone to know. Please." Ryoko said. By now she was crying and finding it
difficult to breathe through her sobs. Her body was shaking as she built up the 
courage to ask Tenchi a simple question.

"Do you think I'm a monster Tenchi, or do you just think I'm weak?" She managed 
to say. 

"Nether Ryoko I see you as Nether one" he said grabbing her by the back of the 
neck and bringing her head to his shoulder. 

"I have never seen you as either one of those I see you as a vulnerable women 
who is beautiful and risks her life for the people she loves without thinking 
twice and
you are not a monster you are one of the most gentle and fragile person, and yet 
your strong and confident." He said, a little embarrassed he let himself ramble 
on
like that.


"Do you really mean that Tenchi? All those things you said did you mean them?" 
She asked her head still buried in his shoulder.

"Of course Ryoko I meant every word" He said, slowly running his head through 
her hair.

"Thank you Tenchi, for everything, I just want to let you know I...I love you 
and don't say anything, not now I just wanted you to know" and without another 
word
she backed away from him and called for Ryo-ohki, "Ryo-ohki, lets go home now" 

Before they knew it Ryo-ohki had teleported them back to the ground and she was 
once again the cut little cabbit. Ryoko just looked at Tenchi, the man she will
always love, blew him a kiss and walked inside. He stood there for a few minutes 
before he could move, he couldn't believe she actually told him. He knew she
loved him but she told him and now even though she told him not to say anything 
he would now have to decide. He knew though he already has chosen. He had
never been so scared when she started convulsing; he had felt his heart beat ten 
times faster. Choose? No he would have you because he already has. *Tomorrow
is a new day he thought* as he started towards the house and as he laid himself 
down in his bed that night all he could say was,

"Goodnight my Ryoko, I love you "

.

********************************************************************************
****************************************************************

Well this is my first attempt to a serious fanfic. Questions? Comments? Please I 
want to hear from you, even if it's just to tell me how much I that I'm a 
horrible
writer and you want me to stop before I hurt myself or the Tenchi Muyo! Series. 
Either way please e-mail me so I know whether or not to start the second 
chapter.

Thanks Ryoko0o@msn.com

>^^<



