          
          
          The typical disclaimer. As you probably know, this series is a 
continuation of what may have happened in the OAV series after Episode 13. I 
have added some new characters to the fold. Two you have met in Episode 1, and I 
will let you into their characters a bit more this episode. This episode also 
introduces the last new resident, our old friend Kiyone! Oh, and now for the 
standard legalese. The Tenchi gang (and Kiyone) are products of AIC/Pioneer LCD, 
Inc. Tanell is a creation from the Dragonriders of Pern series and also does not 
belong to me. Karasu, however, is totally my creation. Go Karasu!
       
       
       Tenchi Muyo: Manifest Destiny!
       
         Episode 2: Kamikaze Kiyone!
         
          	Kiyone sat in the cockpit of her old spaceship *Yugami.* She had 
thought she had seen the last of this ship long ago, but now she was right back 
where she'd began. Right now she was seething. She had been seething a lot 
lately. The cause of her seethe was her old partner, Mihoshi, when she'd still 
been only Detective First Class. She had been so glad when the Marshal had 
finally decided to promote her to one of the most prestigious positions in 
Galaxy Police Station Seven, Officer in Charge of High Crimes and Treason. 
Nothing much ever happened in Treason--the only being ever to make a successful 
assault on Planet Jurai was the space pirate Ryoko, and she had disappeared more 
than seven hundred years ago. But she still had plenty to keep her busy in High 
Crime.
          	And, oh, how she'd flourished in her new position! The lower-ranked 
Galaxy Police had finally stopped calling her "Mihoshi's baby-sitter" and had 
finally started to treat her with the respect due to a Policewoman of her 
talents. Due largely to her efforts, High Crime in Sector Seven of the universe 
was at an all-time low. There had even been rumors of her being promoted to a 
position in the General Universe headquarters.
          	But all of Kiyone's hopes had been dashed when she had recieved a 
personal call from the Marshal, informing her that Mihoshi had been kidnapped by 
a band of mercenaries after she had killed the most notorious criminal in the 
universe, Kagato. The Marshal had begged her to travel to the place where his 
dearest, only granddaughter was being held captive, Planet Earth. What was she 
to do? He was the Marshal. She had to say yes. So here she was, sitting in the 
cockpit of *Yugami,* who now belonged to Mihoshi, with her signal bracelet in 
the "summon" code, which it had been for two days now. Due to the good condition 
of *Yugami,* Kiyone suspected Mihoshi was simply pulling a prank on her 
grandfather and was actually fine. (She knew Mihoshi's reputed service record 
well.) Kiyone gritted her teeth. She would confirm the Marshal's concerns even 
if she had to do it herself. Mihoshi would not leave Planet Earth alive!
          
          	Tenchi walked downstairs for breakfast. Hopefully things would be 
normal this day. Ever since Azusa and his two wives, Misaki and Funaho, had 
left, Ayeka had been acting strangely. She still fought with Ryoko, but she 
often spent long periods of time staring out into the sky, holding her hand up 
to the center of her head ornament. Tenchi didn't know what it was about. 
Sasami, even, was worried about it, and the fact that Sasami was worried made 
Tenchi worried. Sasami often seemed the more adult of the two sisters, and when 
Sasami was worried about it, Tenchi deemed it something worth worrying about. 
And Karasu wasn't helping things at all. The human sorceress seemed fascinated 
with Ayeka, and while she did not interfere with Ayeka's musings, did not help 
them either. "I guess I should count myself lucky that she doesn't run weird 
experiments on her, like Washu does on me," Tenchi thought. At that thought a 
pang of fear paralyzed Tenchi's body, but he wasn't sure why. It was just 
compassion, he told himself. He cared for Ayeka, after all, and he didn't want 
to see her run through the gamut of experiments that Washu put him through 
daily. He looked at the living room. There was Ayeka, staring up at the sky, 
looking confused. "I'll go and talk to her," he decided, and took a step towards 
the violet-haired princess, uncomfortably aware that he was blushing.
          	"Tenchi! Tenchi!" Mihoshi ran towards him, in her rush tripping over 
the rug. "Ow . . ." Mihoshi's voice said from the carpet.
          	"Here, Mihoshi, I'll help you up," Tenchi said, and hoisted Mihoshi 
off the floor. She stumbled over her feet for a few seconds, then regained 
balance. "Now what is it?" Tenchi asked the Galaxy Police Detective.
          	Mihoshi began to cry. "I can't find Karasu! I wanted to invite her 
up to *Yugami* today and show her around, but when I woke up this morning, she 
and her pet dragon were gone! I looked everywhere, even the bathrooms, but she 
wasn't there. I went into Washu's lab, and she told me that Karasu was just 
taking a run like she does every morning and she'd be back soon. That was half 
an hour ago!" She wailed in despair.
          	Tenchi sighed. He knew Karasu's penchant for exercise well. Every 
morning at sunup she went outside and ran around his grandfather's property line 
twice. And Yosho had accumulated a great deal of property since he'd arrived on 
Earth! "Maybe she just saw something she liked, Mihoshi, and stopped to study 
it. That can keep her busy for hours. Remember when we went into town to buy 
groceries. We lost her for an hour before we realized she was in the back lot, 
looking into a mouse den."
          He remembered that day too well. Oh well. At least Karasu didn't seem 
to have any romantic designs on him! In that, she was unique among the women of 
the Masaki residence.
          	"But what if she tripped and broke a leg, or fell down a 
mountainside! Earthlings are so fragile, she could be hurt and we wouldn't even 
know it!" 
          	Tenchi tried to comfort Mihoshi. "Karasu is a lot more sturdy than 
we realize. I'd thought it was impossible to beat Grandpa at swordplay, but 
Karasu beat the crap out of him the other day." It was true, too. Tenchi had 
been practicing the routine with Yosho (he had been making great strides lately, 
too) when Karasu had shown up out of nowhere and challenged Yosho to a duel. 
Yosho hadn't wanted to at first, but Karasu had made fun of him, saying he just 
didn't want to fight her because she was a woman, and he was just acting like a 
misogynist pig. Finally he had acquiesced and told Tenchi to give Karasu his 
practice sword. Yosho hadn't been shook up by Karasu's teasing at all, but 
within five minutes Karasu had disarmed him. Tenchi was still trying to piece 
together what had happened. He thought he knew when Yosho had gone wrong, too. 
It was in the first thrust. Yosho had started out with the traditional rush that 
he started every practice session with. Karasu somehow had known that was 
coming, and easily jumped aside. As to the rest, he still wasn't sure. Karasu 
had moved so *fast* . . . if Washu hadn't later assured him otherwise, Tenchi 
would have been sure the sorceress was another alien. Then, realizing the source 
of the incessant noise that had been annoying him, Tenchi said, "Um, Mihoshi, I 
think you're wanted on *Yugami.*"
          	"Wow! You're right, Tenchi! I'd better get up there! It's a good 
thing Washu fixed my skimmer after it crashed the last time! Taking Karasu up 
for a visit can wait. This is official Galaxy Police business!" Mihoshi took out 
her cube and disappeared. Sighing with relief, Tenchi looked at where Ayeka was. 
She was gone.
          	"Ten-chi! Breakfast!" called Sasami. Realizing that that was 
probably where Ayeka was, Tenchi walked into the kitchen to eat. What he saw 
made him worried. Karasu wasn't there. And Karasu never missed a meal.
          
          	"OwowowOWitchitchITCH!" Karasu reached her long lean arms up and 
scratched her long neck frantically. Tufts of black feathers fell to the forest 
floor. Karasu looked at herself. Her human clothes lay on a sun-drenched rock. 
Right now, she was in her true form, and clothes were not needed. She knew what 
the residents of the Masaki household (well, perhaps with the exception of 
Washu, who had known her secret from way back in Egypt) would do if they saw her 
in this body. They'd hunt her as game, or imprison her as a curiosity, or sell 
her to a science lab. They wouldn't understand that even though she was not 
humanoid, she was as intelligent as any of them (again, with the possible 
exception of Washu). Her left killing-claw tapped against the forest floor. 
Again she reached into her lush feathery coat to remove loose feathers.
          	"Scratch any harder and your talons are going to draw blood." 
Tanell, her fire-dragonet, spoke up. She was perched on a low tree branch, 
batlike wings spread out to take advantage of the early summer sun. "Why are you 
molting at this time of year, anyway? You usually molt in early spring, not 
summer."
          	"I just walked halfway across the world, remember? Stands to reason 
that with all the changing ecosystems, my biological clock would be a little 
off." Karasu was not worried about anyone overhearing Tanell's and hers' 
conversation. Their words were spoken with the mind only. That was one of the 
fringe benefits of being a Priestess.
          	"Well, you'd better be careful where you leave those things or the 
women living here are going to freak," Tanell pointed out. "You have very big 
feathers, compared to a bird's."
          	"Maybe it's better that they find out," Karasu pondered. "I hate 
having secrets from Family." She closed her long muzzle full of teeth. One tooth 
wiggled. It was falling out. Karasu was not concerned. Soon another would 
replace the fallen one. "It's just that I'm not sure how they would all react to 
having a bodyshifted dinosaur in the household. I don't want to alienate them. 
They need me."
          	"Isis keeps secrets from *you.*"
          	"She's the Queen of the Multiverse. She has dispensation." Karasu's 
bird's golden eyes looked up at the sun. "Uh-oh. I'm late for breakfast. Sasami 
will be very angry with me." Karasu shimmered and disappeared. A moment later, 
an Earthling woman, stark naked, with glittering amber eyes, dark brown skin, 
and black braided hair stood. Her exterior shimmered for a few seconds and 
solidified covered with a white blouse, jeans, a denim jacket, and of course, 
Karasu's *tyet.* "C'mon, Tannie! I'll race you!" the woman in disguise cried out 
to her fire-dragonet, who hurriedly flapped her wings to keep up with her best 
friend.
          	
          	Mihoshi's skimmer landed on the dock of *Yugami.* Mihoshi realized 
that it had been almost a year since she had stepped foot in her old ship. 
Everything had been messy when she'd left. Now everything was neat as could be. 
Mihoshi walked on to the cockpit, oblivious to the many changes that had taken 
place in her main spaceship.
          	"MIHOSHI!" The cry was one of anger, but Mihoshi chose not to 
acknowledge that. She ran forward and hugged the irate Kiyone. "Kiyone! You're 
here! You're not dead! Oh, it's so good to see you again, Kiyone!" 
          	Kiyone pushed Mihoshi off of her and yelled, "Mihoshi! Please 
remember that you are talking to one of your superiors, a Galaxy Police sub-
Chief! It is not proper for you to be acting like this!"
          	Mihoshi cried with joy, "Oh, who cares about being proper in a 
situation like this? We're together again, Kiyone and Mihoshi! Just like the old 
days! Oh, wait until everybody has had a chance to meet you! They'll really like 
you, I know it! And Karasu will be so happy! She'll get to meet my old friend 
from long ago! I hope you decide to stay, Kiyone! You'll love it so much here!" 
She completely missed Kiyone curl her lip in loathing.
          	"Mihoshi, wai--" said Kiyone, but she was too late. Mihoshi had 
already taken out her cube and put in the coordinates for her skimmer. The two 
of them were soon flying down towards Earth.
          
          	Tenchi wondered why Karasu was hanging around him. Well, maybe she 
wasn't. He was deciding whether it was okay for him to ask Ayeka what was the 
matter. Maybe Karasu was really interested in Ayeka, like usual. She was staring 
up at the sky again. Tenchi wondered if she was sorry that she had missed her 
chance to go home with her father. She hadn't seemed to regret it at the time, 
but maybe she had changed her mind. Something in Tenchi shriveled up at the 
thought of Ayeka gone. Of course, he had felt the same way when Kagato had 
captured Ryoko. This was all very strange.
          	"Tenchi? Do you mind if I ask you a question?" Karasu spoke up from 
the couch, where she had been reading her book. Sometimes Tenchi thought that 
that was all she did in her free time, except run and beat people in swordplay.
          	"Sure, Miss Karasu," he answered. "What is it?"
          	"Just Karasu, please. When's your birthday?"
          	 Tenchi blinked. If he hadn't already seen Karasu do real magic, 
he'd have thought that an odd request. "December 25th. Hey, that's Christmas Day 
in your country, isn't it? That's a real coincidence, huh?"
          	"Some might call it that." Karasu wrote something in her book with a 
pen and continued reading. Tenchi was surprised at Karasu's devotion to that 
book. He knew that some people treated fantasy and science-fiction series as 
real life, but Karasu took the cake! "Why did it take you a few seconds to 
connect your birthday with Christmas, Tenchi? I know the Japanese celebrate it," 
the woman asked a few minutes later.
          	"Well, you know Grandpa is a Shinto priest, so we never celebrated 
Christmas in my household. Heh! I guess that would make me a pagan where  you 
come from, huh?"
          	"It would, but I don't care. I'm a pagan myself, actually. 
'Priestess of Isis,' remember? It's not exactly an orthodox religion. Now why 
don't you go talk to Ayeka like you want to?"
          	Wondering how Karasu knew that, then berating himself for forgetting 
she was a sorceress, Tenchi took a step towards Ayeka, but was interrupted by 
Yosho entering. "Hello, Grandpa," he said. "What's up?"
          	Yosho said, "I just came back from blessing a farmer's home not too 
far away from here. He keeps cattle and one of the culls was killed by a wild 
animal last night. He saw a footprint of the animal and swears it was some sort 
of demon. The rain had washed out the footprint by the time I'd got there but I 
blessed his farm anyway." He looked up at Karasu deep in her book. "Hello, 
Karasu."
          	"Hello, Yosho," Karasu said cordially. "Nice practice we had the 
other day. Maybe we'll repeat it sometime. I don't want to get rusty." That was 
another strange thing about Karasu. Tenchi had been apprehensive about telling 
her that the other women staying in the Masaki residence were aliens, but when 
he had tried to explain it to her, Karasu had surprised him by telling him she 
already knew everything. Karasu looked up. "Well, it's time for me to teach 
Sasami that new recipe I've promised her," she said. "Goodbye, Tenchi, Yosho." 
She jumped lithely up from the couch and walked into the kitchen.
          	"That woman," Yosho said, "is not normal."
          
          		Kiyone materialized from the depths of the lake. She started 
to take off her red headband to dry her face with, then thought better of it. 
Her facial deformity must be hidden at all times, along with the two on her 
wrists. Her mother had drilled that into her from childhood. A few seconds 
later, Mihoshi materialized. "I know, wet. Yuck, huh? But it is a perfect place 
to hide the skimmer!"
          	Kiyone gritted her teeth and slowly counted to ten. Twice. "Mihoshi, 
why are you all right! My information straight from *your grandfather* was that 
you were taken prisoner on this planet, not a welcome visitor at a guest house!"
          	"Grandfather Kyoshin told you that?" asked Mihoshi. "Really?"
          	"Yes," said Kiyone.
          	"He told you that I was a prisoner?"
          	"Yes," repeated Kiyone. 
          	"A prisoner on *Earth?*"
          	"YES!!" Kiyone screamed. "HE TOLD ME ALL THAT! SO WHAT ARE YOU DOING 
HERE??!"
          	"Oh, Kiyone, what an imagination you have!" said Mihoshi. "Ever 
since I was dropped out of sub-space onto an onsen near Tenchi's house, I've 
been living here in between patrols! I reported that to the Chief! You must have 
gotten the report!" 
          	Kiyone shook her head. None of this was making any sense! Why would 
the Marshal lie to her? Oh, well. It didn't matter anyway. Kiyone reached down 
in what had become a reflex action over the years and drew her gun on Mihoshi. 
"Reach for yours and you're dead. Not that it matters," she added.
          
          	Tenchi looked up from talking with his grandfather. Karasu was 
stepping out onto the porch. "I think I'll get some night air. I love summer 
nights, don't you?" Yosho got up and started to follow Karasu out.
          	"Why are you following her, Grandpa?" Tenchi asked.
          	"Because a young woman is holding a gun on Mihoshi," he answered. 
Tenchi scrambled to follow, only to be detained by Ryoko, who materialized in 
midair next to her.
          	"Where are you going, Tenchi?" she asked him.
          	"Somebody has a gun on Mihoshi," Tenchi answered.
          	"Hah. Good riddance, I say," sneered Ryoko, but when she saw Tenchi 
step out onto the porch, she followed.
          
          	"This will be so sweet," Kiyone said. "Do you know how long I was 
held back, being your partner? Do you, Mihoshi? And all the taunting and 
ridicule? 'Oh, there goes Mihoshi's baby-sitter' someone would say whenever I 
walked by at headquarters. And then finally it was over, I was promoted, and I 
finally began to get some respect . . . And then I got called back to drag you 
home! Mihoshi's baby-sitter all over again! Well, no more."
          	"Kiyone, I think you're making a mistake," Mihoshi said. "I'm here 
because I want to be! Really!"
          	"I had my orders," growled Kiyone. "My orders said to rescue you. 
Well, *no more.*"
          	"Wait just a damn second!" Kiyone was shaken out of her stupor by a 
contralto-voiced call from the left. She looked and saw a number of spectators 
watching her. One of them was an old man. She felt her cheeks flush as he looked 
back at her. No matter. She turned back to Mihoshi. A woman, as tall as Mihoshi 
but slimmer, was standing in front of her with arms spread out. Evidently she 
intended to protect her. "Excuse me, young woman, " the woman said, her amber 
irises focusing on Kiyone's dark blue, "You don't want to do this. I don't think 
you've thought this through very well."
          	"Who are you?" asked Kiyone, dazed by the woman's glare. She hadn't 
even heard the woman approach. And she'd only turned for a few seconds. Where 
was this woman from?
          	"I am Karasu," said the woman. "And you may want to listen to me. 
Kiyone, your being held back so long to be Mihoshi's partner was not an act of 
derision. It was a compliment, an acknowledgement to your skill."
          	"You're not making any sense!" Kiyone shouted. Then, to her 
surprise, the old man walked over and stood besides Karasu. "Madam, Karasu is 
right. I have no idea how she came by the knowledge, but she is right. Listen. I 
know how incompetent a detective Mihoshi is. Now think of how much more 
incompetent she must have been before you came along! Mihoshi's grandfather must 
have wanted Mihoshi to have an informal trainer in the arts of being a 
detective. And he would have wanted only the best for his only granddaughter. So 
he chose you because--"
          	"I am the best," Kiyone said. "I've always known it."
          	"Yes," the old man said. "Now, please, put your gun down." Kiyone 
slowly put her gun back in its holster. "But why would the Marshal lie to me?" 
she asked.
          	"Good question," said the Earthling Karasu. "But let's leave it for 
some other time. I'm famished. Sasami should be finished with dinner now. Let's 
eat! When Kiyone did not follow, she said, "Well? You're invited too, you know. 
C'mon in. Sasami's the best humanoid cook I know!"
          	"What have I gotten myself into?" Kiyone asked herself. Then, 
sighing, she went in to eat. She was hungry.
          	
          	After dinner, Washu and Karasu had their daily chat. "Hmm," Washu 
said. "So the gang's finally all here, eh?"
          	"I *think* so," replied Karasu. "I have a feeling that someone is 
missing somehow. But that doesn't matter for now. It doesn't seem like anyone is 
going to show up soon. I'm just glad I'm not the last one to get here!" She 
looked up at Washu's lab. "I like what you've done with the place, by the way."
          	"Thank you!" said Washu. "Any ideas on what's wrong with Ayeka?" 
          	"I still agree with the theory we came up with but I'm having 
trouble getting her head ornament off. Tenchi's always hanging around her. It 
makes me wonder."
          	"Not me," said Washu. "I'm sure."
          	"So, Ayeka *and* Ryoko--?"
          	"And Tsunami. You're forgetting about Tsunami. Well, I suppose 
that's excusable. She's only a widdle biddy girl right now." Washu laughed.
          	"But the prophecy says *'Three* goddesses--' Oh. I see. That would 
make sense, wouldn't it?" Karasu had a troubled look on her face.
          	"You find anything out new?" Washu asked Karasu.
          	"Two things. First of all, Tenchi's birthday is the same as 
Horus's."
          	"December 25th? Really? Well, that only proves his identity. I 
already know what he *is.*" Washu sipped her tea. She had finally gotten Karasu 
to sample the green tea on the promise that it had no drugs of any kind in it, 
including caffeine. Everyone else was confused by Karasu's refusal to drink tea 
or cola, but Washu wasn't. She knew a Priestess needed a clear mind to work 
magic. They never took any drug voluntarily, not even the good ones, like 
sedatives. "What's the other thing?"
          	"Kiyone is for Yosho." Karasu snickered.
          	"Welll. That is interesting. It'll be fun to see how she reacts. 
*We* know the truth, too. That'll make it even funnier!"
          	They laughed, and started to talk about little things. Washu and 
Karasu were old friends, but they hadn't seen each other in a long while. It was 
good to renew a friendship, even if it was for work.
          
          	Sasami ran into the living room and shook Ayeka, who was still 
staring out at the sky. "Ayeka, what's the matter? You've been like this all 
week!" 
          	Ayeka stared up at Sasami, and suddenly Sasami saw the universe 
scattered through her eyes. "Nothing, Sasami. Nothing's the matter. You see, I 
am quite fine." She stood up slowly.
          	"Hah! Little girl princess is sorry she didn't go home with Daddy, 
is that it? Well, that can be easily remedied. I can have Ryo'oki fly you home 
easily."
          	"Ryoko, stay out of this!" Ayeka flared. "Whether I want or do not 
want to go home is not your business."
          	"I think you're just scared to admit you can't make it on your own. 
You go crawling back to Daddy just like the good little girl you are now."
           	"I don't want to go home!" Ayeka seemed surprised at uttering that 
statement. Seeing that things were returning to normal now, Sasami stepped 
outside to explore, ignoring Ayeka and Ryoko yelling at each other inside. 
Ryo'oki jumped through the door and followed her. "Catch me, Ryo'oki!" she said, 
laughing. They ran into the forest, Sasami laughing. Then she tripped.
          	"Meow?" Ryo'oki changed into her little-girl form and tried to help 
Sasami up. "Meow, meow!"
          	"Thanks, Ryo'oki. Hey, what are these?" Sasami could clearly make 
out a bunch of feathers lying on the ground. "Feathers! Look at the size of 
them! They must have come from a really big bird." She searched with Ryo'oki, 
finding many of the feathers. Then Sasami found a real treasure. "Wow! Look at 
this, Ryo'oki! It's a wingfeather and . . . wow! A tooth!" She smiled. "I didn't 
know birds on this planet had teeth, did you?" She paused, listening to some 
unknown call. "It's time to come back in now, okay. But we'll keep these 
feathers. They'll be our secret!"
          	"Meow, meow!" agreed Ryo'oki.
          	Sasami and Ryo'oki carried in their treasure, not knowing they were 
old feathers discarded by Karasu earlier in the day. Sasami looked at her 
reflection at the lake. Tsunami seemed to be smiling at her.
          	  
          
         
         
          
          
          
          
