Disclaimer - Tenchi and the crew are unfortunately not my property.  I had 
no part in creating them, though I am desperately trying to figure out how 
to give myself Ryoko's abilities.  I am not writing this for the purpose of 
making money, though if any kind souls see fit to give donations I will not 
complain.  I am writing merely because I'm an obsessive person in general 
and I really need to get it out of my system.  Mayhem is my creation 
however, and anyone using him without my OK will anger the Great Shaven Cat 
Goddess and cause her to sic her elite pack of Killer Llamas on you.  
Criticism is welcome, flames are ignored, praise will inflate my ego 
greatly, and make sure I actually finish this one-day.  Enjoy.

Many thanks to my talented editor, and fellow fanfic author, for his help in 
making this readable.  THANK YOU DREZ!!!!

________________________________________________________________________________

Mayhem, Chaos, and General Messes
Chapter 7
Close Encounters


	"She has been like that for nearly half an hour Lady Funaho." The young 
guard whispered nervously.  "She won't respond to anything... we didn't know 
what else to do." He trailed off, shrugging his shoulders helplessly.

	"You did the right thing." Funaho reassured, giving the nervous young man 
an encouraging smile.  "I'll see to her, you just go back to your duties, I 
will call if we need anything."  With that the guard bowed, turned and 
resumed his normal patrol, but the worried looked remained fixed on his 
face.

	Entering the spacious office quietly, the elegant woman called out softly, 
"Misaki?  Sister?  Are you alright?"  Upon hearing her "sisters" voice, the 
usually hyperactive captain of the guard, spun her chair around, revealing 
her tear-streaked face.

	"I failed them." She whispered, choking back a sob.

	"Failed who sister?"  Funaho asked quietly kneeling down in front of the 
distraught woman.  Unable to say anymore Misaki merely handed the violet 
haired woman a small computer pad, pressing play as Funaho took it in hand.

	The hologram that popped into being was fuzzy and distorted, but easily 
recognizable as a former member of the royal guard who had left his position 
to join the GP in order to pursue the murderer of her husbands brother.   
After a moments thought she managed to recall the man's name, Heero.

	"My Lady Misato, I regret having to report to you this tragedy in such a 
manner, but I cannot at this time break off my pursuit of my quarry lest he 
slip away completely, and I thought it best that you receive the news from 
someone loyal to the Royal family rather than by way of a messenger."  The 
hologram paused, the figure seemingly struggling with how to proceed.  "As 
you no doubt have heard, the criminal, Mayhem, was pursued to a remote 
colony world, where he was reported killed."

	"Taking to heart how previous such reports have turned out, I proceeded to 
the planet on my own to confirm the report."  The small figure paused again, 
a delicate hand going up to nervously run through its long blonde hair.  "I 
only learned that the planet was the current residence of the Crown 
Princess's shortly before I arrived... and I must report with a heavy 
heart... that I was to late.  When I arrived the residence was little more 
than a crater.  And I found the wreckage of one of the two GP cruisers 
assigned to the planet in orbit around the planets moon."   He paused again, 
the head dropping, seemingly in shame, before continuing on.  "I was 
ambushed shortly after that by the other missing patrol ship, my ship was 
seriously wounded before I was able to raise my shields, and the fiend fled 
before I could return fire."

	Funaho could feel tears running hotly down her face as she sat back heavily 
on the rooms plush carpet, just barely holding onto the pad as it continued 
to deliver the grim message.  "Unable to effectively pursue or send a 
message because of the damage my ship sustained, I made the decision to land 
and look for any trace of survivors.  I found none, but I was able to 
identify the remains of ten individuals.  Most weren't in my ships database, 
but I was able to confirm the identities of Princess Ayeka and Princess 
Sasami, as well as the ex-pirate Ryoko and a Professor Washu.  I have 
attached a full report of the evidence collected and other details to the 
message.  I am sorry My Lady... I swear I will bring the animal before you, 
alive if possible."  With that the message ended, the pad slipped from 
Funaho's nerveless fingers, and the two sisters hugged each other in 
mourning.

________________________________________________________________________________


	"What the hell was that?!"  Kiyone shouted, bursting out of the bedroom she 
had been sharing with Mihoshi wearing a nightshirt and not much else, her 
pistol in hand and ready.  Mihoshi followed a second later wearing a pair of 
loose sweats and one of her seemingly endless supply of pink tank-tops, 
still half asleep but her pistol also in hand.  Sasami and Katsuhito soon 
followed.

	"Someone just blew up the Emperors suite." Keith replied, cursing under his 
breath as he stared across the gap between the hotels two towers at the 
burning top floor.

	"What? Why?" Sasami cried looking at the devastated floor in shock.

	"They undoubtedly thought that was where we were." Katsuhito responded 
grimly.

	Keith strode over to the window and glanced down.  "We're surrounded."

	"Now what do we do?"  Ayeka asked worriedly.

	"The roof." Keith replied curtly, turning away from the window and 
sprinting for the door.  "Kiyone, your with me... everyone else grab what 
you can and meet us there in five!" he shouted behind him, grabbing Kiyone 
by the wrist and dragging her behind him.

	"But I'm not even dressed!" the emerald haired detective protested as she 
was dragged out the door.

________________________________________________________________________________


	"What are we doing up here?" Kiyone asked as they sprinted up the short 
stairwell up to the roof, self consciously tugging her suddenly too-short 
nightshirt down.

	"Getting a ride." Keith responded, "There's a hover-car heading for the 
roof of this tower."

	"Did it ever occur to you that it might be a police vehicle?" Kiyone hissed 
in response.

	"To quiet."  Keith responded, coming to a halt in front of the roof door 
and testing the knob.  "Locked." He muttered, reaching into his coat for the 
pistol hidden there.

	"I'll take care of the lock." Kiyone hissed, watching him pull out the gun 
with a bit of surprise.  "That primitive little firecracker of yours will 
make to much damned noise." She added, pushing him out of the way and 
playing with a few controls on her GP energy pistol.  "So do you have a plan 
or are we just going to charge out guns blazing."  She asked, more than a 
hint of sarcasm coloring her tone of voice.

	"We wait until the cars close enough to cover any noise we make, I'll 
distract them, you get the car when it touches down." He responded with a 
shrug.

	"And if there's more than one person up there? She asked, raising her voice 
a bit to be heard over the sound of the approaching hover vehicle.

	"Improvise."

	"Great." The green haired detective muttered under her breath, pointing her 
pistol at the lock.

________________________________________________________________________________


	She smiled cruelly as the fire consuming what was left of opposite towers 
top floor started to spread downward and people started pouring out of the 
hotels front door, only to be stopped by the hundreds of police already 
forming a thick wall around the hotel.

	She felt a slight surge of admiration over that little detail orchestrated 
by her lord.  Even if any of her prey had been missed, they would find it 
difficult to get through that mass of uniforms without hindrance.  Her 
little fire wouldn't spread very fast and would be relatively easy to put 
out, after all, she had designed it that way.  It would help limit the 
confusion and prevent anyone from taking advantage of it to get away.  
Undoubtedly, every one of the senior officers and detectives involved in the 
operation were in her lords service as well, and would plant and lose 
evidence as was appropriate.  With a satisfied smirk, she packed up the last 
of her equipment and turned to face the incoming hover car, her heavy cloak 
blowing dramatically in the wind generated by its engines.

	It was no more than ten feet off the roofs surface when the door leading 
into the hotel slammed open, smoke pouring from a hole where the lock used 
to be.  Throwing the heavy case that held her equipment towards the landing 
hover car, she reached inside her cloak to grab the pistol holstered there 
even as a dark shape sprinted from the open door, several loud cracks 
echoing from the pistol in its hand.  The shots were only loosely aimed at 
her, but forced her to dive for cover behind a nearby air conditioning unit.

	"Should I abort?" the voice of the car's pilot spoke into her ear through 
her headset.

	"NO!"  She shouted in response, peeking around the corner to squeeze off a 
few blasts.  "Retrieve the case, then you can pull out, not before."

	"Yes Ma'am... he's charging!"  Responding to the warning she pulled a long 
knife from her belt even as she stood up to fire at the man charging her 
position.

	"Damn he's fast." She snarled as her target went into a quick roll to avoid 
her first few blasts, and then kicked out of it into a leap that no Jurian 
could have pulled off without some sort of enhancement.  He was within ten 
feet of her when one of the blasts connected with a flash and a puff of 
greasy smoke.  The grin that started to form on her face turned into a look 
of disbelief when he kept coming.

________________________________________________________________________________


	The small black hover vehicle came to a rest on the hotels roof with a soft 
thunk, and he fumbled nervously with his harness even as he threw open the 
door.  Getting the straps undone after a few seconds of effort, he pulled 
himself out of his seat and pulled off his headset, hastily throwing it onto 
the seat behind him as he spotted the case he had been ordered to retrieve 
and ran towards it.

	He never even felt the stun bolt that dropped him onto the roof in a limp 
sprawl.

________________________________________________________________________________


	Her pistol went skittering across the roof as her target tackled her to the 
ground, cursing she brought her knife up with a hard shove, burying the 
razor-sharp point into his belly and up under his ribs.  She grinned in 
satisfaction as he yelled in pain, spitting up blood from the lung her knife 
had punctured.  After seeing him take the hit from her blaster she probably 
shouldn't have been surprised when he still managed to strike out with a 
hard right cross that caught her on the jaw, knocking her out and making the 
hood of her cloak fall back.  Even as her world went dark she could see the 
expression of her opponent go from fierce bloodlust to one of complete and 
utter shock.

________________________________________________________________________________


	Kiyone jogged over to where Keith had tackled his opponent, blaster at the 
ready, even as the rest of the group, minus Katsuhito, poured onto the roof.

	"Keith!" she barked, holstering her pistol when she realized that the woman 
was unconscious. "Are you alright?  We need to go, NOW!"

	When he didn't respond, continuing to stare at the limp form of his 
opponent in shock.  She stepped closer; glancing at the sprawled form he was 
kneeling beside.  She was actually rather attractive the teal-haired 
detective noted absently, but she couldn't see anything about the woman that 
should be getting this kind of response out of her new companion.  That's 
when she noticed the blood, and the charred patch on Keith's shoulder.  
"Dammit, he's in shock." She muttered, quickly kneeling beside him and 
putting his arm over her shoulders.

	"Someone get over her and help me with this guy!"  She shouted towards the 
rest of the group, as she pulled them to their feet with a grunt, staggering 
under the weight of Keith's surprisingly heavy form.  Ayeka was there only a 
few seconds later, getting the other side of the young man and putting his 
other arm over her own shoulder.

	"Is he alright?" Ayeka asked worriedly, grunting a bit from the exertion as 
they half-helped, half dragged Keith towards the waiting hover car.

	"He's lost a lot of blood, but I can't see any open wounds on him."  Kiyone 
responded.  "I guess his healing power is as effective as he made it out to 
be.   MIHOSHI, I'm driving!  You get in the passenger side!" she shouted 
ahead as the blonde detective started to climb into the car.

	"Where's Lord Katsuhito?"  Kiyone asked Ayeka as they got within ten feet 
of the car, raising her voice to be heard over its engines.

	"He and that reporter are staying behind."  Ayeka responded, smiling 
briefly at Sasami in thanks as the young girl held open the rear passenger 
door for them.

	"Why?"  Kiyone asked as they manhandled Keith into the car.

	"My Brother did not say." Ayeka responded climbing into the car beside 
Keith and looking worriedly at his fading wounds.  "But I trust him, and I 
am sure he has a plan.  He always does." She added, a small smirk 
accompanying the remark.

	"If you say so."  Kiyone replied with a sigh, closing the door and climbing 
into the drivers seat, slipping on the headset that was lying there.  
Turning around just as Sasami climbed in the other side, she did a quick 
headcount to make sure they weren't leaving behind anyone who didn't want to 
stay, and pushed the throttle forward and the sleek little car lifted of the 
roof and sped away into the night, flying right underneath the first of a 
swarm of arriving firefighting vehicles on their way to combat the blaze.

________________________________________________________________________________


	"What the hell is going on?" Kanno asked fearfully.  His voice colored by 
confusion and fear as he followed the elderly gentleman down one of the 
emergency stairwells.

	"Explanations will wait until our situation is less hurried young man."  
Katsuhito responded in an even tone.  "Now tell me," he asked 
conversationally, stopping on a landing in order to fiddle with something at 
his wrist, "How do I look?"  With that his habitual disguise dissolved to 
reveal a handsome young man not much older than Kanno.

______________________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________________________

	Ayeka carefully pulled Keith's unresponsive form into a reclining position, 
his head on her lap.  With a barely audible sigh, the young mans eyes 
drifted shut and his form relaxed a little.  Absently brushing some of the 
boy's shaggy mop of hair out of his eyes, Ayeka noticed a gleam of gold 
peeking out from under his shirt collar.  Curious, the young princess pulled 
it out so she could take a good look.  Hanging from a thin gold chain was a 
simple cross, and on either side of the cross were two equally simple gold 
bands, one noticeably larger and thicker than the other.  She gasped 
slightly when she realized what the two rings probably were.

	"What is it Ayeka?"  Sasami asked, looking at her older sister curiously.  
Ayeka looked over at her younger sister, clad in a nightshirt and a pair of 
sweatpants that she had pulled on for modesties sake, and thought for a 
second about how to answer the question without telling Sasami anything 
Keith might not want her to know.

	"They're wedding rings."  Keith answered before Ayeka could think of what 
to say, his voice low, barely more than a mumble.  "The Cross is a religious 
symbol, an old present from my parents."

	"You're married?" Sasami asked, her voice betraying her surprise.

	" I was."  Keith replied tiredly, gently taking the necklace out of Ayeka's 
hand and looking at it with sad eyes.  "I told you about Talia didn't I?"

	"She was your wife?"  Sasami asked, her big eyes positively full with 
sympathy.

	"Mmm-hmm." Keith replied absently, tucking the necklace back under his 
shirt.  "Satoshima bought her while I was being trained, and then he bought 
me.  We escaped together... and things just sorta happened."  Keith finished 
with a small, wistful smile, his eyes drooping shut.

	"What happened to her?"  Sasami asked quietly, biting her lip a bit 
worriedly.

	"She died a little more than a year ago during a raid by some Jurian 
Military and GP." Keith replied, a bit curtly.

	"I'm so sorry." Sasami replied, with a sniff, her voice small.

	"There's nothing for you to be sorry about Kid." Keith replied with a sigh, 
opening one eye to look down towards the blue-haired princess.

	"But you said there were Jurian soldiers..." Sasami started to respond, her 
voice trailing off.

	"You weren't the one who sent those soldiers after me Sasami." Keith 
replied.  "That was Heero's idea, and I don't blame anyone for what happened 
but him.  Even the soldiers were just following orders."  Keith said with a 
sigh.

	"Old memories aside," Ayeka interrupted in a gentle voice, looking down at 
Keith questioningly, "How are you feeling?"

	"...I just lost a lot of blood, she was a hell of a lot faster than I 
though she'd be." Keith replied after a moment's hesitation, refusing to 
meet the elder of the two princesses gaze.  "Give me a while to rest and get 
some food in me and I'll be back to my normal self in no time."

	"Are you sure?"  Ayeka asked worriedly.

	"Yes." Keith replied quickly. "Yes, I'm sure."

	"But you were..." Ayeka started to reply.

	"Princess." Keith interrupted before she could say anything else.  "Just 
drop it... please."

	"... Very well."  Ayeka agreed with a sigh, blushing a bit when Keith 
resettled his head to a slightly more comfortable position on her lap, his 
eyes drifting closed again.

	"You know what Ayeka?" Keith mumbled.

	"What Mr. Mayhem?" she replied, resisting the urge to squirm when his 
breath brushed across the part of her upper leg exposed by the khaki shorts 
she was wearing.

	"You make a nice pillow." He finished, grinning a bit.  Sasami giggled, and 
Ayeka's blush darkened about ten shades.

	"Hey Keith!" Kiyone called back, her tone a bit amused as well, "Before you 
go back to sleep, any ideas about what we should do next?  I already checked 
with the Yagami, and she's says she's swarming with GP."

	"Somehow I'm not surprised." Keith replied with a yawn.  "There's another 
spaceport about three hundred kilometers due south of here, head for it."

	"What's down there?"  Kiyone asked.

	"Just someone who owes me a couple of favors."  Keith replied.  "Wake me up 
when we get there."

________________________________________________________________________________


	Katsuhito strode calmly and confidently through the crowded city streets, a 
much more nervous looking young man trailing closely behind him.  When they 
were well away from the mob of police and firefighters that had surrounded 
the Grand Jurai, Kanno turned to the older man and took a long look, trying 
to place the naggingly familiar face.  They had gone nearly ten blocks 
before he figured it out.

	"Yosho!" the young reporter exclaimed in surprise.  "The lost Prince of 
Jurai!"

	"I don't recall being lost." Yosho responded calmly.  "I know exactly where 
I've been."

	"Well no-one else did!" Kanno retorted heatedly, too upset by the night's 
events to remember the proper forms of address.

	"Well then, I suppose that makes this quite an opportunity for a young 
reporter such as yourself doesn't it." Katsuhito replied, his trademark 
smirk firmly in place.  "So you do a little favor for me and I'll make sure 
you get an exclusive interview not only with me, but with my sister as well, 
at least in regards to the details surrounding tonight's events."

	"Exclusive interviews..." Kanno trailed off, a slightly glazed look on his 
face as he pondered exactly how much of a boost that would be to his career. 
  "What do I have to do?"

	"I'll explain shortly, but for the moment I'd simply like to put as much 
distance between us and the hotel as possible."  Katsuhito replied curtly, 
continuing his way down the street, his unconcerned manner at odds with his 
words.

________________________________________________________________________________


	It was a familiar dream, and a pleasant one while it lasted.  He'd been 
having it off and on for over a year now.  The nightclub could have been any 
one of dozens he'd been in for one reason or another over the past few 
years.  The music was more a throbbing beat that you felt through the soles 
of your feet than anything else.  The crowd was equally nondescript, 
faceless bodies thrashing wildly to the deep bass pulse, made even more 
surreal by the flashing lights and drifting smoke.  And in the center of the 
chaos... Talia.  Lithe body following the music with considerably more grace 
than most of those around her, her barely-there layer of fur catching the 
lights and making her seem to glow as her wild mane of raven hair moved 
about her head like a living thing.

	He'd simply watch her, waiting for the moment that they'd catch each 
other's eyes and she'd slow the rhythm of her dance to something more 
inviting, holding his gaze with her silver eyes as a seductive smile played 
across red lips.  He'd stand entranced, approaching her in a daze when she 
beckoned for him.  Wrapping his arms around her slim form, he'd pull her 
against him, burying his face in her hair and breathing in her scent.

	"Hello Pet." Keith murmured, savoring the feel of her as she pressed 
herself against him, her own slim arms going around his waist.

	"Hello yourself Hun." Talia murmured in return.  "It's been a while, I was 
beginning to think you'd forgotten about me." She teased, leaning back just 
far enough to let them look each other in the eyes.

	"It'll never happen Lia'ne." Keith responded, brushing his lips against 
hers.  "You will always be a part of me, and I a part of you."  He grinned, 
"That was the whole point of the bonding wasn't it?"

	Talia grinned and kissed him back, laughing softly.  "I'm glad to see you 
were actually listening.  With the way you were staring at me during the 
whole affair I would've sworn you didn't hear a thing I said." She mocked.

	"You can hardly blame me for staring Pet." Keith countered, "But I took 
everything you said to heart."

	"Good." Talia sighed happily.  "Now tell me, who is she?" the question was 
accompanied by a wicked grin as she looked him full in the eyes.

	"Wha...?" Keith sputtered in response, trying desperately to figure out how 
to respond, and completely helpless to escape her gaze.  Talia laughed, 
pulling him down for a kiss.

	"The purple haired girl Hun, I know you like her..." she said with a grin, 
"I don't mind, I know you're not going to forget about me, and I'm not so 
selfish that I'd make you spend the rest of your life all alone with just 
little ol' me to keep you company."

	"Jeez, don't scare me like that Lia'ne." Keith growled jokingly, hugging 
Talia's slim form back to him again.  "So what do you want to know?"

	"Well talk about it next time." Talia replied a bit sadly, and Keith could 
feel the dream start to slip away as the real world started to impose itself 
on his senses, Talia's face fading away with one last wistful smile.

	"Keith-san." The voice sounded a thousand miles away, but was coming closer 
fast.

	"Keith-san!"  Ayeka... definitely Ayeka.  "Keith-san, wake up!  We are 
there."

	"Hmmm?" Keith mumbled, wiping the sleep from his eyes and sitting up with a 
wince.

	"We are at the spaceport." Ayeka repeated with a smirk.  "You are not 
exactly a morning person are you Keith-san?"  Keith just stuck his tongue 
out in response, absently combing his shaggy brown hair back into a 
semblance of order with his fingers.

	"Where'd you land us Kiyone?" he asked with a yawn.

	"Near a docking bay 42." Kiyone answered back over her shoulder as she 
finished shutting down the small cars systems.  "Will that work?"

	"So long as nobody minds walking a couple miles." Keith replied with a 
shrug, following Ayeka as she stepped out of the car.

________________________________________________________________________________


"Are you sure we can trust this contact of yours?" Ayeka asked, her voice a 
bit hesitant as they walked through the poorly lit spaceport, the sun just 
barely starting to burn through the morning fog.  Around them small stores 
and stands tucked between the worn docking bays that dominated the landscape 
were starting to open and set up for the day.  The beginnings of the 
morning's crowds started to appear on the narrow streets.

They were for the most part dressed in the clothes they had fled in, though 
Kiyone had pulled on a pair of jeans the second they had landed, and Keith 
had duck around a corner just long enough to replace his ruined shirt with a 
simple black sweat shirt that was just oversized enough to hide the worst of 
the bloodstains decorating his jeans.

"Marcus?"  Keith responded, grinning a bit.  "He's a pirate, a smuggler, and 
a general all-around crook... but yeah, on this I think I can trust him.  He 
owes me big time and he's almost always a man of honor when it comes to 
debts owed.  Besides, we've got a secret weapon with us."

Ayeka didn't reply, simply exchanging confused glances with Kiyone.

________________________________________________________________________________


	"I'm sorry kid, but I canna help yah." The bear-like man standing in front 
of them said, his voice firm.

	"What the flying fuck are you talking about yah damned pirate." Keith bit 
out, staring up at the larger man, a low growl punctuating the words.  "You 
owe me, and I've been damned generous about letting it slide until now."

	"If tha' nutcase who's always chasin' yah around even suspected I'd helped 
you I may as well kiss my arse good-bye yah little S.O.B. " the big man 
growled back, crossing his massive arms over his equally massive chest.

	"So I gotta do this the hard way then?"  Keith snarled.  "I bet that shiny 
new courier sitting out on the tarmac back there would be plenty fast enough 
to get us out of here." He grinned ferally, showing off a sharp set of 
fangs, "How much did the tub cost yah Marcus?  Specially after all the... 
modifications... I'm sure you've had done."

	The big man practically glowed red through his beard as he glared down at 
Keith, "Yah wouldn't dare yah little punk."  He snarled through clenched 
teeth.

	"Then find me another option old man." Keith shot back in harsh, clipped, 
tones.

	"Please Mister Marcus."  Sasami interrupted from where the rest of the 
party was watching the proceedings nervously.  "All we need is a ride."

	Marcus's fierce expression melted under the young princess's pleading gaze. 
  "...alright, I'll see what I can do."  The big man sighed.  But then gave 
Keith a hard glare and added  "Bringin' that wee gurl with yah was dirty 
pool May'em."

	"I know." Keith replied with a grin.  "Thanks Marcus." He added sincerely.

	"Jus' donna expect it tah happen ag'in runt."  Marcus added as he turned 
around and started towards the hangar door.  "My dept is PAID af'er this.  
Now c'mon tha lot of yah, I think I have somthin' tha jus' might w'rk."

	Keith motioned for the rest of the group to follow and trotted after the 
big man, following him into the cavernous hangar.  Inside were over a dozen 
ships, ranging from small couriers and shuttles to a pair of bulk 
transports, either of which could have carried all of the smaller ships in 
the hanger all at once.

	"So which one do you think is our ride?"  Kiyone muttered to Keith when she 
caught up to him.

	"Dunno, probably one of the couriers though."  Keith replied with a shrug.  
"Those bulk transports are too damned slow for smuggling something as wanted 
as we are, and the shuttles are mostly sublight jobs."

	"Not this time Boyo." Marcus interrupted, throwing them a smug grin over 
his shoulder.  "Yer ridin' in tha beast t'day." He continued, pointing to 
the more battered looking of the two bulk transports.

	"I'm trusting you on this Marcus." Keith replied warningly.  "But you'd 
better have one hell of a plan up your sleeve if you expect me to ride in 
that junkpile."

	"Jus come aboard yah paranoid git'" the bear-like man responded with a 
snort, punching a code into a keypad by the hatch with the ease born of long 
practice and then striding through when the hatch creaked open.

	Stepping through the hatchway, the group found themselves standing on a 
narrow walkway that circled the ship's spacious main hold.  It's cargo for 
the trip was readily apparent, a half dozen large shuttles taking up almost 
all of the room in the bay.

	"Wow!" Mihoshi exclaimed, looking at the nearest shuttle with an admiring 
eye.  "That's a Galaxytech Mk3 Gravwell Diver!"

	"Is that a good ship Mihoshi?" Sasami asked, curious more because of the 
Blonde detectives reaction than because of any real interest in the rather 
plain looking shuttle.

	"Oh yeah!" Mihoshi enthused, bouncing a little in her excitement as she 
walked over to get a closer look at the ship, which in all honestly was 
rather ugly, a squat ovoid with no visible windows and only a fat few ridges 
running from front to back preventing it from looking entirely like a metal 
egg.  "They use them for getting really close to black holes, exploring 
really deep in gas giants and stars, and going lotsa other places that would 
crush other ships like an egg!"

	"I swear, sometimes that girl scares me." Ayeka commented, shaking her head 
in abject wonder at the bubble-headed girl's antics.

	"Oh, that's nothing." Kiyone replied shaking her head.  "Did you know that 
she had the highest score of her entire class on her final exam?"

	"She did?" Ayeka responded, surprised.

	"Yep."  Kiyone sighed. "But the teacher ended up having to grade the thing 
by hand because she did it in twelve different colors of pencil.  It 
confused the grading machine so badly that it literally overheated... it 
took them three days to fix the damned thing too." Kiyone finished with a 
snort.

	"Well I'm glad tah see tha at least one o' yah likes tha ugly thing."  
Marcus said with a smirk, as he watched Mihoshi all but hug the fat ship.  
"'Cause it's where you're gonna spend the trip out."

	"But it's only designed to carry three people!" Mihoshi protested, finally 
distracted from her examination of the squat vessel.

	What?" the rest of the group chorused in surprise.

	"I know." Marcus answered with a shrug "but she's tha only one tha's 
shielded well enough tah hide yah all from GP sensors.  She's hooked inta 
this beasties life support system, so tha won' be a pro'lem, it'll jus be a 
bit cramped is all." The big man added, thumping the main transports inner 
hull to indicate exactly which "beastie" he was referring to.

	"It'll do." Keith replied over the girls' protests.  "So where are you 
planning on dropping us off old man?"

	"No' far Runt." Marcus replied with a smirk.  "Jus' over tah Rylos 9."

	"Rylos 9?" Kiyone repeated, a touch of alarm present in her voice.  "As in 
the Rylos 9 run by the Si'Glara Crime family?"

	"Well saying that they run the planet is a bit of an exaggeration." Keith 
replied with a shrug, "but you're thinking of the right place."

	"Do you have any idea what they do to GP officers they catch on planet 
there?" Kiyone hissed angrily.

	"I'm not going to tell anyone if you're not." Keith answered.  "Don't 
worry, I know the place pretty well and I have some people there I trust."  
He reassured the teal haired detective before she could issue another 
protest.  "The lot of you are going to need a wardrobe change before we 
leave, but other than that, we should be fine."

	"A wardrobe change?" Ayeka asked nervously, a sinking feeling forming in 
the pit of her belly.

________________________________________________________________________________


	The shuttle's interior was just as cramped as advertised.  Three heavily 
cushioned seats running in a row from front to back, each about ten feet 
from the one in front of it, with about two feet of headroom, and little 
else.   The middles station was even raised up about three feet, making it 
impossible to see the other stations directly, and the space between the 
seats was just short of completely taken up by delicate electronics and 
other equipment, leaving the seats as the only places fit for human 
habitation, and further isolating the different stations.  In all honesty, 
they may as well have been completely separate rooms.  Needless to say, it 
was not a ship designed for long trips.

Mihoshi and Sasami were in the front seat, Sasami on the tall blonde's lap, 
both of them deeply engaged in a two person handheld fighting game that 
they'd bought on their short-notice clothes-shopping trip.  Kiyone was 
seated in the extra cramped center seat, all but sealed into the plush chair 
by an array of control panels and displays.  Despite the cramped conditions, 
she was fast asleep.  Not that anyone else in the shuttle could blame her 
for that, of all of them, the teal haired detective had probably gotten the 
least amount of sleep of any of them over the past few days.  This of course 
left Ayeka perched on Keith's lap in the rearmost seat, neither of them 
particularly comfortable with the situation, but both trying hard to hide 
that fact.

	"I still fail to see how these clothes are going to help us escape notice." 
Ayeka protested for the dozenth time since they'd purchased them, squirming 
a bit in an attempt to readjust the, in her opinion, too-short black skirt 
that she was wearing.

	"Ayeka, between you, Kiyone, and Mihoshi, nothing we dress you in is going 
to NOT attract the attention of every male who gets in sight of us."  Keith 
replied, biting his lip in an only partially successful attempt to distract 
himself from Ayeka's wriggling.  "At least this way you won't look out of 
place."

	"Yes, but couldn't I have gotten something a little less revealing?" she 
griped, gesturing down at the midriff-baring pink t-shirt she was wearing, 
blushing a little at the offhand compliment Keith had just paid her and the 
two detectives.

	"The city we're headed for is a steam-bath on its good days Ayeka." Keith 
drawled.  "This time of year you'd probably be cooler vacationing in hell.  
Trust me, you don't want to be wearing anything more than what's required to 
maintain a semblance of decency on this trip."

	"Then why are you wearing jeans and a long-sleeved shirt?!"  Ayeka 
retorted, turning around as best she could to glare at him accusingly.

	"That's different." Keith responded, meeting her glare with one of his own.

	"How exactly is it different." The young princess snapped, her violet eyes 
glinting dangerously as they bore into his silver green ones from mere 
inches away.

	"Lets just say that I'm not a pleasant sight in anything less than full 
coverage Princess." Keith responded, practically growling out her title.

	"Keith, even I can tell that you are far from an unattractive man 
underneath all of those layers of clothing you seem to be fond of."  Ayeka 
bit out in response, the hint of a blush that appeared on her cheeks at the 
admission doing little to soften her tone of voice.  "That is hardly an 
excuse."

	Keith sighed, breaking away from the glaring contest and letting his head 
fall back against the chairs headrest.  "Well thank you for the complement, 
but I'm not talking about what kind of shape I'm in Ayeka." He half groaned, 
"I stopped worrying about that the first time I went wolf."

	"Then what are you talking about Keith." Ayeka asked with a sigh of her 
own.

	"You're not going to let this one slide are you?" Keith replied, running 
his fingers through his shaggy mop of brown hair in a frustrated gesture.

	"Not if you are going to insist on me wearing this outfit I'm not." The 
young princess replied with a smirk.

	"Fine then." Keith sighed.  Holding up an arm for demonstration he 
unceremoniously pushed the sleeve up, revealing a forearm that was more scar 
tissue than normal skin.

	"Oh Tsunami!" Ayeka gasped quietly.  "How..."

	"I'm like that basically from the neck down Ayeka." Keith answered before 
she could finish asking the question.  "There are a few areas that I'm happy 
to say have taken relatively little damage over the past few years," he 
added with a wry grin, "but for the most part I'm a walking scar."

	"But can't you heal...?" the question trailed off unfinished.

	"If I concentrate on it I can force a wound to heal clean." Keith explained 
with a sigh, "but most of the time I don't have that luxury, and I haven't 
figured out how to get rid of a scar once its been formed."

	"I shouldn't have pressed." Ayeka apologized quietly, "I'm sorry Keith."

	"You don't need to apologize Ayeka." Keith responded, squeezing one of her 
hands reassuringly.  "They don't really bug me most of the time, but they 
are one hell of an identifying mark and being on the run constantly for a 
few years tends to make a guy a bit paranoid." He finished with a grin.

	"So, how much longer are we going to be stuffed into this overpriced tin 
egg?" Ayeka asked, shooting her temporary seat cushion a smile, and 
effectively dropping the subject.

	"We have about one more hour of me having to deal with your squirming if 
everything goes the way I expect it will." Keith replied with an exaggerated 
groan after glancing at his watch.

	"It's not my fault you make such a lumpy chair." Ayeka replied with an 
equally exaggerated sniff.

	"Well if you'd stop squirming so much it wouldn't quite so lumpy Princess." 
Keith shot back with a wicked grin, poking the young princess her side in 
just the right spot to elicit a startled yelp from the girl.

	"Hentai!" Ayeka yelped, realizing exactly where she was sitting and what 
exactly she was feeling all at once.  Blushing scarlet, her hand came up 
reflexively and slapped Keith across his cheek with a loud smack.

	"Ow..." Keith said after a second, though the sting from the slap was gone 
before he even opened his mouth.

	"Its your own fault for..." Ayeka trailed off, blushing beet red, all to 
aware of where she was seated, and of the look that Kith was giving her.  It 
was the same look he'd had on his face just before he'd thrown her over his 
shoulder to dump in the shower when he'd kidnapped her.  Predatory, 
dangerous... plus a hint of something else that sent a pleasant shiver 
running down her back.

	"There are a few things even I have no control over Ayeka.  THIS," he 
emphasized exactly what he was referring to by bucking his hips slightly, 
"is one of them."

	"Keith!" Ayeka gasped slightly as she felt him buck underneath her, the 
bulge she was now much too aware of rubbing up against her in a rather 
sensitive area, making her squirm even more.  "Stop that!"

	"Then you stop that damned wiggling!" Keith responded in a low growl that 
Ayeka could feel through her back from where it was pressed against his 
chest.  The vibrations seemed to penetrate her entire being and she could 
feel her body react to the surprisingly pleasant sensation.

	"Oh Kami," Ayeka groaned involuntarily, trying to get into a less 
compromising position in the extremely limited space available to them while 
simultaneously trying to keep her skirt from riding up, but the low-slung 
control panel that was holding both of their legs in place prevented her 
from doing more than moving forward a few inches and the attempts were only 
serving to aggravate the situation.  The warm feeling that had started to 
form in her belly when she had become aware of the bulge underneath her lap 
was growing rapidly at the friction that their movement was causing.

	Keith's eyes flashed silver when the heady scent of Ayeka's arousal reached 
his nose and he could feel the powerful, primal, instincts that had come 
with his transformation flare almost uncontrollably.  Despite his attempts 
to maintain control he felt his canines grow a few millimeters and sharpen 
themselves into razor fine points, his fingernails following suit and 
forming short claws.  The world around him seemed to get a bit fuzzy around 
the edges and he could've sworn that he could practically see the scents 
permeating the small space. It was getting harder to think by the second and 
the woman sitting in his lap was rapidly becoming the only thing he was at 
all aware of.   A throaty growl started low in his chest and seemed to 
reverberate in the cramped quarters, and he found his eyes drawn to her slim 
neck.

	Realizing that her attempts to get away were only goading Keith... and 
herself she admitted reluctantly... on, Ayeka forced herself to calm down 
and hold still.  Taking a deep, calming, breath she leaned back, trying to 
ignore the feel of the man underneath her despite her seemingly heightened 
sense of touch.  The penetrating growl that issued from him even as she let 
the breath out completely undid her attempts though, and she bit her lip to 
stop the low moan that tried to slip out.  The gasp of both pleasure and 
pain that followed not even a second later she couldn't have stopped even if 
she'd known about what was going to happen.

	He could feel the hot pulse of blood rushing through the large artery in 
her neck underneath his tongue.  The bite wasn't all that hard, though if he 
kept his current ministrations up for more than a few seconds there would be 
an impressive mark there, but his newly-sharp canines pierced through the 
soft skin they contacted, drawing a soft swell of blood to the surface, 
where his rough tongue lapped at it.  His large hands, rough with calluses 
from years of fighting, clasped her waist, the short claws adorning his 
fingertips brushing lightly across the exposed skin of her stomach.

	"Keith!" his name exited Ayeka's mouth in a gasp, the young princesses back 
arched in an instinctual response to the intense feeling being generated by 
the hot mouth on her neck.  After the brief flash of pain that she had felt 
at the beginning, the sensation had become pure pleasure, and one of Ayeka's 
hands reached back to tangle in Keith's shaggy mop of brown hair, 
unconsciously encouraging him to continue...

________________________________________________________________________________


	Kiyone woke with a start, looking around sleepily as she tried to figure 
out what had woken her up.  After a few seconds she shrugged her shoulders 
and leaned back, letting her eyes drift shut again.  She was almost asleep 
again when she heard it... barely.  Right on the edge of hearing, names 
uttered in gasping tones, low moans, groans... she blushed bright red as it 
hit her exactly what she was listening to.

	"Ayeka and Keith?" she muttered, shaking her head in wonder.  "I would 
never have guessed."

	With that she pulled out a pair of earplugs (a necessity when sleeping in 
the same room as Mihoshi) and put them in, leaning back in the plush seat 
and closing her eyes with a sigh.

________________________________________________________________________________


...the ship fell out of hyperspace with a violent shudder and the normal 
gut-twisting sensation that accompanied the shift into or out of realspace, 
and Ayeka pulled away from him like she had been burned.

"So close..." the thought went through both their minds as they frantically 
grabbed for the discarded articles of clothing lying around the small cabin.

________________________________________________________________________________


	Sasami looked worriedly at the shuttles rearmost hatch, wondering what was 
taking her sister and Keith so long.  She was just about to ask Kiyone if 
she knew when the thick outer hatch slid open and Ayeka scrambled out.

	"Are you alright Ayeka?" the blue-haired princess asked worriedly, walking 
up to her sister, and noting her somewhat rumpled appearance, though not 
entirely sure what to make of it.

	"I'm fine Sasami" Ayeka reassured, though she sounded a bit out of breath, 
and one hand was playing nervously with the thick leather chocker that she 
was wearing.

	"If your sure..." Sasami replied, sounding a bit doubtful.  "Did Keith give 
you that necklace?" she asked, taking a closer look at the chocker.  It was 
about two inches thick, though it tapered to about half that in the front, 
was cut from velvet-soft black leather, and clasped at the front with a 
large cat's-eye gem mounted in a simple silver setting.

	"He is lending it to me, yes." Ayeka replied, giving her sister a genuine, 
if slightly nervous smile.  "Excuse me Sasami, but I really need to powder 
my nose." Ayeka added, excusing herself and quickly walking over to ask 
Marcus, who had just stepped into the cargo bay, for directions.

________________________________________________________________________________


	"What were you thinking?" Ayeka asked her reflection in the mirror over the 
noise of the faucet, fixing it with a glare.  "You were not thinking at all, 
that was the problem." She answered herself with a groan, letting her 
forehead rest against the cool surface of the mirror with a soft thunk.  "At 
least not with your head."

	"You love Tenchi you nitwit." She told herself, "However attractive you may 
find the man, you will not let yourself get caught up in the heat of the 
moment again.  If he presses the matter you will apologize and make it clear 
that you are NOT interested in pursuing a relationship of that nature with 
him." She lectured her reflection sternly.

	"Maybe I can keep him as a concubine." Ayeka muttered to herself with a 
groan, letting her head fall back forward against the mirror with another 
thunk.  "Or not." she sighed.  "Now I know I have spent to much time around 
Ryoko." She added, pinching the bridge of her nose in irritation.

	Splashing her face with cool water, she started straightening her rumpled 
hair, giving up on getting it back into it's traditional style and simply 
tied it into one thick tail.  Giving her reflection a critical eye, she 
fished out a tube of pink lipstick and applied it to her kiss-bruised lips.  
Next she turned her attention to the dark mark Keith had managed to leave on 
her neck.  The choker he had lent her covered most of it up, but not all of 
it, and after thinking about it for a second she pulled out her concealer 
and applied it liberally to the bruise before replacing the thick necklace.  
Not perfect she decided, but it would do so long as no one looked to 
closely.  After straightening her clothing and adding the belt and bracelets 
that Keith had lent her to go with the choker, the violet haired girl gave 
herself another once-over in the mirror, decided that she was at least 
reasonably presentable, and turned to the door.


