        A little note here: Okay, with this chapter it may seem that I’m using
an overdone fic idea, but trust me, I’m not. You’ll see what I mean in
the later chapters to come. ^_^)

~~~~~~~~

Chapter 4: Shattered Dreams

~~~~~~~~

I awoke near the Masaki home. Ryo-ohki was a heap of rubble slowly
sinking into the
lake, and I had another headache over the one I’d had earlier to make
matters worse.

 What happened? I thought, my mind in a daze. “How did I... how did I
get out of
the ship?”

 “Simple, I transported you out using a vortex I created, less powerful
than the
previous one, of course.”

 I was suprised to hear Washu’s voice, and realized I had started to
think aloud. My
mind finally started to clear, and I regained my thoughts.

 “Where’s Aeka?” I yelled, furious. “I’m gonna kill her!”

 Washu laughed, “I thought she was here. Looks like Sasami too.”

 “Huh?” I asked, confused, but then nodded in understandment as Washu
pointed
to the two Jurian ships ‘parked’ (for lack of a better word) near the
lake, where Ryo-ohki
-and Yagami, I now noticed- were sinking into the water.

 I quickly got up, passing an amused looking Washu and stormed into the
house.
She soon followed, and walked into the closet, where after some junk was
emptied out of
it, she entered, closing the door behind her.

 “AEKA! GET IN HERE!” I screamed, and drew my energy sword. She walked
in,
Tenchi and Sasami soon following her.

 “Oh, Ryoko. I was wondering how long it would take you to escape. Looks
like
you made it just in time.”

 “What the hell are you talking about Aeka?!” I yelled, and ran towards
her, ready
to cut her in half with my sword.

 “Ryoko! No!” Tenchi yelled out, standing in front of Aeka to protect
her. I
immediatly withdrew my attack, not wanting to kill Tenchi instead of
Aeka.

 “Tenchi, what are you doing?” I asked him, “She turned me over to
Jurai! Now
stand aside!”

 “No, Ryoko. I can’t do that. You see, I-” he paused, smiling at Aeka,
“I’m going
to marry her. We’re having the ceremony tonight.”

 My heart broke right in half that very minute. I found myself without
words.

 Aeka laughed, triumphantly it seemed. “Now, Ryoko, we ask that you
leave our
house. Don’t we, Tenchi?”

 Tenchi nodded, and I walked towards the door, trying to hide the tears
streaming
down my face. I passed Kiyone and Mihoshi (who were also probably saved
by Washu
during the crash) on my way out.

 “Ryoko? You’re cryin-”

 “Go away, leave me alone.” I told the concerned Mihoshi, then flew
towards the
Masaki Shrine where no one would bother me.

--
        Ja ne!
        -Washu
(just a side note... don't confuse me with the Washu who wrote a certain
really sick lemon named Kagato's Revenge. I'm not that person.)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Dragon Code:
DC.Hf--stdf++h++Cfa-$(m)d+WL+^*Fr-L-Bnonee++++giu-
http://fly.to/Washu2 <--- anime page
http://www.elfwood.com/library/writers/becky3/becky3.html <--- My site
on Elfwood Fantasy Art and Stories page
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~