    So I need to write something up here right? Like the disclaimer and
other crap? O.K. Tenchi Universe is not mine, never was mine, and will never
be mine. And on the actual story, this is not the first fic I&rsquo;ve
wrote, but it&rsquo;s probably the first I&rsquo;ll send out. They&rsquo;ll
be more at the end so for now, sit back, relax, and enjoy the story!




  The Minds of Two Lovers
   by Okoyr









 Life can be surprising, unexpectable, or just plain boring. That&rsquo;s my
life, the last one. Nothing ever happens around here, just plain old
boringness. I wonder if that&rsquo;s a word, boringness. I&rsquo;d probably
know if I paid more attention in school. But, well, we all make our choices,
just like right now I feel like hanging around just staring at the sky. The
landscape really is remarkable. It&rsquo;s a sight I don&rsquo;t think
I&rsquo;d ever get tired of, or ever want to leave. Well, I guess I should
head home so Grandpa can beat me down and my dad doesn&rsquo;t think that I
picked up a girl. Sometimes I wonder about him, but nows not the time. Man,
the sky is so beautiful.



 Ohhhhhhhhhh, my head. Why did I drink so much last night, damn. You&rsquo;d
think I&rsquo;d be used to these kind of hangovers, but noooooo. Man,
Ryo-oki could you just leave me alone, my head hurts like, WHAT!  Galaxy
police on my tail! There&rsquo;s no way I can elude them with this
headache!! Shit, I might as well try. Wow, I really am off with a hangover.
Damn women don&rsquo;t read me my rights, there&rsquo;s no way I&rsquo;m
going down that easy! Shit! Ryo-oki is taking serious damage, I&rsquo;m
sorry I can&rsquo;t think right now girl. Power failing, we are going
down!!! Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh crrrrrraaaaaaaaappppppp!



 There really needs to be a bus around here. Or maybe I should save up to
buy a car, yeah right like I could afford that. Hmmmmm, what&rsquo;s that in
the sky? It looks like it&rsquo;s some sort of plane. Whatever it is, it
looks like it&rsquo;s crashing! Oh no! Hey, there&rsquo;s two of those
things. Wow, that&rsquo;s one hell of an explosion! I better go see if I can
help the survivors! I must be out of shape or something if this is tiring
me. What kind of planes are those?! No kind I&rsquo;ve ever seen before! A
person! It&rsquo;s a women, she looks like she&rsquo;s unconscious. Maybe
some water will help her out. Now that is a women! Not the time Tenchi, not
the time. Strange hair color. Hey it looks like she&rsquo;s coming to.




 Yow, what happened? We must have crashed. Oh boy. Wait who is holding me?
Crap I&rsquo;m to weak to fight that cop right now. Hey it&rsquo;s not a
cop, it&rsquo;s a boy, at cute one at that. What&rsquo;s that look
he&rsquo;s giving me, he looks... concerned. Why would anyone be concerned
for me? It&rsquo;s a nice feeling though, I I&rsquo;ve never felt it before.

 Wow, look at those eyes, weird, but also in a way, cool. She looks really
hurt, maybe I should help her up. At least she can still speak. Ryoko
that&rsquo;s a strange name, but everthing else about this woman seems to
be.

 So his name&rsquo;s Tenchi huh? Well maybe Mr. Tenchi can help me out of
this jam. With Ryo-oki dead, I&rsquo;m stuck on this planet. Judging by the
looks he&rsquo;s giving me, it appears this is a low planet. Hopefully the
damsel in distress will work on him.

 A space pirate? What&rsquo;s a space pirate? By the way she&rsquo;s saying
it, it must be something bad. I need to... what&rsquo;s that!?

 Not already! Gotta just run, there&rsquo;s no way I can beat her without my
strength. Come on guy run!

 Holy crap it&rsquo;s firing at us with some laser thing! What is it, that
girl is pulling me along with her, it must be the space pirate. I always
wondered what it felt like to be fired at, well now I know and I don&rsquo;t
like it! This is straight out of some bad horror movie!

 That Tenchi fellow really isn&rsquo;t taking this well. Maybe I should just
leave him to the officer... no I can&rsquo;t, he, I just can&rsquo;t. Oh man
it looks like a dead end.

 No, I&rsquo;m to young to die! It wasn&rsquo;t supposed to be like this!
What is she talking about, promising to die together, I just met her!
There&rsquo;s my pop can from the other day it&rsquo;s right in front of...
no way.

 I can&rsquo;t believe it, what luck she&rsquo;s stuck. I gotta get rid of
her somehow, oh I know.

 Geez, that&rsquo;s a kick! She&rsquo;s strong, no that&rsquo;s not the
right word, powerful. She&rsquo;s powerful. Well I guess Miss Ryoko can stay
at my house tonight, but, oh crud my dad will think...




 Might as well pretend I&rsquo;m his girlfriend, it&rsquo;s an easy story to
believe. Besides, I like the idea.

 What is she saying! My girlfriend! A wonderful wife! Ahhh! I knew my dad
would take it too far! What!!! We didn&rsquo;t elope!!!

 Maybe that last line was a little too far, it looks like his dad is killing
him from pounding him on the back so hard. That other guy, most likely his
grandfather, he has a strong power, he&rsquo;s not a normal... ouch lay off
guy! I hate having to act all scared and weak like this. Yeah I&rsquo;ll
call you father, whatever, ohhhh food!

 Ryoko sure eats a lot. Something about the way she&rsquo;s acting is
suspcious to me. She says she&rsquo;s from outer space! Well, yeah it would
explain the ships and pirate, but I don&rsquo;t buy it. Of course dad does,
he&rsquo;s really stuck on her. Go outside and put up baracades for keeping
out space pirates! There&rsquo;s no way I&rsquo;m doing that!
 No way I want to do it anyway. My dad and grandpa sure have a hold on me.
Always put off to tomorrow what you can do today. Ha, good one dad.

 That guy is so nice, making a wall against the space pirate just for me.
Course he doesn&rsquo;t know the space pirate is right next to him. My plan
worked perfect. I guess I could stay here until Ryo-oki is reborn. Maybe a
little longer after that...

 I&rsquo;m leaving the room, her game is way too loud. Get off me, I need to
finish my homework, I&rsquo;m not leaving you. Wow, never had a girl hug me
like that before. I wish I was such a coward when it came to girls. Huh, who
would come to our house at this our? The space pirate!!!

 Shoot, I thought she was finished! Damn, well live with it girl! Grab your
man, uh Tenchi, and run.

 Ahhhhh, the pirate is back! Never jumped out of my house from there before.
Better run to my grandpa, maybe grandpa can deal with it.
 Shit, the old man beat her. Now I&rsquo;m going to have to reveal what I
am.

 It&rsquo;s just another woman! What!! She says Ryoko is the space pirate,
and not her!!! What are all those things she&rsquo;s pulling out? Finally
found whatever she was looking for. She&rsquo;s telling the truth! What the
hell is in Ryoko&rsquo;s hand! Crap, now I have to run from her! That blonde
woman&rsquo;s gun has no effect on her. The hell with it, run!

 You know, I could have some fun with these two. I think I&rsquo;ll give
them a good scare.

 Run,run,run,run,run! Into the house up the stairs out the same window as
before. Oh no! That officer hurt her leg! There&rsquo;s no way I can stand
up to Ryoko, she&rsquo;s flying!!! Never go down without a fight, lets go
demon!

 Tenchi sure has guts, time to end my fun. Sure, I&rsquo;ll surender to you
lady, although we won&rsquo;t be going anywhere. No need to tell me my
rights. I have the right to stay here... with Tenchi.

 Playing with us?! I didn&rsquo;t find it very funny. What is she doing?
She&rsquo;s touching me again. This feeling is so new to me, a woman has
never came this close to me before. I like it, but it makes me so nervous.
Brave, me, yeah right.




 Yesterday sure was a day I&rsquo;ll never forget. Two new ladies are going
to be spending some time at my house.  The blond&rsquo;s name is Mihoshi I
found out. I don&rsquo;t really mind her. It&rsquo;s Ryoko that, troubles
me. She... seems to like me, and I have no idea what to do. Besides
I&rsquo;m still a little scared of her from last night. She told me in the
morning she wanted to stay at my house. I have mixed feelings on the
matter.
 One day ago, I was praying for excitement, well, I got my wish.






Da notes: Finished! It took a while, but looking back on the chapter, I see
it&rsquo;s worth it. I&rsquo;m not sure if I&rsquo;m going to write like
this for each chapter or just the important ones. I&rsquo;d love to hear
your thoughts on where I should go with my first fic. I know that people
hate it when people write stories chapter by chapter and it takes weeks for
you to see the next part. Well, I feel the same, but I want to get back on
all the people that do it, so I&rsquo;m doing it too. There&rsquo;s also the
fact that I want to send something now and not wait for the other parts. I
have a lot of ideas on stories, but I&rsquo;m trying to decide which one to
go with right now. I like to write differently than other people as you can
tell after reading this story. My stories are about emotion, which probably
the reason I like Ryoko so much, cause she&rsquo;s a emotional character.
And finally yes, I am very pro Ryoko+Tenchi (who isn&rsquo;t?) but my
twisted urge to display her emotion my end up in paring Tenchi off with
Ayeka in the end. On second thought, I&rsquo;ll save that for another story.
Please send me email on my first fic, while waiting for upcoming chapters!

All comments,flames,or just the usual what the hell can be sent to:
veggingout@netzero.com


