Disclaimer:  Pioneer owns these characters.  I'm just borrowing them for a
time.

Author's note:  This is, in fact, part five.  It's different from "The Truth
Revealed" because that part is now happening later, as are the other
chapters.

Brian Burke

Tenchii@hotmail.com
http://members.xoom.com/Tenchiii/Homepage.htm
(The Crystal Shrine!)

        <After I take Tenchi home, I go home myself.  Yes, after I get home,
we're
going to have an all day->

        <Misa,> Ryo says through the link, <I really don't want to hear
about
that.>

        <What?  I've been without him for days!  I'm...in need.  Not
want-NEED!>

        <And this from a Juraian princess?  Such thoughts.>

        <I can't help it!  I'm->

        <MISA!  I don't want to know!>

        <Well, our job is almost done.  Soon, we'll be back in the future.>

==-==-==

Misa

Part Five

Going Home

==-==-==

        Orbiting Jurai, a lone crystalline ship sits silently.  The small
sentinel
watches as Jurai slowly rotates.

        <So, you're not going down?> a voice says to Misa.  <You're not
going to go
down to the surface?>

        "No, I'm not," Misa says almost angrily.

        <Why?  Don't you want to want to meet your parents?  Don't you want
to show
them who saved Jurai?>

        Seated in her chair, Misa sits cross armed.  "I would like to, yes.
But,
'he' is down there.  I have no wish to speak to him."

        <Who?  Your father?>

        "Yes.  Azusa.  After what he did, I have no wish to speak to him."

        <But, that was in your timeline.  Here, he hasn't done that yet.>

        "But, he will.  I know it.  Besides, it's still him.  I will never
be happy
standing next to him again."  Holding a silver pen in her hand, "I'll bring
my friends home, and then we'll return to the future."

==-==-==

Three days later.

        Although she didn't return to the surface, Misa has been able to
watch
what's going on below.  Seeing her mother give multiple hugs makes her want
to change her mind.  Sliding her fingers down the screen, "Mommy," she
sighs.  "I'll have to talk to you soon.  I just can't see you now."
Thinking back, Misa remembers the last time she talked to her mother.  Ages
ago, in her opinion.

        ~Misa,~ A voice calls.

        Looking to the screen attentively, she sees it has changed while she
wasn't
looking.  "Yes?" she responds, seeing Ayeka in the viewer.  "What is it?"

        ~We're heading out.  Mother wants to see you.  She wants to see the
heroine
of Jurai.~

        "Tell her," she says, pausing, "tell her I'll talk to her another
day."

        Looking down, ~alright.  If that is your wish, I will not try to
change
it.~

        Smiling, "it is nice to see you again, Ayeka," she says.

        ~What do you mean?~

        "Nevermind.  Tell me when you're ready, and I'll take you to Earth."

==-==-==

        A few minutes later, the silent sentinel moves, flying from orbit.
The
crystalline ship moves at a considerable speed, almost as if escaping Jurai.

        Disguised one more time, Misa pilots the ship towards home.  Aboard
said
ship are the many members of her family.  Sasami.  Ayeka.  Ryoko.  Tenchi.
Washu.  Serving as constant reminders of what she's gained back, the pilot
is simply overjoyed.

        <Misa,> a soft voice says in her mind.  Being that she only has
contact
with two beings in such a way, she immediately realizes who it belongs to.

        <Yes, Tsunami?> she responds.

        <There's a problem.  Your time traveling has caused a ripple effect
to
form.>

        <Is there anything you can do, Tsunami?>

        <I am afraid there is nothing I can do.  Any interference may make
it
worse.  The affects as of now are only slight amnesia.  Your friends will
forget you and everything in the past few days.>

        <All the better.  I wasn't going to stick around too much, anyway.
As soon
as I get back to Earth, I'm going to the future.  I'd say the timing is
perfect.>

        <There is a rule on Earth called "Murphy's Law.">

        <Anything that might happen will.  I know.>

        "Misa," Ayeka asks, "I've been wondering.  Who are you?  Where did
you come
from?"

        "Ayeka," Misa replies, turning, "that may take some time to explain.
Don't
worry.  You'll know someday.  I just can't tell you, because that might
affect the timeline."

        "I see," Ayeka responds.  "But, you must be related to us to know
the
family so well.  And, you must be from the Royal Family in order to use that
sword."

        "Ayeka," Tenchi interrupts, "let her be.  If she doesn't want to
tell you,
there's no reason to press the matter."

        "Thank you, Tenchi," Misa says.  "I won't be staying long.  Once I
get all
of you home, I'm leaving.  I have my own life to return to."

==-==-==

        Arriving at Earth, Misa and her lone companion stand on the front
lawn,
while the various members of her family see her off.  "Well, I've finished
my task," she says proudly.  "I'm glad I could be of help for once."

        "Goodbye, Misa," Sasami sighs.  "We'll miss you."

        "Yes, we will," Ayeka adds.  "Thank you for saving us, Misa."

        "Take care of yourself, kid," Ryoko says.  "I know you can."

        "I will.  Thank you," she replies.

        "It's a shame I couldn't learn more about you, Misa," Washu states.
"Someone with your amount of power deserves looking into."

        "Perhaps another day, Washu," she responds.

        "Misa, be careful," Washu warns.  "Your future will be drastically
different.  Some things may be different.  Some may be gone."

        "I'll keep that in mind," Misa says.

        "Goodbye, Misa," Tenchi says.

        Misa points the small silver object into the air, and is surrounded
by a
mysterious light.  "Take me home to the future!" she shouts.  When her echo
fades, so does she and the small cabbit.

        And that was the last time anyone saw the woman known as Misa.

-End?-