**Disclaimer:Please see Part 1 of The Mysterious Visitor for 
disclaimer.**

The Mysterious Visitor Part 3
December 22, 2000

When I got up I had set up eight infinite debit cards for 
everyone going to the city. Then I went down stairs. At about 
nine o'clock in the morning everybody was ready to go to the 
city. At nine-thirty Sasami had finished making breakfast we ate 
and at ten o'clock we were ready to go. Before we left I took 
everyone's pictures for later purposes. I had handed out the 
cards to everyone. When they seen them they wanted to have them, 
so I said that they can keep the cards. When we had all got to 
the city we all went our seperate ways. We all went to the mall. 
Ryoko and Washuu went to the clothing store. Kiyone, Tenchi, and 
Ayeka went to the shoe store. Sasami, Mihoshi, and I went to the 
electronics store. In the stores everyone separated so we would 
not see what we get each other.
I had gotten everyone a laptop computer. I had also gotten 
accessories that came with the conputer including a carrying 
bag, three extra batteries, battery chargers, all drives, 
digital cameras, docking stations, and printers for each laptop.
I wasn't the only one with a large bag. Everyone who went had at 
least one very large bag. When we got home we all ate dinner and 
then we watched T.V. After about three hours it was ten o'clock 
so we all decided to go to bed. I had went to my room with all 
the computers and reprogramed them with a experimental program 
Majestic Twelve had created for the purpose to get more memory 
on the computer. On the backround of the program screen I put 
two images a picture of the person I was giving it to and a 
group picture so everyone would remember each other. I got 
everyone a computer even myself. I didn't get Washuu a computer 
but I did get her a dragonite alloy necklace I had been wanting 
to give her since we first met in the acadamy. After I was done 
with the computers I wrapped them in wrapping paper. 
It was about one o'clock in the morning when I finally went to 
sleep.

**************************************************************
I am sorry for such a short part of this fan fic because since 
we were all in the city it would spoil the suprise of what we 
got if I told you who got what for who. Since the story 
surrounds me I decided to say what I got everyone so please dont 
think I  could not think of what I could write because I already 
know what everyone is getting everyone else but I didn't want to 
spoil the surprise. So please don't critisize what I wrote. Part 
4 will be the last fan fic and it will consist of two days and 
they will be Christmas Eve and Chistmas Day.
