Brian Burke
Tenchii@hotmail.com
http://members.xoom.com/Tenchiii/Homepage.htm
(The Crystal Shrine!)

Disclaimer:  Pioneer owns MOST of these characters.  Riko is the exception.
She's mine.

Author's Note:  Well, I'm done writing Crystal Warriors stories for a little
while.  (I just killed a major character...)  But, until then, I'll finish
Myth 2.

Kenn, if you're reading this...SEND FIRST KNIGHT PART SEVEN!!!!!  I'm dying
to know what happens!!

==-==-==
Tenchi Muyo!: Myth 2

Brian Burke
Tenchii@hotmail.com
http://members.xoom.com/Tenchiii/Homepage.htm
(The Crystal Shrine!)
==-==-==

        Not an hour ago, the remainder of the Masaki family left their
Earthbound
home.  Now, on their way to Jurai, the crew mourns for their deceased
friends and relatives.

Ayeka.
Yosho.
Washu.
Mihoshi.
Kiyone.
Noboyuki.

        All six of them were transformed into darkness, with little hope of
reversal.  As such, the remaining five did what they could to give them
peace.

Tenchi.
Tsunami.
Misa.
Riko.
Ryoko.

        All fought valiantly to defend themselves, but were still unable to
help
those affected by the fatal kiss of the vampire.

        One of them, Riko, was, in fact, bitten by her friend Mihoshi, who
herself
was changed.  Riko was miraculously saved by her own Light Hawk power, and
was seemingly cured.

        But, the effects of the bite weren't as temporary as she would have
thought.  Though she was purified, the memories of the incident still haunt
her.  Over the past week, the thought of almost turning into one of those
dark manifestations has been gnawing away at her.  She can almost feel the
coldness of her numbing body as she transformed from one being to another.
Her mind was pushed back, unable to take control.  Then, summoning
everything she had, she fought back and expelled the disgusting feeling.

        If only it was as easy to expel thoughts like these.

==-==-==
        The ship Tsunami has been traveling slower than usual as to account
for the
pilot's mournfulness.  A lone cabbit sits on her shoulder, looking sad as
well.  Not making a sound, the creature leaves Tsunami to her thoughts.

==-==-==
        In another part of the ship, the pilot's twin sits quietly against a
tree.
At her feet is an animal identical to that which adorns her sister's
shoulder so often.

        Although mournful as well, she can't help but wonder if there was
something
else she could have done.  Had she been quicker, she might have prevented
the whole catastrophe.  But, life isn't always like that.

        So, she sits.  And, she ponders what's next in this cruel universe
she's a
part of.

==-==-==
        The tragedy has caused Ryoko to become more subdued recently.
Though she
was a space pirate, watching her friends die is not something anyone would
want to see in this life.  Not only that, but seeing her mother pass away
was heartbreaking in itself.

        Sitting in her room, she tries not to give into the pain of losing
her
friends.

==-==-==
        However, she is not alone.  Sitting near his first wife, Ryoko,
Tenchi
himself cannot keep from sobbing now and then.  Losing his father,
grandfather, and four of his friends is too much to bear alone.  Not even
his powerful Light Hawk Wings can help him in this time of despair.

==-==-==
        Moving through the corridors, another form walks through the hollow
sections of Jurai's most powerful ship.  While this form is familiar to the
crew, none would begin to suspect this person to be on board.  Stepping
silently through the halls, she remains unseen.

==-==-==
        Walking down the halls, the troubled teenager seeks further comfort
against
her inner demons.  She knows not to bother anyone else, as to keep the
peace, shattered as it is.  She knows everyone wants to be alone, as she
requires the same thing.

        Over the past few days, she has noticed subtle changes occurring.
Not
exactly bad, as she notices no changes personality wise.  Her senses, for
example, have been slightly elevated.  Curiously, some of the changes are
similar to that of what happened at the house.  But, knowing full well of
her expulsion of the vampire material, she wonders if this is an unplanned
side effect.

        Oddly, her appetite over the past two days has dropped low.  She
doesn't
eat like Mihoshi, but still has her fill.  However, her said appetite has
dwindled the past two days.

        She wonders now if the Light Hawk Wings has something to do with it.

==-==-==
        As Riko walks inattentively, she collides into yet another form.
"Sorry,"
she says quietly, finally looking to the childlike form ahead of her.
"WASHU?!" she screams.  "What are you doing here?  I thought we killed you!"

        "Nice to see you too, Riko," she replies.  "No.  What you saw was a
copy of
myself.  A clone, if you will.  I was testing a theory, when things went
haywire.  Besides, could anyone turn me into a vampire?" she asks.  "The
Universal Science Community would have lost a great asset, you know."

        "WASHU!" a voice shouts from behind her.  A second later, two
powerful arms
wrap around her in a hug to make Misaki jealous.  "I thought you were gone,"
Tsunami says sobbingly.

        "No," she gasps, "but I soon will be if I don't breathe soon!"

        Reluctantly, Tsunami lets her go.  "I'm sorry," she says sheepishly.
"I'm
just happy you're alive."

        "I know," she says softly.  "But, I have some concerns to clear up,"
she
states.  "Riko, will you come with me for awhile?"

        "Sure!" she says happily.  Finally, the two red heads walk off,
leaving the
Juraian woman alone.  "Have you felt it too, Washu?" she sighs.  "She's not
through this yet."

        Dispelling her morose thoughts, she walks off herself to attend to a
more
personal matter.

==-==-==
        In a nearby section of the ship, Tsunami stops near a door.  Rapping
on it
lightly, "Tenchi?" she calls.

        Opening it, "yes, Tsunami?  What is it?"

        "I have some interesting news.  Washu is here!"

        "WHAT?!?" Ryoko shouts, appearing over his shoulder.  "She always
could get
herself out of trouble.  I don't know how, though."

        "She's with Riko right now," Tsunami explains.  "She might be a
little
busy."  Stepping back, "which reminds me.  I have to go find Misa.  I'll see
you later."  With that said, she walks off.

==-==-==
        "So, have you noticed any changes, Riko?" Washu asks.

        "A few, I guess.  But, I figured it was due to the Light Hawk Wings.
The
only thing I can't figure out is why they were red.  By the way, where were
you during all of this?"

        "I was in my lab.  I was working on a project when all this hit the
fan.
It was a few days before I could leave it alone."

        "So, during all this time," Riko says angrily, "while we thought you
were
dead, you were in your damn lab?"

        <This is not like her at all...> Washu thinks to herself.  "Riko,
calm
down.  What would your mother think of such language?"

        "So, now, you suddenly care about the situation?"

        "Riko!" a new voice shouts.

        Riko looks up from her lying position.  "Hi, Mom."

        "What has gotten into you?" Misa asks.  "You know better than to
treat
people like that!"

        "I'm sorry," she sighs.  "I'm just upset."

        "I should be the one to apologize," Washu adds.  "I should have
talked to
you all sooner."  Dissipating her laptop, she concludes the session of
tests.  "You can go now, Riko."

        Riko stands up and walks away from her position.  "I'm glad to see
you're
alright, Washu."  Finally, she walks away.

        Misa walks over to Washu, a bit worried.  "What's going on?"

        "Misa, there's something you should know..." Washu says quietly.

==-==-==
        Riko runs off into the corridors, suddenly haunted by ghostly
voices.
"What's going on?"

        ~Riko...~

        ~You are a part of us, Riko...~

        "No, I'm not..." she answers.

        ~You're power grows red...~

        ~You're temper grows red...~

        ~You're appetite-~

        "NOO!"

        ~Oh, YES!~

        ~Soon, you're fight will be for naught.~

        ~You will be one of us!~

        "I will...not..."

        ~Your fear...~

        ~Your anger...~

        Riko tries to clear her mind, and focuses on her power within.  <I
did it
once, I can do it again.>  Once again, red light covers her, and quickly
dissipates.  "Stay gone this time," she warns.

        ~I'm afraid it's not that easy, Riko...~

        "Leave me alone!"

        ~You shall never be alone, Riko...~

        Riko drops to her knees, sobbing.  "Don't do this...  I've done
nothing to
deserve this..."

        ~Life's not always easy, kid...~

==-==-==
        In another part of the ship, Washu types furiously on her keyboard.
Near
her are Misa, Tsunami, Ryoko, and Tenchi.  Also, the cabbits sit at her feet
patiently.  "I can't believe this is happening," Washu says angrily.

        "Is there anything we can do?" Tenchi asks.

        "I don't know," Washu says.  "Her change is slower than normal.
Which
means that she's still fighting."

        "Which means we still have a chance!" Misa says happily.  "Right?"

        "It just means we have more time," Washu answers.  "There isn't a
simple
way to cure her.  I'm having a hard time analyzing the data."

        "You're having a problem?" Ryoko asks.  "That's hard to believe."

        "Well, we should try and find her," Tsunami states.  "It might help
her to
know that her friends are here."

        The others nod and walk in different directions.

==-==-==
        Riko staggers down the interior of the ship, while fighting off the
voices
that haunt her.  <Why me?>

        ~Because you are a powerful girl with a pure body.~

        In a desperate attempt to escape the voices, she runs down the
corridor.
<Get out of my mind!>

        Her run is stopped abruptly when she nearly collides with one of her
friends.  "Washu..." she gasps.

        "Riko," she responds, walking towards her.  "Come with me.  We want
to help
you..."

        Fearfully, Riko turns and runs down another corridor.  <If they
found
out...>

        ~I'm sure they have, child...~ the voice says.

        <Leave me alone!  I don't want to be a part of you!!>  Riko skids to
a stop
when she sees who is in front of her.

        "Riko..." Tsunami says quietly, "let us help you."

        "Riko, you know I wouldn't do anything to hurt my daughter," Misa
adds.

        "No...  Leave me alone..."  She turns again and runs down another
corridor
to escape the blue hair pair.  "I just want to be alone..." she says as she
starts to cry in fear.

        At the end of this corridor is yet another unpleasant sight.  The
final two
guests on this voyage.  "No...  Please..."

        She looks around, and finds the wooden pathways have members of her
family
at the ends.  ~You're trapped, Riko...  Give in, and you can escape...~

        Riko looks around to see the various members of her family closing
in on
her.  However, they stay a comfortable distance from the red-haired girl.
"Just let me handle this..." she sobs.  "I did it once, I can do it
again..."

        "Riko!  Let us help you!" Washu shouts.

        "NOOO!!!"  Dull red energy swirls uncontrollably around her.
Slowly, it
collapses around her body, and changes it.  Her casual outfit is destroyed
by the power surge under the transparent red.  Finally, it shatters off of
her young form.

        Her new outfit covers her from neck to toe in a red color.  Her
shoulders
have black across them, as do her wrists, ankles, and waist.  She opens her
eyes slowly to show a blood red tint to them.  She breathes a bit heavily
from exhaustion.  As she does, the others notice a few of her teeth have
changed.  She grins evilly and flashes her razorblade smile.

        "Riko..." Misa gasps.  "No..."

        "Yes, Mother," Riko says in a slithery voice.  "Your baby girl has
finally
grown up!"

-!!Continued!!-

COMING SOON:  THE EEVEE SHRINE!!!!  ^o_o^