TENCHI MUYO

"Wedding Plans, Act Two"

TEASER

FADE IN:

INT. Tokimi's realm - NIGHT

D3's face is visible.

TOKIMI (O. C.)
I have need of a new agent.

D3
What are your specifications, my Lady?

TOKIMI (O. C.)
The agent must have the Power of Jurai.

D3
That will greatly limit your choices, my Lady.

Tokimi with her twin shadows of Washu and Tsunami.

TOKIMI
That one will do nicely.

D3 (O. C.)
Very well my Lady.  Shall I initiate programming?

TOKIMI
I will take care of this one personally.

D3
As you wish my Lady, I bow to your desires.

Tokimi chuckles at the prospect of her new agent.

Sasami standing alone in a dark area.

Tokimi's laughter fills the background.

SASAMI
Why are you doing this!

TOKIMI (O. C.)
The price will be blood.

SASAMI
You have no right!

TOKIMI (O. C.)
I have every right.

SASAMI
No.  No.  No.

INT. Tenchi's bedroom - DAY (Sunday, 15 June 1997)

Focus on Ryoko, Sasami, and Ayeka sleeping on the pallet.

Sasami opens her eyes and mutters.

SASAMI
No.  No.  No.

Tears run down Sasami's face.  She stands without disturbing the other two.

Sasami walk over to Tenchi's bedside.  Tenchi is asleep.

Sasami hugs Tenchi.

Tenchi awakes to see the crying Sasami clutching him.

TENCHI
Sasami what is it?

SASAMI
The lady has chosen her new hunter.

TENCHI
Do you know who, Sasami?

SASAMI
I only know he is from Jurai.

Tenchi takes a breath.

TENCHI
Could it be your father?

Sasami breaks down sobbing.

Ayeka and Ryoko wake from her cries.

SASAMI
I don't know.  Help me Tenchi.

Ryoko and Ayeka walk up behind Sasami, and lay a their hands on her.

AYEKA
Your dreams are a warning, Sasami.  A warning so we may avoid them.

RYOKO
You must be strong, Sasami.  You must be strong and hard to fight the lady.

SASAMI
I don't want to be strong.  I just want to be a little girl.

TENCHI
Keep up your hope, Sasami.  I will try to take back your childhood for you.

SASAMI
I will try Tenchi.

FADE OUT:

END TEASER



ACT ONE

FADE IN:

INT. Father's bedroom door - DAY (Tuesday, 17 June 1997)

Washu walks up to the door with a cardboard box in hand.  She knocks.

Father opens the door.

FATHER
Hello Washu, how are you doing?

WASHU
I'm just fine.  Are you packing up?

FATHER
Yes, but I have so much stuff.

Washu holds out a small cardboard box.

WASHU
That is why I brought you this.

FATHER
Thank you Washu.  I don't think one box will help too much though.

WASHU
Trust me.  This box will be all you need.  Bye-bye now.

Washu turns to leave, and father closes the door.

Washu walks off laughing.

INT. Father's bedroom - DAY

Father takes Washu's box and drops in a bunch of magazines.

He looks in the box and can see the magazines are at the bottom and did not
fill the box at all.

FATHER
That Washu can sure make some neat stuff.

Father starts dumping videos, magazines, and books in the box.

INT. Washu's lab - DAY

Washu walks into her lab and looks at the growing pile of stuff.

She reaches in and pulls out a video at random.

Washu sits down at her terminal and slides in the video.

INT. Washu's terminal screen - DAY

Ryoko and Tenchi are in Tenchi's bedroom as viewed from the window
(Tenchi Muyo, Episode 2, Here Comes Ayeka!).

WASHU (O. C.)
Oh my, this is going to be very entertaining.

INT. Dining room table - DAY (Thursday, 19 June 1997)

Everyone sits down for dinner.

Grandfather at the head of the table near the kitchen.  Father at the
opposite end.  Sitting to Grandfather's right is Ayeka, Tenchi, Ryoko, and
Kazuhiko.  Sitting to Grandfather's left is Sasami, Mihoshi, Daijiro, Ryoe,
and Washu.  Ryo-Ohki sits behind Sasami near the kitchen door.

GRANDFATHER
Are you all packed Nobuyuki?

FATHER
Yes father, thanks to Washu's help.

WASHU
Trust me, it was the least I could do for you Father.

FATHER
Tenchi, you and Ryoko will move into my bedroom.

TENCHI
I can't take your room Father.

FATHER
Yes you will.  It would make your mother proud.  Kazuhiko will take your
old room Tenchi.

Kazuhiko nods his head.

FATHER
The drafting room has been turned into a bedroom for Daijiro and Ryoe.

DAIJIRO and RYOE
Thank you.

FATHER
Mihoshi, Ayeka, Sasami, and Washu will keep their rooms.

TENCHI
What about you Grandfather?

GRANDFATHER
The library has been divided to be used as my study and bedroom.

MIHOSHI
Where are all the comics?

WASHU
I moved them all to my lab. You can come and get...  Oh no, that won't do.
Tell you what, I will move them to your room Mihoshi.

MIHOSHI
Oh thank you.  That is so kind.  Please stop in anytime to get some.

WASHU
Okay, tomorrow after breakfast I will move the house into Mihoshi's ship.
Then we can be on our way.

TENCHI
Is any one having second thoughts about going?

DAIJIRO
Well I am worried how I can send my parents letters.  I don't want them to
think I have disappeared.

WASHU
I have already taken care of that.

DAIJIRO
You have?

Washu gives him a sweet look and puts her finger on her chin.

WASHU
I'm not called the number one genius scientist in the universe because of my
looks.  Oh wait, maybe I am.

TENCHI
Little Washu please tell us what you have done.

Washu holds up a mailbox.

WASHU
Well, I will put this mailbox in the foyer.  Your letter will instantly be 
sent
to the shrine with any postmark you want.  Father can forward the letter to 
its
final destination.

RYOE
You are incredible Washu...  I mean Little Washu.

Washu laughs.

RYOE
I will miss the bathhouse.

WASHU
Hmm. I could move the bathhouse to subspace.  Do you mind Father?

FATHER
By myself the bathhouse will be a lonely place.  You can take it Washu.

TENCHI
Anything else?

Everyone shakes their heads no.

TENCHI
Well then the journey begins tomorrow.

EXT. House from the front yard - DAY (Friday, 20 June 1997)

Washu holds up the control box.

WASHU
Well here it goes.

Washu pushes the one button on the box.

The house collapses on its self and is gone.

TENCHI
That didn't look very good Little Washu.

WASHU
Hey, I am a scientist, not a special effects expert.

Washu tosses the box over her shoulder and it disappears.

WASHU
Your turn Mihoshi.

Mihoshi starts twisting her cube.

She goes through three uniform changes, and scratches her head.

MIHOSHI
Hmm.  How did that go?

She starts playing with her cube again.

Washu slaps her forehead.

WASHU
Arrggh.

Tenchi slips up behind Mihoshi.

TENCHI
Emergency Mihoshi.  We need a starship now.

After a few quick twists of the cube her Galaxy Police cruiser appears out 
of
subspace.

TENCHI
Good work Mihoshi!

MIHOSHI
Thank you Tenchi.

Washu leans over near Tenchi's ear.

WASHU
How do you do that?

RYOE
This is so totally Star Trek.

DAIJIRO
Yeah.  Just don't wear any red.

Daijiro and Ryoe laugh at their joke.

RYOKO
What are you two talking about?

RYOE
It's an old space series on TV.

DAIJIRO
All about exploring the universe.

RYOE
People in red tended to die off on the show.

Ryoko points up to the sky.

RYOKO
Out there nobody cares what color you wear before you die.

DAIJIRO
Lighten up a bit.  We have to laugh because it's better than crying.

Ryoko looks lost in thought.

RYOE
You okay?

RYOKO
Yeah.  I hope we are bored out of our minds on this journey.

MIHOSHI
Is everyone ready?  It's time to go.

FATHER
Good bye.  Take care everyone, and write often.

Everyone waves goodbye and Mihoshi twists her cube.

The group disappears.

FADE OUT:

END ACT ONE



ACT TWO

FADE IN:

EXT. Monastery on top of a steep hill - DAY (1st Day, 4th Month)

The terrain is desolate and barren.  A strong wind blows the dust.

EXT. Monastery courtyard - DAY

An elderly man watches the young students doing chores.  His bald head
reflecting the early morning sun.  His simple garb would not give any
observer a clue as to who the man was.

A young student enters the scene and runs up to the old man.

He kneels before him.

MASTER
Yes.

STUDENT
Master, Lord Shihou has returned.

MASTER
Bring him to my study.

STUDENT
Yes, master.

The student turns and runs off.

The master motions to one of the boys doing chores.

The boy runs over to the master and kneels.

MASTER
Prepare tea in my study.

BOY
Yes master!

The boy runs off.

The master observes the boys for a few moments and then turns and departs.

INT. Master's study - DAY

A boy is preparing tea.

The master enters the room and kneels down by the table.

The student enters the room and kneels down by the door.  A man follows 
behind.

The man walks up to the table and kneels beside it opposite the master.

The boy pours tea.

The Master looks over Shihou.  His youthful appearance would not lead you
to believe that Shihou was nearly 730 years old.  Shihou was still wearing
his black hair in the long warrior's style tied at the end to keep it out of
his face.  His simple garb was keeping in the tradition of the monastery.  
His
steel blue eyes observed the Master in return.

MASTER
You two may return to your duties.

Both boys stand and bow.  They depart the room.

MASTER
Was your mission a success Shihou?

SHIHOU
No, Master.

MASTER
You call me Master when I am not worthy to be your student.

SHIHOU
Is it not the teacher's desire that the student surpasses him?  To me you 
will
always be Master.

MASTER
Tell me what happened.

SHIHOU
Again I was beaten to my prey.  A Galaxy Policewoman named Mihoshi destroyed
Kagato over a year ago.

MASTER
Mihoshi?  Wasn't that the name of the policewoman that beat you to KAIN?

SHIHOU
Yes, the same name.

MASTER
Are they the same person?

SHIHOU
No.  I did some research on the Mihoshi that destroyed Kagato.  She is the
Grand Marshall's granddaughter.  She was not yet born when KAIN was 
destroyed.

MASTER
A mother daughter combination?

SHIHOU
No again.  The current Mihoshi's mother is an archeologist.  What was
interesting is I could find nothing but a name for the Mihoshi that
destroyed KAIN.

MASTER
A very strange coincidence.

SHIHOU
It doesn't stop there.  In both cases my advisories where destroyed on a 
back
water colony in the SOL system.

MASTER
The SOL system, that is interesting.

SHIHOU
What?

MASTER
Empress Funaho is from the SOL system.

Both sip tea lost in thought.

MASTER
What will you do now?

SHIHOU
My talents are no longer needed.  There is nothing left but small time
smugglers and petty criminals.

MASTER
After all these years will you finally settle down?

SHIHOU
Did you ever think to see me with children?

MASTER
I am sorry Shihou, but I did not see children in your future.  I always
envisioned a sudden and violent death for you.

SHIHOU
Death has tried his hand at me, and did not find me to his liking.

MASTER
You should track down this Mihoshi.  Such a formidable individual would bear
you fine sons and daughters.

Both drink tea in silence.

SHIHOU
What can you tell me of my Mother?

MASTER
Little, I am afraid.  She stopped coming here long before I became Master.
The records say she hasn't been here for over seven hundred years.

SHIHOU
Is there anyone left from that time?  Or their descendents?

MASTER
None that I know of.  I will have a scribe check the records for you.  Why
the interest in your mother after all these years.

SHIHOU
I need a mission.  A reason to continue.  I will track her down like a
wanted criminal.

MASTER
What will you do when you find her?

SHIHOU
I don't know.

MASTER
It's a fool's mission.  Track down this Mihoshi instead.  She could be 
either
a worthy ally or a worthy opponent.

SHIHOU
She does interest me.  She also may know more about the other Mihoshi.  I
have only failed in two missions, Kagato and KAIN.  The coincidence is
almost too great to ignore.

MASTER
Then forget your mother.  I do not want to sound harsh, but it seems she has
forgotten about you.  Go after this Mihoshi and see where it leads.

Both men finish their tea.

Shihou stands and bows low.

SHIHOU
Thank you for your time Master.

He straightens.

SHIHOU
I will be staying here for a few days.

MASTER
May you find peace, Shihou.

Shihou departs.

The master moves over to his desk and pulls key from around his neck.

He opens a drawer and takes out a box.

Using the key he opens the box and pulls out a small book.

Shaking his head he puts everything back.

MASTER (Expressed as thought)
Shihou, my lips are sealed until death takes me.

EXT. Monastery courtyard - DAY (4th Day, 4th Month)

Several students have gathered around one corner of the courtyard.

The Master enters the scene.

MASTER (Expressed as thought)
What is happening now?

The Master makes his way over to the students.

None of the students see him.

EXT. Courtyard training area - DAY

The area in front of the students has several two-inch wide posts have been
driven into the ground.  They vary in height from two to twelve inches.

Shihou dances from post to post using his bokken to keep five walnuts in
the air.

SHIHOU
Another!

A teacher tosses another walnut high in the air.

Shihou continues his dance keeping all six up with his bokken.

MASTER (Expressed as thought)
Six.  Yes the student does surpass the teacher.

The Master watches for a few moments.

MASTER
Has someone declared that today is a holiday?

The students spin around and kneel.

Shihou catches the six walnuts in one hand and bows from his post.

SHIHOU
Master, this has been a demonstration to show what is possible when your
mind and body is focused to the task.

The Master nods his head.

Shihou straightens.

SHIHOU
The demonstration is at an end.

The students quickly return to work.

The Master turns and departs the courtyard.

A sardonic smile crosses Shihou's face.

INT. Jurai Royal Court - DAY (9th Day, 4th Month)

Azusa sits on the throne.  Misaki and Funaho stand below him to his right.

FUNAHO
That was the last petitioner.

MISAKI
Excellent, I am ready for tea.

AZUSA
I have one other item of business.

Funaho and Misaki look at Azusa.

AZUSA
I have selected a new husband for Ayeka.

MISAKI
Is that wise dear?  You know what happened to the last one.

FUNAHO
Do you truly wish to start a fight between you and your daughter?

AZUSA
She will learn duty and responsibility and she will know her place!

FUNAHO
I believe she knows her own mind.

MISAKI
Let's hear him out sister.  He may have gained wisdom and will select 
Tenchi.

Both women look at Azusa.

AZUSA
I see no wisdom in selecting Yoshou's grandson.

MISAKI
And maybe not.

Funaho shakes her head.

AZUSA
I have been looking for him since our return, and at last I have found the 
one.

Misaki and Funaho wait patiently.

AZUSA
I have selected one who has rid Jurai of its most dangerous criminals.
One who has dedicated himself to the safety and welfare of Jurai.

FUNAHO
And who might this person be?

AZUSA
Shihou.

FUNAHO
The bounty hunter!

MISAKI
He is a monk.

AZUSA
He may live at the monastery, but he is not a monk.  And I think the term
bounty hunter gives the wrong impression of the man.

FUNAHO
Wrong impression.  He kills for money.

MISAKI
Dear, you may wish to rethink this.

AZUSA
My mind is made up.  I will send an invitation to him immediately.  We will
let him decide if he will marry Ayeka.

INT. A plain monastic cell - NIGHT

Shihou is sleeping.

EXT. City devastated by battle - NIGHT

Shihou's dream.

Shihou stands in an area devastated by battle.

He looks around and sees nothing but death and destruction.

SHIHOU
I have been here before.

KOIKAWA (O. C.)
Yes you have.

Shihou spins and reaches for his weapon, but he has none.

Shihou and Koikawa stand before each other.

Koikawa is an attractive woman who could pass for Empress Misaki's twin
except for her auburn hair.

KOIKAWA
It is Jurai just over 700 years ago.  When Kagato attacked.

Shihou takes a fighting stance.

SHIHOU
Who are you?

KOIKAWA
I am Koikawa.  I am your mother.

SHIHOU
Where am I? Where are my weapons?

KOIKAWA
You are in my realm now.

SHIHOU
Why?

KOIKAWA
I have come to open your eyes to the truth.

SHIHOU
Speak your peace spirit.

KOIKAWA
You do well not to trust me.  In truth there is none you can trust
but yourself.

SHIHOU
Tell me something I do not know.

KOIKAWA
In the top left drawer of your Master's desk is a steel box.  In it is a 
book.
You must use the key around your Master's neck to open the box.  Any other 
way
will destroy the box and the book inside.

SHIHOU
What is in the book?

KOIKAWA
Read the book.  I will bring you here again in the near future.  Do not fail
me my son.

INT. A plain monastic cell - NIGHT

Shihou lays asleep.

Shihou awakes.

He dresses and departs the cell.

INT. Master's study - NIGHT

Shihou enters the study.

He moves over to the desk and takes out the box.

He places the box on the desk and sits down to wait.

INT. Master's study - DAY (10th Day, 4th Month)

Shihou sits by the desk with the steel box on the desk.

The Master walks in and stops.

He studies the desk and Shihou.

MASTER
You should not be here.

SHIHOU
The key.

MASTER
Why are you here?

SHIHOU
Koikawa.

The Master nods his head.

MASTER
I see, so you were toying with me earlier.

SHIHOU
Give me the key.

The Master pulls up the key.

SHIHOU
Bring it here.

MASTER
I think not.

Shihou stands and draws his katana.

The Master quickly casts the key to the far corner of the room.

Shihou walks over to where the key landed.

The Master makes a break for the box.

As he is running he stumbles and falls.

Blood flows from him yet he still tries to crawl to the box.

SHIHOU
You are a fool.

MASTER
I vowed to remain silent until death claimed me.  I welcome you now death.

The master lays still.

Shihou walks past him.

INT. Master's study - DAY

Shihou sits at the desk.

He uses the key to open the box.

Shihou pulls out the book and begins to read.

INT. Master's room - DAY

Shihou sits at the desk reading.

A boy enters and kneels.

The boy's sudden intake of air causes Shihou to look up.

SHIHOU
What is it?

BOY
I have a message for the Master.

SHIHOU
I am now the Master.  Give me the message.

The boy walks over to Shihou.  He kneels and gives him the message, and 
waits.

SHIHOU
What are you waiting for?

BOY
The reply Master.

Shihou reads the message.

SHIHOU (Expressed as thought)
Lord Shihou, I Azusa, Emperor of Jurai, invite you to attend court in four
days time.  I would discuss with you the prospect of marriage to my daughter
Ayeka.  Please return word of your acceptance to this invitation.

Shihou pulls paper and pen from the desk and writes a reply.

He hands it to the boy.

The boy takes the paper and departs.

Shihou continues to read the book.

INT. Jurai Royal dining room - DAY (11th Day, 4th Month)

Azusa, Funaho, and Misaki sit at a small table.

AZUSA
I received a favorable reply from Lord Shihou.  He will be here in three 
days.

MISAKI
Will you wager on this man, husband?

AZUSA
He will not disappoint me, and there will be no Mihoshi.  Let us double the
last wager.

MISAKI
Fine, 100,000 Yen on Tenchi.  And you sister?

FUNAHO
I will place my money on Mihoshi.  She will not disappoint Tenchi.

AZUSA
Shihou is the finest blade master on Jurai.  That boy, Tenchi, can barely 
use
his key.  This time, dear wives, I will win!

MISAKI
We should start planning Ayeka's wedding, sister.

FUNAHO
Yes, we should.  The only thing left to determine is the groom's name.

INT. A plain monastic cell - NIGHT

Shihou is sleeping.

INT. Elegant sitting room - NIGHT

Shihou's dream.

Shihou stands in an elegant sitting room.

SHIHOU
Are you here Koikawa.

KOIKAWA (O. C.)
Yes.

Shihou turns to look at her.

SHIHOU
Who are you?

KOIKAWA
I am Koikawa.  I am your mother.

SHIHOU
You may be Koikawa, but you are not my mother.

KOIKAWA
Why do you say that?

SHIHOU
You are not Jurai.

KOIKAWA
Ah, I see.  I am impressed.  Maybe I will tell you later.  What did you
think of the book?

SHIHOU
Entertaining.  It would make a good play.

KOIKAWA
What will you do now?

SHIHOU
I will carry out my mother's plans for revenge against the Royal Household.

KOIKAWA
Then my hopes may be fulfilled.

SHIHOU
What do you have against the Royal Household?

KOIKAWA
They dare to encroach upon my territory.

SHIHOU
And when I depose of the Emperor will I encroach on your territory?

KOIKAWA
Did you know that Ryoko still lives?

SHIHOU
How?  Yoshou destroyed her 700 years ago.

KOIKAWA
Yoshou has been protecting Ryoko for the last 700 years.

Shihou begins breathing heavily.

SHIHOU
Do you have proof?

KOIKAWA
Ask the Emperor.  He is aware of what his son has done.  He visited him
last year.

SHIHOU
The Emperor let my mother's killer go?

KOIKAWA
With his blessings.  Even Misaki does not miss your mother.

SHIHOU
Their blood will flow in the streets.

KOIKAWA
Do not underestimate the Emperor's protectors.  He has a great grandson by
the name of Tenchi.  Although Tenchi is still a boy he does have the Power
of Jurai.

SHIHOU
I do not fear the Power of Jurai.

KOIKAWA
It is well that you do not.  You also possess the Power of Jurai.

Shihou is stunned by the news.

KOIKAWA
See Tsunami and you can claim your Life Tree that has awaited you since
your birth.

SHIHOU
A Life Tree Ship.

KOIKAWA Yes.  Your training has only begun Shihou.

SHIHOU
I am again the student.  In three days I will kill the Imperial family
on Jurai. I will then hunt down Yoshou, Ryoko, and Tenchi.

KOIKAWA
There are others with Yoshou.  Ayeka and Sasami are with him.

SHIHOU
The Emperor's letter asked me if I would marry Ayeka.  Is she not here on
Jurai?

KOIKAWA
He is a foolish man trying to separate her from Tenchi.  Ayeka and Sasami
are in the SOL system.

SHIHOU
I will not marry her anyway.  The only thing she will get from me is death.

KOIKAWA
There are two more to concern you Washu and Mihoshi.

SHIHOU
Mihoshi?  The same one that destroyed Kagato?

KOIKAWA
Yes.

SHIHOU
Very well then, I will help you achieve your goals, as they are the same as
mine.

KOIKAWA
Very good Shihou.  I leave this matter in your hands.  Do not disappoint me
Shihou.  Those who have in the past did not live to regret it.

INT. A plain monastic cell - NIGHT

Shihou lays asleep.

Shihou awakes and smiles.

INT. Entrance to the Life Tree Temple - DAY (12th Day, 4th Month)

Two guards stand before the doors.

Shihou enters the scene and approaches the guards.

Both guards bow.

GUARD
How may we help you Lord Shihou?

SHIHOU
I seek my Life Tree.

GUARD
Please wait here while I contact the priest.

The guard speaks softly into his wrist communicator.

Shihou stands confidently while he waits.

The door opens and a priest walks out.

PRIEST
Lord Shihou, I am sorry but you are not on the list to receive a Life Tree.

SHIHOU
Then I request an audience with Tsunami.

PRIEST
That is your right.

INT. Inside the Jurai Life Tree temple - DAY

Shihou and the Priest enter through the door.

They walk together through numerous teleportals.

At the bottom they arrive at the Tsunami Life Tree.

SHIHOU
I have come to collect the Life Tree due to me.

Lights shoot from Tsunami's leaves and reflect from the pool beneath her.

The light illuminates one tree half way up the gallery.

PRIEST
Thank you Tsunami.

Shihou simply smiles.

PRIEST
I will take you to your tree.

Together they move through the teleportals and reach Shihou's Life Tree.

Shihou lays his hand against the bark.

A piece comes away in his hand.

PRIEST
You now have the Life Tree's key.  You may make it evolve into a Tree Ship
at anytime.

SHIHOU (Expressed as thought)
I need you now Ryo-Aikou.

The Life Tree lights up its pool and fades from view.

The Priest studies Shihou.

PRIEST
It is Tsunami's will.  May you live up to the gift.  I will escort you out.

Both men leave the Life Tree temple.

INT. Jurai Imperial audience room - DAY (14th Day, 4th Month)

Emperor Azusa sits on his throne.

Below to his right stand Empress Funaho and Empress Misaki.

Below to his left stand two male advisers.

Two guards stand to each side of the Emperor's advisers and to each side of
the Ladies.

Several retainers, guests, dignitaries, and council members line the aisle
to the throne.

Shihou enters the hall.  He is dressed in a robe over plain clothes.

He makes the long walk down the aisle.

Shihou stops, between the Ladies and the advisers, before the throne.

AZUSA
I welcome you, Lord Shihou.

Shihou throws back his robe to reveal his Tree Key.

Azusa stands.

AZUSA
Explain yourself.

SHIHOU
I have not come here at your summons, but I have come here to mete out
justice to the guilty.

FUNAHO
Whose justice, Lord Shihou.

Shihou studies Funaho and Misaki.

SHIHOU
How is Koikawa doing?

Misaki's face falls.  She bows her head and tears stream from her face.

MISAKI
I have not seen my sister in a long time.  After Ayeka was born I brought my
baby to her.  She said many hateful words and left Jurai.  It would be five
years before she would return.  After Sasami was born I took my baby again
to Koikawa.  I got the same result.  She has not been back since, nor do I
think she will ever return.

Funaho holds Misaki up.

FUNAHO
Why do you disturb us with such sad memories?

Shihou points to Azusa.

SHIHOU
Sad memories because of him!

Azusa takes two steps forward.

AZUSA
I was a fool to think I wanted you for my daughter.

SHIHOU
Yes, you are a fool Azusa.

Azusa takes hold of his Tree Key and moves halfway down from the throne.

AZUSA
How dare you...

SHIHOU (overlapping)
And you Funaho are a fool to be deceived by him.

AZUSA
Guards!

SHIHOU
Call off your dogs' father!

Silence reins over the court.  No one moves, and all eyes look upon Shihou.

Misaki walks up to the front of Shihou and lays her right hand on his cheek.

MISAKI
Shihou, what has hardened your heart?

With great force Shihou slaps Misaki's face with the back of his left hand
while drawing his Tree Key.

Misaki lands on the floor several paces away.

Azusa quickly descends from the throne and stands level with Shihou a few
paces away.

SHIHOU
Koikawa is dead!  My mother is dead!

Funaho draws a pistol from her robes and kneels beside Misaki checking her
neck for a pulse.

FUNAHO
She lives.

AZUSA
I may have been a fool, but I do not attack the innocent.

SHIHOU
You protect the guilty.  My mother died in space when Kagato attacked Jurai.
Her Tree Ship was destroyed by Ryo-Ohki commanded by Ryoko.  You have given
Ryoko protection in the SOL system.

FUNAHO
You are the fool. When a weapon kills do you blame the weapon or the 
wielder?

SHIHOU
Some weapons must be destroyed.  Or do you plan on wielding the weapon for
yourself?

FUNAHO
Ryoko is no longer a threat or a weapon.  She has been set free from her
slavery.  She is her own person now and will harm no one.

SHIHOU
Enough talk.  Azusa, I find you guilty of high crimes against the people of
Jurai.  I will destroy you and your house.

MISAKI No one will die today.  I will not permit it.

Misaki stands and places her hands together palms out.

A light spreads from her hands as she changes into her battle armor.

Five Light Hawk Wings appear before her.

MISAKI
You have made a mockery of justice, Shihou.  Take your Tree Ship and depart
Jurai never to return.

Shihou does not move.  He begins to laugh.

SHIHOU
I am your doom.

Shihou places his hands together, palms out.

A light springs from his hands and he changes into battle armor.

Five Light Hawk Wings appear before him.

SHIHOU
And now Azusa, you will die.

Shihou points to Misaki as the Light Hawk Wing sword appears in his hand.

The ground explodes in front of Misaki and Funaho.

Funaho drops for cover but Misaki doesn't move.

Shihou leaps in front of Azusa.

With one stroke he severs the Emperor's sword hand.

Shihou raises his sword for the killing blow when he is thrown to the far 
wall.

Misaki with the Light Hawk Wing sword moves toward Shihou.

Funaho rushes over to Azusa.

SHIHOU
Fine auntie, you may die first.

Shihou launches a vicious attack.  Misaki makes no move to defend her self.

None of Shihou's blows strike home.

Misaki strikes out with her sword leaving a cut on Shihou's upper arm.

She strikes again and again.  Shihou's defense keeps him from serious harm 
but
the cuts are adding up.

INT. Close up of Funaho and Azusa - DAY

Funaho binds Azusa's wound.

FUNAHO
That will stop the bleeding. I don't know if the surgeons can put your hand
back on.

AZUSA
It doesn't matter.  We must help Misaki.

FUNAHO
There is nothing we can do for her now.

INT. Close up of Misaki and Shihou - DAY

Shihou continues to back away from Misaki.

When he attacks nothing happens.
He bleeds from numerous wounds.

SHIHOU
This can not be.  How are you blocking my attacks?

MISAKI
It is something you will never be able to do.

SHIHOU
I am the greatest blade master alive.  I will learn.

MISAKI
First you must learn love.  Can you do that nephew?

SHIHOU
Damn you all to hell.  If I can not kill the roots I will kill the branches.
Ryo-Aikou, now.

Shihou disappears.

Misaki collapses.

Azusa and Funaho rush over to Misaki's side.

MISAKI
You have much explaining to do, husband.

AZUSA
Oh god, forgive me.  I did not know Misaki, I did not know.

FUNAHO
You are a fool, husband.  We must warn Yoshou and Tenchi before it is too 
late.

AZUSA
Yes, of course.  Please take care of it.

FADE OUT:

END ACT TWO



ACT THREE

FADE IN:

INT. Yukinojo cargo hold - DAY (Friday, 20 June 1997)

Tenchi's house just fits in the cargo hold.

The group materializes on the front porch.

MIHOSHI
Here we are.

TENCHI
Thank you Mihoshi.  It looks like the house came through okay, Little Washu.

WASHU
Of course.

MIHOSHI
I am going up to the bridge.

SASAMI
I will get lunch started.

WASHU
I am going to check on the sub-space portals.

TENCHI
I will go with you Mihoshi.

AYEKA
I will come along also.

RYOKO
Then so am I.

Daijiro, Kazuhiko, and Ryoe nod their heads.

MIHOSHI
Oh my, it is going to be crowded.

GRANDFATHER
I will be in my study if you need me Tenchi.

Mihoshi, Tenchi, Ayeka, Ryoko, Kazuhiko, Daijiro, and Ryoe leave for the 
bridge.

Sasami, Washu, and Grandfather enter the house.

INT. Yukinojo's bridge - DAY

There is one chair before the command console.

The group enters the back of the bridge.

MIHOSHI
Good morning, Yukinojo.

Yukinojo drops from the ceiling.

YUKINOJO
Good morning Detective First Class Mihoshi.  There are unauthorized 
intruders
on board.

MIHOSHI
I have authorized them to be here.

YUKINOJO
What level access?

MIHOSHI
I don't know.  The same as me I guess.

YUKINOJO
Done.

DAIJIRO
What is that?

MIHOSHI
This is Yukinojo, the ships control system.  Yukinojo, I will need another
command chair and two more observation chairs.

YUKINOJO
Everyone will have to leave while I make the appropriate changes.

MIHOSHI
I will be staying and eating in the house.  We will need the ship's stores.

YUKINOJO
It would be best to return to the cargo hold while I make the changes.

MIHOSHI
Thank you, Yukinojo.

Mihoshi walks through the group and leaves the bridge.  The rest follow.

INT. Family Room - DAY

Tenchi, Ayeka, Ryoko, Mihoshi, Kazuhiko, Daijiro, and Ryoe are lounging on
the couch.

RYOE
Why did your ship want us to wait in here?

MIHOSHI
Yukinojo thought it would be safe here while he moves things around.

DAIJIRO
Moves things?

MIHOSHI
You know, walls and floors and stuff.

TENCHI
Your ship is moving its walls?  How does it do that?

MIHOSHI
I'm not sure.  It just does what I need.

KAZUHIKO
I would like to know how.

WASHU (O. C.)
I can tell you how.

Washu enters the room with a bowl of cookies.

Ryoko stands up and moves toward Washu.

RYOKO
Let me help you with those.

Washu dances out of Ryoko's reach only to run into Ayeka.

Ayeka takes the bowl.

AYEKA
Let me help you Little Washu.

WASHU
So it's two on one now?

AYEKA
I assure you, I don't know what you mean.

RYOKO
Give me a cookie.

AYEKA
They are for our guests.

Ayeka takes four and sets the bowl on the table.

RYOKO
Cookie hog.

Ryoko and the rest each take a cookie.

TENCHI
How does the ship move its walls?

WASHU
That's easy, after all I invented it 6,000 years ago.  The ship is made of
liquid metal.

KAZUHIKO
It looked pretty solid to me.

WASHU
The metal is kept solid by running a current through it.

RYOE
What happens if we lose power?

WASHU
That is the beauty of the design.  The batteries are inside the atomic
structure.

Washu looks out over a lot of blank stares.

WASHU
I think I will go back to my lab now.

Washu leaves the room.

Mihoshi's wrist communicator starts beeping.

MIHOSHI
Yukinojo is done now.

Everyone stands and leaves the house.

INT. Police ship bridge - DAY

The bridge area is about three times as large.

There are two chairs in front of the console and two more behind.

YUKINOJO
All ship modifications are complete.

MIHOSHI
Thank you Yukinojo.  Please set our course for Jurai.

YUKINOJO
You can not leave the SOL system without authorization.

MIHOSHI
Oh no, what will I do now.

TENCHI
Do you get any vacation time?

MIHOSHI
Yes.  Yukinojo I am on vacation.  Send the message to headquarters and
lets get going.

YUKINOJO
But Mihoshi you need...

MIHOSHI (overlapping)
They always approve my vacations.

YUKINOJO
Yes Detective First Class Mihoshi.  Course is laid in.  Ready to go at your
command.

MIHOSHI
Go ahead.

TENCHI
How long will it take to get there?

MIHOSHI
Umm, let's see now.

Mihoshi starts counting on her fingers and mutters to her self.

YUKINOJO
Forty four days with three stops.

MIHOSHI
Forty four days with three stops.

TENCHI
Ah, thank you Mihoshi.

INT. Shihou's bedroom aboard Ryo-Aikou - DAY (14th Day, 4th Month)

Shihou lies on the bed covered by a towel.

Two young men attend to his wounds.

A third young man enters.  He wears a Jurai military uniform and holds the
rank of Lieutenant.

SHIHOU
Yes Toku.

TOKU
All is ready for departure.

SHIHOU
Very good.  How long till we reach the SOL system?

TOKU
Forty four days with three stops.

SHIHOU
Fine.  Give the order to depart Jurai.

INT. Shihou's study aboard his Ryo-Aikou - DAY (16th Day, 4th Month)

Shihou sits before his desk reading.

Knock at the door.

SHIHOU
Enter.

A man enters and bows.

MESSENGER
Lord Shihou, we have intercepted a message from Jurai to the SOL system.
We will have it decoded in ten days.

SHIHOU
I predict it will warn Yoshou that I am on the way.  How long before we
arrive will they receive the message?

MESSENGER
Four days my Lord.

SHIHOU
Thank you.  Dismissed.

The messenger bows and departs.

Shihou pushes a button on his desk.

TOKU (O. C.)
Yes, Lord Shihou.

SHIHOU
When we are five days out from the SOL system track everything that leaves.
Our prey may try to run.

TOKU (O. C.)
Consider it done my Lord.

Shihou continues to read.

INT. Police ship bridge - NIGHT (Friday, 4 July 1997)

Ryoe sits in the left control chair playing a video game.  Daijiro look on
over her shoulder.

Mihoshi sits in the right control chair eating and drinking tea.  A lot of
snacks litter the console in front of her.

YUKINOJO
Mihoshi.

MIHOSHI
Yes Yukinojo?

Ryoe and Daijiro look at Yukinojo.

YUKINOJO
I have intercepted a message that is encoded for three of your passengers.

MIHOSHI
Who?

YUKINOJO
Yoshou, Ayeka, and Sasami.

MIHOSHI
Thank you.

Ryoe and Daijiro look at Mihoshi.

Mihoshi continues eating her snack and drinking her tea.

DAIJIRO
Shouldn't we get one of them?

MIHOSHI
I guess you could.

Daijiro shaking his head leaves the bridge.

Mihoshi turns on her TV to watch cartoons.

Daijiro returns with Grandfather and Ayeka.

GRANDFATHER
You have a message for me Mihoshi?

MIHOSHI
Yes Grandfather.  Yukinojo please play the message.

YUKINOJO
The message has a level five encryption code.

GRANDFATHER
Ayeka you will have to enter your code.

AYEKA
Can I use your console Mihoshi?

Mihoshi shoves her wrappers to one side.

Ayeka types on the console.

YUKINOJO
Encryption code accepted.

GRANDFATHER
Play the message.

YUKINOJO
Message preamble is for Yoshou, Ayeka, or Sasami only.

AYEKA
Please play the message Yukinojo.

YUKINOJO
Message follows.  Greeting son, please give my love to Ayeka and Sasami.
The news is not good.  You have a half-brother, Shihou, from Koikawa,
Misaki's sister.  He is eight months younger than you are.  On 1534.105 he
tried to assassinate Azusa.  He wanted to kill him, Misaki and me.  He has
the same powers Misaki has, except he is not as strong or skilled as she is. 
Still it was a close fight.  Azusa was injured, but not critically.  Shihou
fled Jurai, and plans to kill you, Ayeka, Sasami, and Tenchi.  His priority
target is Ryoko.  Ryoko is the one who killed Koikawa during Kagato's attack
on Jurai.  Shihou is mad with revenge.  I wish you luck against this new 
foe. Love Funaho.  End message.

AYEKA
Koikawa, she disappeared shortly after Sasami's birth.

GRANDFATHER
When your mother visited her with you she fled Jurai.  She did it again when
Misaki brought Sasami to her.  Now I can understand why.

AYEKA
To have had Azusa's son and to keep it secret.  But why?

Grandfather laughs at Ayeka's question.

GRANDFATHER
You ask me why a woman does something?  Better to ask Mihoshi or Ryoe there.

RYOE
Vengeance.

AYEKA
Well, at least we know who the ladies new agent is.  We must tell the rest
about this.

GRANDFATHER
When is our next stop?

YUKINOJO
Day after tomorrow in the KAL system.

GRANDFATHER
I believe that the KAL system will prove to be very busy.

Everyone leaves the bridge.

INT. Family room - NIGHT

Everyone is gathered for a group meeting.

GRANDFATHER
Shihou tried to kill the royal family.  He failed and fled Jurai the same
time we left Earth.  He now wants to kill all of us.

TENCHI
What does it mean that he has the same powers as Misaki?

GRANDFATHER
He can generate five blades of the Light Hawk Wings.

TENCHI
Oh, and I can only generate three.

GRANDFATHER
Ryoko, what do you remember from the attack on Jurai?

Ryoko hangs her head low.

RYOKO
All of it.

Tenchi puts his arm around Ryoko.

GRANDFATHER
What were your first targets?

RYOKO
Kagato attacked in Soja while I came in Ryo-Ohki.  As we entered the Jurai
system there were two Tree Ships.  Kagato destroyed one while I destroyed
the other.  A third Tree Ship entered the system and I destroyed that one.
We then headed for Jurai to attack the Life Tree temple.

AYEKA
One of those three Tree Ships contained Koikawa, Misaki's sister, and
Shihou's mother.

Ryoko begins crying.

RYOKO
I am sorry.

Ayeka kneels down and holds Ryoko.

GRANDFATHER
The real threat is Shihou.  He is no longer rational according to Funaho.
I believe we will meet him in the KAL system.  The question is who will
get there first?

TENCHI
Must we fight him?  Couldn't we talk to him?

SASAMI
He is under the ladies power.

GRANDFATHER
We could let him make the first move, but that could prove fatal for all of 
us.

RYOKO
It's me he wants.  He may let the rest of you go.

AYEKA
Nonsense!  How can you give up Lord Tenchi to me so easily?

RYOKO
Better one of us than all of us.

TENCHI
No.  We are the three musketeers.  It's all for one and one for all.

DAIJIRO
Well there are ten of us here.  How many can this Shihou have?

SASAMI
A lot.  His Tree Ship could hold as many as 100.

RYOE
Oh.

KAZUHIKO
Well we have a lot of firepower with this ship and we have Ryo-Ohki.

TENCHI
Yes, Ryo-Ohki can be the key.

AYEKA
We must plan for combat around the KAL system.

TENCHI
Mihoshi, what can you tell us about the KAL system?

Mihoshi pulls out her cube.

MIHOSHI
Um, let me see.  I turn it this way and then this... No, this way, and...
There it is.

A map projects from the cube.

WASHU
Hmm.  Large red star.  Six Planets.  Fourth one with a Galaxy Police
sub-station.  About 1000 people on a desert world.  How many on the
sub-station Mihoshi?

Mihoshi touches the projection's sub-station with her pen.

The view enlarges on the sub-station.

MIHOSHI
There are 50 personnel on the sub-station.

AYEKA
We need two plans, one if we get there first, and one if Shihou gets
there first.

INT. Police cruiser bridge - DAY (Sunday, 6 July 1997)

Mihoshi and Tenchi are in the command chairs.  Ayeka and Ryoko sit behind 
them.

YUKINOJO
We are entering the KAL system.  There are no other ships in system.

MIHOSHI
Contact the sub-station for refueling, and ask what ships have been through
the system.

YUKINOJO
We may dock immediately.  No ships have been through the system for
thirty-two days.

Mihoshi turns and looks at Tenchi.

TENCHI
Let's finish our turn around before Shihou gets here.  That will give us the
upper hand.

MIHOSHI
Go ahead and dock Yukinojo.

YUKINOJO
Docking procedure initiated.

TENCHI
We will go with the first plan.  Ryoko, you and Ayeka take Ryo-Ohki and hide
on the planet surface.  Daijiro and Ryoe will go with you.  The rest of us
will attract Shihou's attention.  I still want to get through this with out
firing a shot.

Ayeka hugs Tenchi.

AYEKA
Take care Lord Tenchi.

Ayeka steps aside and Ryoko hugs Tenchi.

RYOKO
I love you, don't put yourself in any danger you can avoid.

As Ryoko tries to leave Tenchi holds her close.

A bright light flashes between them.

Ryoko backs away and looks at her wrists and touches her neck.

She now has all three gems.

Ryoko begins to speak but Tenchi puts his finger on her lips.

TENCHI
Time grows short.

Ayeka takes Ryoko's arm and they leave the bridge.

Mihoshi starts to cry.

Tenchi leans over Mihoshi.

TENCHI
Why the tears, Mihoshi?

MIHOSHI
I always cry at the movies when the lovers are separated by great danger.

TENCHI
This isn't a movie.

MIHOSHI
It could be.

Tenchi gives Mihoshi a hug.

MIHOSHI
I will do my best Tenchi.

TENCHI
I know you will Mihoshi, I know you will.

INT. Ship's corridor - DAY

Ayeka and Ryoko walk along the corridor.  Ryoko has a dreamy look.

AYEKA
So what can you do now?

RYOKO
Anything, I feel so free.

They both walk a little further.

RYOKO
Why did he do it?

AYEKA
I think he is afraid, and so am I.

Ryoko stops to turn back, but Ayeka takes her arm and they continue on.

INT. Family room - DAY

Grandfather, Washu, Kazuhiko, Daijiro, Ryoe, Sasami, and Ryo-Ohki sit around
the table.

Ayeka and Ryoko enter the room.

AYEKA
We are going with plan A.

RYOKO
Let's go Ryo-Ohki.

RYO-OHKI
Meow!

Ryo-Ohki runs out of the room through a wall.

GRANDFATHER
Let's get up to the bridge Kazuhiko.

KAZUHIKO
Right.

Grandfather and Kazuhiko leave the room.

SASAMI
I feel so useless sitting here.

AYEKA
Someone must stay.  If it turns out badly I will count on you to bring word
to Jurai.

SASAMI
Yes sister.

Ayeka hugs Sasami.

She then turns to Ryoko.

RYOKO
Gather close to me.

WASHU
Hold on before you go.  Here are some armor bracelets, and these are some
weapons I made.  Red button will fire a pulse laser.  The blue button fires
kinetic energy slugs.  Be very careful with the orange button, and don't 
shoot
at anything too close.

DAIJIRO
Why?

WASHU
The orange button fires a two-kiloton nuclear warhead.

Daijiro and Ryoe stare at their weapons as they move next to Ayeka and 
Ryoko.

RYOKO
Go ahead Ryo-Ohki.

The four disappear.

WASHU
Are there any cookies left?

SASAMI
Yes, in the kitchen, I will get you some.

WASHU
Let me help you.

Sasami and Washu walk out of the room.

INT. Ryo-Aikou bridge - DAY (6th Day, 5th Month)

Shihou stands before the base of the tree.

Before him are Toku and two others, the pilot and communications officer.

PILOT
Lord Shihou we have entered the KAL system.

COMMS
Lord Shihou there is a Galaxy Police cruiser in system, it is the Yukinojo.

SHIHOU
Why would Mihoshi be out here?  Have we made contact with the sub-station?

COMMS
No Lord, we have maintained radio silence.

TOKU
They would have received the message sent by Jurai.

SHIHOU
It had a level five code.  The Galaxy Police would not be able to crack it,
although Mihoshi might have.  We will see.  Contact the Yukinojo.

COMMS
Yes Lord.

Communications officer taps out some commands on his console.

COMMS
I have the Yukinojo Lord, voice only.

SHIHOU
Greetings Mihoshi, this is Lord Shihou in command of Ryo-Aikou.  I invite 
you
over for dinner.

MIHOSHI (O. C.)
Lord Shihou this is Detective First Class Mihoshi.  You are under arrest for
the assassination attempt against Emperor Azusa.  I am asking you nicely to
surrender yourself and your ship.

SHIHOU
Detective Mihoshi, I am not an assassin, I am a fighter for justice.  I have
heard of your success against Kagato.   I now have grave news for you.  
Ryoko
still lives.  Join with me and we can hunt down this vile criminal.

MIHOSHI (O. C.)
Oh, I can't do that, Ryoko is my friend.

SHIHOU
What are you saying?!

INT. Police cruiser bridge - DAY (Sunday, 6th July 1997)

Mihoshi and Tenchi sit in the command chairs.  Grandfather and Kazuhiko sit
in the observation chairs.

Shihou is on the screen.

MIHOSHI
Ryoko is such a nice person.  She even lets me have the last cookie.

SHIHOU
You are an idiot!

Mihoshi begins to cry.

MIHOSHI
You are not nice at all.  I asked you nicely once and I will ask you nicely
again.  Surrender yourself and your ship.

SHIHOU
I will destroy you all!

Tenchi touches his console.

INT. Ryo-Aikou bridge - DAY

Same as before with the view screen showing all four on the Police cruiser.

SHIHOU
So I see now.  I believe it is Yoshou, Tenchi, and one other.  Are Ayeka,
Sasami, and Ryoko with you?

TENCHI
Yes I am Tenchi.  Sasami is with me but not the others.

Tenchi motions toward Kazuhiko.
TENCHI
This is Kazuhiko...

Tenchi moves his arm.

TENCHI
...and this is Yoshou.  Mihoshi I take it you know already.

SHIHOU
Yoshou do you defer to this whelp?

Grandfather nods his head.

SHIHOU
Toku destroy the cruiser and sub-station.

TOKU
As you command my Lord.

TENCHI
Stop, those people are innocent.

SHIHOU
Not once they allowed you into the system.

INT. Police cruiser bridge - DAY

Shihou is replaced on the view screen with Ryo-Aikou.

MIHOSHI
Defensive maneuvers now Yukinojo. Fire all weapons on the Tree Ship.

YUKINOJO
In progress Mihoshi.

TENCHI
Send a warning to the sub-station.

YUKINOJO
Completed.

TENCHI
Send a message to Ryoko, Plan A has failed.

YUKINOJO
Completed.  Several missiles are heading this way.  They will overwhelm my
defense capabilities.

INT. Family room - DAY

Sasami and Washu are watching TV.

WASHU
I think it is time for us to step into my lab, Sasami.

SASAMI
OK.  Will the others be alright?

Washu studies Sasami who is keeping a brave face.

WASHU
I don't know Sasami.

Sasami nods her head and both enter the lab through the stair portal.

EXT. Space around the sub station - DAY

Several pods shoot from Ryo-Aikou.

Mihoshi's ship goes in to a series of rolls and fires at the pods.

The sub-station defenses are quickly overcome.

A few escape capsules are launched before it blows up.

Ryo-Aikou maneuvers to chase down the police cruiser.

INT. Ryo-Ohki bridge - DAY

Ryoko sits in the one chair.  Ayeka, Daijiro and Ryoe stand around her.

RYOKO
This is it then.  Ryo-Ohki, let's take that bastard from behind.

RYO-OHKI
Meerroooww.

AYEKA
Activate your armor now.  It will protect you if the hull is breached.

Daijiro and Ryoe activate their bracelet transforming their clothes to Jurai
battle armor.

Ayeka calls on her battle armor.

EXT. Space - DAY

Missiles are exploding nearer the police cruiser as it continues to dodge
away from the Tree Ship.

Ryo-Ohki enters the scene and begins pursuing the Tree Ship.

INT. Ryo-Aikou bridge - DAY

TOKU
My Lord, Ryo-Ohki has risen from the planet and is coming up behind us.

SHIHOU
Continue the attack on the police ship.  We must cripple it before Ryo-Ohki
gets in range.

TOKU
Yes sir!

EXT. Space - DAY

Several missiles strike the rear of the police ship.

A series of explosions slow the ship down.

Ryo-Aikou turns about to engage Ryo-Ohki as Ryo-Ohki opens fire on the
Tree Ship.

INT. Yukinojo's bridge - DAY

TENCHI
Mihoshi, what's happening.

YUKINOJO
Propulsion is off line.  Secondary weapons are still operational.

WASHU (O. C.)
I'm on it.

MIHOSHI
Oh this is so exciting.  It is just like my TV shows.

TENCHI
Mihoshi this is not TV.  They are trying to kill us.

KAZUHIKO
Calm down Tenchi.  It is like TV and we are still alive to play a part.

GRANDFATHER
Yes Tenchi, calm down.  Mihoshi is still here.

Tenchi bows his head.

YUKINOJO
Propulsion is back on line.

Washu enters the bridge.

WASHU
Mihoshi try the new gamma beam weapon.

MIHOSHI
Okay that sounds like a good idea.  Use the gamma beam weapon Yukinojo.

YUKINOJO
What is a gamma beam weapon?

MIHOSHI
I don't know it's your weapon.

YUKINOJO
Accessing new file.  It is a single shot weapon.

WASHU
Hey, I may be a genus but I had to use inferior parts.

EXT. Space - DAY

Ryo-Ohki scores some hits on Ryo-Aikou.

The Jurai ship then generates the Light Hawk Wings.

INT. Ryo-Ohki's bridge - DAY

RYOKO
This is definitely bad.

RYOE
What is that around the ship?

AYEKA
Light Hawk Wings.  It is mainly a defensive system but can be use for
offence with some risk.

RYOKO
Washu said I should be able to do that now that I have all of my gems.
I just don't know how.

The bridge rocks back and forth.

RYO-OHKI
Meoooow.

RYOKO
Damn it, I am not getting through his defense.  I doubt I can even ram
him now.

AYEKA
Take my hand Ryoko.

Ryoko takes Ayeka's hand.

AYEKA
Empty your mind.  Tenchi is in danger.  You must help him without using
Ryo-Ohki.

RYOKO
Tenchi.

All three of Ryoko's gems begin to glow.

INT. Ryo-Aikou bridge - DAY

View screen shows Ryo-Ohki.

TOKU
Ryo-Ohki can no longer penetrate our defenses.

SHIHOU
Close and destroy her.

COMMS
The police ship has regained power and is heading our way.

SHIHOU
How?  Never mind them, Ryo-Ohki is the most dangerous threat.

On the view screen Ryo-Ohki generates the Light Hawk Wings.

Shihou stands up with wide eyes.

SHIHOU
No!  Quickly fire everything we have.

INT. Yukinojo's bridge - DAY

View screen shows Ryo-Aikou and Ryo-Ohki.

The Light Hawk Wings appear around Ryo-Ohki.

TENCHI
Good girl, Ryoko.

WASHU
She can do it.  What changed?

TENCHI
She has all of her gems now.

YUKINOJO
We will be in range in thirty seconds.

WASHU
I better go back and check on Sasami.

INT. Ryo-Aikou bridge - DAY

Screen shows a damaged Ryo-Ohki.

COMMS
Sir, the police ship is closing fast.

SHIHOU
Now Ryo-Aikou, destroy her.

EXT. Space - DAY

Ryo-Aikou and Ryo-Ohki face each other.

The police ship is moving up behind the Tree Ship.

The Light Hawk Wings separate from the Ryo-Aikou and envelope Ryo-Ohki.

Ryo-Ohki suffers from a massive explosion and goes spinning into the
atmosphere.

INT. Ryo-Aikou Bridge - DAY

Screen shows Ryo-Ohki heavily damaged spinning into the atmosphere.

SHIHOU
Now direct all weapons at the police ship.

The officers move to comply.

INT. Yukinojo's bridge - DAY

Screen shows Ryo-Aikou with Ryo-Ohki dropping away.

The Ryo-Aikou unleashes a barrage on the police cruiser.

YUKINOJO
Now in range.  Firing the gamma beam weapon.

The lights go dark.

MIHOSHI
Send a distress signal to Headquarters.  I need Kiyone now.

YUKINOJO
Sent.  Income missiles.

GRANDFATHER
Tenchi.

TENCHI
Yes Grandfather.

GRANDFATHER
Now we die.

TENCHI
No!

INT. Ryo-Aikou bridge - DAY

View screen shows the police cruiser.

Everything tilts to one side.

SHIHOU
Ryo-Aikou!

PILOT
I am going to try a controlled landing on the planet.

TOKU
A direct hit on the police cruiser...  Oh my god!

The police ship deploys the Light Hawk Wings.

SHIHOU
It can't be Yoshou or Ayeka.  It must be that boy!

TOKU
What is left of the police ship is entering the atmosphere.

PILOT
I am losing control.

SHIHOU
Damn you all to hell.  It is not over.  It is not over!

EXT. Space - DAY

Ryo-Aikou is split in half.

One part begins to burn on reentry the other half spirals down to the 
surface.

Mihoshi's ship has been shattered.

A ball formed around the Light Hawk Wings descends to the surface.

Ryo-Ohki is nowhere in sight.

EXT. Planet's desert surface - DAY

Ryoko, Ayeka, Daijiro, Ryoe sit on the desert floor.

RYOE
What happened to Ryo-Ohki?

RYOKO
She's gone.

DAIJIRO
I'm so sorry.

RYOKO
Oh that's okay.  She will be back in ten days.

RYOE
What?

RYOKO
The last thing she did was transport us to the surface and then she laid an
egg to be reborn.  It is buried around here somewhere.

RYOE
Your starship lays an egg?

RYOKO
Yeah, she is born pregnant.  Whenever she is destroyed she lays the egg
which is a clone of herself.

DAIJIRO
That is too cool.

AYEKA
Not claiming it's Tenchi's this time?

RYOKO
Hey, that was a long...

Ryoko stops when she sees Ayeka laughing.

Ryoko joins in the laughter.

AYEKA
What now?

RYOKO
I don't know.

DAIJIRO
What happened to the others?

RYOKO
Let me try and find out.

Ryoko presses her fingers to her head and closes her eyes.

RYOKO
I can't detect Washu.

EXT. Planet's desert surface - DAY

Twenty people gather around Shihou.

He looks through the remains of Ryo-Aikou.

Shihou is dressed in Jurai battle armor and holds the Light Hawk Wing sword.

Shihou releases the sword.

TOKU
The police ship went down about twenty miles that way.  I do not know where
Ryo-Ohki went down.

SHIHOU
How are we for weapons and supplies?

TOKU
Everyone has weapons and a basic load of ammunition.  We have ten days worth
of rations, and three days worth of water.

PILOT
It will take twenty to twenty-five days for anyone to respond to the
sub-stations destruction.

SHIHOU
Ryoko destroyed the sub-station like she has destroyed so much in the past.
We will avenge their deaths.

GROUP
Yes Lord Shihou.

SHIHOU
Move them out Toku.

EXT. Planet's desert surface - DAY

The Light Hawk Wing sphere.

Tenchi, Mihoshi, Grandfather, and Kazuhiko land amidst burning debris.

Tenchi is dressed in his Jurai battle armor and holds the Light Hawk Wing
sword.

Tenchi releases the Light Hawk Wing sphere and sword.

Tenchi looks around him and tears spring to his eyes.

TENCHI
Oh no, I didn't save Washu and Sasami!

MIHOSHI
I am sorry Tenchi.

Tenchi collapses.

GRANDFATHER
I would not count Shihou out yet.  His ship went down about twenty miles
that way.

TENCHI
Sasami, Little Washu.  Why?  Why did they have to die?

KAZUHIKO
Tenchi we must move from here.

Kazuhiko and Grandfather pick up Tenchi and move out of the debris.

Mihoshi follows.

FADE OUT:

THE END



Bonus section:
As I sit in the theater the closing credits begin to roll and the house
light come up.  The credits run along the right side of the screen.  On
the left side run still pictures of Washu and Sasami.  Each picture is
of a happy and joyous occasion from several of the different Tenchi Muyo
productions.  I am reminded that a true wake does not mourn the loss of
someone but instead celebrates their life.  Then I hear the music, and the
melody tears at my soul.  Then the vocals begin.  If you would like to
write music for the lyrics, I invite you to do so.  The melody should be
one that does tear at the soul, and might be played on a church organ or
maybe the highlander's pipes.

Episode Four Closing Song: Tenchi's Lament (Vocals by Tenchi)

In the past with them my soul did fly
Without them it now can only cry
Your smile still haunt me even now
I would save you still if I knew how

Always just in time to save the day
Who will now come in to find away?
How can I without the two of you?
Find away to do what I must do

Memories are all that I can keep
When I think of them causes me to weep
What the price I can't measure the cost
Without you I am forever lost

My heart has been ripped out of my chest
Is there any hope now for all the rest?
Heaven above please hear my desperate plea
Why did you take them instead of me?

My little Washu no more to see
Sasami princess how can it be?
In my soul the pain I can not hide.
Where are you I can't believe you died?

And if there is any truth hope or love
How can you up in heaven above
With no voice, nothing for them to say
Justify what you have done this day

Innocent of any guilt, wrong, or crime
Never more to see them for all time
Death's heavy hand has brought us all down
There is no longer hope to be found

Oh how can this be right in my eyes?
Or has it just been nothing but lies
No more will I want to even try
So I will just lie down here and die

My heart has been ripped out of my chest
Is there any hope now for all the rest?
Heaven above please hear my desperate plea
Why did you take them instead of me?

My little Washu no more to see
Sasami princess how can it be?
In my soul the pain I can not hide.
Where are you I can't believe you died?



Thank you, Zervon
