New Partner!
Chapter Eleven: No Need for War!

    The new Attack Cruiser was only one of the many brand new designs that
had filled the ranks of the Haven Space Forces.  It was slim looking, with
the newest in reception nets and power systems.  A new computer system,
known
as the BARON system, controlled a majority of the ship's weapons and
tactical
resources.
    First Fleet Commander Tally sat in the commander's chair on the bridge,
while Captain Wells, the commander of the Attack Cruiser, named the
'Tenchi',
manned one of the unused stations.  The Captain had plugged his station into
the command net and this allowed him to keep in touch of the rest of the
fleet.  Captain Wells had little to worry about with the BARON system now
online and ready.
    "Report," asked Tally.
    "The fleet is waiting for your orders," stated Wells as he examined the
scrolling information on his screens.
    "All systems and crew members of the Tenchi are ready," added the
computer.
    BARON stood for Broad Automatic Response Optical Network, computer that
thought as fast or faster then any organic intelligence and, unlike the AIs
of most ships, did not need to ask permission when reacting to danger during
a battle.
    Many people, even some of the eggheads within the Special Machine
Intelligence Division, had felt that a ship that was allowed to do whatever
it wanted in battle was a horrible idea.  But studies had shown that men and
women just couldn't keep up with a battle once it started and only a
computer, not limited by slow speed of organic brains, could react with the
speed and accuracy needed.
    'Of course,' thought Tally, 'kind of defeats the whole point of making a
robotic warship if you're going to full the damn thing with people.'
    "Send out the prerecorded message," ordered First Fleet Commander Tally.

    "Why aren't they doing something?" asked Tenchi as the Haven ships just
seemed to stay in place.  The Jurai and the Galaxy Police had fallen back,
having decided to disengage from combat and leave the Hive ships in the
center of the inward facing warships.
    "Getting something over the subspace channels," stated Washu as she
touched one of the pressure plates next to her station.
    "in five minutes," said Tally's voice over the speakers, "I repeat.  I
am
First Fleet Commander of the Haven High Command.  I demand the Hive Invasion
Fleet surrender or we will be forced to fire on you.  Please reply in five
minutes. I repeat."
    Washu switched off the speakers and shrugged, "I'm not sure if the Hive
will give in or not. Not even sure if they CAN give up."
    "What do you mean?" remarked Sasami.
    "Do social insects give up even when they attack something bigger, like
a
human?" pointed out Washu as she focused the holographic map onto the Hive's
ships.

    "At least five hundred ships," reported the radar operator.
    "I see," chirped WhiteClaw as he glanced down at the map which showed
the
WALL of ships that met the Hive's radar beams, tracking lasers and heat
scanners in all directions.
    Admiral WhiteClaw moved away from the large table and stepped up to one
of the empty stations.  A push of a button and before his eyes the monitor
turned on, showing one of the many city seeds within the flagship.  The seed
was protected by force fields which also kept it from hatching too early.
The city seeds within the ship were very important, as the next batch won't
be ready for decades.  If these died, even if the enemy was merciful, the
Hive's growth would come to a stand still.  And like most organisms if the
Hive did not grow it would surely die.
    The ship also had thousands of new eggs, each held in a tiny incubator,
a
tiny life ready to be started on what WAS going to be the new colony planet.
    "Get in touch with Nest," demanded WhiteClaw.

    "What are they waiting for?" demanded Farmer.
    "They might have problems with giving up," remarked Mihoshi as she
steered the ship farther away from the core of Hive ships within the sphere
of Haven ships.
    "Maybe they wish to fight to the death?" Kiyone pondered out loud as she
checked the ship's Stardrive, just in case they needed a swift escape.

    "Report," asked Lady Misaki from the command chair.
    Captain Sharaku bowed before the Ladyship and said, "Four of our ships
are left and only nine Galaxy Police ships that we know of.  All of our
ships
report light damage.  The Too-Kay says it will need to have the engines
totally replaced when we get back to the planet Jurai and we might need to
have our power systems completely reinstalled."
    "How many dead?"
    Captain Sharaku sighed and said, "Luckily, neither Jurai or Galaxy ships
need large crews.  We believe we only lost about four hundred killed,
wounded
or missing total.  Reports are still coming in."
    "The Hive?"
    "The battleships are heavily automated, but the transports were loaded
with troops," replied Sharaku, somewhat reluctant to continue.
    "Captain?" demanded Lady Misaki.
    "I think we're talking about somewhere in the millions, My Lady."

    "First Fleet Commander Tally," reported the ship's computer, "and
Captain
Wells, I have an answer coming in from the Hive flagship.  Do you wish to
hear it now?"
    "Yes," answered Tally.
    "They're cutting it short," commented Wells.
    An emotionless voice poured out of the computer's speakers, as it
swiftly
translated the message being beamed in from the Hive ships.
    "This is Admiral Claw of the White Line of the Royal Court of Home Nest
in Command of the Hive Invasion Fleet," said the voice, "and I not only
surrender the Fleet, but request that all hostility between the Hive and her
enemies come to a halt.  We wish to discuss peace terms with both the Haven
People and the Galactic Union."

    Within Washu's command center cheering filled the air, as Tenchi kissed
the tiny redhead and even Ryoko and Ayeka hugged each other.  Sasami hugged
the cabbit hard and Ryo-Ohki didn't seem to mind at all.  Tenchi's
grandfather sat quietly and thanked the Gods.

    "Time to go home," shouted Derek as he put away his pipe.  In the
distance was D3's realm.
    "She will be mad at us," said a young voice from the nothingness of
space.
    "Well, Duh," commented Derek as he faded away at the same time the wall
holding the Goddess back fell apart.

    'What has happened?  D3?'
    'You're NOT going to like this, my Lady.'
    'D3!'
    'Well, you see, the Hive lost...'

******************************************************************************

**************************************************************
GHK  News Transcript of Spotlight: Show 9405 : Interview with the Galactic
Union's Secretary of Planetary Affairs.

Host: Greetings.  Welcome to Spotlight. In this show we are going to talk to
Secretary of Planetary Affairs, Lord Hawaii from the planet Skylark.
Welcome
to the show Lord Hawaii.

LH: Nice to be here.

Host: Now, could you give the interviewers a little of your background.

LH: Well, before I became the Secretary, I was also the Magistrate of
Skylark
to the Union Assembly for two terms.

Host: Now, first off, can you tell the viewers what has happened up to this
point?

LH: Well, while peace negotiations are in progress, there has been cease
fire
put into effect.  Many Hive forces have already withdrawn from the planets
they invaded or in the process of withdraw.  Haven High Command has also
helped in the patrolling of many of the combat areas.

Host: What have we done to help this areas that was invaded by the Hive?

LH: The Galactic Union is right now sending supplies and hospital ships to
all the planets in question.  Many planets are also offering to send the
Hive
food AND medical volunteers.

Host: Is it true that the reason the Hive attacked many of the independent
planets, our allies and Galactic Union planets themselves was because their
colonies were attacked by a viral weapons developed by Haven scientists?

LH: Yes, unfortunately, that is very much the truth.  The Haven WILL have to
be made to halt such research, research in the area of biological weapons of
course.  Already teams from the Galaxy Academy are on their way to those
planets, to see if they can limit the damage and even help the planets
recover.

Host: Another question, my Lord.  We understand that the Haven High Command
has massive fleets under their control?

LH: Yes.  We are already discussing with them the idea of decommissioning
many of these ships, maybe even lowering the number of their fleets by 90%.

Host: Now, reports have come in that many planets are now ASKING to join the
Union because of the events of the conflict?

LH: Well, many of the independent planets, plus some of the larger
interplanetary states, have seen the advantages of becoming part of a
larger,
more powerful nation.  And unlike many of the Empires in others parts of the
Galaxy, the planets not only keep many of their rights, but also gain new
ones within the greater Union itself.  Besides the powerful police forces,
we
have a very strong currency, a wide trading network AND many cultural
centers.

Host: Yet the police forces were forced to get reinforces from Jurai forces,
were they not?

LH: I MUST point out, as many in the Assembly have been doing so, that this
is a RARE event and that the Galaxy Police are meant to be used against
outlaws and space pirates.  We should NOT increase their powers or numbers
JUST because we might have another MAJOR war within the next five thousand
years.  Any wars, major or minor are few and far between.  The cost and
resources are too great for most planets.  Even the Haven Military happened
to have huge numbers only after millions of years of careful build up.  Even
the Hive, who are social beings who willingly obey their Royal Queens, could
not build up the ships or forces needed for the major conflict after
centuries of work.

Host: So building up our own military forces would not be the answer?

LH: The Galactic Union has many ways to deal with problems outside and
inside
our borders.  Military force is not the only answer.

Host: But surely the firepower of the Hive's spacecraft show us we need some
improvements?

LH: I would point out that the Jurai spaceships are larger, better armed and
protected than our ships AND they lost even more people than we did in the
battle.  Our ship designs are not going to be changing anytime soon.

Host: There are rumors that many Haven ships are disappearing and that the
Haven High Command is NOT destroying them and is, in fact mothballing them
for the future.  Is that true?

LH: Nonsense.

End of  Transcript.

******************************************************************************

**************************************************************

    Washu sat on top of the house, looking up at the night sky.
    "So, feeling better?" asked Derek as he sat next to her on the roof.
    "A little," remarked Washu, "my memories are taking some time to put
themselves in order."
    "It will take time," said Derek as he too looked up at the stars, "you
don't want them all falling on you like a ton of bricks again, do you?"
    "No, I guess not," answered Washu.  She sighed and added, "Still, I have
so much I want to know and it's right inside my head.  Right here and I
can't
get to it, not yet."
    "I know, I know," said Derek as he patted her back lightly.  "You'll get
all the answers soon."
    Washu smiled, as she watched the battered green patrol ship slowly
approach the lake, its antigravity fields flickering and rippling, as it
tried to keep from crashing into the ground.  "I see Kiyone and Mihoshi are
returning.  You know, they make great partners.  They kind of bring the
other
balance."
    "Yes," whispered Derek as he glanced back into the sky.  "Yes, they make
good partners."

Epilogue:

    Space has lots of room.  You might think space was full of planets and
stars and dust and planet eating goats.  But you would be wrong.  Really
wrong.  Mostly space is SPACE.  Even a galaxy is really nothing more then
space.  A spiral galaxy, for example, has trillions of square light years of
space in-between the arms alone.  Zillions in fact.  Maybe a rogue planet or
two, and a couple of dark stars, but most of it is vacuum, without an atom
to
be seen.
    Now, that was still relatively true in the empty space between the
Northern and Western arms of the Milkyway Galaxy.  Even if there was a dozen
planet size space docks surrounded by a few million warships and tracking
stations.
    The Haven stations and ships were using only passive sensors and only
tightly focused lasers to transmit data to each other.  Like schools of
fish,
the ships floated in space, dark and silent.
    Attached to one of the stations were a dozen ships in the process of
being constructed from the inside out.  One was nothing but a skeleton of
steel frames and curved ribs, which workmen were still putting together.
The
others were more advanced in their construction, with computer systems,
engines, reactors and even a few visible areas where walls and doors were
being put into place.  One even had some of the outer hull plates being
pushed into place by small tugs.
    Within the station's engineering center stood the General Inspector
Lewis, with his special guest of Haven's new ally against the Goddess.  The
crew were professional enough not to look up from their interface modules.
The hologram floating in the center of the room showed what the ships would
look like once they was finished.  The spaceship's image looked something
like a metal sea cucumber.
    "As you can see, sir," said the General Inspector of Space Dock DS-12,
"the new Invader Class Transports will be ready for your people within a few
weeks."  He smiled and used a control wand, which made the hologram replace
the ship with a list of many of the Invader's features.
    "As you can see, the new transports will have five of the best First
Class fusion reactors, room for over fifty standard fighters AND a Universal
Jump Engine," said the General Inspector with pride.
    "Excellent," exclaimed Admiral WhiteClaw.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------
Tenchi Muyo! and related characters and settings are owned by AIC and
Pioneer.  I own the rest.  Finally finished this plot.  My next story will
be
focused TOTALLY on Tenchi and friends.  No military stuff.  I'll try to make
it interesting with some kind of plot and stuff.
