Pioneer owns the copyrights to Tenchi Muyo and to all the characters
there in.  I wish I owned them so I could be producing more anime.
Please see the prelude to this series for explanations on the screen
play annotations, and new character descriptions.

As with the OVA this is rated PG13 due to depictions of nudity, violence,
and sexual innuendo.

TENCHI MUYO SCREEN PLAY

By Zervon at zervon@hotmail.com

Episode Eleven

"Body, Heart, and Soul"

TEASER

FADE IN:

EXT. First floor landing - NIGHT (Sunday, 7 June 1998, 6th Day; 4th Month)

Tenchi and Washu stand before the lab door.

TENCHI
So there's a fleet of starships heading for Earth.

Washu pulls up her keyboard.

SASAMI
They may be friendly.

Washu shakes her head.

WASHU
My outer sensors have been destroyed.  That doesn't sound like anyone 
friendly.

TENCHI
How much do we know about them?

WASHU
At least fourteen capital ships and forty three lesser ships were detected 
before my sensors were destroyed.  They'll be in range of my Earth sensors 
in about thirty minutes.

RYOKO
Damn them.  We have to fight back.

TENCHI
I agree Ryoko.  We'll do what we must to protect Earth.  Sasami, please call 
Tsunami.  We'll need her ship.

Sasami close her eyes.

Tsunami appears.

TSUNAMI
I will be happy to help.

TENCHI
Tsunami, you and Sasami will go together in your ship.  Ryoko and I will go 
in Ryo-Ohki.  I doubt they expect two ships with ten wings of the light hawk 
each.

RYOKO
Go Ryo-Ohki!

Ryo-Ohki changes into her cabit form.

RYO-OHKI
Meow!  Meow!  Meow!

Ryo-Ohki runs out through a wall.

RYOKO
We should be able to stop them in no time.

TENCHI
Washu, I need you to stay here and take care of Ayeka.  Father's in the 
States.  You can call Grandfather to come down from the shrine to help.

WASHU
Okay Tenchi.

Tenchi looks at the other girls.

TENCHI
We need to prevent them from reaching Earth.  I don't want the first aliens 
that the people of Earth meet to be hostile.

TSUNAMI
My ship is here.

TENCHI
You two go ahead.  We'll meet you in orbit.  I need to tell Ayeka first 
before we go.

Ryoko takes a hold of Tenchi's hand and they disappear.

SASAMI
Take care, Little Washu.

Tsunami and Sasami disappear.

Washu sighs and looks at the ceiling.

WASHU
Where are you Mihoshi?

INT. Tenchi's bedroom - NIGHT

Ayeka sits on the bed.

Ryoko and Tenchi appear.

AYEKA
What was that horrible noise?

Tenchi and Ryoko sit next to Ayeka.

TENCHI
The solar system is being invaded.

AYEKA
By whom?

Tenchi shrugs his shoulders.

TENCHI
We don't know yet.  Tsunami, Sasami, Ryoko, and I are going stop them.

Ayeka nods her head.

AYEKA
What about me?

RYOKO
You need to stay here and take care of that child you're carrying.  Washu 
and Grandfather are also staying behind.

AYEKA
Yes sister.

TENCHI
I love you Ayeka.

AYEKA
Both of you take care.  Life will be hard if I lose either of you.  And 
please take care of Sasami too.

Ryoko gives Ayeka a kiss.

RYOKO
I still have the heart of a space pirate.  These invaders are history.

TENCHI
Right is on our side Ayeka.

Tenchi kisses Ayeka.

TENCHI
Take care of Little Washu while we're gone.

Ryoko and Tenchi disappear.

Tears steam down Ayeka's face.

INT. First floor landing - NIGHT

Washu stands in front of her lab door.

She walks off heading toward the family room.

FADE OUT:

END TEASER.



ACT ONE

FADE IN:

INT. Ryo-Ohki's Bridge - NIGHT

Tenchi and Ryoko appear on the bridge.

Tsunami's Life Tree ship appears on one screen.

Sasami and Tsunami appear on another screen.

TENCHI
Are you ready to go?

TSUNAMI
Yes Tenchi.  I have detected the invading force between Jupiter and Saturn.

TENCHI
Let's go and stop them.

RYOKO
Please make the command chair large enough for two.

The command chair widens.

TENCHI
Thank you Ryo-Ohki.

Ryo-Ohki's face in a crystal moves into view.

Ryo-Ohki is smiling.

RYOKO
Go Ryo-Ohki.

RYO-OHKI
Miya!  Miya!

EXT. Space - NIGHT

Earth is in the background.

Tsunami's tree ship and Ryo-Ohki are in front of the planet.

Both ships move away out of the scene.

INT. Kitchen - NIGHT

Washu enters the kitchen.

WASHU
May as well fix a snack while I'm up.

Her keyboard appears.

Washu busies her self about the kitchen.

She keeps checking the keyboard for updates.

INT. Ryo-Ohki's bridge - NIGHT

Tenchi and Ryoko sit together in the command chair.

Sasami and Tsunami are on one view screen.

Tsunami's tree ship is on another view screen.

TENCHI
Do you have a battle plan?

Ryoko's face turns grim.

RYOKO
Yes.  It's a plan that Kagato and I used many times.

TENCHI
I'm sorry.  I didn't mean to bring up old memories.

Ryoko flashes Tenchi a smile.

RYOKO
That's okay.  It's good to see some use come out of those years.  Sasami?

SASAMI
Yes Ryoko.

RYOKO
We'll split up.  Don't show your Light Hawk Wings until the last possible 
second.  We'll come in from the top right and swing to the middle then out 
the top left.  You come in from the bottom left and move to the middle then 
out the bottom right.

TSUNAMI
Okay.

RYOKO
Target the larger ships first.  The small ones are just support craft.  It's 
the big ones that carry the invasion force and the big guns.

SASAMI
I don't like this Tenchi.

TENCHI
We must protect the Earth and everyone on it.  I'll not hesitate to use 
force.

Sasami looks sad, but she nods her head.

INT. Family room - NIGHT

Washu sits on the couch eating from a bowl.

Her keyboard floats just above her knees.

A teapot and cup sit on the table.

WASHU
There is something familiar about the energy signal from those ships.

Washu continues to eat and brood.

She types a couple of commands and Grandfather appears on the screen.

GRANDFATHER
What do you need Washu?

WASHU
I need you over here right now.

Grandfather smiles.

GRANDFATHER
Okay, I'll be there in a couple of minutes.  What was that siren about?

WASHU
The solar system is being invaded.

Grandfather's eyes go wide.

GRANDFATHER
Invaded?!  Who!  Why!

WASHU
I don't know yet.  Ayeka and I stayed behind.  Tenchi and Ryoko are in 
Ryo-Ohki, and Tsunami and Sasami are on Tsunami's ship.

GRANDFATHER
I'll be there as soon as I can.

Grandfather leaves the screens view.

Washu types some more commands and studies her keyboard.

WASHU
What's wrong with my memory?  I know those ships!

Washu realizes her bowl is empty.

She gets up and moves out to the kitchen.

EXT. Space - NIGHT

Nothing but stars.

KAZUHIKO (O.C.)
Mihoshi would you mind if...  Oh, thank you.

MIHOSHI (O.C.)
You're welcome.

KAZUHIKO (O.C.)
It seems a bit silly, but I feel better here when I'm holding your hand.

MIHOSHI (O.C.)
It's okay.  Kiyone doesn't like it here either.  She likes order in her 
life.

KAZUHIKO (O.C.)
I know what she means.  This chaos is very difficult to keep in perspective. 
  What's are our chances of making it to Earth?

Pause for a five count.

MIHOSHI (O.C.)
Ninety Eight percent.

KAZUHIKO (O.C.)
That's pretty good.  What is it you aren't telling me?

MIHOSHI (O.C.)
Yukinojo has less than one percent chance of surviving the journey.

KAZUHIKO (O.C.)
Yukinojo knows this?

MIHOSHI (O.C.)
Yes.

KAZUHIKO (O.C.)
I'm not surprised that he would sacrifice himself for you.  I'd do the same 
in his place.

MIHOSHI (O.C.)
Why?

KAZUHIKO (O.C.)
You're special Mihoshi.  I can't put it in words, but everything you do is 
important.  I want you to succeed, and so I'd sacrifice anything for you to 
do so.

MIHOSHI (O.C.)
I'm just another cop.

KAZUHIKO (O.C.)
That's a part of you that makes you special.

MIHOSHI (O.C.)
I don't understand.

KAZUHIKO (O.C.)
You're so real.  You can't fake your humility or your simplicity.

MIHOSHI (O.C.)
You say such sweet things Kazuhiko.

INT. Ryo-Ohki's bridge - NIGHT

Tenchi and Ryoko sit together in the command chair.

RYO-OHKI
Meow, Meow.

A screen with the enemy fleet appears.

RYOKO
They don't look any tougher than the Galaxy Police.  This should be a 
cakewalk.

TENCHI
Don't get too confident.  They may have a secret weapon.

Ryoko looks in Tenchi' eyes and smiles.

RYOKO
Confidence is all a part of being a space pirate.

Tenchi kisses her.

TENCHI
You look really sexy when you're like this.  It reminds me of the time in 
the schoolyard.

Ryoko blushes.

RYOKO
We had better keep our minds on the business at hand.

Tenchi turns red.

TENCHI
I'm sorry.  It has been awhile.

RYOKO
Ayeka not to your liking?

TENCHI
Oh no, nothing like that.  I love you all so much and I'm just missing you.

Ryoko returns Tenchi's kiss.

RYOKO
Good.

Ryoko turns her attention to Ryo-Ohki.

RYOKO
Plot a firing solution for our battle plan Ryo-Ohki.

RYO-OHKI
Meow!  Meow, meow.

Tenchi looks at the view screen and sees a red faced Sasami.

TENCHI
Are you ready to begin the attack Sasami?

TSUNAMI
Yes Tenchi.  You really should turn off the communicator if you are going to 
have private conversations.

Both Tenchi and Ryoko sweat drop.

TENCHI
Err...  Ah...  Well, okay.

Ryoko starts laughing.

RYOKO
You'll get your chance Sasami.

Sasami joins Ryoko in her laughter.

SASAMI
I'm sure I will.

Sasami sobers up.

SASAMI
But now is not a time for laugher.

Ryoko stops laughing.

RYOKO
Yes, we'll save that for after the battle.

TENCHI
I want them to fire the first shot.

All three girls look at Tenchi.

RYOKO
Okay.

SASAMI
Yes Tenchi.

RYOKO
Start your run Ryo-Ohki.

RYO-OHKI
Meooow!

EXT. Space - NIGHT

Ryo-Ohki against a background of stars.

Swing camera view to show the enemy fleet.

Ryo-Ohki accelerates toward the enemy.

EXT. Space - NIGHT

Tsunami against a background of stars.

Swing camera view to show the enemy fleet.

Tsunami accelerates toward the enemy.

INT. Family room - NIGHT

Washu sits on the couch looking at her keyboard.

She holds a cup of tea.

The remains of a meal are laid out on the table

Grandfather enters the room.

WASHU
The tea is fresh.  Would you like some?

Grandfather sits next to Washu.

GRANDFATHER
Yes please.

Washu pours tea for Grandfather and refills her cup.

WASHU
They've just reached the enemy position.

GRANDFATHER
Where's Ayeka?

WASHU
She's in Tenchi's room.

Grandfather nods his head.

GRANDFATHER
How's she doing?

Washu looks at Grandfather.

She shakes her head.

WASHU
Not that well when you consider what's going on.  Her morning sickness has 
her a little dehydrated, and Tenchi in battle isn't helping her stress 
levels.

Grandfather chuckles.

GRANDFATHER
A scientist to the very end.

Washu blushes.

WASHU
I really do care about everyone in this house.  I feel like I'm their 
surrogate mother.

GRANDFATHER
You've not been up to see me in quite awhile.  Have you found someone else?

Washu bows her head.

WASHU
I didn't want to interfere with Tsunami.

Grandfather wraps his arm around Washu.

GRANDFATHER
She hasn't been around to see me either.

Washu buries her head in Grandfather's chest.

WASHU
I'm as bad as my daughter is when it comes to handling my own emotions.

GRANDFATHER
I think your daughter is doing very well in that area.  The goodness I saw 
in her seven hundred years ago is shining through.

Washu looks up.

Grandfather kisses her.

Washu visibly relaxes.

INT. Ryo-Ohki's bridge - NIGHT

Ryoko and Tenchi sit together in the command chair.

RYOKO
Damn, we have a full spread of missiles inbound.

TENCHI
Very well.  We will play it their way.  Destroy them Ryo-Ohki!

RYO-OHKI
Meeeoooww!

Tenchi and Ryoko look at each other.

They hold hands.

Ryoko's gems glow.

TENCHI
We'll see how they stand up the greatest power in Jurai.

EXT. Space - NIGHT

Ryo-Ohki with Jupiter in the background.

The ten wings of the Light Hawk form around Ryo-Ohki.

INT. Tsunami's bridge - NIGHT

Tsunami and Sasami stand together.

TSUNAMI
It is time.

SASAMI
Yes.

EXT. Space - NIGHT

Tsunami's ship with Jupiter in the background.

The ten wings of the Light Hawk form around Tsunami.

EXT. Space - NIGHT

Ryo-Ohki with the Light Hawk Wings.

Missiles impact on the Wings doing no damage.

Ryo-Ohki sails past the smaller ships firing as she goes.

Several small ships take damage.

EXT. Space - NIGHT

Tsunami with the Light Hawk Wings.

Missiles impact on the Wings doing no damage.

Tsunami sails around the smaller ships heading for the larger ones.

FADE OUT:

END ACT ONE



ACT TWO

FADE IN:

INT. Family room - NIGHT

Grandfather and Washu sit on the couch drinking tea.

Washu monitors her keyboard on her knee.

Grandfather starts to fidget.

He turns on the television and runs through the channels.

He then turns it off.

WASHU
What's wrong?  You're acting like a young man on his first date.

GRANDFATHER
I sense something out there.

Washu types on her keyboard.

WASHU
I don't detect anything on my sensors.

GRANDFATHER
I feel it in my gut.

WASHU
I've always said that you have to trust your gut.

Grandfather stands up.

GRANDFATHER
I'm going to have a look around.  I don't sense any evil, but there's 
malevolence out there.

WASHU
That's a fine line.

GRANDFATHER
Be ready for anything.

WASHU
I've turned on my defense systems.

Grandfather leaves the family room through the patio door.

Washu returns to studying her keyboard.

WASHU
Now what are your secrets?

EXT. Space - NIGHT

Ryo-Ohki with the Light Hawk Wings flies through the enemy formation.

Ryo-Ohki sails between two large ships.

The Light Hawk Wings cut deep gouges in both ships.

The gouges grow as both ships start to come apart.

Ryo-Ohki sails clear before both vessels explode.

INT. Ryo-Ohki's bridge - NIGHT

Ryoko and Tenchi sit together in the command chair holding hands.

RYOKO
Their attack makes no sense.

TENCHI
I can't figure them out either.  Let's count our blessings and continue the 
attack until we drive them away.

Ryoko nods her head.

RYOKO
Ten degrees to port Ryo-Ohki, there is another juicy target.

INT. Tsunami's bridge - NIGHT

Tsunami and Sasami stand together.

The ship is buffeted by explosions.

TSUNAMI
It seems that they are concentrating on us.

A large explosion drops Sasasmi to her knees.

Tsunami reaches down with a hand.

TSUNAMI
Now is the time to be strong.

SASAMI
I don't feel very strong.

TSUNAMI
Are you the Crown Princess and future leader of my people?

Sasasmi takes Tsunami's hand and stands.

SASAMI
By your will I shall be.

TSUNAMI
My will has little to do with it.  It is your spirit that truly matters.

Sasami stiffens.

SASAMI
I'll be strong.  I shall lead the people.  I shall be victorious.

TSUNAMI
I know you will.  Now for the matter at hand.  That ship is much larger than 
the rest.  You now have control.

Tsunami gives Sasami a hug.

Sasami closes her eyes.

EXT. Space - NIGHT

Tsunami with her Light Hawk Wings sails through the enemy ships.

Tsunami flies close to a gigantic ship.

The Light Hawk Wings cut deeply into the ship.

It explodes immediately.

Tsunami sails out of the fireball turning toward new targets.

EXT. Lakeside - NIGHT

Grandfather moves silently around the lake.

He moves with stealth form one bit of cover to another.

Grandfather disappears in the night.

EXT. Space - NIGHT

Ryo-Ohki with the Light Hawk Wings surrounded by enemy ships.

Ryo-Ohki makes a tight turn.

She fires at the smaller ships while using the Light Hawk Wings on the 
larger ones.

Ryo-Ohki leaves destruction in her wake.

INT. Tsunami's bridge - NIGHT

Tsunami and Sasami stand together holding hands.

SASAMI
There's something wrong.

TSUNAMI
What is it?

SASAMI
I sense a trap.

TSUNAMI
Tenchi, Sasasmi feels we are flying into a trap.

Ryoko and Tenchi appear on the view screen.

RYOKO
These bastards are being cut to ribbons.  What do they have to trap us?

SASAMI
Change course to Jupiter now!

EXT. Space - NIGHT

Tsunami make a sudden course change.

Ryo-Ohki follows close behind.

A rip in space opens behind the two ships.

INT. Ryo-Ohki's bridge - NIGHT

Ryoko and Tenchi sit in the command chair holding hands.

Tsunami and Sasami are on the view screen.

TENCHI
What the hell was that?

RYOKO
A singularity bomb.  It's used to snuff out stars.

SASAMI
If they could do that, why didn't they?

Shock shows on Tsunami's face.

TSUNAMI
Something is holding them back.

RYOKO
Thanks Sasami.  I should have seen that trap by the way their ships were 
clearing the area.

SASAMI
They're regrouping in mass now.

TENCHI
If they want to continue the fight we won't disappoint them.

INT. Family room - NIGHT

Washu sits on the couch studying her keyboard.

She suddenly stands.

WASHU
How in the hell did they get to this galaxy?  Damn you Tokimi your hand is 
all over this.

Washu kicks at the coffee table.

She storms out into the dining room.

She returns with a bottle of sake.

Washu sits down and opens the bottle.

She takes a big slug.

WASHU (expressed as thought)
Be careful Ryoko.  This opponent is tougher than we thought.

RYOKO (O.C.)
We have figured that out mom.  They just tried to use a singularity bomb on 
us.  Sasami spoiled it for them.

Washu's eyes go wide.

WASHU (expressed as thought)
They may already be on Earth.  Grandfather is searching the area.  The 
Furrarizan have no love for me.

RYOKO (O.C.)
So that's the name of the enemy.  We're starting another attack run, talk to 
you later mom.

Washu takes another slug of the sake.

INT. Ryo-Ohki's bridge - NIGHT

Ryoko and Tenchi sit together holding hands.

TENCHI
Was that Washu?

RYOKO
Yes, she wanted to warn us that the enemy's technology was higher than we 
first thought.

TENCHI
So we found out.

RYOKO
Grandfather thinks they may have already landed on Earth.

TENCHI
Damn them.  Let's finish what they started.

EXT. Space - NIGHT

Ryo-Ohki and Tsunami sail close together.

Both ships have the Light Hawk Wings.

They do a 180 degree turn back toward the enemy fleet.

The rip in space is slowly closing.

The enemy fleet scatters.

RYOKO (O.C.)
Break right Sasami.

SASAMI (O.C.)
Okay Ryoko.

The two ships separate and begin firing.

INT. Family room - NIGHT

Washu sits on the couch.

She is typing on her keyboard.

The television is off.

Grandfather enters the room.

WASHU
Did you find anything?

Grandfather stands next to Washu.

GRANDFATHER
Something's prowling around the lake.  How's the battle going?

WASHU
They're fighting the enemy fleet near Jupiter.  The enemy almost got them 
with a trap.  Now, I don't see how they can fight against two ships that can 
each generate ten Light Hawk Wings.

GRANDFATHER
So it's a pointless battle.

Washu nods her head.

GRANDFATHER
Then we have nothing to worry about.

WASHU
I always worry abo...

Washu's keyboard disappears.

Washu's eyes go wide in shock.

WASHU
Get Ayeka now!

Grandfather dashes from the room.

Washu follows.

WASHU
We'll hide in my lab!

Washu reaches her lab door.

She can't open the door.

WASHU
Damn it!

Washu kicks at the door in frustration.

The house is rocked with an explosion.

Washu starts up the stairs only to see Grandfather coming down.

He is carrying Ayeka.

Grandfather sets Ayeka down on her feet.

GRANDFATHER
What's happening?

WASHU
They've placed a sub-space damper around the area.

GRANDFATHER
Which means?

WASHU
I can't get into my lab.  I can't get any of my equipment.  It means I've 
just become powerless and totally useless.

The house is rocked by a second explosion.

WASHU
The whole space battle was a diversion.

GRANDFATHER
Take Ayeka and run for the forest.  I'll try to hold them off so you can get 
away.

Washu nods her head.

AYEKA
We should stay and help you fight.  I'm not powerless.

GRANDFATHER
Please sister, if you must fight do so from hiding.  You can avenge me 
later.

Ayeka sighs and nods her head.

Ayeka and Washu exit though the back of the house.

Grandfather exits out the front.

INT. Ryo-Ohki's bridge - NIGHT

Ryoko and Tenchi sit together in the command chair.

Ryoko takes in a sudden breath.

TENCHI
What is it?

Ryoko looks into Tenchi's eyes.

RYOKO
Washu just told me the house is under attack.

TENCHI
Damn them.  We're too heavily involved here to break away.  Make a hole for 
us Ryo-Ohki; we may need to leave suddenly.

RYO-OHKI
Meow!

TENCHI
Sasami.

Sasami and Tsunami appear on one of the view screens.

SASAMI
Yes Tenchi?

TENCHI
The house is under attack.  We may have to leave you if it gets to where 
Little Washu can't handle it.

SASAMI
I understand.

The screen goes blank.

EXT. Space - NIGHT

Stars for the background.

Yukinojo appears.

INT. Yukinojo's bridge - NIGHT

YUKINOJO
We've entered normal space.  I'm unable to decelerate.

KAZUHIKO
Status?

YUKINOJO
I will impact Earth in four minutes.  There is a space battle near Jupiter.

MIHOSHI
Nothing we can do about that.  What's the status around the Masaki home?

YUKINOJO
Still out of range.

EXT. Lake side near the Tenchi's house - NIGHT

The top two floors of the house have been shattered.

Grandfather stands crouched low holding his bokken.

A large cat like humanoid lays at his feet.

Another explosion rocks the house reducing it to rubble.

Grandfather dodges an energy blast and takes off leaving the scene.

INT. Tsunami's bridge - NIGHT

Sasami and Tsunami stand before the base of the Life Tree.

A large enemy craft is on the screen.

It explodes.

SASAMI
Why do they stay and fight.  Can't they see that they have no chance?

TSUNAMI
Something is driving them to fight.

Tears run down Sasami's face.

SASAMI
I hate this.

Tsunami takes a hold of Sasami's hand.

TSUNAMI
We must do our duty.  When you are Empress you will find that duty is both a 
pleasure and a chore.

Sasami's face turns grim.

SASAMI
Yes, I'll do what I must.

INT. Yukinojo's bridge - NIGHT

Mihoshi and Kazuhiko sit in their command chairs.

YUKINOJO
Earth is in sensor range.  There are energy readings around the Masaki home 
that aren't consistent with Earth technology.

MIHOSHI
Can you identify the technology?

YUKINOJO
Furrarizan.  Three minutes to impact.

MIHOSHI
Target the Gamma Beam weapon on enemy positions.  Use the rapid fire mode.

YUKINOJO
I'll be in range in two minutes.

Mihoshi gets out of her chair.

Kazuhiko does the same.

MIHOSHI
We'll be in my stateroom.

EXT. Shrubbery - NIGHT

Ayeka and Washu crouch behind some shrubs.

AYEKA
Do you detect anything?

WASHU
None of my equipment is working.

Ayeka looks around.

AYEKA
Once we cross the clearing we can head for the cave.

WASHU
Sounds good to me.

AYEKA
Let's go!

Ayeka and Washu run for the tree line.

Blood sprays from Washu's right thigh.

She stumbles and falls while Ayeka keeps running.

WASHU
Damn it!

Ayeka reaches the edge of the trees and turns around.

WASHU
Keep going!

Ayeka is caught in a beam of light and goes down.

WASHU
Ayeka!

A high pitched whine can be heard.

Washu looks up.

WASHU
You're too late Mihoshi.

Washu begins crying.

WASHU
You're too late.

EXT. Space - NIGHT

Jupiter is in the background.

Ryo-Ohki does a spinning maneuver through several smaller ships.

The enemy's energy blasts glance off the Light Hawk Wings.

Ryo-Ohki fires half a dozen blasts.

Six opposing star craft explode.

INT. Ryo-Ohki's bridge - NIGHT

Tenchi and Ryoko sit together in the command chair.

Both stiffen.

TENCHI and RYOKO
Ayeka!

They look at each other.

RYOKO
Ryo-Ohki, go home now!

RYO-OHKI
Meow!  Meow!

EXT. Space - NIGHT

Jupiter is in the background.

Ryo-Ohki glows a bright red as she streaks across space.

None of the enemy craft try to pursue her.

EXT. Near the lake - NIGHT

Grandfather knocks out another Furrarizan fighter.

A high pitched whine is heard.

Grandfather looks up.

GRANDFATHER
Good.

He leaves the scene.

INT. Tsunami's bridge - NIGHT

Tsunami and Sasami stand before the Life Tree.

Tenchi and Ryoko come up on the screen.

SASAMI
What has happened Tenchi?

TENCHI
Ayeka has been injured.

Sasami starts to cry.

TSUNAMI
We will finish this and follow as soon as we can.

Tenchi nods his head.

The screen goes blank.

Tsunami places her arm around Sasami.

TSUNAMI
Be strong little one.  Ayeka is tougher than you think.

SASAMI
I know that her body is strong...  But her heart...  I don't know if she has 
the will to live.

TSUNAMI
We have a battle to finish.

Sasami, still crying, nods her head.

INT. Yukinojo's bridge - NIGHT

Yukinojo is alone on the bridge.

YUKINOJO
One minute to impact.  Firing the Gamma Beam weapon in rapid fire mode.

MIHOSHI (O.C.)
Continue for as long as you can.

YUKINOJO
Yes Mihoshi.

EXT. Field near Tenchi's house - NIGHT

Washu lays on the ground.

She tears a part of her jacket and wraps her right thigh.

The ground around Washu erupts.

Screams and growled curses can be heard.

WASHU
Get the bastards Mihoshi.

EXT. Woods near lake - NIGHT

Grandfather faces a cat like warrior.

Grandfather has his bokken.

The warrior has an energy rifle.

Grandfather dodges two shots and hits his opponent on the head.

The ground around him erupts.

Grandfather moves on seeking other targets.

INT. Mihoshi's stateroom - NIGHT

Kiyone lies on the bed dressed in one of Mihoshi's colorful orange kimonos

Mihoshi hands a small black box to Kazuhiko.

MIHOSHI
Keep this safe.  Kiyone will need it later.

Kazuhiko takes the box.

KAZUHIKO
I'll guard it with my life.

Mihoshi gathers a few items off her shelves.

MIHOSHI
Get ready to go.

Kazuhiko picks up Kiyone and carries her in both arms.

KAZUHIKO
Ready.

YUKINOJO (O.C.)
Thirty seconds to impact.  Standby for transport.  I will see you again in 
my next life Mihoshi.  Take care.

MIHOSHI
I look forward to the day Yukinojo.

They disappear leaving the stateroom empty.

YUKINOJO (O.C.)
Unable to continue firing.  Good bye Mihoshi.

INT. Tsunami's bridge - NIGHT

Tsunami and Sasami stand before the Life Tree.

View Screen shows what is left of the enemy fleet.

All the ships power up and are moving away from Tsunami.

SASAMI
They appear to be retreating.

TSUNAMI
We should pursue them to ensure they are leaving the system.

SASAMI
What about Ayeka?

TSUNAMI
If she lives, Washu will keep her alive until we get there.  We can not 
chance them turning around and attacking Earth.

Sasami's eyes glisten as she nods her head.

FADE OUT:

END ACT TWO



ACT THREE

FADE IN:

EXT. Field near house - DAY (Monday, 8 June 1998; 7th Day, 4th Month)

The sun is rising.

Washu lies on the ground.

Blood seeps from the wound on her right thigh.

Washu's keyboard appears before her.

WASHU
Finally.

Washu types a few commands.

A spray can pops out of a hole.

She removes the bandage around her thigh, and sprays the wound.

Washu visibly relaxes.

She stands up and hobbles toward the spot Ayeka went down.

INT. Tsunami's bridge - DAY

Tsunami and Sasami stand together.

TSUNAMI
They are definitely leaving the system.

SASAMI
We need to get back to Earth.

Tsunami nods her head.

EXT. Space - NIGHT

Tsunami with a background of stars.

Tsunami turns about and accelerates toward the sun.

EXT. Edge of woods near house - DAY

Washu is hobbling toward the camera.  Stay focused on her above the waist.

Washu fills the frame and kneels.

WASHU
Oh God!  Ayeka!  Forgive me Tenchi.

AYEKA
Ten...   Chi...

Washu's eyes widen.

Her keyboard appears and she types a command.

A portal opens to her left.

Washu stands and drags something into the portal.

Washu comes back out.

She bends over and picks something up.

hen Washu stands you can see she holds the lower part of Ayeka's legs in 
each and.

Washu runs into the portal.

The portal disappears.

EXT. Field around the house - DAY

Grandfather runs around the area.

He stops and checks the Furrarizan bodies.

EXT. Rubble that was Tenchi's house - DAY

Washu's lab door remains unharmed.

Grandfather enters the rubble

He knocks on the lab door.

The door opens and Washu steps out.

Her eyes are red from crying.

Grandfather looks her up and down.

GRANDFATHER
You're wounded.

WASHU
Not as bad as Ayeka.

GRANDFATHER
What happened?

WASHU
She was cut in half.  The energy beam must have cauterized the wound so she 
didn't bleed to death. Her love for Tenchi helped her survive the shock.

GRANDFATHER
How is she now?

WASHU
She's stable, but I don't know how long I can keep her alive.  I'm hoping 
that Sasami and Tsunami can heal her.

GRANDFATHER
The child?

Washu shakes her head.

Grandfather bows his head.

Grandfather looks at Washu.

GRANDFATHER
I need two favors from you.

Washu sighs.

Grandfather steps back and drags something into view.

It is a Furrarizan.

GRANDFATHER
What are these?

WASHU
They're Furrarizan.  I never thought I would see them again.

GRANDFATHER
You know them?

WASHU
Yes.  Meet Ryoko's biological father.

GRANDFATHER
Him!?

WASHU
No, his species.  They're from the Andromeda Galaxy.

Grandfather shakes his head.

GRANDFATHER
I have seven more tied up out there.  The rest are dead.

WASHU
I'll have some drones recover the bodies and the prisoners.

Her keyboard appears and she types on it.

A portal opens up.

WASHU
You can toss him in the same prison we held Shihou's men until we can turn 
them over to the Galaxy Police.

Grandfather tosses the Furrarizan through the portal and it disappears.

WASHU
What else do you need?

GRANDFATHER
I need you to recover the remains of the child so that I may bury him.

Washu closes her eyes in pain.

WASHU
He is scattered all across the field out there.

GRANDFATHER
You're the only one who can do it.

Washu's shoulders slump.

She nods her head and enters her lab.

Grandfather stands guard in front of her door.

EXT. Field near the woods - DAY

Mihoshi and Kazuhiko stand at the edge of the woods.

Kazuhiko is carrying Kiyone in both arms.

Mihoshi begins crying.

MIHOSHI
We're too late.

Kazuhiko turns to Mihoshi

KAZUHIKO
We need to search the house for survivors, and Washu's lab is probably still 
intact.

Kazuhiko steps forward but Mihoshi does not move.

KAZUHIKO
Please Mihoshi.  We have go in there.  You must have faith in Tenchi and in 
yourself.

Mihoshi shakes her head.

MIHOSHI
I'm scared.  I don't want to go in there.

KAZUHIKO
If not for you then do it for me.

Mihoshi looks up at Kazuhiko.

KAZUHIKO
Please.

Mihoshi nods her head.

Both move toward the rubble that was Tenchi's house.

EXT. Rubble that was Tenchi's house - DAY

Grandfather stands guard before Washu's lab door.

Kazuhiko and Mihoshi enter through the rubble.

Mihoshi is crying.

Kazuhiko carries Kiyone.

KAZUHIKO
Kiyone's in bad shape and needs medical attention.

Grandfather places his hand against Kiyone's face.

GRANDFATHER
Washu's not available now.  Take her to the old house.  I'll send Washu as 
soon as I can.

MIHOSHI
Tenchi?

GRANDFATHER
He's fine.  He hasn't returned from the battle in space.

MIHOSHI
Then who is Washu taking care of?

GRANDFATHER
Ayeka was badly wounded.

Mihoshi breaks down crying.

KAZUHIKO
The baby?

GRANDFATHER
She lost the child.

Mihoshi collapses to the floor.

MIHOSHI
I tried to get here as fast as I could.  Please forgive me.

Grandfather squats down in front of Mihoshi.

He takes her face in his hands.

GRANDFATHER
Thanks to you we're still alive.  The Furrarizan came here to kill us all.

KAZUHIKO
The Furrarizan are the one's who captured Kiyone and did this to her.

MIHOSHI
I'm sorry.

GRANDFATHER
Get a hold of yourself Mihoshi.  You need to take care of Kiyone now.

Mihoshi nods her head and stands.

She leans on Kazuhiko.

They make their way out of the rubble.

EXT. Field near woods - DAY

Washu enters the scene with a box hanging from a neck strap.

There is a cylinder on each side of the box.

Washu bends down and picks up something with tweezers.

EXT. Focus on the box - DAY

She holds the sample over the box and a light glows red.

Washu drops the sample in the right cylinder.

When she picks up the fifth sample the light on the box glows green.

You can hear Washu sobbing.

She drops the sample in the left cylinder.

EXT. Rubble that was Tenchi's house - DAY

Grandfather stands in front of the lab door.

The door opens and Washu steps out.

She is holding a cylinder.

Her eyes are very red.

WASHU
That was... the hardest... thing I... have ever done.

Washu holds out the cylinder.

Grandfather takes it in his left hand, and holds Washu's face in his right 
hand.

GRANDFATHER
Thank you Little Washu.

Grandfather kisses her.

He moves around her and exits through the rubble.

Washu holds her hand to her mouth and slumps to the floor.

She leans against the lab door.

WASHU
Why Tokimi, why?

Washu bows her head.

EXT. Temple - DAY

Grandfather exits the temple.

He is carrying a shovel and the cylinder.

He moves up the hill.

Grandfather stops before the two graves.

He sets down the cylinder in front of Achika's stone.

He begins digging next to her grave.

EXT. Rubble that was Tenchi's house - DAY

Washu sits on the floor slumped against her lab door.

She looks exhausted.

Tenchi enters through the rubble.

TENCHI
Little Washu.

WASHU
Hello Tenchi.

Tenchi looks at her.

TENCHI
Are you all right Little Washu?

Washu looks up with a grim smile.

WASHU
I'm fine Tenchi.  I'm sorry; I was unable to do what you asked.

Washu starts crying.

WASHU
Can you forgive me?

Tenchi kneels before her and wraps her up in his arms.

TENCHI
You did everything you could.  Is Ayeka inside?

Washu nods her head.

WASHU
She was badly injured Tenchi.  Her love for you is the only thing keeping 
her alive.

TENCHI
I need to see her.

WASHU
Are you sure?  Her injures are extensive.

TENCHI
Yes.

WASHU
She lost the child.

Tenchi tenses.

TENCHI
I'll mourn the child later.  Right now Ayeka is the most important thing.  
With her we can have more children.

WASHU
I hope so Tenchi, but only if Sasami and Tsunami can heal her.

TENCHI
Is it that bad?

Washu nods her head.

TENCHI
I must see her.

WASHU
The door is open for you.

Tenchi stands and pushes open the door.

He steps around Washu and enters the lab.

Washu remains sitting on the ground and leans against the door after it 
closes.

INT. Washu's lab - DAY

Ayeka lies on a hospital style bed.

She is covered by a sheet.

The sheet falls flat against the bed just below her chest, and stays flat 
until it reaches her mid thigh where it covers the rest of her legs.  
Looking at the sheet her left arm ends at the elbow.

Tenchi enters the room and gasps when he sees her.

TENCHI
Ayeka, oh Ayeka.

Tenchi moves to her side and takes her right hand in his right hand.

He holds her face with his left hand.

Tenchi kisses her.

He moves his mouth near her ear.

TENCHI
My love.  Stay with me my love.  There will be more children in our future, 
but now I need you.  I love you Ayeka.  I love you.

AYEKA
Ten...  Chi...

Tenchi looks down at Ayeka's peaceful, sleeping, face.

Tears run from his eyes falling on her face.

He moves back to whisper in her ear.

TENCHI
Ayeka my love.

EXT. Rubble that was Tenchi's house - DAY

Washu sits on the floor slumped against her lab door.

Ryoko enters through the Rubble.

She is carrying an unconscious Ryo-Ohki in her cabit form.

RYOKO
Where's Tenchi?

Washu looks up.

WASHU
He's inside with Ayeka.  I think you should leave them alone for now.

RYOKO
How is Ayeka?

WASHU
She's in critical condition.  I don't know if she'll survive.

RYOKO
Ryo-Ohki gave everything she had to get us here.

WASHU
Take her to the old house to rest.

Ryoko nods her head.

She stands there looking at Washu.

WASHU
Ayeka lost the child.

Tears spring to Ryoko's eyes.

She sits down beside Washu.

RYOKO
How?

WASHU
She was cut in half by a beam weapon.

RYOKO
I saw the bodies.  What are they?

WASHU
Furrarizan.  I'm afraid there are many things I have not told you about 
yourself.

Ryoko sighs.

RYOKO
I understand mom.  It's hard to put a few thousand years into a 
conversation.

WASHU
I never meant for any of this to happen.

RYOKO
Don't blame yourself mother.  I've finally let go of the fact that billions 
died by my hand.  I'll always remember it, but it no longer haunts my sleep.

WASHU
That's only one thing that still pains me.  Your childhood was stolen and I 
did nothing to stop it.

Ryoko sits Ryo-Ohki in her lap and hugs Washu.

RYOKO
I forgave you for that mother.  It took me a long time to realize that you 
did all you could for me, and even longer to understand that you loved me.

They sit holding each other.

RYOKO
Where's Grandfather?

Washu starts crying again.

WASHU
He's on the hill burying his great grandson.

RYOKO
Are you going to be okay if I leave you here?

WASHU
Yes.  I'm waiting for Sasami and Tsunami.

Ryoko kisses Washu.

RYOKO
I'm going to take Ryo-Ohki to Sasami's old room and then visit Grandfather.

WASHU
Okay daughter.

Ryoko stands holding Ryo-Ohki.

She disappears.

EXT. Hill above temple - DAY

Grandfather sits on the ground leaning against Itsuki's gravestone.

He is drinking sake.

Ryoko appears before him.

GRANDFATHER
Hello Ryoko.

RYOKO
Hello Grandfather.  I want to help.

GRANDFATHER
I need two granite stones about the same size as these.

Grandfather motions toward the other graves.

RYOKO
Where?

GRANDFATHER
The bottom of the cliff has good granite.

Ryoko nods her head and disappears.

Grandfather continues to drink his sake.

EXT. Cliff bottom - DAY

Ryoko appears.

She forms her energy sword.

Her gems glow and the sword narrows hair thin and it glows a bright white.

She begins carving in the cliff face.

INT. Mihoshi's old room - DAY

Kiyone lies on the bed and Mihoshi sits next to her.

Mihoshi is holding Kiyone's hand.

Kazuhiko enters the room carrying a tray of noodle cups and tea.

KAZUHIKO
I saw Ryoko.

Mihoshi looks up at Kazuhiko.

KAZUHIKO
She dropped off Ryo-Ohki.  She said Ryo-Ohki was exhausted from the battle.  
Tenchi is with Ayeka right now.  Sasami and Tsunami haven't gotten back yet.

Mihoshi looks back at Kiyone.

KAZUHIKO
Don't worry.  She'll be all right as soon as Sasami gets back.

Kazuhiko sets the tray down on the desk.

KAZUHIKO
Please eat something.  You haven't had anything since we left that planet.

MIHOSHI
I'm not very hungry.

Kazuhiko sets a cup on her lap.

KAZUHIKO
Please Mihoshi.  I need you strong so that we can get through this.

Mihoshi again looks up at Kazuhiko.

She takes the cup and Kazuhiko lets go of it.

Kazuhiko sits at the desk and takes his own noodle cup.

He starts eating.

KAZUHIKO
You'll make me think you no longer like my cooking.

Mihoshi looks at the instant noodles and her face cracks a smile.

MIHOSHI
I'm sorry.  I'm just worried about what has happened.  It usually doesn't 
work out this way.

Mihoshi starts eating.

KAZUHIKO
Later when we look back on this I'm sure it worked out the best way 
possible.  Like Grandfather said it could have been much worse.  Everyone is 
alive to fight another day.

Mihoshi's face saddens.

MIHOSHI
Everyone except Tenchi and Ayeka's child.

Kazuhiko's face saddens.

KAZUHIKO
I have to think that it was meant to be.  It's the only way to accept what 
happened.

MIHOSHI
Yes, but it's hard to accept.

Kazuhiko nods his head.

Both return to eating their food in silence.

EXT. Hill above temple - DAY

Grandfather sits leaning against Itsuki's gravestone.

A half bottle of sake sits next to him.

Ryoko appears with a granite block in each hand.

She sets one down at the head of the new grave.

It has a niche carved in it.

She sets the second block on top fitting snugly in the niche.

GRANDFATHER
That's beautiful workmanship.

RYOKO
I had cause.

GRANDFATHER
Join me?

Ryoko nods her head.

Grandfather pours her some sake.

An elderly man makes his way up the hill.

He is carrying a cloth bag.

Grandfather stands and bows low.

GRANDFATHER
Greetings Master Carver.

MASTER CARVER
Greetings Katsuhito, young lady.

RYOKO
Hello.

MASTER CARVER
Are you Tenchi's wife?

Ryoko nods her head.

MASTER CARVER
I always knew the boy would do well.

The Master Carver moves over to the new grave.

MASTER CARVER
A beautiful block of granite.  The craftsmanship is excellent.  Where did 
you get it?

GRANDFATHER
The young lady, Ryoko, brought it.  She prepared it herself.

MASTER CARVER
You have a master's hand young lady.  Who's in the grave?

GRANDFATHER
Tenchi's unborn son.

MASTER CARVER
I share your grief young lady.

RYOKO
The child wasn't mine.

MASTER CARVER
Yet you mourn his passing.

Ryoko bristles.

RYOKO
Is there something wrong with that?

MASTER CARVER
No, it shows that your inner beauty is as bright as your outer beauty.  You 
have a pure soul young lady.

Ryoko is taken back by the comment.

Grandfather hands the old man a cup of sake.

The old man takes the cup and sets it down on top of the stone.

He sits in front of the stone, and unwraps his cloth bag.

Inside the bag are his tools.

He begins carving on the stone.

GRANDFATHER
Some more Ryoko?

Ryoko holds out her cup and Grandfather refills it.

EXT. Rubble that was Tenchi's house - DAY

Washu sits on the floor leaning against her lab door.

Sasami and Tsunami walk in through the rubble.

WASHU
You're in time.

SASAMI
Ayeka?

WASHU
She's injured beyond my abilities to cure.

Sasami's eyes glisten with tears.

TSUNAMI
We will do what we can.

Washu nods her head.

WASHU
Tenchi is with her right now.

SASAMI
Ryoko?

WASHU
She's with Grandfather.

TSUNAMI
I saw the bodies as we walked in.  Do you know what they are Little Washu?

WASHU
Furrarizan.

TSUNAMI
I have never heard of them.

WASHU
That's not surprising.  They're not from this galaxy, and we don't have the 
time for explanations.

Washu moves to one side of the door.

Sasami takes Tsunami's hand.

They both enter the lab.

INT. Washu's lab - DAY

Ayeka is on the hospital bed with Tenchi sitting next to her.

Tenchi's face is along side Ayeka's

Tsunami and Sasami enter the room.

Sasami takes in a sudden breath when she sees Ayeka.

Tenchi looks up at the two of them.

TSUNAMI
We will take care of her Tenchi.  There is nothing for you to do here.

TENCHI
I don't want to leave her.

SASAMI
Please Tenchi.  You have to trust us.

Tenchi lets go of Ayeka's hand.

He walks over to Sasami and hugs her.

TENCHI
I love you Sasami.  I trust you with my life, and the lives of my wives.

Tenchi lets go of Sasami and leaves the room.

Tsunami moves over next to the bed.

TSUNAMI
You are strong Ayeka.  The blood of Jurai flows true in you.

Sasami moves to the other side of Ayeka.

SASAMI
I love you sister.

Tsunami and Sasami look at each other.

They hold hands over Ayeka.

EXT. Rubble that was Tenchi's house - DAY

Washu sit on the ground next to the lab door.

The door opens and Tenchi steps out.

He sits next to Washu and wraps an arm around her.

TENCHI
We can only wait now.

WASHU
She made it this far; she'll make it all the way.

TENCHI
Have you seen Ryoko?

WASHU
She's with Grandfather.

Tenchi studies Washu.

WASHU
They're on the hill burying your son.

Tenchi closes his eyes.

TENCHI
Thank you Little Washu.  I believe I'll join them.

Tenchi gives Washu a quick squeeze and stands.

He walks off through the rubble.

INT. Washu's lab - DAY

Tsunami and Sasami stand over Ayeka.

Both are leaning on the bed.

Ayeka's body is whole under the sheet.

SASAMI
We've healed her body.

TSUNAMI
Yes, it is her spirit that concerns me now.

SASAMI
My sister is strong.

Tsunami nods her head.

TSUNAMI
She will need Tenchi, Ryoko, and you to make it through this.

SASAMI
We'll be there for her.  We love her with all of our body, heart, and soul.

TSUNAMI
I am tired.  That took more than I thought.

Both move to the end of the bed.

They lean on each other as they exit the room.

EXT. Rubble that was Tenchi's house - DAY

Washu sit on the ground next to the lab door.

The door opens and Tsunami and Sasami step out leaning against each other.

Washu stands.

TSUNAMI
We have done all we can for her.

WASHU
It isn't over yet.  Kiyone is at the old house.  She was badly beaten by the 
Furrarizan, and Ryo-Ohki is recovering in your old room Sasami.

Tsunami and Sasami look at each other.

They sigh and nod their heads.

SASAMI
We're going to the house to rest anyway.  We'll take care of Kiyone.

Tsunami and Sasami walk out through the rubble still leaning on each other.

Washu enters her lab.

EXT. Hill above the temple - DAY

The Master Carver sits with his back to new gravestone.

The cup of sake still sits on top.

Grandfather and Ryoko sit in front of him.

Two empty bottles of sake lay on the ground beside Grandfather,

He opens a new bottle.

Tenchi comes up the hill.

MASTER CARVER
Hello Tenchi.

TENCHI
Hello sir.

GRANDFATHER
This is the Master Carver.  He is working on your son's gravestone.

Tenchi bows low.

TENCHI
I thank you.

MASTER CARVER
I need a name for the child.

TENCHI
Niten.

Grandfather's eyes go wide.

GRANDFATHER
Why?

TENCHI
He was both Jurai and Earth.  He now resides in both heavens.  Are you 
familiar with the name Grandfather?

The Master Carver turns around and goes to work on the stone.

Grandfather nods his head.

GRANDFATHER
It was long ago.  A story from my past.  Would you like some sake?

TENCHI
Yes please.

Grandfather fills a new cup and refills Ryoko's and his.

Tenchi drinks it down and holds out his cup for more.

INT. Mihoshi's old room - DAY

Kiyone lies on the bed with Mihoshi siting beside her.

Mihoshi holds Kiyone's hand.

Kazuhiko sits at the desk.

A knock at the door.

Kazuhiko stands up and walks over to the door.

He opens it.

KAZUHIKO
Please come in.

Mihoshi turns her head to watch Sasami and Tsunami enter the room.

Both move to the side of the bed opposite Mihoshi.

Sasami holds Tsunami's right hand in hers.

She places her left hand on Kiyone's brow.

The bruises fade from Kiyone's body.

SASAMI
Her body is healed.  Now she needs rest.  When she wakes up she'll need a 
friend.

Tears leak from Mihoshi's eyes.

KAZUHIKO
We'll be here for her Sasami.  Thank you.

Kazuhiko holds the door open for them as they leave.

He walks over to Mihoshi and places his hands on her shoulders.

KAZUHIKO
Kiyone has no better friend than you, Mihoshi.

MIHOSHI
You'll stay with me?

KAZUHIKO
To the end of time.

EXT. Hill above the temple - DAY

The Master Carver is working on the stone.

Tenchi, Ryoko, and Grandfather sit nearby.

Three empty sake bottles lay next to Grandfather.

An open bottle is next to him.

RYOKO
How's Ayeka?

TENCHI
She's in Sasami's hands now.  She's strong and that will see her through.

Ryoko begins crying.

Tenchi hugs her.

RYOKO
I know how much you wanted this child.

TENCHI
My son...

Tenchi closes his eyes and clenches his hands.

TENCHI
I...  I'll think of him later.  For now the three of you are the most 
important thing to me.  You three are my life.

RYOKO
You have accepted Sasami as one of us?

Tenchi looks into Ryoko's eyes.

TENCHI
Yes.  I was going to ask her to marry me.  Then all of this happened.

RYOKO
Ask her Tenchi.  For both Ayeka and me you have to ask her.

Tenchi nods his head.

TENCHI
As soon as Ayeka is awake we'll discuss it together.

RYOKO
Good.  I love you Tenchi.

TENCHI
Thank you Ryoko.  That means everything to me.

The Master Carver stands.

He takes the cup of sake from the top of the stone.

MASTER CARVER
I dedicate this to the powers in heaven.  May his soul find peace.

He pours the cup over the grave.

The Master Carver turns and hands the cup to Grandfather.

MASTER CARVER
I pray that I be taken before I have to carve another stone on this hill.

Grandfather hands the Master Carver an envelope.

He takes it.

MASTER CARVER
Are you still helping the needy?

Grandfather nods his head.

MASTER CARVER
Then please take this small donation to help those less fortunate than me.

He hands back the envelope and Grandfather takes it.

The old man makes his way down the hill.

Tenchi stands and moves over to the grave.

TENCHI
Niten, on the 3431st day of Emperor Akihito, was brought to Earth on a 
mission of love.  He departed Earth this day having written love in our 
hearts.

Ryoko moves up behind Tenchi and lays her hand on his shoulders.

Tenchi pours his cup of sake on the grave.

Ryoko pours hers over the grave.

Both hand their cups to Grandfather and follow the old man down the hill.

Grandfather pours his cup on the grave.

He empties the bottle over the three graves.

Grandfather kneels in front of Itsuki's grave in prayer.

EXT. Slope of the hill above the temple - DAY

The old man slowly makes his way down the hill.

Tenchi and Ryoko catch up with him.

TENCHI
Master, if you wish, I would carry you to the bottom.

The old man stops and looks at Tenchi.

MASTER CARVER
You've grown into a fine man.  I'll accept your offer.  This body is not as 
young as it once was.

Tenchi lets the man climb on his back.

The three of them continue down the hill.

TENCHI
Your work betrays you.  Both your spirit and your hands are still young.  
Did you carve the other two stones?

The old man nods his head.

MASTER CARVER
Yes.  Both of those beautiful women died young.  They gave all they had for 
their children.  Sorry, I didn't mean to speak out of turn.

TENCHI
I know that my mother died so that I might live.  She's in my heart and will 
always be with me.

The old man nods his head again.

MASTER CARVER
She could have no better place to live.

Ryoko drops back a bit as tears run from her eyes.

FADE OUT:

THE END

