DISCLAIMER : Tenchi Muyo and its characters are copyright of AIC and
Pioneer.They aren't mine.

By Ronnie L. Hill Jr.( aka Nephlym) at   nephlym@topseven.com
[Spelling checked by Quick Spell Free Trial Version  at
http://www.fornada.com/html/home.html ]

WARNING (Rated R) : This story contains Violence,sexual acts,and adult
langage.Please do not read if you are under 18 or find such things
offencive.

NOTE ON TIME LINE :  The girls begain arriveing in early sping of 1996.And
the story is set in a combination of the OAV , TV , and the movies.

                            TENCHI MUYO : NEW STAR  RISING
                                    PART ONE : FAMILY TIES

               June 19,2001
Masaki lake,Okayama Japan

     As the large Tree Ship slowly descended,Tenchi watched in
irritation.Not long ago the Emperor had brought Seriyou here to Earth to
fight Tenchi,and now he was asking for Tenchi and the others to protect the
moron.Though Tenchi would never allow himself to be rude enough to say it
aloud.He secretly thought that the universe would be better off if the
assassins were able to kill the fool.

    When the royal family beamed down from the ship,Ayeka and Sasami ran to
meet their mother Misaki.Tenchis' grand father however took his time
walking out to meet his mother Funaho.It looked as though Seriyou had
remained on the ship for a moment,then the Emperor turned around and shoved
the idiot out in the open saying,"You are a member of one of Jurais' most
powerful Families.Now act like it."

   Tenchi fought back the urge to laugh but Mayuka and Ryoko did so
openly.Seriyou spluttered and flushed as he screamed,"Stop laughing at
me.None of you know what has been happening to me."then quickly struck an
arrogant pose,and said,"The Assassins that are after me are the very
best.Of course only a fool would have sent anything but the best after
someone of my great ability."

   Mayuka giggled and started saying,"Wow daddy.He really is full
of..."Tenchi just did manage to spin around and cover his daughters mouth
before she finished her sentence.He whispered in a voice so low only she
could hear him,"I know he is an ass,but please don't offend him while Ayeka
and Sasamis' parents are here."Mayuka nodded so he let her go.She wrinkled
her nose and said,"But he really is full of crap isn't he."Tenchi chuckled
quietly,and took her hand.That would keep her quiet for a bit.

                                                      *   *   *   *

    High upon a hill,two figures sat behind a cloaking field.One was a tall
man with the build of a Pro Fighter.The other was a short female with an
athletic build.Both were dressed in Cobalt Black jump suits and matching
helmets.The female fidgetted with her hands as she excitedly said,"Come
on.He is right there.You can nail him from here with the rifle."

    The man shrugged and said,"If that is the way you want it,but I thought
you wanted to kill him."The girl stood up and stamped her feet saying,"Damn
it Kinada.I didn't screw up the last time because I wanted to."The man
looked back over his shoulder and said,"I know Yamika.If I thought for a
minute that you weren't really trying to kill him last time,I would have
killed you both."

   Yamika flopped down to the ground and popped off her helmet before
saying,"I really was trying.But that jerk was just to agile.Every time I
thought I had him,he would duck behind another of his men."Removing his on
helmet,Kinada smiled and said,"At least we got rid of the Good Doctor
already."

   Yamika beamed at his words.And smiled at the older man with a twinkle in
her eyes. She had done good getting into the doctors lab while Kinada flew
over head blowing up random building to distract the security personal.With
the doctor out of the way,there never would be any Planet Bombs.Now the
only thing left to do ways to kill Seriyou.But with him being brought here
to Earth to be protected by Kinadas' family in this time,it would be
difficult.

   Raising his binoculars back to his eyes,Kinada looked back down at the
gathering below. After a short moment he settled down on his rump and
handed them to Yamika.While she was looking at the group of unsuspecting
people below,he pulled out a holo-pic of himself and Mayuka and sat looking
at it.

   Both he and Yamika had to wear inclusion bands while she was busy
killing the doctor.Had they not,they would have faded away into the mists
of time.But that only meant one thing to him. He would never get to see his
Mayuka again.The one in this time would never love him as she had.Yamika
hummed then said,"Wow.Mayuka in this time doesn't look much younger than
the one from our time."Kinada idly said,"She has more Juraian blood in her
than I do.That is why I could never learn to use the Jurai Power.I think
that was one thing my father held against me."

    Yamika sat down by his side and said,"Was it really that bad?"Kinada
shrugged and said,"I guess I would have had an easier time with my father
if I had been born to Ayeka or Ryoko. Poor Mayuka was set aside as well.Dad
never did have much to do with either of us after Ayeka and Ryoko began
haveing his kids."Yamika drew her legs close to her chest and wrapped her
arms around them before saying,"That sucks.My parents died while I was a
baby,  but I would at least like to believe that they would have treated me
good."

    Kinada grinned at her as he said,"Man.You really know how to stop a guy
from pitying himself don't you?"Yamika blinked and said,"Humm...What did I
do?"Standing up he reached out his hand to help her up and said,"Doesn't
matter.We have each other now."Yamika looked at his hand a moment,then took
hold of it saying,"Fine.But I'm not going to call you daddy."He laughed and
started back to the clearing that they had left the 3201 in.Plans had to be
made,and Yamika needed a few quick lessons on how to corner her prey.

                                                      *   *   *   *

    By the time her parents had left,Ayeka was well beyond the point of
wanting to strangle Seriyou herself.Damn the man if the assassins came for
him.They could have him.Sinking slowly into the onsen,she tried to let go
of all her anger and frustration,but wasn't having any luck.The image of
her hands wrapped firmly around Seriyous' prissy little neck just wouldn't
leave her be.

    Strong hands grabbed her shoulders and began kneeding them.Slowly all
her tension left her as those all so familiar hands did their work.Without
looking up,she said,"Miss Ryoko.At times I think you should be awarded the
title of Saint."Ryoko chuckled and said,"No way Princess.I don't want
anyone knowing I have a soft side."Quickly standing and spinning
around,Ayeka reached around Ryoko and grabbed both butt cheeks saying,"I
not only know you have a soft spot,but I also know where it is."Ryoko
laughed loudly before saying,"Feeling a bit frisky are we?"and kissing her
passionately.

    After a few minutes of their little game,they settled into the onsen
holding one another in the steaming water.They had done well over the past
five years to hide their relationship.But for some reason,Ayeka wished that
they could tell all of creation.She knew there was no way of doing so.She
was part of the Royal family and Ryoko a space pirate slash demon.Not even
on Juari would such a thing be tolerated.And Juraians did except Female to
female relationships, even between family members.Ryoko would just be seen
as beneath Ayeka.

   Ryoko saw the look on Ayekas' face and nudged her saying,"Hey stop
thinking about it.We have talked about this for the past five years.We
can't just come right out and tell everyone.It would ruin both of us."Ryoko
grinned wickedly before adding,"Now if I were to marry Tenchi, that would
make me a princess.Then we could be as open as we liked."

    Ayeka blustered for a moment then said,"You marry my Tenchi.I think
not.Lord Tenchi needs someone with a gentle touch.Someone who can guide him
in the right directions.And someone who can discipline him when he needs
it."Ryoko grabbed her by the arm and pulled her back to her set as she
said,"Put down the whip Ayeka.Your horns are showing again.""My
what?"Shouted Ayeka as she leapt from the water.

   Ayeka snatched up her towel and stomped toward the door saying,"How dare
you say something like that about me,you,you,you devil woman."Ryoko
practically howled with laughter before shouting,"What's wrong
Princess?Can't take the truth?"Seizing a piece of decorative soap,Ayeka
flung it at Ryoko who dodged it with ease and barked another laugh as she
said, "Wow Ayeka.And you through like a girl as well."Ayeka screamed,"I
have had enough!" and the real fight broke out.

                                                    *   *   *   *

    An explosion from the floating onsen caught Yamika and Kinadas'
attention.Yamika said, "What was that?"Kinada grinned and said off
handedly,"Lovers spat."then pulled the girl back around to face him so he
could finish adjusting her collar.Yamika still looked a bit confused so he
said,"I can't explain it to you right now.But if you keep your eyes
open,you will see what that explosion was all about."

    Yamika shifted uneasily in her new sneakers saying,"Tell me again why I
have to wear these things."Kinada smiled at her and said,"Number one.It is
the common dress for girls your age on this world.Number two.It will allow
you freedom of movement."She lifted the almost to short skirt and said,"And
why this short?"with a disgusted look on her face.Kinada grinned like a
wolf as he said,"Number three.The men will be to worried about looking or
not looking at your pretty little legs,and the girls so jealous of
them,that none of them will stop to think that you might just be Seriyous'
assassin."

   Pulling two ribbons from his pocket,he tied her hair up into pig tails
just like Sasami wore when she was younger.Yamika looked on the verge of
screaming.So he told her,"Sasami and Mayuka won't worry about your legs,and
I don't believe that Mihoshi will either.So we need to make you look
innocent."She stomped her foot and said,"Fine then you wear this get up.I
feel like an idiot."He grinning he said,"Well you have my juices
flowing."She smacked his face saying,"Pervert."but didn't hit him hard
enough for it to even sting.At least she was getting the hang of her roll.

                                                   *   *   *   *

    It was nearly dark when Tenchi and his father noticed the you blue
haired girl coming toward the house.Tenchi couldn't help but notice how
short her skirt was,and how long her shapely legs were.When she reached
them,his father asked,"Can we help you young lady?"With a perverted grin on
his face.The girl smiled sweetly saying,"Yes please.I seem to be lost."she
looked at Tenchi as his nose began to bleed asking,"Are you okay?"

      Tenchi pinched his nose and said in a strained voice,"Yes.Of
course.It just happens when I get excited."then turned red as he realized
he had said more than he had wanted. The girl looked confused as she
asked,"What got you so excited?I don't see much to get that excited over."
Katsuhito stepped out onto the porch gave her a big smile as he said,"I
think it may have something to do with your skirt."

    The girl lifted her skirt and stared at it a moment before saying,"But
I don't see anything wrong with it."Tenchis' eyes were ready to pop out of
his head and his nose was gushing.The two older men were grinning like
maniacs with fogged up glasses.Noboyuki spoke excitedly saying,"Nope.There
is nothing wrong with that skirt."Katsuhito hummed before adding,"I have to
agree.That is a very nice skirt."Then elbowed Tenchi who bobbed his head
saying,"Unhuh unhuh unhuh."

   Around the corner,Kinada stifled his laughter as he tapped a few buttons
on his left gauntlet, then vanished.If he didn't already know Yamika,he
would bought into her brainless bimbo act with the others.And by the way
she was hamming it up,he could tell she was having fun with it. That was
good.He had been pushing her so hard for the past three months that she
hadn't had much time for fun.

    Yamika was as good a pilot as he was,but she lacked the combat skills
he had.She had to learn a lot more if she was to be his complete equal.That
was fine.She was a full blooded Juraian.One day she would be the greatest
fighter pilot ever as well as the best hand to hand fighter.But that was
all for later.Yamika was doing her part,so Kinada had to finish his.All he
had done so far was to rig the house,and use a remote to shut down those
two wooden gaurdians.Neither exited in his time because they had been
returned to the Humanoid bodies.

   Reaching into the bag inside his flight suit,he pulled out a fresh
carrot.He had hand picked this one from the garden because it was the
biggest and juiciest.He didn't like the idea of what he was about to do,but
if Ryo-ohki remained awake,she would have the instinct to know that Yamika
was more than just a young dumb girl.

   After he tied a string to the carrot,he searched around the yard until
he found the right bush and waited as Ryo-ohki entered his view.He tossed
the carrot out to her and waited for her to charge after it.When the cabbit
was nearly on top of her prize,he began pulling it back toward the
bush,leading her to him.When she was on the other side of the bush he let
her have her carrot,and waited for her to fall asleep.

   The drug he had used on the carrot was the same one that Juraians used
to ease colicy babies to sleep.So the cabbit would sleep well for a few
hours and wake up completely rested.With that done,he picked her up and
carried her with him as he entered the house.Once inside he laid her on a
pillow in the living room and went into Washus' lab.

    The little red head was right where he thought she would be.Sitting in
front of her holo top working.When he was half way to her she turned and
looked directly at him and said,"I may not be able to see you but I know
you are there."Kinada shut off the cloaking device with a grin then raised
his hands saying,"Busted."

    Washu hopped off her floating pillow and walked around him once looking
his jump suit over.After making a complete circle around him she looked up
at him and said,"Odd.This looks like one of my designs."He smiled at her as
he rolled up his sleeve and walked to a small table with various scalpels
and needles.He grabbed a fresh one and used it to draw out a sample of his
blood as he said,"My suit should look familiar to you.You are the one who
designed it for me and the other Black Hawk Pilots."

    As she took the blood sample from him,she said,"Black Hawk.But I only
just recently made up a ruff plan for it."Pulling one of the other seats
from nearby,he sat down and watched her as she started work on the
sample.Over powering her would be easy for him.He knew all her tricks,and
all the ones she would come up with in the next thirty two years.But that
wouldn't be nearly as much fun.

    As data began to come up about his blood she asked,"And just what
should I be looking for in this sample."He barked a laugh and said,"Proof
of who my parents are for one.Don't worry about my mother.She lives in
Texas at the moment."Seconds later Washu looked at him and said,"So you are
Tenchis' son.And I take it you are from the future.Why come to me?Did you
just want me to confirm that you were his?"

   Kinada frowned as he said,"I could careless what that man thought of
me."Then went silent as he composed himself before adding,"No Washu.I just
wanted you to know who was getting the better of you,and that I don't
intend to harm you of course."She looked at him with a questioning look on
her face as she said,"And just how are you going to do that?This is my lab
after all."

    He grinned again as he grabbed her feet and pulled her to him
saying,"No matter.I will not only best you.But you will help me do it."She
planted her hands on her pillow to brace herself as he rubbed her feet and
said,"Sounds like a grand challenge.But can you pull it off?"He closed his
eyes as the charge ran through his hands and up through her legs,then
said,"By not grounding yourself."

   Washu lay on her pillow with only her eyes able to move as he picked her
limp body up and placed it on a lab bed.Before going any further he went
back to the hollo top and typed a few keys,then said,"I just shut down the
security devices you brought online before confronting me. You are going to
lie their for a few hours and rest.The device I just used on you blocks the
nerves from your brain that control motor functions."

   Before he left her,he kissed her forehead and said,"I'm sorry about this
Washu.But I can't let you get in the way.Seriyou has to die."Washus' eyes
went wide as the horror of the situation set in.She began to cry silently
as he left.He would check on her when the job was done.But he had to go
distract four others so that Yamika could do her job.

                                                   *   *   *   *

   Katsuhito knew that there was something odd about the girl Yamika.But
couldn't quiet put his finger on what.He followed as Tenchi led her into
the house and into the living room.The moment she saw Seriyou sitting on
the sofa flipping through the channels,she squealed excitedly and said,"Ohh
wow.He has pink hair.That is so awsome."Seriyou looked at her a moment then
smiled wolfishly as he stood and introduced himself.

   The two chatted for a few minutes as Seriyou attempted to impress the
young girl.Katsuhito was so distracted by the scene that he nearly didn't
notice Washus' door open then quickly close again.He decided he would have
to go in and talk with her later.She had barely step out side the lab since
Seriyou had arrived.If Katsuhito could have gotten away with staying away
from the fop,he would have done so.

    It was like someone had flipped a light switch.One moment Yamika was
talking to Seriyou with a sweet smile on her face,and the next she was
kicking the fool in the head with the look of a lioness that had just
downed its prey.Noboyuki twitched and fell to the floor with his eyes still
open and looking around.Then Mayuka howled and went limp as well.

   From out of no where a deep male voice said,"Damn it.The power cell went
dead.Kill him quick.I am going to have to do this the hard way."Yamika
frowned and said,"Kinada you butt head,I wanted to take my time."Katsuhito
was already on his way to help Seriyou,but he ran head long into a large
solid unseen object.The last thing he saw was a huge man that looked a bit
liked he did when he was still known as Yosho,before the giant planted his
fist between his eyes.

                                                   *   *   *   *

    Upstairs,Ayeka and Ryoko heard the noise from below and started for the
first floor.Aeyka was thrown across the room and paralyzed as she grabbed
the door knob.Then Ryoko started to phase through the floor but got an inch
into it and was thrown out of it as she screamed and fell limply to the
floor.Mean while hidden in her room,Sasami slept soundly.The drug that
Kinada had put in her tea had done the trick.She would never know the
horror that was happening in the living room.No one was left to save
Seriyou besides Tenchi.

   And right at that moment,Tenchi was staring at one of the biggest men he
had ever seen.He moved toward where Yamika was beating the hell out of
Seriyou,but was blocked by the big man.The huge maniac was smiling as he
hit Tenchi with enough force to knock the wind from him.His fists were like
hammers.

   While Tenchi tried to force the air back into his lungs,the big man
smiled as he said,"I would like to say that this wasn't something
personal.But that would be a lie.I am going to have a ball handing you your
nuts little man.You put me through hell all my life,now it's time for some
pay back."When Tenchi could breath again he said,"What do you mean?I have
never met you before."

   The man unzipped his jump suit and pulled it down where he could tie the
arms around his waist.Yamika stood watching with one foot on the floor and
the other on Seriyous' back as she said,"Kinada.Don't kill him.You will
regret it if you do."Kinada snorted then said,"I don't want to kill
him.Just give him some idea of what it was like to be his son."

   Tenchi was dumb founded.He asked,"Are you saying that you are my
son?"Which gained him a solid blow to the jaw.The man was faster than
Tenchi had ever imagined any one could be.It was as if the man was moving
at normal speed and Tenchi in slow motion.The man pulled off his undershirt
and revealed row after row of rippling muscles under dark skin.

   There were several long nasty scars on the mans body.He pointed to one
long jagged one on his shoulder as he said,"You gave me this one when I was
six,because I didn't raise my training sword quick enough."then stepped
closer to Tenchi as he pointed to another scar.He had so much anger in his
eyes as he said,"You gave me this gift when you found out that Mayuka and I
were lovers."Tenchi looked down at his helpless daughter and said,"But if
you are my son she would be your sister."

    The man growled as he flexed his huge muscles then punched a support
beam shattering it into splinters before screaming,"I was raised on Jurai
you moron!"Tenchi could see that things were getting ready to get real
nasty,so he pulled out the sword key and ignited it.The big man didn't seem
at all impressed by the energy blade as he closed the distance between
them.Tenchi backed away saying,"If I am your father,I did what I did to you
because I wanted you to be strong."The man chuckled with hate then said
sarcasticly,"Well pop,I am strong.Would you like to see how strong?"

    There was a sharp snap from the other side of the room.Tenchi looked
and saw that Seriyous' head was laying in an odd way.The girl had broken
his neck,and was now heading to get between the big guy and Tenchi.She
stepped right in front of the man and planted her hands on his chest
saying,"Come on Kinada.I killed Seriyou see.The job is done.Time to shift
back into buddy gear."The man looked at Tenchi for a moment then let out a
deep breath and said, "You are right.This Tenchi isn't the same person my
father was."Then turned and walked past  Kiyone and Mihoshi,both with their
blasters pointed at the big man.

   Tenchi let the swords energy beam wink out as the man entered Washus'
lab.Kiyone looked at the dead body of Seiyou in the floor then turned to
Tenchi and said,"We just received an arrest warrant for Seriyou.Seems he
has been planning a rebellion.But someone ruined it for him a few weeks ago
when a woman assassinated a doctor working on some mysterious project."

   Yamika grinned as she said,"Doctor Otaka was building a dooms day
device.Kinada will give you the edited version of our records when he gets
back with Washu.He is feeling a bit guilty about having to knock everyone
out.But he has the stimulater in his pocket to get everyone on their feet
again.Pity about Gramps there.The damn stun gun went dead on Kinada before
he could get to him and Tenchi."

   A moment later the man,Kinada,came back with Washu smacking him on a
large arm, shouting about him tricking her.Kinada handed Washu a small
device then she started heading around the house removing the blockage from
everyone that keep them from moving.To Tenchis' surprise the man and Yamika
both stood in front of Kiyone and Mihoshi with their hands extended.Neither
wanted to fight now that Seriyou was dead.

   The two detectives removed the body,putting in a cold locker aboard the
Yagami.Then they arrested Kinada and Yamika and took them to GPHQ along
with Seriyous' body.The next day Washu sat staring at the new support beam
with Tenchi.She said quietly,"Kinada is amazing.I would have never believed
that a human could be that strong."Tenchi looked at her questioningly and
asked,"What do you mean human?He is or would have been my son right."

    Washu smiled and said,"Yes Tenchi.He is your son,and he is almost
completely human. His mother is right here from Earth.From a small town in
Texas.You know in the U.S."Tenchi punched the beam as hard as he could and
shook his aching hand as he said,"Another girl.No way.I have my hands full
with the ones I already have here with me."Tenchi looked at the new beam
and tryed to imagine just how strong Kinada had to be.And from the records
that he had given Washu and Kiyone,Tenchi in the future was six or seven
times as strong as Kinada.

   Mayuka sat down by his side and said,"Daddy,why did he hate you so
much?"It was washu that answered saying,"You father had a hard time dealing
with becoming the ruler of Jurai.It didn't help any that Kinadas' views
were opposed to your fathers."Mayuka looked at Tenchi with a curious look
on her face and said,"I wonder what he meant about he and I being lovers."
Tenchi groaned at those words then said,"Now that would upset me even if he
hadn't been your brother.And as big a jerk as I turned out to be,it is a
wonder Kinada and myself from the future hadn't killed one another."

                                                     *   *   *   *

  Outside,Ayeka watered the flowers while Ryoko sat nearby.Ayeka said,"Miss
Ryoko. What do you think of the idea of Tenchi not only marrying both of
us,but a human from here on Earth as well?"Ryoko shrugged then said,"You I
could handle,but as for that other woman...Lets just say that you would be
enough and leave it at that."Ayeka covered her mouth to giggle then
said,"Agreed.But I have to wonder what kind of person would actually fit
with us so well that we agreed to allow her to marry Tenchi."

   Ryoko sat up and said,"You know,I haven't thought of that way.Tenchi
could never get away with marrying anyone that we didn't approve of."She
smiled slightly and said,"She must be pretty special."then frowned as she
said,"I wonder what they will do to Kinada and that girl Yamika.I mean they
did everything they could to save us from having to live in their future."
Ayeka smiled slightly as she said, "I have the idea that my father is going
to have something to say about their punishment.It seems that he has spoken
to them both already.In fact my mother says that they are all pushing for
the two of them to be released.After all they didn't actually kill Seriyou
until after the Royal Warrant was issued."

    Ryoko raised an eyebrow and asked,"Why?They killed him.End of
story."Ayeka smirked and said,"That may be true for a warrant issued by the
courts,but a royal warrant allows for the arrestie to be killed dureing the
arrest,and Kinada is an royal officer from the future.So Kinada was just
doing his job.Yamika on the other hand will most likely be given a stiff
punishment for her actions as a rebel.Father will most likely make her
train under Kinada until it is seen that she is worthy of the same status
as Kinada.And from what the poor girl was saying before Kiyone and Mihoshi
took them away,that is one hell of a punishment."

                                                     *   *   *   *

     Noboyuki sat in his room rifling through old records until he found
the one he was searching for.It was an old album with show tunes from the
seventies.It was just part of his favorite fetish. Once he had it on the
record player,he reached into his top night stand drawer and pulled out the
pink panties Yamika had given him for him getting knocked out.He sniffed
the tiny things, and remembered how they had looked on Yamika.

    That young lady was really something.None of the other girls had even
given him such a nice present.And they still smelled like her.This was
enough to make his head swim.He put them over his head and began singing
along with the record.There was no resentment in him for the mess that had
taken place the day before.How could he possiblely stay mad at someone as
pretty as she was?

                                                    *   *   *   *

   Sitting in his cell,Kinada remembered the look of fear in Tenchis'
eyes.He knew that feeling.He had felt it himself on many occasions at his
fathers hand.That boy at the Masaki house may have been a Tenchi Masaki,but
he most certainly wasn't the same person Kinada knew and hated.It would be
hard getting past the fact that he looked so much like the man Kinada
loathed,but he would do it.Tenchi Masaki from his time would never come to
be.

                                                    *   *   *   *

Yet to come.
In Part Two : The Home Coming
   Kinada and Yamika are released from Jail,but are placed in the care of
the Masaki Family for a transition period of no less than three
months.Tenchi forces a confrontation with Kinada,but can they live in
peace?And what is this?Is Noboyuki getting lucky?