Pioneer owns the copyrights to Tenchi Muyo and to all the characters
there in.  I wish I owned them so I could be producing more anime.
Please see the prelude to this series for explanations on the screen
play annotations, and new character descriptions.

As with the OVA this is rated PG13 due to depictions of nudity, violence,
and sexual innuendo.

TENCHI MUYO SCREEN PLAY

By Zervon at zervon@hotmail.com

Episode Twelve

"Building a New Future"

TEASER

FADE IN:

INT. Mihoshi's old bedroom, Father's house - DAY (Monday, 8 June 1998:
7th Day, 4th Month)

Kiyone lies in bed, asleep, under a sheet.

Mihoshi sits on the bed next to her holding Kiyone's hand.

Mihoshi watches Kiyone intently.

Kazuhiko sits at the desk with his head resting on his arms, asleep.

Kiyone opens her eyes.

MIHOSHI
Kiiiyooooneeee!

Kazuhiko leaps to his feet and looks around.

Mihoshi wraps up Kiyone in a vice like hug.

Kiyone struggles in vain to get free.

Kazuhiko walks up behind Mihoshi

He places his hands on her shoulders and gives a gentle squeeze.

KAZUHIKO
Take it easy Mihoshi.  I don't want to have to bring Sasami back in
here.

Mihoshi releases Kiyone and starts crying.

MIHOSHI
I'm so sorry Kiyone.  I tried to get there as fast as I could.  I'm
sorry Kiyone.

KIYONE
Take it easy Mihoshi.  How did you know to get me?

Mihoshi is to busy crying to answer.

KAZUHIKO
We got your message.

KIYONE
What message?  I didn't send any message.

Kiyone wraps Mihoshi in a hug.

KIYONE
That doesn't matter.  It's all right Mihoshi.  Thank you for getting
me out of there.  Please stop crying.

Mihoshi sniffles a few times and stops crying.

MIHOSHI
Kiyone.

KIYONE
Mihoshi.

The two remain silent as they stare into each other's eyes.

KAZUHIKO
I'll get us something to eat.

Getting no response, Kazuhiko leaves the room.

INT. Kitchen, Father's house - DAY

Kazuhiko enters the kitchen.

Kazuhiko does a quick search of the cabinets.

He settles for three cups of ramen.

Kazuhiko fills a small pitcher with water and places it in the microwave.

He peals back the lids of the ramen cups.

After the microwave beeps he takes the water and adds some to each cup.

Putting the cups on a tray he leaves the room.

EXT. Near bus stop - DAY

Tenchi carries an old man on his back.

Ryoko walks a little behind the two.

Tenchi stops at the road.

MASTER CARVER
Thank you young man.  I can walk from here.

Tenchi set the man down.

Tenchi bows low.

TENCHI
You have done me a great service Master.  I thank you.

Ryoko bows low.

RYOKO
Thank you Master.

MASTER CARVER
You have a good man there.  Make sure you take care of him.

Ryoko grins.

RYOKO
You needn't worry about that.

MASTER CARVER
Farewell Tenchi.

The old man slowly moves off down the road.

Tenchi turns around and holds out a hand to Ryoko.

She takes it.

They kiss.

Together they walk back to Father's house.

FADE OUT:

END TEASER.



ACT ONE

FADE IN:

INT. Mihoshi's old bedroom, Father's house - DAY

Kiyone lies in bed under a sheet.

Mihoshi sits next to her holding Kiyone's hand.

They stare into each other's eyes.

Kazuhiko enters the room with a tray of noodle cups.

KAZUHIKO
Anyone hungry?

Mihoshi and Kiyone blink.

Both look at Kazuhiko.

Kazuhiko sets the tray down on the desk, and takes one cup.

He moves around the bed and sits next to Kiyone.

Kiyone visibly stiffens.

Kazuhiko stands back up.

KAZUHIKO
I'm sorry.  Here eat this.

KIYONE
Forgive me, it's just...

KAZUHIKO
No.  You don't have to apologize.  I can't begin to understand what you
went through.  Please just eat something.

Kiyone smiles and takes the cup.

Mihoshi touches Kiyone's face.

MIHOSHI
He's the one who carried you out of there.

Kazuhiko moves back to the desk and picks up another cup

He hands it to Mihoshi.

Kazuhiko picks up the last cup and moves to the door.

KIYONE
Please stay.

KAZUHIKO
Are you sure?

Kiyone nods her head.

Kazuhiko sits down at the desk and starts eating.

Both girls start eating their noodles.

INT. Kitchen, Father's house - DAY

Ryoko and Tenchi enter through the back door.

They each have their arm around their partner's waist.

TENCHI
All that sake on an empty stomach has me feeling light headed.  I need
to eat before I do anything else.

A quick search of the kitchen turns up nothing but ramen cups.

TENCHI
Better than nothing.  Ryoko can you see how many people are in the house?

RYOKO
Okay Tenchi.

Ryoko disappears.

Tenchi puts a pitcher of water in the microwave.

He leans back against the counter and closes his eyes.

Ryoko reappears.

She flies over to Tenchi and places her mouth next to his ear.

RYOKO
Tenchi.

Tenchi opens his eyes.

He turns his head and kisses Ryoko.

RYOKO
You used to jump out of your skin when I did that.

TENCHI
I'm too tired to jump now.

RYOKO
Sasami is in her old room with Tsunami and Ryo-Ohki.  All three are
sleeping.  The good news is Mihoshi, Kazuhiko, and Kiyone are upstairs
asleep.

Tenchi slaps his forehead.

TENCHI
I should have figured it out.  When I walked up to the temple I noticed
that the fields looked like they had been plowed and the forest was
blasted.  I thought it was the enemy that did it.  Now I see Mihoshi
sent them to hell.

RYOKO
She's one of a kind.

TENCHI
Yes she is.  Well let's get breakfast for everyone.

He gets a tray and nine noodle cups.

He peels back the lids and adds the hot water.

TENCHI
I think I'll eat mine now.  Do you want one?

RYOKO
Of course.  When have I turned down food?

Tenchi leans against the counter and eats his noodles.

Ryoko floats down to sit on the counter and eats her noodles.

When they finish Tenchi takes the tray and leaves the kitchen.

Ryoko follows close behind.

INT. Mihoshi's old room, Father's house - DAY

Kiyone lies sleeping on the bed under the sheet.

Mihoshi lies sleeping next to Kiyone on top to the sheet.

Kazuhiko sits at the desk with his head on his arms, asleep.

A knock at the door.

Kazuhiko looks up and stands.

He opens the door.

Ryoko immediately wraps him up in a big hug.

Tenchi moves around the two and sets the tray on the desk.

TENCHI
Good morning Kazuhiko.  I see you've already found the dish of the day.

Ryoko lets go of Kazuhiko.

Tenchi gives him a hug.

KAZUHIKO
Kiyone woke up about an hour ago.  I got us all something to eat then.

TENCHI
How are they?

KAZUHIKO
Mihoshi feels everything's her fault.  She destroyed Yukinojo getting
back here.  This is the first time she has gotten any sleep since we
left Earth.

RYOKO
She saved us all again.

Kazuhiko nods his head.

KAZUHIKO
Kiyone is okay physically.  They did some terrible things to her Tenchi.
She didn't speak about it while she ate.  I hope Mihoshi will help her
let go.

Tenchi's eyes turn cold.

TENCHI
They'll pay for their crimes.

Tenchi face softens.

He claps Kazuhiko on the shoulder.

TENCHI
I'm sure you could use some more to eat.

Kazuhiko chuckles.

KAZUHIKO
Yeah, I haven't changed too much.  I'll take a cup off your hands.

TENCHI
Will you take care of them?

KAZUHIKO
You don't have to worry about that Tenchi.  I'll not abandon either of
them.

TENCHI
Thank you my friend.  I still have others to feed, and it looks like you
could use some more sleep too.

KAZUHIKO
That desk doesn't make the most comfortable bed.

TENCHI
Pull out a futon from my old room.

Kazuhiko looks at the sleeping girls.

RYOKO
I'll get it.

Ryoko disappears.

KAZUHIKO
How's Ayeka?

TENCHI
I haven't gone to see her since Sasami got back.  I'm afraid to face her.

KAZUHIKO
Between you, Ryoko, and Ayeka there's enough love to endure anything.

Tenchi chuckles.

TENCHI
You've become quite the philosopher in your old age.

KAZUHIKO
I've found myself Tenchi.  I'm a happy man.  I won't let anything thrown
at me change that.

Ryoko reappears with the futon and covers.

She lays the futon out on the floor.

KAZUHIKO
Thank you Ryoko.

Ryoko smiles.

TENCHI
Take care, Kazuhiko.

Tenchi picks up the tray.

Ryoko opens the door.

Both leave closing the door behind them.

KAZUHIKO
Keep the faith Tenchi.  You have all your friends behind you.

Kazuhiko lays down on the futon and falls instantly asleep.

INT. Hallway in front of Sasami's old room, Father's house - DAY

Tenchi and Ryoko enter the scene.

Tenchi is carrying a tray with noodle cups.

RYOKO
What are you thinking?

TENCHI
I'm trying not to.

RYOKO
Kiyone is not the only one who needs to let go.

Tenchi's eyes turn cold again.

TENCHI
I will when I can, but not now.

Ryoko sighs.

She knocks on the door.

There is no response.

Ryoko opens the door and both go in.

INT. Sasami's old room, Father's house - DAY

Sasami and Tsunami sleep on futons.

Ryo-Ohki, in her cabit form, sleeps between them.

Tenchi enters and moves to the desk.

Ryoko follows behind and kneels over Sasami's head.

Tenchi sets the tray down and turns around.

Ryoko pinches Sasami's nose shut.

Sasami's eyes fly open as she gasps for breath.

Her mouth opens.

Ryoko covers it with her hand.

RYOKO
You don't want to wake Tsunami.

Sasami looks around.

SASAMI
I'm really tired.  What do you two want?

TENCHI
I bought you something to eat, and I'd like you to go with us when we
visit Ayeka.

SASAMI
Food does sound good.

Sasami sits up.

Ryoko hands her a kimono.

Sasami puts it on over her inner wrap.

Ryo-Ohki opens an eye and rolls over.

Tenchi hands her a noodle cup.

SASAMI
Breakfast?

TENCHI
This is my Father's house.

Sasami smiles and starts eating.

TENCHI
What happened after we left?

SASAMI
Not much.  We pursued them until they speed out of the system.

TENCHI
How's Ayeka?

SASAMI
Her body is fully healed.

Tenchi nods his head.

SASAMI
Only time will tell for the rest.

TENCHI
No time like the present.

Sasami finishes her noodles and stands.

Tenchi leaves one cup and takes the tray.

Tenchi, Ryoko, and Sasami leave the room.

INT. Father's house, Washu's lab door - DAY

Tenchi, Ryoko, and Sasami enter the scene.

Tenchi is carrying a tray with noodle cups.

Ryoko pushes on the door but it doesn't open.

TENCHI
Please take this.

Tenchi hands the tray to Ryoko.

He pushes on the door and it opens.

The three walk inside.

INT. Washu's lab - DAY

Ayeka lies on a hospital bed under a sheet.

An adult Washu sits on Ayeka's right side holding Ayeka's hand.

TENCHI (O.C.)
Good morning Little Washu.

Washu does not turn around.

WASHU
Good morning Tenchi.

SASAMI (O.C.)
Good morning Ms. Washu

Washu still does not turn around.

WASHU
Good morning Sasami

Pause for a five count.

Washu turns around.

INT. Washu's lab - DAY

Ayeka lies on a hospital bed under a sheet.

Washu sits next to her holding Ayeka's hand.

Tenchi, Ryoko, and Sasami stand near the entrance.

Ryoko is carrying a tray of noodle cups.

Washu is facing Tenchi, Ryoko, and Sasami.

WASHU
No good morning from you, daughter?

RYOKO
Good morning mother.

WASHU
You're wondering why?

Ryoko nods her head.

WASHU
You're the reason why.  You told me that you had forgiven me, but I
didn't feel forgiven.  Then you said that you had forgiven yourself.
That made me think.  The only person still alive that I needed to ask
forgiveness from was myself.

Tenchi takes the tray from Ryoko.

He sets it down on a table.

Ryoko walks up to Washu.

Washu lets go of Ayeka's hand and stands.

WASHU
So I did.  Now I'm free.

Ryoko hugs Washu.

Both become teary eyed.

Tenchi and Sasami walk up to Ryoko and Washu.

RYOKO
I love you mother.  It's good to have you back.

WASHU
It's good to be back.

Tenchi hugs Washu.

TENCHI
Welcome home Little Washu.

WASHU
Thank you Tenchi.  I don't think you have to call me little anymore.

TENCHI
If you don't mind I will keep on calling you Little Washu.  I love you
mother.

Tenchi kisses Washu lightly.

Washu blushes.

SASAMI
It is good to have you whole Ms. Washu.

Washu hugs Sasami.

Washu turns to look at Ayeka.

WASHU
I've kept Ayeka sedated while you were gone Tenchi.

Washu's keyboard appears and she types on it.

The keyboard disappears.

WASHU
She should wake up on her own now.

TENCHI
How is she?

WASHU
Physically she's fully restored.  I can't say anything beyond that.

Tenchi nods his head.

WASHU
I'll be going now.  Ryoko can reach me if you need me.

Washu walks toward the exit.

She takes two noodle cups on her way out.

Tenchi sits in the chair and takes Ayeka's right hand in his.

Ryoko settles in Tenchi's lap, and lays her head on his shoulder.

Sasami looks around and moves toward the exit.

TENCHI
Please stay Sasami.

SASAMI
Why?

TENCHI
I love you Sasami, and I need you to be with me now.

Sasami's eyes glisten.

She pulls a chair next to Tenchi and sits down.

Tenchi wraps his left arm around her and pulls her close.

Both Sasami and Ryoko close their eyes.

Tenchi stares intently at Ayeka.

INT. Grandfather's bedroom in the temple - DAY

Grandfather lies sleeping on his futon.

The bells ring out.

Grandfather awakens.

He gets out of bed wearing only his pants.

Grandfather walks over to the main door.

He opens the door.

GRANDFATHER
Hello Washu.

EXT. Front of temple - DAY

Adult Washu stands next to the bells.

Grandfather stands in the open doorway.

WASHU
Good morning Yoshou.

Grandfather changes to Yoshou.

Washu walks up the steps.

She wraps Yoshou in a big hug pushing him into the room.

Washu closes the door with her foot.

INT. Washu's lab - DAY

Ayeka lies on a hospital bed under the sheet.

Tenchi sits in a chair holding Ayeka's hand.

Sasami sits next to him with Tenchi's arm around her.

Ryoko sits in Tenchi's lap.

Sasami and Ryoko have their eyes closed.

Tenchi watches Ayeka.

Ayeka opens her eyes.

TENCHI
Good morning Ayeka.

Sasami and Ryoko open their eyes.

AYEKA
Good morning my love.

Ayeka moves her left hand down her body.

AYEKA
Tenchi...  I...

Tears spring to Ayeka's eyes.

Tenchi lets go of Sasami and Ayeka.

He stands with Ryoko.

Tenchi takes hold of Ayeka's face and kisses her.

TENCHI
Ayeka my love.  Everything will be all right.

AYEKA
But Tenchi our...

TENCHI
Our son.  Oh, Ayeka, our son!

Tenchi buries his face on Ayeka's chest.

Ayeka places both her hands over Tenchi's head.

Tenchi begins sobbing uncontrollably.

Sasami and Ryoko move in to hug them both.

FADE OUT:

END ACT ONE



ACT TWO

FADE IN:

INT. Grandfather's bedroom at the temple - DAY

An adult Washu lies on the futon under the sheet.

She opens her eyes and looks around.

She is alone.

WASHU (expressed as thought)
Oh well, the hunt continues.

She rolls back over and returns to sleep.

INT. Washu's lab - DAY

Ayeka lies in a hospital bed under a sheet.

Tenchi stands next to her with his face buried on Ayeka's chest.

Tenchi, while still crying, has stopped sobbing.

Ayeka holds him close.

Sasami and Ryoko gather around behind Tenchi.

Ryoko lifts Tenchi on to the bed beside Ayeka.

She picks both Ayeka and Tenchi up.

RYOKO
Hold onto me Sasami.

Sasami takes a hold of Ryoko's arm.

The four disappear.

INT. Master bedroom, Father's house  DAY

The room is empty.

Ryoko, Sasami, Tenchi, and Ayeka appear.

Ryoko is carrying Tenchi and Ayeka.

She sets them both down on the bed.

Ryoko starts removing Tenchi's shirt.

Sasami removes Tenchi's shoes and socks.

Ryoko takes off Tenchi's pants and Sasami covers him with Ayeka's sheet.

Ayeka holds Tenchi close.

Sasami kisses both of them.

Ryoko kisses both of them.

Ryoko and Sasami leave the room.

TENCHI
Ayeka...

AYEKA
Tenchi...

They hold each other as they drift off to sleep.

INT. Hallway, Father's house - DAY

Ryoko and Sasami stand in the hallway outside the master bedroom.

Ryoko does a big stretch and yawn.

Sasami yawns in turn.

RYOKO
I'm ready for bed.

Sasami nods her head.

SASAMI
My room?

RYOKO
Sounds good to me.

Ryoko and Sasami walk down the hall to Sasami's old room.

Both go in.

INT. Sasami's old room, Father's house - DAY

Tsunami still sleeps on the futon.

Ryo-Ohki, in her cabit form, sleeps next to her.

Ryoko phases out of her clothes and crawls in beside Ryo-Ohki.

Sasami drops her kimono and also crawls into bed next to Ryoko.

Both are soon asleep.

INT. Mihoshi's old bedroom, Father's house - DAY

Kiyone lies sleeping on the bed under the sheets.

Mihoshi lies sleeping next to her on top of the sheets.

Kazuhiko lies sleeping on a futon beside the bed.

INT. Close up Mihoshi and Kiyone - DAY

Mihoshi opens her eyes and looks at Kiyone.

A big grin appears on Mihoshi's face.

She sits up and climbs out of bed.

KAZUHIKO (O.C.)
Owww!

Mihoshi stumbles and falls out of the scene.

INT. Mihoshi's old bedroom, Father's house - DAY

Kiyone lies sleeping on the bed under the sheets.

Kazuhiko lies awake on a futon beside the bed.

Mihoshi lies on top of Kazuhiko.

MIHOSHI
I'm sorry.

Kazuhiko glances at the clock on the desk.

KAZUHIKO
And a good afternoon to you Mihoshi.  Did you get enough sleep?

Mihoshi kneels taking her weight off of Kazuhiko.

Mihoshi nods her head.

MIHOSHI
I'm hungry now.

KAZUHIKO
Why don't I go to the store?  You can stay here with Kiyone in case she
wakes up.

MIHOSHI
Okay, just one thing first.

KAZUHIKO
What's that?

Mihoshi squirms a bit.

MIHOSHI
Well...  I have to...  You know.

Mihoshi turns red.

Kazuhiko chuckles.

KAZUHIKO
Take care of your business; I'll wait here for you.

Mihoshi quickly stands and rushes from the room.

Kazuhiko shakes his head.

He gets up and puts on his jacket.

Kazuhiko sits at the desk to wait for Mihoshi.

Kiyone mumbles in her sleep.

Kazuhiko looks at her.

She settles down and returns to a peaceful sleep.

Mihoshi enters the room.

Kazuhiko smiles.

KAZUHIKO
Feeling better?

MIHOSHI
Yes.  I thought I was going...  Kazuhiko!

Kazuhiko chuckles.

KAZUHIKO
I'll go to the store and get some snacks, and something for dinner today
and breakfast tomorrow.

MIHOSHI
Can you get some American snacks?  I want something salty.

Kazuhiko nods his head.

KAZUHIKO
I'll be back soon.

Kazuhiko leaves the room.

Mihoshi sits on the bed next to Kiyone and takes her hand.

INT. Sasami's old bedroom, Father's house - DAY

Sleeping on the futons is Sasami, Ryoko, Ryo-Ohki in cabit form, and
Tsunami.

Tsunami opens her eyes and sits up.

She looks around.

Sasami opens her eyes and looks at Tsunami.

Tsunami disappears.

Sasami smiles and goes back to sleep.

EXT. Front of Father's house - DAY

Kazuhiko walks out of the house.

He looks over at the rubble that was Tenchi's house.

KAZUHIKO
Damn my car was over there.  I guess I'm walking.

Kazuhiko sighs.

He walks down the steps and out of the scene.

INT. Temple - DAY

Tsunami appears.

She looks around.

Tsunami enters Grandfathers bedroom.

INT. Grandfather's bedroom at the temple - DAY

Adult Washu lies sleeping on the futon covered by a sheet.

Tsunami stands in the open doorway.

Tsunami enters the room and closes the door.

She sits next to Washu.

TSUNAMI
Hello Washu, or should I say Big Washu now.

WASHU
You may say what you wish.  It no longer matters to me.

TSUNAMI
Really?

Washu rolls over and looks at Tsunami.

WASHU
I've found peace with my past.

TSUNAMI
And what of the Furrarizan?

WASHU
What do you want to know, and can it wait until we're all together?

TSUNAMI
It can wait.  What will we do about Yoshou?

WASHU
If Ayeka and Ryoko can work together to handle Tenchi I don't think we'll
have a problem with Yoshou.

TSUNAMI
Do you love him?

WASHU
What is love?  I could share the rest of his days.  What about you
goddess.  Do you love him?

TSUNAMI
Yes.

Washu rolls on her back and closes her eyes.

WASHU
I don't know if I can put my love in someone else.

TSUNAMI
What about your daughter.

Washu smiles.

She looks over at Tsunami again.

WASHU
That's a pain I'm willing to accept.  It was painful for the last two
years.  I love Ryo-Ohki too.  Ryo-Ohki loves everyone, but most of all
she loves Tenchi.

TSUNAMI
Why not just say it.

WASHU
I love Yoshou.  There are you happy now?

Tsunami reaches out and touches Washu's face.

TSUNAMI
Yes.

WASHU
So, as you say, what will we do about Yoshou?

TSUNAMI
Do you wish to marry him?

Washu sighs.

WASHU
No.  I just want to spend my life with him.  We'll never have children.
He's old fashioned and I'm afraid that if we marry he may cut you out
of his life.

Washu sits up holding the sheet over herself.

WASHU
And do you wish to marry him?

TSUNAMI
No, I was just looking for someone to take away my loneliness.

WASHU
Should we ask what he wants?

Tsunami laughs.

TSUNAMI
When did men figure out what they want?

WASHU
Tenchi has done well so far.

TSUNAMI
He is the exception.  How many times has he made you rewrite your
database?

Washu laughs.

WASHU
Almost every day.  Do you know where Yoshou went?

TSUNAMI
He is on top of the hill.

WASHU
I guess I should get dressed first.

INT. Kitchen, Father's house - DAY

The kitchen is empty.

Kazuhiko walks in carrying bags of groceries.

He unloads the bags into the refrigerator and cabinets.

Kazuhiko does a big stretch.

He starts preparing dinner.

INT. Sasami's old room, Father's house - DAY

Sasami and Ryoko sleep on the futons.

Ryo-Ohki sleeps next to Ryoko.

Ryo-Ohki awakens and changes into her girl form.

She pats Ryoko on the cheek.

Ryoko awakens.

Ryo-Ohki crawls over Ryoko to pat Sasami on the cheek.

Sasami awakens.

RYOKO
I think someone is hungry.

RYO-OHKI
Miya!

SASAMI
We need to go shopping.

Both Sasami and Ryoko get out of bed.

Ryoko phases on some cloths.

Sasami puts on a kimono

RYOKO
Tsunami is gone.

SASAMI
She got up earlier.  I think she's at the temple.

RYOKO
I hope mom and her can work things out.

The three move to the door and Sasami opens it.

She stops and breathes in the air.

SASAMI
Someone has gone shopping.

RYOKO
I'd put my money on Kazuhiko.

Sasami nods.

All three walk out of the room.

INT. Kitchen - DAY

Kazuhiko moves around the kitchen preparing dinner.

Sasami, Ryoko, and Ryo-Ohki walk in.

Ryo-Ohki starts dancing around the kitchen.

KAZUHIKO
Hello guys.

Sasami opens the refrigerator.

She pulls out a bunch of carrots for Ryo-Ohki.

SASAMI
Thank you for shopping.

KAZUHIKO
No big deal.

Ryoko walks over to the counter.

RYOKO
So what are you cooking?

KAZUHIKO
Sword fish, sweet potatoes, and snow peas.  The miso soup is ready if
you want something now.

Sasami looks in the cabinets.

SASAMI
Hmm.  Did you need more money?

KAZUHIKO
No, that wasn't the problem.  The problem is that my car was over at the
other house.

RYOKO
I'll ask mom to fix that along with the house.

Ryoko gets a far away look.

She chuckles.

RYOKO
She's a little busy now but will take care of it first thing in the
morning.

KAZUHIKO
Could you guys get Mihoshi and Kiyone for dinner?  Do you know if Tenchi
and Ayeka will be joining us?

RYOKO
I'll get Tenchi and Ayeka.

SASAMI
I'll get Mihoshi and Kiyone then.

Ryoko gets that far away look again.

RYOKO
Oh, Kazuhiko.  Washu, Tsunami, and...  ...Grandfather will be joining us
for dinner.

Sasami looks at Ryoko.

SASAMI
What's wrong?

RYOKO
Ah, Yoshou is joining us for dinner.

KAZUHIKO
I thought Yoshou was Grandfather.

SASAMI
Is Ayeka ready for this?

Ryoko shrugs her shoulders.

RYOKO
Do I tell her first or surprise her.  Tenchi doesn't know about it either.

SASAMI
What's he thinking?

KAZUHIKO
Excuse me but you've lost me somewhere.

Ryoko looks directly at Kazuhiko.

RYOKO
Grandfather's true appearance is that of a twenty one year old man.

KAZUHIKO
Ah, okay.  So then it's ten for dinner plus Ryo-Ohki of course.

Sasami and Ryoko look at each other.

They both walk out of the kitchen.

KAZUHIKO
Did you understand any of that Ryo-Ohki?

Ryo-Ohki looks up from her carrots.

RYO-OHKI
Miya!

Kazuhiko goes back to finishing dinner.

INT. Mihoshi's old room, Father's house - DAY

Kiyone lies on the bed under the sheet.

Mihoshi sits next to her holding Kiyone's hand.

A knock on the door.

MIHOSHI
Come in.

The door opens with Sasami standing there.

SASAMI
Dinner's ready.

Mihoshi breathes deeply.

MIHOSHI
Thank you and it does smell good.

Mihoshi touches Kiyone's face.

Kiyone opens her eyes.

MIHOSHI
Are you up for dinner?

KIYONE
Yes.

Kiyone sits up in bed.

Mihoshi wraps her with the orange kimono.

Kiyone stands but almost falls.

Mihoshi catches her.

MIHOSHI
Just lean on me.

Kiyone wraps an arm over Mihoshi's shoulders.

KIYONE
I remember when I didn't want to lean on you.   Even then you were there
for me.  I'm glad you're here for me now.

Mihoshi just smiles.

The two follow Sasami out of the room.

INT. Master bedroom, Father's house - DAY

Tenchi lies sleeping in bed.

Ayeka lies next to him with her eyes closed.

She's running her fingers through Tenchi's hair.

Ryoko appears in the room.

She floats over the couple.

Ryoko watches them for a few moments.

RYOKO
Hello Princess.

Ayeka opens her eyes.

AYEKA
Hello sister.

Ayeka reaches up and pulls Ryoko close in a hug.

Ryoko wraps her arms around the two of them.

Tenchi wakes up and places his arm around Ryoko.

RYOKO
I love you both.

TENCHI
As do I.

AYEKA
And I.

RYOKO
Ayeka, how old are you?

AYEKA
I don't think that is an app...

RYOKO (overlapping)
Can it Princess.  I'm over 5,000.

AYEKA
I'm seven hundred and twenty years old.  Why?

RYOKO
Tenchi, if you met Ayeka on the street, how old would you say she is?

TENCHI
Eighteen or nineteen.

RYOKO
So, Ayeka, why do you look so young for someone over 700 years?

AYEKA
You very well know that my Life Tree, Ryu-Oh, sustains my life.

Ryoko smiles.

RYOKO
So you're saying that your life tree keeps you young?

AYEKA
Yes, again why?

RYOKO
Is that true for anyone with a Life Tree?

AYEKA
Yes, but only those with some royal blood receive a life tree.

RYOKO
How is it that Ryu-Oh is surviving off of Jurai?

AYEKA
You know that your gems are giving Ryu-Oh energy to survive off of Jurai.

RYOKO
Would that work for any Life Tree?

AYEKA
Yes, it should.

TENCHI
What are you driving at Ryoko?

RYOKO
Ayeka says that her Life Tree keeps her young, and that my gems sustain
her Life Tree, and that should work for anyone with a Life Tree on this
planet.

AYEKA
That's right, but what are you trying to...

Ayeka's eyes go wide.

RYOKO
I think she got it.

TENCHI
Got what?

AYEKA
Yoshou!

RYOKO
Bingo, Princess.

Ayeka starts laughing.

AYEKA
Damn him.  It doesn't matter any more now, but damn him all the same.

Tenchi looks at Ayeka questioningly.

RYOKO
I was afraid you wouldn't take this news very well.

AYEKA
I no longer care for Yoshou, or what he may look like.  He has Washu and
Tsunami to look after him.  All that's important to me now is Tenchi,
Sasami, and you, Ryoko.

TENCHI
I still don't understand.

AYEKA
Your grandfather truly looks to be, oh, about twenty one years old.

TENCHI
What?!

Ayeka laughs even harder.

Ryoko joins in on the laughter.

AYEKA
I should have known this from the beginning.  As long as Funaho is
healthy, so would Yoshou be healthy.

TENCHI
So Grandfather really looks like a young man?

Both girls nod their head.

TENCHI
First it was Ryo-Ohki and then Tsunami changes her looks, next Little
Washu, and now my Grandfather.

RYOKO
Ryo-Ohki does it to fit in.  That other little group has decided to live
with the truth and throw away the lie.  Any way I came up to tell you
dinner was ready.

AYEKA
That sounds very good.  Ah, who did the cooking?

RYOKO
Kazuhiko.

Ayeka smiles.

AYEKA
Would you hand me my robe please?

Ryoko hands her the robe.

Tenchi gets out of bed and gets dressed.

Ayeka gets out of bed and falls into Tenchi's arms.

TENCHI
Ayeka!

Ryoko gets that far away look.

AYEKA
I can't stand.

RYOKO
Washu says you'll be weak for the next few days because the healing took
a lot out of your body.

TENCHI
I'll carry you on my back.

Ayeka gets on Tenchi's back with Ryoko's help.

AYEKA
Thank you Tenchi.

The three leave the room.

INT. Dining room, Father's house - DAY

Yoshou sits at the end nearest the kitchen.  To his left sit Tsunami,
Ryo-Ohki, Sasami, and Kiyone.  To his right sits Washu.

All look up when Ryoko, Tenchi, and Ayeka enter the room.

YOSHOU
Hello sister.

AYEKA
Hello brother.

Tenchi sets Ayeka down next to Washu.

He sits to her right with Ryoko to his right.

Kazuhiko and Mihoshi walk out of the kitchen and serve dinner.

KAZUHIKO
Welcome to the Chef Kazuhiko's.

Kazuhiko sits at the other end with Mihoshi to his right.

EVERYONE
Thank you Kazuhiko.

AYEKA
I would like to thank everyone for what they did yesterday.

WASHU
I wish I could have done more.

AYEKA
I'm alive, Little Washu, and I still have all my friends.

TENCHI
Ah, Little Washu do you think you...

WASHU (overlapping)
I'll have the house fixed before sunrise.  I'll also fix both of the cars.

MIHOSHI
Ah...

WASHU (overlapping)
I'll help you find Yukinojo's heart tomorrow.  Did you send any reports
to the Galaxy Police?

MIHOSHI
Just a short one before we crashed.  I asked for some new ships.

WASHU
We need to get word to Jurai about what has happened here, and I'd like to
get rid of the prisoners.

Tenchi's eyes grow cold.

TENCHI
You have prisoners?

Washu nods her head.

WASHU
Yes, eight of them.  They're Furrarizan.  There is something I'd like to
explain about them.  With your permission Ryoko.

RYOKO
It involves me?  Sure tell them what we all need to know.

WASHU
The Furrarizan are your biological father.

SASAMI
I thought the MASS was Ryoko's father.

WASHU
My genetic material isn't compatible with anyone.  Neither is the
Furrarizan.  But with the MASS I can combine any two sets of genes and
produce a viable life form.

RYOKO
Why the Furrarizan?

WASHU
One, they're from another galaxy.  I didn't think I'd ever meet them again.
Two, they're the toughest life form I'd found at that time.  I wanted a
daughter that couldn't be pushed around by anyone.

RYOKO
What does the Furrarizan look like?

Washu summons her keyboard.

A picture of a Furrarizan is projected on the wall.

Ryoko studies the image.

RYOKO
They look kind of pretty.  I can see where I got my eyes.

TENCHI
They killed my son!  I don't want them on this planet!

WASHU
They aren't.

TENCHI
Damn it Washu.  You know what I mean.

MIHOSHI
Tenchi.

Tenchi glares at Mihoshi.

MIHOSHI
I want justice done too, Tenchi, but you don't.

TENCHI
What do you mean?!

MIHOSHI
You want revenge.

TENCHI
Damn you Mihoshi!

Kazuhiko starts to stand.

Mihoshi takes a hold of his arm.

MIHOSHI
I understand Tenchi.  It's okay to be angry.  Just know why you're angry,
and at whom you're angry.

Tenchi bows his head.

Ayeka and Ryoko hug him.

TENCHI
What has happened to me?  I used to be the pacifist in this group.  Now
I want to go out and kill.  I'm sorry Little Washu.  Please forgive me
Mihoshi.  Everyone, I'm sorry.

AYEKA
Let's finish this fine meal Kazuhiko made for us.

Tenchi nods his head.

Ayeka and Ryoko take turns feeding Tenchi.

The rest return to their meals.

INT. Dining room - DAY

The meal is finished.

MIHOSHI
I'm ready for some television.

Kazuhiko stands and starts clearing the table.

KAZUHIKO
Help me with the dishes?

SASAMI
I'll help.

Sasami helps to clear the dishes.

AYEKA
I'm worn out.

TENCHI
Let me carry you back to bed.

Ayeka climbs on Tenchi's back.

TENCHI
Good night everyone.  Thank you for standing by me.

GROUP
Good night Tenchi, Ayeka.

Tenchi and Ayeka leave the room.

KIYONE
I think I'll join you for some TV, Mihoshi.

Kiyone and Mihoshi leave the room.

Yoshou looks at Washu and Tsunami.

All three stand and exit through the kitchen.

INT. Master bedroom - DAY (Tuesday, 9 June 1998; 8th Day, 4th Month)

Tenchi and Ayeka lie sleeping in bed.

Ayeka wakes up.

She hugs Tenchi.

Tenchi rolls over to face her.

AYEKA
I'd like to visit our son.

Tenchi looks into Ayeka's eyes.

TENCHI
Would you like some breakfast first?

Ayeka nods her head.

INT. Kitchen - DAY

Sasami is making breakfast.

Washu walks into the kitchen.

WASHU
Well that's all done.  We can move back across the lake anytime now.

SASAMI
Thank you Ms. Washu.  I'll ask Kazuhiko to go shopping.

Washu sits at the counter.

WASHU
Is breakfast almost ready?  Construction is hard work.

Sasami sets a plate in front of Washu.

Washu digs right in.

Tenchi carrying Ayeka enter the Kitchen.

TENCHI
Good morning Sasami, Little Washu.

SASAMI and WASHU
Good morning Tenchi, Ayeka.

AYEKA
Good morning.

WASHU
Have you looked across the lake this morning?

TENCHI
Not yet Little Washu.

Tenchi carries Ayeka to the porch.

Across the lake his house looks like new.

Tears run from Tenchi's eyes.

Washu and Sasami join the two on the porch.

WASHU
Why so sad?

TENCHI
Thank you Little Washu.  It's just that I'll always miss the house that
Father built for me.

AYEKA
Remember, no matter how many times your house is rebuilt, your Father's
love will always be in it.

Both Washu and Sasami give Ayeka an odd look.

TENCHI
You're right Ayeka.  The love of friends and family will see us through.

All four go back in to eat breakfast.

INT. Dining room - DAY

Tenchi, Ayeka, Ryoko, Sasami, Washu, Mihoshi, Kiyone, and Kazuhiko sit
down at breakfast.

The meal has just finished.

AYEKA
I'd like to see our son now.

Tenchi nods his head.

Ryoko helps Ayeka up on Tenchi's back.

Both walk out toward the front door.

SASAMI
My sister seems happy this morning.

Ryoko nods her head.

RYOKO
Yes she does.  It makes her face look softer and prettier.

MIHOSHI
I think she has done what so many have done before her.

Everyone looks at Mihoshi.

KIYONE
And what's that?

MIHOSHI
She has forgiven her past.

Everyone nods in agreement.

EXT. Hill above temple - DAY

Ayeka sits in front of Niten's grave.

Tenchi kneels beside her, holding her shoulders.

AYEKA
Niten is a beautiful name.

TENCHI
I thought it appropriate due to his Jurai and Earth blood.

AYEKA
The same hand carved all three stones.

TENCHI
Yes, he's an old friend of Grandfather.

AYEKA
Thank you Niten.

Tenchi hugs Ayeka.

TENCHI
How are you doing?

AYEKA
Honestly I've never felt better than I do now.  Let's go back.

Tenchi helps Ayeka onto his back.

He starts down the hill.

EXT. Path between the temple and lake - DAY

Tenchi walks down the path with Ayeka on his back.

AYEKA
Tenchi?

TENCHI
Yes.

AYEKA
The rain is getting me cold and wet.

Tenchi looks up in the clear blue sky.

AYEKA
Can you find us some shelter?

Tenchi stops with a puzzled look on his face.

He suddenly smiles.

TENCHI
Yes, I know a place that is warm and dry.

Tenchi moves down a path leading to the fields.

INT. Shed - DAY

The door opens.

Tenchi carries Ayeka inside and sets her down on a bench.

He pulls out a box and starts a fire.

Ayeka removes her kimono leaving her inner wrap.

Tenchi takes off his shirt.

TENCHI
You can use this to dry off.

Tenchi starts for the door.

AYEKA
Where are you going?

TENCHI
I was going to wait outside.

Ayeka stands and staggers over to Tenchi.

She wraps her arms around him.

AYEKA
It's cold and wet out there.

TENCHI
Yes.

AYEKA
Please stay here with me.

Tenchi wraps his arms around Ayeka.

TENCHI
Are you sure?

AYEKA
Very sure.

Ayeka kisses Tenchi.

TENCHI
Hmm.  I don't remember that part.

Ayeka lays her head on Tenchi's chest.

AYEKA
I can now do what I wished I could have done then.

Tenchi carries Ayeka back to the bench.

He pulls a pallet from the wall and lays it on the floor.

He helps Ayeka to lie down on the pallet.

TENCHI
Are you ready for this?

AYEKA
I'm yours Tenchi.  Please make love to me.

TENCHI
I love you Ayeka.

EXT. Path near the lake - DAY

Tenchi with Ayeka on his back walk down the path.

RYOKO (O.C.)
So where have you two been?

EXT. Path near lake - DAY

Tenchi with Ayeka on his back look up in a tree.

Ryoko sits on a tree branch.

AYEKA
We've been making out.

Tenchi turns red.

Ryoko flies down from the tree.

She stops, hovering in front of Tenchi, and looks Ayeka in the eye.

Ayeka's face breaks out in a big grin.

Ryoko gives Ayeka a quick kiss.

RYOKO
See you two at the house.

Ryoko disappears.

TENCHI
Ryoko is acting strange.

AYEKA
Really.  I think she's just being Ryoko.

Tenchi shakes his head.

He continues to the house.

INT. Kitchen - DAY

Tenchi carrying Ayeka walks in from the porch.

TENCHI
That's odd, there is no one here.

Tenchi walks through the kitchen to the family room.

GROUP (O.C.)
Surprise!

INT. Family Room - DAY

Kiyone sits on a couch with Mihoshi and Kazuhiko behind her.

Yoshou, Tsunami, and Washu stand behind another couch.

Ryoko and Sasami stand between the two groups.

Tenchi with Ayeka stand in the kitchen doorway.

RYOKO
Welcome back sister.

Tenchi sets Ayeka down on the couch next to Kiyone.

AYEKA
It's good to be back.

Sasami walks over to Ayeka and gives her a hug.

SASAMI
I was very worried about you.

AYEKA
I'm sorry if I caused anyone any pain.  I love you all very much.

Tenchi sits next to Ayeka and looks at her.

AYEKA
I have to thank Niten for all of his help.  He told me that he was strong
and that he would take my burdens.  I'm free of my past, free to grasp
the future.

Tenchi hugs Ayeka

The rest gather around her for hugs and kisses.

FADE OUT:

END ACT TWO



ACT THREE

FADE IN:

INT. Tenchi's bedroom - DAY (Sunday, 14 June 1998; 13th Day, 4th Month)

Tenchi lies sleeping in bed.

Ayeka lies next to him.

She is watching Tenchi sleep.

Tenchi opens his eyes and looks at Ayeka.

TENCHI
Good morning Ayeka.

AYEKA
Good morning.

TENCHI
I've been thinking.

Ayeka stretches.

AYEKA
Oh, and what have you been thinking about?

TENCHI
Sasami.

Ayeka nods her head.

AYEKA
I see.  So you think it's time to ask her to be the third wife?

TENCHI
Yes.  How do you feel about that?

AYEKA
I love her as my sister, and I'm ready to love her as my sister wife.

TENCHI
Thank you.

They kiss.

Ayeka gets out of bed wearing lingerie.

She puts on a robe.

AYEKA
Come with me.

Tenchi gets out of bed wearing his boxers.

He puts on a robe.

TENCHI
An early breakfast?

Ayeka shakes her head, and takes Tenchi's hand.

They walk out of the bedroom together.

INT. Common area, top floor - DAY

Ayeka walks over to Ryoko's room with Tenchi in tow.

She knocks on the door.

RYOKO (O.C.)
Who is it?

AYEKA
It's your sister.

RYOKO (O.C.)
Come in.

Ayeka opens the door.

Ryoko sits in the middle of her bed.

Her eyes are red from crying.

Ayeka pushes Tenchi into the room.

He staggers in a few steps before stopping.

Tenchi turns around and looks at Ayeka.

AYEKA
Happy anniversary.

Ayeka shuts the door.

INT. Ryoko's bedroom - DAY

Tenchi stands near the door.

Ryoko sits in the middle of her bed.

Ryoko flies from the bed and warps herself around Tenchi.

RYOKO
Thank you Ayeka.  I love you Tenchi.

TENCHI
I love you Ryoko.  Happy anniversary.  I'm afraid I didn't bring any
presents.

Ryoko phases out of her clothes.

RYOKO
You're presents enough for me.

She kisses Tenchi passionately.

INT. Kitchen - DAY

Sasami is busy in the kitchen preparing breakfast.

Ryo-Ohki is helping her.

Kiyone and Kazuhiko sit at the coffee bar drinking tea.

Ayeka enters the kitchen.

KIYONE and KAZUHIKO
Good morning Ayeka.

AYEKA
Good morning everyone.

SASAMI
Good morning Ayeka.  Is Tenchi with you?

AYEKA
No, Tenchi 's rather busy right now.

Sasami gives Ayeka a puzzled look.

AYEKA
You remember what day this is?

Sasami thinks for a moment.

KAZUHIKO
Need a hint?

Sasami looks at Kazuhiko.

Kazuhiko smiles back.

Sasami's face breaks out in a big grin.

SASAMI
It's their anniversary.

AYEKA
As Ryoko would say, Bingo.  Where's Mihoshi?

KIYONE
It's a little too early for her.

Kazuhiko chuckles.

KAZUHIKO
She'll show up when breakfast is ready.  No wasted motion from her.

SASAMI
Well we'll see.  Breakfast is ready.  Can you help me carry it out to
the dining room?

Everyone takes a dish and the group exits the kitchen.

INT. Dining room - DAY

Sasami, Ayeka, Kiyone, and Kazuhiko enter carrying dishes.

They set the table.

Mihoshi walks in.

MIHOSHI
Good morning, oh, that smells so good.

KAZUHIKO
I win!

MIHOSHI
Win what?

The rest start laughing.

Mihoshi scratches her head.

MIHOSHI
What's so funny?

KIYONE
We'll tell you later.

MIHOSHI
Okay.

Everyone sits down to eat.

INT. Ryoko's bedroom - DAY

Ryoko and Tenchi lie in bed.

RYOKO
I've missed you so much.

TENCHI
Why did you and Sasami agree to let me be with Ayeka this month?

RYOKO
She needed you more than we did.

TENCHI
So why do you stay with the agreement?

RYOKO
She still needs you Tenchi.  I'll not back out now just because she's
getting better.  Let's wait and see.  She'll decide when we can go back
to sharing you.

TENCHI
I love you Ryoko.  I love you, I love Ayeka, and I love Sasami.  Are you
ready for a third wife?

RYOKO
I've been ready.  I was waiting for you to figure out your own heart.

TENCHI
You know women and me.  I can't figure out anything about myself when
it comes to love.

Ryoko whispers in Tenchi's ear.

RYOKO
You've done well so far.  Ready for another round, or do you want
breakfast?

Ryoko's stomach lets loose a growl.

Tenchi laughs.

TENCHI
I think that decides it.

RYOKO
Damn stomach always speaking out of turn.

INT. Dining room - DAY

Sasami, Ayeka, Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Kazuhiko sit at the table.

They are just finishing breakfast.

Ryoko and Tenchi walk in.

TENCHI
Save anything for the walking stomach and me?

Ryoko blushes.

AYEKA
I like the way you can make her do that.

Ryoko turns redder.

RYOKO
All of you are picking on me.

Tenchi gives Ryoko a kiss.

TENCHI
Because we love you.

Tenchi and Ryoko join the group at the table.

INT. Temple - DAY

Yoshou and Tsunami sit at the table.

Washu steps out of a portal with a tray.

The tray has breakfast and a pot of tea.

Washu sets out breakfast.

WASHU
I hope you like it.

YOSHOU
It certainly smells good.

WASHU
Thank you.  It's not Sasami's cooking, but it's not my daughters either.

All three start eating.

TSUNAMI
This is fine Washu.  You worry too much sometimes.

Washu giggles.

WASHU
Well being the greatest scientific guineas in the universe does not
extend to the kitchen.

YOSHOU
How are the others doing?

WASHU
They have the house and cars back.  I think they've settled in nicely.

TSUNAMI
And I think you will be doing another wedding soon.

Yoshou looks at Tsunami through lowered eyes.

YOSHOU
Hum.  You don't say.

TSUNAMI
I do say.  If he does not ask Sasami soon, Sasami will put him in his
place.

WASHU
I don't think Sasami will confront him like that.

YOSHOU
My sister was used to getting her way.  She could manipulate father far
better than Ayeka or I could.

WASHU
Hum, another item for my database.

TSUNAMI
I do not think it will come to that either.  Tenchi should ask her any
day now.

YOSHOU
I see one problem with that.

Washu and Tsunami look at Yoshou.

YOSHOU
Sasami is the Crown Princess of Jurai.  She won't be able to avoid that
duty like Ayeka did.  I hope she ensures Tenchi understands that before
she says yes.

TSUNAMI
I trust Sasami to do the right thing.

INT. Dining room - DAY

Sasami, Ayeka, Ryoko, Tenchi, Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Kazuhiko sit around
the table.

They have just finished eating.

MIHOSHI
It's time for my television show.

KIYONE
You mean it's time for your nap.

MIHOSHI
Kiyone!  You know I don't nap until after my show.  Is it my fault the
couch is so comfortable?

KIYONE
Well I'll join you today.

Mihoshi, Kiyone, and Kazuhiko leave the room.

TENCHI
What do you want to do now Ryoko?

RYOKO
Why don't you take a bath, and after that we can take a walk around the
lake.

TENCHI
I could take my bath after the walk.

Ryoko just looks at Tenchi.

TENCHI
And then again I could take it now.  See you in a bit.

Tenchi leaves the room.

Ryoko starts gathering dishes.

SASAMI
Thank you Ryoko.

Ayeka and Sasami gather the rest of the dishes.

All three exit for the kitchen.

INT. Kitchen - DAY

Ryoko, Sasami, and Ayeka enter the kitchen with dishes.

They put the dishes in the sink.

Sasami starts to fill the sink.

RYOKO
What are you going to say when Tenchi asks you to be third wife?

Sasami turns and looks at Ryoko.

AYEKA
This is an important decision.

Sasami looks at Ayeka.

SASAMI
What makes you so sure he'll ask me?

RYOKO
He has asked me if I would accept you as third wife.

AYEKA
The same for me.

Sasami's shoulders slump.

SASAMI
This is all your fault Ayeka.

AYEKA
I know.  I'm sorry.  What other choice did I have at the time?

SASAMI
None.

RYOKO
So what will you do?

SASAMI
I'm not sure.  I want to marry Tenchi, but does he really want to marry
the Empress of Jurai?

AYEKA
I think he knows who you are.

SASAMI
What about the Tsunami that's within me?  That's as much a part of me
as the Empress.

RYOKO
What are you really afraid of Sasami?

SASAMI
One day I will be Empress.  I'll not shirk that responsibility.  That
day I'll go to Jurai.  Are you both willing to follow me?

Ayeka kneels in front of Sasami.

AYEKA
The day you become Empress, I'll be your loyal subject.

RYOKO
Hum.  Well if you say yes to Tenchi, I'll not abandon either of you just
because we have to move.

SASAMI
There's a lot more to it than just moving.  Your children will be in
line to the throne.  But the order would be mine, followed by Ayeka's,
and then yours Ryoko.

RYOKO
I never gave a damn about your royal blood, and I'm not going to start
now.

AYEKA
I know what I gave up to marry Tenchi.

Sasami pulls Ayeka to her feet.

SASAMI
Please sister, that's not necessary.

AYEKA
As you wish sister.  Still I know my duty to the throne.

SASAMI
Both of you are in agreement.  You'll accept me as third wife?

Ryoko and Ayeka nod their head.

SASAMI
Then it depends on Tenchi now.  I don't want either of you to ask him
to ask me.

RYOKO
He'll do it on his own.  I'm sure of that.

AYEKA
Think about what you'll say Sasami.  When he asks you he may not
understand the consequences.

SASAMI
I'll think about it.  I've been thinking about it ever since the day you
made me Crown Princess.

Ayeka looks at the floor.

SASAMI
I forgive you sister.  You're right, you had no other choice with
father's answer.

AYEKA
Thank you.

Ryoko claps her hands.

Sasami and Ayeka look at her.

RYOKO
Well now that's settled I can get back to my anniversary celebration.
Oh, thank you Ayeka for the anniversary present this morning.  It came
as quite the surprise.

AYEKA
It's the least I could do for my sister wife.

Ryoko disappears.

SASAMI
How are you sister?

AYEKA
I'm at peace Sasami.  I don't remember ever feeling so happy inside.

Sasami starts washing dishes.

Ayeka helps her.

EXT. Woods near temple - DAY

Tenchi and Ryoko walk hand in hand through the forest.

Tenchi carries a picnic basket.

They move out of the forest and start up the hill.

RYOKO
Hard to believe that a year has gone by.

TENCHI
It has been an action packed year.

RYOKO
I'm so happy Tenchi.

Both stop in front of the graves.

RYOKO
A year of joy and sadness.

TENCHI
A year of life.

RYOKO
Are you still in denial?

TENCHI
No, I accept what has happened.  Death is just a small part of life.
It's the last part.  Despite all that has happened to us we have truly
lived this last year.

RYOKO
I understand.  We've been living life to the fullest.  Your mother in
heaven is smiling down on us now.

Ryoko walks off toward the shrine taking Tenchi with her.

They stop at the cave entrance.

RYOKO
I've never really thanked Yoshou for what he did to me so long ago.

Tenchi points to a rock.

TENCHI
That's where I first met you.

RYOKO
Yes.  You were a baby on Achika's back.  You smiled at me and waved your
little hands.  Achika asked if you saw a ghost.

Tenchi kisses Ryoko.

TENCHI
Thank you Ryoko.  You've always been my friend.

RYOKO
And now I'm your lover.  Let's eat lunch over there.  That's where
Yoshou and Achika always had their picnics.

Tenchi and Ryoko move to the spot.

Tenchi lays out the picnic lunch.

RYOKO
Maybe we can visit the cave after lunch?

Tenchi smiles.

Both begin to eat.

INT. Tenchi's bedroom - NIGHT

Ryoko and Tenchi lie in bed under the sheet.

Ryoko traces a random patter over Tenchi's chest.

RYOKO
That was the perfect ending for an almost perfect day.

TENCHI
Almost?

RYOKO
Remember?  Our anniversary is missing something.

TENCHI
Oh!  I don't think she's going to show up tonight.

RYOKO
I don't think so either.  Would you like her too?

Tenchi kisses Ryoko.

TENCHI
I wouldn't object to it.  I'll leave that decision to you.

Ryoko and Tenchi disappear.

INT. Ayeka's bedroom.

Ayeka lies sleeping in bed a little to the left side.

Ryoko and Tenchi appear with their backs to the camera.

Both are naked.

RYOKO
Hello princess.

Ayeka opens her eyes.

They both go wide.

AYEKA
Ah...   Ah...  Ah...

TENCHI
Our anniversary isn't the same without you.

AYEKA
But...  But...  But...

RYOKO
May we spend the night here?

TENCHI
Please.

Ayeka smiles and nods her head.

Tenchi and Ryoko climb in under the covers.

RYOKO
Something is still missing.

AYEKA
Her dreams no longer frighten her.

RYOKO
That's okay, do either of you mind if she shows up?

AYEKA
I wouldn't mind.

TENCHI
I think I'd enjoy having my future third wife join us tonight.

AYEKA
So you've decided.

TENCHI
Yes, I'll ask her when she gets here.

Ryoko closes her eyes.

RYOKO
That will be soon now.

INT. Sasami's bedroom - NIGHT

Sasami lies in bed.

Her shoulders are shaking.

Soft whimpering can be heard from her.

A knock on the door.

Sasami wipes her eyes.

SASAMI
Come in.

The door opens and Ryo-Ohki come running into the room.

She pounces on Sasami.

RYO-OHKI
Miya!  Miya, Miya!

SASAMI
I love you too Ryo-Ohki, but you're too big to tackle me like that.

Ryo-Ohki grabs Sasami's hand and climbs out of bed.

SASAMI
Are you hungry?

Ryo-Ohki shakes her head.

SASAMI
Where do you want to go?

Ryo-Ohki pulls harder on Sasami's hand.

SASAMI
Okay.

Sasami gets out of bed wearing her pajamas.

Ryo-Ohki leads her out of the room.

INT. Third floor common area - NIGHT

Ryo-Ohki walks out of Sasami's room pulling Sasami along.

They walk over to Ayeka's room.

Ryo-Ohki knocks on the door.

Sasami has a puzzled look on her face.

AYEKA (O.C.)
Come in.

Ryo-Ohki opens the door.

She pulls Sasami into the room.

INT. Ayeka's bedroom - NIGHT

Tenchi lies in bed with Ryoko on his right and Ayeka on his left.

Ryo-Ohki lets go of Sasami and pounces on Tenchi.

Sasami stands near the door.

TENCHI
Hello Ryo-Ohki.  I'm happy to see you too.

Ryo-Ohki hugs Tenchi.

RYO-OHKI
Miya, Miya.

TENCHI
Hello Sasami, will you join us tonight?

Sasami moves to the foot of the bed.

Ryo-Ohki moves over to hug Ayeka.

SASAMI
Why?

TENCHI
I love you Sasami...

Sasami crawls onto the bed.

Ryo-Ohki snuggles in next to Ayeka.

TENCHI
...I would like you to...

Sasami places her hand over Tenchi's mouth.

SASAMI
Please Tenchi don't say anything.

Sasami removes her hand.

SASAMI
You asked Ayeka and Ryoko what they would be willing to give up to marry
you.  Before you ask me anything I want you to know that I'll not give
up anything.  You need to decide what you're willing to give up for me.

TENCHI
Sasami I want you to...

Sasami kisses Tenchi.

SASAMI
I'll be Empress one day.  Do you understand what that means?

Tenchi nods his head.

SASAMI
And what of your wives?

TENCHI
My wives have given up everything for me.  They'll do the same for you.
Please Sasami will...

Sasami kisses Tenchi again.

SASAMI
Think about it Tenchi.  If you still wish to ask me, I'll listen to your
question tomorrow at dinner.

Ryo-Ohki lays her head on Ayeka's chest.

Ayeka holds Ryo-Ohki close to her.

Sasami crawls over Ryoko and gets under the covers next to her.

She turns her back to Ryoko and you can see her shoulders shake.

Ryoko rolls on her side and hugs Sasami close to her.

Ryoko places her mouth near Sasami's ear.

RYOKO
It's all right little one.  We love you for what you are.

Slowly her shaking stops.

Tenchi looks to his right and sees Ryoko hugging Sasami.

He looks to his left and sees Ayeka hugging Ryo-Ohki.

Tenchi looks up at the ceiling and smiles.

TENCHI (expressed as thought)
All is right with the world.

He closes his eyes and drifts off to sleep.

FADE OUT:

THE END

