Pioneer owns the copyrights to Tenchi Muyo and to all the characters
there in.  I wish I owned them so I could be producing more anime.
Please see the prelude to this series for explanations on the screen
play annotations, and new character descriptions.

As with the OVA this is rated PG13 due to depictions of nudity, violence,
and sexual innuendo.

TENCHI MUYO SCREEN PLAY

By Zervon at zervon@hotmail.com

Episode Fourteen

"Trip Through Time, Part Two"

TEASER

FADE IN:

INT. Kitchen – DAY (Friday, 26 June 1998; 25th Day, 4th Month)

Ayeka dances about the kitchen making breakfast while humming a merry
tune.

Ryo-Ouki dances with her adding her own singsong voice.

Ayeka checks the soup and takes the fluffy omelet from the square pan.

AYEKA
Ryo-Ouki, would you please set the table?

RYO-OUKI
Miya!

Ryo-Ouki jumps up on the bar stool to open the cabinet.

She starts pulling out dishes setting them on the counter.

Ayeka finishes the grilled fish.

Ryo-Ouki jumps off the bar stool and grabs some dishes.

She rushes out of the kitchen into the dining room.

Ryoko enters the kitchen.

RYOKO
You're in a happy mood this morning.

Ayeka smiles and nods her head.

RYOKO
Did you sneak in on Tenchi and Sasami last night?

Ayeka laughs aloud and winks.

AYEKA
I spent the night with Ryo-Ouki.

Ryoko is taken back by the response.

RYOKO
What's with you this morning?

AYEKA
It's a beautiful day.  The sun is shining and the birds are singing.
All is right with the world.

RYOKO
What?

Ayeka takes the soup and moves next to Ryoko.

She gives Ryoko a quick kiss on the cheek and moves past her to the
dining room.

Ryoko's jaw drops and her eyes go wide.

Ryo-Ouki rushes back in for more dishes.

She rushes out to the dining room with them.

Ayeka enters and pushes Ryoko's jaw up as she passes her.

RYOKO
What the hell is going on?

Ayeka slices up the omelet.

AYEKA
Nothing you need to worry about you silly demon.

RYOKO
I'm not worried!

Ayeka starts humming again.

She takes the omelet and fish out to the dining room.

Ryoko turns around.

RYOKO
I'm not going to fall for it!

AYEKA (O.C.)
Fall for what?

Ryoko points her finger out toward the dining room.

RYOKO
What ever you're planning!

AYEKA (O.C.)
Breakfast is ready!

INT. Dining Room – DAY

Ayeka sits at the table with Ryo-Ouki sitting on the other side.

The food and dishes are arranged on the table.

In front of Ayeka is a black pen gift box.

Ryoko enters from the kitchen.

RYOKO
Is it someone's birthday?

AYEKA
No.

Ryoko sits down to Ayeka's right.

RYOKO
What's in the box?

Ayeka chuckles.

AYEKA
You'll see soon enough.

Ryoko reaches for the box.

RYOKO
Let me see!  Let me see!

Ayeka's barrier comes up keeping Ryoko away from the box.

RYOKO
Ow!  What'd you do that for?

AYEKA
It's a surprise for everyone to include you Ryoko.

Ryoko sits back down and sulks.

AYEKA
I'm not going to fall for your fake sad face routine.

Ryoko's face brightens.

RYOKO
You can't blame me for trying.

Tenchi, Sasami, Mihoshi, Kazuhiko, and Kiyone enter the dining room.

The five take their seats.

TENCHI
Did both of you make breakfast?

RYOKO
No, Ayeka and Ryo-Ouki made it this morning.

Tenchi glances down at the pen box and looks up at Ayeka.

Ayeka is wearing a big smile.

TENCHI
What's in the box?

Ayeka hands the box to Tenchi

Tenchi opens the box.

Everyone leans over to look in the box.

Inside is a pink stick with a white circle at one end.

In the circle is a blue cross.

TENCHI
What is it?

Ayeka says nothing.

Tenchi takes it out of the box.

Kazuhiko begins to laugh.

Tenchi turns the item over.

He reads the back.

TENCHI
Home pregnancy test kit.  A minus means you aren't pregnant, and a plus
means you are.

Tenchi's eyes go wide.

TENCHI
Ayeka, you...  You're...

Ayeka nods her head rapidly.

AYEKA
Yes, I'm pregnant!

Tenchi wraps Ayeka up in a hug.

Everyone else gathers around Ayeka to congratulate her.

FADE OUT:

END TEASER.



ACT ONE

FADE IN:

INT. Temple Office – DAY

Washu, Yoshou, and Tsunami sit around a table drinking tea.

All are wearing loose kimonos.

Empty breakfast dishes sit on the table.

TENCHI (O.C.)
Grandfather!  Grandfather!

WASHU
Sounds like someone has some good news.

TENCHI (O.C.)
Grandfather!  Grandfather!

TSUNAMI
I think it is sweet.

INT. Temple Office – DAY

View the three at the table with the front door.

Front door slides open.

Tenchi runs inside.

TENCHI
Grandfather!  I...

Tenchi stops in his tracks when he sees the three.

Tenchi bows low.

TENCHI
Pardon me for my interruption.

Yoshou chuckles.

YOSHOU
Now that you are here you may as well tell us what's so important.

TENCHI
Grandfather, Ayeka's...

Tenchi blinks.

TENCHI
You already knew.  

Tenchi looks at Washu.

TENCHI
You knew after you examined Ayeka.

Tenchi turns to Tsunami.

TENCHI
You probably knew from the time she conceived.

YOSHOU
Tenchi.  You've run all the way up here to tell me some important news.
Does it really matter what I know?

WASHU
Come on Tenchi be a sport.

TSUNAMI
I would like to hear the words from your mouth Tenchi.

TENCHI
Ayeka's pregnant.  This is one of the happiest days of my life.

Yoshou chuckles.

YOSHOU
I'm sure this is.  Have you told your father yet?

TENCHI
No, I haven't.  He'd already left for work.  I'll surprise him when he
gets home.

Washu hides her smile behind her hand.

WASHU
So do you want to know if it's a boy or a girl?

TENCHI
No thank you Little Washu.  I can wait till the birth.  I did want to
discuss names with you Grandfather.

YOSHOU
You don't say.  Well we can do that after practice this afternoon.

TENCHI
Okay with me.  Are we going to talk some more about your past on Earth?

YOSHOU
Yes.

TENCHI
I'll see you at the practice field then.  Pardon me again for
interrupting your breakfast.

Both Washu and Tsunami smile.

WASHU
Thank you for taking the time to tell us the good news.

TSUNAMI
Yes, thank you Tenchi.

Tenchi bows and turns around.

He slides the door shut behind him as he exits.

WASHU
Well Yoshou, are you ready to be a great-grandfather?

YOSHOU
I was ready with Niten, and nothing has changed.  I only pray that this
time everything will go well for Tenchi and his wives.

A thoughtful look crosses Washu's face as she nods.

TSUNAMI
I will do what is within my power to answer that prayer.

Yoshou nods his head.

All three resume drinking their tea.

INT. Dining Room – DAY

Ayeka, Ryoko, Sasami, Ryo-Ouki, Mihoshi, Kiyone, and Kazuhiko sit around
the table.

SASAMI
How are you feeling sister?

AYEKA
I feel wonderful.

RYOKO
Looks like you'll have your chance to be first again.

AYEKA
Like you were going to let it be otherwise.

Ryoko breaks out in laughter.

MIHOSHI
I'm so happy for you Ayeka!

KIYONE
So am I Ayeka.  I wish I could find time to have a family.

Mihoshi lays a hand on Kiyone's shoulder.

MIHOSHI
Don't worry Kiyone.  Someday a family will find you.

Kiyone looks at Mihoshi and blinks.

Mihoshi smiles in return.

AYEKA
Thank you both.

KAZUHIKO
Do you know if it will be a boy or girl?

AYEKA
No, I don't know, nor do I want to know.  To have a child again after
losing Niten fills my heart with joy.

Sasami's eyes fill with tears.

AYEKA
I'll tell this one about the older brother that gave his life so that
his mother may live.

SASAMI
I was thinking about the one that attacked us.  I was wondering if she'd
try it again?

Ryoko growls and pounds her fist on the table.

RYOKO
She'll try again.  You can be sure of that!

AYEKA
When she does we'll be ready for her.

Kazuhiko stands up.

KAZUHIKO
That's right.  We're on our guard now.  This time we won't fall into her
trap.

Ayeka nods her head, but looks down into her lap.

Ryoko hugs Ayeka.

RYOKO
I promised that if any harm came to you it would be because I was
already dead.  I won't fail that promise a second time.

AYEKA
I know sister, I know.  It's just that...

SASAMI
That what?

Ayeka looks up at her younger sister.

AYEKA
It seems the universe is against us.

MIHOSHI
Well if that is all we have to worry about then I don't think you should
worry about it at all.

KIYONE
Mihoshi!

Mihoshi looks over at Kiyone with innocence written on her face.

Ayeka lets out a giggle.

AYEKA
She's right.  With all of you beside me there's no reason to worry.

Mihoshi nods.

Ryoko raises her fist in the air.

RYOKO
That's right!  We'll kick butt and take names the next time she tries
to mess with us!

Ayeka laughs aloud.

AYEKA
Well spoken as always Ryoko.

RYOKO
You know it sister.

The whole group begins laughing.

INT. Temple Office – DAY

Yoshou, Washu, and Tsunami sit around the table.

All three are dressed.

TSUNAMI
How much of your past will you tell him?

Washu looks on with interest.

YOSHOU
As much as he needs to know.

WASHU
That's no answer.

Yoshou shrugs his shoulders.

YOSHOU
He wants to understand his past, and I want to live with mine.

Tsunami reaches out and touches Yoshou's face.

TSUNAMI
There are many things in my past that I would rather keep in the
darkness to never see the light of day.

YOSHOU
Tenchi is the light upon my soul.  I don't know how long I can keep my
past in darkness.

Tsunami kisses Yoshou.

She looks into his eyes.

TSUNAMI
The light of love can overcome a darkness of pain.  Tenchi did that for
Ayeka.

Yoshou nods in thought.

WASHU
My failure to tell my daughter of her past almost killed us all.  I've
reached the decision that I can live with my past, and have decided to
tell Ryoko everything I know.

YOSHOU
Not everything in my past concerns Tenchi.  I'll tell him everything
about his past and his mothers.

Washu reaches out and touches Yoshou's face.

WASHU
What of his grandfather?

Yoshou shrugs his shoulders again.

Washu kisses him and wraps him up in a hug.

WASHU
Your past is just that, past.

YOSHOU
Then why does it feel like today?

Tsunami hugs both Yoshou and Washu.

TSUNAMI
Because it weighs upon your soul yearning for release.

Yoshou closes his eyes and sighs.

YOSHOU
You may be right.

INT. Family Room – DAY

A soap opera is on the television.

Aeka, Ryoko, Mihoshi, and Kiyone sit on the couches watching television.

Tenchi enters the room from the hallway.

He is dressed in his practice uniform and carries a bokken.

TENCHI
I'm off to practice.  I'll see you later this afternoon.

Ayeka and Ryoko wave to Tenchi without taking their eyes off the
television.

Tenchi smiles and looks around the room.

TENCHI
Where's Sasami?

Kiyone and Mihoshi look over at Tenchi.

MIHOSHI
With Kazuhiko.

KIYONE
They went shopping.

Kiyone and Mihoshi return to watching the television.

TENCHI
Oh, okay.  See you later.

Both Ayeka and Ryoko wave again with out taking their eyes off the
television.

Tenchi laughs to himself

He leaves the room.

EXT. Practice Area – DAY

Yoshou sits on a log with his bokken in his lap.

He stares at the bokken.

Tenchi enters the practice area carrying his bokken.

TENCHI
Ready when you are Grandfather.

Yoshou doesn't move.

Tenchi sits down next to his grandfather.

TENCHI
What's wrong Grandfather?

YOSHOU
I've been thinking about my past, about the events that led me to earth.

TENCHI
Grandfather…  You only have to tell me what you wish, no more.

Yoshou looks up at Tenchi.

YOSHOU
I wish to tell you everything.  I'm just worried what you'll think when
I'm finished.

TENCHI
I love you Grandfather.  I'll always love you regardless of your past.
Does your past with Ayeka cause you so much concern?

Yoshou's eyes go wide.

YOSHOU
How...  How did you know?

TENCHI
Just a guess on my part.  There's something in Ayeka's past that she
still doesn't want to talk about.  I think it involves her search for
you and her reasons for searching for you.

Yoshou's eyes fill with tears.

TENCHI
I'm sorry Grandfather.  I didn't mean to...

YOSHOU (overlapping)
Tenchi!  You have nothing to apologize for.  I'm the one who needs to
apologize.

Tenchi reaches over and takes Yoshou's hand.

TENCHI
Can you tell me why?

Yoshou places his other hand on top of Tenchi's hand.

YOSHOU
It was my father's wish that I marry Ayeka.  I was going to fulfill his
wish…...

TENCHI
Then something happened, something that drove you from Jurai to never
return.

Yoshou nods his head.

YOSHOU
Ayeka was fourteen, and Sasami was seven when I betrayed Ayeka.

TENCHI
Betrayed?  How?

Yoshou sighs deeply.

YOSHOU
A woman came to me.  She looked like Ayeka would look when she was an
adult.  She was beautiful Tenchi.  I can't say she seduced me, because
she didn't.  It was my own lust for her that led me to take her to bed.

Tenchi nods his head.

TENCHI
Fine, you had a moment of indiscretion.  So what?

YOSHOU
>From that point on I no longer loved Ayeka as a future husband should
love his future wife.  The thought of marring her turned my stomach.

There is a pause as they sit quietly looking at each other.

TENCHI
What of the woman?

Yoshou closes his eyes.

YOSHOU
That is the part that drove me from Jurai.  She was Tsunami.

Tenchi moves back releasing Yoshou's hands.

TENCHI
What?  Oh...  Oh no...  What if Ayeka ever finds out?

YOSHOU
She knows.

Tenchi stands up suddenly.

TENCHI
What?!

Yoshou looks at Tenchi.

YOSHOU
Now you know why I was reluctant to tell you about my past.

TENCHI
What does she know?  How do you know she knows?

YOSHOU
Ayeka told Tsunami, and Tsunami told me.  Ayeka knows everything.  She
watched Tsunami and me make love.

Tenchi sits on the ground covering his face with his hands.

YOSHOU
I'm sorry Tenchi.  I'm sorry that I'm only human.

Yoshou stands up.

He begins to leave the area.

Tenchi drops his hands.

TENCHI
Wait!

Tenchi stands up.

He runs over to Yoshou and wraps his arms around him.

TENCHI
Grandfather...  Forgive me Grandfather.  I didn't mean to insult you.
I love you Grandfather.  I love you and nothing will change that.

Yoshou wraps his arms around Tenchi

YOSHOU
Tenchi...

TENCHI
I understand now.  Life isn't always what we want.  Sometimes it's one
hard lesson after another.

YOSHOU
Now you're starting to sound like me.

TENCHI
I can't think of anyone better to sound like.

Yoshou smiles for the first time that afternoon.

YOSHOU
Thank you Grandson.  Thank you.

FADE OUT:

END ACT ONE



ACT TWO

FADE IN:

INT. Family Room – DAY

The television is turned to a soap opera.

Ryoko and Ayeka sit on one couch.

Kiyone and Mihoshi sit on the other couch.

A commercial comes on television.

RYOKO
Ohhhh...  They just start to get it on and the show is over for the day!

MIHOSHI
I think it's sweet the way she loves the salesman.

AYEKA
I'll agree with you Ryoko.  This show just gets me worked up.

KIYONE
Why to you watch it then?

Ryoko begins laughing.

RYOKO
Because it's her night with Tenchi!

Ayeka blushes.

Mihoshi and Kiyone start laughing.

Washu walks into the room.

WASHU
I'm happy to see everyone in a good mood this afternoon.

Ayeka regains her composure and tries to look regal.

AYEKA
They were having fun making sport of me.

WASHU
You seemed to be enjoying it.

A broad smile crosses Ayeka's face.

AYEKA
Yes, yes I was.

The others slowly stop laughing.

RYOKO
What brings you out here mother?  The soap operas are over for the day.

WASHU
I have some more questions for Mihoshi.

Mihoshi's face saddens as she looks down at her lap.

Kiyone wraps her arms around Mihoshi.

KIYONE
Can't you see this is hurting her Washu?

Sasami and Kazuhiko enter from the kitchen.

KAZUHIKO
We're back from shopping…

Kazuhiko stops speaking when he sees Mihoshi's face.

KAZUHIKO
What's going on?

SASAMI
Little Washu?

Mihoshi raises her head and holds up her hand.

Everyone turns to face her.

MIHOSHI
You want to ask about Toraneko Gyousen.

Washu blinks in surprise.

WASHU
Yes, I did.  Records on Hekisui are pretty sketchy.

MIHOSHI
Her maiden name was Ukashu.

Washu enters some commands on her keyboard.

WASHU
She immigrated from Jurai.

Mihoshi nods her head as she lowers it again.

Ayeka's eyes go wide in shock.

SASAMI
Do you know that name sister?

AYEKA
I know of that name.  When did she immigrate from Jurai?

Washu studies her keyboard display.

WASHU
In the first year of Emperor Yoso

SASAMI
I don't remember an Emperor Yoso in my history class.

AYEKA
Those records were sealed!  How did you gain access to them?

Mihoshi begins to cry quietly.

WASHU
That would explain why the records I'm looking at are less than 800
years old.  This happened almost 10,000 years ago.  Oh my!

Ayeka moves to kneel in front of Mihoshi.

She takes Mihoshi's hand.

AYEKA
I'm so sorry Mihoshi, I'm so sorry.

SASAMI
What is it sister?  What happened Washu?

Washu's face grows pale as she reads the data.

WASHU
Toraneko Ukashu was the Minster of Commerce for Jurai.  A post she held
for 143 years.  I can see why Azusa sealed these records, but I wonder
why he dug them up in the first place.

Ayeka turns her head to face Washu.

AYEKA
He wanted to know more about Jurain history.  He wanted to know more
about the events after the death of Emperor Morikawa.  He was the one
the led the investigation into Emperor Yoso.  After he found out what
atrocities were committed he sealed the records for the good of Jurai.

KIYONE
Wasn't Emperor Morikawa the one that sacrificed his life to imprison
KAIN?

WASHU
Yes.

SASAMI
I don't understand.  I thought Emperor Ureharu took the throne after
Morikawa.  Why wasn't I told about this?  What atrocities?

AYEKA
Ureharu did take the throne after he killed Yoso, after Yoso's five-year
reign of terror.

MIHOSHI
It was long ago and forgotten now.  If you'll excuse me I'm going to go
for a walk.

KIYONE and KAZUHIKO
I'll go with you.

Kiyone and Kazuhiko look at each other.

Mihoshi stands holding onto Kazuhiko and Kiyone's hands.

MIHOSHI 
I'd like that.

Ayeka stands to with a pleading look in her eye.

MIHOSHI
It wasn't your fault Ayeka.  I'm happy that Toraneko was able to leave
Jurai.

Mihoshi's face shows a faint smile.

Mihoshi, Kiyone, and Kazuhiko leave the room.

Ayeka sits back down next to Ryoko.

Sasami and Washu sit on the other couch.

Washu continues to read the data on her keyboard.

SASAMI
Why don't I know any of this?

Ayeka holds back tears.

AYEKA
I'm sorry Sasami.  As future Empress I was told about it so that it
would be a lesson in government.

Washu shakes her head.

WASHU
This is unbelievable.  How could an advanced society allow for this to
happen?

Ayeka sighs deeply.

Ryoko takes a hold of Ayeka's hand.

AYEKA
What society is free of fear and prejudice?  Emperor Morikawa was loved
by the people.  KAIN shattered Jurai that day.

Sasami closes her eyes in concentration.

SASAMI
Tsunami's memories of that time are coming to me now.  How could we have
let that happen?

AYEKA
At first it was just deportations.  Emperor Yoso decreed that all
Non-Jurains had to leave Jurai.

WASHU
1.3 billion people were deported.

Ayeka's face grimaces.

AYEKA
Most of them to their deaths.  They were sent to planets without clean
air or water.

Sasami begins crying.

SASAMI
This is all wrong!

Ayeka holds her arms out to Sasami.

AYEKA
Sasami...

Sasami rushes into Ayeka's arms.

SASAMI
How could we have let this happen?

Ayeka holds Sasami tight to her chest.

AYEKA
Fear Sasami.  Fear let it happen.

Ryoko places a hand on the back of Sasami's head.

RYOKO
It was long ago Sasami

Sasami sobs against Ayeka's chest.

EXT. Practice Area – DAY

Yoshou and Tenchi sit on a log.

Tenchi is deep in thought.

TENCHI
Well now I understand both why you left Jurai and why you remained here
on Earth.

YOSHOU
At the time it seemed to be the best choice and once I made it I wasn't
going to back down from it.

Tenchi nods his head.

TENCHI
Thank you Grandfather.  This will make it easier for Ayeka to heal now.

A surprised look crosses Yoshou's face.

YOSHOU
How so?

TENCHI
When she is ready to tell me I'll be far more understanding with this
knowledge.  I don't want her to see the shock that I showed you.

Yoshou nods his head.

TENCHI
Yesterday you told me you're Miyamoto Musashi.  I thought he had a son
named Iori.

YOSHOU
Adopted son.

TENCHI
That's right.  Did you keep track of him?

Yoshou smiles brightly.

YOSHOU
Yes I did.  I always told Iori how beautiful the Okayama area was. 
After I died he moved to this area.

Tenchi smiles broadly.

TENCHI
Wow that's cool.  Do you think I can meet one of his descendants?

Yoshou begins to laugh.

YOSHOU
I'm sure of it!  You'll meet one this afternoon.

Tenchi's face shows a puzzled look.

TENCHI
This afternoon?

Tenchi's face lights up.

TENCHI
Father!

Yoshou nods as he laughs.

TENCHI
Then mother...  Did you bring the two of them together?

Yoshou stops laughing.

YOSHOU
No, I had nothing to do with that.

Tenchi shakes his head.

TENCHI
It seems remarkable that Mother would have picked Father out of so many
people.

YOSHOU
When I first met Iori I could see the Blood of Jurai flowed strongly
in him.  That strength passed down from generation to generation.

TENCHI
Mother must have seen the same thing in father.

Yoshou nods his head.

YOSHOU
Yes she did.  The blood remained true through the years.  As it remains
true in you today.

TENCHI
I see now why you told me that Mother was wise in her choice of
a husband.

YOSHOU
When I moved back here with Itsuki, I knew the Masaki family was in the
area.  I knew that Nobuyuki and Achika were born in the same year.
I just didn't give it any thought.

Tenchi nods his head.

TENCHI
Did the two of them grow up together?

YOSHOU
No.  Achika grew up here at the temple while Nobuyuki grew up in town.
Only in High School did they attend the same school, and then only in
their senior year did they share the same class.

TENCHI
Somehow it all seems to fit together perfectly.  Like it was meant to be.

Yoshou nods his head.

TENCHI
Are we going to practice today?

Yoshou smiles.

YOSHOU
Not today.  I feel like taking some time off.  You've lightened my heart
of a great burden Tenchi.

TENCHI
All right Grandfather.  I still want to know what you did for the last
400 years.

YOSHOU
Okay Tenchi.

TENCHI
I think for now I'll go back to the house and enjoy some time with my
wives.

Tenchi hugs Yoshou again.

He turns and walks out of the scene.

TSUNAMI (O.C.)
That went pretty well

Yoshou turns around.

EXT. Practice Area – DAY

Yoshou and Tsunami stand facing each other.

YOSHOU
Hello Tsunami.  Where's Washu?

TSUNAMI
She is getting her own history lesson with the girls.

Yoshou raises his eyebrows.

YOSHOU
Hmm?

TSUNAMI
Yoso

Yoshou closes his eyes as his face grimaces.

YOSHOU
Why must our past haunt us?

Tsunami closes the distance between her and Yoshou

She wraps Yoshou up in a hug.

Tsunami whispers in Yoshou's ear.

TSUNAMI
So that our future will not my love.

She kisses Yoshou.

EXT. Porch along the lake side of Tenchi's house.

Mihoshi sits on the edge with her feet dangling in the water looking
down.

Kiyone knells to Mihoshi's left.

Kazuhiko sits to Mihoshi's right.

There is concern on the faces of Kiyone and Kazuhiko.

Tenchi enters the scene.

TENCHI
Hi guys!

The three turn to face Tenchi.

Mihoshi's face is filled with sorrow.

TENCHI
What's wrong?

MIHOSHI
It's Ayeka.

TENCHI
What!?

Tenchi runs into the house.

KIYONE
Tenchi it's not...

Kiyone looks at Mihoshi

KIYONE
Why did...

A smile spreads across Mihoshi's face.

KIYONE
Do you ever stop manipulating people?

Kazuhiko looks at the two girls.

KAZUHIKO
Kiyone.

MIHOSHI
It's all right Kazuhiko.  No Kiyone, I never stop.  It's both a blessing
and a curse for me.

KAZUHIKO
What do you mean?

MIHOSHI
Ask Kiyone.

Kazuhiko looks Kiyone in the eye.

KIYONE
She has been manipulating my career all my life.   From the day she
walked into my room to now.  I'd swear she has been manipulating me
before I ever joined the academy.

MIHOSHI
You'd be right then Kiyone.

Kiyone's eyes go wide.

MIHOSHI
I first met you when you were just thirteen.  My mother went to
Ragarasan to do a lecture.

KIYONE
And?

Mihoshi smiles as she touches Kiyone's face.

MIHOSHI
Three years later I had my grandfather send two appointments for the
Galaxy Police to Ragarasan.  You got one of them.

Kiyone stands looking up at the sky.

KIYONE
How did you know I'd accept it?

MIHOSHI
I saw that hungry look of someone that wanted off their world, but
hadn't the means to escape.

Kiyone looks at Mihoshi as tears stream from her eyes.

KIYONE
Why?

INT. Living Room – DAY

Ryoko, Ayeka, and Sasami sit on one couch

Washu sits on the other couch with her holographic keyboard in front
of her.

Sasami clutches Ayeka while she cries.

Ayeka holds Sasami tightly.

Ryoko is petting Sasami's hair.

Tenchi runs into the room.

TENCHI
Ayeka!

Ayeka, Ryoko, and Washu turn to face Tenchi.

Tenchi moves behind the three on the couch.

TENCHI
What's wrong with Sasami?

SASAMI
Please don't hate us Tenchi.

Tenchi moves his mouth near Sasami's ear.

TENCHI
I'll never hate you Sasami.

Ayeka moves a hand to touch Tenchi's cheek.

Tenchi moves his eyes to look at Ayeka.

AYEKA
Tenchi long ago Jurai...

Ayeka begins to cry.

She closes her eyes and buries her face in Sasami's hair.

TENCHI
What?  What is it?

RYOKO
Tenchi.

Tenchi looks over at Ryoko.

Ryoko's face is filled with sadness.

RYOKO
You know that capturing KAIN caused the death of the Emperor of Jurai?

TENCHI
Yes.

Washu looks up from her laptop.

WASHU
The next Emperor, Yoso, blamed the Non-Jurains for the death of the
Emperor.  He had them deported and many died.

Tenchi looks over at Washu.

TENCHI
That has happened on Earth many times.  In the last World War over
30 million died.  Over six million of them were murdered because they
were outsiders.

WASHU
Almost one and a half billion people died.

Tenchi is stunned by the number.

TENCHI
How?

Ayeka is still sobbing.

AYEKA
They were sent to planets with bad air and water.  They were sent to
their deaths and no one tried to stop it.

WASHU
A small group tried.  There was a revolution to stop the deportations.

Ayeka shakes her head.

AYEKA
The revolution was crushed by Yoso and the Jurai military.  Millions
were put to death for treason.

WASHU
Not all the military went with the Emperor though.  Ureharu assassinated
Yoso and took the throne.  He put a stop to the deportations and tried 
to get the people back, but...

Tenchi looks over at Washu.

TENCHI
It was already to late to get them back.

Washu nods her head.

TENCHI
What brought all this up?

Ayeka stops crying.

AYEKA
Tenchi?

Tenchi hugs both Sasami and Ayeka tightly.

Ryoko hugs the three of them.

TENCHI
I love you both and nothing will change that.  The past is the past and
it's there for us to learn from it.

AYEKA
Thank you Tenchi.

Sasami shakes her head.

SASAMI
I never thought we could do something like that.

TENCHI
Grandfather told me that anyone could become hateful people, even us.

WASHU
Wise words, and cause for us to stay on our guard against the evil
that's inside.

TENCHI
So why did this come up.  Does it have something to do with Mihoshi?

Ayeka nods her head.

AYEKA
How did you know?

TENCHI
I saw Mihoshi on the way in here.  Her face was filled with sorrow, but
she said I needed to see my wives.

WASHU
It's really my fault.  I was digging into Mihoshi's past when this came
out.  One of Mihoshi's ancestors was the Minster of Commerce on Jurai.
She escaped Jurai just before the deportations began.

Tenchi moves an arm to include Ryoko in his group hug.

TENCHI
There is nothing in the past that can stand up to our love.

Tenchi lifts Ayeka's face with his hand.

TENCHI
Nothing.

AYEKA
Tenchi...

Tenchi kisses Ayeka and then turns and kisses Ryoko.

TENCHI
Why don't the two of you prepare a picnic and meet Sasami and me below
the shrine.

RYOKO
Okay Tenchi.

Ayeka nods her head.

Both Ryoko and Ayeka stand up and exit to the kitchen.

TENCHI
The past is past Sasami.  Neither you nor I can change it.

SASAMI
But the things we did...

TENCHI (Overlapping)
You did nothing Sasami.  Should I hate a people for all eternity for
something they did?  Is it still happening?

SASAMI
No.

TENCHI
That's because justice was done.  That one guy...

WASHU
Ureharu.

TENCHI
Yes, Ureharu.  He ended the terror and brought justice to those being
wronged.

SASAMI
It was too late.

TENCHI
No Sasami.  Justice is never too late.  It's better to be slow and sure.
Even if a few of the guilty get away.   Better than being swift and
having one innocent person pay for a crime.

Sasami sighs deeply.

She turns and looks at Tenchi's face.

Tenchi returns the look.

SASAMI
Why is it being kept secret?  Father didn't bother to tell me about it,
and he told Ayeka.

TENCHI
Did you think your age might have something to do with that?  How old
was Ayeka when she was told?  How old were you when you left Jurai?
If you hadn't left I'm sure your father would have told you.

SASAMI
Why does he keep it a secret though?  I think everyone should know.

TENCHI
One day you'll wear the Crown of Jurai, and you'll know the heart of
your people.  When you do you can decide what to keep secret and what
to tell.  I think you should ask your father first.  You may be
surprised at his reasons for not letting this out.  You may even agree
with him.

Sasami nods her head.

SASAMI
I'm sorry Tenchi.  This is such a shock to me.  Thank you for your
advice.

Tenchi chuckles slightly.

TENCHI
Grandfather would be happy to know that I did pay attention to his
lessons.

Tenchi stands pulling Sasami to her feet.

TENCHI
Are you ready to take a walk?

SASAMI
Yes Tenchi.  I love you.

TENCHI
I love you Sasami.

Both exit down the hallway.

Washu watches the two go and returns to studying her display.

EXT. Porch along the lake – DAY

Mihoshi sits on the edge of the porch with her feet in the water looking
up at Kiyone.

Kazuhiko kneels next to her trying to look at both girls at once.

Kiyone stands by Mihoshi looking down at her.

Tears stream from Kiyone's face.

MIHOSHI
It was the best choice to make at the time.

KIYONE
I don't understand.

Mihoshi stands up and hugs Kiyone.

MIHOSHI
What if I just say I did it because I love you?

KIYONE
Do you?

MIHOSHI
Yes I do.

Kazuhiko closes his eyes.

He stands and starts to walk off.	

MIHOSHI
Where are you going Kazuhiko?

KAZUHIKO
I just want to give you some private time.

MIHOSHI
See Kiyone?  Everyone thinks we're lovers.

Kazuhiko turns around.

KIYONE
Damn you Mihoshi.

KAZUHIKO
What is it?

MIHOSHI
How many dates did you have after you became my partner?

Kiyone sighs.

KIYONE
None.  No one wanted to be with the Marshall's granddaughter's lover.

MIHOSHI
I know how that upset you too.  Still I encouraged those rumors.

KAZUHIKO
What?

KIYONE
You knew?  Why didn't you do anything about it?

MIHOSHI
Do you remember Chiishi?

Kiyone nods as she dries her eyes.

MIHOSHI
I though you would.  You went steady with him during your junior year.

Kiyone's face shows a faint smile.

KIYONE
He was a very nice man.  He stopped seeing me at the start of my senior
year.

MIHOSHI
I told him you were my lover.

Kiyone is shocked.

Kazuhiko turns red.

KIYONE
What!?  I didn't even know you then.

MIHOSHI
What happened to Chiishi?

KIYONE
He left the academy in the middle of his senior year.  He went home for
a family emergency.

MIHOSHI
Would you have gone with him?

Kiyone thinks about it for a minute.

KIYONE
I might have.  He was so kind to me.  He was the first person that 
accepted me for what I was.

Mihoshi smiles and nods her head.

MIHOSHI
Do you know where Chiishi was from?

Kiyone shakes her head no.

MIHOSHI
He went back to Parusoin.

KAZUHIKO
I've heard that name.

KIYONE
That was the plant we stopped the Asabariban.

MIHOSHI
I believe you received and award for saving Parusoin.

KIYONE
That was all your doing.  You're the one that sent in the official
report.

KAZUHIKO
Wait a second.

Both girls look at Kazuhiko.

MIHOSHI
Go ahead Kazuhiko.

KAZUHIKO
What you're saying Mihoshi is that if you hadn't stopped Chiishi from
dating Kiyone she would have been on Parusoin when the Asabariban
invaded.

Mihoshi nods her head.

KIYONE
You would've still saved the planet Mihoshi.

Mihoshi shakes her head.

KIYONE
What would've happened?

Mihoshi reaches out to touch Kiyone's cheek.

Tears run from her eyes.

MIHOSHI
Parusoin would've been lost and you with it Kiyone.

Kiyone moves away from Mihoshi.

KIYONE
I refuse to believe that.  You'd come and save me.  If I were really
that important you wouldn't let me die.

Mihoshi kneels down to play in the water.

MIHOSHI
You don't understand.  If you had left I would have found another to 
take your place.  What missions would've followed would depend on that
person.

KIYONE
Why?  Why would you let a planet die for a partner you don't even know?

KAZUHIKO
Damn it!  Stop it you two.  All you're doing is hurting each other.
So Mihoshi has been manipulating your career?  Big deal.  Look at all
you've achieved.

Kiyone glares at Kazuhiko

KIYONE
I haven't achieved anything.  She did it all!

KAZUHIKO
Stop carrying on like a puppet.  All Mihoshi did was get you there.
You're the one that took action.

KIYONE
She's the one that sent in the reports.  She's the one that got me my
promotions.

Kiyone breaks down crying again.

KAZUHIKO
You're wrong Kiyone.

KIYONE
How can you know?

KAZUHIKO
Look at yourself!  You're the one doing all the work.  Mihoshi just
got you there.

KIYONE
But she...  She...

KAZUHIKO
She what?

Mihoshi stands back up.

She moves toward Kiyone and wraps her up in a big hug.

MIHOSHI
I never wanted to have this conversation with you.  I still have many
things for you to do.

KIYONE
It's too late for that now.

KAZUHIKO
No, it's not too late.  I know you love each other.  Can't that be
enough?

Both girls look at Kazuhiko.

Kazuhiko smiles back at them.

KAZUHIKO
I don't care who's manipulating my carrier.  I just want to do what
I can to make a difference.  You can still do that Kiyone.  You've been
doing that.

Kiyone sighs deeply.

She hugs Mihoshi tightly.

KIYONE
You're right Kazuhiko.  I'm sorry Mihoshi.

MIHOSHI
Thank you.

The three separate a small distance.

KIYONE
I still don't understand how you knew to separate me from Chiishi, and
Kazuhiko said you came to save me because of a message I sent, but
I never sent a message.

KAZUHIKO
Are you sure Kiyone?  I don't think Mihoshi would be mistaken about that.

KIYONE
Yagami was destroyed before I could send any messages.  Besides you
arrived just 10 days after I was captured.

EXT. Picnic area below the shrine – DAY

Sasami and Tenchi stand holding hands.

They look out over the valley.

Ayeka and Ryoko enter the scene.

Ayeka carries a blanket.

Ryoko carries a picnic basket.

RYOKO
Please lay the blanket out here Ayeka.

Ayeka lays the blanket out on the ground.

AYEKA
Is this the spot Nobuyuki and Achika would picnic?

Ryoko nods.

She sets out the food and plates on the blanket.

RYOKO
Yoshou and Itsuki would also picnic in this spot.

Tenchi and Sasami walk over.

TENCHI
That makes it the perfect spot for us.

All four sit down around the blanket.

Sasami sits to Tenchi's left.

Ryoko sits on Tenchi's right and Ayeka to Sasami's left.

AYEKA
How are you feeling Sasami?

SASAMI
I'm not sure what to feel.  Did father tell you why he kept it a secret?

Ayeka nods her head.

AYEKA
He felt the people didn't need to feel guilty for something that they
had no control over.

SASAMI
I still think they should know.

AYEKA
That will be your choice.  I can only ask that you know the heart of
your people first.

SASAMI
That's the same thing Tenchi said.

RYOKO
I never stopped to think about others.  I always did what I felt like
doing.  Now I can see how I hurt others.

TENCHI
Ryoko...

AYEKA (overlapping)
I understand sister for I did the same thing.  Please don't be blinded
to our faults by your love Tenchi.

Tenchi smiles.

TENCHI
Thank you Ayeka.  I guess I just don't want to see any of you dwell on
the past.  We have a bright future to build together.

The four begin eating.

Yoshou walks up to the group.

SASAMI
Please join us Grandfather.  There's plenty of food.

Yoshou sits down between Ayeka and Ryoko.

YOSHOU
I remember picnicking in this spot.

TENCHI
That is why we choose it.

YOSHOU
Do you remember the Shimawara uprising?

TENCHI
No.

YOSHOU
That was my last major command as Miyamoto Musashi.  It was a battle
against the Christians in Japan.  At the time I though they were an evil
that had plagued the land.

TENCHI
I remember now.

YOSHOU
Their fighters proved to be worthy opponents.  Once we defeated them
though; the rest kneeled down to be slaughtered.  They didn't resist.
Over 10,000 died that day.

SASAMI
Just because they were different?

Yoshou nods his head.

Tenchi reaches out toward his grandfather.

TENCHI
You told me that anyone could become hateful people.

Yoshou nods his head.

YOSHOU
At the time I thought I was doing the right thing.  Only after the fact
do I realize I had become what my mother tried to escape.  I had become
that hateful person that I was trying to defeat.

Tenchi lowers his arm.

TENCHI
Is that why you retired?

YOSHOU
After that I didn't want to play a role in politics.  I became a
wondering hermit or priest.

RYOKO
I remember when you moved back to Okayama.  You had Itsuki with you.

YOSHOU
I was near Nagasaki when the Americans dropped the nuclear bomb.  It was
a horror I never thought I'd see.

TENCHI
How close were you?

YOSHOU
Very close.  I went to help those I could, but most were beyond help.

All remain silent as Yoshou thinks about that time.

YOSHOU
I found Itsuki wondering alone.  Her parents were killed and she was
badly hurt.  I brought her to Funaho in hopes of healing her.  Funaho
did more than that.  She enabled Itsuki to bear a daughter for me.

Smiles cross everyone's face as they think of Achika.

SASAMI
Funaho was able to heal her?

YOSHOU
Not quite.  She did live for another fourteen years but died when Achika
was only six. The radiation made her age rapidly.

TENCHI
I didn't know that you were only with Grandmother for fourteen years.

YOSHOU
She's always with me.

The group reflects quietly and returns to eating.

EXT. Lake side porch – DAY

Mihoshi, Kiyone, and Kazuhiko stand facing each other in a small circle.

Mihoshi sits down and puts her feet in the water.

KIYONE
Well?  How did you know to get me?

KAZUHIKO
You must have sent a message.  How else could we know to get you?

KIYONE
Even if I sent a message the moment I was captured you wouldn't have
received by the time you showed up.

Kiyone and Kazuhiko stand staring at each other.

Mihoshi clears her throat.

MIHOSHI
You sent a message Kiyone.

KIYONE
When?

Mihoshi looks up at Kiyone.

MIHOSHI
It took us eight days to get to you.

Kiyone looks away as tears come to her eyes.

KIYONE
After two days they started torturing me, and...  And...

MIHOSHI
I know.  That's when you sent the message.

KIYONE
Damn it!  I couldn't send a message.  I didn't have any equipment.
I prayed that you would come and...

Mihoshi stands back up and faces Kiyone.

Kiyone turns around and looks at Mihoshi.

Tears run from both of them.

KIYONE
You heard my thoughts?

MIHOSHI
I came as soon as I could.  I'm sorry I couldn't get there any sooner.

Kiyone collapses in Mihoshi's arms.

KIYONE
Why?  Why?

Mihoshi strokes Kiyone's hair.

MIHOSHI
I love you Kiyone.  I've always loved you.

Mihoshi easily picks Kiyone up in her arms.

Kazuhiko leads the way back into the house opening the doors.

All three go inside.

FADE OUT:

END ACT TWO



ACT THREE

FADE IN:

INT. Dining room – DAY (Sunday, 12 July 1998; 11th Day, 5th Month)

Yoshou sits at one end of the table.  To his left sit Ryo-Ouki, Sasami,
and Kiyone.  To is right sit Tsunami, Ayeka, Tenchi, and Ryoko.  At the
opposite end sit Kazuhiko with Mihoshi on his right.

There is a place setting for Washu to Ryo-Ouki's right.

Everyone is eating dinner.

Washu enters the room.

Mihoshi sets down her chopsticks.

TENCHI
Hello Little Washu

WASHU
Hello everyone.  Anything left for me?

SASAMI
There's plenty to eat.

Washu sits at her place.

She takes some food.

Washu glances over at Mihoshi.

Mihoshi turns her head to look at Washu.

TENCHI
Little Washu?

WASHU
Yes.

TENCHI
Can you hold your questions till after dinner?

Washu nods her head.

TENCHI
Mihoshi?

MIHOSHI
Yes.

TENCHI
Please finish your meal.

Mihoshi picks up her chopsticks and starts eating again.

YOSHOU
How've you been Washu?

WASHU
Busy.  I think I'm near the end though.

SASAMI
Is it that important Ms. Washu?

Washu stops eating and looks over at Sasami.

WASHU
What do you mean?

Sasami stops eating and looks Washu in the eye.

SASAMI
How much are you willing to pay for your quest for the truth?

TENCHI
That's enough!  Lets keep dinner to mundane topics.

WASHU and SASAMI
Yes Tenchi.

Both return to eating.

INT. Dining room – DAY

Yoshou, Washu, Ryo-Ouki, Sasami, Kiyone, Mihoshi, Kazuhiko, Ryoko,
Tenchi, Ayeka, and Tsunami sit around the table.

The meal has just finished.

WASHU
I've come to a stand still in my research.

Everyone looks at Washu.

Washu sighs.

MIHOSHI
What do you want to know Ms. Washu?

Washu's holographic keyboard appears in front of her.

WASHU
I've traced back to Watsume Akyuudo.  She immigrated to Jurai during the
412th year of Emperor Hiran.

Both Ayeka and Sasami have a puzzled look.

Yoshou smiles.

YOSHOU
That is a very long time ago!

AYEKA
How long?  I don't remember that name.

WASHU
About 20,000 years ago.

SASAMI
Wow!

MIHOSHI
What else happened that year Ms. Washu?

Washu gives Mihoshi a questioning look.

WASHU
What do you mean?

MIHOSHI
What else happened that year?

WASHU
I don't understand.

TENCHI
Even I don't understand Mihoshi.  What is it you want Washu to remember?

Mihoshi closes her eyes and takes a deep breath.

She opens her eyes and points her finger at Washu.

MIHOSHI
What did you do that year!

WASHU
Me?

Ryo-Ouki moves away from Washu and clutches onto Sasami.

RYO-OUKI
Miya?

KIYONE
Take it easy Mihoshi.

MIHOSHI
I'm a Galaxy Police Detective and right now I'm on duty.  Answer the
question Ms. Washu.

KAZUHIKO
Mihoshi?

WASHU
I don't understand the question!

Tenchi waves to both of them.

TENCHI
Let's try and calm down.

MIHOSHI
What did you do that year Ms. Washu?

Washu looks lost.

She looks around at the others to see them looking back at her.

She can barely whisper.

WASHU
I took over the Science Academy that year.

MIHOSHI
Why?!

WASHU
It...  It was offered to me.

Mihoshi lowers her hand.

MIHOSHI
It had been offered to you every four years for sixty years.  Why did
you take it then?

WASHU
What do you want from me?!

MIHOSHI
Why did you decide to accept the appointment after sixty years of
refusing it?

Washu shakes her head as tears spring to her eyes.

Yoshou stands up.

Tsunami stands up with him.

She wraps her arms around Yoshou pinning his arms to his side and
preventing him from moving.

YOSHOU
Stop this!

Mihoshi look up at Yoshou.

MIHOSHI
I warned her.  I tried to stop her before, but she kept on digging into
my past.

She looks back down at Washu.

MIHOSHI
If she wants my help she'll answer my questions.

Washu continues to shake her head.

WASHU
I can't...  I can't...

TENCHI
Mihoshi is this necessary?

MIHOSHI
That's up to her.

Washu begins crying loudly.

WASHU
No.  No.

Washu touches her keyboard.

A portal opens up beside her.

Washu stands and jumps at the portal.

Mihoshi quickly reaches out and touches the keyboard.

Several Ryo-Oukis and a few Ryokos pop out of the keyboard.

The portal disappears before Washu enters it.

Washu falls to the ground changing into her little girl form.

She is sobbing.

Yoshou struggles to get free.

Tsunami shows no strain holding him in place.

Tenchi stands only to have Ayeka and Ryoko grab his hands.

TENCHI
Please Mihoshi.  You're hurting her.

MIHOSHI
I know that Tenchi.  I know that.

Tenchi sits back down between his wives.

MIHOSHI
Tell me why Ms. Washu?

WASHU
I can't.  I can't.

Mihoshi stands.

MIHOSHI
Very well then.  It ends here.  Your quest for answers is over.

Mihoshi moves to the family room door.

WASHU
I couldn't go back.  I couldn't.

Mihoshi rests her hand on the doorframe.

She doesn't turn around.

MIHOSHI
Why?

Washu lets out a wail.

WASHU
He was still alive!

MIHOSHI
Who?

WASHU
My son.  My son was still alive!

Mihoshi takes a deep breath and turns around.

She walks over to the red haired child.

Washu sobs.

WASHU
He was still alive.

Mihoshi kneels down beside Washu.

She pulls Little Washu into her lap pressing her face against her chest.

MIHOSHI
Why did you keep your husband's name all these years?

Washu's voice is muffled.

WASHU
What?

MIHOSHI
The Hakubi name.  You kept it even after your husband left you.  After
20,000 years you still keep the name.

WASHU
It was my only link to my son.  It was all I had left.

Mihoshi gently strokes Washu's hair.

MIHOSHI
Do you remember the last two letters your son sent to you?

Washu tries to push away from Mihoshi.

Mihoshi shows a little strain holding Washu against her chest.

WASHU
No.  Please don't.

MIHOSHI
The next to last letter he sent you was an invitation to his wedding.

WASHU
Please stop.

MIHOSHI
You didn't even send a 'Sorry I can't make it' answer.  You sent nothing
at all.

Washu shakes her head.

MIHOSHI
The last letter he sent he was certain that you would come.  After all
it was to his father's funeral.

WASHU
I couldn't.  I'm sorry.

MIHOSHI
Again you sent no reply at all.  Nothing.

WASHU
Please stop.  Please.

YOSHOU
That's enough Mihoshi.  Save your questions for another time.

Mihoshi looks at Yoshou and shakes her head.

MIHOSHI
I'm sorry Grandfather, but I can't do that.

YOSHOU
Why?

MIHOSHI
The time for answers is now.

KIYONE
How do you know those things Mihoshi?

Mihoshi gives a bright smile.

MIHOSHI
I've been waiting for this day and I've come prepared.

TENCHI
Mihoshi...

MIHOSHI
Yes Tenchi.

Tenchi sighs.

TENCHI
Let's finish this.

Mihoshi nods her head.

MIHOSHI
Do you remember the name of your son's wife?

Washu nods her head against Mihoshi's chest.

WASHU
Sohoshi.  Sohoshi Kousa

MIHOSHI
They were married for forty years.  She died just one year before his
father died.

WASHU
I didn't know that.

MIHOSHI
You didn't come to the wedding so your son didn't see any reason to
invite you to his wife's funeral.

Washu cringes.

RYOKO
That went to far Mihoshi!

Mihoshi smiles and looks over at Ryoko.

MIHOSHI
I haven't even begun to get there yet.

Ryoko's eyes narrow and she grits her teeth.

WASHU
I'm sorry.  I'm so sorry.

MIHOSHI
With his wife and father gone he faded fast.  Two years later he was
dead.

WASHU
I couldn't see him.  Don't you understand I couldn't?

MIHOSHI
There is something else your son didn't tell you.  Sohoshi and he had
a child.

Washu looks up at Mihoshi.

WASHU
A child?

Mihoshi smiles and nods her head.

Washu lowers her head to Mihoshi's chest.

WASHU
I didn't know.  I didn't know.

MIHOSHI
You've never seen a picture of Sohoshi.

Washu shakes her head.

Mihoshi swipes her hand over the keyboard.

All the Ryo-Oukis and Ryokos disappear.

Mihoshi enters a few commands.

The wall to her right glows.

Except for Mihoshi and Washu everyone turns to look at the wall.

All there eyes go wide.

TENCHI
Mi...  Mihoshi.

Washu turns her head to look at the wall.

WASHU
Dear god.  I...  How?

INT. Dining room wall – DAY

A picture of Mihoshi with short blond hair wearing an old style Science
Academy uniform is on the wall.

MIHOSHI (O.C.)
Their daughter.

A picture of Mihoshi with very long blond hair wearing a peasant blouse.

MIHOSHI (O.C.)
Her name was Watsume Habuki.

Tenchi shakes his head in disbelief.

TENCHI (O.C.)
They look like you Mihoshi.

INT. Dining room – DAY

Yoshou, Sasami, Kiyone, Kazuhiko, Ryoko, Tenchi, and Ayeka sit around
the table.

Ryo-Ouki holds onto Sasami.

Mihoshi kneels near the table with the child Washu in her lap.

MIHOSHI
Here's a picture of her daughter Uguisu.

A picture of Mihoshi with short curly brown hair wearing a Jurai
military uniform.

SASAMI
She has brown hair.

MIHOSHI
By changing our hairstyle and dying it we could separate our selves from
each other.

WASHU
Genetic clones.

Mihoshi nods her head.

MIHOSHI
That's right.  Thanks to your handiwork a race was created.  We're both
blessed and cursed by what you did.

WASHU
I didn't know.

MIHOSHI
How could you know?  You manipulated your husband's genes to bear him
a son.  Your son then finds the one person in the universe that would
provide a genetic mix that would be locked for all time.

WASHU
No errors or deviations?

MIHOSHI
None.  My DNA is identical to Watsume's

Ryoko's face lights up.

RYOKO
That's why mom couldn't test your mother's or grandmother's DNA.  It was
like testing yours.

Mihoshi nods.

WASHU
You've always known this?

Mihoshi nods again.

AYEKA
You said it was both a blessing and curse.

Mihoshi smiles.

MIHOSHI
I've been blessed with strength, intelligence, and a long life.

WASHU
Each generation only has one girl.

MIHOSHI
Not very viable for a species, is it?

Mihoshi taps a command on the keyboard.

MIHOSHI
Here's a picture of Uguisu's daughter, Sotsuki and her fraternal twin
brother Kamiwaza.

A picture of Mihoshi with short black hair in Jurain robes, and a blond
man with Mihoshi's facial features wearing a Jurai military uniform.

SASAMI
He looks very handsome.

AYEKA
He does look good in that uniform.  What became of him?

Mihoshi sighs.

MIHOSHI
He lived to be 129.  Sadly the males are born sterile.  There was no
hope of passing on his genes.  

SASAMI
That's so sad.

WASHU
He was one of three.

Mihoshi nods her head.

RYOKO
Why only one daughter each generation?

Mihoshi sighs.

MIHOSHI
That is another part of the curse.  Somewhere out there is the one man
that will help me bear a child.  I know I'll have a daughter unless I'm
lucky enough to have one of the cherished sons.  All I really need from
him is his X chromosome.  The rest will be replaced by my genetic
material.

Mihoshi turns and looks at Kazuhiko.

Tears run from her eyes.

MIHOSHI
When I find him my need to bear a child will take over my self will.
I could be lucky like my mother.  She was single when she meet father,
and they fell in love with each other.

Mihoshi's face grimaces as if in pain.

MIHOSHI
You asked why I didn't speak of my mother's father.  My life could turn
out like my grandmother's.  She was married when she meet him.  She left
her husband behind so she could bear my mother.  She left him for a life
of living hell.  A hell that lasted for nine years only to end when my
mother killed her own father.

Tears pour down on Washu's head.

WASHU
I'm so sorry.  If I'd know what would have happened I could...

MIHOSHI (overlapping)
Think about this.  If you hadn't done what you did you'd be trapped on
the Souja with the bitter knowledge that everyone in this house would
be dead, and there was nothing you could have done to stop it.

Washu continues to cry.

WASHU
I'm sorry.  I'm sorry.

YOSHOU
Please stop this Mihoshi.

Mihoshi shakes her head.

MIHOSHI
At Sohoshi's funeral your son told Watsume that she and her children
should never come into contact with his mother.  

Washu wails loudly.

WASHU
I'm so sorry.

TENCHI
How can you know that Mihoshi?

Mihoshi shows a grim smile.

MIHOSHI
Another curse, or is it a blessing, of the family is a genetic memory.
I have all of Soshoshi's memories up to when Watsume was born, and so
on generation after generation.

SASAMI
Oh my...

Mihoshi looks over at Sasami with sadness on her face.

MIHOSHI
So when I say I know my mother killed her father it's as if I did it
myself.

WASHU
I'm sorry.

Mihoshi swipes her hand over the keyboard and it disappears.

She looks up at Yoshou and nods her head.

Tsunami lets him go.

As Yoshou moves forward Mihoshi stands with Washu in her arms.

She places the child in Yoshou's waiting arms.

Mihoshi leans down and whispers in Washu's ear loud enough for all to
hear.

MIHOSHI
I know this as though I was standing there.  On his deathbed your son
said this to Watsume.  "Remember to never come in contact with my
mother, but I want you to know this.  I love her with all of my heart
and soul, and I hope one day she'll find it in herself to forgive me."

Mihoshi lightly kisses Washu's cheek.

WASHU
I'm sorry.

Mihoshi turns and runs from the room toward the front of the house.

Kazuhiko and Kiyone stand holding hands and rush after Mihoshi.

WASHU
I'm sorry.

Yoshou slowly walks into the kitchen carrying Washu gently in his arms.

Tsunami follows behind him.

The remaining five sit in silence.

The sound of the front door slamming shut.

The sound of the back door closing.

Ryoko looks around.

RYOKO
That was certainly unexpected.

SASAMI
Mihoshi is a descendent of Ms. Washu.

AYEKA
I guess that make you her aunt Ryoko.

RYOKO
I don't think I can handle Mihoshi calling me auntie.

Ayeka places her hand over her still flat stomach.

AYEKA
I hope this one can call you auntie.

Ryoko giggles.

RYOKO
That one can call me anything.  I still plan on spoiling it rotten.

SASAMI
Do you think they'll be okay Tenchi?

TENCHI
I don't know Sasami.  I just don't know.

Silence returns to the room.

EXT. Front of Tenchi's house – DAY

Mihoshi stands on the front walk facing away from the house.

Kazuhiko and Kiyone stand side by side in front of her.

KIYONE
So you're really smart then?

Mihoshi nods her head.

KIYONE
Why did you play dumb all the time?

Mihoshi shrugs her shoulders.

Kazuhiko turns to look at Kiyone.

KAZUHIKO
Because she's really smart.

Kiyone turns to face Kazuhiko.

KIYONE
What do you mean?

KAZUHIKO
How hard have you worked because you didn't think your partner could
handle it?  How much have you learned because Mihoshi couldn't do it?
How much have you matured while you've been with her?

KIYONE
I...

Mihoshi turns Kiyone's face toward herself.

MIHOSHI
I don't see that girl I first met in her dorm room the night before
graduation.

Kiyone wraps Mihoshi up in a tight hug.

KIYONE
Thank you.

Mihoshi's voice returns to its sweet self.

MIHOSHI
You know what we should do now?

KAZUHIKO
What?

MIHOSHI
Kiyone knows.

Kiyone holds Mihoshi at arms length.

KIYONE
Karaoke!

KAZUHIKO
Karaoke?

MIHOSHI
Karaoke!

KAZUHIKO
Karaoke it is.

The three get into Kazuhiko's car.

Mihoshi and Kiyone sit in the back seat.

The car pulls out of the carport and drives away.

INT. Temple bedroom – DAY

Yoshou kneels by the futon.

He cradles the child Washu in his arms.

Tsunami kneels behind him.

WASHU
I'm sorry.  I'm sorry.

YOSHOU
Please Washu.  Come back to me.

Tears fall from Yoshou's eyes.

Tsunami lays a hand on his shoulder.

YOSHOU
I could have ruled the universe, and I'm powerless to help one that
I love.

Tsunami squeezes his shoulder.

WASHU
I'm sorry.  I'm sorry.

INT. Tenchi's bedroom – NIGHT (Monday, 13 July 1998; 12th Day, 5th Month)

Tenchi lies sleeping in the middle of the bed.

To his right lie Ryoko and Sasami.

To his left lie Ayeka and Ryo-Ouki.

Light in the outline of a door shines on Tenchi's face.

He opens his eyes.

INT. Tenchi's bedroom – NIGHT

Yoshou stands in the doorway silhouetted by the common area light.

He motions for Tenchi to join him in the common area.

INT. Third floor common area – NIGHT

Yoshou stands waiting.

Tenchi's bedroom door opens and Tenchi steps out into the common area.

TENCHI
What is it Grandfather?

YOSHOU
Washu's gone.

TENCHI
I thought she left with you last night.

Yoshou nods his head.

YOSHOU
She was gone when I woke up.

TENCHI
Tsunami?

YOSHOU
She's gone too.

Tenchi nods his head.

He moves down the stairs.

Yoshou follows close behind.

INT. First floor landing – NIGHT

Tenchi comes down the stairs.

Yoshou follows closely.

Tenchi pushes on the lab door.

He stops just short of hitting his face on the door.

He pushes on the door again.

TENCHI
She's locked me out.

Yoshou sighs.

He sits on the bottom step.

TENCHI
I'll get Mihoshi.  I don't think Little Washu can lock her out.

Tenchi runs up the stairs.

Yoshou doesn't move.

INT. Second floor common area – NIGHT

The area is empty.

Tenchi comes running up the stairs.

He knocks on Mihoshi's bedroom door.

With no answer he opens the door.

INT. Mihoshi's bedroom – NIGHT

The bed is made, and the room empty.

INT. Second floor Common area – NIGHT

Tenchi closes Mihoshi's bedroom door.

He moves over to Kazuhiko's bedroom door and knocks.

With no answer he opens the door.

INT. Kazuhiko's bedroom – NIGHT

The bed is made, and the room empty.

INT. Second floor Common area – NIGHT

Tenchi closes Kazuhiko's bedroom door.

He moves over to Kiyone's bedroom door and knocks.

With no answer he opens the door.

INT. Kiyone's bedroom – NIGHT

The bed is made, and the room empty.

INT. Second floor Common area – NIGHT

Tenchi closes Kiyone's bedroom door.

He runs down the stairs.

INT. First floor landing – NIGHT

Yoshou sits on the bottom step.

Tenchi runs down the stairs and sits next to Yoshou.

TENCHI
She's not here.

Yoshou stares at his hands and says nothing.

TENCHI
She'll be all right Grandfather.

Yoshou says nothing.

He doesn't move.

TENCHI
I'm going out to get an early start on the fields.  Ryoko has breakfast
this morning.  Let her know where I'm at.

Tenchi forces a laugh.

TENCHI
I wouldn't mind her delivering breakfast.

Tenchi squeezes Grandfather's shoulder.

He stands and moves down the hall to the back door.

Yoshou remains silent and unmoving.

INT. Dining room – NIGHT

Ryo-Ouki and Sasami, sit on one side of the table.  Ayeka, Tenchi,
and Ryoko sit on the other side.

There are place settings for Yoshou, Washu, Tsunami, Kiyone, Mihoshi,
and Kazuhiko.

SASAMI
Grandfather is still sitting on the stairs.

Tenchi nods his head.

SASAMI
Can you do anything Tenchi?

Tenchi shakes his head.

TENCHI
He needs some time Sasami.

AYEKA
Does anyone know where Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Kazuhiko went?

Tenchi shakes his head again.

TENCHI
I'm sure they're okay Ayeka.  I think Mihoshi just needs a little time,
and Kiyone and Kazuhiko are helping her through this.

AYEKA
Of course Tenchi.

Tenchi finishes his meal.

He fills Grandfather's plate.

Tenchi carries the plate from the room.

INT. First floor landing – NIGHT

Grandfather sits on the bottom step.

Tenchi enters and places a plate on his lap.

TENCHI
Please take it Grandfather.

Yoshou's hand closes on the plate.

TENCHI
You should get some sleep.

Yoshou remains quite.

Tenchi squeezes his shoulder.

He stands and moves up the stairs.

INT. First floor landing – DAY (Tuesday, 14 July 1998; 13th Day,
5th Month)

Yoshou sits on the bottom step.

The plate on his lap untouched.

Tenchi comes down the stairs.

He takes the plate from Yoshou's lap.

Tenchi moves off down the wide hallway.

INT. First floor landing – NIGHT

Yoshou sits on the bottom step.

Tenchi sits beside him.

TENCHI
Grandfather?

Yoshou remains silent.

TENCHI
Grandfather!

Yoshou turns his head to face Tenchi.

TENCHI
I'll take over the watch.  Please get some sleep.  You can use one of
the spare bedrooms down the hall.

Yoshou says nothing.

He returns to looking at his hands.

TENCHI
That wasn't a request.  Do you trust me Grandfather?

YOSHOU
Tenchi...

Tenchi takes hold of Yoshou's shoulder.

TENCHI
Tenchi nothing.  If you don't move now I'll carry you to the room.
Then who'll watch the door?

Yoshou looks back over at Tenchi.

YOSHOU
I'm afraid that I've lost her forever.

TENCHI
She's tougher than you'll ever know Grandfather.

YOSHOU
She...  When I carried her home she...

Tears run from Yoshou's eyes.

TENCHI
Please get some rest Grandfather.  I'll keep the watch.

YOSHOU
I don't know what to do.

TENCHI
Trust me Grandfather.  Please.

Yoshou stands.

He moves slowly down the hall turning into the last bedroom.

Ayeka walks up to Tenchi.

TENCHI
Ayeka...

AYEKA
I understand Tenchi.

Ayeka kisses Tenchi

She moves up the stairs.

Ryoko, Sasami, and Ryo-Ouki walk past Tenchi and up the stairs.

INT. First floor landing – NIGHT

Tenchi paces the floor in front of the lab door.

The noise of off key singing by Kazuhiko and Kiyone can be heard.

Tenchi stops and faces the front door.

INT. Foyer – NIGHT.

Tenchi stands in front of the lab door facing the front door.

The front door slides open.

Mihoshi with some blush in her face stands in the opening.

Kazuhiko and Kiyone stand behind her leaning on each other.

Both of them are singing badly.

Mihoshi turns around.

MIHOSHI
Quiet you two.  Do you want to wake up Sasami?

Both stop singing.

They shake their heads.

Mihoshi turns back around.

MIHOSHI
Where's Grandfather?

TENCHI
I finally got him to go to bed.

Mihoshi smiles and nods.

MIHOSHI
You're the one she needs now.

TENCHI
What can I do?

MIHOSHI
You'll think of something.

Mihoshi walks up to Tenchi.

She pushes the lab door open.

She points a thumb over her shoulder.

MIHOSHI
I have to get these two to bed.  I'll be here when you come back out.

Tenchi nods.

He enters the lab.

INT. Washu's lab – NIGHT

The lab is dark except for the light from the doorway.

Tenchi stands just inside the door.

The door closes leaving Tenchi in darkness.

He stands still until he can see a faint red glow from one direction.

Tenchi slowly walks toward the glow.

A silhouette of a small girl lying on a floating pillow is highlighted
by the glow.

The glow comes from the dancing crabs on Washu's screen saver.

Tenchi walks up to Washu.

He sits on the floor facing away from Washu, and leans his head against
the small of her back.

WASHU
What do you want Tenchi?

TENCHI
I wanted to see how you're doing?

WASHU
I'm fine thank you.

TENCHI
That's good.

Both sit in silence.

WASHU
Was there something else you wanted?

TENCHI
A few things.

Both sit in silence.

TENCHI
I was wondering why you locked me out of your lab?

WASHU
I wanted to be alone.

TENCHI
Fair enough.  Why are you still lying here in the dark?

WASHU
I'm tired Tenchi.

TENCHI
So this is how it's going to end?  With a whimper instead of a bang?
I thought the day you quit would be the day you destroyed the universe.

Washu lets out a sob.

WASHU
You don't understand what I've done.

TENCHI
Where have I heard that before?  Lets see if I can guess?

Both sit in silence.

TENCHI
Truth is I'll never really understand what you did.  I'm not as strong
as you Washu.

WASHU
What do you mean?

TENCHI
I could easily die for my wives or for my future children.  I wouldn't
give it a second thought to give my life for my friends.

Tenchi waits but Washu doesn't respond.

TENCHI
Of course they'll be left behind to grieve for me.  I'll be dead after
all.  You, Washu, died for your son without dying.  From the day he was
taken away you became dead to him.  You didn't want anything about you
to hold him back.  Yet you still lived.  He knew you still lived.  Yet
you didn't come back to life for him.

Washu wails.

WASHU
What else could I do?

Tenchi thinks about that.

TENCHI
You got all those letters from him.  You couldn't reply because you were
dead.  He didn't understand what you've done for him.  Because of that
Mihoshi couldn't understand either.

Washu shakes with her sobbing.

WASHU
I'm sorry Tenchi.

TENCHI
I've heard that before too.  Yes, you are sorry Little Washu.  Sorry
for giving up on yourself.  Your son loved you.  He loved you to his
dying breath.  Now you've decided to die with out a fight.  Why didn't
you just take your life 20,000 years ago and save us from this grief?

WASHU
I...  I couldn't let go of him.  Even when I decided to remove myself
from his life I still couldn't let go of him.

TENCHI
Why are you letting go now?

WASHU
I...  I don't know what to do.  Please help me Tenchi.

TENCHI
I could give you the answer, but I won't.

WASHU
Why?

TENCHI
Would you give the answer to your students?

WASHU
No.  If I did they wouldn't learn anything.

TENCHI
It's time for you to learn something Little Washu.

Tenchi feels Washu move behind him.

He leans forward.

The lab lights come on very dim and slowly brighten.

Tenchi turns around.

An adult Washu sits on her floating pillow.

WASHU
Mihoshi let you in?

TENCHI
Yes.  You never could lock her out.

WASHU
Would you ask her to come in please?

TENCHI
Yes Little Washu.  She's waiting outside.

Tenchi stands.

He turns Washu to face him.

Tenchi wipes away the tears with his thumbs.

He kisses her.

TENCHI
I love you Little Washu.

Washu hugs Tenchi tightly.

WASHU
Thank you.

Tenchi stands and walks to the door.

He pushes the door open and steps out.

INT. First floor landing – NIGHT

Mihoshi stands outside the lab door.

The door opens and Tenchi steps out.

TENCHI
She'd like to see you.

Mihoshi smiles.

She walks past Tenchi and enters the lab.

Tenchi walks down the hall to the last spare bedroom.

INT. Washu's lab – NIGHT

Washu sets on her floating pillow.

Mihoshi walks up to her.

WASHU
Hello Mihoshi.

MIHOSHI
Hello Ms. Washu.

WASHU
What did Watsume tell Uguisu about me?

MIHOSHI
She told Uguisu to never come in contact with you.  If she or her
children ever did you would destroy them because they were a mistake
that you made.

Washu begins crying.

WASHU
Why did you release me then?

MIHOSHI
Two reasons.

Washu wipes at her face but the tears keep coming.

MIHOSHI
First my destruction at your hands was the best option.  If I hadn't
released you the universe would've been lost.

Washu regains her composure.

WASHU
The other reason.

MIHOSHI
Your son's words to Watsume took hold of my heart.

Washu nods her head.

WASHU
I forgive my son.

MIHOSHI
For what?

WASHU
I forgive him for not trying to find me.  I forgive him for not telling
me everything about his life.  I forgive him for hiding his daughter
from me.

Both look at each other in silence.

MIHOSHI
Is that all?

WASHU
Most of all I forgive him for being ashamed of his love for me.

Mihoshi wraps Washu up in a big hug.

MIHOSHI
Thank you grandmother.  Those words will be passed on to my daughter
and hers for all eternity.

Washu starts crying again.

Mihoshi joins her with tears of her own.

WASHU
Thank you Mihoshi.  Thank you for giving me the chance to forgive my son.

INT. First floor landing – NIGHT

Yoshou and Tenchi stand outside the lab door.

The door opens and Mihoshi steps out.

She stands to one side so that Washu can walk past her.

Yoshou and Washu hug each other.

They kiss

Tenchi takes Mihoshi's hand.

The two of them walk up the stairs.

FADE OUT:

THE END
