Intro:What?Someone else falls to earth?!A new guy? At lest he's not a
ruthless bounty hunter.Oh,so he is a cold warrior......

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

---------------------------------------------------
                                 Part one:No need for cold warriors!
"Hey mon calm down!" Said Zack to his brother. They just stared at each
other
for a moment.Zack had long black hair and brown eyes.Cliff had long brown
hair and blue eyes "Gah!How am I supposed to calm down!!!Let's just recap on
what we just found out. First we find out that Kagato is dead, that means
his
bounty off we don't get the cash. Without cash we can't pay rent that means
no apartment which means no where to stay. And I was also going to be so
happy bringing his head to the galaxy police. Then I wouldn't be the black
sheep of the family........." Cliff sighed after his long statement to his
brother. "Hey your're not the black sheep." "N-n-n- not the black sheep?!O.K
let's think for a moment about reasons I am.
One:I was always avoided by the family even Mom and dad pretended I wasn't
there.
Two:I was exiled for no reason at all. Three:When I won the 'greatest
fighters tournament' for the sxith time I got a greeting card from Mom and
Dad saying by fighting I shamed the family." "Hey at lest when you were
exiled you trained your mind and body and now your the most powerful being
in
the galaxy." "Hey,you guys gonna buy some drinks or what?" Cliff had nearly
forgotten they were in a bar. "Wine." Said Zack. "Oh I don't care mix
something strong,I've grown tired of wine." "O.K one wine and one drunken
cabbit." Cliff and his brother quckly gulped down their drinks. "O.K Zack I
got an idea." "Whhhhhhhhhaaaaaaattttttttt issssssss ittttttttttt." Said Zack
slightly drunk. "Theres still a price on Ryoko right?" "Yeah....(hic)your
not
going to(hic) kill her right?" "Of course not I don't kill women I want to
turn her in." "Oh that'll work man." "Well see ya!" "Yeah see ya man.Hey
remember (hic) two rights make a left." Cliff jumped into his ship and flew
away. "Hey,how am I supposed to get home?" "I have space in my apartment."
Said the bar hostess. "Cool man."

"Ugh how much longer till' we get to earth?" "Fifteen seconds until impact"
Said the computer. "WHAT!!!!" Before Cliff knew it he had already jumped out
of ship.It landed er...crased into a small pond by a house.He landed face
first on the ground. "Whos he?" Said Tenchi. "Dosen't matter he's dead
anyway." Said Washu. Then Cliff stood up and said:"Wheres Ryoko." "Amazing
he
should of died on impact!"
_____________________________________________________________________
 Howed ya like it?
Questions comments E-mail me at SSGoten5899@aol.com

All charaters are not owned by me.Excpt for Cliff I made him up myself!
