  NOTE: This story is being told from Sasami's point of veiw. And also,
Tenchi's dad and grandfather arent in the story. Tenchi lives Alone w/ da
girls.
  NOTICE: I don't own Tenchi Muyo or any other related stuff, so please
don't
sue me!

     I shuddered as the thunder rumbled again. I squeezed Ryo-ohki tightly.
   "Meow!" She said.
   "Oh, I'm sorry, Ryo-ohki," I said, letting her go.
   It was sighlent for a while. The only sound I could hear was the water
running as Tenchi finished washing the dishes.
   "Sasami! Time for bed!" my sister, Ayeka, said. "It's way past your bed
time. Oh, and yes, you can sleep in my room tonight since your afraid of the
storm."
   I could have KILLED her for that! How could she say that infront of
Tenchi?!
   "Ayeka!!!!!! I'm not a little kid anymore!!! I'm not afraid of a little
rain," I lied.
   "Alright..." Ayeka said, climbing the stairs.
   After I brushed my teeth, I hopped into bed and forced myself to fall
asleep.

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*An hour later....*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

   BOOM!!!!!
   My eyelids flew open as the thunder blasted and litterely shook the whole
house.
 I thought, tip-toeing out of bed and looking out the window.
   I screamed.
   "TENCHI!" I shouted, running out of my room and almosed bashing my head
on
the door frame. "TENCHI!!!!" I rushed down the hall and flung open the door
to his room. "TENCHIIIIIIIIIII!!!!" I jumped on his bed and started shaking
him by his shirt collar.
   "What is it Sasami?" he asked, prying my hands off the T-shirt he slept
in.
   "Tenchi! Tenchi!" I sobbed. "Look out the wondow!" I didn't know exactly
what it was that I saw, but I knew it had to be bad. I dragged him out of
bed
and to his window by his closet. I couldn't see anything except an eerie
green sky. "C'mon! You can see it better out of my window." I dragged Tenchi
to my room and pointed out the window towards the black funnel cloud I had
seen earlier. Somehow, it seemed a lot closer.
   "Aaaah!" Tenchi screamed. Sasami, you get Kiyone and Mihoshi, and I'll
get
the rest. Hurry! We have to get to the celler!"
   I nodded and followed Tenchi out. I ran to the room Kiyone and Mihoshi
shared, and yelled, "Mihoshi! Kiyone! C'mon!!!! We've got to get to the
celler!!!" The two girls quickly followed me down the steps where Washu,
Ryoko, my sister and Tenchi were waiting. He had a raidio playing Blink 182,
and a single light bulb lit to give off a little light.
   "Ok, guys," Tenchi said. "Er... girls. Just try to get some slee-"
   Suddenly, the light bulb flickered, and went out. *What's My Age Again*
had also stopped playing.
   "Tenchi, what happened?" Mihoshi asked, worridly.
   "Oh, no! The power's gone out!"
   Everyone sat there siglently. The only noise was the loud thunder and the
sound of the rain pitter-pattering on the roof.
   "Oh, well," Washu said, yawning. "Might as well make the best of this."
She stretched herself out on the blanket she had brought with her.
   I looked around the room. Ayeka and Ryoko were- get this - actually
hugging eachother out of fear. Washu was just stretched out, sleeping like a
baby. Kiyone was trying to sleep, but Mihoshi kept rattling her saying, "Oh,
what's going to happen to us, Kiyone?!"
   I sighed. I felt someone watching me. I looked up and saw Tenchi. "Mind
if
I sit here?" he asked, pointing to the seat beside me. I shook my head and
he
sat down. Overhead, I could here a loud crack, and the sound of wood
splintering.
   "Tenchi!" I whispered. He put his arm around me, and I cried myself to
sleep.

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~In the morning...*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

   I was up, but I pretended I wasn't by keeping my eyes closed. I heard the
girls walk up the steps to survey the damage.
   "Y'know, if it wasn't for you, we could all be dead," Tenchi said. I knew
he knew I was awake. I looked up. "Look, Sasami. I... I... well, I like
you."
   "I like you too, Tenchi," I answered.
   "No, see, I LIKE you."
   "TenchI!" I said loudly, standing up. "Tenchi! You're 17! And I'm only
13!" Hot tears stung at the corners of my eyes. I really wanted to be with
him.
   Blushing, he walked up the stairs to see if he could talk the other girls
into helping him build a temporary home.
   That's when I decided to see Washu.

    *         *            *           *          *                *

   Man, that tornado (as I learned it was called) was really a wipe-out! The
whole house was down! Except for Washu's lab. Mini Washu 1 and Mini Washu 2
had protected it.
   "Washu?" I asked, blushing. "Do you have a devise that... well... ages
you?"
   "Infact," she said, smiling, "I just finished building one. That was that
'new experiment' I was talking about over dinner last night."
   "Well... could I use it?"
   "Sure!" she said. "So, wanna be with Tenchi, huh?"
   I blushed bright red.
   "But first, we have to record your memory."
   "Why?"
   "Because, when you age, your likes and dislikes might change, too."
   "Ah."
   She hooked me up to a machine and asked me to think about each one of us.
After that, she seated me at a small table and asked me to hold out my
hands.
"This isn't just ordinary nail polish," she said, grinning. "It'll stop your
nails from growing. Can you imagine how long your nails would be if you
didn't clip 'em for five years?"
   Next, she asked me to let down my hair. Pulling out a pair of siccors,
she
quickly cut may hair above the neck. "Hey! Whatcha do that for?!" I yelled.
   "I have stuff for your nails so they won't grow, but I ain't got nothin'
for the hair. Don't worry. It'll grow."
   "Ok," Washu said. "Now you'll have to take off your clothes."
   I hesitated. "Why?"
   "Because. My capsul ages YOU. Not your clothes. You don't want to be
smothered in a 13-year-old's clothes, do you? Don't worry," Washu said,
rolling her eyes. "You ain't got nothin' I haven't seen before." However,
she
politely turned around.
   After I was compleately naked, she led me to a tube-type thing and opened
the door. "Ok. Step inside." I got in and she shut the door behind me.
Looking out through the green glass that covered half the door, I noticed
that everything was green. <Well, duh,> I thought. <What did you expect? for
everything to be red?>
   I saw Green Washu pull a lever, and the machine started to roar. I looked
down and noticed my breasts were growing. I also felt my hair, inching down
my back. All the sudden, I realized I could touch the celing. Again, Green
Washu pulled another lever and the machine stopped. She opened the door to
the capsul. "Come on out!"
I stepped out and she pulled out a bra and underwear. "Here. Put these on,"
she said. After I had them on, a full-length mirror emerged from the wall.
"Have a good look at your new self," Washu said. I blushed, staring at the
sexy teenager in her underwear that was staring back at me.
   "Is that really me?" I asked in disbeliefe.
   Washu nodded, and pulled me over to another spot. A screen came out of
the
wall and stood between Washu and me. I squinted at the screen, trying to
make
out what was playing on it, but all I could see was moving colors.
   "Don't worry. You can't see what I'm seeing. I'm just trying out all the
latest fasions to see which looks best on you. Ah, that's nice. And red is
your color. Maybe if we lightened it a little... There!" The screen slid
back
into the wall and Washu pulled out a mesuring tape. She measured my waist,
and how tall I was. "That should do it," she said, writing my measurements
down on a piece of paper and inserting it into the scanner for her computer.
Doing so, she pressed a yellow button.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*



     .........Washu pressed a yellow button. The machine whirred some more,
and then, it dinged. Washu reached into a slot, and pulled out a perfectly
folded pink and blue outfit. First, Washu pulled out the sky blue shirt and
put it on over my head. Next, she pulled out a pink dress and pulled that
over my head, too. It came up half way down from the knee. Then, Washu
pulled
out a blue sash and tied it around my waist.
 After that, she pulled back the strands of hair that were in my face and
fastened it with a blue ribbon which she then tied in a bow. Snip, Snip! She
cut my hair, which was now brushing my ankles, a little below the waist,
then, she pulled the full-length mirror out again.
    What I saw took my breath away. "Oh, my God!" I said, my bottom jaw
hitting the ground. "That CAN'T be me!"
    Washu grinned from ear to ear at all the praise I was giving her. "It
is!
Now go show Tenchi."

 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

    Tenchi was brushing the front stoop of the crude house they had built
when I got there. I took a deep breath and stepped out infront of him. When
he saw me, a trickle of blood came out of his nose, which he quickly brushed
away. "Uh...Um... Er... C-can I help you, Miss?" he stutered.
    "Tenchi, it's ME," I said, kissing him. "Sasami."
    "Sasami?! Oh, my God, what happened to you?"
    "Washu's aging capsul. Oh, Tenchi, I love you..." I fell into his arms.
    Just then Ryoko and Ayeka came. Ryoko saw me and Tenchi, and she faded
out, crying. However, my sister was a different matter. She ripped me out of
Tenchi's grasp and started yelling at me.
    "YOU BITCH! I KNEW YOU DEVELOPED BAD MANNERS BY HANGING AROUND RYOKO A
LOT, BUT THIS IS TOO MUCH! STEALING YOUR SISTER'S BOY FRIEND IS NOT-"
Tenchi threw her in the lake.
   And so ends out story. Later on that day, Tenchi asked me to marry him (I
said yes of course) and 2 years later, we had our first child. Twas a girl,
who we named Chiko. ((I know, I know. BIG copy cat off Dragon Ball Z)) And
still to this day, Tenchi and I are happily married.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
So? How did you like my fan fic? Send all comments to me at
DragonCharmr8753@aol.com

PS: So what if I used the name Chiko? She's my fav girl off Dragonball Z and
I love that name. Look, whoever owns Dragonball Z, PLEASE don't sue me!

