Tenchi Muyo: No Need for College: Misunderstandings

Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo is copyrighted c 1992-2001 AIC * Pioneer LDC. All 
images, characters, locations, and anything that is directly derived from Tenchi 
Muyo is theirs. All rights reserved. 


Tenchi Muyo: No Need for College: Misunderstandings

===========================
Tenchi and Brad's dorm room at UCLA
===========================

It had been a couple days since the incident with the portal. Tenchi hadn't even 
looked to see if anyone wanted to come back. Everyone needed some time to cool 
off, especially Ryoko. Tenchi knew that even though she said it was OK, she was 
probably pretty pissed off.  Brad had been trying to get Tenchi to open the 
portal by pointing out the fact that it was only a matter of time before he 
would have to face Ryoko and apologize in person.  Instead, he suggested that 
Brad show him around. "Fine, I still think that I should apologize to your 
friend though," said Brad. Tenchi just shook his head, "Not now, you don't. 
We'll check the portal tonight. By the way, that reminds me, you've been taking 
all of this in surprisingly well."

Brad: "I thought I told you, I have a very open mind. Besides, your dad told me 
to expect a lot of weird things to happen if I roomed with you. I just thought 
that meant you were gay."

Tenchi: "You thought I was WHAT?"

Brad: "Don't worry about it it's in the past. So anyway, what do you want to do?

Tenchi: "I don't know what there is to do around here. I've never been Farther 
than Tokyo (slight lie)."

Brad: "Don't worry about it, I got ya covered.  We'll hit a couple clubs later 
but first we have got to do something about your wardrobe.  So I guess shopping 
is the first thing to do." 

Tenchi:  "What's wrong with what I have?"

Brad:  "Nothing, if you just want to bum around the dorms for four years.  Trust 
me, after we're done, you will practically have your pick of the campus."

===========================
Masaki Residence: Washu's Lab
===========================

Ryoko's nose just took a little first aid Washu-style.  It hadn't hurt but she 
didn't want any scars or something that would diminish her beauty. Her pride 
took the brunt of the blow. Ayeka and the others had been nicer than usual 
lately. She knew they were just trying to distract her. All she could wait for 
was the portal to open; then she would teach that guy a lesson. 

Washu: <Would you please stop pacing, or at least take it outside?>

Ryoko: <Get off my case. I don't know what else to do.>

Washu: <About what?>

Ryoko: <What do you think?! That jerk ruined my chance with Tenchi.>

Washu: <You were taken by surprise. Besides the young man I met thought you were 
attacking Tenchi, he was looking out for your love's safety.>

Ryoko: <I don't care, I'm the one that should be looking out for Tenchi.>

Washu: <Oh, give it a rest. He was very sorry about what he did to you. Huh, 
that's funny.>

Ryoko: <What's funny?>

Washu: <This all sounds very familiar.>

==========================
Masaki Residence: The living room
==========================

It was Kiyone and Mihoshi's weekend off. They had decided to spend it at the 
Masaki residence. It was nice to get out of the city and out of that cramped 
apartment of theirs. Mihoshi had fallen asleep on the couch and Kiyone was 
reading one of Sasami's mangas. It had been surprisingly quiet around the house 
lately. Now that Ayeka and Ryoko had nothing to fight about, they just stayed 
out of each others way. Sasami and Ayeka were both watching TV. Everyone wanted 
to ask the same question, but no one wanted to say anything without knowing 
where Ryoko was. Well, anyone with a shred of common sense anyway. 

Mihoshi: "So, does anyone know if Ryoko's OK with all this?"

Kiyone had become very patient with Mihoshi ever since they started living on 
earth. Now she regarded Mihoshi as a little sister, full of life and curiosity 
about the world around her. Pretending that Mihoshi was a child just made it 
easier for Kiyone.

Kiyone: (Doesn't look up from her reading) "You know as much about Ryoko as the 
rest of us. Washu said that she'd talk to her. All we can do is wait and see."

Sasami: "Well I'm getting worried. It's not like Ryoko to be avoiding us like 
this and Tenchi hasn't turned on the portal since the other day."

Ayeka: "That's his choice, I'm sure he's just getting settled in. Or finding his 
friend a hiding place."

Everyone had to laugh a little at the princess's wit. It was true, if Tenchi 
ever opened that portal, his friend was in for a hurting. Then, as if on cue, 
the light on the portal control panel turned green. The portal was open. 
Everyone looked at each other not knowing exactly what to do.

Mihoshi: "Should try to get Tenchi open the portal?"

Kiyone: "I really don't know. If we do, that kid's going to be in danger."


Sasami: "I think we don't have a choice anymore, look."

While everyone had been talking, Ryoko had phased in front the portal. She was 
just standing there, like a statue. Everyone was searching their heads for 
something to say. Ayeka was the only one that could get any words out of her 
mouth, "Ry-Ryoko?" Ryoko just turned around with a dark grin on her face. She 
turned back around and went through the portal.

Sasami: "We should go after her."

Ayeka: "I agree. Mihoshi, Kiyone, are you coming?"

Kiyone: "No way, it's our time off, call us during the week when we're on the 
clock."

Mihoshi: "But Kiiiyoniiieeee."

Kiyone: "No Mihoshi, we both need our rest. You understand, don't you princess?

Ayeka: "Of course I do, we'll only call if things get rreeeaalllyyyyy out of 
hand."

Kiyone: "If it comes to that, we'll be there in no time."

With that said, Ayeka and Sasami went through the portal.

========================
Tenchi and Brad's Dorm Room
========================
Tenchi and Brad had just gotten back from the mall.  Brad had outfitted Tenchi 
with some of the best clothes on the rack. The put their purchases away and 
after much persuation, Brad finally got Tenchi to agree to opening the portal. 
Tenchi was nervous, he didn't know if Brad knew what he was really doing.

Tenchi: "Are you sure you want to do this. Ryoko can be pretty dangerous when 
she's angry."

Brad: "I'm sure, I just want to apologize. I don't want your friends thinking 
that I just go around decking women."

Tenchi: "Well, just be careful and choose your words wisely. I'll try to calm 
her down if things get out of hand."

Brad: "Don't you dare! This is my choice and my responsiblity. Just watch."

Tenchi: "You don't know what you're getting yourself into."

The time for talk had come to an end, the portal opened and the cyan-haired 
Ryoko stepped out. She had a glint in her eye and a devilish smile on her face. 
Tenchi gulped hard, it had been a long time since he had seen Ryoko like this. 
He wondered if any of the any girls were going to be coming as well.

Ryoko: "Hey there Tenchi, who's your friend? Hmmmmm?"

Tenchi: "H-Hi Ryoko, this is my roommate Brad. Brad, Ryoko."

Brad: (In a much more confident tone than Tenchi) "I believe we've already met. 
I guess it wasn't under the best of terms."

Ryoko: (Sarcastically) "Whatever do you mean? I haven't met any of Tenchi's 
friends here. Come to think of it the only person I've met here is some jerk 
that punched me."

Brad: I've been wanting to apologize for that. You see, I came in and saw 
somebody on top of Tenchi and...."

Ryoko: "DIDN'T YOU EVER CONSIDER THAT WE WERE HAVING AN INTIMATE MOMENT!"

Brad: (calmly) "He didn't seem to know what was going on when I came in here."

Ryoko: "Well, I don't take that kind of insult lying down. You'll just have to 
fight me fairly. That's the only way I can be satisfied."

Brad: (In his player tone of voice) "I wouldn't say that. I could think of much 
more enjoyable ways of satisfaction."

Ryoko: (blushing) "Oh you're just asking for it pal!"

Brad: "Well I wouldn't feel right about taking it. ;) Besides there are laws 
about that sort of thing around here."

Tenchi: "Cool it man, she's not in the mood."

Now Ryoko was furious. First this guy hits her, then he has the gall to be a 
smart-ass? Her whole body shook with anger, her hands were balled into fists, 
her whole face was red and her eyes were filled with hatred.

Ryoko: "That's it, I'M GONNA KICK YOUR ASS!"

Brad: "Hold on, I don't fight women. What happened before was an accident. I'm 
really sorry. I was just trying to get you to loosen up."

Ryoko: "Well I'm not laughing."

Brad: "I can see that. I just don't think that fighting you is really going to 
make you feel any better."

Ryoko: "You obviously don't know me."

There was a brilliant flash of light as Ayeka and Sasami stepped out of the 
portal. Sasami looked very concerned as she hurried out of the portal while 
Ayeka carried herself with her usual grace.

Ryoko: "Well wadda ya know. Here come the cavalry."

Ayeka: "Ryoko, you really must calm down. You know that an ordinary human could 
never stand up to you. In your emotional state right now, you could kill him."

Ryoko: "So what's your point. I've killed before, I'm just a little out of 
practice."

Sasami: (looks at Ryoko with pleading eyes) "Please Ryoko, it was an accident. 
Don't hurt him. Maybe we can all be friends. Just give him a second chance."

Ryoko was torn between her anger and her feelings for Sasami. She didn't want to 
lose a friend but on the other hand. This guy had hurt her pride more than 
anything. She sat down on Tenchi's bed and put her head in her hands as she 
tried to decide what she would do. Then Brad spoke up.

Brad: "I have an idea. Let's start all over. My name is Brad, I like sports, 
martial arts, video games, and parties."

Ryoko: (a small smile on her face) "Okay, I'm Ryoko. Retired space pirate and 
overall beauty queen."

Brad: "Ok, now how about you two?"

Sasami: (with a bright smile on her face) I'm Sasami, pleased to meet you. 
*giggle*

Ayeka: "I'm her sister, Ayeka. I must say, you handle yourself well in tense 
situations."

Brad: "You could say that. So, we're all friends right?"

Everyone nodded.

Brad: "Great, then how about we go get something to eat? How about it? My 
treat."

Tenchi: "You sure you want to do that?"

Brad: "Of course, I'd love to be seen at dinner with three beautiful women. 
*winks*

Ayeka: "I'm not sure if we should..."

Sasami: "She means to say that we'd love to."

Ryoko: "Well, I can't leave her alone with Tenchi so I guess I'm in."

Brad: "Outstanding! So what do you feel like having?"

Ryoko: (a perplexed look on her face) "What do you mean, don't all these places 
on Earth serve the same kinds of things basically."

Brad: "Tenchi, you mean to tell me that you haven't taken these girls to eat 
anything other than Japanese food?"

Tenchi: "Of course not, Sasami's just such a great cook, we haven't had to go 
out to eat."

Sasami: "So you mean that there are other types of cooking here on earth?"

Brad: "Many more ways. Let's see, something different. I got it, we'll go out 
for Mexican."

Ayeka: "Mexican???"

Brad: "Trust me, you'll love it."

===================
Rosa's Cantina: 7:30 p.m.
===================
Brad chose his favorite Mexican restaurant in the area. His Spanish is decent 
thanks to the time he spent in Mexico when his father got a big contract in 
Cancun. He motioned for the waiter and ordered some drinks.

Brad: "What would you all like to drink?"

Tenchi: "Soda will be fine for me."

Ayeka: "Tea please."

Sasami: "I'll have a soda too."

Ryoko: "Sake, and keep it coming."

Brad: "That might be a problem. But there is something better."

Waiter: "Listo?"

Brad: "Si, dos coca-colas, te frio, un botello de Tequila con dos vasos."

The waiter walked off while everyone looked at their menus. 

Ryoko: "So just what did you order? I couldn't understand that language you were 
speaking."

Sasami: "Yeah, I've never heard that spoken before, what is it?"

Brad: "Wow, all this time on Earth and you never left Japan? Well that was 
Spanish. There are hundreds of different languages on Earth. And as for your 
question Ryoko, I just ordered us up a bottle of Tequila."

Ryoko: "What's that?"

Brad: "Trust me, it's like Sake with a kick."

Ryoko: "Fine, as long as you don't end up killing me."

As the hours pass, Brad and Ryoko go through two bottles of Tequila and six 
Tecates. Ayeka wasn't expecting iced tea, but she liked it all the same. Sasami 
was amazed with this new type of cooking so Tenchi bought her a recipe book from 
the restaurant. Everyone had a great time and miraculously Ayeka and Ryoko 
hadn't exchanged a cross word the entire night. Tenchi looked as watch then up a 
Ayeka.

Tenchi: "We'd better get going it's pretty late. Everyone back home is probably 
worried about you all."

Ayeka: "You're right, come on Sasami. You can try one of those recipes tomorrow 
for dinner."

Sasami: "That sounds great."

Brad: "You lightweights. I think I'm going to see if there are any good movies 
at the all-night rental. I'm not the least bit tired."

Ryoko: "Hey do you mind if I tag along. It's been a long time since I met 
someone that can keep up with me as far as the nightlife goes."

Brad: "Sure, does this mean I'm forgiven?"

Ryoko: (with a little smile) Well, lets just say you're on probation. You don't 
mind if I go with Brad; do you Tenchi."

Tenchi: "Of course not, have fun. I'll spend the night at my father's house, 
I've been wanting to check on the fields."

Brad: "OK, see you in the morning."

So they split off into two groups. Tenchi went home to Japan, while Brad went to 
find a movie with Ryoko.

=======================
The next day: Masaki Residence
=======================

Tenchi woke up to a peaceful morning. It was kind of nice to be in his own bed. 
Something was missing though. "That's it," he thought, "Ryoko isn't here. I 
guess she crashed back at the dorm." He went downstairs and had a nice breakfast 
with Ayeka, Sasami, Kiyone and Mihoshi. He went out to tend the fields for a 
while and got back around noon. Surprisingly, Ryoko wasn't back yet. The portal 
was still open and it was time for Tenchi to leave.

Tenchi: "Well, I'd better get back. I'll see what Ryoko's up to and send her 
back through."

Ayeka: (with a mischievous smile) "You'd better, or I'll come get her myself. 
And then I'll..."

Tenchi: (concerned look on his face) "What's wrong Ayeka?"

Ayeka: "I just had a thought, what if Ryoko was faking her friendship with Brad 
just so she could single him out of the group and then make her move."

Tenchi: "Oh man, you might be right. Maybe you should come with me, I might need 
back up."

Ayeka: "Of course Tenchi."

Without another word the two went through the portal.

======================
Tenchi and Brad's Dorm Room
======================

In a flash of light, Tenchi and Ayeka come through the portal. Both are ready 
for trouble. Their eyes searched the room for Ryoko. Then they found her. Tenchi 
was somewhat embarrassed to see Ryoko lying on his bed completely naked. He felt 
a trickle of blood coming out of his nose as he turned around. He was even more 
surprised to see Brad come out of the shower.

Brad: "Ryoko, babe, get up we need to get you home. I think....Uh, hi Tenchi. I 
didn't expect you back so soon. I thought I had turned off the portal."

Ayeka: "Wake up you, you, monster-hussy!"

Ryoko woke up with a start. She was half asleep as she looked around the room 
trying to make sense of everything. She looked down and noticed her bare body. 
More modest than usual, she quickly pulled a blanket around herself.

Ryoko: "Tenchi! I-It's not what you think!"

Ayeka: "Honestly Ryoko, don't even try! You're caught red....handed."

Tenchi: "Ryoko did-did you...."

Tears welled up in Ryoko's eyes. With a confused and hurt look on her face, she 
quickly exited through the portal. 

Tenchi: "Ryoko! Wait!"

Ayeka: "I'll go check on her."

Ayeka followed Ryoko through the portal. Tenchi closed the portal behind her and 
then turned his attention to Brad. Tenchi felt betrayed, but by who? Was it 
Ryoko or Brad that was stirring up all this emotion inside of him.

Tenchi: "Brad, WHAT THE HELL JUST HAPPENED HERE!"

Brad: "Calm down, it isn't what you think. I can explain."

Tenchi: "This had better be good. If it isn't, you'll regret it so help me."
