No Need for Old Love - Chapter 1 : The Black Creature




Tenchi sighed as the morning sunlight woke him. He didn’t want to roll over
put he always rolled away from his window. He gave into his instincts and
turned over.

It took him exactly two seconds to know what was going to happen for the
next 3 hours till breakfast. Ryoko, in all of he nude glory, lay next to him
and smiled. “Good morning Tenchi!” She lunged at him. He didn’t even put up
a fight when she began hugging the life out of him. He knew in another 2
seconds Ayeka’s sixth sense would kick in and...

“Ryoko!” Tenchi sweat dropped as his door swung open and a very pissed Ayeka
attacked Ryoko. Tenchi sighed as they began to trade blows and small red
energy bolt whizzed by his right ear. Ryoko flew behind Tenchi.

“Hide me Tenchi!” Tenchi gave a half smile, half look of terror as Ayeka
came screaming for Ryoko’s head. Ryoko laughed as the princess chased her
down stairs.

“Will those two ever grow up?” Tenchi shook his head and went into the
bathroom to get ready for the day...

________________

Sasami smiled as she began making Miso Soup, Tenchi’s favorite. She hummed
as her little fingers cut up a carrot. She “accidentally” dropped a piece of
carrot on the floor, which was immediately tackled by Ryo-Ohki. Sasami
giggled as she dumped the rest of the carrots into the soup.

“Tenchi! Breakfast’s all most ready!” She yelled as she stirred the rest of
the recipe. Tenchi walked down the stairs and smiled at Sasami.

“Thanks Sasami!” He patted her head and she giggled. He took his seat at the
middle of the table and began counting the seconds till Ryoko and Ayeka
would arrive.

EXACTLY five seconds later the two girls were on either side of him.
“Morning lover boy.” Ryoko smiled seductively at him as she leaned against
him. Tenchi could feel a bead of sweat run down his head as Ayeka began to
growl.

“LOVER BOY?!” Ayeka screamed at Ryoko, “What are you doing you hussy!?”

“I’m just explaining what me and Tenchi did last night.” Tenchi gulped as he
could feel the hate between those two begin to rise again.

“Why you little-”

“YOU TWO CUT IT OUT!” Tenchi finally yelled. The two girls looked at him and
then began glaring at each other again. Tenchi sighed hard as Sasami bring
everyone’s Soup to them.

Sasami looked at the two empty seats. “Where’s Washu and Mihoshi?” On cue a
little Washu bot jumped on the table with the sign: The beautiful, brilliant
scientist is hard at work on her latest experiment, bring me breakfast!

“Ah, yes Mihoshi said she had to complete a report for the Central Office
this morning.” Ayeka said, politely eating her soup.

“Well then we won’t have that bubble head causing chaos around here.” Ryoko
said, slurping loud on her soup.

“Yea you two cause enough chaos around here.” Tenchi mumbled under his
breath.

“Will you stop that?” Ayeka asked politely, but with some suppressed anger.

“Doing what” Ryoko asked with an especially loud slurp.

Tenchi walked over to Sasami as the girls started at it again. “I’ll take
Washu her breakfast.”

“Ok Tenchi but remember don’t let Washu do any tests on you.” Oh doesn’t he
know it.

________________________



Washu smiled as her latest experiment, the Time Space Portal, was completed!
“I did it!”

The two Washu bots A & B potted out. “Your the greatest!”

“Washu is a genius!”

“DON’T YOU KNOW IT!” Washu jumped in the air and then looked at the machine.
“Now who to test it on...”

“Washu I brought you your breakfast!” She smiled evilly as she hopped over
to Tenchi.

“Well thank you Tenchi!” She took the bowl from his hand and let it
disappear.

How does she do that? Tenchi thought. “Alright I’ll see you later Washu.”

“Just a second Tenchi...” Damn, I almost got out Scott-free. “I have
something to show you.”

“Washu I really don’t have the time...” A violent explosion ensued right
outside the door. “Then again...”

“Good Guinea Pig, now follow me” She flashed him a smile and began walking
back to hew new invention.

Tenchi stared in aw of the huge machine. It looked a lot like the machine
that made the different universes but slightly different... It was much
larger and the entire thing had a blue orb in the center of it about the 8
ft in diameter and filled with a blue fluid. “Ok Tenchi strip down and jump
in.”

“WHAT?!” Tenchi blushed and stepped back.

“I’m kidding Tenchi. This machine can send you anywhere. All you have to do
is tell me where you would like to go in the entire universe!” Washu began
to type away on her keyboard as Tenchi thought. Where would I like to go...
Any where away from Ryoko and... “WHAT THE HELL?!”

_______________________

It was cold... So cold... Space was unforgiving to a soul. His body lay
lifeless in suspended animation as the suit he wore scanned for any familiar
Astral Readings. His mind still worked after all these years. And one memory
ripped through his mind... Washu...

His body suddenly began to thaw, his lips returning to their original pink
color. The red came back to his face and slowly, oh so slowly his eyes
opened. “Finally I can get out of here...”

_______________________

Tenchi stared wide eyed as the machine in front of him began to shake
rapidly. Washu was screaming her head off next to him, and immediately
latched on to his arm. “Washu! What is going on?!”

“I think something’s coming!” The blue fluid began to shine. There was a
flash of light. Tenchi grabbed his eyes in pain from the intense light.
Washu what have you gotten me into this time?

Slowly his eye sight came back to him. There was a blur of colors of red and
a lot of black... Slowly these colors became organized and Washu’s outline
became apparent. But something else he didn’t recognize also became to take
shape. It face was black with a white box in front of it. It’s shoulders
shot out from the body a good half foot from the shoulder. A crystal was
logged in it’s chest. Spikes shot from it’s arms and forearms. A hiss began
to escape the head as it turned to Tenchi.

Tenchi stepped back and touched the seed on his arm. His Jurian armor
appeared from now where and his fists began to glow. Washu?! He looked
behind her to see her on the ground panting hard. She must have had a
concussion from such a massive flash...

“Who are you?!” Tenchi turned to see the creature on his feet and looming
over him. He was huge standing in over 7 ft. tall. “I SAID WHO ARE YOU?!”

“I am Tenchi Musaki, Crown Prince of Jurai!” The creature looked down on him
and shook his head.

“There is no one by that name in the royal family of Jurai... Imposter...”
The creature held his hand to the sky. Red energy began to be absorbed as if
Ryoko was calling on her beam sword. But Tenchi could tell other wise. This
creature was gathering some extreme power.

“Stop you don’t know who you are fighting!” Tenchi braised himself for the
blast. The creature brought his hand down and pointed it at Tenchi.

“Dragon Heart...”

“STOP ZEAL!”

________________________



That... that voice. Zeal let the energy go from his palm and looked at the
red head behind the imposter’s feet. “Washu...” The helmet pulled back from
his face, letting the visor rise over his head and click on the back seal..
His shoulder pads pulled out and latched on to his back. The spikes on his
arms pulled back and clicked into place. In the end he looked like a black
knight going into battle. His black hair strands fell across his face, the
rest was strung back in a pony tail. His gray eyes looked sad as his stared
at his old friend.

“Washu... I knew I would find you...” Zeal felt the wind finally run out of
him. His eyes blurred and he fell into nothingness.







_______________________

Well what do you think? There’s more coming so if you have any suggestions
just send them here:

reonu_michaels@hotmail.com
