Disclaimer: These characters AREN’T mine, they do NOT
belong to me they belong to Pioneer , so please don’t
sew me, I don’t get cash out of this, thank you.

<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><

     It is sad really, death only comes once per life,
the sad part is, death only comes with only one life.
Try as you might to protect that little candle that
solemnly represents your life. From the wind that
represents every thing from a deadly scorpion, to a
sword on your chest. How many times has that candle
been in danger of burning out, well unfortunately, for
our heroes, there will soon be a large loss to its
family. One, simple, candle will burn out, and cause
the rest to either follow in agony, or suffer for a
small period of time. Now we join our heroes in space
where a deadly accident is about to happen.

<Tenchi> thank you Sasami, that meal was delicious!

<All> yes thank you, it was great!!

<Sasami> thank you all, I just love cooking, it is my
hobby

<Tenchi> well, thank you but I’m afraid I need my
sleep.

<Aeika> Yes, me too.

<Ryoko> Well since no one is going to stay up, then
ill just follow you all and hit the sack. Good night
everyone!

<Sasami> Well Ryo-oki, I guess it is just you and I
now.

<Ryo-oki> MEEEAAAAWWW!!

<Kione> well we have to get going, they are expecting
us in about 3 hours at HQ.

<Mihoshi> AWW come on Kione cant we stay just for a
little while longer? PLEEEEASE!

<Kione> NO KIONE WE HAFTO GO!

With that, Mihoshi cried, while Kione said goodbye to
everyone boarded the Yagami and flew away,

Then Sasami cleaned the kitchen and went to sleep.
     The next morning, silence fell over the forest
and a large explosion was heard and felt, it woke
everyone almost immediately! Then everyone except
Sasami met at the top of the stairs.

<Ryoko> what was that?

<Tenchi> that was in the house!

<Aeika> Oh no SASAMI, WHERE IS SASAMI!

They all ran down to Sasami’s room and discovered that
the whole kitchen was blown up, including part of the
living room, and to their horror, half of Sasami’s
room!

<Tenchi> Sasami where are you!

<Sasami> over here, there is something on top of
me…(cough, cough)

<Ryoko> there is a fire extinguisher upstairs I will
be right back!

<Aeika> I will go to the shed and find a jack to pull
that off Sasami

<Tenchi> Hurry up!

Then tenchi thought of something.

<Tenchi> Sasami do me a favor, can you move?

<Sasami> a little

<Tenchi> ok do me a favor, put your arms and legs
together

Sasami obeyed, with that Tenchi took out his energy
sword and cut a square on the large piece of wood for
about two people around Sasami.

<Tenchi> I should have enough space to be able to pick
you up now

<Sasami> ok…ouch, my…my leg, it hur…

She was interrupted by another explosion, this time it
was in the shed!

<Tenchi> oh no, the gas tank AEIKA!!…AEIKA CAN YOU
HEAR ME!

Then tenchi put his attention to Sasami again picked
her up and took her to the lake with a med. Kit, just
then Ryoko phased out next to Tenchi.

<Tenchi> Ryoko, take care of Sasami, ill go look for
Aeika.

<Ryoko> ok

Tenchi then went to the shed to look for Aeika, to his
horror all he saw was blood with some torn clothes.

<Tenchi> Oh no AEIKA!!

Then he saw a trail of blood leading opposite to where
he came from. He then ran to follow the trail and
found the weak Aeika lying on the floor with a piece
of what once was the side of a gas tank on the side of
her stomach!

<Aeika> T…Tenchi …(Cough)

<Tenchi> Aeika no please don’t leave me, please!

<Aeika> it is getting c…colder tenchi…

By now tenchi was crying and sobbing

<Tenchi> Aeika…(sniffle)…please don’t… wait here ill
get…

<Aeika> no tenchi, don’t …le…leave me…Tenchi…I’m
scared…AAAAAAGH! It hurts.
Tenchi…do me a favor…

<Tenchi> yes Aeika,

<Aeika> kiss me

Tenchi raised her head and kissed her passionately for
what seemed like hours.

<Aeika> Tenchi…t…take care of Sasami for me...I love
you.

With that Aeika, crown princess of the Jury Royal
Family released the breath of life with a long sigh,
and her lifeless body, laid there with her eyes closed

<Tenchi> GOD NO NO NO NOOOOOOOOO!

It is sad really, death only comes once per life, and
the sad part is, that death only comes with only one
life. Try as you might to protect that little candle
that solemnly represents your life. From the wind that
represents every thing from a deadly scorpion, to a
sword on your chest, or even ironically, a piece of
metal. Apparently, the wind was too strong, and blew
the barriers off the small candle in the dark,
engraved on the side of that candle was the name…
Aeika.

<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><

I hope you liked my fic. I wrote this when I felt sad
so I hope you like it if you have any comments or
complaints about my work then e-mail me at
(dan__2003_98@yahoo.com) and by the way this is my
third.
