Tenchi Muyo: No Need for College: Enter Brad

Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo is copyrighted c 1992-2001 AIC * Pioneer LDC. All 
images, characters, locations, and anything that is directly derived from Tenchi 
Muyo is theirs. All rights reserved. 

First off, I'm taking different parts from all the Tenchi series and the movies. 
If you've seen them all you won't have any problem keeping up.



Tenchi Muyo: No Need For College: Enter Brad

Note:  It has been two years after the events of Tenchi Universe.  In that time, 
Tenchi has trained night and day to hone his skills.  He can now summon the 
Light Hawk Wings at will (slight difference between series).  Tenchi has been 
writing to a friend of his in the US to relieve stress.  His friend just thinks 
that he's reading science fiction stories for his friend. He's ready for a rude 
awakening.  Note:  I've also added a bit of Tenchi in Tokyo to the story.



==========================
Japan: Masaki residence
==========================


Tenchi had just woken up. He laid in bed and just stared at the ceiling. Today 
was not going to be easy by any means. It was time for him to make his 
announcement to the house. He and his grandfather had been discussing his 
decision for some time now. They both came to the conclusion that what he was 
doing was the right thing. He was just worried about the scene that he knew 
would inevitably play out. "No use in dragging this out," he thought to himself. 
Tenchi cleaned up and headed downstairs for breakfast. 

The table was already set. The girls had already started eating without him. 
Ryoko looked quiet and sullen until she caught sight of Tenchi.

Ryoko: "Oh Teennnnchhhhiiiii"

A chill always went down his back when she did that. "Oh, good-morning 
everyone," replied Tenchi. Ayeka looked up from her breakfast, "Good-morning 
Lord Tenchi. I trust you slept well." "Well, sorta," Tenchi was still nervous. 
Ayeka looked concerned, "What's wrong Lord Tenchi?" Ryoko materialized between 
the two, "It can't be something Ryoko can't cure. Why don't you just let me make 
it all better?" That was it, the fight was on.

Ayeka: "Honestly Miss Ryoko, is that all you ever think about? You have the 
morals of a snake!"

Ryoko: "What did I do, I just offered Tenchi something that only a REAL woman 
could. Oh but I guess you wouldn't understand."

Ayeka: "Are you looking for a fight this early in the morning?!"

Ryoko: "You could say that, too bad all I found was a warm-up."

Tenchi: "ENOUGH!! Would both of you stop fighting, I already have enough on my 
mind without this."

Ryoko: "What are you talking about?"

Tenchi" "I'd rather not say until everyone gets here. It's important."

Just then, Mihoshi and Kiyone returned from their patrol. Both of them looked 
tired and hungry. Washu emerged from her lab and Sasami walked out of the 
kitchen with a fresh pot of tea. With a concerned look on her face Ryoko asked, 
"So, everyone's here, what's this all about?" "Hold on, not quite everyone is 
here. I'm still waiting for my backup," Tenchi replied. "Backup, what's that 
supposed to mean?" thought Ryoko. Just then Katsuhito and Nobuyuki walked in. 
They stood by the wall and gave Tenchi a nod. With that Tenchi stood up to 
address everyone at the table.

Tenchi: There's something I've been discussing with my dad and grandpa. We 
recently agreed on a decision that I'm sure you all aren't going to like. As you 
all know, I recently graduated high school. I've been looking into colleges and 
I tried to find one close to home. However, I received a letter from a college 
in America. They were impressed with my test scores and asked me to attend their 
school on a full-academic scholarship. It was an offer too good to refuse. I'm 
sorry, but next month I'll be in America attending UCLA. So I guess that's it."

===========SILENCE=============

Ryoko: "Let me get this straight, you got accepted into a school in America?"

Tenchi: "Yes"

Ryoko: (ponders this for a minute) "Great when do we start packing?"

Tenchi: "There is no *we*. I'm going alone."

Ayeka: "But, how long will you be gone?"

Tenchi: "Well, if things go well, 4 years."

The whole group: "FOUR YEARS!"

Ryoko: (With tears welling up in her eyes) "How can you just leave like that?!"

Tenchi: "I didn't come by this decision lightly, the chance was just too good to 
pass up. Besides, I'll come home on the holidays. I just feel like I need to see 
the world, I've never left Japan. Sure, I may have been in space, but that isn't 
the same."

Sasami jumped up from her seat, "But what about your training with grandfather?" 
This is why Tenchi had been waiting for backup. He knew that they would try to 
find reasons to keep him from leaving. Tenchi felt that it would be better if 
his father and Katsuhito took care of these questions. Katsuhito spoke up for 
Tenchi, "There is nothing more for me to teach Tenchi. He has mastered his skill 
with a sword and his Jurai power." Sasami just frowned and hung her head. Then 
Ayeka spoke up, "But you don't even know anyone in America, how will you get 
along." Now it was Nobuyuki's turn. He stepped forward and said, "Not true, 
Tenchi's sponsor is a good friend of the family. He worked with me on a project 
a few years ago. He brought his son along. Tenchi and the boy became friends. 
Tenchi's friend will be attending the same college and has already agreed to 
room with him."

Ryoko: (in a sarcastic tone) "Oh really? Well it sounds like you've had time to 
plan this whole thing out."

Ayeka: "Really, why did you keep this a secret from us."

Tenchi: "I didn't, I barely decided yesterday that I was going to go through 
with this."

Seeing that Tenchi was getting backed into a corner, Kiyone spoke up, "Hold on a 
minute, it's not like he's going to be living light years away. We have ships 
that we could use to go see Tenchi. We should be happy for him. He's stepping 
out on his own." "Exactly, thanks Kiyone," said a relieved Tenchi. Kiyone always 
could get him out of a tight spot, she was like the big sister he never had. 
Maybe that was why Mihoshi stuck to her side as well. However, Ayeka and Ryoko 
weren't impressed.

Ryoko: "IT ISN'T THE DISTANCE THAT BOTHERS US!!!"

Kiyone: "Huh?"

Ayeka: "You wouldn't understand!"

With that, Kiyone stayed out of it. It was obvious that they were worried about 
possible competition. But there was little they could do. Tenchi had made up his 
mind. Mihoshi and Kiyone were the only girls that didn't mind that Tenchi was 
going to the states. They had moved around so much that they knew it was no big 
deal. It also made it easier that didn't have a crush on Tenchi. 

==============================
One month later, Los Angeles
==============================

Tenchi was still a little sleepy as he got off the plane. It was a long trip and 
it seemed even longer for Tenchi. He couldn't help remembering the big scene at 
the airport in Japan, a lot of tears and pleading. Tenchi tried to push that 
from his mind as he kept an eye out for his ride. He walked of the plane and 
carefully scanned the crowd. Sure enough he a man holding a sign that said: 
"Tenchi Masaki". It took Tenchi a second to reflect on his English classes and 
read his name. He walked up the man.

Man: "Tenchi?"

Tenchi: "That's me."

Man: "Great, it's been a long time."

Tenchi: ...........

Man: "You don't recognize me do you?"

Tenchi: "Sorry, no."

Man: "It's alright, I've been through some changes. It's me, Brad."

Tenchi: "No way! The last time I saw you, you had huge glasses, braces, and 
brown hair."

Brad: "Let me tell you man, laser surgery, great dentist, and hair dye."

Tenchi: "It's great to see you. I see you you've been working out too."

Brad: "Yep, also took up boxing and Tae Kwan Do.

Tenchi: "Interesting mix."

Brad: "I thought so. Let's get going before the traffic gets bad."

Tenchi: "Right."

==========================
UCLA Dorm Room
==========================

After a long drive, the two united friends crash on the twin beds. Brad had told 
Tenchi about what had been going on in the city lately. They talked for a while 
before Brad brought up Tenchi's letters.  "I have to tell you man, you have some 
crazy stories in your head.  If you don't mind I'd like to use a couple of them 
for scripts in my film class," Brad stated.  Tenchi gave it a long thought.  
"You know, let me think about it.  Some of the characters were based on actual 
people I know.  (sweatdrops) Let me run it by them," Tenchi answered.  

Brad:  "Sure thing.  Tell me, do you really have two girls fighting over you, or 
was that all just gas?"

Tenchi:  "Well....uh...you.....see....."

Brad:  "Oh snap!  You do!  Big pimp Tenchi in da hoooouuuussssse!"

Brad laughed as Tenchi just smiled nervously.  Tenchi quickly changed the 
subject.

Tenchi: "So when do classes start?"

Brad: "Monday so you have a chance to get somewhat settled in first."

Tenchi: "I'm pretty tired, I think I'll go to bed."

Brad: "Cool, I'm gonna go check the scene down at the student union. Don't 
worry, I'll be quiet coming back in."

With that, Tenchi closed his eyes and went to sleep. He dreamt about home, about 
the girls, about the constant fighting. He kinda missed it. He dreamt that he 
was tending his garden patch back home, then felt a weight on his back. If felt 
like someone trying to tackle him. "Oh Teennnnchhhhiiiii" The chill went down 
his back again. He woke up with a start. Someone was on top of him trying to pin 
down. Half asleep, he tried to fend off whoever was on top of him  The dark 
figure was whispering something in his ear that he couldn't make out. He and his 
"guest" rolled off the bed and onto the ground. Whoever it was really strong. 
Before Tenchi could do anything, he was pinned to the ground. 

Tenchi: "Get off me, who the hell are you? What are you doing in my room?!"

There was no answer. Tenchi couldn't move as this mystery person started to lean 
over Tenchi. Just then the door burst open, Brad ran over to Tenchi and in the 
dark grabbed a hand full of hair, pulled back, and rained down two bone-crushing 
punches.  However, all he was rewarded with was a mere, "Ouch!"   A sick feeling 
hit Tenchi. His fear was confirmed when Brad hit the light. It was non-other 
than Ryoko. She stood up and turned around to face Brad.  A small trickle of 
blood came from her nose.  She wiped her face and looked at her hand.  She 
looked up at Brad with a menacing grin.  "So, you draw first blood.  that hasn't 
happened to me for centuries," Ryoko growled.

Brad: "Oh SHIT! I'm sooooo sorry, I thought someone was attacking you! Who is 
she?! Is she alright?!"

Tenchi: "Don't worry about her.  I just hope you can run." 

"What the hell is that?!" exclaimed Brad. Tenchi looked up and saw a large black 
circle on his wall. "They wouldn't have," thought Tenchi. But sure enough Ayeka, 
Washu, Sasami, Kiyone and Mihoshi poked their heads through the circle. Ayeka 
was the first one to speak.

Ayeka: "Lord Tenchi! I'm so glad to see you again. How was your... When did she 
go through before us?!"

Washu: "What happened to your nose?"

Ryoko:  "I was just careless...."

Kiyone: (with an angry look on her face) "Tenchi, I know she comes on you pretty 
strong, but this was justified???"

Brad: "It wasn't Tenchi's fault, it was mine, I hit her."

Ayeka: "I think I like you already."

Brad: "It was dark, all I saw was someone holding Tenchi down and him 
struggling. Around here, it could've been anyone, a killer even."

Washu: "I have to agree with this young man, he acted on what he thought was a 
dangerous situation. But it would be best for our young friend to get out of 
here before....."

Ryoko:  Ahhh....Don't worry about it.  I've had worse.  Guess my pirating skills 
are a bit dull.  I'm going home, the mood is ruined.  But the next time I come 
through here, I'm getting even."

With that, Ryoko stepped through the hole in the wall.  Tenchi finally found his 
voice.

Tenchi: "What's going on here? What is that on my wall?"

Ayeka: "We came to tell you that Washu created a portal from the house to your 
room here."

Tenchi: "Whoa, and who asked me about this?."

Ayeka: "We all thought it would be easier than buying plane tickets every 
holiday.  Besides, who knows when you'll get homesick?"

Tenchi: "So anyway, you're doing the portal thing again? I thought we talked 
about this in Tokyo."

Ayeka: "This one is different. See that little panel on the wall? See that 
switch? When you flip it on, this portal is activated. Those two lights on the 
bottom show if both portals are open. You can only use it when both lights are 
green. This way, you get privacy, and we have the opportunity to come see you 
now and again. Okay? When that red light on the side is blinking it means that 
someone wants to come through."

Tenchi: "Wow, you all put a lot of thought into this. Brad, think you can keep 
this a secret?"

Brad: "WAIT A MINUTE!  You mean all those stories you sent me were true?!  Wow!"

Ayeka:  "What stories?"

Tenchi:  (sweatdrops)  Nothing!......That is.....don't worry about it.  So Brad, 
do we have an understanding?"

Brad:  "Are you kidding?!  Of course!  It's not every day you get to live 
science fiction."

Ayeka: "Well, I guess we should go home now.  We'll talk about these stories 
later Tenchi. Come on everybody."

Tenchi: It was good seeing you all. Try to calm down Ryoko for Brad's sake."

Ayeka just gave Tenchi a little smile and a nod. 

Brad: "Please tell Ryoko that I'm sorry."

Sasami: "We'll try but the big challenge is going to be keeping her from coming 
after you."

The girls got in the portal and in a flash they were gone. For safety reasons, 
Tenchi close the portal on their side. It had been a long first day in LA.
