Disclamer:
Tenchi Muyo and all the characters of it belong to Pioneer and all that
blibber blabber.

This is my first one will first I am sending so PLEASE send some emails to
me and sorry if I miss spell or use U instead of YOU and all that short hand
stuff.

Well HERE WE GO!

************************************************************************

Just as the sun starts to come over the rolling hills of the quite mountain
countryside, a single golden ray peeps through the blinds and hits a soundly
sleeping Tenchi, right in the eyes causing him to stir in his sleep.

Finally giving into the unwanted urge to wake up, he sits up in his bed and
yawns.

He looks over to find a sleeping beauty next to him (other wise Ryoko).

Going with instinct he leaps out of bed. Looking at her angrily and giving
her a look. “Ryoko what are u doing in my bed?!?!” Tenchi yells.

Slowly opening her eyes, the demon gives him a innocent little girl smile
and the puppy dog eyes.

“I just wanted to be near my lover, now come here and give me a kiss good
morning”

Ryoko says, while curling her finger towards him seductively.

Tenchi then does as he usually does and yells at Ryoko for being in his bed
and she frowns and teleports downstairs.

“Geesh can’t I EVER wake up without her, trying to get me.” Tenchi sighs
while walking to the bathroom.

Downstairs Sasami is cooking breakfast as usual and Ryo-Ohki is perched on
her head.

Ryoko and Ayeka are both sitting at the table sipping at their tea.

In comes a heavy-eyed Mihoshi who slumps down in her usual spot and yawns.

“Oh wow what a good sleep I had, I even had this great dream”

She giggled. “Oh really?” replies Ayeka with an arched eyebrow.

Nodding her head and saying in her now bright and cheery mood.

“It was Sooooooo neat! I was one of the Space Police Police Men, it was so
cool I was blasting the bad guys and everything”

Mihoshi excitedly says while acting with her finger as gun and going BANG
BANG, aiming her finger torwards, Ryoko and Ayeka.

Which both had a sweatdrop on their head.

Tenchi then comes down and sits in his usual spot between Ryoko and Ayeka.

Automatically Ryoko wraps her arms around Tenchi and snuggles against his
cheek with her own. “Mmmm, did u have a good time last night lover??” Ryoko
says seductively.

“What are u talking about Ryoko?!” says a panicked Tenchi.

“Ohhh you know,” Ryoko replys while winking at Ayeka, who was steaming up
with anger.

“Why u little…” Ayeka says stopping herself from swearing. “Hmph! Like Lord
Tenchi would EVER sleep with a demon like yourself!” says Ayeka angrily.

At that Ryoko glares at her. “Well that shows what YOU know Miss Chipmunk
Princess” Ryoko said grinning and pulling down her under eyelid and sticking
out her tounge.

Ayeka growled and pulled her eyelid down and stick out her tounge too.

Then both get up out of their chairs and start to pull at each others hair
and faces.

While vains pop out of their head. Tenchi then sighs and starts to eat the
freshly made breakfest the little blue-haired cook has just made.

After finishing his breakfast, Tenchi makes his way out to the shrine to do
his usual chores.

Slowly sweeping the steps he thinks about what happened and  what has been
happening in the past few months.

Tenchi saying to himself: “For some reason this curse..it seems like a
miracle at times.”

Suddenly, images of him waking up with the cyan-haired beauty next to him
and the time him and Ayeka and him were in the shed while it was raining.

He looks up and sighs then continues to sweep. Getting more bored around the
house Ryoko decides to go visit Tenchi.

Being VERY sneaky, she sneaks outside and flies up the steps to look for
Tenchi.

Meanwhile Tenchi slowly sweeps, while thinking about his situation, not
knowing Ryoko is getting closer and closer to him.

He later decides its time for a little break and sits on one of the steps
still looking up to the sky.

Ryoko then turns on one of the corners and sees him. She snickers to herself
and teleports behind him.

Slowly she walks behind him and puts her arms around his neck from behind
and leans forward on him.

Tenchi who was just about to shoot up and yell, calmed himself and turned
his head slightly and said “Oh hey Ryoko...”

A very surprised Ryoko then replys. “Hi”

Still leaning on him from behind and stares up at the sky with him. In his
head Tenchi is thinking to himself:

“Why don’t I run? I just don’t feel like I have to, I’m actually enjoying
this right now...her warm body against mine.”

He gives a sigh in comfort.

Meanwhile Ayeka is looking for Tenchi/Ryoko while yelling at Mihoshi “WHERE
ARE THEY?! I JUST KNOW SHES DOING SOMETHING WITH HIM!!”

Looking back at Ayeka blankly she replys “Uhhhh maybe they’re watching TV”

Ayeka looks at her madly and grabs her by the collar and shakes her
violently. “We ARE IN the living room you nitwit, does it look like they ARE
HERE?!!”

Mihoshi then says while tears go down her eyes. “I’m sorry Ayeka I’m
sorry!!”

She looks at her and sighs and lets go of the bubble-headed GP and goes back
on her search for Tenchi.

Meanwhile, back with the two at the stairs……

Ryoko, who is still pretty shocked at the actions of Tenchi, she decides to
take a chance.

She spins around and lands on his lap and looks into his big, brown, eyes,
while smiling sweetly.

Tenchi who is VERY surprised by this and STILL doesn’t move, not knowing
why.

He just WANTS this to happen, he’s actually ENJOYING this, but why? He never
felt like this before.

He looks back at her looking into her beautiful amber eyes, which he had
always liked about her and smiles back.

“Hmm, I like you in this mood, my Tenchi,” says a now grinning Ryoko.

“Well its just I don’t really now why I’m like this now and not ever before
I just don’t care for some reason. I know I shouldn’t be doing this, because
I care about the other girls and about their feelings.”

Tenchi says explaining to Ryoko.

Ryoko looks at him, and drops her head feeling like she’s a big weight on
him and starts to get up.

Tenchi notices this and starts to get up too, but instead of letting her go.
He gives Ryoko a hug.

Ryoko how is now VERY worried that something is wrong, she looks at Tenchi
and ask with great concern.

“Are u going to die or something Tenchi? I mean why are you doing this NOW?
I came on to you many, many times, why now?”

Tenchi looks at her and replys.

“I’m not sure, I guess I’m finally seeing the love you have been giving me
all this time, It hit my all of a sudden.”

He finally then puts his hand out and caresses Ryoko’s face  and looks into
her eyes. “I can’t believe how blind I have been, to pass up such a girl
like you. Its like, like you’re an Angel who fell onto the Earth.”

Ryoko who had her eyes closed and sighs in comfort feeling and hearing,
Tenchi finally express his love to her was taking her to heaven and back all
at once.

She opens her eyes and tears of joy began flowing out of her eyes.

Tenchi lovingly brushes her tears away and smiles.

Ryoko smiles and closes her eyes and moves closer to Tenchi’s face.

Tenchi who is looking over what he is about to do decides to finally do it.

He caresses her beautiful face once more and puts his lips against hers and
kisses her tenderly, yet very passionately.

Their mouths opening slightly to let there tongues explore each others
mouth.

When their broke the kiss which felt like forever they both smile at each
other and Ryoko leaned forward and whispered into his ear.

“I love you with all my heart, my dear Tenchi.”

A little shocked Tenchi starts to say something, but Ryoko silences him with
a finger to his lips.

“I know you can’t say it yet. And I know you still have the heavy weight of
Ayeka in your heart.”

Ryoko says softly then grins. “But I know you do.”

Tenchi smiles at her and lets out a sigh.

They took each other hand in hand as they walk down the stairs under the
cherry blossoms back to the house...

Notes: Will that was my first one., it will get a lot more darker soo..it’s
just a nice little start ^-^ well E-mail me and tell me what u think!!

(Edited By: Ryoko_RD ^_~')
