Welcome to my little story of horrors.  Bear with me on this, ok? 
Heheh..,*Ahem*. May I present my fanfic. (BGM of doom)




No Need for the Loves of Heaven and Earth!
Prologue: Waiting for you


By: Evileyez 



******************************************************************************

	A young man- around the age of eighteen enters a beautiful field of
wispy willows, beautiful flowers that sway gently in the evening
summer's wind, and spots a girl.

	"Ayeka!" he calls.

	The young girl- no more than a toddler really, had been making a flower
crown when she found a beautiful purple flower, "A Royal Teardrop," she
mumbles.  Hearing the man's voice, she runs up to him, holding the crown
and giggles, "For you, Yosho." 

	"Ayeka, why are you out here?" Yosho asks, kneeling down as Ayeka
places the flowers on his head.

	Smiling, Ayeka replies, " Because you went out and left me behind." 
Laughing while being pulled into his arms, she says, "One day, I will be
your bride, won't I Yosho?"


	"When you grow up," he answers, returning the smile. 

	"It matches the color of your eyes," Ayeka explains as she shows him
the Royal Teardrop she held in her hand and places it among the other
flowers in his crown.

	Surprised at what Ayeka just did, Yosho whispers, "A Royal Teardrop..."

	"What's wrong?" Ayeka questions innocently.

	Frowning slightly, Yosho responds sadly, "This flower shouldn't be used
for happy occasions," and places Ayeka back onto the grass.  "Come
Ayeka, let's go back to the palace, our parents will wonder where you
are."   After saying this, he begins walking back to the palace, lost in
his own thoughts and leaves Ayeka alone.

	Pondering why her actions made Yosho upset, her thoughts were
interrupted by a boy around her age with a "Go back to the palace
Princess Ayeka, you're boring to watch!"

	Caught unaware that a person had spied on her this afternoon, Ayeka
haughtily speaks, "YOU go back, I can stay as long as I want.  Its bad
manners to spy on people, you know!"

	The boy stands up- showing his *unusual short black hair (*it's the
style for all Jurains to have long hair) and his bright blue eyes and
retorts, "I never wanted to go!  But I'm a royal guard-in-training, it's
my duty to protect and watch for the princess's safety; even if she is
a-"

	"No guard would treat a princess this way!"  Wanting to know his name,
Ayeka demands, "What is your name!", it was not a question.

	"After watching you make dumb flower-crowns for an entire afternoon and
nothing else, ANY person would get mad!  And my name is Shinosuke!!!"
Shinosuke yells back.

	"I'm telling my brother, Yosho, you said that!  He's the best royal
guard in the universe, and you'll be in trouble!" she shouts in return.

	Suddenly worried, Shinosuke apologizes, "Sorry!  Please don't tell the
guards, I'll never yell at you again!  I never wanted to be out here,
but I was told to by my dad to look after you, since I needed practice
and you were out alone!"

	Still angry the princess answers, "Fine then!  I won't tell- but you
have to promise to stay with me, and do whatever I want to for a week!"
Relieved Shinosuke responds cheerfully, "Ok, I give you my word!" and
promptly begins to drag the little girl with him to the palace.

	"Wait!  No promise is complete without this!" Ayeka says, and holds out
her pinkie.

	"What?" asks Shinosuke, genuinely confused, "...your pinkie?"

	"You mean you don't know how to make a proper promise?"

	"Excuse me for not doing stupid girly promises..." he mutters in
response.

	Ayeka ignores that and states in her best grown-up voice, "To make a
proper promise, you have to swear it on your little finger," and then
grabs his pinkie and crosses it with her own, "Now you make your
promise."

	Impatient already, Shinosuke makes the promise, "I swear that I will
visit you here every afternoon," then tries to get his pinkie out of the
little girl's suprisingly strong grip.

	"You're missing half of it."

	"Fine!  I will become your personal slave too," and looks at his now
released pinkie and sweatdrops when he finds that it turned purple from
the princess's grip, "Oww, that feels funny..." (the feeling one gets
when their fingers fall asleep)

	"Good," is Ayeka's response, smiling.
Shinosuke: BLUSH! (Aww, how sweet)  "Hmmph," he manages to grumble.

	*Ayeka giggles*

	Ayeka didn't really want Shinosuke to be her slave for a week- just a
person to play with.  She didn't have any friends in the palace and felt
quite lonely whenever her brother left her- her parents to busy with
political matters to deal with their child.  This event, a good excuse
to meet a kid her age, made her happy.  On the other hand, poor
Shinosuke thought that she condemned him into something akin to death. 
The First Princess of the Jurai Royal Family, 2nd heir to the throne,
actually demanding him to be with her and be her slave for an entire
week...*shudder*.  Shinosuke sighed and started to walk back to the
palace with a cheerful Ayeka followed him from behind.


*****years later*****


	*sobbing* "My little baby is growing up so fast!" cried Misaki when she
saw her daughter leave her nursery for the gardens once more, "Before
she'd tag along with her big- brother and follow us around...and *tears*

	Funaho and the Emperor: *sweatdrop*.  "There, there sister," soothed
Funaho as she helped wipe off Misaki's tears, "We went through this
before- remember?  Ayeka's growing up.  Just like Yosho-". 
Unfortunately, this only seemed to make the tears come faster.

	"Yosho! *sob* I still remember when we could still hold him..."

	The Emperor and Funaho: *stare*  "It's the hormones isn't it?" the
Emperor of Jurai asked.

	"Yes, don't you remember I was the same when I held Yosho?" sighed
Funaho.

	"...," Summed up the words of her husband.  Memories of Funaho's
mood-swings came into mind, things he dare not bring up in her presence;
last time he brought up what happened, a table somehow managed itself
upon his head...*shudder*

	(Smart move Darling) O0o. thought Funaho.

*****in the garden*****

	It's a nice, hot summer's day- with a slight breeze rustling the tall
grasses.  The sun prepares itself for night as the sky becomes a prism
of blues, purples, bright reds and oranges- the scene looks quite
beautiful.  In the distance are two children playing a game of tag near
the old Aster Tree.  One a girl and the other a boy- the fact that they
both were destined to look quite beautiful in their later years was
apparent at even this tender age.
*sounds of laughter*  "WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!?" yelled Ayeka, indignantly
to the boy.  Apparently, he was hiding in the tree...

	"Protecting you- you're boring to watch, so I'm gonna take you back to
the palace!" replied Shinosuke "angrily", barely able to keep his face
controlled.

	"How rude!  That's no way to-," Ayeka couldn't hold it in anymore and
burst out into laughter with Shinosuke joining in.

	Ever since Ayeka made Shinosuke her "slave" for a week, they had become
fast friends, though they cared not to admit it.  Technically,
Shinosuke's enslavement ended long ago, but he always found reason to
keep coming (i.e. "I only came so I could get you back!").  Ayeka would
then always find a reason to keep him ("You need to be punished again
for being so rude!  That is an order!").  Both of them always made it a
point to get into the same scene that occurred those years before.

	"Today, I'm going to start learning how to control my ship!" Ayeka
chattered excitedly.

	"Your shi- oh!  That's right, all members of the royal family receive
their own tree!  Lucky!  But, where is your Key?" wondered Shinosuke.

	"You mean you haven't noticed it before?" Ayeka asked, incredulous,
"Don't tell me that you haven't noticed my tiara before! I've worn it
since we first met!"

	*sweatdrop* "Well... I always thought that was your forehead...", he
answered, rubbing the back of his head.

	"WHAT KIND OF FOREHEADS HAVE *YOU* SEEN?!?!?!" screamed Ayeka.

	"Well, I never stare at your face for long- I don't want to get your
'condition'..."

	"Condition?"

	"Yeah, isn't that the reason why your face is so ugly-"

	*WHAP*  "How mean!  At least I'm not the one with the 'smell'..."
countered Ayeka, after hurting him with a stick that came out of
nowhere.

	"I don't have a smell..." Shinosuke weakly defended, *does a super-fast
armpit check* "See?  I don't smell anything!"

	"HAH!  You just checked your armpits meaning you *know* there is
something wrong.  Besides, why do you think the servants always run away
from you?  It's because of your smell."

	"It is not!"

	"Is too!"

	"Is not!"  (Is too!)  "Not"  (Too!)   "Not"  (Too!)  "NO IT'S NOT!"
argued Shinosuke, teeth clenched, defending his body odor.  (Is too) "Is
not times an infinity!"

	"Is too times an infinity plus one."

	"GRRR- *smile* wait a sec, the ONLY reason they run away is because
you're there!  With a face like yours, who wouldn't?"

*****a few whaps later*****

	Both kids are now lying on the grass resting.  Ayeka is describing how
excited she is over her going through training.

	"I wonder when I'll be able to fly it all by my self," wondered Ayeka,
"Shin, what are you going to do?"

	"Don't you remember?  I'm going to become the very best Royal Guard
("2nd best Shin, my big brother is the best!") *ignores Ayeka's comment*
out there!" said Shinosuke, "Maybe I can even become a guardian!"

	(Wow...a guardian) O0o. Thought Ayeka, "What?  I thought you wanted to
become one of the Royal Guards."  Even at this age, Ayeka knew well
enough about becoming a guardian.  Her governess once told her about it:

*****

"Becoming a Guardian," she had stated, "is very difficult.  Not only
must you be deemed worthy by your master, pass the three trials, and
swear allegiance to the noble you work for- now one must be better than
the AT Guardians."

"Really?" Ayeka had asked.

"Yes, Princess.  The AT Guardians are *much* better than many of the old
human ones.  They can generally do more things; people won't have to
stay in stasis for the rest of their lives in those wooden cylinders-
carrying out their jobs with their mental ability."

"But don't the legends talk of the guardians 'awakening'?"

"The ancient legends are true when they talk of those 'awakenings'. 
However, those occur rarely and not for long in most cases.  Generally
it happens only when the master is in *extreme* distress and they need
to use their mental *and* 
physical strength.  Enough talk Highness, shall we begin with language?"

*****

	"..so that's why I want to become a guardian, it's so much more
exciting," he was saying.

	"..."

	"Hey, Ayeka! (...) Are you even listening?  Ayeka! (...)  Princess
Ayeka-"

	"Don't become a guardian!" Ayeka burst out.  Her voice becoming softer,
Ayeka whispered, "Please don't...I don't have any other friends save you
and Yosho..."

	*confused* "Ehh?!  But-," after looking at her eyes Shinosuke changed
his mind and instead said, "I won't go..."  ("You promise?")  "Yes." 
("Really?")  "I swear Aya!" swore Shinosuke, using the special nickname
he had given her, "Watch!"

	He took a small box out of his pocket and opened it.  It was two rings
made out of a Space Tree's wood and had a traditional Jurain "leaf"
design on it.  In the center was a clear ball-one blue and one red with
a crown of delicate wooden rings surrounding it.  Ayeka gasped in
delight.

	"You like it? ("Very much so!") I saved up to buy these two Promise
Rings for awhile now- ("They look so pretty!") and chose the baubles
myself.  One of them is the color of your eyes ("And one of them is your
eye-color!")... You're supposed to exchange them and make a promise to
each other- one promise on your blue ring and one promise on my red
ring.  (What then?")  Then we wear the rings.  Legend says that because
they are made from the wood of a real Space Tree and the bauble is made
from its sap, it has magical powers! ("Wow!")  One says that the rings
will keep the two people who promised on the other's ring connected
somehow; another says that you can tell if the other broke it!  Things
like that.  I don't really believe in it, but I thought you might want a
gift since the Queen is having a baby and you might feel bad..."

	*smile*  "Thank you very much, Shin!" Ayeka said, feeling much better,
"What should the promise be- I want to make it especially for you. 
("I'm not sure")  Well, I know what you're going to promise for me! 
("What am I promising?")  You'll promise me never to enter service as a
guardian!  ("You sure about that?")  Very sure."

	"Hmm...think of something you're promising me?  ("Not yet")  Well,
since its supposed to be special and all, I'll save it for later, ok? 
("Ok.")"

	Grabbing Ayeka's hand, Shinosuke put the blue ring on her finger and
promised on it.  "I shall not become a guardian on this ring I have for
Aya as 
long as I live!" he swore with his heart.


*****3 years later*****



	The once blue sky of Jurai had become tempestuous red.  Buildings were
damaged, flames were burned the gardens, and there were ships.  Many
ships.  Jurai's most powerful fleet of Space Trees could not be used,
they proved too dangerous to the innocent citizens outside the palace. 
People ran in panic- nowhere was "safe".  This was a day to be
remembered in Jurai's history, a tale told to make disobedient children
obey their parents- this was the day the space pirate Ryoko attacked
Planet Jurai.

	It was said that an accomplice, a renegade scientist- Kagato, renowned
as "the destroyer of historical artifacts"- helped Ryoko enter the
Planet's legendary defense systems.  By putting a special device called
a "neutralizer" on her ship, Ryo-Ohki, she was able to enter by making
her ship seem as part as the atmosphere and was not detected until it
was too late.  Many believed Kagato hired her to find the secret to the
House of Jurai's power- a secret he believed hidden in the Space
Trees...

*****in the palace*****

	"Come Highness!" the 2nd in command- Leader of the Guard, Mitsuru,
yelled.  The handsome man had short black hair with bright the bright
teal highlights and the glowing blue eyes was noble from the House of
Seiryuu (one of Jurai's 4 leading houses after the Royal Family :
Suzaku, Seiryuu, Byakko, and Genbu).  He had been away from Jurai most
of his life- studying at the most prestigious schools in the galaxy and
suddenly came back to his home planet, joining the Royal guard.  After
being recruited, he quickly rose to Leadership due to his unique
fighting and strategy skills.

	"But my brother- he's out there with *her* ," protested Ayeka, "Ryoko
might kill him!"

	"Yosho is one of the best fighters out there, if there's one who could
protect himself- it'd be him.  He'll be fine!" reassured the man as he
grabbed Ayeka's arm, running with her to the safety zone where the
Emperor and the Empresses stayed.

	While leading her to their destination, Ayeka could have sworn she
heard him whisper in a painful voice, "Ryoko" but she disregarded it as
her imagination.  Looking at Mitsuru's back as they ran, Ayeka noticed
something familiar about him.  "Pardon me, sir," she began, "are you by
any chance, related to Shinosuke?  (*a pause*)  He is a member of the
House of Seiryuu- (*no answer*) I thought that you were from that house
as well, forgive me intruding."

	"He is a cousin's," he began somewhat bitterly, "great- grandson.  ("He
looks very much like you.")  His grandfather and great-grandfather both
had blonde hair; my cousin had blue eyes like the rest of us- the
grandfather only has green eyes because he got it from-"

	"From...?" prompted Ayeka.

	"Nothing, the boy isn't pure Jurain though, just in case it should ever
come up..." he muttered somewhat accusingly, "  ("What?")  Never mind. 
Here we are," Mitsuru stopped at the entrance to a double-door gateway
that looked like it hadn't been used in years.  What lay beyond the
doors was a pond of "water" that would transport the person to the area
set in its memory.  It was said that these rooms were given as gifts
from the Goddess herself, only to be used in the most desperate of
times.  Because this room was located in the heart of the palace, it
must lead to somewhere important, most likely the ship of the Emperor.

	Trying to open the doors, Ayeka realized it was locked.  "Can you open
this, Sir?" she asked Mitsuru.

	He shook his head and replied, "I'm afraid not, you have to use your
*own* key."

	"You mean this?" Ayeka questioned while pointing to her tiara.

	"Yes, Princess."

	Ayeka stood before the doors and leaned her forehead against them so
her tiara touched the crack.  She began to softly chant the
teleportation prayer she learned from a High Priestess.  "Finding the
path to infinity...granting the star children passage through the
void...help us in our time of need!"

	A bright light surrounded them, causing Ayeka and Mitsuru to close
their eyes.  When they reopened them, they saw a shallow pond with a
young sapling from a space tree enclosing it- forming a makeshift roof
above the water.  The scene looked beautiful in a simple sort of way.

	"Here we must part, Princess," who then turned on his heels and
proceeded to walk back towards his post at the front of the palace.

	"Wait Sir!" Ayeka called after him, but there was no reply.  (He must
not have heard me) O0o. thought Ayeka as she walked toward the pool. 
Placing her foot in it, she realized that the water was liquid...yet
solid too.  It was if she stepped on a thin layer of "skin"- it would go
down with her weight, but not break.  When she reached the tree that
stood in the center, she spoke the Royal Prayer, a chant known only to
the Royal House that activated most Space Trees.  When she stopped, rays
of light encircled her.  "How beautiful," she commented- it was the last
thing she remembered.

*****Outside of Palace Grounds*****

	There she sat, laughing, as she shot down the already weakened ships
that dared cross her path.  They crashed into objects, like giant trees
and buildings, causing them to shake and fall.  Her eyes glowed an eerie
red as she watched the destruction she caused like this was a game. 
This girl was the space pirate Ryoko.

	"You Devil!" screamed Yosho as he ran towards her, trying to catch up
when he noticed that she was making her getaway on her ship Ryo-Ohki. 
(I'm not going to let her get away!) O0o. was his thought when he
teleported himself into his own spaceship, Funaho.

	And he would chase her.  Chase her as their ships went dancing among
the stars and planets until they reached the young planet known as
Earth.  There both Ryoko's and Yosho's fate would be decided.  This
action would cause all other events to fall into this planet's path.

*****On the Emperor's Ship*****

	"YOSHO!" Ayeka screamed.  She had just woken up from a terrible dream
of Yosho being killed by Ryoko, never to return to Jurai.  (What am I
doing here, in bed) O0o. was her thought as she sat up, looking around
the large bedroom.

	"You transported yourself here safely and got tired from the
experience," said a voice, coming out of nowhere.  It was Funaho, First
Empress of Jurai.

	"Lady Funaho..." Ayeka looked at Empress Funaho's eyes, searching for
the answer to her unasked question.

	After staring back at Ayeka for awhile, the Empress said in a pained
voice, "Here.  He wanted you to have this before he left to fight."  She
handed the princess a thick disk of wood; a hologram message.  Then she
turned away and quickly walked to the door, paused, and then whispered,
"He's going back home, my daughter," before closing the door shut.

	"Back home?!?" Ayeka wondered, "He already *is* home...we were to be
married in just three years- why did you have to go...why not someone
else!?", thoughts such as these raced in her head as she threw her head
down on a pillow and cried until she finally fell asleep.

	In the shadows, a lone figure watched her sorrowfully , guarding her
sleep...


*****the next day*****


	Ayeka sat in front of her broken mirror.  There were many cracks in the
smooth glass, for during the attack, her bedchamber had gotten messed
up.  Clothes were scattered on the floor- many drawers had fallen due to
the "earthquakes" of ships crashing and energies being shot at the
palace.

	Staring at the mirror intently, Ayeka began to count the cracks,
"One...two...three...seven.  Seven years of sadness *," she murmured. 
(*Much like Earthlings, Jurains believe broken glass/mirrors tell of
upcoming sorrow)  "Yosho...come home...I need you!" Ayeka cried out. 
"I'll be waiting...-"

	"But not forever."


End of Prologue


Evil's notes:
	So, did you enjoy this story?  I hope you did, it's my first time doing
something like this.  Uhh, about the very beginning two scenes, I kinda
had it in present tense and then I shifted it into past.  Mi Profe de
Ingles no le gustan las cosas- I'm working with limited Spanish skills
with that statement, ignore what I just said if it doesn't make
sense...doesn't even make sense to me.  I won't do that again (I hope). 
Ugh, it sounds corny too at parts...but I'd like to know YOUR thoughts
on it.  Mail your comments/questions/others to evileyez8@hotmail.com. 
Oh yeah, I am making some drawings to go along with the scenes/people,
although you guys won't see them from here, if you want, I'll try to
send you one or two that I drew.  Tenchi Muyo does not belong to me. 
All of the original cast, belong to Pioneer/AIC.  However, this
particular storyline and new characters are MINE!!!!!!!! (BWAHAHAHAHAAA-
actually, a couple scenes were "borrowed" from the OAV's, and *don't*
belong to me...) Now the copyright!  (ugh....)  No Need for the Loves of
Heaven and Earth! a copyright of Evileyez, 1999



Theater!  What is the role of Evil?



Morwen: Just wondering- you acting as a girl this time?
Evil: WHAT?!?!
Morwen: Are you a girl this time?  It gets really confusing as to
determine your gender at times.
Evil: I'm not even going to answer that...
Morwen: *shrug*  It was a simple question.
Evil: I summoned you here so we could talk about my story, not about my
sex!
Morwen: *raised eyebrow*  You...summoned me?  *bursts out laughing*
Evil: ...
Morwen: Isn't it more like talking to yourself?
Evil: Oh, shut up!
Morwen: Since Evil, being Evil's self, has once more strayed from the
path of discussion-
Evil: *I* strayed?!?!?  You're the idiot who asked the question!
Morwen: Well, if you're not going to be mature about this-
Evil: ME?!!!!!  You're making me sound immature, when it is *you* who's
"not mature"!
Morwen: *continues* I'll just close the curtains.
Evil:  Since when do we have curtains?!?!  *I'M* the one leading the
show and you can't-
SHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH SHHHHHHHH SHHHHHHHHH SHHHHHHH
Evil: Hey-!
SHHHHHHHHT
The end
