				"No need for Tenchi"
			        Ronin: Part III
	                 "Children of the Gods"
	
	As Tenchi, Mishoshi, and Ryouko joined Ron and Kiyone at the gun range,
Ron couldn't help, but keep one eye on Ryouko once and awhile, and she
knew it! As a table was set up, Ron went over to Two-fifty and opened up
the storage cases in the truck's bed and pulled out a assortment of
different types of weaponry. Some was issued by the Galaxy Police or the
Galaxy Military. But what surprised this group was the collection of
earth weapons! Kiyone was the only one who was not alarmed at this
because now she knew Ron is really "Number Five" of "Team Fifteen" and
it was rumored that he used such weapons in his personal arsenal! This
only strengthen the fact of his identification was real! Plus the order
he just gave her about "Level Omega" she knew very well that there is a
possibly a great danger  is nearby! She and Mishoshi may need to aid him
in this important mission. What ever it is! However, her mind is racing
at what had just happen between them not to long ago! Also, if he didn't
die over Jura a few years ago! Why was he put on Earth and now living in
the United States? And if he's alive, are the other members of Fifteen
alive as well? Just waiting somewhere out there to hear the "order"?
These and many other complex questions raced around in her brain and
right now she has no real proof expect, to go with Ron, but that doesn't
mean she is going to trust him fully yet! 
	
	"As you can see these weapons are not normal issued items!" says Ron as
he holds up the HK-5 pistol-grip shot gun and pointing the barrel up to
the sky. "However, one of my strong points next to the study of the
anthropology of this world, is the study of it's weapons in the art of
"Interior Ballistics"! Over time I have developed a taste for them as
well including ways of making them a better use!"
	Ron shows off several other guns including his personal one, the Smith
and Wession .45! Then a Beretta 93F, a Glock , a Ruger "P" model, and
the M203 combat rifle.  Kiyone then notices something else on the table
that catches her full attention.
	"Is that a whip?" she asked with a captivated look on her face.
	Ron looks down, picks it up, and hands it to her.
	"Yes! A weapon I use sometimes along with others when any other type of
weapon giving off a `hot' energy source could be very dangerous to the
user in unsafe environments. Such as for example, spaces where the air
is too rich in oxygen! This one of the reasons combat knifes are still
issued. And this!"
	He pulls out a device in the size and shape of a medium black metal
flashlight. He pushes a button and in a blink of the eye, the object
extends to a 30" long staff!
	"This is called a `expandable baton'!" he explains and gives a couple
quick circular swings. "It's great for `undercover' work! The police of
this world use them a great deal!"
 	"This whip was made for me by a friend in Mexico  as a gift! As you
can see the leather is top class in grain, and at the end of the whip is
a sharp metal tip! This whip was designed to help farmers protect
themselves from bandits!"
	"May I?" asked Kiyone as she unrolled the seven foot whip.
	"Sure!" said Ron with a light grin. "Let me set up some of these cans
for practice."
	As Ron puts the cans on a stand, Kiyone flicks the whip lightly to get
the feel of it. Ryouko walks behind her and stops at a save distance.
	"Have you ever used something like that before?"
	"I've had some experience!" Kiyone replied softy as she walks up to the
site.
	Ron makes everyone go back a few feet to make sure Kiyone had a enough
room!
	She studies the cans carefully. All four of them. Then with a few
practice shots, she lashes the whip out with full force! With the first
three shots, she strikes each can with the `tip' causing them to be
ripped apart!  However, the last       can she stuck which was the
bottom part cause it to flip into the air! It only took millisecond for
Kiyone to judge at how high the can is airborne and with the fourth
strike she throws the tip again at the can making it blow away in two
different directions! She then recoils the whip perfectly to her side! 
	"Yes!" she shouts with pride and does the "victory" symbol with her
right hand!
	"Very good!" shouts Ron as he appalled at her work .
	Tenchi, Mishoshi and Ryouko do the same.
	"Where did you learn to do that?" asked Tenchi. 
	"My uncle has a farm back home and cousin is a tomboy!" said Kiyone.
	"Tell me about it." said Ron to himself.
	Ryouko just looks at Kiyone with a little discomfort. 
	"I'm glad she just has that dumb laser `yo-yo'of hers, and not a laser
whip!" she thinks to herself.
	As the lesson continued Ron finally pulls out the Colt .45 auto again
from it's holster. He takes out the magazine and replaces it with
another one marked with a red stripe on it!
	He walks out to the middle of the field with a three foot log in hand
and sits it down. As he walks back to the others (which is about
five-hundred feet) he pulls out a "suppressor" from his utility belt and
screws it to the gun's barrel!
	"What is that?" asked Mishoshi as Ron got within a few feet of them.
	"This is called a `suppressor'!" explain Ron as he turned around to
face the log! " It  works in theory like the laser suppressor that
concedes the `flash' of the gun only in this case this suppresses the
sound!"
	"Oh yeah guys we seen those in the movies!" said Tenchi.
	"I bet you have not seen something like THIS in the movies!" said Ron
with a grin as he puts on his black gloves and carefully aims the gun at
the target!
	Ryouko decided to see what Ron meant by this! She waited for the moment
to come!
	"Put in those ears plugs that I gave you please!" orders Ron as he
turns on the laser pointer!
	Kiyone thought that this was a strange request because the way Ron
explained about the suppresser use, but she knew better that if Five
gave you the order there is a good reason for it!
	As soon as Ron knew that they were all set he slowly pulled on the
trigger and the `hammer' flies down and the bullet leaves the gun with a
low "PUNT"! 	Ryouko saw the moment is now! All within a blink of one's
good eye, she `phased' from behind them and appeared a little over the
first quarter of the bullet's flight! She was able to catch the
`missile' with her right hand as it `buzzed' toward her in the chest!
She didn't even move an inch from the kinetic energy made by it! 
	Ron's face was full of disbelief at what he just saw happen in-front of
him and the others had the same appropriate faces as well!
	"Well now!" Ryouko said with a grin of pleasement on her face. "Your
right! I have never seen anything like this in the movies! So, Ron what
do you do if `this' happens?" 
	Ron quickly grabs the three people around him in a huddle!
	"Sheild-sphere, level four, now!" he yells and a force field surrounds
the group!
	"Huh?" says Ryouko as she sees this! The next thing she feels is the
bullet she caught as it makes a small `click' sound!
	"Oh No." she says quietly says as she lowers her head with
disappointment knowing she had just made a poor mistake in judgment.
	The bullet explodes with the equivalent force of 20 pounds of C-4,
engulfing the woman in a conitraded hot ball of plasma fire!  
	 Like a ripple, the shock-wave speads out and slams into the speare and
Two-fifty. The force field did it's job well, no one was hurt and
Two-fifty's shields held up as well. Ryouko on the other hand was not in
the best of shape after that "screw up"! When the smoke at last
departed, she looked like a scarecrow after it was hit by a napalm bomb!
	"Ouchie." she spoke softy as she looked at her hand where the bullet
was. "Yeah, all five fingers are still there." She then falls on her
back!
	Ron lowers his personal shield by pushing a button on his belt bucket
which was the shape of the maltase cross used by fire fighters. Tenchi,
Kiyone and Moshshi run up to Ryouko. Tenchi helps her up.
	"Are you all right?" he asked.
	Ryouko gets up and brushes the soot off her body and what was left of
her clothes.
	"I'm fine." she grumbles then looks at Ron with anger. "Hey! What's the
idea using something that powerful around here?!"
	Ron takes a deep breath, sighs, and looks at Ryouko calmly.
	"Well for starters I have to admit I didn't expected you to `catch'
that round!" he said as he pointed over her shoulder. "However, you
should have known better than to do something that rash. I mean look! I
put that log out that far for a good reason!"
	"That explosion could have still hurt or killed somebody even if I
didn't get in the way!" she yelled back at him holding up a fist at him!
	Ron looks at Two-fifty and without saying a word the truck raises a
shied that  acts like a wall and covers anything behind the `safety
line' at the gun range.
	"As you can see I had a `safety-net' on stand-by!" The reason I used my
own is that I couldn't take the chance of someone getting killed because
you were so close to us. Kiyone, Moishi and Tenchi here are all under my
protection including you Ryouko!" he said as he raised his voice through
out his speech.  "But I can't save you from yourself!"
	Ryouko just stares at Ron bearing her teeth at him, but she can see
that he is not threaten by this at all! He just stares back at her stone
cold!
	"Fuck you!!" she yells at the top of her lungs.
	"I would rather not." he replies coldly back at her. 
	Kiyone has heard of strong rumors that one of the prime reasons Team
Fifteen was formed was at one time to hunt down Ryouko for the police!
She knew that this had to stop this because who knows what could happen
next!
	"Ryouko!" she ordered as she got in space-pirate's face! "Stop it! You
were in the wrong and you know it! Ron was in control and you were not!"
	"Huh?" said Ryouko as she was surprised at Kiyone's sudden extra
backbone to her! "Who do you think you are talking to little
metermaid?!"
	"Ryouko I'M telling you to stop!" said Tenchi as he stood behind
Kiyone. "What is your problem anyway? You have been nothing
but...hostile toward Ron, Kiyone, and Moshishi for the last two days!"
	"HE is my problem!" she yelled and pointed at Ron. "I don't like him
and I DON'T trust him! There something about him that is not right!"
	Tenchi turns to Ron who just stands with a concerned look. 
	"Well I don't find him to be much of a problem, and if my grandfather
trusts him then I will trust him as well!" he said as he looked at
Ryouko right in the eye!
	"OHHHH!" Ryouko grumbles, turns away and phases away out of sight!
	"I'm sorry about this Tenchi." said Ron as he bow his head. "I don't
mean to be this kind of trouble to you or the others."
	"No I want to say I'm sorry." replied Tenchi with sigh. "You are just
trying to make yourself useful around here next to protecting us, and
she is just getting in the way! I'II have a talk with her later!"
	"I will to if you don't mind!" said Ron as he pick's up his gun off the
ground. "This has to stop."
	"I don't know what is eating at her!" said Tenchi. 
	"I think I know what is." said Ron to himself. "And I don't blame her
at all!" 
	 "Say what kind of bullet was that anyway?" asked Tenchi. 
	"It was designed as  improvised munitions! To look and work like a
`round' for the .45 in this case, but it's true propose was to be used
on small vehicles and troops with heavy duty body armor or light power
armor on them. A real show stopper as you can see!"
	"Also it can take out small fighter-class type ships too I believe!"
said Kiyone as she walked up to Ron. "Urban combat warfare warriors like
using stuff such as this in `hot zones' as a form of `streetsweepers'!"
	"You are correct  Kiyone!" said Ron. "It had a funny name to it. In the
G.P. circuits get gave it the name from Earth called, "The ghetto
blaster"!
	As Tenchi and Mishoshi go to look for Ryouko. Kiyone stays behind to
help Ron clean up the area.
	"I didn't have the chance to say I'm sorry about blowing your cover
sir! said Kiyone with a nervous voice. "I know I was out of line and I
will except what punishment you give me!"
	Ron looks right up at her squire in the eye. Kiyone knows this "look",
she  remembers how firm he was with her back the Police Academy at
discipline and at issuing orders. But to her amazement he smiled back at
her and put his right hand on her shoulder!
	"I'am the one who must say `I'm sorry' to you! said Ron in a proud
voice. "You did very thing that a true detective is suppose to do! Find
the truth about a mystery! In a way! Believe me if I could only tell you
what is going on I would, however, I'am in much in the dark as you are
at why I'm really here!
	"I thought you where here to protect...me from "Double Blade"?
 she asked respectfully.
	"I'am." said Ron. "But I find this whole thing somewhat little bit
over-reactive!"
	"So do I" replied Kiyone. "I mean your right at what you said earlier!
`Level Omega for me?' I mean maybe for Mishoshi because of her
grandfather, but the last time I heard that kind of order was when
"Operation Clear-cut" was broadcast over the networks! "I guess I'm just
an escape goat for the police to use to bring you here from some kind of
mission that you are needed for! Especially if you have be in hiding
these last few years. I guess in their eyes I'm really just expendable!"
	Ron holds up his left arm to make her stop taking!
	"Stop right where you are! I'm surprised to hear this from you! A good
police officer in my book is NOT expendable!" said Ron with a serious
tone. "Especially one that I have trained in police tactics because I
believe that they are special in my eyes! I will protect you as ordered
no matter what happens! It is my duty and my honor! Just keep everything
that we are talking about to yourself for now!"
	"Yes sir!" said Kiyone. 
	"By the way!" said Ron with a troubled face. "Was it my eyes that gave
me away?"
	"Yes!" said Kiyone. "You taught me this."
	"I only enforced your ability! Your intelligence did the rest!" said
Ron. Your father told me that you where very good at reading ones eyes!"
	"Can I say something?" she asked.
	"Sure." said Ron.
	"How do you know my father so much?" 
	"He and I are good friends." replied Ron with peaceful look in his
eyes. "We worked together before you became a cop."
	"Would you believe the only reason that I got so good at reading eyes
was because of Number Six?"
	"Six?"
	"The very first time I saw Six's deep jade color eyes look at right at
me! That night in the drill hall you and the other members of Fifteen
first came to us when we were just new cadets at the Academy?"
	"Yes."
	"When I saw those eyes that belong to a woman who must have been
stunning under that tactical hood of hers! Kiyone paused for a second.
"I knew then I had a great gift that I wanted to make it stronger!"
	"You where right." said Ron. "She was stunning to behold as she was
deadly. She was strong in mind with a body sharp in reflexes as she was
with a sword and...seductive."  
	Ron lifts up his sleeve to show his tattoo.
	"How did you know about this?" he asked.
	Kiyone was hoping that he was not going to ask this question, but she
knew she had to answer him!
	"I heard a rumor about the tattoos you and the others wore on the upper
part of the shoulder. I had to find out for myself if this was true!"
	Ron just nodded. 
	"Kiyone?"
	"Yes?"
	"Sarah McPherson." he said softy.
	" Six's? she said then paused for a second. "Her real name?"
	"Yes!" as he turned away back to the truck.
	  "Number Six! Of all the female members of Team Fifteen, she was, by
reputation as; `The bad-ass one of them all'! `The Amazon!' but, `Sarah
McPherson?'" Again there  it is was, a name that was from this world
Kiyone quickly notices to herself! "Why is it that they have these types
of names, when she was told at the Academy that the members of the team
came from different worlds that were all races of beings that have been
well into space-faring race like her own! Or is it possible that..."  

*****************************************************************************
		That late afternoon Ron sat in Two-fifty's cab to give his daily
report to the Galaxy Police by via-com to the central of operations at
the new headquarters. This included the `Unit Three's Federal Defense
Division Commissioner'  and the High Marshal himself.
	"So she did find you out after all." said the high Marshall. Himm, no
surprised there. My granddaughter told me that Kiyone was strong at
reading people's eyes! It has saved her more than once from harm,
Captain!"
	"Again sir, I'm sorry I failed in this matter." said Ron with a tone of
disappointment
	"Number Five! I find your actions totally in negligence and
unacceptable in this matter!"  said the Commissioner with anger in his
voice. "In all the years that you have been able to "blend" in with a
culture without being known at all. You let Kiyone find you out so
easy?!"
	The High Marshal just holds up his hand telling the Commissioner to be
quiet!
	"Ron I'm not disappointed in this." he said calmly. "I knew when I
assigned  you to this task that the risk that Kiyone would find out you
would be high, but not this fast! That is why I did not order you to
wear a disguise of any kind. It would have made things more difficult in
the long run to explain yourself later on."
	"It's ashamed that Number Six was not there!" said the commissioner.
"She could have used her E.S.P. abilities to suppress Kiyone's `link'
with you! As she did back in the academy! As you know when the
adolescents of Kiyone's world turn eighteen that the "link's" power
grows stronger every year until they find their "Guardians" or...until
the council of the Guardians take out that "link" of hers! It so close!"
continued the commissioner who showed a worried face.
	"Sir!" said Ron. "I'm well aware of this guardianship with your
daughter that I swore and vowed! What I'm not aware of is the location
of "DoubleBlade"...sir!
	"He's out there somewhere Captain!" said the Marshall. "No major
reports as of yet from the stations in your system!"
	Ron gives a sigh of disappoint.
	"I know." said the Marshal. "That is not the news I like to hear ether!
Right now keep an eye out! You now have a great deal more to protect now
other than First Class Kiyone! Just like your orders say so. I expect no
less from you!"
	Ron pauses for a second to recall what the High Marshal said earlier to
him!
	"High Marshal?" he asked. "What did you mean; `explain yourself
later'".
	The marshal sat back and nodded.
	"Good you were listening! Off the record!"
	Ron turns off his comm's. recording unit.
	"I can't find any words to say this better." said the marshal as he
wipes his brow with a small cloth, and leans closer to his desk's camera
and gives Ron his own serious look. "I want you to tell them who you
really are and your personnel involvement with Team Fifteen!"
 	 "Sir?" said Ron. "That is information about the whole team's history
and missions are classified as most secret! Are you sure that telling
these people other than Kiyone or Mishoshi, is this wise?!"
	  "I wish I was joking!" replied the marshal. "However, the Emperor
himself, Lady Funaho, and the other Chiefs of  `F.G.P.S.O.G.' ( The
Federal Galaxy Police's Special Operations Groups) have agreed for you
to tell these people this information. I also agreed to do this! They
need your trust as much you need theirs! We are going to give a
controlled lecture on this due to the fact of security! Do you still
have that package that was sent to you in the Keys?"
	Ron quickly turns around to the `cab' section of the truck, and picks
up the  brown paper package!
	"Pull out the smaller package inside it." explains the marshal. "And
open it up!"
	Doing so he comes to find a device about the size of a personal compact
disk player!
	"A three-D-demonstrator hologram projector sir?" asked Ron holding up
the unit to the Two-fifty's camera which was now acting for visual
commutations between the men.
	"I will now brief you at how we are going to do this Captain!" said the
Marshal then a smile comes to him. " If you do what we say, you will be
allowed to tell Kiyone about you and her!"
	Ron returns the smile back to the Marshal. It soon goes away as he
thought about something.
	
	"What about Ryouko, sir?"  he asked with concern. "After that
`piledriver' she did on me, and the `fireball' job I did on her! I don't
think she and I are not going to hold off at each others necks much
longer!"
	"Yes." grumbled the commissioner.
	"Try to keep up your discipline!" orders the marshal. "I know it is
hard right now, but you must protect First Class Kiyone! Remember you
are on a `O.L.M.'* (Omega Level mission), no matter how strange this one
is!"
	   	
***************************************************************************
	As the evening wore on, the full bright moon was high in the dark sky
and gave the valley a soft glow to it. Everyone one in the Tenchi
household when to bed already and were fast asleep. Everyone,but Ron
that is. Even though Tenchi convince him to sleep inside tonight, Ron
requested to sleep down stares. As soon as he believed that was out, he
changed out of his jeans and black T-shirt into his issued Galaxy
Police's tactical gear. This black colour gear is crossed between the
tradition that is worn by the Galaxy Police which it is almost the same
kind that the police in the Untied States and other countries wear,
however this gear also looks like the kind that a solider wears in Light
Infantry! He is, however, not wearing his mask that goes with it, but
instead a narrow black headband that he uses to control his sweat!
	He sits in the dark by the dinner table with one arm resting on it. As
the moon light comes in the living room some of the light shines off the
dark blue barrel of his gun and into his eyes as it lays on the table.
He is not bothered by this because he is actually looking at the table
itself and thinking very hard of a word that he has not thought of in a
very long time now! It finally comes to him!
	"Bord!" he thinks to himself! "Bord! Skit! It has been so long!"
	Ron is trying to recall the word that his grandfather taught him long
ago when he was a boy back in Waterford! "Bord" means `table' in Celtic!
	"Cru'sca*!" he thinks again! (Jug*) "I could use a jug fine Irish wine
right about now if ah wasn't on duty! Ahh! It has been so long that ah
have tasted it last! surprised I never became a drunk form all that I
have been through! Just as well! Ah never did like that stereo-type
thing that all us Irish men were but, `good for nothing drunks'! What a
load of horse-skit that is! But, we know how to party when we do! He
makes a small soft chuckle outloud. "Ah wonder if that dear old woman
back home in the Keys has finished sewing up that rip ah made in me
kilt? Such a sweet woman she is! Bless her!"
	He then puts his hands on his medieval-age, double-edge sword's hilt
that is placed in it's black leather sheath, next to it was the barrel
belonging to what appeared to a Remington 870 pump-shotgun which was
secured around Ron's chest by a black web slings , both of which were
resting on his back for a `over the shoulder draw' attack!
	"Claiomh*! (Sword*) "That's your name as my grandfather said you were!
Ah never understood why we called you just `Sword'? Crazy!"
	Then in the corner of his left eye he see something on the ground as it
flies by in the air!  A shadow! A known shadow!
	"Ah crap!" he again thinks to himself. "What now?"
	Ron puts his black gloves back on, then his gun back into a `thigh
holster' on his left leg, which is attached to his weapons belt, under
his upper body light armor! With the swiftness and quietness of a young
cat he makes his way up toward the upper part of the house! No one hears
him!

*****************************************************************************
	On the roof top of the house, Ryouko makes her way through the cool
night air, then she gently turns down to the window that looked into
Tenchi's room. 
	She gently `phase' through the glass and into the room where Tenchi is
sound asleep. She smiles down at him as she watches as he breaths.
	"I don't know who this man is or why I feel such anxiety toward him,
Tenchi." Ryouko thinks to herself. "But I won't let him even touch you!
I vow this!"
	She `"phased" out the window again and hovered in mid-air, turned
around to face the window again.
	"`Good night, sweet prince!'" says Ryouko softy.
	Then a voice from above her calls out softy to her!
	"`And flight of angels sing thee to thy rest!'" said Ron looking down
at her with a grin, as he sat on the roof over Tenchi's window with one
leg crossed over the other holding what appears to be the size of a two
C-cell, black metal flashlight in his left hand! "Hamlet! Sence II...I
believe!"
	Rage suddenly comes over Ryouko as she looks up at him with glowing
eyes! She zips right up at Ron until she just a few inches from his
face! Ron doesn't move a muscle at all!
	"You!" she growled, but kept her voice down to a quiet level. "How dare
you pull this!"
	Ron respectfully talks at the same voice level, but more calmly at
Ryouko!
	"Take it easy." he said "I'm just like you, I was checking on the
people that I'm protecting. I mean no harm."
	"You are not like me!" she growled as she from her energy sword and
puts it near his neck! "You can't do this!"
	Ron looks right at her with a frown forehead.
	"Your right." he replied calmly again. "I don't have those gems of
yours, however, I do have this!"
	Right before Ryouko's eyes a blue energy sword formed out of the
`flashlight's' lens!
	"Do I have to tell you what popular movie I got this idea from?" Ron
said with his grin returning as his face is illuminated from the sword's
light! "I still have no idea what kind power those gems produce other
than being very strange, but this one is powered by a  plasma fusion
type generator with field dampers for control, and focused by a Topyun
concave lens!"
	Ryouko's and Ron's swords do cross over each other, however they do not
touch! Then without warning Ron turns off his sword, puts it away, and
then looks at Ryouko plainly. 
	"I don't want to fight you Ryouko! I respect you very much and I know
the power you have now...could kill me! I was told by someone once that
you wanted to be treated as a real human being! I will now give you the
chance to prove this to me that you want this to be a fact! If you
wish...."
	Ron carefully pulls out a note pad and a  stainless steel Galaxy Police
issued pen from a front pouch on his belt and presses down on the top
button to stick the point out!
	" Being a highly respectable policeman within the Galaxy Police corps.,
I have a strong `rap' with a great deal of the powerful people in the
`independent interglacial tribunal' that wishes to see you brought in
for trail of your crimes! This of course excludes the Juarians who say
you have paid your *ahem* invoice with them! However, there are others
who still after all these years want your eye balls as earrings! I will
make out a official notice showing that you wish repent your crimes, to
be treated as a human being, and stop being treated a weapon of mindless
destruction! A `wilding' if you will! I have this power! Maybe I could
get some of them to stop looking for you as a prey of vengeance! Stop
worrying about being hunted down like a beast, and maybe run the risk of
loosing Tenchi forever because of your past! What do you say? You may
have to come with me back to H.Q. however!"
	Ryouko just stares at Ron for a few seconds. Thinking of the words that
Ron just said! Ron just spins the pen in his hand and everytime he
completes a turn he pushes the button with his thumb! He does this seven
times, until he stops!
	"Is this true or a trick?" she think to herself. However, for good or
for bad she makes her choice! In a heart beat, she begins to throw her
sword back behind her head to make a hard blow at Ron's chest!
	Within this same heart beat, Ron pushes the button hard this time on
the pen and points at Ryouko's face! A sharp burst of `mace' defense
spray foam comes out of the pen's tip, into Ryouko's eyes and covers her
face completely! She screams out as she feels the `burning' effects of
the foam! Her energy sword dissolved away as she looses her
concentration and she tries to get the stuff off of her!
	Ron jumps into the air and does a flip over her, hits the ground on two
feet and runs like hell! He knows that the way Ryouko can recover so
fast from an attack that he does not have much time to pull this off!
	With all this going on no body really heard the noise! Thanks to
Tenchi's father who designed the house in way that it was almost sound
proof when the windows were all closed and the air-conditioner was on!
	Ryouko still continues to wipe the brownish foam off her eyes, until
she can see somewhat again!
	" That's a dirty play! I'm going to kill you!!" she yells as flies
after him! "You are so dead!"
	Ron can hear her coming and keeps on running to the open part of the
field where is he was earlier!
	Inside the house Samiami opens her eyes as if someone told her to! She
quickly gets up, looks out the window in her room to see Ron and Ryouko
run off into the forest!
	"No she will kill him!" she says to herself. 
	As she steps over Ayeka, then Kiyone quickly, she does not notice that
Kiyone's face was lightly covered with a cold sweat as it runs her face,
and her heart was beating quickly! She was dreaming.
	 Out of the room, down the stairs and out the house after the two as
fast her legs could carry her! Samiami was determined to stop the two
warriors! 
	

******************************************************************************
	(Writer's note: The next few pages are juxtaposed with each other!)
	 Kiyone was walking carefully around in a world that was deep in swirls
of mists and a strange fog of alien nature! She was dressed in her
Galaxy Police uniform and had her weapon drawn. Ready for anything to be
thrown at her! Or was she? As she looked endlessly for a reason why she
was here or what for. A person? Maybe, because she hasn't seen anyone
yet here in this bleak place! Right now she would be just glad	to see
Mishoshi! Forbid the thought, but this whole thing was giving her a
uncomfortable chill down her back! For a few seconds the fog seem to
grow thicker almost to the point of not seeing an inch in 
front of her, then it somewhat faded away. As soon a it began to lighten
up, Kiyone heard a sound. Someone was crying!
	As she followed the sound though the sinful looking fog, she came
across of a man who was the source of the crying. His back was turned
from away from her as she approached to him with caution! He was also
kneeing down on both legs and embracing something close to his chest!
>From the sound of his voice he was a middle age man.
	"Excuse sir?" she asked kindly, but was still in a `ready position' to
protect herself  just in case! "Are you alright?"
	As Kiyone tries to look over into the man's arms and when she finally
sees what is there, horror of disbelief overcomes her!
********************************************************************************
	 "Back in the real world at that same moment!"
	Samimi is having a hard time keeping up with Ron and Ryouko as they
battle it out!
           Ryouko comes to the opening in the field that she, Ron and
the others were earlier today! Thanks to that `stuff' Ron sprayed into
her eyes, she has lost track of him! Then she sees something glimmer by
a tree in the moonlight! She summoned her `other' self to appear and
check it out!
	As the other Ryouko flew down to the object, she sees that it is the
shotgun that Ron was caring earlier laying next to the tree! The scope
that was attached to it  was giving off the reflection from the moon's
light by it's front lens!
	" Must have dropped it!" said the `copy' Ryouko to the `real' one!
"Well that's one less weapon he has...?!"
	From behind the `copy' a couple of bullets strike from behind her! They
just simply bounce off as if they were made of soft rubber!  Dropping
the shotgun, she turns around to see Ron at other side of the field,
pointing his .45 with it's suppressor on at her with a still smoking
barrel!
	"Two for one!" he said with a proud voice! "I love it!"
	The `copy' Ryouko leaps right at Ron at a fast speed with raging battle
cry! Ron doesn't move an inch as if he want's her to catch him! From
above the `true' Ryouko is watching the whole thing with her now healed
eyes! Disputing what is happening down there she is puzzled at the way
Ron is pulling this move on her double who is just as deadly!
	Within a couple seconds the `copy' makes contact with Ron! Or she
thought she did! Instead she `phased' right through him as if he
somekind of ghost! He was! A technical ghost! A hologram! The `copy'
slams hard against a big pine tree which was behind the ` laser-ghost'!
She is stunned by the blow!
	"What?" yelled the `true' Ryouko! "He just made my `twin' go against
his own fake `twin'?!"


*****************************************************************************
	"Back in Kiyone's dream!"
	Kiyone was horrified at what she is seeing before her! The man finally
takes notice of her, gets up, and turns around to face her! In his arms
he is holding a young girl about ten years old! She has long blond hair,
long as Kiyone's! She was wearing a white dress with a gold necklace
around her neck and strapped sandals. She also was wearing a blue
headband just like the man's who was her father! These people were from
her world and she knew them! The little girl's eyes are close because
she was dead!
 	He man looks right at Kiyone with a face full of grief and great pain!
	"Why?" he said to her. "Why did my daughter have to die! You said
yourself you would get her killers! "Why have you failed in this?" Why?"
	His words cut right through her shaper than any blade she could think
of! She didn't know what to say nor could she move because she was so
shocked Then another voice is hear in the blackness in the background!
	"Drop her you bastard!" it roared.
	Kiyone turns to be captivated at what comes out from the dark! Ron! He
is dressed the same way he is battling Ryouko right know back in the
`real' world except he is now wearing his `tactical mask' which only
shows his eyes and he has the roman number five on his right breast
pocket! He had a Galaxy Police laser rifle on his side, but in his hands
he wielded a `high-power' earth-type rifle and was pointed at the man's
back! 
	At first Kiyone thought that Ron was talking to the father, however, he
never gave a emotion that Ron was behind him! He just continued to
stared blindly at Kiyone.
	Ron walked up with a demand in his steps behind the father until he was
right next to the man and as if he were looking over Kiyone's shoulder
continued to point the rifle over her and into the other side of the
darkness as if he was focused on another subject that she couldn't see!
 
***************************************************************************
	"Back into the real world again!"
	Ryouko was caught off guard first by Ron with his `foam' attack, how he
just made her own `twin' get fooled by him. Just as she was ready to
release her full power she see and hears something coming down in the
main trail!
	Thanks to his black outfit and the darkness of the forest, Ron used the
camouflage to quickly make his way to the other side of the field and
come right out into the open behind Ryouko! 
	As he comes running into the moonlight, Ryouko can see the he is
spinning something in his left hand between his fingers, above his head!
She can't make it out because it was a `blur', she doesn't take any more
chances with him! She calls to her power to throw out an energy burst at
him, however, Ron was able to get close enough to her to throw his
weapon at her like a althete with a disk! This turns out to be a pair
of  `bolas*' (a weapon with two or three harden balls, example, wood,
rubber or steel, attached to a rope at each end*)! The bolas come at her
with such speed she can't focus her energy blast on them! The bola's
begin to glow yellow a second before the rope in the middle part wraps
itself around Ryouko's waist tightly! Then in a massive display of a
ball of light and power all her energy is turned on her! Her whole
body's nervous system burns a hundred-fold, as this `weapon' basically
makes her own power of her gems turn on her! She and her `twin' scream
in pain from it! 
	The `twin' then fades away and the real Ryouko falls to the ground
knocking the air out of her! 
	Ron was just kneeing on the ground with one leg and turned his face
away to take cover from the weapon's work, when it was over and saw
Ryouko was down with the bolas still tied around her, he smiles , but
not a happy one! He did not want to do this to her, however, he is glad
that the weapon worked in the first place, and she did not have all
three gems on her at this time or it may not have worked at all! He
turns around to pick up his shot gun, puts it way then pulls out his
sword which gleamed in the moon light from its well polished metal! He
walked up to her carefully thinking of the wise old saying; "A harmed
animal is a very dangerous one!" As he used the end of the sword's
blade, he carefully lifted her head up to see her face!
	Ryouko was still awake after all that, however she was too much in pain
to even move! Her face showed this pain as well as fear she now had of
him by her tears!
	"Well." she struggles to talk. "Get it over with it you... monster!"
	"This is what you wanted." said Ron quietly with a coldness in his
voice. "I just complied my part of the task. I will not kill you like
this. Warrior to warrior on our levels. This is not honorable to any
one...it is rude!"
	"What?" she questioned
	" However, 125 years have I waited for this moment with you! To have my
sword at your neck!" explained Ron as he walked up down next to her!
"From the rigor of deep research, history and tales from old soldiers
who fought you in the name of justice and their worlds have I learned
about you! I still can't believe that over fifty years ago I was only
foot steps away from your tomb! Ron grunts for a second then goes on.
"The weapons you are wearing are made from the wood of dead trees that
did not survive your attack that day back on Jrai over 700 years ago!
Thanks to your gems! You see as your gems are one of a kind Ryouko and
they leave a type of radioactive decay unlike no other! Easy to find if
you know how to look for it! The trees `sap' absorbed that radioactivity
like a sponge to water! With a little bio-tech. work and `genotype'
magic they we were able to find away to make this radioactive stuff come
back to the `root of the problem'! Do you understand this? I said to you
earlier this repletion as a `living weapon' has giving you some powerful
enemies!"
	"That was when I was with Katao!" she looked at him with anger.
	"I know!" he replied. "That is why I hate doing this to you, it's not
your fault at what happen in your past, but your forcing me to act out
by defending myself!"
	Ron picks up his sword over his head to put it back into it's sheath!
	"This ends now!" he says. "There is a good reason why I'am called the
`Lone Wolf' at times!"
	Just then Sasami runs from out of the woods and sees both Ryouko and
Ron just as is holding the sword over his head, but she thinks he's
about to strike the `death blow' to Ryouko's head!
	"`No stop!'" she yells at him with a upset voice. "`Please don't do
it!'"
	Both Ron and Ryouko looked at the little girl with a surprised look to
there faces just as Sasami suddenly covers her mouth with both of her
hands with a greater expression  of surprise as it comes to her face!
For it was not for the words she just said to them, but the way she said
it! For the first time flawlessly spoke in a language she never spoke
before! She spoke in French!
	"What did you say?" asked Ryouko.
	"Merde." said Ron is a low tone. 
 
*************************************************************************
	 "Cut back to Kiyone's... dream!"
	Kiyone takes her eyes off of the father with the dead child, and looks
up at Ron. He is frozen like a statue! His eyes don't even blink! She
doesn't want to do it, however, she returns to the father who was still
upset at her, then she looked down on the little girl as her eyes fill
with anguish tears. She reaches out for the little girl's head as her
name comes to Kiyone's lips.
	"Hiwa." she said with a choke in her voice. "I'm sorry."
	Then the father pull's his daughter's body away from her in aggression!
	"No!" he growled at her with an anger to match! "She meant nothing to
you! She was just your toy! Why could you not care for her as much as
she cared for you?"
	"No!" cried out Kiyone. "I did care for her she was my best friend!"
	"Quit denying it!" he went on with an angry tone and holding up his
right arm and pointing a finger at her! "She was nothinggggggggggg!"
	As his last word was said his body and the girl's began to turn into a
grayish soft and wet matter then to decay away  into a ash-color dust
pile!
	Kiyone is beyond anything that can add up to the intensely of the
repugnance she is now feels as she screams at the sight before her, she
drops to her knees and putting her hands over her face!  
	"No!" she yells. "Please come back! "I'm sorry!"
	It is not over!
	As if someone turned him on like a robot Ron comes alive, still looking
away from her!
	"I said drop her!" he said.
	Kiyone looks up at with a conniption growing inside of her, she stands
up and yells at him!
	"Who the hell are you taking you?!!"
	Ron takes off his mask and simply pans his rifle until it pointed right
at Kiyone's head!
	"Sorry you loose at this one." he murmured with a strange flicker in
his left eye  as he pulls the trigger!
	"Wait...!" she cries out and screams as she sees and feels the gun's
fiery flash hit her in the eyes as well as the burning of her own flesh!
******************************************************************************	
	Kiyone is quickly awaken by her own screams, as she shoots up from her
fution, grabs the left upper portion of her chest as if she was feeling
a great pain there!  Her own screams have woken  everyone else in the
room!
	"What?" yells Ayeka as she wakes up from Kiyone's scream.
	Mishiosh rolls out of her fution and on to her face!
	"Ouch!"
	Ayeka walks over to Kiyone to comfort her.
***************************************************************************
	 At the same instance with Ryouko, Sasami and Ron.
	Ron's face lights up as he `feels' Kiyone being in somekind of trouble
thanks to his `link' with her!
	He puts away his sword with haste, puts out his combat knife and cuts
the rope to the bolas. 
	Ryouko was very confused at what he just did, however she is still too
weak to do anything.
	"Again I'm sorry about this." he said as picks up the two wooden balls
and puts them into a bag he pulled out of his pocket! "However, if I'm
going to die  soon at lease I know now I beat you once! and I just don't
plan to die yet!"
	Ron run by Sasami with out even looking at her, instead he yells back.
	"Look after her little one!"
	Sasami just looked at him funny for a few seconds because of the way
his is behaving right now, then turned around to see Ryouko, but she was
no where in sight!
*************************************************************************
	"At that same moment!"        
	"Your shirt is all damp!" says Ayeka. "That must have been some
nightmare!"
	"By the Graces of Gamma!" Kiyone cries out. "That was so real... so
real!"
	Then all of a sudden she was over come by the feel of nausea!  She puts
one hand over her stomach and the other one over her mouth!
	"Oh shit." she murmured. "I think I'm going to be sick!"
	Ron made his way up to the house with his handgun drawn, he can see the
light in the girls room was on, he also looks around for any kind of
trouble, but doesn't see or feel anything!
	"What is going here?" he says to himself.
	He comes through the front door and bolt's up the stairwell and is
about the reach the girl's room! Tenchi was coming down the other way in
the hall!
	Without saying a word Kiyone jumps up and makes a fast dash to the
bathroom down the hallway, she slides opens the door just Ron came to it
and without looking in front of her slams into his chest!
	"Are you alright?" he asked as he looks into the room.
	Kiyone looks up at him while trying in vain to `keep it down'!  Alas
no!
	She wants to say something to him about the dream she just had, but at
the same time is afraid of him especially now because he is wearing the
same type of gear in her dream! 
	She again quickly covers her month and coughs! Even though she kept in,
but some of the stomach's fluids came threw her hand and on to Ron's
right sleeve!
   	"Whoa!" says Ron as he jumps back from her as quickly finds out that
this why he got this `thought' ! 
	Kiyone does a quick turn-about and runs for the bathroom knocking down
Tenichi into the wall hard!
	"Hey"
	Ron looks at his new colourful sleeve, then looks into the girls room!
	"What happen your majesty?  
	"I think a bad dream, Captain!" replied Ayeka.
	"This is not the first time she had a bad dream like this." said
Mihoshi. "Last time this happen was back at the Academy only she didn't
get sick."
	"At the school?" questioned Ron.
	"Yeah, but she scream out a name...'Hiwa'... I think!" said Mihoshi
with a confused look.
	Ron turns to his attention to Tenchi walks over and helps him up.
	"Strong girl, eh?" asked Ron with a grin.
	"Yeah I'll say, damn." said Tenchi. "I thought Ryouko was rough."
	Ron's eyes pick up another voice. Washu!
	"Looks like a small case of `Gastroenteritis' or better known as a 
`stomach bug'!" she said.
	Ron walks up to the bathroom door looks in to see Washu holding back
Kiyone's hair as she continues to cough up her offering to the `porcine
alter'!
	With a big cough Kiyone got rid of the last of it .
	"Ugh! I don't remember eating that!" she said as she wipe her forehead.
	Ron doesn't have to make eye contact with Washu to know that she is
aware that he is standing by the door way! He is now thinking what to
say to her so that he doesn't have his atoms blasted away from each
other in a sick way! He is more afraid of her than of Ryouko! 
	"Speaking of bitch..I mean...which!" he thinks to himself. "Where is
she?     It shouldn't have taken her this long to heal! Hell, I'm slower
than her!"      
	 He finally comes to  the point that he will just have to wait and see
what happens next with Washu! Which could mean anything from a slap in
the face to  thermo-nuclear warfare and that is only if means to be nice
about the whole thing! 
	Ron looks at his sleeve again as the smell catches his heighten senses
and makes a rancid look to his face!
	"Oy!" he continued to think to himself.  "I better get out of this top
gear!"
	Then Princess Ayeka comes out of the room.
	"Excuse me you two." she said to Tenchi and Ron. "Have you to seen
Sasami?"
	Ron suddenly gets a voice in head at where she is now.
	"I do ma'am." spoke up Ron as he began to take off his weapon's straps
and top section of his tactile gear. " I will go retrieve her just let
me get a clean shirt on."
 	Ron went to put a white fisherman's wool sweater on because of the now
cooler than earlier air and for another good reason! He walked toward
the lake with top gear section in hand!
*****************************************************************************
	When Ron got to the lake he found Sasami sitting near the water's edge
with her head resting on her legs and her arms are crossed in front of
her! Behind her was Two-fifty was behind her keeping a look-out.
	"Good!" said Two-fifty to Ron internally. "You did received my signal!
She has been here for about five minutes!"
		"Nice job!" replied back to the truck internally. 
	Sasami heard Ron walking up to her with a face that showed she was
troubled at just happen to her!
	"Well!" said Ron in Jurain. "I don't recall you learning to speak
French!"
	"Is that what I said?" question Samami as she looked up at him. "I mean
in my head I could think of the words in my own tongue, but when they
came out..."
	She stops to notice of the white wool sweater he was wearing.
	"Last time I saw wearing that was back when I saw you and Num..Phipple 
on the planet `Haneral'! When my mother and step-mother were `envoys'
for the peace agreement of the war between that planet and the planet
`Rewn'.
	"Yes your majesty!" said Ron in a proud tone. "Do remember that day
well!"
	"Of course you do silly!" she said back to him in her happy giggly
voice.  "Even through we had our own personal guards there, my mother
requested that some the members of Team Fifteen came along to help! You
and Phillplie were guarding the air-shuttles that night were being used
to move officials back and forth to the meetings!"
	"I won't ever forget that night no matter how long I live!" said Ron as
he Samami sat down on the ground and they looked out on to the water's
ripples! "It was a cool night at the castle we were all staying in that
sat by the sea, and a big thunder storm was coming over the water! Sense
we knew the area was closed from any unwanted eyes or sencers! Phillipe
and I deiced to continue a little game he and I started a few years
back. Fencing with a pair of Egle' swords!" The year on Earth at this
time was 1940, World War Two was well underway!" 
************************************************************************
	As the storm began to make it's approach to the land, already flashes
of lighting can be seen as they fill the castle with it's light!
	Samami was already put to bed about an hour ago and couldn't fall
asleep because of the storm. She is not used to seeing weather back on
Jura like this and it was scaring her. In a huge flash of lighting and
thunder she covers herself up with her blankets!
	"I don't like this!" she says to herself and closes her eyes tightly.
"I want to be some place safe!"
	The next thing she hears in not sound of thunder, but metal to metal in
short strikes! She has heard this sound before in the court yards back
on her own world! It was the sound of swords clashing each other! She
opens her eyes to see she is no longer in her bedroom! She was inside a
hollow steel tunnel! On her hands and knees, she crawled down the narrow
tunnel which was just big enough for her to move in. When she got to the
end, she quickly discovers that she is in an air in-take system for one
of the air-shuttles, which vent on the shuttle  is about one-story up!
She looks around trying to figure out how she got there, when she hears
the sound of sword fighting starting up again! She looks down to see
Number Four (Phillipe) and Number Five (Ron) sword fighting right in
front of the ship she is in! They were wearing there tactical gear, but
without masks on and they had body-shields on as well! To protect each
other from accidental cuts!
	 She can tell that the style of fighting they were doing was to
challenge each other's skills in friendly compunction, however she
couldn't understand what the two men were saying to each other as their
swords clashed!
	< "Qu' est-ce que vous pensez de la guerre? said Phillipe. " Les Forces
Alli'es?">
	(So, what do you think of this war? The Alliance forces?")
	<"Je les supportes!">  replied Ron.	
	("I'm cheering for us!")
	Phillipe stops for a second and points his sword up toward the ceiling.
	<" Vive la France!"> he cries out. <"Liberte'">
	(Victory for France!) (Liberty!)
	Suddenly without warning Sasami lets out a loud sneeze which echoed in
the air-shaft! Both Ron and Phillipe stop fighting and looked up!
	<"Merde!"> mummed Phillipe.
	(Shit!) 
	The two men dropped there swords to the ground! Put there masks back on
as Phillipe made a huge jump and landed right on to of the air-shaft
where Sasami was hiding in! Ron pulled out his laser gun to cover
Phillipe! Samami was scared and wanted to hide back down the shaft, but
her night-gown got caught on a bolt!
	"Hold it!" yells Phillipe as quickly swings his upper part of his body
into the shaft's entrance and points his gun at Samami! 
	Samami let's out a yell which surprised Phillipe! He was not expecting
to find the youngest princess here!
	Phillipe swings back out and looks down at Ron with a shocked look to
his face!
	<" La petite princesse?!">
	(The little princess?!)
	<"Qui?"> asked Ron.
	(Who?)
	<"L'une avec les yeux de couleur rose!">
	("The one with the rose colour eyes!")
	"Merde!" said Ron with the same shocked look as he joined Phillipe to
help Samami down!
	Soon after.
	"You say you have no idea how you got here?" asked Phillipe to Samami.
	"No sir." said as she ate part of a ham sandwich that he gave her.
	"Well I'm confused!" said Ron. "This place is locked up tight!"
	"No matter!" said Phillipe. "I sure this is not a trick of any kind,
they would never allow this to happen to her! She's too important!"
	"Speaking of which!" said Ron. "We better inform somebody or this could
look real bad if they find her with us and we can't explain!"
	"By the way." she said as she took another bite of her sandwich. "I saw
your faces! Why do you always wear those black masks?"
	Ron and Phillipe look at each other! Now they have a problem!
	"Your majesty!" said Phillipe as he kneed before her! " I know I have
no right to say this, but I must ask you never to tell anyone and I mean
anyone you saw our faces!"
	"Will you be punished if I did?" she asked.
	"<Oui>...I mean Yes!"
	"Okay!" she said with a happy look in her eyes. "I won't!"
	Both Ron and Phillipe let out a big sigh of relief and exchange
glances.
	"By the way!" said Sasami as she touched Phillipe nose with her finger.
"Your cute!"
	Ron let's out a small laugh as he walks over to the video-com on the
wall!
	Phillipe takes Sasami's hand and brings her over to it!
	"Let me Ron!" he said as he calls up the command center for the royal
guards. "Oh are they going to hate us for this!"
	As the Captain of the guard comes on the other end he can see only
Phillipe head!
	"What do you what Number Four?" he answered in a snobbish tone. "We are
busy!"
	"<Bon soir!"> he said. "Estque vous manquesz quelqu'un?"
	("Good Evening! Are you missing something?")
	"Speak in Jaurain ,human!" growled the Captain. "That is an order!"
	"Humph" said Phillipe in a scuff.  He then reached down to pick up
Samami, but first to said something into the little girl's ear! He then
held her up to the camera which filled the Captain's video screen and
with a smile on her face she said, <"Bon jour!">
	"WHAT??!" cried out the Captain. "How?"
*****************************************************************************
	Both Ron and Samami were laughing so hard that Ayeka heard it as she
stood by the front door!
	"I wonder what they are doing?" she said.
	"It's good thing my mother showed up before the Captain did or that
night would not have had such a good ending for you two!" said Samami.
"She would listen to me more than the Captain ever would!"
	"Yes, and again thank you for keeping your word!" said Ron. "I'm glad
the speech we gave you the next day helped you understand why `keeping'
so important!"
	She took a small bow.
	"It was my honor!"
	"The only thing that Phillipe and I suffered that night was your
mother's HUG we got from finding you!" Ron thinks to himself. "It was
that night we fully understood the meaning of, "Beware of blue frosted
hair woman for she has `Killer Bear Hug'!"
	"Come on lets go back inside!" says Samami as she gets up!
	"All right!" replied Ron back as he got up he glance down at the water
surface, then his smile is replaced with a face of puzzlement! He
quickly looked Samami again then back at the waters surface again with
even more puzzlement this time!
	"Is something the matter?" she asked with a very small hint of
nervousness in her voice.
	"Ahhh, no, no!" he said as a light sweat came over him. "Let's go!"
	As the two walk back to the house Ron turned around quickly one last
time at the water to see something in! Something he couldn't finger out
at all! 
*************************************************************************
	After Samami went with Ayeka to go back to bed, Ron knew his long night
of light purgatory was not over yet! He knew he had to face Washu very
soon! So he just sat down on the porch in front of the house, and did
something he has not done in quite a long time. He lit up a light cigar!
	"I'm telling you the truth!" said Kiyone. "He was there! It was him! I
could even feel...pain somehow!"
	Washu looked over Kiyone again and checked her body temperature!
	"Well the human mind in a great puzzle even to me sometimes the way to
works. Perhaps he may know something about you and your friend from
childhood!"
	"Not likely." replied Kiyone. "I don't think he knew my friend because
he would have to had been...about sixteen or something when she was
murder and  As far as I know I have never met him in my life before the
Academy! I can tell he is not from my world."
	"He was a lot older than that back when." she said to herself quietly.
	"What was that?" asked Kiyone.
	"I said that you have lost some electrolytes from your vomiting, so
here!" she hands her a glass of water. " Replace them by sipping, and
when your ready, go to sleep."
	Washu leaves the bathroom by via-transport hole!
	"Where are you going?" asked Kiyone. 
	"I have to fix something before turning in myself!"
	As she goes through the `hole' the other side opens up right in front
of Ron who is not surprised at this!
	"Nice entrance!" he said as he took a short drag on his cigar. "Look
before you kill me hear me out.."
	"I'm not going to kill you, you big dope!"  she jumped in with
discreet. "I must say I was wondering when one of you "prototypes" were
going to show up looking for me or my daughter!"
	She then laughs in-front of him which makes him grimace at her
	"Funny! Right! I'm dying here!" he grumbled through the cigar.
	"Yes I know!" she quickly stop and got serious again. "I know you saw
me puck that hair I got from your truck's seat for a DNA sample, and you
didn't stop me at all! So I knew you wanted me to find out that you and
other members of Team Fifteen were part of an experiment that I made up
as a alter to making as prototypes toward Ryoko's final form! Of course
I never used this model to begin with because I found that the MASS that
I bonded with Ryouko's genes worked better! I could put more into her!
You like the others were naturally conceived and only later as your
cells concentrated in numbers did they add the techno-virus to your DNA
and then shortly the CPU microchip to your brain for control! Your
plan's I filed for something else later, of course never happen because
Kagato got me and your plan's got sold to the highest bidder years down
the road thanks to the University for needed funds! A few centuries
later here you are standing front of me , all flesh, blood and more! The
only thing that ticks me off is that I didn't get one red cent out of
this!"
	"There is a lot more to this you know!" said Ron. "You knew about us?"
	"Yes of course I did!" she said with being eccentric about it. "I'am
the `greatest scientific genius in the universe'!"
	"Yeah, I hear that before!" he said with a smirk.
	"`Ryouko Hunters!'" she quoted as she ran her hands through her hair.
"Hot Stuff! Well if you want to hunt down an animal send in the same
breed!"
	"Aren't you just a little  mad at me for striking down your
off-spring?" asked Ron with fear in his eyes.
	"Well yes!" she finally said. "However, I knew you wouldn't kill her
like that! Maybe one-hundred thirty years ago you have killed her with a
hellish fury like you and the others were suppose to do in the first
place, but over the years you wanted to just capture her and bring her
in for her crimes just like the others did to that Galaxy Federal Law
Enforcement Agency that you all worked for. All of you fought hard to
keep your humanity selves intact even through they tried to take it way
from you in your first few years of duty! Ryouko can learn alot from
you!"
	"Where is she?" asked Ron looking around.
	"I have her down." she said. "To make her think at what she did! Don't
worry she won't attack you again if you don't start! You were just
testing her to your `theory' of yours to see if she is human, by
spraying that Mace in her eyes to see if she felt pain! Well?"
	"I'm impressed for now!" said Ron.
	"Amazing." she said as she looked over Ron carefully. "I think they did
a good job on you!"  An Earthman of the `old world' with your
abilities!"
	"You were watching me all this time weren't you?" said Ron.
	"Yes!" she replied. "I even saw what happen between you and Kiyone! I
even know about the `bond' you two share!"
	Ron jumps up and looks down on the little woman with anger in his face!
	"Ah so it is true!" she said with a grin. "Well I won't go onto detail,
but I do think you should tell her now! Your torturing that child!"
	"No!" said Ron with a sharp voice. "Not yet! I have to go through the
correct procures to do this. I just need another 48 hours to pull this
off right!"
	"I see!" said Washu. "Her people are very strict about this, so I can
see your point! Why are you smoking that thing? Your file never said
that you smoke."
	"There is alot about me that is not told in ANY file!" said Ron as he
took another puff! "You should not put yourself in such faith in just
stuff you find on the agency's internet systems! Anyway it is rare I
smoke at all, just only when I need a minute to think about things!"
	"I did find some things I know that are true, for example, your
abilities in stealth, alertness, stamina, strength and survival are way
above any human from this world and that is just top of your DNA
mountain! The techno-virus that `bonded' to you makes to very hard to
have anybody on his world find out who or what you are! Even if you gave
blood to another human being all they would get is `A' positive blood! I
believe Kiyone is the same type I believe! How wonderful!"
	"I do have something I have that you might what to know about!" said
Ron as he got up and walked up to her. "I will give you some information
that could help you with something if you don't tell anybody especially
Kiyone about me! I've waited to long for this time!"
	"This better be good!" she said.
	"I hope so too!" he replied as he called Two-fifty over by using the
CPU chip in his brain. As soon as the truck pulled up, Ron opened
another safe box under the passenger's front seat! He open up a business
size envelope which was made of black leather! Inside was a couple of
8"x10" photos and a computer disk that was made of alien technology! He
held on to the disk and gave her the photos!
	Washu examines the prints closely and a look of disbelief comes to her
as she gasps out loud! In the photo's she sees some of the members of
Team Fifteen stand together for a group shot in there heavy battle gear
including Ron (Number Five) who was in the middle of the group and a
three star admiral who was the C.O. at the time! But, what really
shocked her the most  was a tall young man dressed in a royal uniform
with a face of pride, deep blue eyes and sliver hair standing next to
Ron! Her son!
	"How?" she said as she looked at him with puzzlement!
	Ron looked back at her with a smile!
	"Your son fought side by side with us on a `black ops' mission which
I'am not allowed to say except it was to save his kingdom from great
loss! This was about...103 years ago. He was only, but a few who knew
the truth about Team Fifteen! Before we left he asked us one great
favor; If we ever were able to find Kagato and free you is to give you
this `message'! Also if you wished, take you to a secret  place that
only we knew about so that mother and son could reunite again! I would
like to keep that  favor still if you wish!"
	All this time Washu was walking away from Ron looking at the photos,
and for a second he turned his back to look up at the sky toward
Polaris! When he did about-face to look at her again he for the third
time to night got a surprise he did not expect ! He no longer had a
"Little Washu" before him, but a "BIG Washu" (her true form).
	"`Faith and Begorra'." he said quickly and softy. He was completely
taken  off guard at the way she stood before him! Even through he has
seen old photos of her from the files back at H.Q., but seeing her in
the flesh like this gave him a more majestic feel about her!
	They both walk up to each other until they a few feet apart. Even
though taller now she was a little shorter than he was.
	"Why do you hide yourself in that form of a child?" he said trying to
be sentimentalize with her. " I wonder how I'm suppose to explain this
to your son!"
	Then Ron looks over her closely with his eyes.
	"Ah wonder what `Sigmund Freud' would think of you if he had the
chance!" he thought to himself, but with affection.
	"You don't have to say anything to my son." she finally said. Ron could
easily see that hit a nerve with Washu on this. He did not expect no
less. "Let me see the those `balls' of yours!"
	"Excuse me?!" said Ron with a rasied eyebrow. 
	"No I mean the wooden balls from your bolas! That tazser!" she said
with a angry tone. I think my daughter had some sort of experience with
Tenchi on this `balls' thing once!"
	"Doctor Washu I can't!" demanded Ron. "These were given to me by the
Jarain's counterintelligence to help get your daughter! They gave me
their trust! I will not...."
	"Alright then." she jumped with a happy voice. "Let me have the disk!"
	Ron gave her the disk that came with the photo's of her son! She soon
discovered that this disk was a `Lock `n' Key Disk'! It needed two parts
be used correctly at all!
	"Hey what is the idea?" she protested holding up the disk to him. "What
about the other `Key'?"
	"I don't have it here!" said Ron with a smooth smile. "The potential of
you doing something to me was high! I needed some insurance! Please I
don't be angry with me! You know I would have pulled something like this
if you knew the real me, not just was on the files!" I will give you the
other `Key' as long as you don't tell Kiyone about the `bond' we share!"
	Washu laughed with pleasure!
	"Oh are you the smart one alright!" she said as she looked at
Two-fifty. "Things are not what they seem when you are around! Take that
`shotgun' on your back for example, It looks like a Earth gun on the
outside, but inside it has the machinery for a powerful `Rail Gun'!
Perfect!"
	"Not really!" explained Ron as he pulled the shotgun out. "I still have
trouble controlling the `plasma stream' that follows the `bullet' after
the round leaves the gun's barrel! However, it does have a hell of a
impact on a M-1 tank!"
	"Yes you are a heck of a' weapons engineer' just like your file said!"
she said.  "You are a big biological wonder to your people of this world
and a small wonder to me! Just one thing though."
	"Yes?" said Ron as he looked at her with a questionable face.
	Washu slams Ron hard with a quick, yet powerful upper right cut to the
jaw making him fly through the like a missile, next to skipping across
the lake like a flat stone on the surface of water then finally slams
hard up against a large tree on the other side of the lake!
	"DON'T YOU DO THAT TO MY DAUGHTER AGAIN!!!!!" she yells across the lake
to him. "But thank you for the photos! Good night!"
	She then walks back to the house.
	Ron leans his back again the tree rubbing his jaw and yet a smile comes
to his face.
	"Damn!" he says. "What a woman! Your welcome!"    
	He must have lean too hard against the tree because with a loud crack
the big tree came right down on top of him! Very hard!
	"Skit!" he says in his muffled, yet his Irish voice under the tree.
"Just ma luck! This tree is a `Hard Wood'!"
	As Washu opens the door to her lab under the stair-well she stops
opening the door when she heard a sound behind it! She closes it to see
Ron standing there behind it when a smile that told her he was under a
great deal of satisfaction!
	"You are the quick one as well!" she said. 
	"Only in short bursts!" he said. "You remind me of Number Six a little,
other than your green eyes and red hair!"
	"Sarah McPherson?" she questioned. "Flattery will get you no where with
me!" 
	"I wanted ask you a question before you belted me." said Ron. "When I
looked into the water's reflection with Samami earlier this evening
I...saw what I believed was a full grown woman who would look like
Sasami if older and she smiled back at me! Were you playing a trick of
somekind?"
	"Oh that?" she exclaimed back. "Let ME tell you a little story!"
	Washu explained the whole thing about the `bond' that Samami and
Tussami shared in one body! Ron just stood the whole time with a
dumbfound look to his face! At the end he just walked out to he front
without saying a word, except for a small chuckle in his throat.
	"That's good. he says even though he is a state of disbelief at what he
has just heard. "I'm sure she made that one up to piss me off.
	He picks up his rail gun and cigar he dropped because of Washu's punch,
then he sees a Chinese Fortune Cookie that Samami give to him after
diner next to the rail gun. He picks it up and beings to break it open
to read the message inside just to humor himself. At the same time he
pulls out his `Zippo' lighter to relight his cigar and then read the
message.
	"She just made that up!" he said as he was about to light the cigar his
eyes caught the bold  English letters on the paper. He brought it up to
the light. No fortune, no numbers just the message; "YE WHAT TO BET ON
THAT?!"  "Tsunami" !
	 After reading, Ron then takes a VERY long drag on the cigar until the
hot ash was almost to the butt-end then exhales in a long stream of blue
smoke! 
	"Talk about things that are not what they seem, Blarney! "`When the
Child and Goddess become....!'"
	He just walks up to the lake to see the first rays of sunlight over the
mountain.
	"Ah boy, what a night!"
	A few hours later as the sun continued it's climb in the sky, Kiyone
was woken up by it's warm light and something else. A sweet smell filled
her nose. As she opened her eyes she saw a bright red rose on her pillow
almost right against her nose.
	"Now who knew this was my favored kind of flower on this world?" she
thought to herself.
****************************************************************************
	The next day was quiet and that is some else at this household! It was
mid-afternoon as Ron was trying to be useful again by moving the huge
blouder that Ryouko was nice enough to drop on him a few days ago!
Prince Yoshi came over to Ron to talk to him. 
	"Afternoon sir!" said Ron as he grunted form pushing the rock down the
road. "I feel like Sissyphus today!"
	"I read your note you left on my door! said Yoshi. "So you wish to do
like the way your people told stories around the fireside!"
	"`Cois-tine'!" said Ron as he gave the rock a great push which is
finally out of the way. "It's called `cois-tine' in meaning `fireside'!"
	"Very well." he said. "This should be good to see."
	Yoshi begins to walk away then he suddenly turns back to Ron.
	By the way. Did you let Mishoshi take Two-fifty with Samami to go
shopping in the city?"
	Ron got a knot in his gut.
	"Yes." said Ron . He knew far to well that the way Mishoshi flies a
ship that giving her Two-fifty is like giving a madman a nuclear weapon
with the destruction codes, but he was confident at what he was going to
say next.
	"Not to worry sir!" he said. "I told Mishoshi was to put her hands on
the wheel and pretend that she was driving because Two-fifty would do
all the driving for them!"
	"I see." said Yoshi with a funny look in his face. "Well the reason I
asked was that I just heard on the radio that a truck that fit the
appearance of Two-fifty just `jumped' over the Seto bridge from one end
to the other perfectly! Now you know that bridge has been closed due to
repairs right?"
	That knot feeling just got a whole lot tighter in Ron's gut and it
wasn't due to alien gut bacteria ether!
	"Really?" he said with a higher than normal voice.  "I will have to
have a little talk with Two-fifty when she gets back!"
	"Very well." said Yoshi as he continued to walk away.
	"And I will also remove those solid rocket boosters from her aft
underside bumper!" he said to himself with anger! 
***************************************************************************
 	That evening after Ron made Two-fifty asked forgiveness to her `hyper'
fit over Mishiosh, he  went back to his duties of protecting the
household.
	Yosho called everyone except Ron to come into the living room. He was
holding the hologram projector in his hands.
	"As you know Ron is very different than the normal space police
officer. His methods have been called `unorthodox' even by the other
members of `Unit Three' which is of course a `Law Enforcement Agency'
within the Galaxy Police itself ,however I think it's best  that I have
somebody else explain him better that even he or I can!"
	Yoshi places the projector on the table and turns it on! In a few
seconds the Queen herself `Lady Funado' appears before everyone standing
up. At first her eyes are closed, but they soon open and a smile comes
to her.
	"Greetings to all!" she says as she takes a bow. "I'm sorry I can't do
this in person, but my duties towards  being Queen makes it difficult to
leave. Right now some of you are a little confused about Captain Ronan
Masterson. I had to put this meeting together with the help of the High
Marshal of the Galaxy Police and the members of `Unit Three' or
sometimes called `F.G.S.O.G.' which means Federal Galaxy Police's
Special Operations Groups!  This agency in it's principal functions
where to aid the Galaxy Police and the Empire in investigation,
prevention, detection and the apprehension of offenders of the laws.
They also run a tight band of units to take care of any terrorists that
gave a great threat to anyone that was under our protection. One of
these units were called the infamous Team Fifteen! As some know,
especially you First Class Kiyone and Mishoshi that the Team played a
important function in your training as well as gave support in  the
theater of combat for the police when...strange or different types of
fighting was called for! This team was almost perfect in many ways of
this.
	However, I must clear up some things about the Team! To understand them
better you have to `really' know them.
	Take Ron for example, he may look like a man in his late twenties with
a body that has seen some rough battles, yet well done in the education
of the mind with a cocky personally at times, however in truth Ron was
born on this planet about 281 years go in Waterford, Ireland!"
	"What?" cried Tenchi. "How is this guy this old?"
	Lady Funado turns to Tench!
	"Because of us, the Juarians!" she said in a compassionate voice.
"There were very powerful people in the Holy Council who stilled feared
that one day Kagato would return with Ryouko and they wanted to make
alternative groups of warriors to aid the Empire if that day came
	"I take it this where my plans for the `prototypes' toward Ryouko came
in?" asked Washu.
	Lady Funado just nodded then went on.
 	"However, to make this band of super soldiers prototypes were needed.
They knew that Emperor's hand would never allowed such experiments on
his people, and no other planets under our protection would give away to
something that could kill their soldiers or drive them mad! It was just
too risky and it saddens me to also think of it this way; too political
too some. Then someone made a plan make these hybrid soldiers of genetic
engineering from a planet that was known as a world of colonization
called Earth!"
	"My God." said Kiyone softy as she was captivated at what she was
hearing.
	"They first chose the part of the world that is known as the European
contentent! Countries such as Spain, Scotland, Malta, Greece and Italy
are just a few that some of the members came from! Ron as I said is from
Ireland by birth!" They were able to get to the parents of every member
of this team while they slept at night and having them all conceive
under hypnosis to have the offspring come at the right time. It worked
well, off of the babies were born right after the other, strong and very
healthy. They were born in the month of August starting on day One until
the Fifteenth!"
	"So I take it Ron was born of the fifth?" asked Kiyone.
	"Yes, the children grew up in their native lands until they reached
audit hood! This was for several reasons, one they could be watched in
secret from the rest of the known Universe, to see them slowly gain
their powers, however  dampers were used to make sure they don't `awake'
fully in front of their own people or if they go through a `meltdown'
who would really know about the project?" 
	"So what happen next?" asked Ryouko.
	"The people in charged of this project came for them all one night and
took them away from the only life they really knew!" Some of them were
already married to others in there lands!"
	"Did they have any offspring of there own?" asked Washu. "Their files
never said!"
	"The `techo -virus' that was planted in them... `protected' them from
having any children at all!"
	"Yep." said Washu. "That was part of the programming."
	" If ask Ron anything on this he will have trouble recalling the first
75 years of his `new' life because they were in way under hypnosis while
they when through `training' to prepare to get Ryouko! That day was to
have come only in a matter of time!"
	"What do you mean?" asked Ryouko.
	"One day someone who pretended to be you appeared in Alpha Centaur
system." Lady Funado continued. "The new team was sent in to take her
down with predigest!" The team was able to infiltrated the ship of the
would-be pirate, killed most of her crew in such a matter that our
people of Juai world would call horrible and barbaric beyond words. This
was enforced by the act of Number Six, she had a extra natural gift, her
E.S.P.! She took on the Ryouko in a great sword fight and in a quick
flick sliced off her right hand! This did not regenerate as the way
yours does! Number Six was so angry at this farce she was able to leash
out at the pirate with her mind power so strong that it tore the woman
in so many pieces that it was hard to get a DNA sample! This sudden
power also somehow freed the other members from their sleep. They woke
up to a world in which no one knew each other and they had no idea at
who they were now, only there memories of there past lives were there!"
	"It was never suppose to happen like this to the prototypes that I had
in mind!" said Washu to herself. "Never!"
	"Now the people in charge had a big problem in their hands!"  the Queen
went on.  " They did not plan to let the team live after they killed the
woman pirate! They plan to destroy them by activation of a poison that
was storied in there C.P.U. inside there brains. But something went
wrong! The word got out about the team from the pirates that escaped the
ship and it spread quickly in  all of the open space communications. So
the team's makers  left them on board the ship until they could get
someone to reach the ship and `take it down'! However, word got to the
Galaxy Police and to the ears of the Empire of this and ships from both
parties stormed the pirate's vessel! I too came along on this, what we
found were fifteen very frighten humans! We were able to keep them
undercontrol until we knew what happen here. After a full investigation
the Emperor was angry to find out that this happen behind his back and
that people from his first wife's world were used. The Galaxy Police
wanted to charged `Criminal biology' against the people responsible,
however the Emperor did that himself!"
	"This is too wild!" said Ayeka. "I wasn't told!"
	"Now." said Lady Funaho. "What do we do with these fifteen lives? We
couldn't send them back to Earth that was out of the question and if the
word ever went out at how these people where made into this, it would
add trouble to the fragile treaties we had. So, we began the task of
reteaching them so they could have some what of an idea how things work
now. `Unit Three' offered to take them under there command to do this
task.  So in a few years off heavy teaching and retraining, `Team
Fifteen Alpha and Omega were born!'  From that first mission they were
dispatched to there last they were always ready to act in the name of
peace, law enforcement, justice and their strongest value to us search
and rescue operations! The price they paided was they were never allowed
to show there real identification while they were in uniform! I should
add that they never stopping learning. For example, Ron is almost an
expert in culture study on this world and many others. He is but, only a
few who also have the right to be called a person who studies the
anthropology of war on planets, he has been in three wars on Earth!  
The Spanish-American war in Cuba, World War Two and his last one was
Desert Storm!"
	"Anybody else?" asked Tenchi. 
	" I was Number Six's teacher in Japanese culture!" said the Queen. "She
was living in Kobe on and off over the last ten years."
	"So Ron is the last one of this Team ?" said Tenchi
	"The accidental firing on a Juarain planetary defense gun that shot
down the shuttle `Akra' which caused it to burn up in the atmosphere is
still under investigation.  Ron was able to escape I still don't know
how Ron is holding back on this great loss to his life! I think the
C.P.U. has something to do with that."
	"Excuse me ma'am?" said Mishoshi. "But was Ron ever a policeman on
Earth?"
	"How did you? asked the Queen, but then remembering who Mishoshi is. 
"Yes! He was a policeman in Buffalo, New York in the early part of the
twenty  century. If fact in 1901, he stood guard at the inaugratation of
his former leader of the `Rough Riders' back in Cuba, his name was
President Theodore Roosevelt.  
	"That was him in that black and white photo with Ron!" said Mishiosh
	"Roosevelt remembered Ron on that day from the mission, and a short
time later Roosevelt wanted Ron to join his `new' police force at
protecting the president from harm. Today, it is called the `Secret
Service'! However, at that time Princess Ayeka order Ron to return to
the Team because she needed them for something!"
	Everyone turns to Ayeka.
	"What?" she protested. "I needed an armed escort other than my own, I
didn't know what he was doing at the time!"
	"I don't think Ron has fully forgiven you on this matter because this
was something he wanted to do to pay back to the land that took him in
with no questions asked!" said the Queen. " Also because he had to fake
his own death!"
	"I can't tell you anymore for now!" said the Queen. She said her good
byes then turns Yosho. "Please tell Ron not to worry about what happen
between you two over fifty years ago because I know he was just
following your orders!"
	Yosho looks up to his mother with shock!
	"You always knew?" he said. "Tsunami!"
	"She told me what happen only hours after Ron gave his report to me
about him in Japan after the end World Two!" she said. "I know he was
doing his duty that we taught him. Good-bye!"
	As the image of Lady Funaho faded away, Ayeka stood up!
	"He knew that you were here???" she raised her voice at Yosho.
"Captain! Get in here now!"

**************************************************************************
	"Yes, I was here in Japan back in 1945." said Ron to a very angry
Princess Ayeka. "But how did Lady Funado know this about Yosho and I? 
Never told anyone, not even Team Fifteen!"
	"Tusnami did!" said Tenchi
	"I see." said Ron with a blunt tone.  "I knew this soon would be
inevitable."
	"Well... I can't give the exact whole thing at why I was here on this
world I'm been sworn to secrecy  on that expect, I can say what happen
that lead up to the time he and I found out because I did not include
this part to my report!"
	"When World War Two broke out many of team members were allowed to go
home and fight for there birth country, sense we were not allowed to
live there anymore due to the `new' life we were living! All went home
to European sections except me, Hans, and his twin sister Sillva, better
know as Number Seven and Eight!"
	"Why did you people not go?" asked Ayeka. "Hans and Sillva were from
Germany and they did not like at what their country of birth was doing
in this war. That to me was clearly understandable. I other hand was on
a `black ops' as the `Lone Wolf' and that's all I can say about that!"
	"Go on!" Ayeka demanded.  "I know there is more."
	"As the war dragged on and we could see Germany's `machine' was
breaking down I thought that I was not in need. That quickly changed on
a day in early December 1942. I'm sure your majesty that your
half-mother told you about Pearl Harbor here on Earth?"
	"Umm." she staggered.
	"Well I learned about it from one of your `royal spies' or excuse me
better know as; `International Monitors' your Empire had placed within
United States and the world!" I was outraged at what had happen, not
because I was a American now, shit, I was in anger because I found out
how many sailors died that day! Did the Queen bother to tell you I was a
sailor back in Ireland growing up and before they took me away! How
would you like to die one way by having your ship become your steel
underwater tomb as you ran out of air? It doesn't matter where your are
from or who on this world, a sailor is sailor and we all share a common
bond! Even in space did I find this to be true!"
	Ayeka nor did anybody else stop Ron which they could tell he was not
happy that Ayeka opened this old wound. 
	"Keep going Ron." said Yosho calmly. "She may not act like it, but I
can tell you she wants to hear to all!"
	Ron clamed down a little because now he had a higher person in the
chain of command allowing him to do this!	
	"After waiting a little longer I was allowed to return to Earth!
continued Ron. "First thing I did was to sign up as under Naval Reserve,
next I was in Great Lakes, Illinois! Boot camp! Piece of cake, if fact
they ask me to sign up for a special secret program they had down in
Florida at Fort Perice! This program was called, `Amphibious Force-US
Naval Combat Demolition's Units' better known as the `Frogmen', soon to
be named what it is today SEALS!"
	"The SEALS?" cried Tenchi.
	"Our symbol is red in background with an anchor, eagle, and Tommy gun!
I wore that with pride back then, and still do for the men I served
with! As I trained along with others we were been told of a operation
that is suppose to happen where we were to go to Japan along with many
others to invade the country and wipe out a great deal to stop the
Empire in it's tracks unlike no other invasion before, more than D-Day
itself! It had many names to it, to us it was called `Operation Sword'
and many lives would be lost on both sides! However, that day never
came!"
	Ron stop to look at Tenchi for a second because he was not comfortable 
at what he had to say next!
	 "On August sixth, 1945, in the A.M. that all changed the course of
things forever in the `art of war'! They dropped the `bomb' on
Hiroshima! I was still under going my training back in Florida we first
heard about what happen over here. I was in the galley eating lunch when
the C.O. came to tell us what happen. At first just like the rest of
them I was under the impression that we bombed a city like before! The
`royal spies' knew about how close the U.S. was to the `A-Bomb', but
failed to tell me so! It would be about two weeks before I would see a
news film about the true meaning of `The Bomb'! I was filled with
victory, relief, however, deep down I was a little shocked at what we
did! At first I did not know how unify them! `War is war'! Princess you
said something like that to me once back when I was Five! This was a
whole new ballgame!"
	Ron walked over to a chair and sat down.
	"The U.S. military found out that I could understand and speak basic
Japanese one night as we listened to the Emperor of Japan himself give
the  speech of surrender that was on August fifteenth. As we listened to
his words on a German wire recorder that the U.S. Army Intelligence
somehow got a hold of, I could understand every word that he was saying,
it was until that a young Captain from the Army Intelligence was
translating the words of a dispassion and nervous Emperor, into English
say a few words wrong and after it was done I told him what words he did
not say correctly. After a double check, I was found to be right, and
they also found my papers saying about my `gift' of languages! They
knew, but somehow forgot to look up in my records. Typical in any
military, Earth or not! I made up a false story about the way I learned
the language from a old man from my town where I grew up! I just
couldn't tell them that it was a C.P.U. in my brain now could I? So a
week later I was on a Naval ship heading for Tokyo Bay as part of the
`Occupation Forces Policy'! 	
	"I remember that morning on September second, the Destroyer-class ship
made it's way into the bay I saw the `Mighty Mo' for the first time and
she reminded me of my own ship `2112'!"
	"`Mighty Mo'?" asked Kiyone.
	"U.S.S. Missouri." replied Ron. "Number 63, a U.S. battle-ship. She
just gave me the same feeling `2112' gave when she was in low orbit on
planets that gave a threat to the Alliance. A ship that just said; `We
mean business!'"
	"What is `2112' anyway?" asked Tenchi. "A space-ship?"
	"`2112' is a Super-Class Space-Battle-Ship!" said Kiyone. "It was old
from today's ship standards , but it was very tough!  As a `F.G.P.' ship
it operated as a offensive and defensive vessel in a multi-threat space
environment with other battle groups if needed!"
	"Anyway that afternoon I joined my unit which was made up of  U.S.
Rangers, I was the only Naval `Frog-man' there! Our mission was to;
"`Disarmed and Demilitarized the war machine of Japan so it would no
longer me a menace to the peace or security of the world'!"
	"As the weeks past we had to go through the... camps, make sure they
were `clean'!"
	Ron stopped for a minute as the knot returned.
	"Next to finding Prince Yosho, I think the other thing that stuck in my
head on this mission was the day I was driving with a convoy through the
city of Hiroshima! Nearly the whole city was flatten and the air was
filled with the smells of things that where burned, the heavy smell of
the ionization from the bomb and worse. As I drove on in my jeep through
I watched the survivors walk in the roads even weeks after the blast
some were still in shock! I was not surprised at this."
	"I have been to many worlds that have been destroyed far worse than
anything that happened here, but because it did happen here on Earth, 
and as a man from this world it just seem hit me unlike before!"
	 "I see!" said Ayeka trying to sound understandable, but moot, she
pressed on. "So when did you find my brother?"
	"I was getting to that ma'am. Sorry, I did not mean to go on a
tangent!" said Ron. "A few days later we set up camp just right outside
the walls of this place!"
	Ron pointed out the window that faced the field outside the front gate!
	"You were out there?" cried Tenchi.
	"All three-hundred of them!" said Yosho. 
	"You never told me!" said Tenchi to his grandfather.
	"I did once when you were young, you must have forgotten!"
	"We stop there for a few days to do a check this area out!" continued
Ron. " I having a hard time when I got here!"
	"Why?" asked Washu. "Wait your C.P.U. chip!"
	"Right!" exclaimed Ron. "You see my chip has a function in it to tell
me if anything or anyone from the `House of Jura' is near by! As well as
to tell me if Ryouko was near by! It was so strong now that I had a
headache! Of course I never meant Yosho until then so this `new buzz'
was different to me!"
	"That night I tried to fall asleep, but couldn't! said Ron. "Then a
staff sergeant woke me up with something he said that help me sleep!
Beer! But, this was called `Iron City Beer' with 3.2% alcohol! Wooo!
After that draught, I thought the some wines on Jarai were something
this was else to have on your tongue! And at that instant I finally put
together at what was happening, so later that night I snuck out on this
crazy excursion! Just dressed in my combat naval olive drab uniform and
my 1911 .45. With the help of the trees I made my way into this place! I
had to know if someone important was here!"
	"I too detected as well that someone did not belong to the group of
soldiers who I watched all day long!" said Yosho as he joined up with
Ron.
	"As I made my way through here I came across Yosho's tree'' which was
glowing a light hue into the night!" As I approached the tree began to
react, I was not too sure if was trying to warn me or come closer to it!
When I was about to touch the lower trunk the way I was taught to do so,
a beam of energy struck me in the head. I was seeing everything in my
mind what happened that day on Jarai over 700 years ago, Ryouko's
attack, then the great valiant chase through space with Ryo-Ohki and the
Prince's ship finally crashing here, and seeing for the first time a the
real young Yosho defeating Ryouko and then it is over!"
	"I woke up with stars in the sky and zipping by my head, a headache
even worst this time! I was shocked at my find! I found the missing
Prince!"
	"I remembered what I said to that tree after all that; "Now your a tree
with a bite that's worst than it's bark!"
	"Then all of sudden I turn to see Yosho at the other end of the water!"
	"I saw the whole thing at what happen between my tree and Ron so I knew
I couldn't ignore him as a U.S. Serviceman who was just trespassing!
said Yosho. "I let him approach carefully."
	"Yes you did." said Ron with a smile. "Of course you did look a little
younger in stature back then! My blood changed to feel icy and thin from
this shock! I knew right before me was the Prince, but I had to make 100
percent sure! After I walked around him a couple of times I looked right
into his eyes and spoke in Jaran..."
	"`Of all the people I have seen in this beautiful land, your the first
I've ever seen with dark violet eyes! Your majesty'" said Yosho quoting
Ron's words.
	Ayeka gasped outloud with a brow that was pale!
	"Then what?" she pleaded like a child to a person telling her a
bed-time story.
	"I just walked away." said Ron peacefully.
	"And I tackled him!" said Yosho with a laugh and Ron quickly joins him.
	"Yeah and a good one too!" said Ron. "You got me on that!"
	"I explained to Ron the same way I told you about why I never returned
home Ayeka and told Ron never to tell anybody I was here and that was a
royal order of the highest, so I know he could not break it no matter
who it was that asked him, even my own mother or father!"
	"And I told him I would keep it!" said Ron. "Even it wasn't a `high
order' because I could understand what he was going through!" 
	"So after that night you left, went back to your people and the next
day your `unit' was gone! I never saw Ron again in the flesh until a few
days ago!" said Yosho, then a smile came to his face. "However, we did
keep in touch!"
	"You did? How?" asked Tenchi.
	"By letters of course!" said Yosho. 
	"LETTERS?!" Everyone shouted.
	"We knew better than to trust the phones systems because of the way the
Empire and the Galaxy Police kept an eye and ear on this world!" said
Ron. "So we did it the old fashion way! We wrote or typed to each other
when the chance came around just to see how things were going!"
	"What did you write about?" asked Samami. 
	"Anything and everything!" said Yosho. "I asked what was happening at
home and within the Empire and about!"
	"And I replied back!" said Ron
	"Wait!" said Kiyone. "Weren't you just a little worried that someone
would open a letter and read it? And Ron, I thought you said could read
Japanese, just say it!"
	"Well you right I can't read the words..." said Ron.
	"But I learned the English letters later on after he left!" said Yosho
jumping in.
	"And besides do you think the `typical' Earthling would understand at
what we were writing about?" asked Ron.
	"And all this time you kept your word for my brother." said Ayeka with
her eyes down to the floor. "Even though I saw you many times in-between
those years."
	"I was not going to break my vow." said Ron with a pause. "Your
majesty."
	Ayeka without out saying a word got up and walked out of the room.
	"Sir?" asked Ron to Yosho.
	"Let her be Captain." order Yosho. "She has to except the fact that
honor is sometimes higher than the throne itself. I will talk to her
myself later, for now I believe you have a job to get back to."
	"Yes sir." said Ron without hesitation as he picked up his laser rifle.
	"By the way." said Yosho. "Who was the person that told you about the
attack on Pearl Harbor?"
	 " The spy who told me about Pearl Harbor was one who was a
`shape-shifter', he was spying on the Japanese Navy for your Empire! He
was lost when the Japanese carrier Soryu was sunk at the battle of
`Midway'!	
	"I see."
	"What happen after you left here?" asked Tenchi.
	"I was only Japan for a few more weeks and after that I was sent to
Guam for `clean up' operations with other `Frog-men'." said Ron as he
was walking toward the front door. "After about a year, I was back with
Team Fifteen!"
 	Everyone was glad some questions were answered, but now new ones
arose. 
	As Ron opened the door, the songs from the cicada's were strong. Samami
followed behind him. 
	"I never saw any letters like that." said Tenchi to his grandfather.
	"You came close not to long go." he replied back. "The day I caught
you  in my storage room looking for the keys that would open the lock to
Ryouko's cave you came very close to finding the box that I stored his
letters in!"	
*****************************************************************************
	A few days later as in the evening came, Kiyone and Washu were walking
by the lakeside.
	"So." said Kiyone. "Do really think Ron could've killed Ryouko?"
	"No! Of course not!" said Washu. "Even though he is a good nemesis for
Ryouko he is just not powerful enough, however, I have to wonder what it
could have been like for Ryouko to have been challenged by that many of
the same kind of nemesis'  to attack her all at once. It could have been
possible that once of them could have found the `killing blow'!
	"Well I for one would find it strange to have a `techo-virse' infused
with my body just to give me super human abilities. said Kiyone. " I
keep thinking back to  something in Biological Science class when I was
in the Academy! `Both receive beneficial relationship with one and
another.'"
	" Do you mean `Endosymbeosis' replied Washu. "How a type of cell lives
inside of another organism?"
	"Something like that." said Kiyone.
	"What Ron has in his body, is a great deal more complex than that!"
said Washu. "Finding his `password' in the Galaxy Police file system was
just as complex, I mean who would ever thought that the `binomial' name
for `Wolf' Canis lupus was it?"
	Kiyone just froze in her steps at the last words that the little woman
just said! She could feel her soul illuminate inside her like a fireball
at those words! `Canis lupus'! 
	"That's his password?!" shouted Kiyone as she picked up Washu
underneath in the arm pits!
	"Yes!" said Washu with a very surprised face as she looks up at the
young woman. "`Wolf'! Like `Lone Wolf'!"
	She drops Washu down to the ground and a blank look of disbelief comes
to Kiyone. Washu look's up to Kiyone.
	"Is something the matter?"
	"I...I have go check on something." says Kiyone as she bolt's to her
ship! Washu watches Kiyone run away and a smile comes to her face!
	"Tonight your quest of `The Knowing' comes to an end."
***************************************************************************** 
	"It can't be!" Kiyone says to herself over and over again. "There is no
way that this person is it! Not like this! He's not even from my world!"
	As she runs to her personal quarters on the "Yagami" she opens up a
tightly locked chest under her rack, and pulls out a box that is made of
hard brown leather and fine brass corners with symbols of her world's
language on it and something in Latin!  She then opens it up and sees
inside a dark blue sphere in the middle of the box and a corner a cloth
made of wool with the colors of dark yellow and blue! As she is
resealing the box and is about to run out of the `space', she spot's
something on her rack! It is another blue sphere, only this one is the
size of a large marble! She is hesitant at first, but she quickly picked
it up and looked into it! A small swell of anger builds inside her as
she lighty gnashes her teeth together! She then runs out of the ship and
soon up the stairs toward Yosho's shrine!
	Washu sees Kiyone go up the stairs and she smiles again.
	"Ready or not Ron here she comes!"
	
*****************************************************************************
	Out of breath, Kiyone finally makes her way to the top of the stares!
	The first thing she greeted by is the warm glow of a large bond fire
burning not to far way from the shrine itself. As she walks up closely
to the fire she sees a person in a Galaxy Police uniform with his back
toward her facing the woods! She can tell right away the built of the
man and the style of the uniform worn by the personnel of `Unit Three',
it was of course Ron! She moves up even more closer now to him until she
reaches to other side of the fire which separates them both. All this
time he kept he back turned from her and this makes her even a little
more ticked off at him!
	 For about a minute she just stares at his back with eyes that could
cut through thick ice, and listens to the crackling of wood being eaten
by the flames!
	She finally breaks the silence that walls between them!
	"Where did you get this?" she said with a light better tone as she
holds up small blue marble-like sphere next to her with her right hand.
	"From you." Ron finally saying something after a few seconds past from
Kiyone's question. He never turned around to look at the sphere itself! 
	"When?" she demanded. "I left this out for my `Guardian' to have when I
was little girl! It was very important to me that the `Guardian'
received this!"
	"Yes, I know! You ten years old at the time!" said Ron with his back
still turned away from her. "You left that out one night on top of the
head of a Centaur statue near your home for the `Guardian' to pick up,
and in the morning when you came back to the statue you found a coin
where the sphere was before!"
	"Describe it, Captain!" said Kiyone. 
	"It is a coin of a good size." said Ron as he animated his hands. " It
is from a country on this planet, on one side it has an eagle which is a
symbol for that country and on the other side is one of it's leaders!
This coin was given to you to give you an idea where your `Guardian' was
living at the time of your birth!"
	"Guardian's are chosen by the most highest care within our people from
my world for the task of `Protector'. It is a honor of one the highest
levels in our...my  society, `To protect the future!'
	"Did your `Guardian' ever show up at the `Ceremony of Youthhood' held
at the Amphitheater in your city, `Alantus' with you and the others on
your eighteenth year of life?"
	"No."  said Kiyone as she looked down at the fire with a face that
showed she felted dishonored about her answer. "I know that there was no
shame to me on that day because the rules say that; `A Guardian can come
anytime after the day of the ceremony, however I did feel very
`alone'...incomplete from that day on because I never even knew who this
`Guardian' was only that he did save my life and I have never had a
chance to thank the person for it, and I guess I'll never will because
I'm stuck here and he.."
	Kiyone now realized she was rambling on to Ron and got angry again.
	"Why would care sir? she demanded. "Your from Earth!"
	Ron slowly turns around to face Kiyone!
	Kiyone watches Ron's every move, but she is force to look up at the
orange head-band he is wearing around his forehead the same kind she
wears, and in the center of the band was the same symbol that was on her
leather box! The symbol of her family!
	"I wanted to say that I'm sorry about that day!" said Ron with a
serious face.
	In all honesty, Kiyone had a `hunch' about Ron, but facts were facts!
And though she mustered the strength for this small possibility,  in the
end it was just too much for her to bear all at once! She passes out!
	Yosho comes quickly out of the darkness to catch Kiyone as she falls,
but Ron beats him to her by appearing behind Kiyone so fast that he was
a `blur' first! He looks down at her with compassion and sighs.
	"`Oh what a tangled web we weave,...When we practice to deceive'." said
Ron. "You were right, Sire! It was too much."
	"She is very strong in spirit and stature son, but so very fragile like
the petals of the rose itself." said Yosho as the others came out of the
forest.
	"Is she all right?" asked Tenchi.
	"She will fine, just let her rest." said Washu as she comes up the
stairs.
				      End Part Three
 

**************** Part IV: `The Count Down to Destruction' *****************
***************************************************************************
	
		Disclamer: The Characters from the Tenchi Universe are copyrighted by
the Poineer and AIC company. All rights reserved.
                      Iron City Beer is copyright. All rights reserved.
		Rodin: Part Three, by C.D. Powers 
		My Characters: Ronan Masterson, Sarah Mc.Pherson, Phillipe Pontere,
and the other members from Team Fifteen are copyrighted. Two-fifty is
copyrighted. Any real names or likeness is purely coincidence! All
rights reserved. 1999