Writers Notes: And exhale.
send all the critsium (or praise) you can muster, even if it's just one
word. i apologize for spelling and grammar in advance.

Disclaimer :The story, characters, and incidents in this story are
entirely fictional and bare no resemblance to any fanfic (that I have
read) or person's real life. (if it does resemblance your real life, ha
ha ha ha, sorry) I DO NOT own any of these characters, houses, planets,
spaceships, landscapes, sub-space labs, or cabbits (Except for Kaemon
and the seed, those are mine) they are property of AIC and Pioneer. So
please, for the love money don't sue me.


"I still don't understand Tenchi, you said she died." Sasami said
looking at old photos of Achika, which didn't help Tenchi every much.

"I know Sasami . . . but, she's back now." he said in a daze.

No need for Earth: Part 2

School was over for the day and Sasami always tried to make it home
before the others, it was a perfect routine.

Sasami, first home, make snacks.
Hour later, Ryoko, fly home, eat snacks.
Minutes later, Aeka home, no snacks, yell at then fight with Ryoko.
Minutes later, Mihoshi and Kiyone home, Mihoshi, no snacks, cry, attempt
to arrest Ryoko and Aeka for stealing snacks, Kiyone, yell at Mihoshi.
Hour later, Tenchi home, all's well.

That what her was expecting when she met Ryo-oh-ki on the stairs.

"Hello Ryo-oh-ki did you miss me?"

"Meow!" said the happy little cabbit.

The young princess giggled as she put Ryo-ko-ki on her head. Both hummed
the rest of there long trip. When they reached the top Sasami noticed a
black figure enter the forest, she didn't dwell on that every long and
practically forgot it upon seeing Tenchi crying in his hands and Washu
finish giving Yosho an injection.

"Tenchi?, Washu?, what happened?"

Washu spoke first. "Ok, lord Yosho and Nobuyuki will be out for , say .
. . four hours, till then I'll run some test on our guest. Sasami."
turning to her. "Keep everyone out of my lab."

"Ok, but tell me what's going on first."

"I wish I could"

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Kaemon found his way to the shrine hoping he could find what he needed
to prove that he is worth teaching. Alas, there was nothing he could
use.

Sitting on the stairs he planned his next move. "Lets see, lets see,
lets . . . I've got nothing. All I have is this damn seed, this damned
cursed seed."

Kaemon was in such deep thought he did not notice the two energy blots
hurtling towards him.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Ryoko's flying home was a common practice now, a year ago she would just
teleported home, but now she felt like flying, she didn't know why, may
be she was just getting old. This day Ryoko swung by the shine with
intent to bum some money from Yosho. She couldn't find him and was about
to head home when she found a man sitting on the stairs.

"Where's Yosho?" she sees the man "I wonder who he is? Probably no one.
Hmm, I bet I could fight him, it's been a while since I had a good
fight. Aeka doesn't count. I'll need a reason, hmm, I know, that's why
Yosho isn't here, he kill him, then I must . . . beat the crap out of
him. That sounds like a good enough reason."

Pleased with her decision, Ryoko wasted no time in carrying out revenge
on Yosho's imaginary death by throwing two energy bolts at the
unsuspecting man. She laugh as the man got thrown off his butt. The
explosions sent dust into the air covering the man. She started forward
when she lost site wanting to scare him some more but stopped when a
small white light came from the turned up dust and soot. Before the
demon could react energy bolts shot out from the light slamming into the
ground around her, Ryoko screamed at the surprise counter attack. When
the dust settled the two people stared in disbelief at one other.

"This one's a fighter. Good, I was getting bored" Ryoko grind at the
though.

"Damn, I though my fighting days where over. Dammit! She's smiling."
Kaemon frowned.

Ryoko drew her energy sword and flew at Kaemon with full force. Kaemon
threw his coat at the demon to distract her but she phased right threw
and brought the sword down only to have it blocked by another energy
sword, this one white and being held by Kaemon. Ryoko backed off reading
her next attack, Kaemon took this opening grabbing her shirt and
throwing her down the stairs while making a brake for the top steps.
Ryoko righted her self in midair and sighed at the young man's pathetic
attack. The moment Kaemon's foot touched the last step Ryoko teleported
in front of him with sword at the ready.

"Shit!" Kaemon yelled out dodging her sword swipe. The demon then broth
her sword up from the first cut in one full arcing motion nearly cutting
off his hand as he fell to the ground. Ryoko started laughing
hysterically letting go of her sword and dropping to her knees. Her joy
was short lived when Ryoko notice Kaemon wasn't  crawling on the ground,
but floating twelve feet in the air.

He realized this woman was just trying to pick a fight, well he was
going to give her one. Kaemon held in his right-hand a white ball of
energy with six more balls around it and aimed them, at that moment the
woman yelled out "Shit!"

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"She could be an imposter." Aeka stated

"Then what could this ‘imposter' gain, and why imposter a dead woman,
show up at her home and let everyone who knows her see her alive . . .
unless Tenchi isn't telling us the whole story." Kiyone gave Tenchi an
integration look.

"I doubt Lord Tenchi would lie about his dead mother-" Aeka raised her
voice in protest to have it cut off by Kiyone.

"I'm not accusing Tenchi of lying. I'm just saying maybe there is more
to Achika's death than he knows or can remember."

A long silence entered the room.

Aeka, Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Sasami where all tolled of how Achika died
and of today's strange visit. All of this didn't make a hint of sense to
any of them, especially Tenchi. They told him ‘maybe Washu could shed
some light on the situation', and so they waited, for anything that can
help.

A beeping cut through the silence. "What's that noise?" Sasami asked.

"I think it's Mihoshi's communicator." Aeka answered.

Mihoshi was oblivious to its beeping.

"MIHOSHI!" everyone shouted.

"Whhhaaaaattt?" she wines.

"GP is calling you." Kiyone scolded.

"Oh, well why didn't somebody say something."
Everyone sighs while Mihoshi pressed a switch letting in the
transmission.

"Detective first class Mihoshi, you are to report to Galaxy Police Head
Quarters immediately by direct orders of the council."

"What? ,Why?" tears welling up in the detective's eyes.

"Your mission evaluation report has been black flagged by the council,
they demand a meeting, report immediately. End transmission."

Mihoshi's lower lip acts like a seismograph, the more it quivers, the
more violent the tears, and after seeing the lip pout, Kiyone pushed her
chair across the room.

"I'll get a mop." Sasami sighed.

After the sudden monsoon of tears, Mihoshi latched her self to Kiyone.
"I don't wanna go Kiyone, I don't wannnaaaa." Tears flowing freely
again.

"You have to go Mihoshi, it's a direct order." Kiyone trying desperately
to pry free.

"But they'll yell at meeee." The whining continues.

"Of course they're going to yell at you because you're going to be late!
Now let me go before I drown!"

"They're gonna fire me."

"They can't fire you, you've got your granddaughter's connections,
they'll probably just transfer you."

Kiyone's face lit up. "They'll transfer you." Never has her spirts been
lifted so high. "Come on Mihoshi you've got to make that meeting!"
dragging her kicking, clawing, crying, screaming partner to the lake.

"No, no, no, no, no, no, no, waaaaaahhhhhh."

A light enveloped them, a second later both where on the deck of Yagami.

"Don't worry Mihoshi everything will be ok." Strapping her partner to
the seat. "I'll even set the autopilot so you can get some sleep."

*sniff* "You're coming to right?"

"No! You got flagged not me."

"Waaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh!"

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Ryo-oh-ki waited by the lake to give a goodbye to Yagami. Kiyone
appeared next to her.

"Meow?"

"That ‘s right Mihoshi's leaving. It feels like a dream." She was all
most giddy.

"Meow."

Yagami emerged from the lake, waters magnifying the sun light as it
rolled off its sleek form. Mihoshi's wails faded away as the ship rose
into the sky being relapsed by the songs of birds. Kiyone gave a
relaxing sigh while looking across the serene lake. She scooped up
Ryo-oh-ki and gave the cabbit a small kiss.

Holding the cabbit close to her, she hollered out to the lake. "May this
be the first of many days without that bubble head." She ended the
speech with a twirl. Ryo-oh-ki could not help but give the woman an
approving meow.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Craters littered the shine grounds, stone slabs turn to dust, wood
turned to ash, tiles broken and cracked, shredded pieces of clothing
strew across the shrine. This was the result of Ryoko and Kaemon's
fighting, both seemed at a stalemate, but the truth is Kaemon fought his
hardest while Ryoko just messed around. Kaemon's clothes where just rags
held together by a few strands of thread. He did not seem to mind the
nix and cuts covering his body, those where Ryoko's ways of showing him
that he is dancing with death. Ryoko's once proud outfit was now torn
and coved with soot, her once long skirt is now sinfully short and her
top is now an . . . um, ah, I guess you can call it a vest. Other than
that she is untouched. A gentle breeze blows away some smoke from the
last clash. Both opponents have resorted to projectile attacks. Ryoko
focuses on a light through the thin smoke, it's him, he builds them up
seven at a time, it long but effective. She has never seen anyone make
seven at once not even she can do it, and she's tried. Also he wears a
band on his right wrist, she thinks that mite bee where he gets his
power from. The light rapidly gets larger, Ryoko quickly flies up over
the smoke in time to watch the ground below her burst into flames and
instantly go out. She smiles while her heart races when realizing how
close death was. A stronger wind blows the smoke away reveling their
positions. Ryoko throws two energy bolts at first site, Kaemon raises a
shield casing them to blow up in mid fligh. seeing his opponent he draws
his sword but it starts to flicker then fade, he draws it again,
nothing, again, still nothing. "I must have lost the connection to the
seed."  He checks the wrist band then feels a sharp pain, Ryoko has just
kneed him in the stomach, Kaemon keels over. Ryoko stands on him with
her right foot on his chest, left foot on his right hand, and brings her
sword to an inch from his neck. He opens his eyes wanting to see the
face of his killer, yet the killer all of a sudden seems less interested
in him and more interested in something else behind him.

Kaemon starts to wonder. "What could be so fascinating than killing me?
I'm insulted. I fight, she wins, and now I have to wait, what can be
more insulting than is." And to add to his self-absorbed confusion,
Washu pokes her head over his.

Washu speaks telepathically. "Daughter, what are you doing?"

Ryoko telepathically answers. "Nothing, and don't call me daughter."

"Then why is he bleeding."

". . . He started it. I was just minding my own business and this SoB
attacks me, it was all self defends."

"You attacked him Ryoko!"

"You were reading my thoughts weren't you?"

"Yes."

"Dammit Washu, don't you have anything else better to do than probe my
mind."

"No." A smirk came to her mouth. Ryoko growled at her mother.

Washu removed Kaemon's wrist band. "What are you doing?!" Kaemon
shouted.

Washu speaks verbally. "Testing a hypothesis."

"Ryoko, I want Kaemon alive." Speaking telepathically again.

"No killing." Ryoko, telepathically ‘laid back'.

"And in one whole piece."

"No pieces." (Laid back)

"And no braking bones."

"No bone braking." (Laid back)

"And don't beat him up."

"No beating up." (Laid back)

Washu looks her over. "And I want to talk to you about your choice of
fashion."

"Like hell you are!" Ryoko snaps. Washu walks back into her portal.

Ryoko looks into the face of her victim, she sees the fear in his eyes.
With his power gone he will pled for mercy, and she knows just how to
drive him to it.

Ryoko raises the sword over her head and shouts out at the top of her
lungs. "DIE!"

What happened next can be called an ‘act of desperation.'

Kaemon puts his free hand up Ryoko's skirt and grabs her inside thigh.
Ryoko squeals, letting go of her sword, and is pushed aside, fall on her
back. He rolls on top of Ryoko, pinning her to the ground and places a
laser gun to her head (which he pulled out of thin air mind you) and
pulls the trigger.

Ryoko sees only darkness, she has to collect her self, she must
concentrate on a memory. Ryoko teleported out just as the trigger was
pulled and has now appeared over the shrine. Quickly scanning the area,
she finds her opponent fleeing into the woods.

"You'll pay for that Kaemon. No one touches me there!" she draws the
sword and flies off in pursuit.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Ok, the tests are in!" Washu says enthusiastically.

All eyes are now on the mad scientist. No one breathes, no one blinks,
they wait anchisly for her to continue.

"I did various type of genetic testing, I even took some samples from
the grave. All of my conclusions where the same. As a last resort I
tried matching her Juraian energy with Tenchi, Aeka, Sasami, and Yosho,
it was the same as the genetic tests. She is your mother Tenchi."

No one spoke.

"Achika, would you come out and tell them what you told me." Washu
motioned.

Achika entered the room. Sasami blurted out. "It's her, it's the woman
from the picture."Waving a photo around. Tenchi lost feeling in his legs
and fell backwards into Aeka's arms.

Achika slowly walked over to Tenchi and held his head. "You've gotten so
big."

"Mother?" Tenchi chokes back a sob.

"Yes?" Tears of joy spilling out.

Tenchi finding what strength he once lost, moves into his mother's arms
and cries openly. Achika followed suit, then Aeka, then Sasami, then
Kiyone, then Ryoko, who was watching everything from Ryo-oh-ki's eyes,
then Washu, soon everyone was crying in the open.

"I'll get a mop." Sasami cried.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Tears flowed till there was no more tears to shed, Achika began to ask
about all the girls, and one by one they introduce them selves.

Washu pulled Tenchi aside out of hearing range. "Tenchi there is
something about Lady Achika that you must know."

"What is it Miss Washu?"

"Achika has very large memory gaps . . . She doesn't remember dying or
any events after that up till a few hours ago, all she can remember is
that she left."

Tenchi face faulted. "What? . . . Then? . . . How?"

"I'm still working on those, but ‘Why' is what intrigues me."

"Tenchi?" Achika calls from the living room.

"Here." he calls back.

"Please tell me what are all of these people doing here?"

"Just a minute." turns back to Washu "What do we do?"

"Go in there and tell her what every she want to know and send everyone
over out here."

***

Yosho raises an eyebrow. "Is that so?"

"Yes it is so." Washu mocks him. "I don't want you, or you, or any of
you talking about her death. Do you under stand?"

"Yes." everyone in unison.

"Uh, Washu-chan?" Nobuyuki speaks up. "Does this mean I can't sleep with
Achika?"

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The sun has cast long shadows across the Masaki residence, the skies
have turned a dark shade of purple and the scent of Sasami's cooking
lingers in the air, Kaemon's stomach growls as he takes one more look
around making sure he finally lost Ryoko. He has been hiding in the
forest from his pursuer for most of the day and now the Masaki is only a
few hundred feet away. He sees two people exit from the house, both are
women, one has long purple hair, and the second, is Washu. He bolts from
his hiding spot towards the two women yelling and swearing at the
scientist for leaving him with that demon. The purple haired one cuts
off his raving. "I am the royal princess of Jurai, and I demand that you
cease your choice of vocabulary this instant."

Kaemon points his gun at her. "I don't care a fuck who the hell you are
but ‘I' demand ‘you' shut your ca--" Two large logs appear and knock him
off his feet. A moment later he sits up, a bit shaken to what just
happened.

"I'm gonna pretend I was on Mars for the last five minutes."Washu says
waving a wrist band in front of Kaemon's face. "Tell me what powers this
device."

"On one condition, that you will take me as your student." Kaemon
replies staring at the two logs and Aeka who turned her head away from
him.

"Granted." Washu shakes his hand, not knowing what she was getting the
Masaki family into.

" . . . It doesn't have a technical name that I know of, I just call it
a seed." Kaemon opens the band letting a small gem fall into his hand.
Rolling it around the light catches the gem randomly changing its
pigment. "My professor gave this to me for payment on a bet, he told me
he got the gem on a trip to the planet Jurai. When I tried to analyze
the rock type, I found it wasn't rock but organic. When I tried
identifying its organic origins, I found two very remarkable
discoveries, first is that its organic structure is like that of a type
of a tree only found on Jurai . . . its name slips my mind." Kaemon
grins as Aeka‘s eyes widen. " And number two is that it gives off a type
of energy only found in Jurai royals. I had found a way to make
artificial Juraian energy and this band can isolate that energy from the
seed, so I fled here to make sure that secret doesn't get out."

"Please tell me that is the only one." Aeka was all most pleading.

Kaemon smiled. "Actually there are seven more in my possession."  Aeka
fell to her knees. "Don't worry they're all safe with my assents back at
the Academy."

"Kaemon I want your seeds." Washu was very demanding. "If you can
produce those seeds in ten hours then I will teach you all the secret of
the universe."

"Twelve hours, food, and a room."

"Eleven hours, food and a room of my choosing."

"Deal."

"Wonderful, let me introduce you to some of the people you'll be living
with. Those two sticks are Azaka and Kamadaki." Pointing to the two
logs. "That is Aeka." Pointing to the purple-headed girl. "And that is
my daughter Ryoko, you two have already meet." Pointing behind him.

Ryoko comes from behind and grabs Kaemon's shirt pulling his face to
hers. "I am going to tare your clothes off with my teeth and rub butter
all over your body with my bare hands, then shove a stick up your butt
and slow cook you over an open fire and feed you to the crows if you
ever put your hand up my skirt again! Do you under stand?!"

"Yes."


I really don't know much about the world of Tenchi Muyo so if anyone
would be so kind and email with corrections in my story it would me out
a lot.(and if you have a map of the Masaki residents send it. that's
right a map, you know who you are) And i made Achika's part short
because i can't find anything about her. So please someone send me some
info on Achika or else her parts will be cut short. oh and does this fan
sound cheesy?
 