Hello, this is my first fic. I wrote it because I need to know if my
writing sucks, so send all the criticism (or praise) you can muster. I
apologize for spelling and grammar in advance.

 Disclaimer :The story, characters, and incidents in this story are
entirely fictional and bare no resemblance to any fanfic (that I have
read) or person's real life. (if it does resemblance your real life,
then I'm sorry) I DO NOT own any of these characters, houses, planets,
spaceships, landscapes, sub-space labs, or cabbits (Except for the
student and the silver sphere, those are mine) they are property of AIC
and Pioneer. So please, for the love of god don't sue me.

No need for Earth

It was a typical sunny day in the Masaki household. As the warm sunlight
made its way to Tenchi's bed so did Aeka.

"Ahhhh! Aeka, what are you doing?"

"Oh Tenchi, I had such a horrible dream that you didn't wake up so I
came in and you where asleep so I leaned over to see if you were
breathing an-"

Aeka stopped abruptly as Ryoko phased through the wall.

"Ohhh Tench-"

Ryoko let out a shriek then a volley of energy bolts, when she saw her
arch enemy Aeka sitting on Tenchi's chest still in her night clothes.

A sleepy-eyed Sasami yawned as she headed for the stairs thinking of
what to make for today's breakfast, heard a loud explosion then saw a
singed Tenchi running for the bathroom follow by a whimpering Ryoko with
a concerned Aeka.

"Tenchi how could you, with that princess hore"

"Lord Tenchi did that monster woman hurt you?"

Ah yes, this will be a typical morning in the house of Masaki. Too bad
the morning is all that will be "typical."

Tenchi sorted out things with Ryoko and Aeka before breakfast so the
fighting was kept down to a minimum. After breakfast, Mihoshi and Kyione
left to their part-time job at a beauty-parlor. Aeka and Ryoko finally
had jobs, Aeka works as a hostess in a restaurant, Ryoko works in a
photography studio. With the extra incomes there was enough money to
send Sasami to school to be around kids her own age. Tenchi and Nobuyuki
took the day off. Yosho began reading the paper. And Washu started off
to her lab.

(OK, all the gears are in motion, time for the writer to "throw my
wooden shoe")

The men of the house cannot even begin to comprehend what or who made
its trek up the stairs to the world that it had once left behind. Now it
came to claim what was rightfully its own.

Washu sat in her lab testing this, experimenting that, pondering how she
can get Ryoko to call her mommy. Her strand of thought was broken as an
alarm went off. She turned her attention to a new screen.

"Ryoko and Aeka's fighting are generating a lot of energy . . . no, they
left an hour ago,  . . . then what could that be?"


Washu started typing frantically on her laptop "Oh my, its energy level
is increasing rapidly, and its very close."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Tenchi someone's at the door answer it." Yosho shouted from the
kitchen.

"Why don't you answer it grampa?"

"That's why Nobuyuki had you." Yosho shot back.

Tenchi looked to his father "Dad, you want to answer the door?"

"Tenchi, I think it's time that I tell you the truth to why you're
here."

Tenchi was paralyzed as to whatever horrible truth his father would tell
him.

Tears streamed down Nobuyuki's face  "You are here . . .  to . . .
answers the door, now go, quickly my child before it's to late."

Tenchi got a sweat drop as he headed for the door.

"That's my boy!" Nobuyuki cheered from the couch.

It was a woman, her dark hair fell to her waist. She wore blue jeans
with a white tucked in a T-shirt with a backpack on one shoulder.

Tenchi asked as he opened the door  "Yes, can I help you?"

The stranger spoke almost to a whisper. "Tenchi."

He was startled by this. "How . . . how do you know my name?"

"Who is it Tenchi?" Nobuyuki asked as he walk up behind Tenchi to greet
this new person. The woman's eyes went from Tenchi to his.

"Nobuyuki." Her voice was at normal pitch, loud enough for Yosho to
hear.

Yosho came out of the kitchen to the door only to be met by the eyes he
thought he would never see again.

Tears formed in the woman's eyes as she spoke, this time to Yosho.
"Father."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"No, THAT CAN'T BE RIGHT!" the crazed scientist shouted in vain as she
is the only one in her little half world. The monitor read, ‘ENERGY
PULSATION: 43,000,000,000,000'

A revelation strained through the scientist's twisted mind. "It could be
a bomb, if it is, it'll take out half of Japan in its wake!" Washu
leaped off her chair and sprinted for the door in hopes of getting
everyone on Ryo-ko-ki before it discharged.

Too bad, if only she was half a second faster, maybe, just maybe she
would have made it.

Washu reached the door in time to see it shatter like glass, and a small
silver sphere replace its place.

This baffled Washu. "If this is the bomb th-"

The sphere lit up the lab and she was thrown back across the floor. When
the light died a young man stood where the sphere was. His hair was
black with red streaks in the front and back. He was also tall, about
six foot with a jet- black coat which went to his ankles, white shirt
and again ‘black' pants. He had a travel sack on his shoulder which he
let drop to the ground. Then he spoke to the void.

"Washu!?"

Washu was stunned by how he knew her name, but that shock passed when
she realized. "I am Washu, the most intelligent, clever, powerful,
gorgeous, generous, kawaii, scientist in the universe, of corse he knows
my name! Who doesn't!?!"

Washu stood up, dusted herself off, and adjusted her clothes  before
speaking in the cutest kawaii she can fake. "Hi I'm Washu, what do you
want?"

"Washu?"

"Yes."

"Washu?"

"Yes."

"You're Washu?"

"Yes, can I help you?"

"Ha ha!,You're Washu!"

"You don't say much do you?"

The young man broke into the universally well-known ‘dance-of-joy' "HA
HA! I DID IT!, I DID IT! I DID IT! I DID IT! I DID IT!, I don't even
know where the hell I am, but I know I'm talking to you!"

Washu decided to drop the kawaii voice " . . . Hi, I'm Washu, what do
you want?"

The young man whipped out a computer notepad and asked "What was the
energy pulse?"

She paused a moment a bit confused but answered. "Forty-three trillion."

"Forty-three trillion? , I must have blacked out all of the Science
Academy." He said while typing in the notepad

"Science Academy" this stroke a cord with the scientist. "Hey who are
you?"

"Wha-, Oh, I'm sorry, my name is Kaemon, and I have taken my leave from
the Science Academy for I have learned everything it has to offer and
some it didn't, now I would like for you to take me as your pupil, for
you are the great and all-powerful Washu."

Washu deliberate his offer in her mind before responding. ‘That last
statement reminded me of Kagato, NO, I doubt  anybody can repeat THAT
evil again. "You'll have to show some proof."

"Oh, yes, yes, I have credits, résumés, diplomas, teachers who can back
me up, I'll do anything if it'll will make you change your mind." Kaemon
was ecstatic.

"What if I decline."

"Then I'm stuck here . . . until I build another portal."

"Well then no, I don't have time to teach another bimbo how to operate a
light switch or turn on an intergalactic spaceship, I've already got
eight of them and two twigs that won't shut up. so just because you can
open a dimensional warp between two points doesn't mean you've learned
everything, so go back to the Academy and come back in two hundred
thousand years. then maybe my secretary can pencil you in  . . . for
five seconds, ha ha ha ha ha!"

A sweat drop appeared on Kaemon's forehead "Oh  . . . well, can at least
tell me where I can get a room and some food?"

"Certainly, this way." She motioned to a new door. "Oh, and I know this
place that has great food, I eat here all the time."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The two stopped in the hallway on they way to the kitchen, looking at
the unconscious bodies of the Masaki men spread out on the floor. There
was also a woman kneeling, holding Tenchi's unconscious body in her
arms. Washu thought she recognized her but couldn't recall where. Then
she knew. Tenchi, Nobuyuki, and Yosho all have pictures of her, but they
all said she died.

This woman who everyone knows but never met raised her head to the two
people before her to see a small red headed girl quietly say her name.

"Achika."


Well, what do you think. love, loathe, tell me at
mr.jack_daniels@excite.com I will also accept story ideas.
Don't hold your breath for part 2 it'll probably depend on the like/hate
email or I'm just to lazy.