(I'm pretty sure, I don't own Pioneers characters. And I'm positive they 
don't own mine. And I'm also pretty sure that this is the second to last 
story in "No Need For Japan", but by no means the end of Tenchi and company's 
adventures with Raven.)

"No Need for Japan";Part 8, Mihoshi's Gift (The Christmas Story)

by Raven Makibi


Aykea stood on the back porch, sipping her hot cider and watching the snow 
fall. She could hear the party inside the house, the festivites were in full 
swing. Funny, that a group that seemed so disorganized and un-united, could 
come so close together at times like this. She giggled a bit at the comedic 
song comming from the inside of the house, it was something about a "Red 
Christmas", she didn't fully understand it, but it was still funny. 

She fondly remembered the Christmas's with the Misaki's. How everyone 
exchanged gifts and laughed it up. Oddlly enough, this was very close to 
that. Not as much alcohol being consumed, being that there were no people 
over 21 in the house to buy it. But the fun that was being had made up for 
that.

The whole day had started with a big breakfast, made by Sasami. Lots of 
homecooked food that the group actualy sat down and ate together, like lunch 
at school. Accept that this was better than that food they served in the 
cafeteria. She remembered Drew jokingly pressing Goats head into the 
scrambled eggs, then Goat retaliating with pouring syrup in Drew's hair. The 
whole thing escalated into a foodfight. There were no intentions to harm 
others, just throwing food and having a good time. She'd even joined in, 
mashing a stack of pancakes into Ryoko's skull, it felt great just to be an 
immature little kid for once and really let loose.

This lasted for about 20minutes, in that time they'd managed to TRASH the 
enitre room, as well as become entirey covered in food. Washu fixxed this 
somehow. They never questioned it, or cared to know. But in a blink of and 
eye, they and the room became as they were before the fight. After that the 
day just got more interesting.

Now it was around lunch time, not that they we're going to repeat the 
breakfast. Instread, they'd opted to set up a little "snack bar" with many 
types of light food so they wouldn't be stuffed for dinner. Thats what 
brought her to the point she was at now, outside thinking of Christmass past, 
sipping her cider, and watching the snow.
******************************************************************************
***
Ryoko sat in the main hall on the stage. She'd been sitting here with Mike, 
talking about some memories they had from their previous years. The hall was 
decorated for the season, well, atleast they tried to make an effort to do 
so. There were lights running around the cealing edge, floor edge, and around 
each poster on the wall. In the corner by the stairs sat an evergreen. The 
orninmants were all old parts from machines, chicken bones, soda cans, and 
homemade wodden trinkets. Not real traditional, but it was cool to see 
something that bizzare at Christmas.

She diverted her attention to Mike after a quick glance around. He was 
talking about the time he gave 8:08 a box of glue for Christmas, and the guy 
got stuck to it for hours. Ryoko laughed herself stupid and fell into Mike's 
arms. She looked into his eyes for a second. She didn't know how to put it, 
but the liked him, almost more than she liked Tenchi. Mike was an 
improvement, he wasn't scared of physical contact, but he was still a bit 
weird. But he was a great guy. She hadn't bought him a present, but she was 
planning something for him that he'd like much better than a "normal" gift....
******************************************************************************
****
Sasami had finished dinner a while back, she'd left it in the oven to warm. 
Now, that she had free time, she decided to play with Ryo-Ohki. Something she 
couldn't do oftern since Washu had told her to keep the cabbit hidden. Who 
knows what these kids would say or do if they saw the creature.

She kept danging the carrot over the little creatures nose. The cabbit trying 
in vain to catch and eat it. She giggled each time the furball fell down and 
got up and leaped at it again. She knew Ryo-Ohki didn't think she was mean 
when she teased her with food, because it was all a game.

Ryo-Ohki had finaly gotten near the carrot when Sasami heard a knock at her 
and Kris's door. She told Ryo-Ohki to hide, then told the visitor to come in. 
It was Raven. "It's time for dinner. You ready?", he asked. Sasami told him 
yes, and she'd be down ina second. She was just putting Ryo-Ohki in her 
hiding place, when Raven walked in again. "Oh, and....What the hell is 
that?", he said pointing at the still visible Ryo-Ohki. Sasami looked at him 
sheepishly, "Its a cabbit. Her name is Ryo-Ohki. But you're not suposed to 
know about her.", "Cabbit? Ahh, yea. She's you're pet?" Raven asked pointing 
at the furry creature. Sasami nodded, not knowing what else to say. Raven 
laughed, "I have a pet that I bet Ryo-Ohki would like to play with, want to 
meet him?", Sasami nervously nodded. 

Raven whistled, within seconds a furry black creature dashed into the room 
and leaped up on Ravens shoulder. Sasami looked at the creature, and it 
looked back at her, she laugher with delight when she saw it was a cabbit. 
She reached up to Raven's shoulder and scooped the little creature up in her 
arms, cradleing him like a baby. He looked a little like Ryo-Ohki, accept for 
a few things.

For one, he was a little bigger, probobly typical for a male cabbit. 
Secondly, his eyes were silver, like his owners. She guessed all cabbits eyes 
matched that of their owners. Finaly as opposed to Ryo-Ohki's circular ruby 
on her forehead, Raven cabbit had a emerald triangle pointing down. The 
little critter nuzzled her than leaped down and began trying to make friends 
with Ryo-Ohki.

It was funny, watching the cabbits follow eachother around, then seeing 
Ryo-Ohki pounce Raven's cabbit and him kick her off and chase her...

Sasami laughed and looked at Raven. "What's his name?", she asked, staring at 
the creature. "Bizkit. Like the band 'Limp Bizkit'.", was his reply. "Now, 
why did you hide her? You afraid one of us is going to hurt her?", Sasami 
nodded. "Well, don't fear. We're not violent tword animals. Unless you count 
Goat...", Sasami laughed, she knew how they treated the kid and she always 
thought it was funny. "Lets go,", Raven said, "I think we have some carrots 
in the fridge for the little guys.". He walked out of the room, Bizkit riding 
on his shoulder. Sasami thought for a second, then ran after him, Ryo-Ohki 
bounding after her.
******************************************************************************
****
Kiyone sat at the dinner table, sipping her soda and watching the rest of the 
group interact. This meal before her was HUGE. Sasami had actualy fixxed up a 
nearly traditional meal for tonite, and suprisingly, Raven and  friends had 
worn clothes that were nicer than ususal. No one was wearing a suit or 
anything, but some of the guys had worn button down shirts as opposed to 
t-shirts. And the girls hadn't worn anything fancy, but most had chosen 
something "slightly" nicer for the occasion.

But clothes don't nesecarily make the man, Kiyone found. For the most part, 
everyone acted the same. Drew and Goat still screwed around, Mike looked as 
though he was getting ideas(quite a dangerous thing indeed), and the like.

Also, as she looked around the table, she could see that her friends had 
changed from how they were when they came here. When Tenchi had come here he 
was nervous around new people and even he girls he was around constantly, but 
since he met Patrik he'd lightened up, Kiyone didn't know this for a fact but 
she thought she'd seen Tenchi kissing Melissa earlier that night. Ayeka, when 
she'd come here she was all proper and dignified and wouldn't let onto who 
she really was, now she was alot more open to people and didn't try to hide 
herself under a mask of "royalty". Sasami had been affected little aside from 
the music she listened to, as opposed to the latest "teen-pop" craze, she 
opted for more techno like music nowadays. 

Kiyone could remember when Ryoko had come here. How she'd never leave poor 
Tenchi alone. Now she barely noticed him, instead opting for that Wolf kid. 
Kiyone didn't know what she saw in him, but Washu wasn't so pleased. Kiyone 
could sense that Washu was after Mike too, she just didn't show it as much. 
Infact, as she thought about it none of the girls, aside from Sasami, still 
seemed to want Tenchi as they had before. Ryoko and Washu were after Mike, 
Ayeka and Patrik were all but inseperable, and she'd fallen for the hidden 
tenderness within 8:08. And then there was Mihoshi.

Mihoshi'd become alot less of a scatterbrain than she had before. She'd also 
become VERY attached to Raven. Kiyone would see them walking around together. 
Sitting together at meals. Hell, she even moved into his room with him. (That 
move had gotten Cass to room with Washu and given Kiyone Cass's old room, so 
this was a plus) And along with that, her personality had changed slightly. 
She'd gotten heavily into Raven's music, she was always listening to "coal 
chamber" and "KoRn", and this had made her slightly more agrssive in life. 
She'd also changed her style of clothes, ordinarily she would have worn a 
long skirt and a blouse to a nice, but not formal, dinner. But tonight, she'd 
chosen an outfit that made her look like a school girl. Red plaid skirt, 
white shirt, red "sweater-vest" with a "coal chamber" patch on it, she looked 
every bit the part. Aside from one thing, that silver choker with the saphire 
inset Raven had given her.

Kiyone also made note of how her brother had changed. He looked alot older 
since he took those braids out, and let the rest of his hair grow. She'd seen 
it go from black, to dark blue as he grew it out. It was naturaly like that, 
black roots and blue as it grew longer. The way he had it styled now made him 
look like this musican, she thought the guy's name was like Meegs Rason, but 
she wasn't sure. He'd also become alot more protective, he always watched out 
for Mihoshi, and the other girls at school. She remembered when this kid was 
offering herself and Mihoshi money for sex and wouldn't leave them alone. 
Raven had come by and seen this, he was not impressed. He grabbed the kid by 
the arm, twisting it behind his back, and pinned him to the floor. He warned 
the boy that if he saw this happen again, he'd do worse, then he shoved the 
kids arm up violently. There'd been a loud SNAP and the kid had layed there 
groaning in pain. It took Kiyone a while to determine what Raven had done, 
but she figured out that he'd actualy broken the kids arm. Talk about 
protective.

She thought about all this and laughed, until she caught a glimpse of her 
reflection in the window. Then she remembered that she'd changed too. On the 
inside, she'd become more layed back, not always rushing about and worrying. 
Not intent on her job every second, and trying harder to have fun once in a 
while. But on the outside, well she probobly never be able to look at her 
uniform again. She'd come to pride herself on being different. So if she'd 
probobly either quit the GP or go undercover. She'd also cut her hair, that 
long cascade of teal was gone. In its place, was a shoulder-length hairstyle, 
usualy kept tyed back. It was offical, she was no longer the old Kiyone.....

She was dragged out of these thoughts when she heard Raven screaming in pain 
from oxygen deprevation.
She looked over, and saw her brother practicaly being CRUSHED by one of 
Mihoshi's hugs. He was turning blue, and gasping for air. Drew, Pat, 8:08, 
Mike, and Goat all had to strain together to free him from her grip. And the 
whole time she was shouting "yes, of course, yes" and giggling. Once the guys 
had freed Raven Mihoshi had stood up and started doing her little "excited 
dance" that Kiyone knew too well. Kiyone got up and walked over to Mihoshi 
and tapped her on the shoulder.

"Mihoshi, you mind explaing to me why you tried to crush my brothers ribs?", 
she aksed. Mihoshi stopped dancing and turned to Kiyone and made this spaztic 
little "I'm such a dummy" face and blushed a deep crimson. When she finaly 
stopped turning red, she looked at Kiyone and said "Well, he asked me 
to......marry him.", proudly displaying an ornate silver band with a 
pentagonal saphire inset.

Kiyone's jaw DROPPED. She knew Raven and Mihoshi had falled head over heals 
for eachother, but this is something she never expected. She thought of how 
hard it would be, living with the fact that she was related to that 
bubblehead. She tried to speak, but was interupted by Mihoshi saying "Of 
couse, this means I won't be going back with you guys.", this lifted Kiyone's 
spirits. She'd, for a time, be rid of her partner. But it also hurt her, she 
didn't want to lose Mihoshi, no matter how annoying she could be.

Kiyone found it hard to say it, but she managed to squeek out 
"Congratulations..", even though she knew her in her heart that she didn't 
fully mean it....
******************************************************************************
*****
Well, now ends part 8. If you're asking why the characters have changed so 
much, it's because it was evident that they would someday. I can see it in 
the series, that these characters might one day change into something that 
you would never think. Blame Raven and his friends, blame American youth 
culture, blame me....

But they needed the change anyway.

 I might be leaving alot out in this storyline lately, but thats because I'm 
over excited about the next storyline hinted at in part 6. Yes, "NNFJ" will 
end. After "Part 9; Excess Baggage" I'm ending this story. But by no means 
will Raven and his friends go quietly into the night. They're gonna be back 
with a vengance in the continuation, "Old Foe, New Foe".