Ohayo Tenchi!
   Hey, guess what? I dont own these characters! Dont sue me! Im not gonna make 
money! Oh yeah, but I do own copyright to my works, so all of you that like 
plagarism forget it. I spent awhile figuring out my plot and makin sure its 
original, and you guys can too. 
       Author's Inane Ramblings: So, Tenchi finally picked. About time, if I do 
say so. Aeka fans, she wont get bashed anymore so dont get upset. Also, I know 
Mihoshi, Kiyone, and Ryo-oki havent been used much in this series so far. Sorry 
about that, I was kinda busy with getting the foundation down for the fic. 
Anyway, this episode is going to be a break from the emotional stuff from last 
episode. Btw, Email me with comments! I will write faster (is that possible?) 
and better if you email me! Just saying I read it would be good! I need to know 
if people are reading these. If lots of people like it, I might write a whole 
other continuation SERIES after im done with this one. Series meaning 12-24 fics 
about the same size has mine have been so far. Now, enough rambles, time to 
start the show!

  No Need for Halloween!
 The woods around the Masaki house are dead still except for small implike 
creatures making their way to the Masaki household to fulfill their unholy task 
of.....lobbing rotten eggs and toilet paper at the shrine! Who will stop these 
juvenile dilenquents?
 
 "C'mon c'mon! Your gonna get us caught!" Boshu whispered to his fellow 
comrades. In another minute, they had reached their rendavouz point where they 
would meet with their sempai (trans: older classmates). The young group was to 
prove their worth to the older gang in order to be accepted into their group. 
  
"What took you little rats so long?!? Whatever, now did you bring the ammo?" the 
leader of the older group demanded, he had been clearly sniffing something while 
he was waiting...
   
"Yagato held us back because his Mommm wouldn't let him out until he got into 
his gay costume." Boshu explained.
   
"Hey back off before I beat your ass you peice of kuso (shit)!" a larger boy in 
a bunny costume shouted. A few more jibs and jeers were passed, and the boys got 
down to business. Unfortunetely, they were not alone in the woods....
  
 "Stop right there! This is galaxy police!" Kiyone shouted as she jumped out 
from her hiding place in a nearby treetop. She reached into her pocket and 
pulled out a small yo-yo like object. "So you guys like playing with toys?" she 
said as the threw the yoyo into the midst of the group. A loud whirring noise 
erupted from the small object and a lasso made of pure energy surrounded the 
boys. The lasso tightened around them and Kiyone laughed evilly. "Do you know 
what I do to little boys who go around egging shrines?" she grinned at them and 
grabbed hold of the end of the lasso. She dragged it up over the branch of a 
nearby tree and the boys gagged as they were lifted up off the ground. "Ok 
Mihoshi! SOAK 'EM!" Kiyone shouted has she began pelting the boys with their own 
eggs.
    
 "Naughty boys! Grampa works hard to keep the shrine clean for visitors!" 
Mihoshi shouted has she hosed 'em down. When they were dripping wet, Kiyone and 
Mihoshi disappeared back into the house. 
    
 "How long do you think we should leave them out their Kiyone? I thought that 
one in the bunny costume was cute!" Mihoshi asked, grinning.
    
 "Atleast a few hours, they have to dry don't they?" Kiyone answered. With that 
they both began laughing evilly. Nobuyuki, who had been listening in like the 
peeping tom he is, just shrugged and went back to watching his "documentaries".
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------
      In the kitchen, several shadowy figures huddled around a large, black top 
hat. "Now, the haunted shrine duty goes to....." one of them spoke. He drew a 
small peice of paper out of the hat.
    
  "Aeka!" Tenchi said suddenly.
      
"Oh yay, I get to spend the night with bratty kids.." Aeka said, sounding 
disapointed.
     
 "Sorry Aeka, but that's how it goes. Now, the duty of taking Sasami around for 
trick or treating goes to......huh? Hey I guess I'm taking you around Sasami!" 
Tenchi said. <Yes! No candy duty! Booyah!> he thought happily.
    
  "Now, candy duty goes to....Ryoko!" he said. "Sorry Ryoko." he said a little 
depressed. He was hoping someone else would get it so he could show Ryoko around 
a little bit. <Oh well, maybe later...> he thought.
     
 "Don't be upset Tenchi! What could be a better job then sitting around the 
house all night eating candy" she started, but saw the disapproving look on his 
face. "I mean oh it's ok Tenchi somehow I'll manage.." she said with mock 
depression. She gave him a wink. "Don't worry, I'll stay away from the 
sake...atleast until you get home" she whispered to him and grinned. Sasami 
figured it would be a good idea if she left the room, and did. Aeka saw Sasami 
motioning from around the corner.       

 "Aeka get over here!" she whispered harshly. Aeka looked over at Tenchi and 
Ryoko and got the idea, and reluctantly left the room. 
     
 Tenchi grinned "Well, I'm going to be back with Sasami relatively early tonight 
I suppose, she will probably be tired by 8:30 or so." his grin widened "Maybe 
when I get back we can..um...go on a...."
     
  "Date? Really Tenchi??" Ryoko replied and glomped him. Tenchi smiled <Wow, she 
has a way with words...>.
     
  "Sure I promise. It's going to be a surprise though so be ready by the time I 
get back." He gave her a quick kiss on the cheek. <Hey did I just kiss Ryoko? I 
did...!> he thought. She was surprised has he was, she blushed a little bit when 
he smiled back at her. He still wasn't used to what happened the week before up 
in his room. Still, she was right about peace and quiet. There had hardly been 
any fights between Aeka and Ryoko, although Tenchi could plainly see it still 
troubled her to see him and Ryoko together. While she didn't go crazy and try to 
kill Ryoko like before, he still did feel a pang of guilt everytime he saw the 
depressed look on her face. <Don't think about it Tenchi...it had to happen 
sometime and one of them was going to feel pain..you had to chose someday..> he 
thought sadly. 
    
  Ryoko saw his troubled expression and asked "What's wrong, my Tenchi..? 
Something bothering you?" 
    
   Tenchi smiled at her and held her closer. "No, nothing's wrong...I'm just not 
used to the peace and quiet around here, that's all. Try not to eat all the 
candy while I'm gone? I'm sure Sasami will bring plenty back" he grinned. 
Suddenly, the doorbell rang, interupting their moment. 
    
   "Can anyone get that?" Ryoko called out, annoyed. "Oh well...duty calls..." 
she said dully. She didn't want to leave his arms, but whoever was at the door 
was getting impatient and was ringing it over and over. <Damn brats..> Ryoko 
sighed and gave Tenchi a quick kiss before fazing out. 
     
   Tenchi sighed and headed into the kitchen. Much to his surprise, he found 
Washu, Sasami, AND Ryo-oki with their ears to the wall. "Umm....girls? cabbits?" 
Tenchi said, a little embrassed. They all fell over backwards.
     
 "Tenchi! We werent doing anything!" Washu lied, sweatdrop forming.
     
  "Miya Miya!" Ryo-oki agreed
   
    "Yeah! Anyway, is it ok with you if Washu tags along?" Sasami asked.
     
 "Well...yeah I guess...but aren't you a little old to be trick or treating 
Washu?"
    
   "Washu is, but Little Washu's not!" she said in her cutesy voice. Tenchi 
sweatdropped.
    
   "Well than, let's get going I have to get home pretty quickly...."
     
   "We know!" Washu and Sasami both said in sing-song voices. Ryo-oki miya'd 
loudly. Tenchi sweatdropped again <Oh boy here we go...>.
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
---
    Aeka was having a much better time at the haunted house then expected. 
<Making these little brats give me their money is very entertaining!> she 
thought has the next victim-err costumer stepped up.
  
  "Hey I'd like to go through this haunted house..." A short kid said to Aeka, 
noticing the two giant logs in his way. "How do I get in?" he asked.
   
  "You don't. Can't you read? No kids or short teenagers allowed! I need some 
I.D. bub!" Aeka shouted waving her arms. 
  
   "Hey! Don't get upset lady!!" the boy said and walked away. Aeka grinned 
fiendishly when a whole group of kids began their way up the steps to the 
shrine. <Here comes a chance to make some money!> she thought evilly.
    
  "Hey you kids? I suppose you want to go into the haunted house? It's ten 
dollars!" Aeka said to them grinning.
    
  "Cash please...." Kamidake said, turning around to face the kids in his mafia 
outfit. They all gasped.
      
 "Or else...." Azaka said, floating towards the kids menacingly. The kids ran 
and tumbled down the steps with two floating logs not far behind. Aeka grabbed 
some candy corn she'd been stashing and munched on them happily has she watched 
the show Azaka and Kamidake were putting on for her. "Can't beat this for 
amusement!" Aeka said through a mouthful of candy.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------
       "Trick or treat!" Sasami and Washu said  voices so cute it would make you 
want to puke.
     
  "Oh my god! Aren't you two cutest things I've ever seen! Would you like some 
candy, little girls?" A middle aged woman asked kindly
    
   "Yes please!" Sasami gave the women the biggest smile anyone had ever seen.
       
"Your so cute! Have the whole bowl!!" the woman shouted dumping the whole bowl 
of candy into Sasami and Washu's waiting pillow cases. The door shut and Sasami 
and the pint sized scientist ran back to Tenchi. They tossed Tenchi the pillow 
bags filled to the brim with all kinds of candy. 
      
 "Agh...Sasami...Washu...can..we..PLEASE....go home now...." Tenchi asked. "I 
think 500 pounds of candy is too much!" he said, his knees buckling under the 
massive weight of all the stuffed pillowcases he was holding.
    
   "Nonsense Tenchi! We still have another block to go!" Washu said grinning
    
   "Well...cmon Tenchi I think we've got enough..." Sasami said. "Let's give him 
a break Washu, remember he *has* to be home tonight" she added slyly.
    
   "Ohhhhhh! Right! Well, you two head home, I'm going to get a little more..." 
Washu said and headed off with another three pillowbags.
     
  "Ok....bye...Little...Washu...." Tenchi gasped has he wobbled behind Sasami.
       
  15 minutes later, Washu was hefting all three fully loaded bags over her 
shoulder. <That was easy! Now to get home and eat it all!> she thought happily. 
<Sometimes simple things such has this could bring great fun>...but her fun was 
about to be interupted.
     
  "Hey kid! Give me your damn candy!" A large teenaged boy shouted has he lifted 
Washu up by her collar. "Or else!" Washu grinned.
     
  "You wouldn't hurt a cute little kid like me would you?" she said innocently. 
With a quick movement she had wrenched herself out of the bully's grasp and 
summoned her spectral computer. "Now you brat, would you like to be a rat or a 
water sprite?" she asked, still smiling demonically. The bully charged. "I'd 
take that has a water-sprite!" The boy was surrounded by strange energy and was 
mutated into a cicadas. "Now I have a new pet!" Washu cackled demonically has 
the little creature ran about panicking. <It will wear off in an hour or 
so...that's plenty time for him to think why its not a good idea to pick on the 
greatest scientific genius in the universe!> she thought and began her walk 
home.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------
DING-DONG! The door bell chimed. Ryoko grunted and reluctantly answered it. 
"Whadya want?" she sneered. She opened the door to find a group of teenagers 
with open bags (AN: Don't ask yet.) Ryoko facevaulted when she saw how they were 
dressed...
 
  "Give us candy. Why the hell do you think we're dressed up like this lady?" 
one of the obnoxious teenagers, snarled. They were all dressed up has characters 
from one particular TV show Ryoko found incredibly irritating, Sailor Moon. 
"Give us candy or I'll punish you in the name of the moon!" The head teen 
snarled.
  
  "Well now aren't you pushy? Guess what little girls, your costumes suck! How 
uninspired! You don't deserve any candy. Here, have a raddish...." Ryoko snarled 
back and grinned ferally. She slammed the door on them <Well, that takes care of 
that> she thought and burst into fits of laughing. After recovering from the 
little incident, she resumed watching the clock and waiting for her Tenchi to 
return home. <A date! I wonder what he had in mind? Maybe a romantic dinner 
under the stars? Nah, thats not Tenchi...> She sighed and pondered the 
possibilities. 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
   The streaks that were stars resumed to just simple twinkling dots has Ken-
ohki fell out of subspace and into the Sol System.
 "Ken-ohki! To Earth now!" a familiar voice commanded.....<Now it's time 
Ryoko....first I will take your man and then, you both will be mine.....> the 
figure thought evilly.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Tenchi gasped and sank to the ground puffing and wheezing. He'd made it 
home with all the candy Sasami had collected. He'd estimated about 600 pounds 
total..<Talk about a dentist's worst nightmare...> he thought has he stumbled 
into the house. No sooner had he entered the house had Ryoko glomped him, 
causing all the candy he'd been candy to drop all over the floor and onto an 
unfortunate cabbit. "Tenchi!"  
     
 "Meow!" Ryo-oki mewed angrily has it scampered into the kitchen.
    
  "Come back Ryo-oki!" Sasami said chasing the cabbit out of the room.
      
  Ryoko smiled at Tenchi. "You ready for our date..?" she asked hopefully.
     
   "Oh! I completely forgot! Sorry Ryoko, but I can't tonight...I'm really 
tired.....sorry..." he said sadly "Carrying around all that candy took it out of 
me..." He sighed. 
    
   "But..you promised!" Ryoko pleaded.
   
    "Ryoko please..."
    
   "But Tenchi...." she whined
     
   "Listen! I really can't! I just want to rest for awhile if that's ok with 
you!?" he said angrily. Ryoko was taken aback. She whimpered a little bit and 
fazed out of the room leaving a bewildered Tenchi standing alone. "I'm sorry..." 
he trailed off. <Why was I so hard on her? I must really be out of it...> he 
thought sorrowfully. <I guess I'll apologize in the morning....>. He was about 
to head upstairs when Sasami cut him off. 
    
   "We're sorry Tenchi! We shouldn't have made you carry around all that 
candy..." Sasami said sadly ".....but to make it up you can have a SweetTart!" 
She smiled at him. He didn't smile back. He just continued to trudge upstairs 
into his room. <Maybe I'll find her astral form in my sleep....maybe...> He 
shrugged off his coat and fell asleep. Unknown to Tenchi, he was being watched 
from outside his window..
    
   "The time has come" Nagi stated has she climbed into Tenchi's room. She left 
a small folded note on his bed. "Now Ken-ohki! Let's go!" she said, picking up 
the sleeping boy. <Bye Bye Ryoko..your time has finally come...> she thought has 
she sped of in the Ken-ohki.
  
    Ryo-oki sat atop the roof, watching the kidnapping. When she saw the Ken-
ohki zip away she hurried away to find Ryoko....
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------
        Ryoko sat up in the rafters, pondering. <I shouldn't have been so 
demanding of him...I ruined the whole night...this is just GREAT!> she thought 
frustratedly. She slammed her fist into the roof. 
        
 "Miya! Miya MIYA!" Ryo-oki mewed frantically. She dropped the note she'd taken 
from Tenchi's bed into Ryoko's hand. Ryoko stared in disbelief and shock has she 
read the note..
         
 "Ryoko, I've got your man. If you ever want to see him, come to planet Syrus. 
We will fight to the death. If I defeat you, the boy dies too. Better hurry 
before I decide the boy isn't worth the trouble...". Ryoko's hand trembled. She 
burned the note up with a quick energy blast. 
"Come Ryo-oki...no more running from Nagi.." Ryoko said listlessly has she 
materialized into her battle suit. <You will pay Nagi......>

Author's Notes: Well, that episode was alot shorter then the rest huh? I tried 
to make the begining more comedic and include more action on the other 
characters. Comments? Flames? Whatever? Send em to me at Tenchi316@aol.com...by 
the way, these are supposedly getting better has I write them (friends comments)  
SCROLL DOWN FOR NEXT EPISODE!!!
    
---------~-~-~-~-
Author's Inane Ramblings: Well now I'm surprised your still reading these! LOL! 
Anyway I hope last episode was good, I'm still gettin used to writing (my first 
fics i've ever posted publically...) The fighting sequences might take place in 
a P.O.V. thing, I never have wrote anything that consists mainly of fighting. 
Well, let's see how this little experiment goes.....