"No Need for Proposal" Ohayo Ryoko Part 2

Place: Ova universe
Time: Fall of the same year
 

Tenchi walks down the stairs yawning. He smells breakfast and walks into
the kitchen to see what’s cooking. "Good morning, Sasami-cha- Oop!"

"Tenchi!" Ryoko hugs him excessively hard lifting him partway off the
ground. "Good morning honey! Did you sleep well?"

"Yes."

"Then you weren’t lonely?"

"Ryoko!" he looks at Sasami, who is very confused. "Nothing, Just forget
about it." *sweat drop on Sasami* "Let’s talk outside."

They walk out to the ‘porch’ in front of the shed. "What is it? I’m
sorry about that, it just slipped out."

"That’s not what I really wanted to talk to you about."

"Then what?"

"*sigh * We had both agreed what happened was a mistake, right?"

"Yes… Tenchi, what are you saying?" She said with tears in her eyes.

"No! I was just making sure I knew where we stood. I didn’t want to
continue without knowing that."

"Then what is it?" she said still worried.

"I just wanted to give you this…"

#######################################################################

Ryoko walks into the living room crying, just as Aeka comes down the
stairs, "Maybe Tenchi finally dumped that monster!" she thinks happily.

"What is it Ryoko?" a poor imitation of concern.

No answer.

"Couldn’t seduce him twice?"

Ryoko turns angrily then softens, "I won’t ever…*sniff *"

Aeka brightens as she thinks: "He did dump her! I knew it wouldn’t
last." then she notices the smile on Ryoko’s face and the small box in
her hand. "What is that?"

"Look for yourself." She tosses the box towards her.

Aeka, unaccustomed to catching can’t control the small box and has to
pick it up off the floor behind her. She opens it revealing…an empty
ring box. "Huh?"

"Look." says Ryoko, holding up her hand, decorated by a small diamond
ring.

*Thud * The sound of a fainting princess.

#######################################################################

Tenchi had helped Aeka onto the sofa despite Ryoko's protest. She had
just woken up when Washu decided to come out of the lab.
"Tenchi-tono...What happened to her?"

"Oh nothing, just a little reality check." said Ryoko with a grin.

"What?"

"Look."

*Whump* The sound of a fainting genius scientist.

Once everyone was conscious they got up to eat, and they signaled
Mihoshi that breakfast was ready. She found her way to the dining room
just in time for the last piece of fish to get cold. "Ala, ala. What's
for breakfast?"

"Cold fish." said the starving scientist.

"When they had finished eating and were heading off to do their chores
Mihoshi noticed Ryoko's ring. "Ryoko-san, what's that?"

"Look." She said with a smile.

"Ala... That's quite pretty." *sweat drop on Ryoko*

"Do you know what kind of ring this is?!"

"Glass?" *Ryoko face falls*

"EXCUSE ME? This is an engagement ring."

"Oh... But aren't those supposed to be diamonds?" *sweat drop on Ryoko*

"This is a diamond."

"Oh, I see. Then who's the lucky guy?"

*Hair frizzes*

#######################################################################

Tenchi walks up the stairs toward the shrine to both do his chores and
even more to tell his grandfather of this most recent development. 

"Grampa?" He says meekly as he enters the shrine. "Grampa."

"What is it? I'm rather busy right now." He says as he pushes shoujo
manga under his poetry.

"I'm sorry, but this is pretty important."

"What? Is something broken again?"

"No I... proposed to Ryoko..."

"Really? Have you set a date?" *sweat drop on Tenchi*

"Well, I was thinking maybe we should do it on the day we met."

"Which one?"

"Huh?"

"In the cave or at school?"

"Well, the cave I suppose...Why?"

"Because that only leaves us three weeks to prepare."

*sweat drop on Tenchi*

"So, have you two set a date Ryoko-chan?"

"Not really, I think he want's to do it the day we met. He's such a
sweetheart. Hey, that makes you his Mother-in-law! Maybe you'll act more
like a mother now. Huh, Mom?" No response. "Mom? Hey!"

Ryoko turns a crying Washu from her console. "I'm sorry, this is so
embarrassing. I'm not even sure why I'm crying, losing Tenchi to you or
you calling me Mom. It's pretty confusing, really, I don't know whether
to be proud of you and happy for you or jealous and not even speak to
you." after a short but uncomfortable pause she extends her arms and
says, "Come here and give mother a hug."

"Thank you. I really did want your blessing on this. Mom."

#######################################################################

"Onee-sama! Come out! We need you for the rehearsal!"

"I refuse to participate in this farce! I will remain in here until
Tenchi comes to his senses."

"But other people need to use the bathroom too…"

#######################################################################

"It’s mine!"

"No, mine"

"Mine!!"

"Ala…"

"Why does she get the bouquet?" *sweat drops all around*

#######################################################################

"MIA, MIA, MIA!" Ryooki Flies into the distance

"Where did they say they were going?"

"Hmm… Oh, yeah! They said they were going to Jurai, to ask your parents
about a place to spend their honeymoon." squealed the bubble-headed
policewoman.

*all but Mihoshi face fall*

#######################################################################

 

Well here’s the second installment of my series of undetermined length.
I added special effects (in the *s) in this chapter, and it has a bit
less substance... So, tell me what you think! I am, as always, Ongaku
Muyo! 

I appreciate criticism, compliments or money, so gimme a ring!
Ongakumuyo@fcmail.com or the link above. Love Ya!