THE PEOPLE'S PRINCE
Part IV:

Identity Crisis
&
Secrets

Disclaimer: The characters of Tenchi Muyo Belong to their respective
owners.


<><><><><><><><><><><><><>

The day Tenchi was born, his father made him a promise. On the day his
mother was taken from them both, his father reiterated and strengthened
that promise. The promise was this: No matter what may happen, no matter
what he or Tenchi may become, no matter what anyone may try, Noboyuki
would always be there for his son. Noboyuki meant every word of it to
the core of his being.

Noboyuki would die for his son.

He very well may die for his son...

"I will ask you again," Aeka said, her voices rising in volume. "Where
is Lord Tenchi?! Why hasn't he come home yet? I *command* you to
answer!"

Noboyuki squinted his eyes trying to make out who was speaking to him.
The bright white light burned into his retinas. The rivers of salty
sweat, which poured down his face and stung at his eyes, made the task
all the more difficult. But he wouldn't break. He had made a promise and
intended to keep it.

<><><><><>
Earlier, this morning.

Tenchi was watching Washu play with Mayuka, when something out of the
corner of his eye caught his attention.

"Dad..."

Noboyuki gave his son a thumbs up, while he continued to record the
three from the archway of the kitchen.

"WASHU!!!"

All eyes turned to Ryoko, who just appeared at the bottom of the
stairway. She looked none too pleased.

"WHAT do you think you're doing, Washu?"

"NOT in front Mayuka, Ryoko. Washu could watch Mayuka for a  second? I
want to talk to Dad," Tenchi asked standing up from the couch.

"Sure thing, Tenchi!"

Tenchi gave one last look to Washu, Ryoko, and Mayuka before walking
over to where his father stood recording the scene. Noboyuki saw the
rather serious look on his son face and tried to defuse the situation.

"Now, now Tenchi, I know you don't like it when I sneak up on you with
the camcorder, but..."

Tenchi shook his head and waved a hand dismissively, "That's not what I
wanted to talk to you about, Dad." Tenchi took another nervous look back
towards the couch. Washu seemed to be having fun at Ryoko's expense.
Feeling that they weren't being eavesdropped on, Tenchi continued. "Dad,
I was wondering if you could watch Mayuka for me tonight?"

"I don't see why not, but why don't you ask one of the girls? I'm sure
they would be more than happy to watch her for you," Noboyuki smiled,
elbowing Tenchi in the ribs.

"I'm sure they would," Tenchi's eyes turned away from his father. "But
they would also ask me why."

Noboyuki took note of his son's slumped demeanor and became somewhat
concerned. At times he would forget just how differently, he and his son
saw things. Tenchi was much more like his mother than his father. They
were both the serious type and wanted to be in control; needed
stability. When they were in control, they were fine. In fact both
Tenchi and his mother were rather mischievous in their natures at times.
When they didn't have it, when they felt they were losing control, they
tended to turn inward on themselves. While Noboyuki may have felt that
the house full of women was exciting and fun, it may just be that Tenchi
felt more alone now then ever.

"Why *do* you need me to watch Mayuka, son?" Noboyuki asked in a somber
voice.

There was a long pause before he answered, as Tenchi tried to put into
words what it was he was feeling. Finally, letting out a protracted
sigh, Tenchi spoke.

"Before all this started, before I knew about Ryoko in the cave, before
meeting Aeka and learning of Jurai, before Kagato, before Light Hawk
Wings, before Mayuka, before Yuzuha..." he paused, partly ashamed,
partly confused, partly angry, all of it directed toward himself.
"Before all of that," another sigh, "I was Tenchi Masaki, 16 year old
high school student. A normal guy, whose main concerns were college and
getting girls to smile at him."

Noboyuki gave a wan smile at that and listened intently to his son. They
rarely spoke to each other about their feelings, a task that was
difficult for all fathers and sons.

"Who am I now? Am I some lost prince? A savior? A father? I have all
these people telling me who I should be... who *they* want me to be.  I
am pushed by events that I have no control over and given
responsibilities I didn't ask for. I didn't ask for any of this!"

Noboyuki thought about that, and wondered what it would be like to be in
his son's shoes. He found he couldn't imagine it.

"There are times when... when I just want it all to go away."

Noboyuki's face took on an expression of disappointment, which was not
lost on Tenchi. "Would you like them to leave, Tenchi? If that's what
you want, I'll..."

"No, no, I don't want her... I don't want them to leave," Tenchi
corrected himself.

'Her?' Noboyuki thought, raising an eyebrow.

"I don't know what it is I want," Tenchi said getting back on topic.
"Right now, I just need a break. I called some of my old friends from
when we lived in the city. I thought that I might hang out tonight, try
being a seventeen-year-old. Maybe try and get a few Earth-girls to smile
at me," he finished with a nervous laugh scratching the back of his
head.

Noboyuki smiled. 'So that was it, he's feeling cooped up. He just wants
to spread his wings a little and get out from under the microscope.'

"Of course son, you take all the time you need. I'll run cover for you!"
Noboyuki said, scooping his son up in a monstrous hug, nodding his head
rapidly. "I won't tell *HER*, where you've gone. You need to explore the
field before making any commitments, shop around," he finished with a
wink.

Tenchi looked at his father sidelong, wondering just what it was his
father was thinking.

"So, you'll watch Mayuka for me?"

"Absolutely, and I will not tell a soul where you've gone," Noboyuki
promised.

"Thanks, Dad"

<><><><><>

'I won't tell a soul'

Noboyuki strained against his bindings for a moment, and smiled slightly
as he felt them loosen. His relief was short lived however, as Aeka
quickly secured the ropes to his chair tighter than they were before As
she stepped in front of the light, her silhouette caused a shiver to run
down his spine.

'Is that a whip?' he asked himself. He quickly slew the thought as a
product of his stressed condition. Idly he wondered how many hours had
passed since his inquisition began. Judging by the dryness of his mouth
and throat, he guessed several.

"Wa... water... water," his parched voice cracked.

A glass of ice cold water was thrown in his face.

Noboyuki's head snapped back from the shock. He blinked his eyes
repeatedly, trying to clear his vision. Opening his mouth he attempted
to get some of the chilled water.

"Would you like anything else?" Aeka asked politely.

"Uh, no."

"Then perhaps now you will answer. Where has Lord Tenchi gone? Why will
he not be home this evening? And what did you mean by his becoming 'A
MAN'? SPEAK!"

Noboyuki shook his head in answer, his eyes shut tightly. 'Do your
worst. I will not betray my son's trust.'

It was then that he felt a soft hand placed on his cheek, while another
gently wiped the sweat from his brow. A voice, sounding just as much as
like silk to his ears as her skin felt to his face, spoke out in his
defense.

"Now, now Aeka, that's no way to speak to the person who has welcomed us
into his home, and cared for us all this time... much less your nephew,"
Ryoko said prodding Aeka.

Noboyuki could feel Aeka getting angry.

Katsuhito eyed the whole scene with a quiet respect. 'The old good
princess, bad princess routine. A common and basic technique, but when
executed with the precision and timing of these two...'

"Hmmm," he mouthed sagely.

Aeka turned on him. "Don't look so smug, brother. If Mr. Masaki can not
tell me what I wish to hear, I will be forced to retrieve the answers
from you."

The great Yosho stiffened in his chair and redoubled his efforts to free
his roped hands. Aeka turned her attention back to Noboyuki.

"Well, Mr. Masaki?"

"Come on," Ryoko glided her hand from one side of his face to the other.
"Tell your Auntie where Tenchi is."

"RYOKO!"

Noboyuki shook his head rapidly, "No, no, please don't get angry. I
think of all of you girls as my daughters. There... there's no need for
violence." Noboyuki couldn't see because of the light in his eyes, but
what he said had a noticeable effect on both girls.

Katsuhito nodded his head at his son-in-law's brilliant counter. A
full-blooded Jurian couldn't have done any better.

Finally, Noboyuki was able to open his eyes, as the bright light that
had been blinding him was turned off. Slowly his vision returned and he
was greeted with the sight of Ryoko sitting on her knees before him,
unshed tears in her eyes.

"Thank you for what you said," Ryoko smiled and placed a hand on
Noboyuki's knee, her gaze directed away from him. Noboyuki next felt the
ropes about his hands and chest loosen, then fall. Demurely, Aeka wiping
a single tear from her eye came from behind his chair. Looking towards
the floor, she too knelt down and placed a hand on Noboyuki's knee.

"I too thank you for your words, and I am deeply sorry for how I behaved
just now..." her voice sounded nothing like the authoritarian of just
moments ago, but rivaled Ryoko's in it gentleness.

Yosho raised an eyebrow at the change in tactic.

Noboyuki patted both girls' hands reassuringly and smiled warmly,
although both girls' faces were turned away from him.

"No need to feel sorry. I understand that you're both just worried about
Tenchi, but when he..."

"Tenchi," both girls chimed at the mention of his name, cutting Noboyuki
off.

"Huh?" Noboyuki blinked.

Simultaneously, both girls quickly directed gazes at Noboyuki. Watery
eyes, almost bursting with tears, cut into him.

"Dad.
"Father."

Noboyuki gulped.

Katsuhito looked pitifully at his now doomed son-in-law.
'These girls are good.'

"Where's Tenchiiiii??? Why isn't he *hooomeee*" and the deluge of tears
began.

'Damn good!' Yosho could practically see Noboyuki's resolve crack and
spine wilt. They had done it in just under ten minutes too. He wondered
how Tenchi would fair under such a combined assault.


<><><><><><><><><><><><><>

The Tokyo bar, "Club 69"

'This was a mistake. I don't belong here,' Tenchi thought dejectedly to
himself.

Everything had started out well enough. When he had called his old
friends to ask what they were doing tonight, to say they were in shock
to hear from him was an understatement. It had been months since they
had done anything together. Tenchi usually rushed straight home after
school. Had to run home to his 'secret wife', his friends would joke.

For such a special occasion, the group of teenagers decided to try and
get into a bar for a little celebration. Tenchi put up a slight protest,
but quickly recanted. Things went quickly downhill from there. They
succeeded in getting in and Tenchi's friends immediately began to enjoy
themselves, mingling, dancing and having the occasional drink. Tenchi
was the exception. Despite the lively atmosphere, he sat brooding in a
corner, too shy to mingle, too afraid to dance, too restrained to drink.
His friends tried their best to coax Tenchi to relax, but the efforts
were in vain. They quickly tired of the chore, and left him in his
corner, alone nursing a soda.

"I should just go home. I don't know what I was thinking anyway," he
said before finishing off his drink. He stood and retrieved his brown
jacket from behind the chair, and the gym bag with his school uniform
from beneath the table. He paid his tab and somberly made his way to the
exit. He stopped, looking at his reflected image in the door. He was
wearing blue jeans, a simple white T-shirt and a brown jacket. He
scratched the back of his head and for the thousandth time wondered who
it was he was looking at.

"I used to have a personality," he said dryly.

Shaking his head, he reached out for the door when a quiet voice from
behind asked him.

"Leaving so soon?"

<><><><><><><>

"What do you mean, Lord Tenchi needed time alone?" Aeka asked somewhat
confused. He already spent too much of his time alone, in her opinion.
If not tending the field, then in his room, and if not in his room, then
practicing the sword. Why should he need to spend the evening away from
her in town?

The extended Masaki family, save for Tenchi and Mihoshi, sat drinking
tea in the living room. Sasami, having finished cleaning up after
dinner, sat holding Mayuka between Ryoko and Aeka on the couch. Washu
having come out of her lab, was brought up to speed on the situation and
leaned against the back of the couch behind Ryoko. Noboyuki and
Katsuhito sat in chairs on either side of the couch. Noboyuki tried to
his best to relay the context of his conversation with his son minus a
few details he felt Tenchi didn't want them to know.

"In other words, he wanted away from us," Ryoko said her voice a mixture
of anger and sadness.

"Ryoko, don't jumped to conclusions," Washu comforted, putting a hand on
Ryoko's shoulder. Although, Washu admitted to herself, that was the
conclusion she had drawn as well.

Ryoko shirked off the hand, "What the hell else am I supposed to
think?!" She said fiercely.

Aeka sat quietly on the couch; not being able to help but think that
she'd been abandoned again.

Noboyuki looked at the two worriedly. He understood where Tenchi
seemingly didn't, how deeply these two at least, desired and needed him.
He could also see how much hurt there would be if he rejected them.
While his mind raced to find the words to allay their fears, his eyes
searched the room for support. Katsuhito too seemed lost in thought.
Sasami alternated worried looks between her sister and Ryoko, while
Mayuka's mood seemed to darken with each passing second without her
father. The look on Washu's face was hard to place, but Noboyuki began
to wonder if it was just Aeka and Ryoko he should be concerned for.

"I think... I know that Tenchi cares for each of you girls very deeply.
It might be difficult for you to tell, but you really haven't know him
that long," Noboyuki said looking at each woman in turn. "He doesn't
make friends very easily, because he," he said disjointedly trying to
explain his son. "And the Tenchi you've seen is only part of who he is.
I'm mean, he's not as bore... aloof, and uptight as he sometimes comes
across. He is just trying to make sense out of the changes in his life,"
he finished afraid that he confused them more than he had helped them.
"If you had known him growing up, seen him as a child, you'd know what I
mean. You just have to give him a little time."

Ryoko raised her head at that. 'Tenchi *was* a rather mischievous
child,' she smiled in recollection. It was side he rarely showed now.
Was it still there?

"What my son is trying to say is that Tenchi is coming to terms with
himself. The age he is now is a difficult one for all Terrans. It is a
time when they begin to seek a direction in their lives..." Katsuhito
offered. "...Determine who they are."

Each girl pondered the new information and relaxed somewhat, until
something Noboyuki said returned to Aeka.

"If Lord Tenchi wishes for time alone to ponder his future (with me)
then I understand, but what did you mean when you said 'becomes a man'?"

"Uh, well..."

"It is also a time when young men sow their wild oats," Katsuhito again
aided with a smile. He got up from his chair and left the room; happy
with the training he had just prepared for Tenchi.

"WHAT?!" two voices shouted out together.

<><><><><><><><><>

Tenchi turned around to see a young girl about his age with short black
hair and green eyes. She was wearing the exact same outfit as he was
except she wore no jacket and her T-shirt had a lower set collar and
shorter sleeves. He had noticed her before sitting alone at a table much
like he had been doing, but what he hadn't noticed was the attention she
had been giving him the entire time.

"Uh, Hi."

"Hi, not your type of place?" she asked indicating their surroundings.

"Not really."

"My name's Sakuya. What's yours?" she motioned Tenchi to a nearby booth
and sat down.

Tenchi really didn't feel like staying, but felt it would be rude to
just walk out. He removed his jacket and sat down across from her.
"Tenchi, my name's Tenchi."

"Cool name, Tenchi" she smiled, pulling out all the stops. "Do you live
around here? I haven't seen you around. Are you in school?" Her eyes
never left his, which made him somewhat uncomfortable.

"Heh, you sure ask a lot of questions," he said with a laugh.

She blushed, and cast her eyes down for a moment. "I'm just curious
about you..." she looked him in the eyes again, "...Ten-chi."

<><><><><><><><>

"SOW HIS WILD OATS! If Tenchi is going to *sow* any oats, it'll be in
*my* field," Ryoko said bolting up from the couch.

"Come now Ryoko, this is Lord Tenchi we're talking about. When has he
not been anything less than a complete gentleman," Aeka put a hand on
Ryoko's arm attempting to calm her. "I'm quite sure Lord Tenchi will
return with his chastity intact."

"Y... yeah, you're right. If I can't get Tenchi in the sack, *nobody*
can."

"Humph, Tenchi much like myself, is not ready for that relational step,"
Aeka said sipping her tea.

"That's true," Noboyuki said looking depressed. He wished Tenchi would
be a little more... randy. He got up and started to make his way to his
room. "They're right," he said aloud but talking to himself. "He's
probably on his way home as we speak." He lowered his head dejectedly,
"Of course, he does have his weaknesses," Noboyuki pondered now out of
the room, the sides of his mouth beginning to lift into a knowing grin.

"Such as?" Ryoko asked most curious, but Noboyuki had already left.
'Weaknesses?' she wondered on the edge of her seat.

Aeka pretended not to care, but her ears burned for the answer.

"What do you think he meant, Aeka?"

"I really don't care to know what he meant, Ryoko."

"Oh, not even the slightest bit curious?" Ryoko phased out and
reappeared next to the princess. She leaned in close and whispered into
Aeka's ear, " Wouldn't you like to know how to make Tenchi yours?
Wouldn't you like just a little bit of a hint? A little edge?"

"N... no, no I wouldn't," Aeka lied most unconvincingly.

"Yeah... right"

"Would you really like to know?"

All three girls nearly jumped out of their skins as they leapt off the
couch and spun on the voice that seemed to come from thin air.

"Yosho..."

"Brother, I wish you wouldn't do that."

Katsuhito laughed as he sat down on the couch. He reached out to Sasami
who was carrying his great granddaughter and took hold of Mayuka.

"Are you saying you know what he was talking about?" Ryoko asked
anxiously.

Katsuhito tickled Mayuka's chin, who was not amused. Where the Hell was
her father anyway?

"Well? Do you know or what? Huh Yosho?" Ryoko said staring pointedly at
him.

Aeka didn't speak but she stared at him as well.

For his part Katsuhito just made faces at Mayuka, who was not amused.

"Yosho..."

"Brother, *do* you know to what he was referring?"

Yosho continued to make faces at Mayuka.

*SMACK*

Mayuka was not amused.

<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

The two slowly made their way down the long stately hall to the Imperial
Throne room. The reason for their slow progress was not due to the long
hours they had spent the day before in an endless meeting of the Jurai
Royal Council. Nor was it due to their spending most of the night
discussing ways to convince a certain young man to come to Jurai so that
a certain young princess would follow and assume the throne. In fact,
the prospect of visiting Earth again had them both quite excited. No,
the reason for their slow pace was due to the small survey they were
conducting.

"Look, just because a man faints, doesn't mean that they're in love with
you."

"You are so dense. He fainted because you touched him on the shoulder."

"Misaki please, Chef Secur obviously was not feeling well. His face had
been flush and he was perspiring all over the place."

Misaki squinted her eyes and looked sidelong at Funaho, but didn't say a
word. They continued down the hall until they reached a sentry who was
standing guard. They both stopped, and stood on either side of the young
man, about a half a foot away. The guard did his best to remain at
attention while the two queens stared at him.

"Hello..." Misaki quickly looked at something in her palm, "...Alrieis.
How are you today?"

The young man's military bearing was quickly abandoning him. Queen
Misaki actually knew his name!

"I... I am well, my Queen," he replied as dispassionately as he could.

"Oh, good. I'm so glad to hear that," Misaki said smiling brightly at
the guard. As for the guard, he continued to look straight ahead at the
position of attention, large amounts of sweat beginning to stream down
his face. The two queens just continued to stare at him.

"Hmm, I guess not," Misaki said finally, turning her head to look at
Funaho, her expression showing slight signs of disappointment.

"Don't be too upset. You can't expect them all to be," Funaho patted her
sister on the shoulder. "We should hurry now. The Emperor wanted us to
see this surprise of his," She finished, beginning to walk down the hall
towards the throne room.

"You're right," she turned to leave also, but before doing so made one
more run at the sentry. "Bye-bye Alrieis," she said with a wink and
walked to join her sister.

The guard stood for a full thirty seconds before collapsing in a heap.

Without turning around to see what happened, Funaho placed another check
next to Misaki's name on the paper she was carrying. "That's thirty-five
for you and twenty-nine for me," she announced.

Misaki ran to catch up to her. "That's only because your not trying,"
Misaki chided.

"And I don't care to try."

"You're no fun," Misaki pouted.

Finally, they reached the elaborate doors, which led to the Royal Throne
room of planet Jurai. The doorman swung the huge doors open, bowing
deeply to the two queens. Funaho was about to enter when she felt Misaki
tug at her arm. Funaho let out an exasperated sigh and winked at the
doorman, who quickly proceeded to faint.

"Thirty," Misaki proclaimed walking into the room. Funaho followed her
in, shaking her head from side to side not looking where she was going.
She soon bumped in to Misaki, who had suddenly stopped for some reason.
She stepped around Misaki and was about to ask her what was the matter
when the reason became abundantly clear. It was all the both of them
could do to keep from joining the doorman on the floor. In all their
long years, never once did they think they would live to see this day.

The day the space pirate Ryoko would bow before Azusa, Emperor of Jurai.

<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

He almost wished it were Kagato sitting across form him in the small
booth, instead of a cute teenage girl. Almost.

'Relax, Tenchi,' he mentally told himself. 'The fate of the universe is
not at stake here. What's the worse that could happen?' He forced
himself to calm down.

"Tenchi, my names Tenchi Masaki," his voice croaked out.

"I know," Sakuya grinned at him. "You told me that already."

Tenchi gave a nervous laugh and scratched that back of his head
distractedly; maybe it was time for a new shampoo. "Heh, heh, sorry. Um,
what was I talking about?" he blushed. 'God, I'm pathetic,' he thought.

'By the Goddess, he's cute,' Sakuya thought dreamy eyed. She mentally
shook herself to get back at the job at hand. "Hmmm, You... were...
about to... tell me..." she said, her finger tapping her temple,
"...about your family in Okayama, your hopes, your dreams, your deepest
desires," they both started to laugh. "What kind of girls you like," she
looked him the eyes again.

Tenchi began to cough. Sakuya laughed some more, very glad she made the
decision to come.

"How about a drink, Tenchi? Sounds like you could use one."

Tenchi stopped coughing and cleared his throat. "Uh, yeah thanks."

Sakuya got up and started over to the bar.

"W... wait, no alcohol. Umm... see if they have tea."

"Right, tea."

A couple of the friends Tenchi had come in with watched as Sakuya made
her way to the bar with an envious eye. When she arrived they went over
to the booth where Tenchi sat nervously. Their distraction caused him to
miss the tall blonde walk into the bar and make her way to the karaoke
machine.

<><><><><><><><><><><>

Yosho rubbed his sore cheek where Mayuka had slapped him, and gave a
stern look to the smirking baby.

"Just wait 'til you're old enough to hold a bokken," he told her. He was
taken aback slightly when the little girl began to giggle.

'You'll have to get past my Daddy first,' Mayuka though dismissively.

"Damn it, Yosho. What is Tenchi's weakness?" Ryoko demanded,
interrupting the staring contest between Yosho and Mayuka.

Yosho gave one last look to the toddler, which she scoffed at before
clearing his throat and turning to address Ryoko. Aeka had taken to the
chair vacated earlier by Noboyuki and was pretending not to listen.
Sasami stood next to her.

"Do you still want to know, Aeka?" He asked his younger sister but still
looked at Ryoko.

All eyes in the room turned to Aeka, who seemed to be struggling with an
inner conflict. On the one hand, she was desperate to know. She just
couldn't risk losing Tenchi to anyone else. She just didn't think she
could handle being rejected again.

Her desire for him had nothing to do with some perceived competition
with Ryoko. It had nothing to do with his being Yosho's grandson, or
Light Hawk Wings, or what she felt she was owed. It did however have
everything to do with the hole in her heart that was no longer there.
She had crossed thousands of light years of space and centuries of cold
sleep in a desperate bid to find her love...

...And find him she did, it just wasn't the one she expected. She'd be
damned if she'd loose it again. On the other hand, was this the way to
secure it? If experience had taught Aeka anything at all concerning
affairs of the heart, it was that nothing worth anything came easy. Look
what happened with Yosho.

"No," Aeka said in a quiet voice.

"What was that Aeka?" Yosho asked.

"I said 'NO'," speaking with more confidence now. "I do not need to
manipulate Lord Tenchi in some ill-conceived attempt to win him. When
the day comes that Lord Tenchi admits his love for me, and that day will
come, it will be because of who I am and how I feel about him. I want
him to say it because he wants to. I want him to love me because he
wants to."

'Then I will know he will not leave me,' she finished to herself.

For several moments, Ryoko sat still looking at Aeka. Slowly what Aeka
said sank in and Ryoko lost some of her vigor. She quietly began to
think of her own feelings on the matter.

"Heh, Don't be too confident there, your Heinie-ness. The person Tenchi
will proclaim his undying love to will be *me* and I won't have to use
any dirty tricks to get there. My ample charms are more than enough,"
she finished puffing out her ample charms.

Aeka glared at her.

Yosho looked at the pair and smiled. "How about you Sasami? Would you
like to know Tenchi's Achilles' heel?"

"Sure, Grampa! What is it?" Sasami said excitedly, sitting on the couch
next to Yosho. What could it hurt?

Yosho adjusted Mayuka in his lap so he could lean over and whisper into
Sasami's ear. As Yosho whispered into the little girl's ear he shot
glances toward Ryoko and Aeka. Both girls were looking elsewhere, but
fidgeted in their seats. Soon Sasami's eyes were wide as saucers, not
quite believing what she was hearing.

"You're kidding, right Grampa? Tenchi would never act like that!" Sasami
looked at Yosho with disbelief.

"Oh yes he would. Most of the time, Tenchi is his mother's son, but
under specific conditions, he becomes his father's son."

Both Aeka and Ryoko turned quickly to look at Yosho upon hearing that
piece of information before turning away just as quickly.

"You mean he acts like his father does when sis' and Ryoko are in the
bath?" Sasami asked puzzled.

"Not exactly, Sasami. Lets just say he starts to act his age, becomes
far, *far* less inhibited, and tends to speak his mind more."

"Well... that's not too bad," Sasami replied after thinking about it.

"Actually, Sasami dear, it's quite the sight to see.

"So why did you call it a weakness? A lot of people act that way under
those conditions."

"Ah! But not to Tenchi's extent. It's quite a remarkable difference in
personality. You're right though, it's not really a weakness. I don't
think he would do anything he normally wouldn't at least *think* about
doing," Yosho clarified. Yosho then stood up and left the room with
Mayuka.

After he left the occupants of the room remained still for all of thirty
seconds, before Ryoko teleported closer to Sasami and Aeka nearly leapt
from her chair.

"Okay Sasami, spill it. What did the old man say?"

<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>



SECRETS


<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

Yes, Galen was definitely in Heaven. He had always prized his position as
doorman to the Imperial Throne Room. He saw her almost everyday. Greeted
her as she walked through his guarded post. Heard her melodious voice
in reply to his greetings. But never once had he expected a day like
today, a fantasy come true. He could die now. He wanted this feeling, this
sensation to be the last thing his consciousness remembered, etched
forever in his heart.

The bliss.

The rapture.

The pain.

Funaho spun on her heels to face her sister, ignoring a strange moaning
sound. Twice in so many days she had been shocked. First that Mrs. Graham
and now this.

"I think we may have stayed up too late last night. Do you see what I
see?" Funaho asked staring with disbelief evident on her face.

"Maybe," Misaki said looking at the scene unblinking. She didn't want to
say anything more than that-- in case she was delusional.

Funaho stomped her foot in a rare display of frustration.

"Ooooh..." a distinctively male voice droned.

Entirely too many events were occurring around her that she had no prior
knowledge of. Funaho was not one of those people who liked surprises. She
was absolutely sure Lord Leeber and Lord Seiryo were up to something. Plus
there was Priest Bodan's tirade to consider. Now, seemingly, her husband
had gotten Ryoko into some sort of plot and had smuggled her all the way
from Earth, without her having so much of a clue. Funaho did not like
being out of the loop. In an even rarer display of anger, she ground her
foot into the floor, which was remarkably pliable for some reason.

"Yes, my Queen... harder," a man's voice gasped.

Both Misaki and Funaho were too deep in thought to have heard the cry of
ecstasy. Still looking straight-ahead Misaki sidestepped closer to her
sister, failing to note the slight rise in height.

"B... both... at... at the same time," A near delirious voice said.

"That... that can't be Ryoko. Can it?" Misaki asked, sparing a glance to
look at Funaho, before turning back to the young woman who was just now
coming to a standing position.

Funaho shook her head in response. "Impossible, there is no way that can
be her. Not alone... not here... and not doing that."

The two queens had been so glued to the sight of what looked to be Ryoko
bowing before their husband, that they had failed to notice Director
Yakage of the Science Academy standing a little off to the side. He walked
over to the young woman, noticing Misaki and Funaho as he did so.

"My Queens, I would like to present to your Highnesses, my life's work,
Minagi."

Upon hearing her name spoken by her master, she turned to face whomever it
was he was speaking to. With a slight bow she greeted Queens Funaho and
Misaki.

"First Queen Funaho, Second Queen Misaki, it is an honor to serve you and
the Jurian Empire."

All Funaho could do was nod. Except for a few facial markings, she was the
spitting image of Ryoko. She didn't know why, but Funaho had a very bad
feeling about all of this.

"Ha! I knew it wasn't Ryoko! I *knew* it!" Misaki exclaimed jumping up and
down.

"OH... OH... *YES* *YES*... ooh, I can die now."

Both Queens' attention immediately shot to the floor, or more precisely to
the doorman they were standing on. They had totally forgotten that he had
fainted on their arrival to the throne room. They quickly stepped off his
back.

It would be days before the smile left his face.

<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

The urge to slap the person in front of her was almost overpowering and if
she had been anywhere else under different circumstances she might have
succumbed to that desire. This, however, was not the time for that, and
Galaxy Police Headquarters was definitely not the place. Besides, as a
journalist, she was used to getting the run around. Susan Graham steeled
her demeanor and glued a smile to her face.

"Are you sure you don't want a ticket to the Galaxy Police Benevolence
Ball? All the proceeds go towards charity and the Grand Marshal himself
will be in attendance this year," the young clerk asked, waving a stack of
tickets at her. He was no where near meeting his quota and the ball was
less than a week away.

"Tempting, but if I don't get this information for my boss, I doubt I'll
have the free time," Sue said with a slight sigh.

"Yeah, I know how *that* is. I don't usually work this desk. My usual beat
is Quadrant Six. You know? Over by the Oni home world? Well, anyway, last
week we get this frantic call from the daughter of the main warlord over
there, but the thing is, I didn't know who she was..."

Selective listening was a skill Susan had learned early in her career as a
journalist. She was going to have to humor this guy in order to get the
information she needed on Detective Mihoshi and what sector of space she
patrolled. She propped her chin on the clerk's desk with a hand and stared
intently into the young officer's eyes, feigning intense interest in his
tale.

"...When her old man found out I told her we had other priorities....
Let's just say, it wasn't pretty. My boss almost tore me a new one," the
officer finished and wiped some sweat off his brow from reliving the
experience.

"That does sound rough... then I guess you can see where I'm coming from."
Susan grinned.

"Sure do. What was that name again?" He asked looking to type it in to his
terminal.

"Mihoshi, Detective-First-Class Mihoshi." Susan's smile widened. 'Finally,
I'm getting somewhere.'

"Mihoshi? You know that name sounds familiar. I don't know too many people
'cause I just graduated from the academy three months ago. Hmm, nope, no
one named Mihoshi is registered in the general officer's databank of
personnel records. You sure you have the right name?"

"What do you mean 'No Mihoshi'? That name has to be in there somewhere!"

"Maybe the name is wrong? Do you know her surname?" the officer asked.

"Kuramitsu, Mihoshi Kuramitsu."

"Wow, what a coincidence. I think the Marshal's last name is Kuramitsu
too. Hmm, nope, her name still doesn't appear in the general personnel
roster."

Sue was beginning to lose patience. The Galaxy Police were obviously in
bed with the Royal House. "Look, I *know* that there is a G.P. officer
named Mihoshi Kuramitsu." She narrowed her eyes at the young recruit.  "I
also know, that she is involved...."

"Hey, hey, calm down. I believe you! I told you that I've heard of the
name didn't I? Just because her name doesn't appear in the general roster,
doesn't mean she isn't an officer of the G.P. Thirty-three percent of
Galaxy Police officer's names don't appear in the general roster... Oops,"
He quickly placed his hand over his mouth.

Sue's eyes sparkled, pay dirt. "Oh! Why is that?"

The officer shook his head. He had already said too much. "Ma'am, I am
afraid that I can not release such sensitive information to you. Only the
general personnel roster is open to public review. If you'll excuse me, I
must return to my duties. The exit is to your left."

He was far too late; Sue's interest was peaked now. "You know, I didn't
properly introduce myself. My name is Sue Graham, and I'm a journalist.
I'm doing an expose on police corruption. Is your name spelled with one or
two T's?"

"Oh, come on! I've already screwed up with brass twice already! They're
looking to fire me as it is!"

"It's totally up to you what part you play in my little article. You can
be the unnamed source who helped me break through the web of deceit around
here, or you can be G.P. Officer Swatto, the clerk who lets slip
confidential Galaxy Police information to anyone who walks by."

Officer Swatto banged his head against his desk and cursed the day he
decided to join the G.P. "I get to be the cool cop, right? Braving past
the 'Blue wall of Silence' in order to fight corruption?"

"Absolutely!"

"You think this Mihoshi is dirty then?"

"I aim to find out everything about her."

"What is it you need to know?"

"Why would her name not be listed?"

"She could be working covert ops. You know hiding in the branches of Space
Trees. Those guys aren't listed here. Real secret squirrel kinda stuff."

"Secret Squirrel?"

"Intelligence, a spy. She could be assigned undercover to one of the
unaligned worlds, or even one of the aligned ones without government
approval. She might even be assigned as security to some bigwig. Hey,
maybe she's watchin' over that Prince Tenchi guy. Didja see that news
conference by the First Queen the other day? That whacked out reporter had
me rolling. Crown Prince Tenchi, Ha! I think maybe she hit the tree sap a
little hard that morning... um, not that I know anything about that sort
of thing."

"Yeah... Sap," Sue said narrowing her eyes at the officer. 'Jerk.' But he
did hit on the most likely reason Mihoshi was not listed in the general
database. If you found Mihoshi, you found Tenchi. She was *going* to find
*Tenchi*. She walked around the officer's desk and butted him out of the
way with her hip, in order to work the touch pad for his terminal herself.
Swatto started to protest, until he got a face full of Sue's posterior and
became strangely quiet. Susan's fingers glided over the touch sensitive
pad with seasoned skill. Mihoshi was in there somewhere. Susan could feel
it.


PAYROLL

*NOT FOUND*

MEDICAL

*NOT FOUND*

DISCIPLINARY

*NOT FOUND*

PERSONNEL TRANSFERS

*PENDING...

*1 RECORD FOUND*

ACCESS

*TRANSFER TO GALAXY POLICE HEADQUARTERS CANCELED DUE TO OFFICER'S REQUEST.

FURTHER INFORMATION <DELETED>  *

After several more unsuccessful attempts, Sue slammed her fists on the
desk. This was getting her no where. She hadn't learned anything she
hadn't already known and was no closer to finding Mihoshi or the sector
of space she worked.

"AHHH! This so *frustrating*. I'm *so* close." She lowered her head on to
the touchboard.

The Officer regained some composure, sensing an opening. "Y... you know
what you need," he paused to wipe the blood from his nose. "You need to
get away. How 'bout... buying a ticket to the Galaxy Police Benevolence
Ball?"

Sue *glared* at him with malevolence.

"Please... please... I have to sell at least *one* ticket. It's a
requirement of all G.P Officers!"

She sighed and was about to get up to leave when her eyes widened. 'It
can't be that easy? Can it?'

She returned her attention to the terminal, her hands flying over the
touch sensitive pad. She knew she had seen the heading earlier in her
attempts, but she was in denial the whole time.

ACCESS BALL TICKET SALES DATABASE

*ACCESSING...*

*READY
  ENTER QUERY*

KURAMITSU, MIHOSHI

'No, it can't be this easy'

*PENDING...*

'It can't!'

*ONE RECORD FOUND*

ACCESS

*ACCESSING*

BALL TICKET SALES:
KURAMITSU, M

#TICKETS SOLD          PURCHASER OF TICKET

                2                      KURAMITSU, M


Susan was in tears. "You know, I think I will buy one of those tickets."

The officer was in tears also. "You will! Thank the stars!" He decided to
press his luck. "Need an escort?"

<><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

'Why, oh why couldn't the drink list be in Jurian like in every other
place I've been to,' Sakuya lamented with a sigh. "Club 69" was one of
those new trendy bars with an American motif. All the drinks were of
western origin and all the menus were in English. Sakuya, being who she
was, didn't know any other language but Japanese.

"Make up your mind yet, miss?" The bartender asked tapping his fingers on
the bar impatiently.

Sakuya's eyes quickly scanned the menu one last time, looking for the
slightest sign or letter of familiarity. She found none. She decided to
play the odds.

"Yes," she said confidently. 'This is Japan after all,' she thought to
herself. "I would like some tea. Two teas."

The bartender gave her a look that said "finally" and scanned the menu
himself. He didn't remember seeing tea on there before, but then spotted
what he thought she meant. The bartender turned to prepare the order.
"Long Island, right?" he shot over his shoulder to her.

"Um, yeah. Long Island brand tea will be fine," she said quite pleased.
She glanced back towards the booth she was sharing with Tenchi. He was
being needled with questions from a group of young men. She smiled as she
watched him squirm under the barrage. 'The next Emperor of Jurai,' she
thought with a smirk. Although she admitted to herself that she wasn't as
adverse to the idea as she had been before.

"Here you go, two Long Island Iced Teas."

The bartender handed her the two drinks and she made her way back towards
Tenchi. Half way there, she paused and tried to quiet the butterflies in
her stomach. She didn't know why she was so nervous. This wasn't the first
time she'd been sent on a fact-finding mission of this type. "But there is
a lot more at stake here," she said to herself.

*TAP* *TAP*

"Testing... testing... Is this thing on? Hello?"

'I guess that girl is about to sing,' Sakuya thought looking over to the
tall blonde tapping on a microphone with a finger. 'What's it called...
croak something.' She continued to the table and handed Tenchi his drink.
Since several of Tenchi's friends had commandeered her seat across the
table, she sat next to Tenchi instead.

Tenchi felt he could manage, since there wasn't any physical contact, that
is... until a fourth friend returned from the restroom and joined the
group. This forced Sakuya to scoot over further. She seemed intent on
getting as far from the new arrival and as close to Tenchi as she could.
Now his right arm was rather uncomfortably pinned by Sakuya's shoulder. In
addition, his leg was in contact with entirely too much of the female
version.

"Friends of yours, Ten-chi?" she asked leaning into him further.

'I can handle this,' he said to himself. He had been more compromising
positions with Ryoko and Mihoshi, Ryoko on purpose and Mihoshi by
accident. He picked up his tea and downed it in one shot. His head
immediately hit the table. Something in a neglected and very seldom used
portion of Tenchi's brain began to stir. Assessing the current situation
it began to laugh maniacally.

<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

"My Tenchi?" Ryoko asked astonished.

"Ryoko," Aeka warned.

"Uh huh," Sasami nodded.

"My Tenchi, who blushes during tampon commercials?" she asked leaning
closer to Sasami.

"Ryoko, what do you mean, 'your Tenchi'?" Aeka asked getting angry.

"Yup."

"My Tenchi, who can't even say the word 'nipple'?" she leaned in closer
and was eyeball to eyeball with Sasami now.

"Hahaha, yes, that's what Grandpa said," Sasami answered giggling.

"I don't believe it!" she exclaimed falling back into her seat.

"While I do not agree with Ryoko's use of the possessive in referring to
Lord Tenchi's person, I must agree with the core of her statement. I just
can not picture Lord Tenchi behaving in such a manner," Aeka concluded.
'As nice as that behavior might be directed at the appropriate person,'
she added to herself.

"I'm just telling you what Grandpa said. I don't know if it's true or not,
but... Why would he lie?" Sasami asked.

"To see us jump through hoops and get our panties in bunch, that's why. I
don't know about you, Aeka, but I'm not buyin' into this one," Ryoko said
in a huff.

"Nor am I. For one, Lord Tenchi does not drink, and second, would not do
so to such excess as to become inebriated," Aeka said nodding her head in
complete agreement with the pirate.

"Grandfather said that Tenchi can get a... a..." Sasami tried to remember
his exact words. "...A buzz? A buzz from cheap cough syrup. What's a buzz,
Aeka?"

"Still don't believe it."

"Tenchi would never be so forward with a woman, right?" Aeka turned to
Ryoko trying to hide her concern.

"R... right."

<><><><><><><><><><><><><>

Queen Misaki and Queen Funaho each circled in opposite directions around
Yakage and his young charge, as if the two were cornered beast that would
strike at them at any moment. Neither Queen took her eyes off Minagi as
they made their way around the pair. Upon reaching the other side, Misaki
ventured forward to get a closer look at Minagi, while Funaho went over to
have a word with their mutual husband.

Queen Misaki observed Minagi with a trained eye. It didn't take the
markings on the side of Minagi's face to tell Misaki she was looking at a
polished warrior. Never breaking eye contact with Minagi, the Head of the
Royal Guard edged slowly forward. Each step she took was measured and
precise as she gauged the strength, weaknesses and skill of her adversary.
She could tell Minagi was making a similar assessment. They stood less
than two meters apart. A minute passed and then two, neither of them
moving, finally an itch caused Minagi to wiggle her nose. Misaki smiled.

While Misaki had been giving Minagi the once over, Funaho stood at the
Emperor's side, whispering into his ear.

"What is this?" she asked pointing to Minagi now in a Misaki death grip.

Azusa looked at her for a moment then back at the scene in front of him.
"I am securing both the Empire's position amongst its rivals and our
position within the Empire. With the Lords decrying the loss of two tree
ships, the loss of communications with Tsunami and our ineffectiveness in
recent conflicts, I thought this a prudent move."

"But..."

He turned to look at her again, his face stern. "Was this not the reason
we visited Earth in the first place? To secure the Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki
technologies for the Empire?"

Funaho had no answer to that, because it was true.

"Why is that strategy any less sound now?" Azusa asked her.

For this, Funaho did have an answer.

"What makes it unsound now is that we now know Washu's feelings on the
matter. Ryoko is not just some project to her. Washu sees Ryoko as her
daughter and I believe she would take this as an affront to both herself
and Ryoko."

"Her daughter?" Azusa looked at her incredulously. All the information he
had obtained from Yakage and other sources concerning Washu while she was
part of the Academy spoke differently. Ryoko was Washu's greatest
scientific achievement and as such was held in great regards by the
diminutive scientist, but daughter? No, Ryoko was a tool, one that was
stolen and used to cause a great deal of damage to Jurai. She *will* make
amends for that damage.

"Yes, her daughter." Funaho moved in front of the throne, gaining Azusa's
full attention. "I believe that was her main reason for not providing us
with the technology."

"From my talks with Yakage, I knew she would be uncooperative. She has a
problem with authority and is uncomfortable around nobility. It is the
reason I funded Yakage's project in the first place. If she felt Ryoko a
person with free will, then why was a means for outside control designed
into her? Don't you see? Now we no longer need her assistance." He offered
his Queen a smile.

He was missing the point. She decided to approach the problem at a
different angle.

"You realize... that this *still* does not address the Empire's main
concern?" Funaho asked.

"Oh?"

"The slow production of our third generation and onward ships. Our main
focus in going to Earth was Ryo Ohki not Ryoko."

"I am aware of that."

"Then are you also aware, that you may be jeopardizing our security on an
unproven project?" Funaho questioned, her expression grim.

Azusa recognized the look; it was one he had learned to listen to. "What
do you mean, 'jeopardize our security'?"

Funaho opened her mouth to answer, when the throne room doors were thrown
open and High Priest Bodan burst into the room. The look on his face was a
mixture of utter disbelief and terror, but it was quickly making its way
to that of unmistakable hatred.

His gaze had been on Minagi ever since he entered the room. His body shook
as he spoke, his voice quiet. "When I heard-- I did not believe. Surely I
thought the person telling me this was mad....

<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

"Tenchi, Tenchi are you all right?" Sakuya asked shaking the unconscious
boy's shoulders.

"Taihou wa kaze makase" began to play over the club's sound system.


'I wonder what happened? Perhaps he becomes ill easily and is sickly. This
news will certainly please my brother. The Council is not likely to put
some invalid on the throne. Pity,' she thought with a bit of a frown. She
took a sip from her own drink before her eyes widen in realization. She
quickly spit out what she had drunk, unintentionally spraying one of
Tenchi's companions. He left to dry himself off and then became enamored
by a bronzed blonde at the karaoke machine.

'The *TEA*! He fainted right after drinking it! Perhaps it had been
poisoned." She knew a number of people who wouldn't mind seeing Prince
Tenchi dead. Her own mission could have easily taken a diversionary path
from information gathering to assassination.

Their own mortality was a subject few among the noble class of Jurians
thought about. Death was a foreign concept to them. It was something they
rarely had to deal with on a personal level. It was beneath them. Just as
Sakuya was becoming stricken with the idea of her own death, Tenchi began
to stir.


"It's a POLICE MAGIC!
 If you wanna see me,
 You can whistle whenever you want!"


"Tenchi! Are you all right?" she asked overly excited. If he was okay, she
would be as well.

Tenchi raised his head and looked at Sakuya strangely for a second, as if
trying to determine who she was. Turning away from her, he struck the side
of his head a few times with a fist, then turned to face her again. He
gave her a rogue smile.

The smile threw Sakuya. It was the complete opposite of the nervous ones
she had seen from him earlier in the evening. His smile now was all teeth,
and aggression and animal passion and....


"It's a POLICE MAGIC!
 If you wanna see me,
 You can whistle whenever you want!"


"Yeah, I feel fine. Just got a little dizzy for a second there, but I'm
okay now," Tenchi replied freeing his trapped arm and placing it around
Sakuya's shoulders. 'But I don't feel as half as good as you feel.'

Sakuya looked at the arm around her shoulder, then at Tenchi, and finally
down at the table and her drink. Far more disconcerting than Tenchi's
smile was his willingness now to look her in the eyes. All evening long he
had avoided eye contact with her and had become fidgety when she stared at
him. Their roles were completely reversed now. She couldn't look into his
piercing dark brown eyes without turning 'cherry' red. She took a small
sip from her drink, then finished it in a gulp.

"Sakuya."

"Um, yes, Tenchi."

"Could you get me some napkins please."

"Sure, Ten-chi. I need to freshen up anyway," Sakuya replied standing. 'I
could use a cool down too.'


"O.K. POLICE MAGIC! If you wanna see me..."


Tenchi waited for Sakuya to leave and watched her head towards the Ladies'
Restroom before glaring at his friends who were at the table with him.

"Hey, Tenchi! She's hot."

"Yeah, I didn't think you had it in you to pull a girl like that.'

"What was with the head butt of the table?"

Tenchi looked at them all in turn and answered all their questions with
two words.

"Beat it!"

"What?" one of them asked. All of them looked at Tenchi strangely.

"What do you mean 'what'?" Tenchi asked exasperated. "Can't you see I'm
trying to work here?" He accentuated his point by holding up his pinky
finger.

"Tenchi, Tenchi! Teach me how to whistle!" Amagasaki, who had left to
clean himself up and had been listening to the song, shouted running up to
Tenchi.

"What're you talking about?" Tenchi asked confused.

"This is no time for questions! The mother of my children is up there on
stage! AND I DON"T KNOW HOW TO WHISTLE!" He yelled, grabbing Tenchi by the
shoulders and shaking him.

Tenchi looked at the hysterical man with scorn. Placing his arms between
those of his friend, Tenchi broke the grip held on his shoulders.

"Pathetic," Tenchi said putting his two index fingers to his tongue.

His ear-piercing whistle brought the entire club to a stand still, and
caught the singers undivided attention.

"TENCHI!"

<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

It was 11pm and Noboyuki Masaki had no idea where his seventeen-year-old
son was.

* YES! *

He sat alone in his son's room, looking out the huge round picture window
at the night sky. Wherever he was, Noboyuki hoped Tenchi was having fun.
Ever since the conversation he and his son had earlier that morning,
Noboyuki had been thinking about his son's situation. He wasn't aware of
all the details of what Tenchi had been through. For instance he knew of
Kagato and his kidnapping of Ryoko and Washu, but the events leading to
their rescue are a mystery to him. The girls were more than willing to
speak of Tenchi's bravery during the affair, but they become quiet during
certain parts of the story. Even after so many months Tenchi still doesn't
speak of that day. Noboyuki had however, put together a fact or two.

He stood and left Tenchi's room, stealthily making his way down the
hallway to Aeka and Sasami's room. He quietly opened the door and looked
inside. Sasami, who had been downstairs with her sister earlier, lay
asleep on her futon, little Mayuka curled up next to her. He gently closed
the door and went down the stairs to check Ryoko's room. Finding it empty,
he continued down the stairs.

Most of the lights were out in the living room and Noboyuki had difficulty
making out the shadowed figures on the couch. He walked a little further
into the room and recognized what he believed to be Ryoko's mane of light
cyan hair.

"Ryoko? It's late. Don't you think you should get some sleep?" Noboyuki
asked the person on the couch.

"Ryoko *is* asleep," Washu's voice answered. "So is Princess Aeka." She
reached over and turned on a light. Noboyuki nearly fell over as Washu
turned to face him.

She gave him a wink and blew him a kiss.

"Like what you see?" Washu asked in a low voice.

Noboyuki nodded dumbly causing Washu to chuckle lightly.

"Nice to see I can get a rise out of some Masaki men."

Noboyuki walked around the couch to see a rather mature looking Washu
stroking the hair of a sleeping Ryoko who's head lay in her lap. Aeka was
also there, resting her head on Washu's shoulder, her eyes gently closed.

"They were waiting up for Tenchi. But..."

"..."

"They had a busy afternoon," Washu offered.

"..."

"I thought everyone else would be asleep now," Washu stated looking at
Noboyuki.

Noboyuki continued to stare openly at her, not moving a muscle and
completely silent.

Washu snapped her fingers at him a few times, but failed to get any
response. Sighing, she began to unloosen the top of her blouse.

That did it.

A column of saliva ran freely from one corner of his mouth...
<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

Was her luck finally changing?

Mihoshi couldn't believe it. Tenchi was here the whole time she had been
singing. If she had known, she probably wouldn't have had the nerve to
take the stage. And he had *whistled* at her! Not that a lot of other men
hadn't been doing the same, but Tenchi... Did that mean that he...?  Was
it okay if she...? The more she thought about the situation, the more
excited Mihoshi became. Soon, she couldn't hold her enthusiasm in and
began bouncing about the stage.

"Now's my chance to ask him! Now's my chance to ask him! Now's my chance
to ask him," she repeated over and over, perkily jumping around in
circles.
Much to the delight of her admirers, who thought it was just some new
dance. The DJ taking his cue played some appropriate music and the crowd
watched every jiggle as if mesmerized.

With the large crowd around the stage, Tenchi couldn't see what all the
commotion was about. Besides, he still had Amagasaki spitting in his face
attempting to whistle.

"Like this?" *Hwwspppth*  "How was that? Do you think that will get her
attention?" he asked hopefully.

Tenchi raised a single eyebrow at his friend. He had to lose these guys if
he was going to get anywhere with Sakuya.

"Oh yeah! No way that doesn't get her attention. She'll be all over you!
Why don't you go try it?" Tenchi said smiling. He patted Amagasaki on the
back and gave him a thumbs up.

Amagasaki clenched both hands into fist and steeled his courage. "All
right! I'm going in," he declared and began to push through the crowd on
his way towards the stage.

'Scratch one,' Tenchi thought to himself.

The time Sakuya spent in the Ladies' Room allowed her to regain some of
her focus. As she made her way back towards the booth she shared with
Tenchi and his friends, Sakuya formulated a plan.

'Alcohol. Maybe he has a problem with it. If I can get him back to my
place and get him drunk, perhaps he will tell me what his intentions are
towards the throne,' she schemed.

Passing the large group around the stage, Sakuya caught a second glimpse
of Mihoshi. Although she hadn't recognized her the first time, seeing
Mihoshi bounce about triggered Sakuya's memory. Before leaving Jurai, she
was briefed about the people she was likely to run into around the Prince.
She watched the Detective First Class for a moment as a large young man
forced his way to the stage, wondering if her appearance here was
coincidence or not. She decided not to risk it and to get Tenchi out of
sight as quickly as possible.

Amagasaki had finally made his way to the front of the small stage, but
his attempts to get the bronze goddess's attention were failing miserably
as she appeared to be in her own little world.

"I'm not a man if I don't say something to her!" Amagasaki declared and
hopped on to the stage. "Excuse me, miss? Excuse me?" He inquired,
attempting to gain her attention by tapping her on the shoulder.

"Now's my chance! Now's my chance! Now's my...." Mihoshi felt someone
holding one of her shoulders and calmed herself down. "Umm... Yes?" she
asked blinking twice at the young man in front of her.

One look into Mihoshi's crystal blue eyes and Amagasaki's courage wilted.
He refused to back down however. The worst that could happen was that he
could embarrass himself and die of a heart attack. Mihoshi was well worth
the risk. He cleared his throat.

"Umm, I just waned to say that I thought your song was great! You really
have a sexy singing voice and..." this was as far as he got before Mihoshi
cut him off.

"I was good? Do you really think so? I was kinda nervous and I've never
sung that song before. I didn't know if it was any good, but then Tenchi
*whistled* at me! And I think maybe he..." she paused finally remembering
why she had gotten so excited. Without another word, she brushed past
Amagasaki, a determined look on her face. The sea of people parted for
her.

Amagasaki watched her go, dumbfounded.

"How does she know Tenchi?" he wondered.

Moments earlier, Sakuya had reached Tenchi only to find he had abandoned
their booth for a smaller table. This one only had two seats, one of which
was empty. His friends still hovered about like carrion.

He stood as she approached still the gentleman, but his legs appeared to
wobble slightly. Now was her chance.

"Are you sure you're feeling all right? You look a little shaky?" she
asked moving closer to him, a look of concern on her face.

Tenchi waved a hand dismissively. " I'm fine. I'm fine."

"I don't know... maybe you should rest. My place is nearby...."

This caused a number of eyebrows to raise.

'Whoa, * relapse *,' Tenchi thought with a grin. What had been at the most
a slight buckle of one of his knees, became almost complete muscle
failure. He put a hand to his head and wobbled back and forth, about to
hit the floor any second.

"N... now that you m... mention it. I do feel a bit... disoriented," he
said groggily and stumbled forward, leaning into Sakuya for support. With
an arm over one of her shoulders and pressing his body into her as much as
he could without toppling the both of them over, he raised his head and
turned up the charm. "Sorry about all the trouble. I'll make it up to you
later."

'No doubt you will, Prince of Jurai,' Sakuya thought with a smile of her
own coming to her face. The smile was short lived however, replaced by
absolute wonder as Sakuya got a close up look at Tenchi's face, especially
the emblems of power on his forehead.

'Tsunami-sama!' she thought in disbelief, they were very dim and the
lights were rather low in the club, so she hadn't noticed before-- But
there was no mistaking the three triangles on Tenchi's forehead.

"Is there something on my face?" Tenchi asked.

<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

Queen Misaki stormed down the hallway towards her waiting ship. Queen
Funaho was hard pressed to keep up, although truth to be told she didn't
want to get too close to her raging sister.

"You know... he wasn't really aiming for you," Funaho offered.

Misaki glared at her sister and quickened her pace. Funaho sighed and
picked up a slight jog.

<><><><><><>

"When I heard-- I did not believe. Surely I thought the person telling me
this was mad...."

All talk in the throne room ceased. The only sound that could be heard
were Bodan's determined footsteps...

...and Minagi gagging for breath, still in a Misaki's bear hug.

Bodan, High Priest to the Royal Council, slowly advanced towards what was
to him, evil incarnate.

"Madness... I told him. What purpose could be served by imitating the
'Devil'? How could a copy of the creature, who sought to destroy all that
Jurai holds dear, be entrusted by the Emperor of Holy Jurai! HOW CAN
THAT... THAT THING SERVE THE WILL OF TSUNAMI! *IT IS MADNESS*"

The twin bracelets on his wrists glowed a brilliant white as he summoned
all the power he could from his tree. The power coalesced into a sphere of
pure energy between his hands, which he thrusted forward at Minagi. His
rage blinding him to the fact that Queen Misaki was holding Minagi at the
time.

Minagi gasped for air despite not needing to breathe, under the relentless
crushing force of Misaki's arms. It was only out of the corner of her eye
that she spotted the ball of energy racing towards her. Finding the
strength to break Misaki's hold, she pushed the Queen away from her and
to safety. Although she could have quite easily teleported out of harms
way, doing so would have placed the First Queen and the Emperor in
danger. Instead she brought out her sword and twisting its base formed a
huge shield, which absorbed the attack.

Bodan was undaunted despite seeing what was his strongest attack repelled
with such ease. He was no swordsman, and he held no misconceptions, but
still he clenched both fists and formed a silver colored blade. If it
would take his martyrdom for the Emperor to see the folly of the path he
was treading, so be it.

"For the glory of Tsunami," he said in a reverent whisper and rushed
forward.

Minagi smirked at what was obviously an untrained suicidal old man. She
readied her sword, prepared to kill him in a single stroke.

Before they could come within two meters of one another, the Emperor
rose from his throne.

"ENOUGH!" Azusa commanded. "Priest Bodan, You are mistaken, this is
neither Ryoko nor the 'Devil', merely a tool through which we will
strengthen the Kingdom. It is completely under my direct control. Is this
not correct, Director Yakage?" he asked turning to scientist.

"It is as you say my Lord," Yakage replied with a bow, his face
expressionless.

Funaho had watched Yakage the whole time. 'You are a brilliant scientist,
but a poor liar, Director Yakage. What is Minagi to you?'

Disgusted, Bodan stormed out of the room.

Misaki picked herself off of the floor. Her face was flush and her eyes
blood red with anger. Controlling her emotions was not something she did
easily and it was taking all that control to keep her from incinerating
Bodan where he stood. She quickly turned to her husband, an unasked
question in her eyes.

He raised a hand, "Let it go for now."

She turned away from him incensed and purposefully walked out the throne
room.

Emperor Azusa sighed knowing exactly how upset Misaki was, but there
wasn't anything he could do about Bodan's actions at this juncture in
time. He gave a pleading look to Funaho.

She gave him a wan smile. "I will explain it to her."

"Thank you."

<><><><><><><><><>

Once again catching up to her sister near the entry of the spaceport,
Funaho started to explain Azusa's position to Misaki, but Misaki cut her
off.

"I know, I know. I'm not stupid," Misaki said, her head canted to the
floor and fists clenched in anger.

"I never said you were," Funaho said somewhat hurt.

Misaki straightened. "I know that Priest Bodan is a powerful member of the
Council and a great number of Jurians follow his religious teachings. With
the Council fragmented the way it is, we can't afford a public fight,
right?"

"Yes, Azusa understands how you feel. He feels the same way, but there is
just so much he can do right now. Besides, it's not so much Bodan the
people have faith in, but Tsunami. If all goes well we should be able to
force his ouster. The people's love for Aeka and Sasami rivals that of
anyone on the Council, we just need to get them back here. For that, we
need to talk to Tenchi."

Misaki's mood brightened noticeably at the mention of her daughters. She
clapped her hands together in anticipation. "Oh! I can't wait to see
little Aeka and little Sasami! I'm sure we have nothing at all to worry
about. With my little Aeka's sparkling eyes, sexy figure and charming
laugh, I am absolutely positive Tenchi is under her beck and call."

They both prepared to transport to their waiting ship.

"I hope you're right."

"And if not, we'll go with Sasami."

Billions of miles away, Aeka shivered in her sleep.
<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

A column of saliva ran freely from one corner of his mouth and his right
eye began to twitch.

Washu narrowed her eyes seductively and brought two slender fingers to her
mouth. Slowly she slipped them through her full lips and into her mouth
then after a second or two, the crevice between her breasts. Despite his
years, it was almost enough to give Noboyuki a nosebleed.

"Here ya' go," Washu said brightly, handing him the picture she had
retrieved. "Just don't do anything obscene with it, okay?"

'Why did she give it to me then?' Noboyuki wondered to himself looking at
the picture. It was of adult Washu in her nurse's outfit. It even had a
caption: "Now you give me an injection." He put the picture in his shirt
pocket.

"Maybe I should give this to Tenchi instead," Noboyuki asked sitting down
in a nearby chair.

"Who do you think took the picture?" Washu asked, raising an eyebrow.

Noboyuki looked at her in abject shock.

"I'm kidding."

"Oh, I guess you would be. I mean if Tenchi saw you like this..." He
pointed to Washu.

"He already has. Several times in fact. Tenchi hasn't told you about me?
About my past?"

Noboyuki shook his head and Washu smiled to herself and began stroking
Ryoko's hair again. Seeing that Washu wasn't about to volunteer any
information, he decided to probe further.

"So... What is with the new look, uh... little Washu?"

"Washu is fine, and it isn't a new look. This is me. The real me."

"And the other?"

"This," she said becoming her younger self. The change in her height
caused Aeka's head to fall from Washu's shoulder and nearly hit Ryoko, but
it missed. Washu now had Ryoko on one side of her lap and Aeka on the
other. Breathing a sigh of relief for not having wakened the girls, she
smiled and continued. "This is me also, the true me."

"The 'real' you and the 'true' you?" Noboyuki asked puzzled.

"It's a long story and it's kinda personal," Washu finished, once again
changing to adult form and returning her attention to the two girls she
held in her lap.

'But she could tell Tenchi,' Noboyuki realized to himself.

"Do you mind if I turn off the light? I think it's bothering Aeka," Washu
asked looking at the princess toss and turn slightly.

"Uh, go ahead. I think I'll head up to Tenchi's room to sleep a bit."

Washu nodded and turned off the lamp. The room once again became dark and
silent.

Noboyuki stood and spared one last look at Washu and the two sleeping
girls. "This is a new twist and Tenchi already knew about it," he said to
himself. With his head lowered in thought, Noboyuki somberly headed in the
direction of the stairs. Upon reaching a point just behind the couch where
Washu sat, he paused, his mind struggling with something.

"Washu?" he asked.

Silence answered him. He thought again about what it was he wanted to say
and decided to press on. There was so much happening in his son's life
that he knew so little about.

"Washu," he said again, his voice solemn. "I know this may sound rude...
but just how old are you?"

"You're right. It does sound rude, very. Don't you know a woman's age and
past are best kept secret."

It took several moments for Noboyuki to think of a response, but finding
out about Washu's adult form had made him realize something. Washu, Ryoko,
Aeka, and Mihoshi: he knew next to nothing about any of them. Nothing.

"Washu, I think I have a right to know. As his fath...."

Washu spun around on the couch to face Noboyuki, nearly knocking both Aeka
and Ryoko to the floor in the process. Her face was a mask of fury, but
when she opened her mouth to speak, no words came.

At first Noboyuki thought she was too offended to speak, but then he
noticed her stare. It was not directed at him, but something behind him.
Before he could turn to see what, she spoke.

"I take it that Tenchi has not come home yet?"

Noboyuki turned to see a woman he had never seen before, yet looked very
familiar, cradling baby Mayuka to her chest. Again he was rendered
speechless.

"Tsunami," Washu said finding her voice.

Noboyuki looked back at Washu, and then at Tsunami. "You... you look just
like Sasami," he said in amazement.

"I am Sasami."

Correction:

Washu, Ryoko, Aeka, Mihoshi * and * Sasami: Noboyuki knew absolutely
nothing about any of them.

<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

A Multidimensional Plane

A young girl in her preteens sits in absolute darkness, when she feels
a presence enter her mind.

"You know why you were created?"

The girl stands and answers. "Yes Mistress, to serve Master Tenchi. To see
that no harm comes to him, I am to protect him by any means necessary."

"Then go, the time has come."

"Yes, my Mistress."

The presence leaves, and the young girl begins to due a number of
stretching and warm up exercises. She's been waiting for millennia.

"And it's about time!"

<><><><><><><><<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

C&C Public, Private, Flames, Sabot rounds humbly appreciated.

Damien
damien_searight@msn.com
ICQ: 24113246