Perfect Circle
By Karlmarks

Thanks to Locke, Jenn, and especially Zanakin for prereading!

Prologue: Nightmare
                                                                                
*********Author's notes:*********
   First: non-standard disclaimer.  While this is NOT a lemon by ANY means, this
chapter is rather dark in tone, and does contain some graphic (as far as text 
can be graphic) violence. I've been told the profanity is enough to warrant a 
warning, though this story is certainly not exceptionally packed with four-
letter words.  
                                                                                        
   Additionally, the standard disclaimer:  I don't own the rights to any of the 
Tenchi Muyo characters.  Not one.  Don't worry, I'm taking it pretty well.  The 
only major original characters of the Perfect Circle series so far are Reelan 
and Elath.  If you're reading this, you probably already knew that, but it never 
hurts to make sure.  This particular episode has only the Mihoshi (and a very 
different Mihoshi, at that) character from the Tenchi Muyo universe; the other 
characters will come into play in the next episode.  I wrote most of this 
episode from Elath's point of view because, well, it made more sense that way.
      
   Many things in this fictional universe are, well, improbable.  The entire 
galaxy appears to operate on Earth years, days, seconds, and so on.  Most 
languages sound suspiciously similar to English or Japanese (English in this 
story).  Nearly every sentient species is humanoid.  To list every scientific 
impossibility in just the "Official" universe (i.e.:"Where does all the extra 
mass between Ryo-ohki's cabbit and spaceship form come from?") would be both 
time-consuming and pointless. I'm not going to explain these anomalies of the 
universe Tenchi inhabits in my story; let's just take it at face value and enjoy 
the ride!

   The universe of this story may not match exactly with a specific, official 
universe (I.E.:the OVA universe), but it's largely consistent placed at the end 
of the first TV series, "Tenchi Universe".


@@@@@@@@THIS PART IS IMPORTANT!@@@@@@@@
   This particular chapter takes place two years before the rest of Perfect 
Circle.
@@@@@@@@THIS PART IS IMPORTANT!@@@@@@@@


OK.....that was a lot of notes.  Sorry.  Now, we begin.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

   Life wasn't perfect, but it was damn near close.  Mihoshi hummed a song under 
her breath as she walked through the corridors of GP Command Nexus 3 to her 
private ship.  She had *earned* this vacation!
   After a year-long search, she had tracked down Reelan Karst, robber, 
murderer, and fairly notorious hacker.  Computer crimes were thought obsolete in 
the modern era: major systems had *no* unsecured data links to the outside 
world, period.  His Mind Machine Commlink invention had changed all that, 
spawning an entire criminal industry.
   MMC let its controller use the full power of their thoughts to crack security 
directly,allowing access to secure systems through *anything* directly hooked up 
to them.  Even the lock keypad on a door would do, provided one had sufficient 
willpower.  He had provided cover for the crimes he was involved in by taking 
their targets offline.  His untraceablity had been near-legendary in this 
sector. Had been, until Mihoshi had bagged both him and a promotion to Detective 
First Class.   Though a suspected partner was still at large, she wouldn't stay 
that way for long.
   Since a rising star of the GP got few chances to take a break, her parents 
had jumped at the opportunity for a family vacation.  The Pilot Academy her 
younger brother attended was currently on semester-end break, so the family made 
plans to rendezvous at the resort planet Coraliin.  Mihoshi's ship, the Seraph, 
was fast enough to give her an extra day of leisure before the scheduled meet-
up.

				***
   
   In the bar (helpfully labeled "The Bar" by a sign outside The Bar) on Sarveen,
Mihoshi watched.  Watching was a habit she'd picked up early as a GP detective,
and, even off-duty, she watched.  A Cyrmion gestured wildly at his or her 
(determining the gender of non-humanoids wasn't one of Mihoshi's strong 
points) companion in an attempt to prove what must have been a breathtakingly 
important point.  Three people of a species she didn't recognized laughed.  A 
humanoid male sat down next to her.
   "Can I buy you a drink?" asked The Humanoid. 
   "I guess," Mihoshi said without enthusiasm.  The last thing she needed was 
complication in her life.  She thought quickly, then added "Blue Lightning, 
double," the most expensive item this place would be likely to serve.  After 
relaying her order to the multi-tentacled barkeep, he once again proved his 
determination to ignore her subtle "I despise you" hints by trying to start a 
conversation.  
   "My name's Jakt," he announced.  After waiting an uncomfortable 15 seconds, 
he tried again.  "What's yours?" 
   "*Detective First Class* Mihoshi," she replied loudly.  Nearly all 
conversation in The Bar ceased.  The Cyrmion and his/her companion quietly stood 
up and walked quickly out of the room.  Undeterred, Jakt continued.    "How long 
you been on the force?" 
   "Year and a half," Mihoshi said, keeping her noncommittal tone of voice.  
"Then there's still hope!" he exclaimed, flashing her a lopsided smile.  "But we 
gotta get you to a licensed therapist, and quick!"  In spite of herself, Mihoshi 
laughed.
   
   A few drinks later, she had agreed to let him walk her to her ship, where she 
was staying for her one day pre-vacation-vacation.  When they reached the hatch, 
Mihoshi didn't think to turn around at the rustling sound coming from behind 
her.  She didn't quite understand what she was doing on the ground a second 
later.  "Must havvvv...slippd," she decided aloud.  "Help me up?"  <I shouldn't 
be this disoriented from just four Lightnings...> she thought in a brief moment 
of clarity.  Then Jakt used the second hypospray on her and the ground in front 
of her eyes faded into hollow, echoing darkness.

				***

   The ringing sound of boots on metal awakened her.  <Shit!>  As a GP officer, 
Mihoshi had seen what happened to women in these situations.  If she was lucky, 
maybe her body would be found unconscious instead of dead when Jakt was done 
with her.  Then everything lit up painfully as she opened her eyes.  The image 
of a brown-haired woman compressed into focus.  "You're not Jakt," she observed.  
   "And you're going to wish I was," the woman replied.  Her beautiful silver 
eyes flashed.  A sign reading "Mnemosyne--Deck 12" was the last thing Mihoshi's 
eyes caught before they closed again.  Laughter echoed in her head as the 
universe faded out again.
   When Detective First Class Mihoshi awoke, the first thing she noticed was her 
left arm.  Specifically, that she couldn't move it.  She couldn't remember 
opening her eyes, and yet she could see.  She didn't seem to be able to blink, 
either.  Trying to move established the fact that she was strapped to a wall.  A 
mist sprayed across her eyes from the apparatus that held her eyelids open.  In 
front of her stood the brown-hairedcaptor.  The room was brilliant white.  
   "Where's Jakt?" <That was just *so* important to know, wasn't it,> she 
reprimanded herself internally.
   "Whatever he called himself, he's long gone with his 50 credits," Mihoshi's 
abductor answered.  "Well...who are you? And where am I?" Mihoshi demanded. 
   "I'm Elath, and you're on the Mnemosyne.  Now, I think that, given the 
circumstances, it's *you* who should be giving *me* information.  Understood?" 
   <Mnemosyne.  Wasn't that station abandoned after the Fifth Great War?>"'A GP 
officer must never release classified information to unauthorized persons,'" 
quoted Mihoshi.  "Anyway, I don't *know* anything classified."  Shit...shouldn't 
make her mad...shouldn't make her mad...>
   Elath considered Mihoshi's response *very* briefly, then continued. "Reelan 
Karst.  You know who he is, correct?"  Mihoshi nodded. "Good to know I haven't 
been wasting my time.  Now, to the important part.  You know *where* he is."  It 
was not a question.  
   <Oh fuck.  Oh fuck. Anything but this.>  Mihoshi recalled the events of the 
day before her vacation began.  
   "Now, as per procedure, you'll be handing the suspect over to the officers in 
a standard shuttle belonging to a shuttle at the rendezvous for transfer to a 
different ship.  You know how it is with suspected Syndicate members: need to 
know basis.  And you don't need.  They'd have to look damn hard to figure out 
where Reelan ends up, so they won't expend the effort to free him."
   <Maybe...she'll let me go when she realizes I can't help her!>  Mihoshi knew 
when she was lying to herself.  <Maybe...she'll at least send my corpse to 
Command for a proper burial.  Well, if I stall for time maybe GP will find out 
I'm missing and send a search and rescue detachment.>
   "Well where is he, dammit?  Give me the ship's name, UIN, and location, and 
you can walk away."  Elath was visibly annoyed.  "Why would I tell you?" Mihoshi 
asked, in all seriousness.  Elath laughed and left the room.  <Starvation, 
maybe?  I can deal with it for long enough to be found.>
  
   A minute later, Mihoshi heard a door open to her left, out of her field of 
view.  "Do you love your family?" Elath asked.  A muffled voice called out 
unintelligibly from Elath's direction.  Elath walked into view, with the person 
Mihoshi least wanted to see at the moment standing beside her.  Mihoshi's 
brother Avar's gag was untied by their mutual captor.  
   "Mihoshi!  What the hell are you doing here?  Who is this woman?  
Wait...GP...*THIS IS ALL YOUR FAULT, ISN'T IT!*"  Avar was obviously not having 
a pleasant vacation.  
   "Who else is here?"  Mihoshi demanded. 
   "How the fuck should I know?" Avar screamed.  "I fall asleep for one fucking 
minute waiting for my shuttle and the next thing I know I'm in...whatever the 
fuck this place is, all tied up, with this fucking psycho!"  
   "Touching family reunion, officer, but I have another question for you now," 
Elath said, smiling.  She held up a blast pistol.  "A blaster pistol cauterizes, 
right?"  Mihoshi nodded.
  "Wrong.  Modified to a low enough output, it does something a lot more 
interesting.  Now tell me where Reelan is or your brother will find out just 
*how* interesting it can be."
   "I DON'T KNOW!"  Mihoshi pleaded at the top of her lungs.  She desperately 
tried to convince Elath of the need-to-know system his capture had been 
conducted under.  
   "One question:  why?"  Elath responded.  "I was booked once.  They didn't do 
all that secrecy shit for me, and I'm ten times as dangerous as he'll *ever* 
be!"  She laughed at her joke.  "Your story isn't holding up, detective."  She 
loaded a chargepack into the gun and pointed it at Avar's right leg.
   "He's Syndicate!"  Mihoshi yelled.  "Suspected involvement with The Syndicate 
gives any prisoner a Need To Know flag!  Don't hurt him, I swear it's true!"
   Elath yelled back at her.  "You fucking liar!  He wasn't Syndicate!  We were 
partners 5 years, since he got into the business, and we never got into that 
shit!  Give me a better story next time."  
   A blast pistol usually creates a unique hiss as its energy projectile excites 
molecules in the air between its origin and destination.  On low power, the air 
molecules move slowly enough to create a loud, mid-pitched hum.  It was not loud 
enough to drown out Avar's scream.  Mihoshi was forced to watch as Elath held 
down the trigger, burning through her brother's leg at a point just below the 
knee.  All she could do was block out the image of her brother--detach, 
withdraw--Oh God, Avar was going to die!
   The blood hissed when it touched the exposed bone.  It fell to the floor in a 
bubbling pool for a few seconds before the temperature equalized.  "Now," Elath 
said, quieting Avar violently with the heavy barrel of her pistol, "you will 
tell me where Reelan is.  
   Mihoshi thought rapidly. "Coordinates 1032, 65556, 262144; on board the 
Ranger," she lied.  Elath's silver eyes widened with rage at  Mihoshi's stubborn 
commitment to duty.  "You," she said, staring deep into her captive's eyes, "are 
lying."  If she thought her career was worth more than her family, she deserved 
this.
   <Reelan, I *will* help you.>  Elath brought the blaster to bear on Avar's 
head and looked to Mihoshi hopefully.
   <Fucking great.  How did she know I was making that up?> "Look, I know 
people.  GP Command people.  I could get Reelan a lighter sentence!  Just let me 
go!  I won't report this, I swear!"  Mihoshi thought back to Hostage Negotiation 
training.  "It's obvious you're a very powerful person, and you've just been 
given a great opportunity.  A chance to show the galaxy that you're really not 
out to hurt anyone.  Just let me and Avar go.  He's in school, he's going to 
graduate in 5 months.  Show me how kind you are and let Avar go."  If Elath saw 
her captives as people she'd have a harder time killing them.  That was the 
theory, at least.  <Oh god, just please don't let him die!>
   The theory was apparently wrong.  Elath applied the blast pistol to the back 
of Avar's head.  Mihoshi screamed as a reddish mass boiled out of the back of 
his head, his face pressed into the floor.  Elath put her foot down, and what 
had been Avar's head melted across the once-colorless floor.  When would the 
goodcop see that she was serious?

     				***

   A small-time runner had been picking up a shipment of Matter Displacement 
Bombs on the remote world of Tolrun.  She paid with a voucher from her client, 
and, upon delivery, would receive a 5% cut of the profit.  Even 5% of a shipment 
like this would be enough to overhaul the engines of the Vore, her personal 
ship.  
   A gravlift cart cancels out the pull of the strongest nearby source of 
gravity on its cargo.  Even weightless, objects retain their mass, so the 
smuggler was struggling to maneuver the 200 kilos through a public marketplace.  
<If one of the bombs had been improperly manufactured, it could detonate at any 
moment and wipe out this entire tourist center in this fake-native town,> 
thought the woman.  She laughed involuntarily, and, the second her eyes closed, 
she hit a blue-haired young man with all 200 kilos of matter displacement 
equipment.  Even at walking speed, 200 kilos is a lot to be hit with.  He fell 
on his back, mouth bloody.  
   "Shit, man, I'm sorry!"  He was hurt badly enough to conceivably charge her 
with assault, and the last thing she needed at this point was 20 to life for 
what the local cops would find in the crates she was pushing.  
   "No...it's okay," he said, sitting up.  "You might wanna be more careful with 
something that illegal, though."  Less than a second later, he was on his feet, 
looking forward, with a cold round object pressed into the back of his neck.  
   "This," the pirate whispered, "is my blast pistol.  If you try to move away, 
yell for help, or even talk too loudly, your parents are gonna have to go to Dr. 
So-and-so to pick up your dental records to get positive ID, 'cause there isn't 
gonna be anything left of your face."  
   <"The modern criminal learns how to act from holos,"> remembered the youth 
being held at gunpoint.  <Well...if this fails she probably won't have the 
conviction to kill me.>  "Look.  I'm not gonna turn you in.  I just want to 
know...how can I get a job like yours?"  
   <He looks up to me!>  For the first time in her life, someone admired her.  A 
low-level criminal working a shit job for far less money than she deserved, and 
she had a fan club!  Something in the earnest tone of the man's voice made her 
answer.  "Walk me to my ship; we'll talk.  By the way, I'm Elath.  Who're you?"
   "Reelan.  Reelan Karst."

				***

   "What'll it be then, eh?"  Though she had moved up quite a bit in the galaxy 
and had figured out how to be properly menacing along the way, Elath had lost 
neither her idealism nor her habit of using other's words instead of her own 
when she needed to be most threatening.  "Tell me?  Or do you really want to see 
what else I have planned for our little vacation?"  

				***

   Inside GP Command Nexus 3, Arnam was worried.  As a lieutenant, the safety of 
her officers was a prime concern.  Two days ago, Mihoshi's friend Sardre had 
reported her missing.  They were to have met up on Coraliin, and, when the 
detective never showed up, Sardre's search had totally failed to find her or her 
family anywhere on the planet.  The GP had similar luck.  Upon checking the 
passenger records of Gloriously Economical Spacelines, it seemed her parents and 
brother had showed up at the port to confirm their tickets an hour before 
departure, but vanished before the ship left.  Mihoshi had left no clue 
whatsoever as to her whereabouts.  The rescue force Arnam had organized had 
managed to turn up the Seraph, IFF transmitter modified and without its UIN, in 
a used shipyard with "Sporty appearance!  Powerful AM engine!  Stereo loud 
enough to hear kilometers away--in airless *outer* SPACE!  Only 35000 cred! Act 
now!" painted on the hull in place of a name.  A trace on how it got there was 
the case's only lead.  

				***
   
   "Your mother," Elath explained to the instrument of her beloved's 
imprisonment, "is restrained in such a fashion that she is totally unaware of 
and unable to interact with her surroundings."  Vareth was bound to a stretcher 
by energy bands with a metal plate over her eyes; a sonic damper projected a 
field to prevent sound from reaching her.  Her mouth was moving in what must 
have been a scream, but the damper absorbed all sound.  
   "Now, there's nothing in that marvelous setup of hers to block pain.  You 
know where Reelan is, and you know I will kill to save him from your kind."  
Elath drew a cheap, mass-produced lightsword from her belt.  "Now, you *will* 
tell me."  <Why can't she just make this easy on both of us?  He was...he was 
Reelan.  She can't take that away from me, not ever.>   
   "No!  You stupid bitch!  Are you listening to me at all?"  Mihoshi blurted 
without thinking. <Oh yeah, smart.  Real fucking smart.  Your mother's going to 
die because of you.>  Tears ran down the detective's face.  Elath, watching, 
knew Mihoshi would break soon.
   The lightsword powered up.  Elath swung it in a narrow arc through Vareth's 
wrist.  "Bionics are good these days.  Your mother may be able to lead a normal 
life if you *tell me where Reelan is or I will be forced to kill her*!"  The 
pirate's voice edged on panic.  <Remember...exploit every advantage.  She *must* 
give in after enough of this.>  Elath *knew* she was close.  Knew it.  
   Nothing had worked, so the terrified Detective First Class had fallen back on 
honesty.  "You--you're fucking crazy!  There's no way he's going free!  Murder 
isn't gonna make me magically figure out where he is!  You're gonna be locked up 
for a *very* long time!  Maybe they won't kill you if you let us go *now*!"  She 
didn't expect to win this argument. 
   Her prediction was correct.  "Oh, more mind games?  Imagine *this* away!"  
Elath brought the sword down again.  She cut away a bit more than half of 
Vareth's left wrist, then ripped the rest off and flung it at Mihoshi.  The 
blood on the detective's uniform was joined by vomit.  She was obviously aware 
who had the power in this situation.  And yet she would not relent...why?  But 
Elath knew her eventual victory would be worth any sacrifices made along the 
way.

				***

   Reelan was excited.  As his thoughts hacked into security with his prototype 
MMC link, his body held its breath in exhilaration.  This was his first real 
run.  Elath had briefed him on what to expect.  "Now, these rentacops will draw 
their guns right away, but be *real* hesitant to fire.  Usually they'll 
surrender without a fight if you get the drop on them. It's like the bank's 
*giving* their money away!"  A job he loved, a partner he loved: paradise.  
   As soon as the last firewall broke, he flipped back to reality.  Loading his 
blast pistol, he joined Elath at the loading door.  A strange carnival 
atmosphere surrounded this adventure.
   "Is it--"
   "Taken care of."
   Elath placed the vehicular-grade hoverpod on the door.  Activated, it ripped 
the door off and continued on a flight into the sky. The bank 100 meters below 
its current position was about to lose about 500,000 cred.  "Go!" Elath shouted, 
and she and her partner ran through the door, guns ready. After knocking a 
security guard unconscious en route, the pair arrived at the vault. 
      "Alright, people, I'm here to make a small withdrawal from your esteemed 
facilities.  If everyone keeps their heads, everyone gets to keep their heads." 
Elath brandished the pistol menacingly.  The three employees they surprised 
working at the central computer were all face-down on the floor less then a 
second after her motivational speech (though not before quickly glancing at the 
pirates' faces.)
   "Management briefed them well," she laughed to Reelan.  High-level workers 
cost too much in training to throw away through carelessness in a robbery, so 
standard procedure was to give all non-security personnel training on "holdup 
etiquette".  After tying up the employees, she joined Reelan at the vault door.  
Normally, it would be on a time-secured lock, but thanks to Reelan's hack, it 
swung open at the push of a button.  This surprised the workers quite visibly, 
though not audibly, thanks to the one-way sonic containment field surrounding 
them.  
   Most of the cash (despite the ease of digital currency, most transactions 
were still done through non-replicably encoded paper-thin credit vouchers for 
anonymity) had been loaded into their agrav crates. Elath was securing the lids 
when Reelan went to back out to the computing center to check on the hostages.  
They were still under control, he noted. <All going just like Elath said it 
would.>  He was totally unprepared for what happened in the next two seconds.
   In the corner of his left eye, he caught movement.  A security guard stepped 
into the room and froze momentarily in shock.  He sized up the situation: bound 
hostages, open vault, armed man.  His eyes met with Reelan's.  His hand shot to 
his gun.  Without time to think, Reelan fired.
   The guard lay on the ground, bleeding from two holes in his chest.  Reelan 
heard the metallic clang of a gun on the floor.  His?  No, it was in his hand, 
warm from being fired.  He stared at the dying man on the floor for a moment 
before Elath emerged from the vault.  Seeing his face, drained of color, the 
body on the ground, and the guns, her faced flashed concern for a second before 
she decided Reelan was unhurt.  Then she laughed.
   "Don't worry, your first time always hurts a little," she said in a mockery
of a caring voice before reverting to laughter.  She had been ready for this 
eventuality, had prepared her jokes carefully.  "Now, you are a man."  Noticing 
her partner's shocked expression remained, she continued.  "Seriously, it's no 
big deal.  Just try not to do it too often; it'll make them try harder to find 
us.  Pain in the ass, have to keep a low profile for a while, but we won't get 
caught."  This wasn't going as well as she had hoped, but he would get over his 
inhibitions, given time.  Hadn't she?

				***

   The Seraph had been traced back to a small-time grifter on backwater Sarveen.  
The name he gave, "Jereth," was almost certainly false.  His DNA had never been 
registered, but this was not unheard of on frontier worlds.  Three witnesses 
verified his having talked to Mihoshi in "The Bar" shortly before her 
disappearance.  Arnam handled the interrogation personally.  The suspect grinned 
lopsidedly at her, hopeful and yet knowing he was beyond hope.
   "Look: we believe you know the whereabouts of Detective First Class Mihoshi.  
If she is alive, giving us information leading to her recovery will look 
favorably in any...legal proceedings you may be engaged in following her return.  
If she is not, a guilty plea could help you avoid the death penalty.  All in 
all, it's in your best interest to cooperate."  In interrogation, sometimes 
honesty actually was the best policy.
   
				***

   Despair wrapped Mihoshi in its warm embrace.  The detective was in tears.  
Her mother's severed head remained on the floor, silently expressing its 
outraged disappointment at her daughter's failure to protect her family. But 
there was nothing left to do.  Nothing had worked.  Reason was not working, 
pleading was not working, and Elath seemed to have an innate ability to tell if 
Mihoshi was giving correct information.  <Then why can't she see I really don't 
know?>
   The pirate, too committed to her love to accept defeat, tried again.  <If 
this doesn't work, what will I do?> Elath wondered.  <She has to give in this 
time.  Has to.  If not...well, she'll give in.>  "You really don't want to know 
what comes next.  Tell me, and you won't *need to know*," she laughed cruelly, 
showing the detective how badly her pitiful lie was going over.  Mihoshi seemed 
weaker now than she had ever been.  Weakness was important.  Weakness meant the 
loss of the will to fight back.  Weakness meant that Elath would soon find out 
where Reelan was.  
			
				***

   The stars shone brightly on a cloudless night. Jiroth had no moon to drown 
them out, so on a night like this, one could see the truly amazing sight of a 
sky near the galactic core without interference.  Binary and trinary systems, 
red giants, and blue protostars created a beautiful image across the blanket of 
night.  Inside the room, Elath turned her eyes away and glanced over at Reelan, 
sleeping peacefully next to her.  As though he was aware he was being watched, 
his eyes opened.  "Beautiful," he exhaled quietly.
   "After tomorrow, we're leaving Corespace, so look while you can," Elath 
reminded him, knowing as she spoke that her beloved had been referred to her, 
not the sky.  
   After a minute of silence, she spoke again.  "This can't last forever.  One 
day, the GP will catch me, and you'll have to go on without me.  Are you 
prepared?"  
   "Don't be so morbid," he said, worried.  One of the unspoken laws of her 
profession was that you never succeeded in staying free.  It was always just a 
question of how long you had until you were caught.
   "But really, what would you do?"
   "It won't happen," Reelan maintained.  "I won't let it.  I love you."  
   For a moment, Elath believed in his optimism.  And he continued.
   "Forever."

				***

   <I'm going to die.>  Detective First Class Mihoshi knew this to be true.  She 
couldn't give the answers her captor wanted to hear, and she had no question of 
Elath's capability to commit murder.  <Avar, mom, and probably my father too, 
they all died because of me.  Why was I so careless?>  Resigned to her fate, she 
did not even bother to speak when Elath carried her unconscious <Is he dead?> 
father into the room.
				
				***

   <No!  Got to keep her paying attention!  She has to tell me!>  "Look at me!" 
she screamed.  "Tell me where Reelan is or your father will never wake up!"  
Mihoshi remained silent.  Elath made a fatal mistake.  She fired the shot.  As 
the blood spread across the floor, she knew that, hostages used up, there was no 
way she'd get the information to save her beloved.  Before she could begin to 
think of what to do next, the space station shook and a loud "clank" 
reverberated through it.  

				***

   "Docking clamps secure!" reported the Assault Team Beta unit 1.  "Roger," 
replied Arnam, Assault Team Alpha unit 1.  "Let's move out!"  Over the 
Mnemosyne's intercom, she announced the ultimatum.  "Elath Iven, this is the GP.  
Three of our ships are blockading this station, and our rescue team has landed.  
Surrender yourself and your hostages immediately."  

				***

   Elath knew it was over.  Her ship would be powerless against a pack of GP 
cruisers, and there was no way she could hold off an entire assault team by 
herself.  She knew well what happened to those the GP caught.  Being handed off 
to local authorities was not pleasant; some of the backwater worlds she'd gone 
through still allowed execution by torture.  
   <I've failed you, Reelan.>  In her heart she knew he would not, could not 
ever forgive her.  Paradise was gone forever.  While he met whatever destiny the 
GP had in store for him, she would choose her own, with honor.  She brought the 
barrel of the blast pistol to her mouth.  
   "Forever."  Reelan's voice flashed through her thoughts in her the final 
moments as the energy projectile sped upward; her destiny compressed into a 
single burst of pure energy.  Then her inner voice fell silent as most of her 
brain impacted on the pristine ceiling.  

				***

   In front of Arnam, a fellow officer stood motionless.  Arnam stepped forward, 
prepared to let her colleague know how her laziness endangered the lives of the 
hostages.  The scene past the doorway swung into her field of view, and the 
words froze in her mind.  
   Flecks of blood littered the shining walls of the white room.  At least two 
people had died in this room; a third looked probable.  And Mihoshi.  Alive.  
Good.  Good?  Arnam hated to think of the psych work this would require; would 
the rising star she had staked her reputation on survive intact?  <That's what I 
think about?  My reputation?>  Arnam shut her eyes in disgust at both what she 
saw in the room and what she saw about herself.  But Mihoshi's whispering voice 
interrupted her thoughts.  Without inflection, without thought, the sobbing 
detective spoke softly.
   "don't know.  I don't know don't know.  don't know I don't know I swear oh 
god please I don't know."

----------------------------------------------------------------------
***********Final notes:
   "Serial number" sounded silly for a spaceship, and I thought it would be 
mildly amusing if, in space, ships were registered with UINs, (Universal 
Identifying Numbers, used in the popular chat program ICQ), so I put that in. 
   I've been told the profanity is a bit excessive--all I can say is that most 
of the people I know talk in a similar fashion when they lose their keys; what 
would the stress be like if they lost their families? I edited out a bit of it,
but if you think it's at an offensively high level, of course let me know in 
email so I can do it differently next time I write something like this.

***********About The Author:
   Karlmarks is an anonymous internet personality.  You could know him in real 
life.  Scary, huh?  

@@@@@@This part is important!@@@@@@
@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
Email him--

markskarl@hotmail.com

--with comments of ANY kind.  If you read it, please let me know what you 
thought.  "Good" or "Bad" would do (though anything constructive would put me in 
your incredible and eternal debt.)  And yes, I realize Mihoshi you all know and 
love doesn't act like that, and she won't, two years later. If you think it's a 
bit unclear, tell me so I can put an intro on the next chapter in clarification.  
anything at all would be appreciated.  Take five minutes out of your life to let 
me know it's not a cold, uncaring world, after all.
@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
@@@@@@This part is important@@@@@@


"But I don't believe in God
So I can't be saved
All alone, as I've learned to be
In this mess I have made"
   --Ben Folds Five, "Mess"
