

                           Project Messatsu
                          The Lost Creation        
                                  by
                         Divine Death Dragon


The power to give life is something few people ever really think about, the 
power of it is something that is so hard for people to really ever imagine, 
but when you create life and his purpose is for your doing and not his own 
then you have made a slave and when that certain slave revolts against you, 
you start to wonder why? is easy to figure out thought there pain will make 
you suffer beyond measure and the ones you love suffer because of your wrong 
doings to them, Washu was in her lab sitting back and thinking about her 
worst creation she ever created, she remembered it all to well, he was a 
magnificent beast indeed, but he was uncontrollable, his power surpassed that 
of even Tokimi, Tsunami, and Washu her self, all was going well but something 
happened and he started thinking on his own and not obeying Washu's command, 
Washu remembered it all to well that day of his escape the day Messatsu 
claimed the lives of nearly seventeen trillion galaxies and all its 
inhabitants. he him self could have destroyed the entire universe himself but 
failed because Washu sealed him in a dimension never to return but thats what 
she thought. this is how all of this started Tenchi and friends against The 
ultimate weapon of complete mass destruction Messatsu.


Washu was in her lab trying to see if her worst creation was still in 
dimension fourteen, the dimension where Messatsu lay there dormant in his 
eternal slumber for all of eternity, but there was a problem, Washu checked 
the dimension to see if he was still there but he wasn't at all, Washu became 
frantic it was impossible that a being twice or maybe three times the size of 
souja could possibly be missing, a being of that size could be found, 
couldn't he?, maybe not Messatsu was unlike another creation ever made 
before, and had all of Washu's knowledge as well as the powers of Tokimi and 
Tsunami, see Messatsu was created from literally everything, this also 
included Washu and Tsunami and Tokimi, now he was no where to be found.

(It seemed that he is gone out of a dimension that was supposed to be 
inescapable or so )Washu thought.

Washu fell to her knees and cried to herself, nobody was possible of killing 
Messatsu, it just was not possible, and now somewhere in space he is there in 
hiding, but soon he will come out and his presence will be known.

(What should I do, I am Washu greatest scientific genius in the universe and 
now I am going to die no the entire universe is going to die by the hands of 
Messatsu, my worst creation, what should I do, and what should I do about 
him, and who should I tell, even if I were to tell Tenchi and everyone else, 
they would all fall to him, he is unlike any creator I ever made before, I 
must figure a way to stop him before he starts destroying the universe again, 
and what makes it worse he knows everything I know as well as all the powers 
I once had.)thought Washu.

"So Messatsu you have finally escaped, what are you going to do now, I dont 
know what you'll do but I swear I will kill you!"swore Washu looking up in 
her lab.

                                                        Half way across the 
universe 

Messatsu has finally appeared out of dimension fourteen, he was near by a 
planet called ziachi3, a back water planet like earth but a little but 
bigger. as Messatsu came near the planet hordes of endless ships came to the 
planet in fear of the massive creature known as Messatsu, he just turned his 
head to see all these ships that were prepared to fire at him, Messatsu moved 
closer to the planet, and the people fired all the weapons from there ships 
as well as the planet it self.Messatsu just looked to see these pitiful 
beings actually trying to kill him, he was a being at least twice the size of 
souja and was shaped like a dragon with seven wings arching out his back with 
a huge tale as well, yet they still try to kill him, he pityed them for 
trying to kill an immortal, Messatsu slowly growled and formed an energy ball 
in his hand, he growled again and the ball grew to the size of the moon, he 
looked at them then threw the energy straight towards the planet, he looked 
with great amusement as all the ships stop firing at him and tried to destroy 
the energy, the ball slowly came into the atmosphere and decanted towards the 
planet, all the space ship's shot everything they had to stop the ball but it 
was to no avail, as a young innocent girl no older than the age of eight 
see's the terror in the sky as millions of ships still try to destroy the 
beam raining down on the helpless planet, she looked up with terror as she 
screamed before she died instantly, with in a matter of seconds her life is 
gone.Messatsu looks in silence as the beam finally collided with the planet 
and completely destroyed the entire inhabitants, in a matter of seconds over 
four million people had just died in one instant, it was to easy for Messatsu 
to kill these pathetic fools.

(Washu, heheheheh you are going to feel death like no other, you had made me 
suffer so much now I am going to take great pleasure  of killing you as well 
as your so called sister's Tsunami and Tokimi, and to think you going to die 
by your own creation and theres nothing you can do to stop me!, ah but you 
are not going to be the first to die, no I am going to put you threw living 
hell just like you had put me, all those experiments that was done to me and 
all those countless hours being worked on and being sustained in that cage 
and the countless years trapped in that dimension, but before I kill you I am 
going to Kill your precisious little daughter soon, but first I am going to 
destroy the greatest empire in the universe, or so what every one thinks 
anyways!, with them gone I will be feared like no other!)thought Messatsu 
while just waiting there in utter silence in the far reaches of space.

For what seemed like an eternity Messatsu just stared looking at where the 
planet once was, it was nothing to Messatsu after all he did destroy 
seventeen trillion galaxy's and one planet was nothing but small game to him, 
Messatsu finally started to move, he went not to earth supriseingly he went 
to the place with the highest power in the universe, that place was Jurai, if 
Jurai was destroyed then it would be heard around the universe that the 
greatest empire fell in on swift blow, and in the blink of an eye Messatsu 
was gone and was on his was to Jurai.

Washu lay in her chair thinking on what to do, this was like a puzzle, a 
puzzle that was impossible to solve, Washu was starting to realize when an 
alarm came on her computer, the Zion system was deveasted, the planet Ziachi3 
was completely destroyed, now Washu was did think it was Messatsu but it 
could have been anything else, all scanners check saying that it was a Non-
elemental-zero explosion, the only people who are able to do that were 
Tokimi, Tsunami, Ryoko, Washu herself, and Messatsu.it was just the beginning 
for Washu and she knew it her creation would never be defeated, not even if 
all three goddess with the power of Tenchi would not be able to kill him, 
maybe the only person who could beat him was someone that was a complete 
mystery to her, that being Tokimi, her powers was just like Messatsu if not 
still stronger, but even Tokimi may fall to Him for Messatsu was that strong, 
Washu just thought and thought to see what would she do to end it all.

Washu got up from her chair and left the lab where she saw Tenchi and 
everyone else in the living room, it was such a nice site to her her friends 
having a grand ol time, but soon it would not last, and it was all her fault, 
already one whole planet was destroyed and Jurai was next but Washu did not 
know that, she looked at them and sat down on a near by chair, everyone 
looked at her, especially Tenchi, he knew something was up, normally Washu 
would make her presence known in some way but this time she was quiet and 
seemed very tired.

"Little Washu is something wrong you seem worried."asked Tenchi, breaking 
free from Ryoko and Ayeka and going to her.

"Yes Tenchi there is something wrong!, and it dosent matter what I do I cant 
stop it."said Washu no louder than a whisper.

(Did I just hear what I thought I heard, Washu not being able to do 
something, this is a first if I can ever remember, something must be up for 
her to be so down, I just hope it isn't that bad)thought Tenchi putting his 
arm on her shoulder.

"Tell me Washu, what are you talking about."replied Tenchi  who was know full 
of concern.

"Yes miss Washu would you please tell us whats wrong."asked Ayeka breaking 
free of her little brawl with Ryoko.

"Well its best that I show you instead, everyone please come in my 
lab."retorted Washu who felt so depressed to bring her friends into the 
colossal battle that was soon to come.

Washu and everyone else made there way into her lab, the followed the 
scientist to a big area  with five chairs, Ayeka, Sasami, Ryoko, Mihoshi, and 
Tenchi all took a seat, and a huge projection screen came up, but it didn't 
play just yet.

"Listen everyone what I am about to show you I deeply regret ever doing, I 
hope you can forgive me for what I have done."stated Washu move away from the 
screen and turning on the projection and a tape started to play, but before 
it started to play everyone was curious of what Washu meant.the tape started 
to play.the title of the project was called Project Messatsu.

                                                       The  Project Messatsu 
Tape.

"Hello my name is Washu, right behind me is my most greatest creation yet, he 
is a being made of literally everything possible, he has all the knowledge of 
myself and the power of everything else, so far everything is going correctly 
as planned he should be out soon, he is in a indestructible container with 
water like liquid containing him, this liquid will sustain him from doing any 
damage,  his sole creation is to be the protector of the entire 
universe."said Washu.

Behind Washu was a huge clear glass tube that sustained the being, he started 
to stir in the glass and it started to sway side to side, Washu became 
worried as he stirred enough and the glass eventually the glass broke and all 
the liquid that was there splashed down to the floor pushing Washu several 
feet away, Washu looked up in suprise as Messatsu opened his eyes, Washu 
looked at his eyes, they were a marvelous gold, the being roared and started 
to cause havoc in the lab, and destroyed several things but they were of no 
importance, Washu did the only thing she could do at the time and that was to 
flee for the moment.
                                                 
                                                         Tape 2 of Project 
Messatsu

"Well everything is going according to plan, but not with out loss, Messatsu 
has already destroyed around a total of sixteen or seventeen TRILLION 
galaxies, I am so sorry for ever make such a beast, now I am going to try to 
set thing right, with this XJRY-17 beam, it will send him to dimension 
fourteen to my knowledge a unknown place even to me, well I am off, I am so 
sorry for what I have done "said Washu before facing Messatsu.

Washu stood fearlessly to Messatsu, he was HUGE yet she stood strong for she 
knew he had the power to change his form, Messatsu just looked down at Washu 
in curiosity and she shot a bluish ball of energy at him, Messatsu was to 
arrogant for his own good and the beam collided with him, and with in  
several moment he started to vanish from this dimension, he roared and looked 
at Washu with such vengeance and hate and then he vanished form the depth of 
space and was now in dimension fourteen.

                                                       Tape 3 of Project 
Messatsu

"Well Messatsu has been sealed away for good and will never bring harm to us 
again, but I have done wrong to us, so I am doing the only thing I can think 
of, this is a Non-elemental-zero beam of energy that I am holding in my very 
hand, this beam has the power of the gods and with this power behold I will 
strike it at the closest sun, fear not it will not explode the sun but it 
will make a huge explosion, it wont destroy anything but the entire universe 
will not know what ever happened to all those galaxies missing, I have caused 
so much pain to the universe I can not bare for them to suffer and have to 
remember what has happened so with this all will be forgotten around the 
universe I am sorry for what I have done but this is all I can do.....forgive 
me., I beg of you forgive me."said Washu.

The tapes had finished and Sasami, Ayeka, Mihioshi, Tenchi, and Ryoko had the 
mouths wide open in shock, it was something that they didn't expect to hear 
about.especially from the greatest genius in the universe.

"Uhh uhhh....Washu...umm ugg."Tenchi couldn't even say anything he was so 
speechless as well as everyone else

"Listen everyone it gets worse, I found out that Messatsu has escaped the 
dimension that I put him in."stated Washu.

".......so where is he then."spoke up Ayeka afraid of the anwser she may 
here.

"Thats the thing Ayeka, everyone I do not  know of where he is, I check the 
scanners and I cant find him and I am afraid where he possibly is."Replied 
Washu.

With out warning all the sirens went off, cause everyone to jump and wonder 
what the hell was going on.then with out warning the lab computer spoke.

"Warning..warning...Jurai is being attacked..warning..warning Jurai is being 
attacked."

Washu ran to her computer and turned her screen on and an image came up.it 
showed not the best thing to see, there he was Messatsu, and Washu was just 
there in time before he getting ready to destroy everything, Ayeka, Sasami, 
Mihoshi, Tenchi, and even Ryoko's face had all gone pale, Washu said he was 
big, but not that big he was around half the size of Jurai itself.they all 
were going to witness the death of the greatest empire in the universe.

                                                    The Fall Of The Greatest 
Empire

Jurai, the strongest empire in the entire universe, or so we thought, before 
all the Jurains on the planet looked up to see him, the one who struck fear 
into them all, his power could be felt, there he was Messatsu the great being 
of destruction against the greatest empire ever known.

"Emperor Azura reports say that...that thing has not been phased by any of 
our attacks thus far!"yelled a soldier who was worried.
"
Well do something about it then, our empire will not fall to this thing!, I 
wont allow it, find away and kill him."yelled Azura.

The soldier  nodded and ran out the throne room and ran to the army of Jurai, 
there countless millions of ships were being sent off, some ships were better 
than others, some had the lighthawk wings to help them, normally that would 
work on any form of enemy but not Messatsu, he also had the power of the 
lighthawk wings as well as many other tricks up his sleeve, a huge explosion 
was heard, the soldier fell to the floor, for two more minutes explosions 
were heard back to back and louder than the next, when the exploding finally 
stopped he got up and saw at least eighty thousand Jurains dead right before 
him, he was sicked by the sight of so many dead, he looked up to see still 
millions of ships attack there attacker, he saw his ship, armed with the gou-
gou-plex bomb.a bomb that could blow up there entire galaxy, being the best 
aerial fighter had its perks, he got up into his ship and took off.

Upon ascending towards space all he could see was mass amounts of ships 
blowing up or being destroyed, bad enough that the planet was being 
devastated by Messatsu's attacks, the soldier made it to space and saw 
carnage like no other, his ships was so small compared to Messatsu, it was 
like a needle no...not in a hay stack but more like a needle in a galaxy, he 
flew closer knowing full well that everyone knows he has the bomb.yet they 
still fired not paying attention to him, as quick as possible he flew behind 
Messatsu only to see ships as well trying to kill him.

It was an umbearable sight to see, he flew closer to him being now only a few 
yards above him, dropping the bomb proved to be more difficult than expected, 
Messatsu's wings were so distracting, he finally had and open spot, and 
released the bomb, it fell slowly towards him, the bomb landed on him, it did 
not blow up just yet, there was a minute delay for the people to evacuate, 
and that the did, they all fled back to the planet, Messatsu new something 
was wrong, why would they just stop attacking, he paid no mind to it and 
continued to attack the ships fleeing then in a blink of a second a bright 
light surrounded Messatsu and a Massive explosion was heard as well as 
seen.the Jurains were happy to hear a loud roar die out in the explosion, 
after several minutes of waiting to see if Messatsu was still alive they 
found out and it shocked them.

There he was but his wings were totally messed up to say the least, the 
Jurains weren't to happy, Messatsu opened his eyes and actually smiled and a 
red aura came around him, the soldiers didn't know what to make of it until 
the aura founded three wings, the same three wings that Tenchi was able to 
produce and in the same spot but they were red instead of blue.these wings 
were the Light Hawk Wing's, Messatsu put his arms threw two of the wings and 
a full scale of reddish  armor surrounded him, he grabbed the last wing and a 
blood tinted  sword was created, his wings that were hurt were now healed, he 
stood there motionless as the ships returned to fire at him, but it was 
useless, the soldier who dropped the bomb fled back to Jurai for another 
arming.

He started to flee but never made it as the Lighthawk sword of Messatsu 
struck his ships and shattered it instantly, Messatsu just looked at them in 
amusement as the ships just fired everything try had from laser's to bombs to 
even suicidal maniacs to crash into him to hurt him but nothing could get 
passed the armor of Messatsu who just waited for them to give in but they 
never did, Messatsu flew slowly above the planet while the Jurains kept on 
trying to kill Messatsu which was now proving useless, emperor Azura with 
Misaki and Funaho just looked toward the sky to see there attacker, they 
stopped there just looking at Messatsu, Messatsu descended to the planet, he 
grew tired of these petty ships and destroyed them with one swift blow of his 
Light Hawk Sword.Messatsu lay in the sky motionless over the emperor.

Messatsu looked down at them, his golden eyes struck fear in to them,  he 
slowly flew past the emperor and the empresses and went to the space tree 
Tsunami, this was it, the space tree Tsunami, Messatsu landed right infront 
of the tree, it proved difficult to land, being that large had its draw backs 
though he could change his appearance he choose not to, slowly he raised the 
Light Hawk Sword to strike it, as he was getting ready so destroy the tree 
when a blue aura surrounded the tree, Messatsu looked in awe as the tree 
sprung out of the ground and was formed into a blue energy ball the size of a 
bowling ball, its slowly raised into the air and took of at an amazing speed.

Its was faster than even Messatsu, he paid no mind for he knew where it was 
going anyway, slowly he turned to see the jurians still trying to do the very 
best to kill him which was useless, but all was failing, emperor Azura went 
and got the galaxy police for assistance, but they would arrive later and 
time was something that the empire had, Messatsu took off in the air and went 
back into space to see that there were massive Jurain ships were blasting 
everything they had from bombs to lasers even to useing more gou-gou-plex 
bombs, but even they couldn't affect the Light Hawk Armor, the galaxy police 
finally arrived to see carnage like its was never seen before, Messatsu saw 
the galaxy police and growled softly, he was pleased to see such 
determination in such pathetic creators, on Jurai the emperor and his 
empresses did the un think able and decided to flee, and what better place to 
go then to where there children were.

So they decided to go to the earth, they prepared the ship and got on, with 
out warning the entire palace was gone, the ship took of at a great pace and 
was on its way to earth, the planet Jurai now looked like meatball, 
completely wasteless, for several more hours they fought Messatsu and even 
with the help with the galaxy police they still were loseing, he looked at 
them just trying to fight him, he sighed and finally lay waste to them all, 
but how, destroying them all on by one was boring so why not go out with a 
bang, Messatsu left the planet Jurai and was out of the Jurai galaxy, he 
looked at the galaxy, it was beautiful and it was going to be destroyed , 
Messatsu formed his sword into a red ball of energy.

He looked at it, and thrusted it at the galaxy's center, though Jurai it self 
was not in the center of the galaxy the saw the Massive energy collided with 
it, with in a matter of second the Jurai Galaxy and the galaxy police was 
being torn apart from the inside out, the galaxy blew up with a bang, 
Messatsu was proud of him self, what was the seventeen trillion and one 
galaxies he destroyed, who know he destroyed so many he couldn't really keep 
track, now there was a little something he still had to do, that was being 
the anilation of the emperor and the empresses, for they were not going to 
escape either.

                                                          Aboard the Fleeing 
ship

The ship lay there emperor and the empresses, they what seemed to be the last 
of the people of all Jurai with the exception of Ayeka and Sasami, there 
planet, galaxy, culture everything gone with in a blink of an eye from a 
beast which just came to destroy them for no apparent reason, and he dam well 
succeeded to, there home was gone and there only place that they thought of 
was earth where there children were, and to Azura the thought of living with 
that boy was sickening but he had no choice but how would they react thought 
Azura but unknown to him Ayeka and Sasami saw the whole event and were 
stunned, but it was a hard hour of pain as the empresses were crying on the 
emperor, there kingdom, vanished, as if things could not get anyworse they 
did, a huge unknown form was infront of them, there ship stop, the emperor 
knew who it was, he stopped there looking at him, the form raised his sword, 
slowly the two empresses went to the side of the emperor and looked at 
Messatsu, he put his arm around his wives and closed his eyes, Messatsu 
looked at them, so helpless, just like he was, he growled wickedly and his 
golden eyes struck them in fear as he brought down his sword and the fleeing 
ship was destroyed in one powerful shot, now there was only one thing left to 
do and that was to make Washu suffer, but what better way than to kill her 
very own daughter.

(That was to easy for me, my power is unequaled, I cannot be stopped the fact 
that I am the strongest being in the universe is well boring, no one can 
match my power and it was all because of that stupid Washu, thank you for 
making me perfect but now you'll suffer, all this power means nothing to me, 
I want your head, you will suffer just like I have but worse, now with that 
petty Jurain galaxy is destroyed I can go and kill your daughter, hmmm as for 
the space tree Tsunami bah you think I dont know what will happen, please I 
am already prepared for it Washu, it is time for me to go to earth and 
destroy your life.)thought Messatsu

Slowly the Light Hawk Wing's disappeared from him, he now went towards earth 
the place where the survival of the universe will be at stake.in a blink of 
an eye Messatsu was gone on his way to earth.

                                                                    What To 
Do?

Everyone was in pure shock, right before there very eyes the greatest empire 
was gone, not even Ryoko was able to do that, Messatsu's power was truly 
unequaled, Ryoko was the first person to speak.

"What the hell do we do now MOM!"scremed Ryoko at the very end.

"Well this is why we are all here, me my self I dont think I have the power 
to destroy him."stated Washu.

"So let me get this straight, a huge thing you created just destroyed the 
Jurain empire!"yelled Ryoko.

Washu just lowered her head in silence as Ayeka and Sasami were crying 
uncontrollable.

"YOU!"said an uneasy voice that was wavering.

Washu raised her head only to be slapped several times by a heartbroken 
Ayeka, Tenchi was taken back by this action but did what was thought best and 
stopped Ayeka from hitting Washu any further.Tenchi was suprised to see Ayeka 
do such and action but who could blame her, she lost everything.

"How could you make such a thing, this is totally unforgivable of you 
Washu!"yelled Ayeka threw her sobs and slapped Washu again.

Washu put her hand to her no soar face and rubbed it, and turned her head 
away from the group.

"Ayeka......., I dont expect forgiveness from you or Sasami or in that case 
any one else but I dont wasn't any other worlds to die." replied Washu who 
felt ashamed

"Oh very noble of you now Washu, but its too late my home and family is gone 
because of you..."yelled Ayeka getting ready to slap Washu again but was 
stopped by Tenchi before she could slap Washu again.

"Listen Ayeka you cant just keep blaming Washu, whats done was done NOW we 
need to settle on what at hand now, Ayeka, Sasami I am sorry but right now 
dont judge Washu, it cant be helped" said Tenchi going to Washu's side.

Washu felt relieved that at least Tenchi was still by his side..., even Ryoko 
took Ayeka side on this one, Washu was in utter misery and a voice popped in 
her head not heard ever before.

(Hello Washu, guess who this is!)said a rather dreaded and hateful voice.

"who's there?"(who's there?).said and thought Washu.

Everyone looked at Washu like if she were crazy, she was talking to herself, 
the only people who understood this was Ryoko and Washu and maybe Ryo-ohki.

(Washu, I told you I wont die, now I am going to kill you for what you have 
done!)said that voice

(M.......Messatsu!?!?!?!?!?!?)thought Washu.

(Why yes, Washu, I know your thinking on how this is possible, well think 
genius if I am made from everything including I got that traight, though for 
some reason I only got it from you and not Tokimi, Tsunami and Ryoko.)said 
Messatsu to Washu threw there mind link

(What do you want Messatsu, ill give you anything but dont destroy anything 
please)pleaded Washu

(What I want you cant give, your genius made me from everything possible and 
made me and immortal stupid!, what I want is for you to suffer and that means 
I have to kill your precious daughter, the one who you call Ryoko, since I 
cant die I am going to put you threw hell like you have never seen then I 
will kill you!)said Messatsu right back.


(No dont anything please, but not my daughter, you can take me and kill me 
but not my daughter!)screamed Washu threw there link.

(Tsk tsk tsk why do you care she dosent see you as a mother, well no matter I 
am coming to your planet and the first thing that is going to die is HER)said 
Messatsu threw there mind link and that was that, he was gone the link hand 
been broken.

Washu just fell to the floor crying, everyone just looked at her, Tenchi most 
of all was worried, Washu was always one of the strong ones in the household 
and to see her like this was not normal.

"Listen to me, Messatsu is coming to earth soon."said Washu crying like never 
before.

"Dont worry Washu we will stop him."said Tenchi trying to cheer her up.

"I doubt it Tenchi he is going to kill me and everyone else."replied Washu.

"No he wont, he wont hurt you or anyone else for that matter."said Tenchi 
comforting her.

"Thats the thing Tenchi, he is  going to kill me but he is going to make me 
suffer first, he is going to kill........he is going to kill...Ryoko."stated 
Washu barely.

"Why me I didn't do anything, well I dont care I will kill him singled 
handily if I have to."said Ryoko becoming angered.

"Well everyone lets just calm down and lets go to sleep, we will talk about 
this in the morning, but everyone go to sleep ok."stated Tenchi.

All the girls looked at him and nodded there heads and went to sleep or so 
Tenchi thought, each of the girls were up but only in the rooms.

                                                            Ayeka and 
Sasami's room

Ayeka just looked at her younger sister who cried herself to sleep, she 
herself was on the breaking point of doing the very same, it was hard to see 
her whole family and friends die
just like that, Ayeka looked exhausted and thought on last thing before she 
decided to sleep.

(I am Ayeka Jurai, first princess of the planet Jurai, but now I am a 
princess of a nearly dead race all because of Washu, how could she?, so many 
are dead, my mom, my farther, my beloved Yosho, even he died going there for 
his reasons, my friends, all of them dead, all I have is my family here, I 
swear Washu I will get you for this, I will make sure of that I swear)thought 
Ayeka before she cried her self to sleep.

                                                                 Mihoshi's 
room

Mihoshi may not be the brightest among the group but she to understood what 
had just happened, she to did suffer a great deal, it was bad enough for her 
to find out several hours ago her best friend and best partner officer Kiyone 
had died in battle fighting Messatsu, she to cried but did not take a grudge 
against Washu.

(Oh Washu, I feel so terrible, but I cant blame you, what happened just 
happened and we cant change anything, but we can mend it, I may not me the 
smartest but I know you did not mean for this to happen.)thought Mihoshi 
before falling asleep.

                                                             Tenchi's room

Tenchi was in his room in his bed thinking about what to do, so many people 
died and now it seemed to be once again up to him to stop this, but so many 
people are dead, even Tenchi blamed Washu just a little but would never 
actually admit it he could not be angry at her, everyone makes mistakes and 
some make mistakes bigger than others, he was about to go to sleep when Ryoko 
slowly appeared in his room, normally he would tell her to stop this, or go 
crazy and make a scene so she could leave but decided not to, he was never 
awake to see what she would really do, so he kept quiet waiting to see what 
she would do or say.

"Oh Tenchi....i...love you so much and I wont let that thing kill you, I wont 
allow it my love, you mean to much to me."said Ryoko to a supposedly asleep 
Tenchi.

Tenchi just listened to Ryoko as she started to sing a song that was very 
familiar song, a song he remembered when he was young, and it was only at the 
cave when he always heard it.he waited silently to hear her.

"Tenchi do you remember the song I used to sing to you when you were you?, 
hehehe your probably forgot just like you could not see me anymore at the 
cave, even to this day I sing it to you not knowing, why because  you mean so 
much to me and I will still sing it to you FOREVERMORE..............feel the 
wind.....feel the sun.....our new day in paradise has only begun........on 
the sand.....by the sea..its a peaceful oasis made for you and for 
me.......take my hand...........this place was  always waiting.......this 
beauty all around us.......the air intoxicated..........just like the love 
that found us.......lets forget who weave been......and give in to the 
dream......, maybe life's is a song... that show it seems.... and forevermore 
we'll hear the music play.......yes forevermore I'll take you in my arms this 
way..and forever more we'll know the melody...we will sing forevermore just 
like the peaceful sea.........past the clouds....past the sky we can only 
imagine what great mysteries lye.....other moons other stars.... close you 
eyes and together well go wandering far.... take my hand..this miracle is 
undying it will never forsake us....well always keep on flying......were ever 
love may take us...lets forget who weave been and give in to the dream..maybe 
life's is a song..thats who it seems...and forevermore well hear the music 
play.......yes forevermore I'll take you in my arms this way..and forever 
more well know the melody...we will sing forevermore just like the peaceful 
sea............." said Ryoko who sung her song the the supposedly asleep 
Tenchi

Tenchi remembered that song all to well, Ryoko had sung him that song before 
to him when he was a child and now just that he was always asleep and never 
heard he voice when she sang it until now....it was to say beautiful, but he 
never knew who sang it until now.

Ryoko finished her song and went over and kissed Tenchi over the forehead, 
without knowing Tenchi smiled infront of Ryoko after she kissed him....Ryoko 
was about to leave when she was grabbed by an arm....thats being Tenchi of 
course...Ryoko froze...know one ever heard her sing and less much enough 
Tenchi had caught her in the act at that, and that was embarrassing.

"Ryoko.....that.....was......beautiful...where did you learn it..."said 
Tenchi in awe.

Ryoko just turned around to see him..., she thought that he would be angry 
because she kissed him or because she was in his room, Ryoko smiled and 
thought she would have been lectured about her kissing him on the forehead, 
but that never came up.she just smiled and teleported away and Tenchi jut 
shrugged his shoulders and this time went to sleep but before he did he 
remembered that song.

(Now I remember that song, infact I never forgot it, but I never knew who 
sung it.it was by the cave when my mother died I heard it in the cave and it 
made me feel better and know I know why, such love and yet I cant return 
in...one day ill choose but as for know I cant...i have to deal with this 
Messatsu..)thought Tenchi going to sleep.

                                                              Washu's room

Washu lay in her room in her lab sitting on her bed, soon...soon they will 
have to go up against something that was made just for no reason at all, 
Washu for once looked around to see what she had before her, she had friends 
family of some sorts and love from everyone but that was changing all because 
of her, if she never decided to create Messatsu in the first place none of 
this would have happened.Washu just thought and thought and thought some 
more.

(I am Washu the greatest genius in the universe, no I can not even say that, 
who am I kidding I know full well Messatsu is smarter than me, I mean he has 
the knowledge of dam near everything, I must be able to stop him, maybe with 
the power of Tsunami we may stand a chance, but I still seriously doubt that 
we will still win, never in my life have I regret anything, but now I regret 
this, oh Messatsu I will kill you even if it mean I have to die!)thought 
Washu.

(Is that so dear Washu, well well see, thought I know that will never happen 
after I kill you pathetic daughter, then ill kill Sasami, Ayeka, Mihoshi, 
Tenchi, and then you, and about Tsunami, that pathetic merger wont do 
anygood, please you think I didn't think that already, you better be prepared 
Washu for you better cherish these moments for they will be you last, me 
prepared I'll be there in four days.......)said Messatsu threw there mind 
link.

Washu just looked towards the ceiling of her lab and cried her self to sleep, 
this was to much torment for her, and soon very soon there would be a 
apocalyptic battle, but for know it was just hell in the mind.

                                                                   Tsunami

Across the galaxies the energy of the goddess of Tsunami races towards earth 
to its master of you will, that being Sasami, to think that is the last space 
tree except Funaho which is on earth rooted.

(I am a goddess, yet I still fear this creation, its not like I could just up 
and think it away, its just didn't work that way especially not with 
Messatsu, now I must merge with Sasami to stop Messatsu nut will it be 
enough?, I my self dont know and hope so, I pray that my power with Washu's 
and Ryoko with the help of Tenchi will be strong enough to kill him)thought 
Tsunami racing towards earth.

The gleaming energy glides towards earth only to be followed by a certain 
enemy, true Messatsu is almost nine trillion miles way at the moment, but 
with his out rages speed he could be here in three days earth time, and 
Tsunami would make it four days before Messatsu would land so they would have 
some time for the battle up ahead, but the question would be still, when the 
time comes then what?, how could they take on a living being that size, who 
know but time would tell for them soon it will happen.

                                                                       DAY 1

Soon in four day's everything that Washu loved would be eliminated, by her 
own creation and there was really nothing that could be done about it, Washu 
woke up and went out of her room and went in her lab, it was awful for her, 
Washu groggily went up to her computer, slowly she checked Messatsu's 
position, he was now only five trillion miles away and was still gaining, 
Washu just left the computer in disgust, it wasn't like she could keep 
anything secret from Messatsu, he could read her mind, Washu went out of he 
lab and went in the living room where she saw Ryoko and Mihoshi just sitting 
there, Mihoshi was reading a book, while Ryoko just sat there in thought, 
true Washu could peek threw her mind but Ryoko never liked it, and at this 
moment doing that would probably make her very mad.Washu just looked at her 
daughter who didn't bother to even look at her and went in the kitchen where 
Sasami and Tenchi were.Both Sasami and Tenchi saw the scientist, she was a 
wreck, she didn't look like her normal confident self, she looked depressed 
and betrayed.

"Good morning Washu."said Sasami who was still sad from the planet Jurai 
being destroyed and her parents being killed.

"Hello Sasami, I am sorry Sasami this is all my fault I swear I didn't mean 
for this to happen you must believe me."said Washu who ran up to Sasami 
hugging her.

"I know Washu, we know you would never do anything to hurt us."said Sasami 
crying.

"Sasami there are two things important I need to tell you."said Washu still 
hugging her.

"What is it Washu?"asked the young princess who looked at Washu curiously.

"Well the first thing is that the space tree Tsunami has escaped Jurai and 
will be coming to earth to merge with you in attempts to kill Messatsu, 
second is that Messatsu will be arriving in four days and Tsunami will be 
arriving in three days."said wahsu finally releasing Sasami.

The young princess looked at the scientist and hugged her again, it was bad 
enough that Ayeka wanted to KILL Washu for creating Messatsu but that could 
not be helped right now.

"Thank you for telling me this, Washu do you think we can beat Messatsu even 
with me merging with Tsunami?"asked Sasami.

"Truthfully Sasami, the anwser is no, he is made from Tsunami as well and has 
her powers to some extent, I doubt we can win but I rather die trying than 
not try at all."said Washu.

The young princess smiled and started to cook breakfast, Washu on the other 
hand went back in her Tenchi looked at Washu and followed her in the lab, 
Washu went in her lab and went straight in her room, she sat down on the bed 
to relax, Tenchi came in her room, Washu looked horrible, Tenchi could not 
bare seeing one of his best friends and considered her family to be like 
this.

"Washu.....please dont be like this."said Tenchi try to make Washu happy or 
something along the lines.

"Be like what, all I did was get all of the people on Jurai killed like I did 
all those other galaxies, its all my fault and dont give me some dumb excuse 
for a  lecture or pity because that is not what I need right now."said Washu 
crying.

"Thats true Washu you dont need to be lectured or pityed what you need is 
your family to be by your side as we always will so stop this we are all in 
this together."said Tenchi.

Washu just looked up at Tenchi and smiled he was always the kind one even in 
the worst of things, she smiled and hugged him, one this was for sure who 
ever got Tenchi would be the lucky one, Washu and Tenchi got out of the lab 
and went to the dineing room and had breakfast with everyone, breakfast was 
unusually quiet, for one thing Ryoko and Ayeka didn't even argue or dare make 
a move on Tenchi and that was RARE, they just kept quiet and didn't say a 
word, breakfast finished and they all went there ways, Tenchi went to the 
cave where Ryoko used to be, while Ryoko was on her way to the cave not 
knowing Tenchi was going there as well.Ayeka and Sasami went to the space 
tree Funaho while Mihoshi and Washu just sat on the couch and watched 
television.

At the cave all was peaceful, it was so quiet and peaceful and it would all 
be lost to Messatsu life it self would be lost to Messatsu and it was up to 
Tenchi and his friends to stop him, as if stop Kagato was not  hard enough 
this had to happen, Tenchi walked up to a rock and sat down by it and closed 
his eyes and let the cool breeze calm him, he opened his eyes only to see 
Ryoko looking at him smiling.

"Hello Tenchi, what are you thinking about "asked Ryoko who sat next to him.

"Hi Ryoko, I am just thinking about Messatsu, ......if he beats us like Washu 
says then everything that we all cherish will be destroyed because of 
him."said Tenchi.

"Dont worry Tenchi I will stop him, I wont anything happen to you so dont 
worry."replied Ryoko.

Tenchi could only smile and just for once put his arm around Ryoko and she 
just put her head on his shoulder and relaxed and watched the sky, what 
seemed like hours were only minutes.

"Tenchi....do you think we can honestly kill Messatsu."asked Ryoko looking up 
at him.

"Honestly what I think is this, from the way Washu is acting I have to say 
no, she was always confident and ever since Messatsu showed up she is like a 
lost child who needs to be loved, and if Messatsu is a strong as Washu says 
then were all doomed but you never know we may stand a chance."said Tenchi.

Ryoko got up and so did Tenchi, they walked back home and while walking home 
they saw Ayeka and Sasami by the space tree, Tenchi and Ryoko both went to 
them, knowing full well they took this the worst, they had just lost damn 
near everything right infront of them, Ayeka and Sasami were both looking up 
at the sky it was painful for them, both were still crying, the pain of the 
lost was so great, Ryoko and Tenchi looked at each other and nodded, Ryoko 
vanished while Tenchi went to the Princesses.Tenchi walked to the two and 
they were still crying, never had Tenchi had felt so powerless, powerless to 
do what he does, help care for them, both Ayeka and Sasami looked up to see 
Tenchi walking to them.

"Hello Ayeka....Sasami how are you."said Tenchi.

"Hello lord Tench i............."cried Ayeka.

"Miss Ayeka please dont cry, please I hate to see you and Sasami crying."said 
Tenchi who put his arm on her shoulders.

"But I cant stop crying, everyone on Jurai is dead, my mother..., my 
farther...., everyone who knew me there is dead, and it is all because of 
that dam infernal scientist who says she is the greatest in the 
universe."said Ayeka still crying.

"That may be true Ayeka, but do you really think that this was done on 
purpose?, do you think Washu meant for this to happen."said Tenchi looking at 
the heart broken princess eye to eye

"No I dont but does it matter my whole planet is gone, I am a princess of a 
now dead race, and it is all because of her."said Ayeka.

"Ayeka we have only two options here, one is you could keep on blaming Washu 
and not do anything, or two you can help us kill Messatsu so this wont ever 
happen to anyone ever again, think of all the countless millions of people 
who are dead and those that will dye if we dont do something about it, please 
Ayeka help us kill Messatsu and forgive Washu."said Tenchi.

"Forgive...forgive her....i will never forgive her.., but I will do 
everything in my power to stop Messatsu."said Ayeka.

Tenchi was relieved a little that he knew at least Ayeka was going to help in 
defeating Messatsu, but what about Sasami?.

"Sasami, do you forgive Washu?, and will you help us?"said Tenchi.

"Yes Tenchi I forgive Washu and I will do anything that I can so this 
disaster wont happen to anyone."said Sasami getting up.

Ayeka and Tenchi got up and went with Sasami back to the house.

The walk was quiet and peaceful something that Messatsu was bound to destroy 
and that was something Tenchi didn't want to happen.this was his friends...., 
no this was his FAMILY and he wasn't going to let Messatsu kill them all.they 
arrived at the house to see a frantic Mihoshi in her galaxy police uniform.

"Is something wrong Mihoshi?."asked Tenchi looking at the detective.

"Oh Tenchi yeah there is a problem I found out that  Messatsu is fighting the 
entire galaxy police, and I must go and help them, its my duty as a galaxy 
police officer"said Mihoshi.

"Are you sure you want to do this Mihoshi because its very  dangerous, you 
might get killed, would you want us to go with you?."said a worried Tenchi.

"Yes I might die but I cant leave my comrades there in space fighting 
Messatsu, just stay here ok, this is s fight with the galaxy police not you, 
you need have a plan get Messatsu any way and I dont think you have one ready 
just yet, do not worry though Washu gave me a little something for 
Messatsu...please take care, ill miss you all...good bye Tenchi, Ayeka, 
Sasami, I already told Washu and Ryoko."said Mihoshi going to yocanojo.

Everyone went to see Mihoshi leave, though Mihoshi wasn't the very brightest 
people she was probably the most loyal and probably the most kindest, the 
ship took off to space and the beautiful detective as going to a battle that 
she would surely die.Tenchi looked up to see Mihoshi leave and prayed that 
she make out alive.

                                                    The Last Galaxy Police 
Detective

The ship blazed threw space as the detective thought about her friends, they 
were the world to her, she before never really felt so happy in her life, she 
felt needed and that made her happy, even if that was not true she wouldn't 
want that to happen, life is to precious and it was going to be taken away by 
Messatsu, a single tear fell from her face as she knew when she got to the 
battle it would be horrible, already her friend Kiyone had been killed, as 
well as a good portion of the galaxy police, this was something Mihoshi could 
not take.even Mihoshi wanted to kill Messatsu, never in her life had she ever 
wanted something dead, never in her life did she feel such anger until 
now.soon she would fight Messatsu.

For three hours the flight was silent there space, and all you could hear was 
the low hum of the engine as the ship flew past the stars of the galaxies, 
and then she saw it, a site in which made her face go pale, the battle that 
she had come all this way for was right before her very eyes, there he was 
Messatsu...that cold hearted bastard that killed so many people and was still 
killing so many people.Mihoshi closed her eyes and opened them and went to 
help her fellow galaxy police officers.

The battle was like a light show with mass amounts of blast being shot  
towards Messatsu, Mihoshi was now fully in the battle, she was one of over 
three hundred thousand ships fighting Messatsu, it was now a full scale war 
between war the galaxy police and Messatsu, with in thirty minutes at least 
forty percent of the ships were destroyed, as the battle ensued it was 
inevitable to see that the galaxy police were dyeing and soon it would be 
over, Messatsu turned to the had the galaxy police head quaters, slowly the 
ships protecting the head quaters were nothing more than a few hundred 
ships.in a bright flash, three wings appeared before Messatsu, these wings 
were immediately recognized by Mihoshi, she knew that they were the Light 
Hawk Wing's, slowly he put his two arms threw the wings and grabbed the last 
wing for a sword and the other two transformed into the armor, Messatsu 
raised his sword  up and held it there preparing to strike when he saw one 
specific ship, it was Mihoshi's ship, Messatsu smiled as he still continued 
to attack the head quaters, with the power of the Light Hawk Sword he struck 
the galaxy police in half just like when Tenchi did it to the souja.in a 
matter of seconds the galaxy police headquarters were totally wiped out with 
only three police officers left, one of those officers was Mihoshi, though 
battered and beaten Mihoshi still fought though she knew she would lose, now 
Messatsu turned to the three last remaining ships of the galaxy police, the 
ships were in a triangle formation, and still fired at Messatsu, slowly the 
Light Hawk Wing's disappeared and Messatsu turned to the last three ships, 
his golden eyes sparkled and two lasers came form his eyes and destroyed the 
two ships and now Mihoshi was now by herself against Messatsu.Mishoshi's ship 
stalled out as Messatsu started to come to her, she typed on her computer, 
what she had left was a bomb that Washu put on for her, it was Mihoshi's last 
resort, as she tried to fire the bomb it wouldn't fire but it was armed, 
Messatsu arched his wings up high getting Mihoshi's full attention with his 
right hand he grabbed the ship and destroyed it, but supriseingly Mihoshi was 
still alive, Messatsu had her in an energy sphere that kept her alive, he 
smiled as he put her in one of his wings where she lay asleep in stasis, 
Messatsu continued his journey back to earth while he kept the last galaxy 
police detective in his clutches.

(Hehehehe, ah Mihoshi you will be of good use to me, with you I have a trump 
card up my sleeve but now on to earth, hehehehehehe be prepared Washu, 
because in three days we will meet and you will feel the true power of 
Messatsu.)thought Messatsu flying threw space going on his way to earth.

                                                                       DAY 2


Washu woke up by a startling thought, she thought it might be Ryoko or Ryo-
ohki but it was neither it was the one who she dreaded it was Messatsu.

(Hello Washu, how have you been lately, I know I been doing 
well...heheheh)said Messatsu

(Would you leave me be, wa.....wait a minute your alive?, what did you do to 
the galaxy police!?)replied Washu

(Well arent we down to the point, well if you must know there all dead, 
everysingle one of them are dead, with the exception of your friend...the one 
you call Mihoshi)said Messatsu

(Why...why is she alive, I would think for sure that you would kill 
her.)replied Washu

(Oh no no no,  I have great plans for her, she will be of great use to me, 
and besides there isn't ANYTHING you can do to stop me, its true that Tsunami 
will be arriving before I do but do you think I really care your still going 
to die just like everything else but your going to suffer first and watch all 
you friends and family die right before your very eyes, then you die!)said 
Messatsu threw the mind link and then the link disappeared.

Washu got up from the couch in the living room, she had fallen  asleep there, 
it was 7:34 AM.it was early and Sasami already started to cook, she of all 
people may suffer the most, the merger with Tsunami may put her untold pain, 
she may not last threw the merger but Washu knew that they really didn't have 
a choice.

Slowly she got up and went into the kitchen and saw the young princess there, 
she had already started making breakfast and looked at Washu and smiled at 
her for they both knew they only had three days left of this carnival, a 
carnival that would end tragically.

"Hello Sasami, how are you doing?"asked Washu still feeling guilty .

"Oh hi Washu I am doing better now, and please dont feel bad about this 
Messatsu thing, I do not blame you for this ok, you mean to much to me to 
have a grudge against you."said Sasami smiling and gave Washu a hug  then 
started to continue cooking.

Washu smiled to her atleast Sasami and Tenchi were the only ones who took her 
side, as the time went by eventually breakfast came but unlike yesterday it 
was filled with nothing but chatter, the only thing wrong was that a certain 
blonde detective was missing and that was going to addressed by Washu and 
Washu did not know how they would take it, especially Ayeka, she is still 
grieving over her parents and this would make things only worse but Washu had 
not choice.breakfst was quiet for the first few minutes but Washu had made a 
statement.

"Excuse me but I have something to tell you all!"said Washu getting there 
attention.

'What is it Washu?, is there something wrong" asked Tenchi who was curious.

"Yes there is, it has to do with the galaxy police and Mihoshi."said Washu.

They all got quiet and wondered what did Washu mean, Ryoko looked at her 
mother Washu who she would never call her that in public or anywhere for that 
matter.they all waited for her next statement.

"I have just found out that the galaxy police are all dead.....except for 
Mihoshi that is."said Washu.

"How did you find this out Washu and how do you know if Mihoshi is 
alive."said Ryoko looking at Washu.

"The reason why I know is because like you and Ryo-ohki I also have a mental 
link with Messatsu and he told me himself that there all destroyed except 
Mihoshi, he said that he has some use for her but he never told me for 
what."said Washu.

Ryoko sat down then vanished from the table, Tenchi looked at Ryoko vanishing 
and then looked at Ayeka, she just had her eyes closed breathing slowly and 
relaxing, that statement caught everyone's attention.breakfest had finished 
and Ryoko was still nowhere to be seen.Sasami and went with Ayeka to the 
space tree Funaho and Tenchi and Washu cleaned up for Sasami and started 
talking to Washu in the living room.

"Washu are you ok."said Tenchi.

"Yeah Tenchi I am fine, I am just responsible for Jurai's death as well as 
the galaxy police and the 17 trillions galaxies gone."said Washu 
sadistically.

"Washu dont blame your self you didn't do anything wrong, what happened has  
happened, the past is the past, we must deal with present and deal with it, 
thinking about what you say you did wrong wont help and you know what I am 
saying is true just trying not and think like that, you are the greatest 
scientific genius in the universe and you should not be like this."said 
Tenchi hugging her.

Tenchi looked at her and then went outside, it was hard for him to see 
everyone so sad, Tenchi took a walk by the lake where he saw Ryoko at least a 
good thirty feet in the air just looking at the sky with her energy sword in 
the sky, Tenchi just looked at Ryoko for a while wondering what was she 
doing, she was just looking up in space not doing anything else.slowly she 
came back down and saw Tenchi she smiled and hugged him.

"Hello Ryoko, what where you doing?"said Tenchi still hugging her.

"Oh nothing much just thinking of what I am going to do when I get my hands 
on Messatsu."said Ryoko.

"Speaking of which Ryoko, I want you to have this."said Tenchi showing her 
the Tenchi-ken with her last two gems in them giving Ryoko the hint of what 
he wanted to do.

"Uh Tenchi are you sure on that one, my power would be GOD-LIKE with those 
gems back in my possesion."said Ryoko.

"Yes they would be, and thats one of the main reason why I want you to have 
them back, we cant hold back anything when we fight Messatsu, and that also 
includes you as well."said Tenchi .

The released from there hug and Tenchi looked at the sword and then at Ryoko, 
she had her eyes closed with her palms open, her concentrated on the gems and 
they both returned back to Ryoko, Ryoko herself felt her powers fully 
returning back to herself, Ryoko was now the second strongest in the universe 
with the exception of Messatsu that is, his power still remained unequal.

"Tenchi thank you so much."said Ryoko slightly floating.

"No problem, besides I have been wanting to give them back to you but never 
did though I am sorry for that."said Tenchi.

"Ah dont be, say lets go see who Ayeka and Sasami are doing, they may still 
be mad at Washu because of Messatsu" said Ryoko.

They both walked to the space tree Funaho and saw the two princess sitting 
down, they joined them, sitting and relaxing, they all stayed there for 
sometime, it was a time of nothing but peace as all thought of Messatsu had 
vanished for the moment, Washu came to them after three hours of thinking 
about Messatsu she finally decided to join them.

They were all there now when Tenchi started to talk to them all.

"Everyone listen, we must cherish these moments while we still have time, I 
dont want our time her to be fearful, its bad enough that Messatsu has 
Mihoshi and we really dont know what he is doing, all we know is that he is 
coming in two more days, and so lets prepare but have a good time until he 
comes."said Tenchi smiling at them.

"I agree with you Tenchi, Ayeka please forgive Washu, she didn't mean for 
this, you know fullwell thats she would never harm us."said Sasami looking at 
her sister.

"Oh Sasami, your right, Washu I do forgive you, infact I dont blame you for 
what has happened, we just have to face facts and thats it, its true that I 
am still saddened but we must deal with Messatsu, I but I do forgive 
you."said Ayeka.

"Thank you Ayeka, everyone listen in two days Messatsu will be coming to 
earth, Sasami tomorrow Tsunami will be coming to earth, you to will merger to 
gather to be the complete the complete god Tsunami, are you ok with 
that."said Washu

"Yes I am fine with it, as long as we can stop Messatsu I will do anything to 
stop him."said Sasami.

Supriseingly to Washu Ayeka didn't protest about it, I guess she finally 
realized that they need all the power they had and since tsunami was going to 
merger with Sasami that would help out alot.

It turned dark ratherly quick, as they all decided to go inside and go to 
sleep for tomorrow will be the day Tsunami will be arriving to earth.

Meanwhile in space Messatsu was still traveling in space thinking about his 
prize that he has in his right wings

(Ah Mihoshi, you will be so good for me, I cant wait till they finally see 
me, they are going to fear me like no other, but you, I have plans for you, 
you will be a perfect host for my form, indeed but not just yet, I am going 
to do it in front of them, since my power will be in you they wont hit you 
for they wont know that I will be controlling you till its to later, but at 
the same time they wont be ale to kill me either....heheheh Two more days and 
boom Washu you and everything you love will die)thought Messatsu.

Meanwhile also across space going to Earth the energy of Tsunami is also 
thinking of what will come ever so shortly.

(Jurai....dead, the galaxy police...dead, and all those other planets like 
Ziachi3 dead, Messatsu we will stop you, I swear it you will not harm anyone 
else any more)thought Tsunami

(Ahh That is where your very wrong dead wrong my dearTsunami, I will do what 
I feel and will harm what ever I want and you cannot stop me)thought Messatsu 
threw the link to Tsunami.

(Messatsu how is this possible?!)thought Tsunami in utter shock.

(I lied when I told Washu that she was the only one I have a mental link 
with, I am not stupid, you think I would dare say everything thats true, I am 
not stupid to say everything to you, and I also have a link with Tokimi but I 
have not decided what plans I have for her, she will also die though, but 
after  kill you and Washu, especially Washu)replied Messatsu.

(Messatsu you will be stopped, mark my words Tenchi and the others wont let 
it happen)thought Tsunami

(Or sure there actually going to kill me, yeah right, thats funny, you are 
going to die but first the person who will die will be Ryoko, Ayeka, Mihoshi, 
YOU, Tenchi then Washu, and there is nothing you can do to stop me dear 
Tsunami, true I wont merge with Mihoshi I decided not to but who cares she is 
still of good use to me, I dont need a host,  I realized I can change the 
shape of my form because of the MASS that are in me, later Tsunami, .....be 
prepared...goddess...be prepared...)thought Messatsu threw his mindlink.

(I must get to earth in time, Messatsu you wont win mark my words you wont 
win.)thought Tsunami.


                                                                        DAY 3
                                                                          And
                                                                            A
                                                                Endless 
Nightmare

Is was quite and so peaceful as Sasami looked around in awe, the place was so 
nice, Sasami walked past such beauty it was so captivating, she smiled as she 
walked threw the forest and saw a lake at the far end of it, she went happily 
to the lake where she saw some one, it was someone who she never seen before, 
he was around Tenchi's height with blood red hair like Washu's and had golden 
eyes like Ryoko which were gleaming ever so brightly she looked at him until 
he spoke to her.

:Hello Sasami or should I say Tsunami?"said the stranger looking at the 
princess.

"Who are you and how do you know that?"asked Sasami looking back at him.

"I am the one you fear, I am the one who destroyed Jurai right before you 
very eyes."he said again But this time striking fear into the princess.

Sasami was taken back the only person who did that was the person she would 
least expect to be in her dreams.


"No..you cant be...me....Messatsu!?"asked Sasami with tears in her eyes.

"Yes Sasami I am him."said Messatsu smiling at the young princess.

"No you cant be, your not him you dont even look the same."said Sasami 
starting to sob.

"Oh this form I thought it would be more pleasant for you but I could go back 
to my regular form if you want?"said Messatsu said looking at Sasami.

"Your not real, this is just a dream."said Sasami.

"Well that depends on how you see it, what you see before you is a dream of 
your imagination, but I on the other hand am not of your creation or 
imagination, I am real."said Messatsu.

"How, how can this be, only Tsunami had spoken to me in my dreams 
before."said Sasami.

"Yes, that is true and the reason is simple, you, Tsunami and I are one, we 
are of one creation, I was created from everything including Tsunami as a 
result I also have a mind link with you, I also have a mind link with Tokimi 
as well."said Messatsu putting his hand on her shoulder.

"So what do you want, honestly."said Sasami looking at him.

"What I want is plain and simple I was Washu to suffer, I want her to feel 
pain like I felt, misery like I had, hatred that I feel for her, digust and 
all other things."replied Messatsu.

"Why, I dont understand why would you want you own creator dead so very 
much.Sasami" said still sobbing.

"Creator?, I dont consider her my creator I consider her my burden, a creator 
does not control you, I did not ask for this, when I was created I thought I  
was happy, I thought I would be loved, but I was wrong, Washu used me for her 
Experiments and I was nothing but a project, a waste product of nothing but 
test, I did like that fact that I was just a test dummy for nothing but test, 
so I escaped and killed untold amount of people hopeing that someone would 
kill me, but I realized I was immortal so I decided to kill to my hearts 
desire and I felt better by killing them it was unique to kill people that 
made me feel batter but Washu trapped me and put me in a dimension in which I 
woud never return, but I escaped and now she is going to suffer."said 
Messatsu.

"So why did you kill Jurai and the galaxy police, how did you escape and why 
do you want Ryoko dead?"screamed Sasami breaking away from Messatsu.

"The reason of why I killed Jurai was simple, what better way to get the 
attention of Washu then destroying the greatest empire in the universe, and 
as for the galaxy police I had no intention of killing them they us got in 
the way so they had to be...delt with as for how I escaped, that was easy, 
you know the fact that Washu is apart of me helps me think so it took my time 
and effort but I eventually escaped, but the reason why I want to kill Ryoko 
is ever so different and complex, like Ryoko I suffered a great deal, she is 
innocent to me, she I just someone who has to die for my cause, though she 
may be my sister in some twisted thought she to will die because of Washu, 
bad since Washu claims she loves Ryoko so much, Ryoko herself will die 
because of it."said Messatsu.

"Your cruel and mean, Tenchi will stop you."said Sasami backing up.

"Oh thats a good one, Tenchi going up against an immortal, come on Sasami you 
know full well he cant win, just give up, all hope is lost and you know it, 
so when I reach earth, you'll all die."said Messatsu smiling.

"Messatsu your wrong Tenchi will beat you I swear by Tsunami he will."said 
Sasami running away.

Messatsu smiled as Sasami started to run away, it was like cat and mouse, he 
came right infront of her in a blink of an eye, she back up scared, he 
summoned his Light Hawk Wings and unfolded his Light Hawk Sword and looked at 
Sasami then in an instant he sliced her neck leaving her for dead, Sasami 
fell to the floor with Messatsu laughing above.

Sasami woke up screaming, Ayeka woke up and calmed her younger sister, Ayeka 
new something was wrong Sasami never looked so pale from a dream.

"Sasami are you ok?"asked Ayeka hugging her sister who was acting in shock.

"Oh Ayeka I had this strange dream that felt so real, I thought it was real 
Ayeka."replied Sasami crying.

"There there Sasami it was just a dream, your hear with us."said Ayeka 
hugging her sister.

As Ayeka was comforting her little sister a blue like  aura appeared in the 
room, the aura showed a woman with hair just like Sasami, that person was not 
a person at all it was Tsunami.

"Tsunami?" was all Ayeka could say but to Sasami it was nothing to her for 
she had questions that had to be asked.

"Yes princess Ayeka it is me, I am not here just yet I will be arrive in a 
few hours this is just astral from of my self which you see."said Tsunami.

"Tsunami, please tell me about my dream, is it true what he said."asked 
Sasami looking at Tsunami.

"Yes it is Sasami, what you heard was all true, Messatsu is immortal like he 
said."replied Tsunami.

"Please tell me Tsunami do you think, ........do you think we can beat 
Messatsu please tell me you honest opinion."said Sasami.

"In my honest opinion I dont think Tenchi and everyone else stands a chance, 
the fact that one Messatsu has the powers of the Light Hawk Wing's, two he 
has the full knowledge of Washu, three he has the power of Tokimi which is 
unbelievable, four his Light Hawk Wings are Red which is very disturbing to 
me, and five he is from everything."said Tsunami looking down.

"Tsunami am I going to merge with you?"asked Sasami.

"Yes you are, but you will keep your form, you will grow up to look like me 
but possess my powers already."replied Tsunami

"Tsunami I  just have one more thing to ask you, if Messatsu is immortal then 
how can we beat him."asked Sasami.

"Always the smart one arent you, well it is true that Messatsu is immortal 
but he can be killed, there is only one way he can really die, and that is by 
overpowering him which is next to impossible, if anyones power is greater 
than his he could be killed, and the only person who I know who has power 
that rival his is Tokimi, and I think even she is weaker than him."said 
Tsunami.

With that said, the aura of Tsunami faded away and Ayeka and Sasami were left 
alone in awe at what just happened, they looked at each other and went down 
stairs to tell everyone what just happened.as so it seemed Ryoko Tenchi and 
Washu were already down stairs waiting for the soon arrival of Tsunami.

"Good morning Ayeka and Sasami."said Tenchi greeting them.

"Good morning Lord Tenchi, are you waiting for Tsunami?"replied Ayeka.

"Yes Ayeka, soon she be hear we dont know when but Washu says that she should 
be arriving sometime soon."said Tenchi.

"Washu, I have something to tell you that may came as a shock to you."said 
Sasami looking at Washu sternly.

"What is it Sasami?"asked the scientist.

"You and Messatsu arent the only ones with a mindlink."said Sasami.

Washu looked at Sasami curiously until in clicked in.

(Messatsu lied, he does have a mindlink with Tsunami!)thought Washu.

"You mean he has a link with you as well?"asked Washu.

"Yes he does and he knows what going to be done."said Sasami.

"Well we dont have a choice we must go threw with it."said Washu.

The young princess smiled and went on her way to cook breakfast, while Ayeka, 
Ryoko, Tenchi and Washu waited ever so silently for the food to be done, 
though every was in thought.

(No my dear sister will merge with Tsunami, I cant believe this is happening 
to us, and now the meger with Sasami is a shocker, well I knew it was going 
to happen it just has come to a shock to me, well no matter if this will help 
us kill Messatsu then it must be done)thought Ayeka.

(I know she probably hates me, I know I would seeing that I was responsible 
for Jurai being killed, my creation has destroyed so much, I swear Messatsu I 
will not let you take Ryoko or anyone else, we will stop you I swear 
it!)thought Washu looking at Ryoko.

(Soon, soon Messatsu, I will stop you, I wont let you kill Tenchi or anyone 
here for that matter, you and I will do battle and I am going to kill you, 
just you wait for all the pain and suffering you have caused you will now pay 
with you very life by my hands!)thought Ryoko.

(Mihoshi, we will get you back dont worry I swear we will save you, you are 
not forgotten, I will do my best to stop Messatsu and bring you back to 
us!)thought Tenchi.

There thought's we interrupted by Sasami's voice calling them for breakfast, 
and as always she had out done herself, no matter how bad it was she was 
always cheery, they all sat down at breakfast, it was quite, suprissngly 
nothing was said Ryoko did not even try to seduce Tenchi or anything they 
just sat there eating there food, probably because today would be the day 
Tsunami would be arriving, breakfast was all said and done and they all went 
outside and sat by the lake waiting for the arrival of Tsunami which would be 
arriving anytime soon.as time rolled by they all grew impatient especially 
Sasami, she herself would have to go threw the transformation alone and who 
know what would happen.

As high pitched whistle was heard from the sky, and they all looked up to see 
a blue energy ball of nothing but pure power descended to the earth at 
unbelievable speeds, as the energy slowed down the energy settled in mid-air 
no more than five feet off the ground.

Then they heard the voice, the voice of Tsunami.

"Hello, Tenchi, Ayeka, Ryoko, Washu,  and Sasami, I take it you know what has 
to be done already am I correct?"said Tsunami looking at them smiling.

"Yes Tsunami I am ready for what has to be done."said Sasami.

"I hope you are sure little one, for this will be a challenge like no other, 
even I dont know if what we are doing is right."said Tsunami.

"Well we dont really have a choice with Messatsu on the loose getting ready 
to come to earth we cant take any chances."replied Sasami.

"You are correct, come to me Sasami and the merge will begin."said Tsunami.

(So this is it, my sister will now have the power of a goddess and Ryoko to 
also has such powers, I hope with those two on our side we can beat 
Messatsu)thought Ayeka as Sasami walked to Tsunami.

Sasami looked at her friends or should she say family and smiled and walked 
to Tsunami, as she walked she remembered all the good times, with Ayeka and 
Ryoko always fighting for Tenchi, Mihoshi always being her cherry self and 
being the clutz and dear Washu being the ever so smart and wise one, and all 
that was going to be gone if nothing was done.Sasami was now no more than a 
few inches away as she put her right hand forward to the energy of 
Tsunami.the energy touched Sasami and whirled it self around Sasami 
suspending her in mid-air, as the merger started to   take place a bright 
light blinded everyone.Sasami has her eyes closed and felt the power of the 
goddess go into her.like Tsunami had said she remained her physical form but 
would have all the powers.as the bright light dimmed and faded away they saw 
her, it was Sasami, but her cloths had changed into the Jurain goddess 
clothing.as well there were now markings on her forehead.Sasami was now 
complete with Tsunami, the reunion was complete.but would it still be enough 
to kill Messatsu?.

"Sasami?"was all that came from Tenchi's  mouth.

"Yes Tenchi its still me silly."said Sasami smiling at Tenchi who was in awe.

"So the merger was a success I presume."said Washu.

"Yes it is done now all we must do it figure a way to rescue Mihoshi."said 
Sasami looking at Washu.

"Yeah we cant forget about Mihoshi, she needs us."Said Tenchi recovering from 
the shock.

"Dont worry Lord Tenchi we have no intention of letting Messatsu have 
Mihoshi."said Ayeka.

Tenchi smiled and he went inside the house with everyone in hand for tomorrow 
would be the last day of living.

                                                              Meanwhile in 
Space

(So the merger is complete eh, well no matter there power is still not even 
half of mine, they just dont have a chance and yet they still trying, 
interesting...but Washu your still going to die to bad you had to bring you 
friends as well as Ryoko in it.)thought Messatsu still traveling towards 
earth.

(Ah Mihoshi what will I do with you, should I use you as a slave to kill like 
Kagato did to Ryoko or should I use you as a card up my sleeve, I should kill 
you now but I rather see there face when you die infront of them, no I got 
one better with this gem I will control you and make you kill them, yeah this 
will be better much better, but wont they be in a suprise when they cut it, 
especially if Ryoko cuts it)thought Messatsu looking at Mihoshi placing a 
game around her wrist.
                                                    
                                                                  Back on 
earth

It was now getting late, and tomorrow would be a battle that they all could 
not imagine, normally they all would sleep in there own rooms, but tonight 
was not the case, Washu, Ryoko, Ayeka, and Sasami were all in Tenchi's room 
asleep, they all wanted to be by each others side at least once and since 
this may be there last time together this was the best time to do so yet the 
all still were in thought and each one had an idea of what may happen 
tomorrow, they day Messatsu would come to earth.

(So tomorrow will be the day, oh Messatsu I was wrong for blaming Washu, it 
was you who did this and not her, I swear I will do everything in my power to 
stop even if it means killing my self to do so!)thought Ayeka before she fell 
asleep.

(Tsunami we are now one, but do we still have the power to beat Messatsu?, is 
he that strong that even you will lose to him, do we even stand a chance?, 
well I dont care I am going to do all in my power to stop him, I just cannot 
him to kill anymore innocent people)thought Sasami also falling asleep.

(Messatsu, I will not let you have Ryoko, she may not like me as a mother, 
but as a mother I will do everything in my power to save her from you, she is 
my daughter and I will not let you take her from me, you will not have her I 
swear it)thought Washu looking at Ryoko.

(My friends we have gone threw so much, from Kagato to doctor clay and now we 
have this obstical ahead of us, my friends will do everything to save you 
Mihoshi I will save you, do not worry we have not forgotten about, I will 
never forsake anyone of you remember that)thought Tenchi.

(Messatsu...you want me...well come and get me, I wont let you harm or kill 
anyone of us which including Mihoshi, you will pay ill make sure of it, for 
Tenchi and everyone else's sake you will pay.i myself have done wrong but you 
have done worse and for that you will suffer for all the things that you have 
done.)thought Ryoko.

The hours passed and they all fell asleep, in a matter of hours all the 
things they loved would be destroyed by Messatsu.the time of the essence was 
now at hand.now it was time to see if Messatsu was as powerful as he claimed 
and though they knew he was they still were inshock of it.as time rolled by 
the night started to be day which only meant one thing it was now the last 
day.

 
                                                                        DAY 4

Tenchi woke up to see his friends all sleeping in his room by his side, it 
was now the day where Messatsu would lay claim to the earth, Tenchi slowly 
got up and left the room and went down stairs, he went in the bathroom and 
got the ring that transformed him into the Jurain battle clothing, he then 
went down stairs and stayed there waiting.Ayeka and Sasami were the next to 
come down, Ayeka as well was already in her Jurain battle suit just like 
Tenchi, though Sasami had the jurian clothing of Tsunami.they all waited in 
silence on the couch.next to come down was Washu.but to there suprise Washu 
was in her adult form.she took a seat now they were all waiting for 
Ryoko.several minutes Ryoko came down, she was in her red and black battle 
suit she to sat down.

"My friends I hope we can make it out this one."said Tenchi holding the 
Tenchi-ken in hand.

"Do not worry Tenchi we will stop Messatsu no matter what."said Ryoko.

"Yes I do agree with Ryoko on this Lord Tenchi, Messatsu will not beat 
us."said Ayeka.

"Well lets just go out side ok."said Tenchi.

They all nodded there head and went out side and sat by the lake waiting, 
waiting for Messatsu to come to earth.

"Tenchi when Messatsu comes to earth he will destroy so many things."said 
Washu.

"I know that thought came to me, when we do fight the earth will be hurt 
severally, is there anything we can do to stop that?"asked Tenchi.

"The most we could do is use Ryo-ohki to fly somewhere else but then what he 
would destroy that place to."Said Washu.

"Yes thats true I guess we dont have a choice well we will just have to wait 
and see."said Tenchi .

"I dont think so Tenchi, look up."said Ryoko pointing her finger to the sky.

They all looked up in the sky to see him, he was Massive, he slowly descended 
toward earth but something was wrong Messatsu was supposed to be huge but he 
wasn't he was no bigger than Tenchi, in stead of his Massive body in which 
Sasami recognized easily, it was the same form in his dream, he still had the 
wings arching out his back but Mihoshi was being held by his tail which now 
looked like a monkeys tail but with a blackish purple to it.they all looked 
at him scared wondering what might happen now.


                                                                    Messatsu

"Hello I am..."he could not finish as Tenchi interrupted him.

"We know who you are Messatsu lest just get this over with."said Tenchi going 
in his battle stance.

"Well, well looks like the young one here has a heart well no matter, he 
shall die soon enough but first it is time to kill you."said Messatsu 
pointing to Ryoko.

"I dont think so Messatsu I am not going to let you fight Ryoko" said Tenchi.

"Boy you have no control of what I do remember I have her."said Messatsu 
pointing to Mihoshi who was still in stasis.

"So you wanna fight me huh well lest get this on already."said Ryoko taunting 
Messatsu.

"Oh my dear sweet Ryoko I am going to enjoy killing you my sister."said 
Messatsu grinned evilly.

"I am not you sister now prepare to die."said Ryoko charging at Messatsu.

"Very well but first here ketch, I dont need this pitiful fool, I should have 
killed her but I thought I had plans fir her."said Messatsu throwing Mihoshi 
at Tenchi who he caught her instantly.

"Well Messatsu that was smart "said Washu.

"Why yes it was I know what I did, I want the challenge since I dont hold her 
as a card anymore I know you'll all challenge me at the same time so lets 
just do this."said Messatsu.

Ryoko formed her energy sword, Tenchi ignited the Tenchi-ken, Washu also 
formed her energy sword while, Ayeka used her powers more as a sheild.though 
Sasami was a wild card she just stood there waiting.Messatsu himself, formed 
a red energy sword unlike the Tenchi-ken and waited for them.

(This is so grand, my wish will finally come true, Washu prepare to feel pain 
and suffering like know other)thought Messatsu .

                                                      The Battle Against 
Messatsu

He looked at all five of them smileing.Ryoko, Washu, and Tenchi all rushed 
him.Messatsu let out a sigh of relieve and charged them, Ryoko was the first 
to be attacked, Messatsu was truly going after her, as he truly was going 
after Ryoko and dogeing everyone else's attack and was  still trying to kill 
Ryoko but even to Messatsu Ryoko proved to be more of a challenge than he 
thought, as her energy blade came inches away from his neck he knew that she 
was not to be trifled with.but as well as that the boy Tenchi seemed so 
determined to save Ryoko it just suprised him as he to held skill that 
rivaled his own, and then there was Washu she was trying her very hardest to 
try to kill Messatsu but was failing but she did not give up as she was the 
first to actually strike Messatsu.threw there onslaught of attacks Washu 
struck Messatsu on his leg doing literally nothing to even phase him but 
caught his attantion.he jumped away to see his fighters looking at him.

"I see you there are very good indeed but you see I still have a card up my 
sleeve that even you did not think about."said Messatsu.

"What are you talking about."said Washu.

"Ok I guess I will just have to show you.Mihoshi destroy them."said Messatsu.

They all turned around to see Mihoshi standing up in her uniform with her gun 
in hand, her eyes were not blue but a darkish green to them.Ryoko jumped away 
very quickly as Mihioshi fired several shots at her, Ryoko knew Mihoshi was 
being controlled.but it was hard to see where, then it  happened.she saw it, 
Mihoshi had Ruby like gem on her wrist tied on by a string, it must have been 
controlling her, Ryoko now know knew what she had to do but it was on how to 
get the gem of her.Tenchi came to look at Messatsu then turned away to help 
Ryoko help a mind controlled Mihoshi.Washu was there looking at him

"Oh Washu things will only get worse for you know."said Messatsu.

"Oh what do you mean!"yelled Washu attacking Messatsu who was dogeing them 
with ease.

"Heheh dont worry you'll see soon enough."said Messatsu.

Ryoko Turned around and Washu now in reach of the gem that controlled 
Mihoshi, thanks to Tenchi, Mihoshi was distracted.slowly she used her energy 
sword and sliced the gem away from Mihoshi and the gem the stood there in 
Mid-air.Ryoko smiled as Mihoshi started to return to normal as her eyes were 
now blue once again, and she thanked Ryoko and went to go help stop 
Messatsu.Ryoko looked at the gem that was still in Mid-air.Ryoko decided to 
destroy it but she never had the chance as the gem flew at amazing speed and 
was placed right on her forehead.

An ear splitting scream was heard from Ryoko as they all turned around to see 
Ryoko in dire pain, Washu looked at Ryoko then at Messatsu who was just 
smiling at the thought.

Ryoko fell to the ground in pain, Tenchi and Sasami Ran to Ryoko's side but 
was pushed back by a shield that Ryoko made by pushing her hand out.slowly 
she rose, her eyes opened and they lost there gold to it, they were now all 
red, as if things got worse the Light Hawk Wings appeared but they were 
different they were red tinted instead of its normal blue tint, and yes she 
had all ten Light Hawk Wings at that.Messatsu smiled and then laughed out 
loud to see there faces.

"Now my dear Ryoko I would like you to go and Kill this boy you call Tenchi 
then go kill the rest of them all."said Messatsu.

"YES MASTER."said Ryoko.

Tenchi looked at Ryoko and now prepared to fight his long time friend.

                                          The Battle OF Tenchi Against Ryoko

The two just stood there looking at each other, the essence of battle was 
well in the air and Tenchi could only remember the words YES MASTER that was 
said by a controlled Ryoko reminded him of all the times of when Ryoko told 
Tenchi that Kagato made her do all those things, and now she was being 
controlled again but this time by Messatsu, Tenchi looked at Ryoko and raised 
his sword preparing for Ryoko to soon attack, how could he attack her, he 
cared for her so much if not more but he really did not have a choice in the 
matter, Ryoko dashed at Tenchi with grace and agility, she brought her energy 
sword up and went for Tenchi's head, Tenchi dodged it barely, if he was a 
little slower he would have lost his head literally, Tenchi was on the 
defensive as Ryoko attacks were fast and yet strong, going for the weaks 
spots that everyone Tenchi had and Tenchi managed to avoid them all with some 
success, but he would tire soon but then what what would he do know, Tenchi 
did not want to hurt Ryoko but what could he do, thats when it hit him HARD, 
the only way to beat Ryoko would be like Yosho did it, but Tenchi cringed as 
he would have to stab Ryoko regardless, and the thought of hurting her was 
sicking, Tenchi gulped and went for that attack that would stop her, as to 
Ryoko's suprise she did not flinch as she started being put on the defensive, 
as Tenchi kept on striking he finally went for her neck only to be stopped by 
Ryoko Light Hawk Wings, Tenchi was sent far back and was dazed on the floor, 
Ryoko walked slowly towards him with her energy sword gleaming in hand.

"Ryoko listen to me.its me Tenchi, please ltisen to me."said Tenchi.

Ryoko just kept on walking preparing to strike Tenchi, he  could not strike 
her, he....loved her to much to hit her but what could he do?, if he died 
then what?, she kept on walking.she raised her sword preparing so strike.

"I guess this is how it ends doesn't it."said Tenchi looking at Ryoko.

Ryoko just looked at him and raised it looking at him, he did nothing just 
had his head down waiting.

"Do you remember Ryoko, that song FOREVERMORE!, the one you sang to 
me."yelled Tenchi.

Ryoko stopped in mid slight as her sword stopped, yes she did remember that 
song, how could she forget, it meant so much to her for her to forget and 
slowly her eyes started to turn back to normal as and ear killing scream came 
from Ryoko was heard, her Light Hawk Wings faded and them gem on her forehead 
vanished.

Tenchi went to Ryoko and smiled as she looked up to him she smiled and got 
up.

"Thank you Tenchi now lets go get Messatsu."said Ryoko wincing in some pain.

"Yeah I agree with you Ryoko lets show him what were made of."said Tenchi.

Messatsu was shocked to say the least, he didn't think that was possible, 
even with complete control over her she still broke free.

"You see Messatsu we wont let you win."said Washu.

"Well that is nothing to me, well I am impressed but you'll still die."said 
Messatsu.

Mihoshi, Ayeka, Sasami and Washu went to Ryoko and Tenchi.who were getting up 
preparing to fight Messatsu.

"Are you to both ok."asked Washu.

"Yes were fine.but we must be able to stop Messatsu."said Tenchi.

"Is there a way Washu."Said Ryoko looking at Washu for some type of anwser

"I dont know for sure but if there is ill find it."said Washu. who was now 
determind to find out

"Well we must fight him even if we do die I rather die in a cause then die 
for nothing."said Ryoko.

"Yes I agree with you Ryoko."said Ayeka.

They all got up and looked at Messatsu who was waiting for them, he was 
arrogant to say in the least but he could back it up.as they daring six 
looked at Messatsu he looked back at only one person.Washu.

All six charged Messatsu.Ryoko tried to take Messatsu's head of but missed 
badly, Messatsu was preparing to strike when a energy blast hit him and it 
was none other than Washu who hit him, with this faint distraction Tenchi 
stabbed him in the stomach, Messatsu looked at the boy in shock but shrugged 
it off as he just pushed Tenchi away thought the Tenchi-ken was still in his 
stomach, he grabbed it and threw it to the floor.with out warning Messatsu 
was shot by Mihoshi, he went to strike her but failed as Sasami called her 
powers and a energy beam struck Messatsu sending him to the floor, Ryoko saw 
the opportunity and Struck Messatsu in the neck, it was a failed attempt 
thought Messatsu smiled as Ryoko struck his neck, his smile faded and stabbed 
Ryoko in the Heart.even Ryoko's regernative powers wasn't able to heal the 
would, her powers were to weak and would have died if Tenchi did not stop 
Messatsu striking her again, though wounded she went to Sasami who had the 
power of Tsunami which meant she could be healed, Slowly she went to Sasami 
while she healed her.Ryoko looked up to see Tenchi struggling with Washu 
attacking Messatsu.with a sceam Ryoko charged Messatsu head on shocking the 
gang, but this time Messatsu was on the defensive as the enraged Ryoko proved 
formidable, but still was no match, as Messatsu was to fast strong and to 
agile for Ryoko and slapped he across her face, Tenchi came to attack 
Messatsu but was hit by and energy beam which sent him back, Mihoshi aimed 
and fired at Messatsu, Messatsu looked at Mihoshi in utter disgust and went 
to attack her but was stopped by and energy shield by Ayeka.this was growing 
tiresome for Messatsu.

(They really think they can do this team work to win hahaha.thats funny but 
well looks like i'll just have to kill them one by one, first Target 
Sasami)thought Messatsu.

Messatsu stopped the onslaught on Ayeka and Mihoshi and went to Sasami, but 
failed as Tenchi and Ryoko both attacked Messatsu at the same time, they both 
were pathetic to Messatsu eyes and just struck them both with his energy 
sword and hit Tenchi's leg and hit Ryoko's Arm, Messatsu kept on going as he 
made it to Sasami, Messatsu looked at the girl, it reminded him of the young 
girl on ziachi3, he raised his sword on her but was stopped as Washu stabbed 
him in the back, Messatsu lowered his head, would they get the idea that they 
could not harm him, he kept on moving forward to Sasami, and once again he 
raised his sword to Sasami, he brought it down and struck Sasami, 
supriseingly she was still alive.he raised his sword again to finish her but 
was stopped by Ayeka who used all her powers to kill Messatsu, she failed but 
caught her attention, he then went for Ayeka and left the hurt Sasami.slowly 
logs came around Ayeka and Messatsu laughed..

"Heheheh stupid little girl your pathetic Jurai power cant harm me, and 
besides your not the only one with that power."said Messatsu.

Ayeka said nothing and continued to from more logs as her Jurai powers were 
increasing, Messatsu charged at her but failed as Tenchi and Washu 
interfered, indeed they had a sense of team work but it meant nothing, all 
Messatsu had to do was transform into his true form and just end it all but 
decided not to for a slow death is what he wanted them to suffer.then he 
remembered Washu, all the things she caused, he stopped going after Ayeka and 
decided to end it.he went straight for Washu, Washu herself was caught off 
guard as Messatsu went on a raving rampage, Ayeka released her powers and it 
struck Messatsu back but did nothing to him, he still continued on Washu, but 
now Ryoko and Tenchi were there attacking him, he was dogeing them all and 
still going for Washu, Sasami slowly got up though injured she looked at her 
surroundings, it was hell,  she summoned her powers of Tsunami to herfull 
extent in this one energy beam, hopeing that it may kill Messatsu, if it 
didn't that would mean that Messatsu had the power which was stronger than a 
god, she release the energy and it came flying toward Messatsu it stuck his 
wings and exploded, the battle seemed over as Messatsu lay on the ground.but 
were wrong as Messatsu got up and continued towards Washu.he faught his way 
where Ryoko and Tenchi and finally had Washu as he grabbed her by the neck 
and lifted her up.

"Finally, I have this moment, the moment I dreamed of taking your life."said 
Messatsu.

"Well go ahead and take it."said Washu.

"Oh yes I am but not yet I want you to suffer like I have, and now it is time 
to kill your daughter."said Messatsu throwing Washu several feet away.

Messatsu turned to Ryoko who still attacked him during the conversation with 
Washu, she was courageous he had to give her that but dumb as Mihoshi, he 
attacked Ryoko and they started fencing faster than what Tenchi could handle 
now it was a battle between Ryoko and Messatsu.

                                               The Battle Of Ryoko Against 
Messatsu

The two looked at each other while attacking, it was obvious that Messatsu 
had the upper hand and was useing it, he formed an energy beam and threw it 
at Ryoko who doged it with her energy blade and continued to Messatsu, slowly 
Messatsu jumped away as Ryoko went for a serious attack that would have at 
least phased him, Messatsu looked at his so called sister like he called it 
in awe, she was just like him ever so brave, he decided to read her thought 
while battling what he saw shocked him.

It was unique reading Ryoko's mind, as he saw the missions that she was 
forced to do by Kagato, then freed only to be hurt by Tenchi not meaning it, 
then he realized that she loved him, he saw when she ripped his mother kimono 
and desperately tried to fix it, the merger with Zero which she did for 
tenchi, the constant fighting with Ayeka which was amusing to say the least, 
doctor clay, then she was in a site that he remembered that happened just 
like him, Ryoko was left in the lab being watched by a camera, he also saw 
and felt the love that she had for Tenchi, it was for him pathetic and he 
wanted her and her feeling to die, why?, the pain Messatsu had been caused 
was unbearable.so now it was Ryoko's time to suffer, and after his death she 
would be next.

Messatsu regained his thought back as he sparred with Ryoko then jumped back 
and laughed out loud.

"Ah Ryoko, time for you to feel what I have felt for an eternity then you can 
die."said Messatsu.

"What do you mean by that?"said Ryoko looking at him.

"Time for you to lose what you value most."said Messatsu. looking directly at 
Ryoko

Messatsu raised his right hand and an energy beam was formed, he fired it and 
it went towards Ryoko, she had no time to teleport away or doged it, but the 
thing was it never hit her, it went....passed her, Ryoko turned around and 
saw where it was heading, it was heading towards the one thing she treasured 
most and that was...

"Tenchi.....WATCH OUT."screamed Ryoko.

Tenchi turned around to see the beam collided with Tenchis chest, not even 
the Light Hawk Wings could have save him in time.slowly Tenchi fell to the 
floor, his blood lay all round him.with the shock of what just happened Ryoko 
teleported to him.

"Tenchi...no , my love dont die."said Ryoko.

"Ahh Ryoko...sorry but I am not going to make it."said Tenchi coughing as 
more blood.

No Tenchi dont say that you'll make it I swear you'll make it.said Ryoko.

Tenchi raised his hand and brought it toward Ryoko, he put it around her neck 
and brought her closer.and said his last words.

"Ill miss.you Ryoko...my......."he never got the last word out as Tenchi died 
right before her.

Ryoko screamed her heart out as Tenchi died, it was pain like not other, the 
pain thatg KAgato caused her was nothing as the pain she now felt and with a 
final scream Ryoko looked at Messatsu with hatred in her eyes, Ryoko closed 
he eyes and felt the powers of the Light Hawk Wings forming to her command, 
the Light Hawk Wings very brightly, infact they turned gold, but the gold did 
not last they reverted back to the normal color.

"Ayeka..take Tenchi's body away now."said Ryoko still looking at Messatsu.

Ayeka did not say anything and did what Ryoko asked and took Tenchi body to 
Sasami, Ayeka cried as she carried Tenchi to Sasami.

Washu saw the whole events and a few tears came down her face, still she knew 
Ryoko did not have a chance of beating Messatsu.

Ryoko lunged at Messatsu faster than Messatsu could doged he was struck by 
Ryoko's energy sword, no he was wrong it was her Light Hawk Sword.Messatsu 
jumped back only to still be attacked by Ryoko her attacks where actually 
causing Messatsu pain for once.


(How could he, my only love dead, Tenchi why did you leave me, Messatsu 
you'll pay for this I swear it you'll pay.)thought Ryoko.

Messatsu looked around to find Ryoko but was stabbed in the back of the neck 
by the Light Hawk Sword, it was unbearable, Messatsu jumped in the air and 
phased into his true form, the form of everything that he destroyed.

(Heheheheheheheh...lets see dear sister if you can take this attack.)thought 
Messatsu as he formed and energy beam to destroy the planet.

"Ryoko if that hits us the whole planet will be destroyed."said Washu.

Ryoko concentrated her knew found powers, all her light hawks wings went 
infront of her and formed and energy ball, the powers of all ten wings was 
all in that ball, Ryoko looked up to see Messsatsu, he growled and threw the 
energy beam down.

"Take this Messatsu, this is for Tenchi!."yelled Ryoko as she threw the 
energy ball of the Light Hawk Wings.

The beams of energy were on a direct course with each other, and they 
collided with each other, Messatsu energy ball was destroyed instantly and 
Ryoko's kept on going towards Messatsu, Messatsu looked in shock as the 
energy ball hit him, an explosion occurred, when the    explosion was done 
Ryoko saw Messatsu in his human looking form fall towards the grown.

Ryoko walked to the ground on where Messatsu hit, to he suprise he started to 
get up, it was amazing even the power of the Light Hawk Wings could not kill 
Messatsu.

"Ah impressive my dear Ryoko but you'll have to do better than that to kill 
me."said Messatsu getting up.

                                                         THE END IS VERY NEAR

"You think you can just kill me, well you cant, though you knocked me back 
into this form which is quite impressive your still no match for me so just 
sit back and die just like that boy Tenchi is."said Messatsu.

"Your going to pay for what you did to Tenchi.....Messatsu."said Ryoko with 
ears in her eyes.said Ryoko.

"Yeah yeah yeah sure bring it on sis, because after I kill you dear Washu is  
next followed by Sasami Ayeka and Mihoshi."said Messatsu.

Ryoko lunged at Messatsu with her Light Hawk Sword, Messatsu in turn just 
avoided her strikes, Messatsu smiled as Ryoko started to go crazier, she was 
getting reckless and he knew it, but it was a matter of time until her would 
kill her, she would be his best kill yet.

The sword's collided causing Ayeka and Sasami to be pushed back holding 
Tenchi's body, Mihoshi and Washu were looking at Ryoko who was taking on 
Messatsu.

Washu looked around to see her friends, everything happened because of her 
creation, but how could you kill an immortal, that was the question, 
eventually Ryoko would tire out and Messatsu would just up and kill her, 
there may be only one person who could kill Messatsu but she herself is just 
as bad as Messatsu if not worse, could she be trusted, no probably not, 
Tokimi wasn't somebody you could trust.

(I must think, Messatsu you have absolute power of all three goddess, that 
also means you can restore the life you have killed.)thought Washu.

Washu looked up to see her daughter now on the ropes as Messatsu was now 
completely over powering Ryoko.

Washu looked to the ground then looked up at Messatsu and decided to do what 
she could only do.

(Messatsu I know you can here me)thought Washu threw the  mindlink to 
Messatsu.

(Yes I can here you what do you want that you cant say out loud.)thought 
Messatsu.

(I challenge you to a duel, if I win you restore all the lives that you have 
killed.)thought Washu.

(Hehehehhe that wont happen but what if I win?)thought Messatsu.

(If you win, you can kill me but please resorted the lives of the people you 
kill)thought Washu.

(So you want the lives of al the people I killed restored huh?, well I dont 
know about that but we duel now.)thought Messatsu.

Washu looked at Messatsu who was still attacking Ryoko, she was weaking as 
her Light Hawk Wings were fading away, Messatsu smiled as Ryoko just had her 
neck sliced my his blade, Ryoko looked up at him and struggled to get up but 
he sliced her again, and again and again.

"So this is how it ends, I am sorry tenchi I could not avenge you my 
love."said Ryoko before dyeing.

Washu screamed as her daughter lay dead and battered, Wahsu closed her eyes 
and the gems on Ryoko came to Washu.her powers were returning to her, then it 
hit her, Messatsu had the powers of her with out the gems which means that 
Washu may be stronger than Messatsu him self.Washu looked at Messatsu then 
her friends.

"Mihoshi and Ayeka take Tenchi and Ryoko bodies away from here ill deal with 
him alone."said Washu in a dead serious tone.

Mihoshi and Ayeka did what Washu wanted with out disobeying and left and went 
to the space tree Funaho where they stayed there safe.

Washu closed her eyes and the power of the Light Hawk Wings came to her, with 
her energy sword in hand Washu walked slowly towards Messatsu who waited 
silently.


                                                     The Goddess Against The 
Immortal

So Washu it comes to this huh?, this is good to good, tell m dear Washu how 
do you feel now that Tenchi AND Ryoko are both dead?said Messatsu drawing his 
energy sword.

"You will pay for what you have done Messatsu, You may have the powers of 
Tsunami and Tokimi but your powers are weak from them, but I am different I 
am at my full power, a power of which you are not apart of which 
means..."stated Washu.

"Which means you think you can kill me just because your power is not part of 
mine, well well well guess what Washu, you forget one thing, I have all your 
knowledge, though you have a power of which I am not created from I know 
everything which means I know your limits of your power."said Messatsu.

"You think you do, now enough talk it is time for you to die."said Washu 
completely cold-heartedly.

"Very well Washu, its time for this pathetic game to end and after I kill you 
I will kill Tsunami then Tokimi."said Messatsu.

Washu rushed Messatsu with her energy sword, Messatsu smiled at her and 
rushed Washu, the two collided, there swords sparking ridiculously as there 
speed of attacks increased, the goddess Washu did prove to be strong, even 
Messatsu had to take heed on that, there fighting continued and they were 
both even.

(Intriguing, she is as strong as I am, heheh no matter ill just steal her 
power then, but before I do that ill see how good she really is)thought 
Messatsu ducking a blow to the head by Washu.

(He realizes by know that I am as strong as him, he would probably do the 
only thing that would make him win, and that would be stealing my power but I 
would let that happen.thought Washu sliceing Messatsu's wing.

Messatsu hissed as Washu's energy sword connected with one of Messatsu wings, 
Messatsu leaped in the air, Washu looked up to see Messatsu charge back down 
at her with great speed, Messatsu thrusted his sword at Washu and connected 
with her Light Hawk Wing.

Messatsu jumped back and was getting ready to leap at Washu but was hit by 
her ist before he do anything, the force of that hit was strong as Messatsu 
looked actually dazed, Washu go there energy sword and stabbed Messatsu in 
the neck in his dazed stated, supriseingly Messatsu did not fall, he just 
stood there with an energy sword in his neck.Washu now jumped back to see 
Messatsu sighing.

"Will you ever get it Washu, I cant die, I am immortal, remember you made me 
to be an immortal."said Messatsu looking at Washu.

"Be quite you abomination and die already!"said Washu now forming a light 
hawk sword looking at Messatsu.

"Ohh please your not the only one who can do that you know, if I wanted I 
could call  the light hawk wings out to, you have seen it before so dont act 
up."said Messatsu.

"You will pay Messatsu, you have caused to much death and destruction."said 
Washu now forming her Light Hawk armor

"Isn't that ironic if I am not correct dosent Messatsu mean death and 
destruction?, I guess I fit my own name, now Washu you are going to die by my 
hands now."said Messatsu.

"Lets go Messatsu enough of these games."said Washu.

"Yes I grow tired of these warms ups, there now test me Washu, I want to see 
how much power I really have on a worthy opponent."said Messatsu bring out 
his light hawk wings, and making his Light Hawk Sword and Armor quickly.

"Thats it Messatsu this is for everyone you have killed including My daughter 
Ryoko."screamed Washu charging Messatsu with her Light Hawk Sword

"Yes Washu lets end this now.said Messatsu" said charging Washu with his 
Light Hawk Sword.

         
                                                            The Power's 
Unleashed
 
                                                             Washu  VS. 
Messatsu
 
The scent of hatred was in the air as goddess against creation were now in a 
full fledge war against each other, this was it, Messatsu finally had the 
chance he dreamed about all those years, now Washu would fall, the rushed 
each other, there swords colliding sparking all around them, they drew back 
as they realized neither had the advantage, they looked at each other, one 
smiling, while one seeking vengeance like no other, Washu rushed Messatsu 
with speed matching Messatsu, he jumped back response as Washu's attacks were 
now becoming erratic and what seemed desperate, slash after slash Washu 
attacked Messatsu only to be doged away or be protected by the light hawk 
wings, Messatsu looked at Washu with the sweet scent of victory in his grasp, 
it was obvious to him that Washu even as a god with all her powers was still 
no match for the likes of Messatsu, his power still remained supreme above 
hers and Washu kept on fighting.

"Give up Washu, you have lost."said Messatsu blocking high from Washu's 
slash.

"I will NEVER give up Messatsu not after what you have done to my 
friends."cried Washu attacking with all her strength.

"Oh what a pity then, well I guess you'll just have to die just like tenchi 
and Ryoko..hope you say hi to them in the after life because that is where 
your going "said Messatsu grabbing Washu's Sword in hand.

Washu looked at the sword, Messatsu grabbed it, and she put all her might and 
effort into it yet he grabbed it, he wasn't even bleeding or staggering from 
the pain.

"Its time Washu for you to die."said Messatsu crushing the sword and the 
sword went back into becoming a Light Hawk Wing again.

Washu stepped back, in suprise, she looked at Messatsu only to be backhand, 
she fell to the floor, Messatsu walked slowly to her, Washu got up only to be 
backhanded again she stayed on the floor only to be kicked several times in 
the gut, Messatsu picked Washu up by her shirt and looked at her.

"Goodbye dear Washu...., it was fun but it Must come to and end."said 
Messatsu.

Messatsu looked at his Light Hawk Sword, then at Washu, he finally was going 
of have the sweetest revenge he wanted all so much, all the pain she caused 
him was now over with her life, he smiled at the thought and brought his 
sword to impale her, as Messatsu was going to impale her, a green energy 
sword sliced his hand and dropped Washu, Messatsu took a step back and looked 
at the culprit, it was Tsunami or rather Sasami.

(HOW COULD I HAVE BEEN SO STUPID, I should not have forgotten about Tsunami, 
ahh well not Matter twice the goddess, twice the amount of fun it will be to 
kill them)thought Messatsu.

Washu got up and looked at Sasami, she had a green energy sword in hand which 
surpised Washu, and as well had the Light Hawk Wings, together they had 
twenty Light Hawk Wings, a power of that amount was sure to defeat Messatsu.

(Impressive, they both have the full power of the Light hawk wings, to bad 
they still dont have a chance to defeat me.)thought Messatsu.

"So Sasami and Washu, you dare challenge me, well come one ill take you both 
on."Said Messatsu.

"Washu are you ready."asked Sasami.

"Yes Sasami I am but are you sure you want to do this."said Washu preparing 
to fight Messatsu.

"No I am not sure but we really dont have a choice."said Sasami.

Together they looked at each other, and then at Messatsu, he know had a Light 
Hawk Sword in each hand.waiting for the attack to begin.

                                                             Duel Of The Gods


They stood there looking at each other, waiting for them to strike, finally 
they were on equal terms of power, as strong as Messatsu was the power of two 
goddess was just as strong as him but still may be slightly be weaker, Washu 
and Sasami both looked at each other and nodded, this was it the final 
assault on Messatsu, they both lunged at Messatsu, Washu striking Messatsu up 
area while Sasami striking his lower area, there attacks proved to be more of 
a challenge then Messatsu even thought, Washu lunged at Messatsu but missed, 
Messatsu turned to see Sasami throwing her energy sword at Messatsu and 
connecting making him fall, Washu turned around and jumped in the air and put 
her sword threw Messatsu's heart.Washu jumped back and waited, Sasami looked 
at Messatsu waiting as well they both knew he was still alive, in a flash he 
was gone, they looked up to see him, Sasami felt an incredible pain as both 
swords made and X like marking on her back, Sasami turned in pain only to see 
nothing and again she felt the pain of both swords making markings on her 
back, Sasami jumped up and saw him trying to sneak up and she turned around 
and sliced him in the neck which actually phased Messatsu, Washu saw her 
opportunity and jumped in the air and stabbed Messatsu in the back, Messatsu 
teleported away and Sasami and Washu landed waiting, then they saw him 
clapping his hands.

"IMPRESSIVE, I must say that was impressive but you still dont have a chance, 
since I know you both of you to are goddess you can follow me."said Messatsu.

A bright flash took him up to the sky, Sasami and Washu looked up at Messatsu 
and they cringed in pain as they knew he was serious know, no more was he in 
his human like form, but his demonic like dragon form, Messatsu was in space 
waiting for the two goddess to come, they looked at each other and teleported 
in space looking at him, he was huge compared to them since they were goddess 
they could breath in space but that wasn't the point thought Messatsu was 
big, REAL big, the best way to describe on how big he really was that imagine 
you were in space and your fighting the moon, it was tha kind battle, Washu 
and Sasami now had two Light Hawk Sword in Each hand and had full Light Hawk 
Armor on as well

"Sasami this is it."said Washu looking at Messatsu.

"Yes this is it, and we will prevail for the sake of the other's"said Sasami

All they heard was a growl as they looked up to him waiting, with his three 
light Hawk wings spread out, he as well created one Light Hawk Sword and made 
the light hawk armor, it was bright red in stead of Sasami and Washu blue 
like armor, there they looked at one another.this was it the battle for all 
which has will be spared now.

                                                          Messatsu UNLEASHED

With one swift strike Messatsu brought his word down only to miss, Washu 
literally ran up the sword to strike Messatsu eye, while Sasami summoned her 
powers and released and energy beam which hit Messatsu throat which did 
absolutely nothing, Messatsu turned to see Sasami and with his other hand 
tried to hit Sasami but missed being big had its draw backs, Washu finished 
running up the sword  jumped as high as she could and saw Messatsu eye, true 
this was a mean tactic but when the universe is at stake everything goes, she 
reached his eye, it was big and golden much like Ryoko's eyes, that just made 
Washu even madder thinking about he daughter lying dead to him, she raised 
her sword and stabbed him in the eye, Messatsu felt and umbearable pain in 
his left eyes and growled loudly as Washu pushed away from Messatsu, this was 
there chance, both Sasami and Washu summoned there powers, bring forth all 
the powers that they had, and summoned it into one energy beam, they both 
looked at each other and threw there beams at Messatsu who was still in pain, 
there beams turned into one having the power of two goddess, Messatsu looked 
with his good eye and saw the up coming attack, he had no chance of dogeing 
at as it struck Messatsu, and a violent explosion was felt and heard, Sasami 
and Washu waited to see if there battle was over, as the explosion was 
finished they saw him, he was hurt badly for once, Messatsu was totally 
messed up, he was in pain to say the least as all his wings were damaged as 
well as his tail and his whole body had massive cuts and holes in him.

(Ahhhh the pain, I cant believe they hurt me like this, I am Messatsu I will 
not fail, it dosent matter I will heal and I will prevail!)thought Messatsu.

Both Sasami and Washu continued to use there powers again to strike Messatsu 
and made yet another energy beam, they threw it at Messatsu again who didn't 
have any chance to block it and another explosion was heard, the brightness 
was unbelievable, as the brightness started die down they still saw him, but 
he looked dead, yet he was still alive after to full striked of both goddess, 
he was strong to say the least, they looked at Messatsu who was now shrinking 
into his human form, he teleported back to earth and so did Sasami and 
Washu.they looked at him getting up barely but getting up nonetheless.

"You have lost Messatsu give up."said Sasami.

"I will not give up, Washu and Sasami prepare to die."said Messatsu.

With a pathetic stuggle Messatsu charged Washu and was hit by a massive 
energy ball that she created, slowly Washu walked with hate in her 
eyes.Messatsu tried to get up yet again but was kicked by was and fell back 
down, Washu brought her Light Hawk Sword to his neck waiting

"Go ahead Washu, end it, KILL ME."yelled Messatsu.

"Restore  the lives of the people you have killed.s"creamed Washu.

"Why should i, after all the grief I was put threw as mere child, a creation 
of your doing, a creation who didn't have a choice of what he wanted to 
do."said Messatsu.

"I am sorry but it waste meant to be like that Messatsu, but restore the 
lives you have killed they were all innocent."said Washu.

"Just like I was too, so why should they get any treatment that I didn't 
get."said Messatsu still lying on the ground with the Light Hawk Sword to his 
neck.

"Messatsu please restore those lives."said Sasami.

"Why dont you do it!"yelled Messatsu giving an evil eye to Sasami.

Though Tsunami and I do have the power to do so, we need to Power of Tokimi 
to complete our power to fix what has been done , but since she isn't here 
and you have her powers to some extent we need you."said Washu.

"No I wont do it so kill me already."said Messatsu.

"Gladly then."said Washu raising his sword looking at him.

"Wait, why do you wish to die so much."said Sasami.

"I never asked to be created, I just want to die, I have fought and 
lost."said Messatsu.

"How about this, you have the power like us, all three of us, could undo what 
has happened here and leave you still alive."said Sasami.

"Why do you wish to keep my alive."said Messatsu looking at the young 
princess in wonder.

"Everyone deserves a second chance even you."said Washu pulling her sword 
away from Messatsu who now got up.

"Thank you but no thanks I wish to die, but all the lives will be restored 
and none of you will ever know what actually happened, to many years have I 
wanted revenge now I wish to rest."said Messatsu.

                                                            THE BATTLE ENDS

Messatsu walked slowly with Washu to Sasami, Messatsu smiled evilly as they 
continued walking he brought his sword out on the sneak.

(They actually thought this battle was over, what are they stupid, they 
actually think I would give up all this time are they that gullible.)thought 
Messatsu.

Washu kept walking towards Sasami, while Messatsu was behind her walking, 
Messatsu Ran to Washu and stabbed her in the back, and then stabbed  her neck 
and absorbing the three gems of Washu ino his very being, Messatsu stabbed 
Washu again leaving Washu on the floor,Washu was in great pain as Messatsu 
began to stab Washu yet again repeady, his attacks were slowly killing her 
now that the gems were absorbed into Messatsu.

(I guess this is how it ends, I have failed you my friends, I am sorry, 
forgive me)thought Washu.

"Did you really think I would actually give up, please, I want my revenge, 
and Sasami your next.."said Messatsu.

Washu looked up wearily at Messatsu,he finally had her right where he always 
wanted her,Washu looked at Messatsu evilly then with out warning she was 
punched in the face,blood came from Washu's mouth from the devastating blow 
to the face,Washu looked up at Messatsu yet again only to die by his Light 
Hawk Sword killing her instantly and fatally quick, Washu lay dead now, even 
as a goddess she still died, and now Messatsu had the complete powers of 
Washu, that was now three dead, Tenchi dead, Ryoko dead, and now Washu dead, 
only Sasami, Mihoshi and Ayeka were left.

Sasami looked back in horror as Washu was dead, Sasami was too weak to fight 
Messatsu, but had no choice as Messatsu charged Sasami with speed faster than 
Sasami could attack, with in seconds Sasami fell to the floor battered and 
bloodied up.

(No I cant let this happened, I am Tsunami, ..i must stop him)thought Sasami.

"It is over, you to actually thought you hurt me in space didn't you, well 
your wrong, being made of everything helps create illusion's, and now it is 
time for you to die" said Messatsu looking refreshed and bring his sword up 
to kill Sasami.

Messatsu brought his word down only to be blocked by the Light Hawk Wings, 
Messatsu smiled as he put more force and the Light Hawk Wings shattered and 
went threw And stabbed Sasami, she lay one the floor barely alive, Messatsu 
picked up Sasami by her shirt and impaled the young princess to finish her 
and the goddess Tsunami.with out even a scream Sasami now to lay dead, the 
minutes she fell to the ground Messatsu looked at the young princess, her 
blue hair matted to her face by her blood, he smiled evilly as he stabbed her 
again to make sure the princess died and she was dead and now there were only 
two people remaining and they to would die.

Mihoshi and Ayeka saw Messatsu teleport right to them, he stood there with 
his Light Hawk Sword in his hand.

"Where Washu and Sasami you foul demon."said Ayeka who looked at Messatsu 
hatefully.

Here they are said Messatsu teleporting the dead body's of Sasami and Washu 
right before the princess very eyes, her face turned pale as she saw her 
sister mangled up and dead, Ayeka screamed and ran to Sasami's dead corpse 
weeping for her little sister who had been impaled, there she cried over her 
sister only to feel a thick broad energy sword go threw her, it was pain like 
no other and Ayeka knew who had just stabbed her, the sword pulled away 
painfully slow and Ayeka looked up to see Messatsu with his eyes looking back 
at her, then he stabbed Ayeka again killing her instantly leaving the dead 
princess on her younger sisters corpse.

There they were all dead except one, the one he should have killed awhile 
ago, Mihoshi was the last one to kill and the easiest, Messatsu walked slowly 
to kill the detective who was scared out her mind, he bent down to see 
Mihoshi curled in a ball next to the space tree Funaho.

Hehehe I will see you later dear Mihoshi.said Messatsu who terleported away, 
Mihoshi looked to see all her friends Dead, all she ever really loved dead.

Messatsu was in space looking at earth, he turned back into his true form, 
the form in which he destroyed the millions of galaxies and growled no louder 
than a whisper as he formed and energy ball, it was marvelous, for he new 
with that energy in his hand the entire planet would be dead when ever he saw 
fit to destroy it, he threw the marvelous energy and it headed straight for 
where Mihoshi was, it went threw atmosphere and Mihoshi really did not have a 
choice and decided to looked up but only to see the energy that would 
collided with earth she could not even scream as the energy collided with the 
planet destroying all of earth completely and Mihoshi as well.Messatsu won, 
the planet earth was completely destroyed, Tenchi and al his friends dead, 
they failed to stop him, now Messatsu had what he wanted.

(I have done it, all of my years of waiting I have done it, Sasami is dead, 
Mihoshi is dead, Ryoko is dead, Washu is dead, and of course Tenchi is dead,  
and Ayeka as well dead, heheheh well I am supreme and I will never be stopped 
the universe in mine)thought Messatsu.

Messatsu left the solar system where earth once was, now he would being his 
rain of terror knowing that he has destroyed all those who could possibly 
stop him except one, that being Tokimi.space was now his and of forevermore 
it will be, but maybe not, Tokimi was a mystery even to Messatsu even thought 
he had all the eknowledge of Tsunami and Washu, Tokimi was still the egnima, 
she could be the one to destroy him, but it was dount full as Tokimi has no 
desire to be bothered by such a creature, but Messatsu was determined to find 
and destroy the goddess.

(Now I can do what I want, but before I can do that there is one person I 
must kill to truly be the strongest and that is to kill Tokimi, you are not 
forgotten Tokimi you will die, you will die just like all of them, aaah a 
glorious battle it will be and then you will die after I humiliate 
you)thought Messatsu.


                                                                      Tokimi

In another dimension Lady Tokimi saw the carnage that has happened to Tsunami 
and Washu to her and it was amusing to see them be killed by such a creator, 
a creator which also thinks that he can defeat and kill her.

(Well that was interesting, I cannot believe that thing has destroyed them 
all, I never would have thought they would die like that, I was certain that 
I would be the one to kill them, but it had not come to pass but it is still 
amusing to say the least, I take it he thinks he can beat me, well let him 
try but to bad he has no idea how powerful I really am, and he will never 
know how powerful I really am, true Messatsu has some of my powers but he is 
nothing in my presence, even if he was at his full power it would be  less 
than half of mine, so for him to think he can beat me is entertaining, well 
everyone has dreams but unfortunately his is unreachable,  if he thinks he 
can honestly kill me then let him try for I will be waiting for him, if he 
thinks I will be easy like my dear sisters he is wrong, I am not to be 
trifled with, there was a reason why I was put in this dimension, and now if 
Messatsu thinks he can try to kill me then he will find out exactly why?, but 
it is still amusing to believe that there all dead, I would have thought that 
the powers of Tenchi and Washu and Ryoko and Tsunami would surely be enough 
to kill Messatsu, but alast I was wrong, his power suprassed them and they 
fell quickly, that whats going to happen if he tries to kill me, and it will 
be interesting, indeed it will be interesting, but I am curious to say, Ryoko 
had access to the Wing's, which means she has the power that could rival mine 
and may actually pose a threat but no matter, she is now dead so i have 
nothing to be concerned about.)thought Tokimi looking at Messatsu fly threw 
space destroying everything in his path.

Soon, very soon the two ultimate powers would collide, and a great battle 
would ensue for the universe and everything else for that matter, to say who 
would win would be unknown though, powers of there kind were far stronger 
than that of Washu and Tsunami combined, but this was not a battle for good 
and evil or right or wrong, no it was much more than that, Tokimi and 
Messatsu wanted something more, they wanted to be absolute, the sole being 
who ruled over all, though Messatsu was created by Washu, he is now a god, 
and now there only Two gods left, that being Tokimi and Messatsu, this was 
the reason for Tokimi being banished in the first place, like Messatsu she 
wants to be absolute, the one being who rules over all, they both strive for 
the same thing, Two beings with the same desire could possibly destroy the 
universe if not anything more than that, though they want the same thing, 
they would not want to share this, it is all for themselves, when they 
collide time itself might actually be destroyed because of there massive 
power, Tokimi and Messatsu, two beings who want to be the sole ruler over 
all, but it dosent matter who wins really, if Messatsu wins he will do what 
ever he please and destroy what he wants, and Tokimi will do just the same, 
destroying what ever she wants.soon, very soon they will collide and the 
winner will get there wish.soon they will encounter one 
another..........soon...very...soon.

                                                              ?THE END OR IS 
IT?

Author's notes: ok so they lost, yeah I know it sucks, but do you really 
think that the good guys always win, I mean come on, we all know thats not 
true, sometime the bad guys do win.i hope you enjoyed this fic, the sequel to 
this story will be Project Messatsu 2 will be end of this tale
Legal Disclamer:The character's of Tenchi Muyo belong to AIC and Pioneer, I 
dont not own these charcter but the story is mine as well as the charcter 
Messatsu as well is mine,Messatsu is mine and mine only do not steal put him 
any story with out my concent ok. 
The song Forever more is a song sung by Ryoko in is Tenchi universe so it 
belongs to AIC and Pioneer, which means I do not own that either. This is 
Divine Death Dragon signing out, comments are really appreciated, tell me 
what you think, ok...later E-mail me at Divine_Death_Dragon@1freeemail.com

                                                               Project Messatsu

