

                           Project Messatsu 2
                            The Power Of One    
                                   by
                           Divine Death Dragon


So much has happened in the last two earth years, but earth does not exist 
anymore, nor does the galaxy police or the jurian empire for that matter, so 
much has been lost by one being and he has continued to kill more and more, 
yet he is still looking for her, the one being who he still wished to face 
her, the being he is looking for is Tokimi, it has been long and hard for the 
universe as 62% of the universe's inhabitants have been killed by Messatsu, 
it was sad how it happened, religion, love, honor are nothing anymore, for 
the goddess who believed these things are nothing more than a mere memory, 
the goddess Tsunami, died a long and hard battle against Messatsu, and even 
with the help of goddess Washu they failed, now there is only one goddess 
left, that being Tokimi, and that is who Messatsu seeks, for she is the last 
goddess, they both want to rule over all, but during the two earth years 
things have changed , Messatsu has destroyed so much of the universe, all 
those who have opposed him have fallen prey, those who challenged him have 
died instantly, he is with out a doubt the strongest being in the universe 
yet he still seeks Tokimi, she has been the one he seeks, it was easy of 
getting rid of D3, he was not even a challenge for Messatsu. but now there is 
only Tokimi, she has been in the dimension where she has been banished all 
this time, Tokimi has been seeing the carnage since the battle of Tenchi and 
Messatsu, but even he fell fallen to Messatsu,  and Tokimi thought that 
Tenchi would be able to defeat Messatsu but she was wrong, Tenchi failed and 
was killed.

(It's amusing to see him trying to find and kill me, he must honestly think 
he can beat me, I am Tokimi the ultimate goddess, I will not fall to this 
pathetic being, and to think he beat D3 with mere ease, I am amused though,  
it has been some time since I seen a worthy being for me to face, but I 
cannot enter there realm for I think Messatsu had figured this out, after all 
I was banished and he probably know why, I cannot got back to that dimension 
with out someone doing it on there side, heheh no matter though , if he dare 
thinks he can actually defeat me let him try, for I will be waiting the day 
we meet.)thought Tokimi siting on her throne in the dimension where she lay 
banished.

                                                           Meanwhile in Space

Messatsu looked at the poor ship which was on the brink of destruction, it 
lay there almost completely destroyed yet the occupant still did not give up, 
she refused to give up no matter who bad the odd's were against her and that 
was something Messatsu admired from her, she really did not have a chance for 
she was the very last bounty hunter in the universe prpobablyand she was the 
best at that so killing her would be worth it, the only person who ever 
escaped her was Ryoko, the very same Ryoko who was killed by Messatsu and 
that made her angry, someone else killed her prize,  her prey,  Nagi looked 
at Messatsu, he was not even phased by Ken-ohki's blast or attacks,  and she 
and Ken-ohki were being destroyed slowly but surely, Nagi looked and saw 
Messatsu forming the legendary Light Hawk Wing's, but they were of course red 
tinted instead of its blue tint, even she wondered why the Light Hawk wings 
were red instead of blue, but she really did not care at this moment, she 
looked as He had ten wings instead of the three he had when he fought, when 
he absorbed Washu's gems, he gained her full power, which intern gave her the 
power of the Light Hawk Wing's, Ken-ohki doged around the massive  Light Hawk 
Sword as Messatsu tried several time to kill the tiny space ship in one 
tedious blow, as Messatsu grew tired of this his golden eyes sparkled and a 
thing beam of energy came of out his eyes and struck Ken-ohki, this attack 
stopped the little ship leaving it helpless, Nagi looked up in her view 
screen and saw Messatsu raise his sword, she turned away in defeat as the 
sword came down on the little ship killing Ken-ohki and Nagi instantly, all 
could be heard was a final chow from Ken-ohki, a chow which was meant for 
Ryo-ohki, Messatsu looked at the destroyed battle ship explode one last time.

(This is to easy, I thought the best bounty hunter would be more of a 
challenge but I was wrong, so where are you Tokimi, I grow tired of this 
hiding, come out and lets end this pathetic game)thought Messatsu.

With that one thought Messatsu left and traveled where ever he felt in space 
for there was nothing anybody can do to stop them, he did kill to two 
goddess, the legendary space pirate, the crown princess of jurai, and of 
course he killed the one they loved most, the one all the girls loved,  he 
killed Tenchi Masaki, Messatsu had killed the crowned prince of Jurai, the 
prince who was loved by five women.

It is said that the best way to get rid of evil is to use the power of good 
on your side, but what happens when the two being's are greater than good or 
evil, what do you do, neither are fighting for each side yet both want the 
same thing, to be one, the god of all, the sole ruler of everything in 
existence, but at what price will they go to have it, already Messatsu has 
destroyed untold amount of space and all its inhabitance, while Tokimi  is 
just there still watching and waiting till the time comes to strike, two 
powers unrivaled in The universe would destroy the universe it self it they 
were to fight, yet neither really care, it is to both of them there destiny 
to rule over all, though there paths are different they will meet at the end, 
and a great conflict will arise, Good and Evil have no say in the matter, for 
they themselves are the beings who created such things as Good, though 
Messatsu himself was created by dear Washu, he is now a god, for he has her 
gems, the gems in which she gave to Ryoko, but now he has it, the universe 
has suffered and will continue to suffer to they great being collided, but 
then what, will the universe be able to handle such power, what will happen 
after the fight is over, already so many people have died, countless 
Trillions of souls have been silenced by Messatsu, yet he seeks only one, 
that being Tokimi, after the death if Washu at his hand he was to say 
relieved, his soul creator died at his very hand, and for him to see the face 
of Ryoko when he killed Tenchi in cold blood was to say amusing in the least, 
her shock and horror was something Messatsu remembered, then came princess 
Sasami, transformed into Tsunami, yet she to failed, her powers with Washu 
were supposed to kill Messatsu but did no such thing, she to died a painful 
death as she was impaled and her life withered away in agony, next who had no 
chance, was Ayeka, seeing her sister dead was something few could ever grasp, 
already she suffered with her parents and brother dyeing, to see her dear 
sister dye was so tragic, she died to a sorrowful death as Messatsu's energy 
sword went in her back, killing her instantly over he sister, then last but 
not least was Mihoshi, she was the one who probably suffered the most, seeing 
Messatsu supposedly leave, was saddening, after he supposedly left, all 
Mihoshi saw was the bodies Tenchi,  Ayeka,  Sasami, Washu and of course 
Ryoko,  Mihoshi looked up only to see and energy beam come down on the planet 
killing her and the whole planet for that matter instantly, instantly nearly 
fourteen billion people died, the whole planet earth was wiped out, that is 
when Messatsu realized he was a god, a being in which no one could touch him 
or kill him, the gods Washu and Tsunami failed and died miserably, and they 
were gods, so what was he, he killed immortals, yet there was one, who just 
laughed ever so softly in his Mind, he knew who it was, he smiled at the 
thought and thus began the destruction of the universe, the laughter was that 
of Tokimi, while Messatsu kept on destroying the universe she still laughed, 
for she destroyed two other universe's, and this one would be easy, the fact 
that Washu and Tsunami guarded this universe made Tokimi not take it by 
force, but no Washu's creation is doing it for her, though after the universe 
is whiped out Messatsu will certainly go after Tokimi, infact Tokimi already 
realized that was Messatsu's true goal after the death of Washu.Messatsu has 
killed hope, he has killed love, he has killed all things in which we hold 
dear, yet he sees only one person now, that is Tokimi, she does not want to 
rule the universe, no she wants to rule everything, time, space, dimensions, 
everything, the universe is just one of many things to be ruled over, 
Messatsu has already figured this out, and is trying to figure they was to 
get Tokimi out of her dimension so they may do battle, but then what, after 
the great war of the gods, what then, nothing will change on what has 
happened.the universe or should I say life will still lose no matter who 
wins, neither will give up till they are the sole ruler.destiny has played a 
cruel hand on the universe and who ever wins will be destiny it self, 
controlling on what goes on, all this destruction for one simple thing, to be 
number one, to be the GOD OF ALL, but is it really worth it, Messatsu and 
Tokimi have thought so.and soon very soon the universe will be fought over by 
them, the two being's who are not to be trifled with.


(This grows tire some, how long must I wait for you Tokimi, I will find you I 
swear it, for you cannot hide from me forever, I have already killed you 
servant D3 and soon you shall be next, you will die just like D3, a slow 
painful death, for he thought he could actually kill me and found out the 
hard way when he realized he was very out matched,  and you will to when I 
come for you.ahh but  D3 you were quite the challenge but you had know idea 
of what you were up against, but ill remember your battle against me, you 
fought brave but incredible stupid still only to die like everyone 
else)thought Messatsu flying threw space.


                                                 The Battle Of D3 against 
Messatsu

The two warriors looked at each other, each one not underestimating the 
other, as there eye's narrowed they knew this would be a battle that would be 
far tougher than the battle of Tenchi, D3 was not to be trifled with, his 
powers were as strong as Washu, D3 looked at Messatsu, fighting in his true 
dragon state form, and D3 still looking the same as always just as big as 
Messatsu now, they were big to say the least, no words needed to be said as 
they knew that only one person would come out alive, with a sly smirk D3 
lunged at Messatsu with a green energy sword in hand.a low growl was heard 
and Messatsu charged D3 with his red energy sword, slowly but surly they 
started to come close to one another, there powers could be felt it was so 
strong that any other person would die by feeling there power , with one 
mighty clash the two energy sword slammed into each other, sparks of energy 
was being dispersed as the two being just looked at one another locked in 
battle, they both back away at the same time still looking at one another, D3 
looked at Messatsu and charged him once again, but Messatsu just vanished 
from where he once was, D3 looked around slowly not to be so hesitant as 
Messatsu could be anywhere, D3 realized where he was and brought his energy 
over his head in defense and Messatsu blade struck D3's, Messatsu growled and 
his eyes started to sparkle and he shot two energy beams from his eyes and 
struck D3 in the arm which made D3 go back, Messatsu still advance on D3 
trying to be relentless as possible, with his good arm D3 still had his 
energy sword and formed in into and energy ball and waited for the unknowing 
Messatsu, he still came after D3 waiting to strike him down with one blow, as 
Messatsu raised his energy sword to strike D3 he saw D3 throw his energy 
sword which was now a beam at Messatsu and struck him dead in the chest, D3 
formed another energy sword and charged the now stunned Messatsu, though 
stunned Messatsu had his energy sword in hand and saw the fast pace D3 come 
quickly, as if one cue Messatsu brought his energy sword up and blocked D3's 
attacks, high and low Messatsu seemed to block D3's every attack, as Messatsu 
regain his self, with his free hand he created and energy ball and struck D3 
directly in the chest forcing him to be pushed back, Messatsu looked as D3 
was now stunned, with another growl, Messatsu arched his seven wings out, 
another growl was heard as the seven wings started to glow bright bluish to 
white, and with one instant he arched his wings to come to the front of him 
as if in defense, when all came together and finally went back to there 
normal place, a single bluish energy ball was there just sitting there, D3 
recovered and saw the energy ball not knowing what it really was, Messatsu 
punched the energy ball and it exploded and shot a massive beam at D3, he saw 
the beam, but did not have time to dodge it in time, so he decided to block 
it, as the beam finally struck D3 he felt himself being withered away by the 
beam, but he was lucky as the beam finished but leaving D3 in know way shape 
or form to fight, he was really hurt, Messatsu looked at D3, who was now 
defeated but did not just give in, Messatsu called the power of the Light 
Hawk Wing's, the ten red wings came to him, D3 knew what was about to happen 
but did not have a chance to do anything about it, he put  his arms threw two 
of the wings and his full scale body armor came to him, the blood look of the 
armor was intimidating to say the least, against he grabbed another Light 
Hawk Wing and a Magnificent red tined sword came to him, D3 backed away 
slowly as Messatsu came to him, with out any choice left, D3 charged 
Messatsu, D3 came to Messatsu with his energy sword striking the red Light 
Hawk Sword, his energy sword just shattered, and was left defenseless, 
Messatsu raised his sword, and D3 knew it was over, he brought his sword down 
and struck D3 several time's as the power of the Light Hawk Wing's killed D3, 
one scream was heard from D3 as he died, but he said one thing before he 
died.

"Tokimi will kill you Messatsu, just wait......."said D3 right before he died 
and exploded.

Messatsu just waited in silence, for that was a worthy battle, but Tokimi was 
still what he wanted, and then again he heard a woman's laughter in his mind, 
he then took of to find Tokimi.
 
                                                         Back to the present

(Indeed that was a good battle, but to bad he was still not strong enough to 
satisfy me hunger for a true battle, thought something's bother me, like why 
are my Light Hawk Wings red instead of blue, or why am I hereing Tokimi's 
laughter, even though I know this I am still wondering on why My wings are 
red, I cannot understand this and it is bothering me dearly)thought Messatsu 
thinking about the battle.

As Messatsu flew threw space he knew where Tokimi was, it was so simple, yet 
so difficult to find, how could he be so dumb, the reason why Tokimi could 
not be found in space is because she was not in space, she was beyond it, 
past it, a place where she was never to be found,  Messatsu smiled and flew 
at amazing speed to the closest blackhole, he hummed in a joyous tone as,  
for now he would be able to fight the last god, he flew threw space until 
coming up to a blackhole, a standard blackhole, but it would serve its 
purpose, summoning up his energy in his hand, he released the energy in the 
blackhole, and it worked successfully, it exploded violently as a rip in the 
black hole made a gate way, that to Tokimi's realm,  Messatsu figured it out 
that a black hole could take you anywhere but he did not figure that using it 
could take him to Tokimi, Messatsu went threw the blackhole, it was weird in 
the black hole, as there were vast colors of blue orange white and other such 
colors,  it was just the way he escaped dimension fourteen, as he finally 
came to his destination he was to say the least shocked, it was not empty and 
desolate, supriseingly there were flowers and grass everywhere, slowly 
Messatsu transformed into his humanoid state, he did not want to destroy the 
tranquillity of this place,  he walked past the flowers and went to another 
area where there was nothing but grassfeilds thats were knee high, then he 
saw it, his prize if you will, she was just sitting there, in mid-air, 
floating with her eyes closed, he smiled as he knew thats she knew he was 
hear but paid no mind, slowly Tokimi opened her eyes and looked at him, there 
was silence for sometime till one spoke.

"Lady Tokimi I presume?" finally said Messatsu looking at the goddess 
waiting.

"Ahh Messatsu, I see you finally made it here, I thought it would take longer 
but then again I knew you would eventually figure it out." replied Tokimi who 
was now standing looking at Messatsu.

"You know what I here for correct?" said Messatsu licking his lips.

"Why of course, but why are you not in your true form, well in any case don't 
take me so easily to beat, Tenchi, Washu, and Tsunami are pathetic to my 
powers." said Tokimi putting her hands on her hips.

"Is that so huh, well my dear Goddess, let us see who is the strongest, lets 
go weapon vs weapon, god vs god."said Messatsu bringing out his red energy 
sword.

"Heheheeh yes lets end this little game shall we."replied Tokimi bringing out 
her gold energy sword.

They grew silent not saying a word, there power grew stronger as the clouds 
started to darken and lighting started to flare, still looking at each other, 
they both smiled at the same time and leaped at each other, thus causing the 
final battle.

                                                   Tokimi   &   Messatsu
                                   The Great Conflict Of The Immortals Beings


As the lighting clashed so did the two energy swords, each one looking at the 
other not saying a word, each one not even breaking a sweat yet both so 
determined to win, again another clash was heard, but it was not the lighting 
or the thunder, it was the pure power of there energy sword colliding with 
each other, for what it seems now it was pure even, not one was gaining over 
the other, they both clashed swords yet again but back away from each other, 
only just to look at each other, Tokimi looked at Messatsu who just vanished, 
in the blink of an eye Tokimi raised her energy sword in defense and blocked 
the suprise attack by Messatsu very easily, again they looked, neither tired 
yet were at a stunning draw, with one hand Messatsu created an energy ball in 
his hand and released it at Tokimi, as the energy came to her, Tokimi just 
stood there, waiting then to Messatsu's suprise,  Tokimi had caught the 
energy in her hand, looking at the energy Tokimi threw it back at Messatsu 
who doged it easily and exploded on the ground, growing tired of this draw 
Messatsu summoned his power to release the light Hawk Wings.

(Hmm he is summoning the powers of the Dark Hawks Wings, well let him, he 
must think I cant do it to, but he is so stupid that he thinks they are the 
Light Hawk Wings,  he may be immortal but he has allot to learn)thought 
Tokimi.

Messatsu clenched his fist and the power of the Ten Dark Hawk Wings came to 
him, the red wings stood infront of him waiting, Messatsu smiled wanting to 
see what the goddess would do,  Tokimi smiled and smirked to herself as she 
cracked her neck, and cracked her fingers and a gold like aura started to 
glow.

Tokimi stood in mid-air as her power started to envelop her, the pure power 
that she had was very high, it was doubtful that Tokimi herself could sustain 
all her power, she was to strong for her well being but so was Messatsu for 
that matter, as a pair of ten gold wings came into fold Messatsu looked in 
awe as her power continued to grow, with a very bright flash the ten gold 
wings were out, there power were unbelievable but Tokimi would most likely 
never get all the power out of them for they were that strong, she was the 
only one with the gold wings, she was the only one with the Universal Divine 
Wings, though the wings looked like the Light Hawk Wings or the Dark Hawk 
Wings except that they were very ridged,  they were stronger but it was very 
doubtful that anybody could attain that power, as Tokimi landed she spoke to 
him.

"So Messatsu would you like to make this battle take a step higher?"said 
Tokimi laughing and looking at Messatsu.

"Well why not, lets do this!" replied Messatsu turning into his true form, 
thus making Tokimi look up at the giant, supriseingly Tokimi did the same, 
making her self the same size as Messatsu, once again they looked at each 
other this time they were serious.

The two looked at each other, waiting for the other two move, the powers of 
the two stopped time it self, only they were permitted it to move, there 
power was so strong, the looked at each other, having both Ten wings all 
spread out, both of them summoned there armor but the difference was 
Messatsu' was red  and flashy as the Armor was very eratically shaped and 
formed and Tokimi's was gold, her Armor was looked at of Tenchi's armor but 
with gold instead of the blue,  they were both silent as they both created 
now two light hawk sword for each hand, no that was wrong,  Messatsu created 
two Dark Hawk Wings sword while Tokimi created two Universal Divine Wings 
swords, they looked at each other once more, and without a second both 
charged each other with the power never seen before.

As if fighting with one energy sword was not difficult, they were both 
fighting with two Wings swords, there swords collided with each other as each 
one tried to kill the other swiftly, this  battle would prove long as both 
were very agile, almost even in all aspects, if there was hope, hope would be 
killed, they were so powerful that time it self had stopped, all you could 
hear was the quickness of the swords and them clashing into each other, what 
seem like forever they had not gotten the advantage over each other, they 
just kept on dueling, till one would fall, they both finally stopped, not 
tired but they both knew this battle was fruitless, for Messatsu was strong 
as Tokimi for she could not get her full power of the Universal Divine Wings 
out.

It was weird, for neither were fighting for the likes of good,  or the likes 
of evil, they were fighting for it all, complete control,  or was that the 
case, Messatsu had finally killed Washu, but he still wanted more, he also 
killed Tsunami for that matter , the other goddess as well, and now the was 
one goddess left,  the one who was never challenged, even Washu and Tsunami 
feared her, she was unpredictable,  her name was Tokimi, and she was now 
fighting Messatsu.

All you could hear was the swoosh of the swords missing there destined 
targets, as Tokimi dodged Messatsu's attack, she lashed out at him, putting 
Messatsu on the defensive position for a change,  clash after clash,  they 
still were in and even lock, like if they were both even in power, but was 
that the case, who was stronger, Messatsu was created from everything so by 
far he would be very strong, he already did the unthinkable and killed Tenchi 
Masaki,  he also laid waste to princess Ayeka Jurai,  but it got worse he 
killed princess Sasami Jurai who was also Tsunami,  he killed Ryoko, his so 
called sister like he called it she was very determined but she to died a 
very pain full death,  Mihoshi died probably the worse out of them all, 
seeing her friends all dead right before her very eyes, it must have been 
hard to see her friends be dead infront of her then she to die, then after 
all the years of struggling he got her, he killed Washu, the one who he 
wanted dead so very much, it was no obvious that he was the strongest now, 
but there was one who he did not face yet, and that was Tokimi,  but now 
Messatsu is facing her, and the battle is locked in dead heat.

They looked at each other, smiling to a suprise, they seemed to be enjoying 
them selves, it was still even, neither were stronger than the other, and if 
they were then it would be little you could not relize it, they charged each 
other with both sword in hand, as they collided all went slow, as the total 
amount of twenty massively powerful wings severed a whole in space it self, 
they unknowing made a cut that could send them in time  to where ever they 
wanted to go,  yet the both did not relize it,  moving around Tokimi's sword 
quite easily Messatsu punched Tokimi in the stomach which actually phased 
her, as he was going to kill her bring his sword on her,  Tokimi sliced 
Messatsu leg, and spun around him waiting.

Messatsu slowly turned around to see Tokimi standing infront of the cut in 
space, with out warning Messatsu rushed Tokimi so fast that she was 
unprepared for it sending them both into the cut in space, they were both 
going back in time but where were they going, and they were still fighting 
then they saw light.

(Ah I know what this is, this is perfect, I hate to admit it though but she 
is stronger than me,  I cannot allow it, I will be able to beat her if I 
could merge with my past self and then I will have a new place to kill and be 
all powerful,  this is to good to be true, I am going to go back in time 
right before the battle and merge with myself and then ill stop and kill 
Washu yet again, and besides it would be good to kill them again.)thought 
Messatsu.

Both Tokimi and Messatsu changed back in there normal size's, correction 
Messatsu transformed into his human like form, as they arrived they both 
stopped fighting looking at each other confused, Messatsu around and looked 
at the Messatsu of the past, and a great silence heard as Washu and Tenchi 
saw something that everyone else did not see yet, there were TWO Messatsu's 
there, but Washu already figured it out once she saw the other person next to 
him, thats was Tokimi, Washu looked at the Messatsu of the future and the 
Messatsu of the present and screamed getting  EVERYONES attention, all was 
baffled as the two Messatsu's looked at each other, meanwhile Tokimi looked 
at both smiling at them laughing for some reason, though Tenchi and Ryoko 
looked at each other fearing the worst.the paths of time had already changed 
as Mihoshi was not under the control of Messatsu, the gem that was used to 
control her went into Messatsu of the past, slowly she regained her senses, 
and the two Messatsu's the looked at each other not saying a word yet they 
nodded at each other, the Messatsu of the past was strong but nowhere near as 
strong as the Messatsu of the future, for he had all of Washu's powers, with 
there powers joined they would be the strongest being ever, even maybe be 
more powerful then Tokimi, the both charged each other and collided, a great 
explosion was felt as well as heard, when Tenchi looked up at Messatsu, not 
two just one, there was only one of them, Tenchi looked at Washu who already 
knew the answer.

"Tenchi they have merged, there powers are unbelievable!"screamed Washu.

"Yes there power is great, but do not worry they will die by my hand...said" 
Tokimi who walked towards Messatsu.

"Are you crazy Messatsu he will kill us all!" demanded Washu.

"No that is where you are wrong dear Washu,  in my time you are already dead, 
in fact 62% of the universe is dead for that matter, except for me,  it seems 
my fight with Messatsu brought us some how back here before all of you died 
so be grateful dear sister."said Tokimi now only a few feet away form 
Messatsu.

Those words left Washu in a trance, they died fighting Messatsu, they didn't 
win but time was different, they may have a chance now that Tokimi was here, 
but it still bothered Washu that they died.

"So Lady Tokimi,  are you ready to finish this fight or not? "said Messatsu 
smiling and rush Tokimi.

"You called me Lady ahh I see, .....why of course I would not have it any 
other way!"yelled Tokimi rushing Messatsu.


                                                The Alteration Of The Past

By pure power time itself has now been changed by the two warriors who were 
now locked in dead heat with each other, to believe that there power so 
strong that it sent them back in time, before Messatsu claimed the lives of 
Tenchi and his friends but he still did claim many lives as he still 
destroyed all of Jurai and the galaxy police, but now with time change all 
has changed or a little, the Messatsu of the past, had merged with the 
Messatsu for the future and are now one fighting the goddess Tokimi, it was 
proving hard for Tokimi to fight now as Messatsu's power was now as strong as 
Tokimi herself, maybe even stronger but that could be determined,  though a 
certain red headed scientist feels so heart broken, they died in the future 
and it is something that dear Washu feels so guilty about,  those words by 
Tokimi were the truth for the Tokimi of the past was still in another 
dimension and could not be reached, and Washu was looking at the Tokimi of 
the future go blow for blow with Messatsu like if it were even, Washu did not 
think it would be possible to do so, while Messatsu and Tokimi were fighting 
Washu went to everyone else.

"Everyone listen we must help Tokimi defeat Messatsu, we cannot let her do 
this alone,  we must help her now to win."said Washu looking at them all.

"Are you we should we Washu, she is doing pretty good herself."said Ryoko 
looking at Washu.

"Because Ryoko, in Tokimi's time we are ALL DEAD, except for her!"yelled 
Washu at Ryoko.

"Is this so then how she is here then."asked Tenchi looking at Washu.

"The reason why Tokimi is here is simple, when the were fighting each other 
in there time, there power must have been so great that time it self was cut 
and they were some how transported here, and as to why here I don't know for 
some reason they landed here."said Washu.

"Look at her Tenchi, she is the third goddess the universe and she is 
fighting not one but two Messatsu's, the future Messatsu has Ryoko's gems in 
him and has increased his power tremendously,  and the past one has merged 
with him, so he is very powerful even for Tokimi."said Washu trying to win 
Tenchi's vote to help Tokimi.

"Yes I agree we must help Tokimi, she may be a goddess but she can you our 
help, especially since she is fighting Messatsu."said Tenchi.

Tenchi,  Ayeka,  Ryoko,  Sasami,  Mihoshi,  and Washu all were going to the 
battle field were Tokimi and Messatsu were fighting, they were still almost 
even but Messatsu had the advantage as the power of both Messatsu's made 
Messatsu extremely powerful, Messatsu summoned his light hawk wings, but they 
were not red anymore, no they were gold, the same gold as Tokimi's, for the 
golden Universal Divine Wing's were the ultimate Wings of power, Tokimi 
seeing this back away and as well summoned her golden Universal Divine 
Wing's, both looked at each other, though both slightly tired neither were 
going to give up they were about t charge again when Washu,  Tenchi,  Ryoko,  
Ayeka,  Sasami,  and Mihoshi came to Tokimi's side, this caught Messatsu's 
eye now instead of just Tokimi she had Tenchi and company by her side

"What are you people doing here, I do not need your help, this is my fight 
and mine alone."said Tokimi.

"No Tokimi, this is not your fight this is our fight, we died in your time 
and we wont die in this one."said Washu.

"Fine very well do as you please but I warn you do not distract me, I want 
Messatsu to die."said Tokimi.

Now there were a total of seven against one, all against Messatsu, but they 
were not a challenge to him, the only one of the seven who was truly worthy 
of a fight was Tokimi, she was strong beyond anyone else and matched Messatsu 
well, though Messatsu looked at Washu, he smiled as he wanted to kill Washu 
again, but right now he had to deal with all seven of them at the same time 
which would prove slightly difficult consider there is a such thing as power 
in number's.

(So Lady Tokimi has some friends to help her out does she, supriseingly as it 
may, she does not want them to help, she should though, now that I have 
merged with my past self I am damn near invincible, now with the powers of 
the Universal Divine Wings I am invincible,  though it makes me wonder now, 
if Tokimi merged with the past Tokimi what will happen?, already my power is 
only slightly stronger than Tokimi, well no matter, these other six will do 
nothing to bother me, even though I remember that fight well, and if they 
were to try the exact same thing the will die very quickly)thought Messatsu.

Blocking Tokimi's blow to the face Messatsu saw the six running towards him, 
he knew that they would be part of a battle that has already shaped time 
itself, as Messatsu pushed Tokimi away, and as soon as he blocked her sword 
Ryoko brought out her energy sword and swung for Messatsu's neck but miss 
barely, seeing his chance for an attack Messatsu punched Ryoko in the stomach 
and making her feel tremendous pained kicked her away for good measure, not 
even a second later after Ryoko was kicked away both Tenchi and Washu came to 
Messatsu both trying to slaughter Messatsu, Messatsu looked at the two people 
coming towards him and he very easy for him though easily as it was for 
Messatsu he smiled at the heroic antics of actually them actually trying to 
kill them, for he already killed them once in the original time but it was 
now changed,  but killing them twice would be fun to disimate them but still 
he had to deal with Tokimi, as he successfully dodge and shot energy beams to 
Tenchi and Washu,  Tokimi waited for Messatsu to turn around and when he did 
turn around a think Universal Divine Sword was impaled in Messatsu, his eyes 
went wide and teleported away from them in fear that he may be impaled yet 
again, they turned around to see Messatsu clutching his stomach, they ran to 
him, Messatsu waited for them to come, indeed he was hurt, but it was Tokimi 
who hurt him, there attacks could do little damage to hurt him, he was 
actually two Messatsu's so his power as well as defense was very high, he got 
up just in time to block Tenchi's sword attack in the sky, then barely doged 
Washu's attack to the waist thats when he felt it, he forgot about Ryoko 
teleported around him and stabbed him in the back, in a wince of pain, a gold 
aura surrounded him, making everyone fall except him and Tokimi who now also 
had a gold aura around herself.

"I grow tired of these fool's interrupting in my battle."said Messatsu.

"As do I, so lets end this game now Messatsu, to see who is stronger and who 
will rule once and for all."said Tokimi .

"I am impressed with you my dear Lady Tokimi, I would think because I have 
merged with my past self you would run away and cower, but no you did 
not."said Messatsu.

Tokimi looked at Messatsu, his golden eyes never wavering from her eyes, each 
one awaiting for the first move, while Tenchi was on the floor he looked at 
the battle that was about to take place,  he got up to see Ayeka Washu Sasami 
and Mihoshi all laid out on the floor all severely bleeding but protected by 
a blue type of wings, then Tenchi wondered why he was not like that, he 
looked around and relize he was being protected by the light hawk wings, he 
himself had multiple wings around him, but they were not his, it was Ryoko, 
and she looked at Tokimi and Messatsu getting ready to fight each other, as 
Tenchi got up wavering, he felt enraged that Ryoko saved Ayeka Washu Sasami 
and Mihoshi and himself for that matter, he would of died if it was not for 
Ryoko, with guilt in his soul, Tenchi felt a power like he felt when fighting 
Kagato, he opened his eyes to see he him self had the Light hawk wings, 
slowly he walked to Ryoko already waiting, he looked at her and smiled.

"Tenchi...we must help Tokimi, she is strong as Messatsu but she will not be 
able to defeat him though, when he merged with his past self his power grew 
to an immense power, and such I think we should do the same, not merging with 
each other,  or Tokimi but merging our power's to Tokimi."said Ryoko.

"Yes that maybe be a good idea Ryoko, but Tokimi will never allow it, she 
wants to fight this battle alone like she has to prove something to Messatsu, 
look at her Ryoko, she herself is fighting what we failed to do, she is 
fighting not one but TWO Messatsu's and she may have the ability to win but 
it is highly unlikely that she can do it alone, you know as well as I know, 
she will not want any help, but this is our battle, and I doubt we can win, 
remember Washu and Sasami are gods and failed, and you going to battle will 
only make you die and I could not bare to see you die Ryoko."Said Tenchi.

Ryoko sighed to Tenchi who did have  point fighting with Tokimi would prove 
useless,  only she could do it, Tenchi put his arms around Ryoko and they 
both walked to the bodies of there friends who were very much alive, already 
the galaxy had suffered, the jurain empire was still destroyed and so was the 
Galaxy police, as they reached there friends they use the power of the light 
wings to lift the up and heal them, slowly Ryoko and Tenchi moved all of 
there friends away form danger, though they were all unconscious, they were 
now safe from danger that is,  Ryoko hated not helping Tokimi, though she did 
not know Tokimi, she knew Messatsu, and it made her mad,  mad to the point 
that she would  kill herself if she could not help, again Ryoko looked over 
at Tokimi, blocking and attacking at Messatsu who did the very same already, 
and finally Tokimi was having a slight advantage, but then again Messatsu had 
an advantage over Tokimi but lost it.Tenchi looked at Ryoko and agreed even 
though she didn't not realize it, he walked to Ryoko and held her hand, 
stunned Ryoko looked at Tenchi and realized what it meant, they were going to 
help Tokimi weather she liked it or not, they ran to the battle and stopped, 
they looked at each other and nodded then charged Messatsu.

                                                         Past Against The 
Future

As Messatsu attacked Tokimi,  he soon realized that she was not going to give 
up or die like everyone else did in the Past,  no she would die in battle if 
she did for that matter,  as Messatsu brought up his Universal Divine Sword 
to strike Tokimi,  Messatsu not realizing that he was fighting more than one 
person was hit by a great force caused by Ryoko, Tokimi was very suprised and 
looked at her confused as to why she would help, but said nothing because 
Messatsu was more important than anything else,  Messatsu was the one who had 
to be delt with a the moment, as Messatsu recovered from the attack it was 
Tenchi who charged Messatsu,  with his Light Hawk Sword in hand dashing and 
swinging but missing everytime, seeing Tenchi's desperate struggle Tokimi now 
came in the attack but unlike Tenchi she actually struck Messatsu in the face 
sending blood to the floor, Ryoko and Tokimi both stabbed Messatsu, while 
Tenchi jumped in the air and came down on Messatsu bring his sword down on 
the foul demon, a low growl could be heard from Messatsu, he vanished and was 
now behind Ryoko,  Tenchi saw that he was behind Ryoko but she could not and 
was shot by an energy blast that almost left her for dead in an instant, as 
Messatsu was about to kill Ryoko he was blasted by a certain red headed 
scientist who refused to have her daughter kill again,  Messatsu looked at 
Washu and laughed and decided to lunged at Washu only to be stopped by 
Tsunami or rather Sasami who used he power and created an energy blast which 
hit him sending him far back, as Messatsu was very startled by such and 
attack he started to get annoyed,  with out warning he was struck by Tokimi 
who then landed on the floor next to Tenchi,  Messatsu was mad and it was 
visible to see it,  those petty attacks were useless yet they still fought, 
slowly everyone came to the field where they fight Messatsu now all awake 
they waited to see what he would do,  Messatsu smiled as he realized that he 
would have to get serious instead playing these little games with them,  
Tokimi looked at Messatsu,  her beautiful eye's never left Messatsu gaze as 
they looked at each other silently waiting to kill the other.as Messatsu and 
Tokimi summoned there powers to levels beyond universal level's and were 
still getting stronger,  Tsunami and Washu themselves had to use there own 
powers to protect from danger and the power that the two were creating,  and 
once again Tokimi and Messatsu were fighting alone forever,  they were going 
to destroy the planet or more or less the universe if this kept up,  that was 
why Tokimi was banished from the universe in the very first place,  her power 
was to great and she would one day try to take over everything or so Washu 
and Tsunami thought,  Tokimi and Messatsu were still getting stronger but 
soon they would attack each other,  Messatsu looked over at Washu,  after he 
killed Tokimi he would kill Washu again,  but first he had to go kill Tokimi,  
she had to be delt with and that required allot of attention,  and Messatsu 
knew this.as there power went higher there universal Divine Wings grew 
brighter then they came back to normal, silence was heard as they waited 
looking at each other,  now the past has already changed but now what, they 
still had to deal with Messatsu who was now stronger than he was before,  
Messatsu knew the minute he killed Tokimi he would have to kill the Tokimi of 
this present, but first he had to kill this one, ever so silent as they 
looked at each other, then they attack yet again.

"Tokimi you are going to feel my wrath and I will not play this pathetic game 
any more, it was fun but it is time for things to end starting with you."said 
Messatsu.

"Ooohh my friend, let me ask you does a fool such as your self experience 
fear?"said Tokimi summoning her powers to higher levels.

Messatsu waited as the golden aura surrounded Tokimi, her power was barely 
confinable,  forcing Tsunami and Washu back, Messatsu waited for Tokimi to 
fight at her fullest potential , he could sense her power was at and 
unbelievable level even for her, it was still getting stronger and it was now 
reaching Messatsu's power, and Messatsu was now at his highest power, and yet 
Tokimi was still summoning her powers, enraged by this Messatsu took a step 
back in anger for fear that Tokimi maybe stronger than him, Tokimi's eyes 
were like fire, the eternal flames that would never die out.

"Are you worried Messatsu, I am now where near to my fullest power!"said 
Tokimi still summoning her power.

"Immm impossible your power is.. is stronger than mine how is this 
possible."said Messatsu taking another step back.

"Thats...easy for me to answer,  the reason why I am this strong is simple I 
am the supreme goddess, and I am harnessing the supreme power of the 
Universal Divine Wings, before  Washu and Tsunami came into existence I was 
the only one there, when I created the universe I had doubts as well as 
caring for this world and I wanted domination of it all, all this in my mind 
some how triggered a transformation,  thus meaning Tsunami and Washu with me 
are one, I am the original goddess!"said Tokimi still getting stronger.

Tsunami and Washu looked at each other, they knew now thats why Tokimi was 
sent to another dimension, she would become one again with Washu and Tsunami, 
since they were apart of her,  Messatsu gritted his teeth, he knew that 
Tokimi was stronger than him.

Messatsu looked at Tokimi who was still summoning her power, he could not 
take it anymore, bring out his Ten Universal Divine wings, he formed one 
single sword, he looked at Tokimi and charged her, running towards her,  
Tokimi looked at Messatsu coming to her, and paid no mind and summoning more 
of her hidden powers,  Messatsu ran up to Tokimi and thrusted his Ten 
Universal Divine Sword right into Tokimi's chest., her eyes went wide as she 
felt the pain of the sword threw her, she looked down at Messatsu and smiled 
as she pushed Messatsu away from her, leaving the sword in her,  looking at 
the sword in her chest Tokimi pulled it out and destroyed it, with a blind 
fury Messatsu screamed with rage and also summoned his power, with a hint of 
anticipation Tokimi waited for Messatsu to get more powerful,  his anger was 
beyond that of possible limits, again Messatsu was almost stronger than 
Tokimi but ever so slightly weaker

Summoning there powers in hand, they both and released and energy beam that 
came to each other colliding with each other, the two beams were in dead 
lock, there energy beams were destroying the planet, as they collided not one 
was wavering and if it continued there would not be a planet left or universe 
left to fight for.

"No I wont lose, I am the perfect weapon I am MESSATSU!."said Messatsu 
putting his full power to the max increasing the energy beam.

As Messatsu's beam increased Tokimi's was now wavering and was on one knee by 
the power that was being felt my Messatsu, it was to Tokimi's suprise that 
Messatsu was so strong even she had to take notice as to see how powerful he 
really is,  Ryoko,  Tsunami,  Washu,  Ayeka,  Tenchi, and Mihoshi looked at 
each other and decided to do what they thought would be right.

"We must help her, this is for our lives and everyone else, we died once in 
time we wont die again.said Ryoko summoning her powers and bring her Light 
Hawk Wings in one energy beam.

"I agree with you Ryoko, we may not have always got along but you are totally 
right on this matter." said Ayeka bring forth the power of Jurai.

"I am Sasami, and I have the power of Tsunami herself, I will not let this 
place or anything else be destroyed by Messatsu."said Sasami summoning her 
powers as well.

"I am Tenchi Masaki, I have never ran away from a fight, and I will be damned 
if I will run now "said Tenchi bring forth his light hawk wings and summoning 
them into and energy blast

"I may have come from Tokimi, but that means nothing to me, the universe will 
not suffer anymore for my mistakes, Messatsu you will fall this day."said 
Washu summoning up he powers.

They all ran to the battle seeing Lady Tokimi not giving up, they all looked 
at each other and decided to go to battle, summoning his power Tenchi 
released his energy beam containing his power's striking Messatsu,  very 
suprised by that attack Messatsu spoke.

What!?.boy do you wish to die, well you will after I kill her.said Messatsu, 
summoning more power and pushed Tenchi back to the ground.

Ayeka Sasami and Washu all came to geather summoning there powers and after a 
great deal of energy was collected they released it, striking him which did 
very little damage, this got Messatsu mad that these pathetic beans would 
trying to interfere his fight with Tokimi, again he summoned his power and 
pushed them all away, Mihoshi looked at Messatsu and fired at him, which to 
Messatsu just paid no mind to, he had Tokimi now, she was wavering and he 
knew it, as if a burden were sent apon him, Messatsu felt a extreme pain on 
his side, he looked and saw Ryoko who used her powers of the light hawk wings 
to the very max of her abilities,  she phased him, Tokimi looked up and 
realized it and took the chance using her power she summon her power and the 
Non-elemental-zero explosion, the beam came forth and whiped took Messatsu's 
beam out of commission, Messatsu eyes went wide as the beam collided with 
him, a very loud scream was heard then there was silence, Tokimi grew tired 
and weak but still stood her ground,  a very hurt and staggering Messatsu lay 
on the ground extremely hurt and battered beyond and repair, Tenchi and 
everyone else got up to see Messatsu laying on the ground.

"Its over, she did it, Tokimi defeated Messatsu, she destroyed the ultimate 
being."said Tenchi.

"Yes Tenchi she did it, and it is finally over."said Washu.

There happiness was short lived as Messatsu started to get up, barely but he 
did, staggering he looked at Tokimi, she to was hurt to but not like he was, 
he smiled as she was as strong as him, an equal.

"Suprise to see me Tokimi,  did you actually think I would die so easily, I 
am the ultimate weapon and cannot be destroyed but I can say this though, I 
am very hurt by that attack of yours,  but it means nothing to me, if I cant 
defeat you then I will just destroy this galaxy then."said Messatsu summing 
his power for a final desperation move.

Tokimi knew this and ran towards him, and grabbed him, for she knew he would 
try to create an explosion using himself as a bomb to whipe out the galaxy, 
for Tokimi knew even if he exploded he would just regenerate if part of his 
very being some how survived the explosion and that would most likely happen,  
Messatsu looked at Tokimi and smiled, she knew what would happen, Tokimi 
teleported Messatsu and herself into space, Messatsu turned into his true 
form, this suprised Tokimi by far, and with that transformation he hit Tokimi 
send her back a few feet away , it did not bother Tokimi at all, it did not 
matter to Tokimi for she had to stop Messatsu now, with open hand she 
summoned her powers hidden powers in hopes that she would be able to stop or 
kill him and she released and energy beam and struck Messatsu right in the 
face, he smiled as the exploded apon impact but did very little damage to 
him, Tokimi was angered by his arrogance as he summoned up his last move 
which would give him the upper hand but she still had one card up her sleeve, 
but it was dangerous even for her and as well as the universe, if she were to 
consume his powers he would most likely die but it was dangerous to try.

As Messatsu summoned up his power's Tokimi  flew to Messatsu, they looked at 
each other, and Tokimi put her hand on him, he growled at Tokimi because he 
knew she was trying to absorb that explosion that was about to accure, 
Messatsu decided it was now time and he exploded himself,  from earth Tenchi 
and everyone could see a bright light from the sky, that bright light was 
actually Messatsu who exploded,  it was very bright at that, mixing with 
various different color's,  supriseing as it was Tokimi had survived the 
explosion but was very hurt.

(So this is how it ends huh?we both lose I guess)thought Tokimi who was 
falling towards earth because of the violent explosion caused by Messatsu had 
pushed her away with such a tremendous force considering she took the whole 
explosion dead on,  Tokimi looked at Messatsu, he to was also still alive if 
possible, his whole body was devastated as only the top remaining part of his 
body was left,  Tokimi looked down as she seen the up coming planet as she 
would surely fall to her death or just die by the battle it self that she had 
with Messatsu.

Tenchi looked up and seen a body of some sort and h knew who it was Tokimi's 
lifeless looking corpse falling to the ground ever so raggedly, slowly Tokimi 
fell to the planet as the intense heat was not really hurting her but was 
very bothersome, she started to drift away, Tenchi waited as the body of 
Tokimi kept falling towards the ground, as he was now in certain reach Tenchi 
jumped in the air and caught Tokimi who seems completely dead, as Tenchi 
landed he sat down putting Tokimi's head on his lap letting her relax.

"Washu is she alive."asked Tenchi who looked at the goddess who looked dead.

"Yes Tenchi she is alive as to how I cannot say, I thought for sure she would 
be killed,  she did what we could not Tenchi, she defeated Messatsu, I did 
not think that we would honestly die fighting Messatsu but time has changed I 
guess."said Washu.

Slowly Tokimi began to stir, her eyes were closed and she was very bruised 
other than that she seemed more or less serverly hurt,  Ryoko,  Ayeka,  
Sasami,  and Mihoshi came next to Tenchi who was looking over Tokimi.

"So Washu what do we do now?, I mean she is the third goddess you know,  I 
mean do we let her stay in this time or go back."said Tenchi.

"Thats a good question Tenchi and I honestly don't know how to answer that 
question,  I haven't decided on what we should do but lets just go inside and 
help her."replied Washu.

Tenchi got up and carried Tokimi in his arms, and went inside with everyone, 
when he made it inside he laid Tokimi down on the couch and sat by a near by 
chair looking at Tokimi.

(So she is the third goddess huh?, I never would of thought that I would die 
to Messatsu, but things have changed I guess, she has defeated Messatsu but 
now what, she belongs to a different time, would it be wrong is she were to 
stay here I wonder?)thought Tenchi.

Meanwhile up in space the battle was not over it just delayed, as Messatsu 
did not get destroyed as everyone thought, he was very much alive but in no 
condition to fight.

(I cant believe I lost this fight, I just cant believe it, I am an idiot,  I 
don't need this pathetic human like form to fight, ill just blow the whole 
fucking planet up, my true form is what I will stay in next time I fight 
them, I am Messatsu I don't lose fights, bah well no matter I will just win 
the war, but first I need to regenerate, that fight took allot out of me and 
I need to to recuperate for the final conflict, I will go to the moon and 
regenerate there,  and besides they are in no condition to fight 
either)thought Messatsu who started to slowly flew to the moon.

                                                              A Day Of Peace

The next day Tenchi woke up, he was very happy it was over, it was finally 
over the fight was finished, and he remember when it exactly happened, it was 
all when Washu called us, he remember what he said when he saw Washu.

 "Little Washu is something wrong you seem worried."asked Tenchi, breaking 
free from Ryoko and Ayeka and going to her. 

 "Yes Tenchi there is something wrong!, and it does not matter what I do I 
cant stop it."said Washu no louder than a whisper. 

(Did I just hear what I thought I heard, Washu not being able to do 
something, this is a first if I can ever remember, something must be up for 
her to be so down, I just hope it isn't that bad)thought Tenchi putting his 
arm on her shoulder.

*"Tell me Washu, what are you talking about."replied Tenchi  who was know 
full of concern.

 "Yes miss Washu would you please tell us whats wrong."asked Ayeka breaking 
free of her little brawl with Ryoko. 

 "Well its best that I show you instead, everyone please come in my 
lab."retorted Washu who felt so depressed to bring her friends into the 
colossal battle that was soon to come. 

Ah he remember it all to well but now it was finally over Messatsu had been 
destroyed, but everyone was asleep as of this moment, Tenchi wearily woke up 
and went down stair's to see if Lady Tokimi had gotten anybetter, because if 
it was not for her Tenchi knew that they would all be dead just like they 
should be, when Tenchi came down stair's and looked at the couch where she 
was, Lady Tokimi was not there, not that it bothered him that she was not 
there, for she was a goddess, Tenchi walked outside and took a walk to the 
lake and there he saw Tokimi sitting down by the space tree Funaho, Tenchi 
walked slowly to Tokimi, he did not know exactly how to approach her, she was 
a goddess and Tenchi did not know where Tokimi stood, was she friend or foe.

"Ahh Tenchi I see you are up and doing well."said Tokimi having her eyes 
closed but knowing he was there.

"Uhh yeah ummm I thought you would be hurt?, I mean if it was not for you we 
would all be dead, I mean uh thanks you."said Tenchi who was very nervous 
speaking to her

Tokimi opened her eyes and met his, she got up and looked at him, smiling she 
turned away and decided to walk to the shrine where grandfather used to live, 
so Tenchi decided followed Tokimi.

"Hmmm..................you know he is still alive right?"asked Tokimi.

"Uhhh......You mean Messatsu don't you,but there is no way he could live such 
a blast I saw it with my own eyes,  and I was on the earth and I still saw 
it."said Tenchi who was very concerned now.

"Well Messatsu is still very much alive but is in no shape to fight anyone 
right now at this moment so he will not attack us just yet."replied Tokimi.

"Will you help us Lady Tokimi if it was not for you we would have died for 
sure, infact we did die."said Tenchi.

"Yes I will help you Tenchi, but after he is killed I must speak with Washu 
it is important."said Tokimi.

Tenchi and Tokimi walked back to the house, Tenchi kept looking at Tokimi, he 
did not know exactly know why he kept looking at her, she always seemed like 
she had something planed, when they got in Sasami and Washu were already 
there to greet them, while Sasami was there to greet the two,it was no 
suprise that Tokimi and Washu glanced at each other but said nothing, infact 
Tokimi rarely said anything to them, sometime later Ryoko and Ayeka came down 
followed by a very tired Mihoshi who looked very hungry as usual.

"So Tokimi where will you go and stay."said Sasami.

"I guess I shall stay here until the battle with Messatsu is over little 
one."said Tokimi.

"You mean he is still alive."said Washu who looked at Tokimi.

"Yes he is alive Washu, but he wont be attacking us now, he is to hurt to 
fight, so Lady Tokimi its ok to stay here, just make yourself at home,  
Tokimi you are most welcomed here."said Tenchi.

Tokimi smiled at Tenchi and teleported away, confused by the action Tenchi 
paid now mind and decided to eat, meanwhile the rest of the gang had a nice 
big fat juicy breakfast, which was very delightful thanks to Sasami of 
course, after it was all said and done, Tenchi walked to the cave were Ryoko 
once used to be entrapped, he saw a rock and sat one it relaxing,  as if on 
cue Ryoko came down and sat next to Tenchi.

"Hello Tenchi" said Ryoko who sat next to him.

"Uh oh hi Ryoko and how are you doing now."said Tenchi looking at the space 
pirate.

"Well it depends on a few things, I just feel a little bad you know,  because 
I saw the future that Tokimi is from, Washu had the liberty of seeing what 
Tokimi saw in the future of where she came from, and Washu showed it to me, 
Tenchi it was very pain full to see, you me everyone is dead, and she also 
showed me the Universal Divine Wings, and now that Messatsu merged with his 
other self he was so strong that I doubt that even Tokimi herself could kill 
him."replied Ryoko.

"Yeah well you never know who things may work out, because what will happen 
when Messatsu is finally killed then we have to deal with Tokimi still, not 
saying that she has done anything wrong but I have a feeling she has her own 
objective and what is the Universal  Divine Wings exactly."said Tenchi .

"Tenchi the Universal Divine Wings are the ultimate power of literally 
everything, the Light Hawk Wings originate from those wings as well as the 
Dark Hawk Wings, though the Dark Hawk Wings are like the Light Hawk Wings but 
are different in a way, those wings are in a sense evil as they have only 
been used by the most wickedest of people, while the Light Hawk Wings are in 
a sense good which as they have only used by the purest of people, but the 
Universal Divine Wings can only be held by a pure entity that is beyond good 
and evil, those wings are originally used only by Tokimi,  but since Messatsu 
was created from literally everything he had a potential chance of using 
them, and when he merged with his past self his power nearly triple, thus 
gaining him the potential to access the wings, but off that of subject lets 
go see Ayeka she may be by Funaho, she has still crying about the death of  
her parents as well as all of Jurai."said Ryoko.

"So thats what those wings are I was wondering why they were different and 
that a suprise Ryoko I thought you and Ayeka did not like each other?"said 
Tenchi suprised by Ryoko's words.

"No its not like that at all Tenchi its just I don't like Ayeka fighting for 
your feelings thats all."replied Ryoko.

Tenchi smiled and walked with Ryoko and there Ayeka was, she was right by 
Funaho just like Ryoko had said, she was by herself sitting down by Funaho 
still crying both Ryoko and Tenchi went to Ayeka to still calm the princess 
down.

Ayeka still cried over the death of her family, everything she had known was 
competely destroyed, and even though Tokimi came back in time her parents 
were still dead and now Messatsu is stronger than ever

"Ayeka are you all right?"asked Tenchi who was concerned for his friend

"....no Tenchi I am not doings so well as of late"replied Ayeka

Ryoko did not know exactly know what to do in a sititution like this, Ayeka 
was her rival, but she did not know how to help her in this type of 
sititution, Ryoko knew that Tenchi was best to do this, Ryoko looked at the 
two and teleported and went off looking for Tokimi

"Ayeka please don't cry, it makes me feel so helpless when your are so 
sad"said Tenchi holding Ayeka's shoulders

"but Tenchi I cannot help it, my planet is gone, all of my people are killed, 
all of my friends there are all dead because of Messatsu, I am not a 
Princesses with out a place to rule"said Ayeka

"Ayeka listen to me, it is just a title to us it does not matter what title 
you have, it is who you are, you should know this by now, we don't care that 
you are a princess we love who you are."said Tenchi

"But Tenchi, I don't care about begin a princess, I want my family back, all 
I have now is you"replied Ayeka

Tenchi knew how Ayeka felt but what she was saying or trying to do he could 
not say and decide, not now anyway maybe if the battle was over than yes he 
would decide but not know,Ayeka got up and so did Tenchi, she looked at him 
and hugged him, not a hug that was just for love, it was a hug for hope

meanwhile Ryoko was looking for Tokimi, she needed to talk to her, something 
has been bothering Ryoko and it had something to do with Tokimi, searching 
for Tokimi frantically Ryoko eventually found her, it was a suprise Ryoko 
found Tokimi by the entrance where the steps to go to the shrine,she was one 
the red beam that Ryoko was one when Tenchi tossed her an apple

"Lady Tokimi I need to speak to you"said Ryoko looking up at the goddess

"What do you want little one"replied Tokimi not bothering to get up or 
acknowledge Ryoko

" Tokimi I need to know something, and I know you know the anwser so do not 
act like you do not know"said Ryoko

Tokimi teleported to the ground and had her back on one of the beams looking 
at Ryoko, how dare she come to her like that

"What would you like to know child"replied Tokimi looking at Ryoko sternly

"I want to know the REAL reason why I was created, what Washu said is not 
completely the truth, and I demand to know"said Ryoko

" And you expect me to tell you?, ahhh well fine little one if it pleases you 
I shall, you were created for multiple reason's, one of the reason's why you 
were originally created was because when Washu lost her child, she felt 
lonely and wanted yet another, she wanted to raise and love this child more 
than anything, but as you can see that didn't work in her favor"replied 
Tokimi reminding Ryoko of Kagato

"So what were the other reason's?" demanded Ryoko who was waiting in 
excitement to finally find out the truth of her very being

"The other reason or should I say the main reason why you were created was to 
kill me."replied Tokimi

(What?, why would Washu want me to kill Lady Tokimi)thought Ryoko

(Because she fears my power and she like Tsunami do not want to be complete 
again, and she also created you because Messatsu could not be controlled so 
that is where you came in)replied Tokimi threw the mind link

Ryoko instantly looked at Tokimi with her golden eyes, she was so mad that 
Tokimi could just stand there so calm and yet so dangerous at the same time, 
with out knowing what else to do Ryoko teleported back home while Tokimi 
stayed there waiting, waiting for Messatsu that is

"You are nothing but a useless tool that was created to stop me, hehe and you 
Know something dear Ryoko, knowing Washu, she probably would have done 
something along the lines like Kagato did to you if not worse or do you 
remember what happened in the lab?"said Tokimi

Ryoko looked at Tokimi in pure disgust and teleported back to the house and 
there she saw Tenchi and Ayeka sitting on the couch,from what Ryoko could 
tell, Ayeka had still been crying and though Ayeka and Ryoko fought allot 
they never wanted to see there rival in such a struggle unless they did it to 
them that is

Tenchi finally calmed down Ayeka and spotted Ryoko who looked at Tenchi and 
then walked out the door, not knowing what to do at the moment Tenchi 
followed Ryoko,she walked to the cave and went to a near by rock, she looked 
up at the sky sad, and Tenchi saw something he did not think he would see 
from Ryoko, especially considering she was the strongest one of them all

Ryoko started to cry very slowly and Tenchi could hear her wheeping for some 
reason, even though Ryoko was not turned towards Tenchi, he could plainly 
hear her crys, slowly Tenchi walked towards Ryoko, not wanting to make her 
feel uncomfortable about her crying in public Tenchi tried his best to calm 
her down

" Ryoko are you all right" said Tenchi who was obviously concerned for Ryoko

Ryoko smiled softly knowing that Tenchi would care for her, or was that one 
of Washu's little experiment, Ryoko turned to Tenchi and looked at him, with 
out caring Ryoko ran to Tenchi and hugged him and started crying more than 
ever

Tenchi more or less was shocked by this, Ryoko to Tenchi was have a type of 
nervous breakdown, obviously confused at what had happened Tenchi decided to 
ask Ryoko more sternly

"Ryoko I know something is wrong, just tell me ok"said Tenchi who broke free 
of there hug and they both sat down by the rock putting his arm on her 
shoulder

"Tenchi you know that Washu is my.....my mother right?'said Ryoko who had her 
head on his shoulder

"Yes I know that Ryoko why?, is something wrong between you too"said Tenchi 
running his hands threw her hair to calm her

"As a matter of fact Tenchi there is,tell me.....how would you feel if you 
were made for a reason instead of being made because your parents wanted 
you"replied Ryoko

"huh what do you mean by that Ryoko?"said Tenchi who was confused by what 
Ryoko just said

"Tenchi I was created so that I can kill Lady Tokimi nothing more, I thought 
that Washu created me because of her lost child that was take away, and thats 
partly true but its not the REAL reason, the REAL reason is that Washu and 
Tsunami fear Tokimi so Washu created me so that I could harness all the power 
in the gems because Washu could not, generally I am nothing but a tool that 
has to do something, then after the job I am usless"replied Ryoko

Tenchi looked at Ryoko very confused, but Tenchi understood how she felt, she 
felt like she was just a tool that can harness the full power of the 
gems,Tenchi felt helpless that Ryoko considered herself a tool for Washu

"Ryoko listen to me, it may be true that Washu did originally create you for 
you to try to kill Tokimi, BUT we know as well as you now that Washu LOVES 
YOU, I LOVE YOU, she may have created you for her own reasons, but that has 
changed, she CARES for you Ryoko,she would die for you, you must give her a 
chance Ryoko, everyone makes mistakes so let Washu, your mother not creator 
have another chance"said  Tenchi

smiling Ryoko nuzzled to Tenchi and then got up and teleported away,Tenchi 
stayed at the cave for a little while, he had to talk to Tokimi, knowing that 
she was a goddess Tenchi just called her name

"TOKIMI!"said Tenchi very loud trying to get the goddesses attention to here 
where ever she was

"What do you want little one"said Tokimi appearing before him

"Tokimi why did you say those things to Ryoko, I know it was you so don't act 
like I don't know"said Tenchi who was kind of angry

"I told her nothing but the truth Tenchi, she took it the way she felt 
nothing more"replied Tokimi

Tenchi got up and walked to the goddess who just looked at him sternly

"You fear her don't you Tokimi?"said Tenchi looking directly at the goddess

"Me fear the worthless peace of leftovers, I do not fear such a creature, 
what I am concerned about is that she may have the power of the Universal 
Divine Wings and nothing more"replied Tokimi

"Oh I get it now, she has the possibility to access the Universal Divine 
Wings and you fear that,since Washu did not access it she created Ryoko,but 
she loves Ryoko as her daughter not her creation"said Tenchi

"She is still a worthless creation gone wrong, there is nothing that little 
brat can do anything right,except maybe be a good lab rat nothing more"said 
Tokimi very calm like

blinded by rage, Tenchi grabbed Tokimi and slammed her against the 
rock,shocked by his actions Tokimi looked at Tenchi's eyes, he was mad 
because he did not like his friend being talked bad about for no reason or 
was it something more than that, Tokimi teleported away from Tenchi and 
reappeared in back of him, turning around Tenchi had a gold energy sword 
directly at his neck

" Boy if you ever lay a hand on me again I will kill you right where you 
stand"said Tokimi dispersing her energy sword

"I am sorry Lady Tokimi I did not mean to dare put a hand on you"said Tenchi 
looking into Tokimi's ice blue eye's that sent shivers down his spine

"Do you know Tenchi, that I could kill you right where you stand and they can 
do nothing to stop me, you have just struck me, and for that you will perish, 
you have no real idea how powerful I really am, and as for Messatsu, after I 
am done with him you and I will settle this"replied Tokimi

Tenchi looked at Tokimi who had her back faced to him, he was wrong to do 
what he did but he just got so mad he could not help it, Tokimi again 
vanished and Tenchi decided to go back to the house where he could relax and 
think

(Why did I get so mad like that before, there really was not a need for me to 
get so angry yet I did,i must control my actions more , I cannot get mad at 
her, she infact did save everyone here, I need to show respect to her)thought 
Tenchi

Meanwhile Lady Tokimi was relaxing by the lakeside thinking about the future 
battle with Messatsu who still lay in space ready soon to attack

(He loves her, yet he does not know it, strange this Tenchi, he actually hit 
me, a goddess, hmm well he will be the one who makes her unlock the Universal 
Divine Wing's, his death will bring forth the power of the wings, since she 
has seen what has happened in my future she wont let it happen, he may not 
die by Messatsu but he will die by me,unfourtnately for them I have my own 
plans after Messatsu is destroyed,ahh Messatsu the only one worth a true 
fight but you will fall.)thought Tokimi

" I am Lady Tokimi, the true goddess of everything I see here, heheh its 
funny, to imagine such a create as Messatsu has dared strike a threat to me, 
well no matter I have my own plans as well, and he is apart of it, he is very 
powerful and with his power merged with mine or I will just kill him,but not 
matter for I will once again be supreme"said Tokimi talking to herself

Tokimi got up and turned around to see a adult Washu looking directly at 
Tokimi, Washu had tears in her eyes and they were very visible to see, 
silence was heard, Washu walked up and slapped Tokimi

"You dare strike me you inferior creator!?" said Tokimi who looked at Washu

"Tokimi how could you tell Ryoko those things, huh how could you"said Washu 
trying to slap Tokimi again but she grabbed her hand

"I only told her the truth, you created her to destroy me, and now you are 
mad because your plans have changed, and since you love her as you claim, you 
don't want her to go threw with her original plan, why?"said Tokimi releasing 
Washu

"Because Tokimi I rather do it my self!"replied Washu bringing forth her 
energy sword

"Do you honestly wish to die Washu?,........very well then, looks like I will 
have to kill you"said Tokimi looking at Washu


                                                   Goddess Against Goddess
                                                        Washu Vs.Tokimi

They looked at each other, each one having there energy sword in hand, Washu 
now hated Tokimi, she had made her daughter feel like a waste product, and 
that was not the case, Washu loves Ryoko, and what Tokimi said only made 
things worse

"I will give you one last chance sister, if you do not stand down I will kill 
you" said Tokimi wavering her sword back in forth

In the blink of an eye, Washu ran towards Tokimi bring her energy sword up, 
Tokimi blocked it easily but was suprised when Washu punched her in the face, 
stunned not by the hit but by shock,Tokimi teleported away to the front of 
the Masaki house and Washu followed

Tenchi, Ayeka, Ryoko, Sasami, and Mihoshi were all on the front porch 
relaxing, waiting to see if anything was going to happen when both Tokimi and 
Washu appeared infront of them, striking each other

As there speed increased, so did there power, but if Tokimi really wanted he 
could kill Washu instantly but she did not care to kill her in such a way, it 
was amusing to see Washu struggle so much, hey eyes were so determined yet 
she could not even break threw Tokimi's defense, that one shot to Tokimi's 
jaw was the only hit that made contact, growing tired of this, Tokimi rushed 
a very shocked Washu and punched her in the stomach, the hit was so strong 
that Washu fell to the floor instantly

Tenchi and Sasami were so shocked that both of them were fighting while Ryoko 
and Ayeka just looked at the fight, and Mihoshi just did not have a clue of 
what was going on in the first place

Washu lay on the ground face up, she tried to get up when a thin gold sword 
was right before her neck, this made Washu stop

"Now sister I could kill you right now but I will not, such a silly little 
girl to actually think you can kill me, if I felt like it I could kill 
everyone here including your daughter and you could not do anything to stop 
me, but I must deal with Messatsu first then I will deal with you"said Tokimi 
walking away from Washu

" Your a sick fuck you bitch, your just using us just so you can merge with 
Messatsu!"yelled Washu

Everyone was stunned in silence as Tokimi turned around to face Washu once 
again

"hmmmm yes this is true but I do not need to, its seems you are worried about 
this or do you object that I do so?, I don't think you should considering 
that you created such a beast"said Tokimi

"YES I did create him, but he was meant for good purposes, no this mess that 
he is doing now"replied Washu

"IS that so Washu, why must you lie, directly infront of your own friends, 
the REAL reason why you created Messatsu was to kill me, but since he was 
uncontrollable you created Ryoko so she could finish the job, but she is just 
a worthless little lab rat that you also could not control" stated Tokimi

Washu looked at the floor, and it was visible to Tenchi that he could see 
Tears falling from her face, not sure what to do at the moment Tenchi waited 
to see what may happen, and it did not take long as Washu created and energy 
sword and charged Tokimi, who just duck the sword attack and punched the 
scientist and she fell to the floor

"Go ahead and do what you will Tokimi"said Washu on the floor who was in 
defeat

"Ahh dear Washu, you should not have bothered to strike me, well no matter,do 
not feel so glum for you will be the second person I kill after Messatsu is 
gone"replied Tokimi vanishing away

Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami and Mihoshi ran to the scientist who was on the 
floor in pain

" Tenchi we have a serious problem at hand" said Washu getting up

"Yeah I know....,but what can we do, she did save us after all, but she also 
has her own plans"replied Tenchi

"Come one lets go inside the house and relax a little"said Sasami

They all nodded there heads and went inside the house, seeing that his friend 
when inside, Tenchi went to go find Tokimi to speak to her, while a certain 
goddess was once again by the lakeside

(The just don't get it do they, I for one still cannot believe that boystruck 
me, then my own Sister if you will had the nerve to do the very same, do they 
know who they have hit, I am Tokimi, the goddess of all thing that they see 
before them, I am the creator of all, religion, love, honor, hate, war, 
Jurai, Earth, even Washu and Tsunami are both things I created one way or 
another, and yet they act as if I am equal to them when infact I am superior 
to them, they think I am megering with Messatsu just for power, which is 
partly true but the main reason is that he has some of my powers which I want 
back)thought Tokimi

"Tokimi....."came a voice from behind Tokimi

"What do you want Tenchi I do not wished to be disturbed"replied Tokimi

"I am sorry but I must speak with you now"said Tenchi

"Tokimi why do you wish to merge with Messatsu" replied Tenchi

"Tenchi I do not need more or less care to merge with Messatsu, but be warned 
after I decided what to do with him you will die by my hands" said Tokimi 
turning to him

Tenchi felt and urge to fight Tokimi right then and there on the spot but did 
not because right now Messatsu was at hand

"You know Tenchi you will be the deciding factor in all of this"said Tokimi 
looking at the prince

"What do you mean?"came Tenchi's only reply

"Just think about it, think what will happen after Messatsu is destroyed" 
replied Tokimi vanishing away

(hmm what is she trying to say?, I don't get it...., NO she wouldn't, I know 
what she means now, it wont be over after the fight with Messatsu, which 
means I will have to deal with Tokimi)thought Tenchi

Tenchi walked back to the house where he saw Sasami and Washu waiting for 
him, he walked towards them and Washu spoke

"Tenchi we have a serious problem, and it has nothing to do with Messatsu at 
all"said Washu who looked so serious that it scared Tenchi

"What do you mean Washu"replied Tenchi who had a good idea what the anwser 
was

"Tenchi this concerns with Tokimi"said Sasami who had her head down

"I had a feeling you would say that, why whats wrong now" replied Tenchi who 
did not want to hear anymore bad new about Tokimi

"Tenchi its time you know the truth of the three goddesses"said Sasami 
putting her hand on his head

"Don't worry Tenchi she is going to show you everything telepthic"said Washu 
before Tenchi could speak

Tenchi waited till abright light surrounded him and then he started to see 
what he was supposed to know

                                              
                                                The Will OF One Goddess

Thirtythousand years ago, there was a conflict between the great being that 
had created everything around us, those three being's were originally one 
being but were split into two other being's because of multiple type of 
personalities, the two being's that were spawned was one who loved all those 
around her and tried to bring up a society of nothing but peace.

While the other was one of pure genius, she was one who loved to create but 
not destroy, both these being came from the very first being, the one who had 
absolute power over all, the being who loved and nurtured all was know as 
Tsunami, the goddess of all thing around her, while the other being was less 
know, she been found on the floor on a planet with three gems in hand, while 
the goddess Tsunami was now rooted was a tree of the purest of energy, the 
reason of the two being changes in appearance was caused of a war, the war 
was the of Tsunami and Washu who fought side by side against Tokimi.

As the battle had been fought for a long and vast amount of time, the battle 
had been over, there was no real winner, as Tokimi had destroyed Tsunami's 
physical body and left her for dead, but the goddess used what little energy 
she had and rooted herself into a lifeless planet which is now call Jurai, 
while the other goddess body did live her mind was now corrupted with the 
pain of it all, thus sealing all her powers as a goddess and her memories 
into the three gem's that Ryoko uses, As for the goddess Tokimi, she lay 
dormant in a dimension, the great conflict of the immortal being put out so 
much energy that she was in another dimension, but she had escaped.

While the goddess Tsunami now created life on the plant Jurai Washu had come 
into the design in making Messatsu, Washu herself knew that Tokimi had 
escaped there battle and created Messatsu, the creation of Messatsu played a 
keyrole, as when Washu had used the power of the Non-Elemental-Zero beam, a 
power which came from that of the Universal Divine Wings, after using the 
beam, Washu unknowingly actually trapped both Messatsu and Tokimi but in to 
different dimensions,As the time went by Washu had created Ryoko, the reason 
of this was have a another child that she lost because of her social status.

Tsunami the goddess of nature had now made the universe prosper, some several 
years later Ryoko had been captured and used by Kagato who wound up being 
defeated by Tenchi,but during the fight of Kagato, Tenchi had been killed, 
but he was brought back to life by Tsunami who was now assimilated with 
Sasami, when Tenchi was brought back to life he was also given a slight gift, 
that gift was that he was now part of Tsunami, and Tsunami herself is part of 
that of Tokimi, which means Tenchi also has the power of the Universal Divine 
Wings, the very same wings that both Messatsu and Tokimi use.

The assimilation with Sasami had to deal with many reasons, one was the 
attack of Ryoko when she was controlled by Kagato, the young princess Sasami 
wondered off and found her way to the trees of jurai, while walking a 
explosion knocked the young princess several feet to the ground, almost 
killing her, the tree she feel next to was no other that Tsunami herself, As 
told before Tsunami's physical being was destroyed by Tokimi, the young 
princess was dyeing, this was an opportunity to save the princess and be able 
to move freely once again.

As if fate were to have brought them here the lost child had a child of his 
or her own, who they also had a child and that child was called Mihoshi, the 
reason's of of Mihoshi's slight forgetful ness, was caused by the pain of the 
gem's when Washu banished them out, she still suffered from it, and it was 
possible that it could surface in future generations, as future generations 
were born it was possible that they had a possibility of gaining some of 
Wash's goddess power's and her memory, it was something like a diease, as it 
proved very disturbing the beautiful young woman managed to be a galaxy 
police officer and was actually quite good at it when needed, She to has the 
ability to summon the Universal Divine Wings but it is very doubtful that she 
will every get them to surface.

Ryoko like Messatsu was created from mass, but it was actually much more than 
that,though the mass and Washu egg cell were the key ingredients of this, 
Washu had a fourth gem, this gem was used to combine the egg cell and the 
mass together, also giving the seed tremendous power even without the other 
remaining three gems, though the gems are Washu's they are technically 
Tokimi's as she is apart of her, If Tsunami and Washu were to be once again 
merged with Tokimi all existence would be denied.

Even Messatsu would be destroyed, Messatsu is a being which is made of 
literally everything, but he lacks one thing that Tokimi know and has, and 
that is Eternal life, Messatsu is made up of everything yes, but he will die 
as he cannot keep himself intact as it is take to much energy for him to stay 
complete,thus bring fourth his own self-destruction, if Tokimi and Messatsu 
were to merge nothing would actually happened as Messatsu is nothing but 
energy that can think for it self, but Tokimi is beyond that, she is the 
goddess who started everything.

Though Messatsu may be made from everything he cannot last as he is a being 
of energy and will eventually die out like a star, when the battle of the 
three goddess finally stopped it was a draw but now is has changed, with 
Messatsu going back intime he inadvertently brought back Tokimi, and Tokimi 
herself is stronger than both of the Messatsu's combined, when Messatsu is no 
longer a threat or is killed for that matter.

Both Tsunami and Washu will suffer a great deal as there will no be two 
Tokimi's to deal with, if those two Tokimi's were to merge nothing would 
exist as the powers of Tokimi could kill time itself,but that might not come 
to pass, but after Messatsu, what will happen?, that was the question that 
plagued there mind's


Tenchi fell back from Sasami hand and looked up at the princess who was also 
the goddess Tsunami, he understood now, there pain there suffering, the will 
of Tokimi was so dramatic, and now he understood why she must be stop, Tenchi 
realized that he to had the power of the Universal Divine Wings but they 
would somehow have to be unlocked

"Tenchi do you understand now, do you understand what is at stake"question 
Washu who brought her hand down to help Tenchio get back up

"Yes Washu I understand now, but I have someyhing to ask though, after 
Messatsu is destroyed, then what shall we do with Lady Tokimi, I mean I know 
we will have to fight her but will we have to kill her?"stated Tenchi who got 
up

"In all honestly Tenchi I don't think you could kill Tokimi, for she is the 
goddess who created everything, even Tsunami and myself"replied Washu

"Well in anycase we must destroy Messatsu but how do we do that?" said Tenchi 
who wanted to end this battle

"Tenchi as you just found out Messatsu is not immortal as he claims, which 
means he can be killed, but it is highly unlikely that he will die, but there 
may be another way, if you cannot kill him then it is Possible to do what 
Tokimi said and that is to merge with him"replied Washu

"Washu you mean it is possible to merge with Messatsu, but then what would 
happen to me?"said Tenchi who did not like the idea with merging with a 
murderer

"Tenchi you would be the same as you are not except you would have the 
power's of my future self, and have the abilities that Messatsu has, so 
another words you would have the powers of a full god"replied Washu

"hmm well I do not like that idea but we must do something very quickly 
before Messatsu gets healed or if Tokimi goes after him"replied Tenchi

"Tenchi I already have that planed, we will use Ryo-ohki and we will go to 
Messatsu and then you may either merge with Messatsu, kill Messatsu, or 
Messatsu will kill you"replied Washu

"come on Washu lets get the other's so we can go to Messatsu before time is 
against us"replied Tenchi

"Yes Tenchi I agree with you lets get them"said Washu fully agreeing with 
Tenchi

Tenchi went in the house and called for Mihoshi, Ryoko, Ryo-ohki , and Ayeka, 
all four of them saw Tenchi and followed him out the house, and now that they 
were all here they would be leaving shortly

"Everybody listen up, we are going to get Messatsu and I am going, does 
anybody wish to come"said Tenchi

In no more than three seconds all four of them agreed to go, though Ryo-ohki 
miyaed Tenchi knew that she too wanted to go, and now all of them would go to 
the moon to find Messatsu, the god of destruction as he was considered by 
Ayeka

Washu picked up Ryo-ohki and the little cabbit turned into the ever know 
battle ship,in a matter of seconds all of them were transported into Ryo-ohki 
and they were waiting for the command

"Uh Washu were exactly is Messatsu anyway?"stated Tenchi who had no clue of 
where there target was

"Messatsu is behind the moon, he has been there trying to regenerate his very 
being after the fight with Tokimi"replied Washu

"uh ok, but how do you know this exactly"said Tenchi

"you know you ask to many questions, the reason why I know is because him and 
I have a mind link, and there are more than one way to use it"replied Washu

"Washu are we going to kill Messatsu?"asked Ryoko who was curious about the 
incident at hand

"you shall see Ryoko, now Ryo-ohki to the moon"stated Washu

The carrot crazed battle ship complied and was on her way to the moon with 
her passengers, the ride was actually fast as it took only half an hour to 
get around the moon, then they saw it, the infernal being which destroyed so 
much, the being the destroyed all of Jurai and destroyed all of the galaxy 
police, and even the bounty hunters guild, and that being was Messatsu 

"There he is Tenchi, now is our chance"said Washu

"yes the chance is now but how do I reach him?"relied Tenchi 

"don't worry Tenchi I have that all under control"replied Washu

Washu decided to use her midnlink to talk with Messatsu even though she hated 
to do so she did not have much of a choice to do so as this was a measure to 
stop Tokimi and not Messatsu

(Messatsu...Messatsu I must speak with you now)spoke Washu threw the mind 
link

(Ah Dear Washu, whats is it that you want to speak to me with, I am quite 
busy and if you try anything I will kill you)replied Messatsu

(Look Messatsu we are NOT here to fight you, we are here for other reasons, 
please regress to you humanoid form and teleport yourself to the Ryo-
ohki)said Washu

(hmm well since you cannot kill me, I will but if anything I see that I do 
not like you will be dead)said Messatsu who vanished

Slowly everyone could see the enormous Messatsu transform into the human like 
form and disappeared only to reappear on the deck of the Ryo-ohki

"Ok Washu, I am given you ten minutes before I kill you to speak so hurry it 
up"replied Messatsu who was still regenerating form the battle with Tokimi

"Messatsu I am the one who wished to speak to you not Washu"said Tenchi who 
was looking at Messatsu

"Ah the young prince, what is it that you wish to speak to me about"said 
Messatsu who looked at Tenchi with his gold eyes

"first we must speak in private"said Tenchi who did not want the others to 
here this conversation that was about to take place

Messatsu looke at Tenchi confused, why did he not want his friend to here 
this, well it did not bother to Messatsu as he decided to make a temporary 
mind link with the prince

(Is this better for you now, nobody can hear us, because of this midnlink so 
speak what you wish to tell me)said Messastu threw the link

(Messatsu please listen to what I am about to say, as you know Tokimi has 
been around here, causing very amount of trouble, what I want is for you and 
me to merge to defeat her, but I can only do it with you help and you alone 
cannot do so)said Tenchi threw the link

(who are you to say what I can and cannot do I shall destroy her)replied 
Messatsu who was very angered

(Messatsu after the battle you were hurt and you are still hurt and are 
regenerating from the battle, Tokimi on the other hand is fine and could have 
come to attack you when ever she felt, she is just waiting for you to get 
strong so she can kill you)said Tenchi

(So what are you saying that she is letting me live,and what about 
you)replied Messatsu

(She is going to kill me after you die, she said it herself to me,but we can 
prevent that, look you already killed Washu in your time, you did what you 
always wanted now help us defeat Tokimi, you merged with you past self and 
still lost to her)said Tenchi getting Messatsu's full attention

(hmm killing Washu did make me feel better,but I guess you are right boy, so 
you really need my help don't you, but why should I help you weren't you here 
to kill me)replied Messatsu

(Messatsu of course we were going to kill you, you have killed so manylives 
but you can be forgiven and will be forgiven if you help us)said Tenchi

(bah I do not need your help boy now leave before I destroy you)demanded 
Messatsu

(Messatsu listen for goodness sake, you fight with Tokimi and you merged with 
you past self and lost, get it lost but you can help us beat her if you merge 
with me, you and I will be strong enough to stop her isn't that what you want 
to defeat her,please I am truly begging for your help)said Tenchi who was 
getting desperate

(hmm your are actually right for once, yes she is stronger than me, I really 
don't like to admit it but even though I am created from literally everything 
she is stronger than me,hmm so I will merge with you, and you will retain 
your body with all my power's)replied Messatsu

(Thank you Messatsu your help is something we really need against her)said 
Tenchi

(listen boy by me doing this I will die,but since I have accomplished my 
dream of killing Washu then it is fine, then use my power wisely or you may 
die)said MEssatsu breaking the mind link

As Messatsu walked to Tenchi so did Tenchi to Messatsu, as they met up 
Messatsu brought his hand to Tenchi chest, Tenchi did not like the fact that 
his hand was there but did not say anything, a few brief seconds had past and 
a bright aura filled the are between the two people,slowy Messatsu body start 
to wither away and there was nothing but pure energy that was floating now, 
the energy surrounded Tenchi and circled him and went directly in his body, 
the energy was beyond anything he had everyfelt, he was receiving the powers 
of Goddess Washu from the future that has been changed and was getting the 
powers of two Messatsu's, as the aura got brighter, everyone could no longer 
see Tenchi, as the energy finally went into Tenchi, the bright aura had 
finally dimmed down, and it was to a suprise to Washu, Ryoko, Sasami, Ayeka, 
and Mihoshi to see Tenchi, he was different looking for sure, he had the 
Light Hawk Armor on but it was different, there were no shades of blue, but 
shades of purple, black and red instead, Tenchi had his eyes closed the whole 
time and opened them to see his friend in pure shock, Tenchi's hair grew 
slightly longer as his ponytail not reached the middle of his back, he slowly 
walked towards them

"T.....Te...Tenchi"was all Ryoko could say as Tenchi looked completely 
different then when he was merged with Messatsu

"Yes Ryoko is me, don't worry I am the same as I was before"said Tenchi who 
was trying to keep her calm

"wh...what happened to Messatsu?"said Ayeka who was also bewildered at the 
events that had happened

"Messatsu is dead, he used his power's to merger with me, giving me the power 
that he had, so we can defect Tokimi"replied Tenchi

"You mean he is dead?,or you merged with him?"asked Ayeka who feared the 
anwser she would hear

"Both actually, he is very much dead, but I possess all the power he once 
had"said Tenchi who looked at Ayeka

"Well Tenchi now that you have Messatsu's powers what do we do now?"said 
Washu who looked at him sternly

"Hmm I don't know what to do right now exactly, Tokimi is on earth but I do 
not want to damage anything on earth so I am at a delema"said Tenchi

"Tenchi why do  you transport us and contact Tokimi to the Etheral 
Plain's"said Washu

"The Etheral Plain's are very dangerous Washu but you are right the Plain's 
are suited best for the battle"replied Tenchi

"um excuse me but not to barge in such an intelligent conversation but what 
are the Etheral Plain's"said Ryoko who was confused

"Ryoko the Ethreal Plain's is place where Time and space do not exist, it is 
a place that no one has ever gone to because they do not know of it, and the 
reason why I know is because of Messatsu"said Tenchi

"uh Tenchi the Etheral Plain's are 97,238,239,994,269,732,862,109,083 
lightyears away from earth, how will we get there"saidWashu

"do not worry Washu, we will get there in two seconds flats"replied Tenchi

As Tenchi concentrated a golden aura surrounded the whole Ryo-ohki and with 
in two seconds they were at the Etheral Plain's, a place that not even Washu 
has dared to enter until now, they landed on a plat form that was mostly 
grey, as the landed they could see stars above them shooting past them, 
seeing whole galaxies being created, stars begin born and star's dyeing, it 
was a place that was beautiful to say the least, as the marveled the place 
they all got out of the Ryo-ohki who now returned herself into the cabbit 
that she normally is

"um Tenchi now how do we reach Tokimi"said Ryoko who was ready for the up and 
coming fight

"Don't worry Ryoko I have that under control"replied Tenchi

(Lady Tokimi I am at the Etheral plains, Messatsu is now gone, if you want to 
kill me then come to the Etheral plain's there is where we will settle 
this"said Tenchi threw the mind link

As Tokimi heard this she smiled, and got up from the grass where she lay next 
to Funaho, this was now it she was going to kill him, Tokimi got up and 
vanished and poof there she was infront of Tenchi and everyone else waiting 
for them to say something

"Lady Tokimi we don't have to do this, but if we have to then so be it"said 
Tenchi walking towards her

"So little one, you think merging with Messatsu will save you, well it won't, 
but it will be intreasting"replied Tokimi

As Tenchi stopped walking towards her, he waited to see what she would do or 
say

"This is amusing, and you even brought your friend's to, well looks like I 
will have to kill them to"said Tokimi

"No you wont hurt them!"yelled Tenchi running to here bring out his Universal 
Divine Sword

"Ahh such a pathetic fool"replied Tokimi shooting an energy beam which 
trapped Tenchi with in it

Washu was very shocked, Tenchi was trapped in that energy and he had the 
Universal Divine Wings at his disposal yet he could not break Tokimi's power

"Now I think it is time to finish you five off"said Tokimi looking at them 
all

"Yeah well come and try it Tokimi you wont regret it"said Ryoko who had her 
energy sword in hand

"Ahh such heart for a useless tool, well come to me fool and die by my 
hand"said Tokimi bringing out her energy sword

                                                   We Need You Tenchi

There they stood against her, the one being that was greater than any other 
thing they faced, Ryoko looked determined to fight Tokimi, though she to was 
scared of the goddess that was before her, Ayeka first princess of jurai 
stood boldly up against the goddess as well, everything had still been taken 
away from her a second time, and now everything would be take for all of 
eternity but Tokimi, Mihoshi the you'd galaxy police officer knew what was at 
hand and she to was scared of the goddess that lay before her, Tsunami or 
rather Sasami did not want to fight her sister Tokimi, but she had no choice, 
if they were to lose the universe would be under the control of Tokimi once 
again, Washu herself was angered by this first Messatsu and now Tokimi, the 
pain felt by the scientist was so unbearable yet she was determined to fight 
it and defeat the goddess know as Tokimi

"Come little ones and be killed like good little girls"said Tokimi who was 
smiling at them very wickedly

"You think you can beat us all don't you Tokimi, but it wont happen, we wont 
let you"replied Ryoko getting ready to attack

"Is that so Ryoko, well looks like I will have to demonstrate on one of you 
then, ahh you will do then"said Tokimi releasing and energy beam

Supriseingly as it may the beam went past Ryoko and flew past Washu, and it 
never Touched Sasami or Ayeka it struck Mihoshi right in the chest sending 
her  a few feet back screaming in agony, Tenchi was enraged and tried with 
all his might to break free of the energy but could not and was forced to see 
one of his loved ones dyeing or already be dead

Running as Fast as she could Sasami ran to the near dead Mihoshi who was sill 
alive, even Tokimi was suprised that the detective was still alive but 
barely, frowning slightly Tokimi release another energy blast which again 
went and struck Mihoshi who was on the floor, and the last person Mihoshi 
looked at with her sad eyes was no other then Tenchi, it was purely 
horrifying to Sasami as her friend was just obliterated from existence

"Thats one down and four more to go"said Tokimi who looked at Tenchi who was 
in rage

Washu screamed her heart out and lunged at Tokimi, she turned around to be 
punched in the face by Washu, Tokimi was angered and grabbed Washu's other 
hand and brought her knee to Washu's stomach and hitting her in the back of 
the head with her elbow, the scientist was is extreme pain, Tokimi brought up 
her sword and raised it up, but not to kill Washu, but to block that attack 
of Ryoko who tried to slice the goddess, looking at Ryoko very sternly Tokimi 
formed her energy sword into and ball of energy and struck Ryoko in the 
midsection sending her several feet away and landing her next to Tenchi, 
smiling at the mother and daughter duo in the ground and in pain Tokimi 
turned to the princesses of Jurai, Ayeka and Sasami were side by side looking 
at Tokimi who walked towards them with another energy sword in hand, with 
blinding speed Tokimi was now behind the two, Ayeka turned around to see the 
goddess but was kicked in the face which sent her a few feet back, Sasami was 
in pure shock and could not move the minute she saw Tokimi, Ayeka got up and 
looked at Tokimi who was in the air, Ayeka summoned up her jurai powers to 
the very limit and release an energy beam which was screaming its way towards 
Tokimi, not even bothering to teleport Tokimi collided with the energy blast 
which did nothing to her, Ayeka herself knew that it would do very little for 
she was fighting a goddess after all, time seemed to slow down for Ayeka as 
Tokimi went straight past Ayeka in a blinding light, stunned that she went 
past her, Ayeka turned around only to feel an unbearable amount of pain as 
she was cut from her shoulder's to her leg's in one big massive slice, in 
pure shock blood started coming from Ayeka, She fell to the ground saying the 
only name that gave her hope and that was Tenchi, but for Tenchi he screamed 
threw the energy that trapped him and it still did little, not much as a 
crack was in the energy and he was trapped seeing two of his loved ones die

Sasami looked and saw Tokimi right by her face, still shocked to see her 
sister dead right before her eye's she could not even scream, squinting her 
eyes Tokimi grabbed the young princess by the neck lifting her up

"Now Tsunami it is time you and I become one once again and then after that 
Washu will be next"said Tokimi

Ryoko started to stir and got up to see Sasami in the air being held by the 
neck by Tokimi, teleporting as fast as she could Ryoko got to the seen and 
kicked Tokimi in the back, the sudden impact made Tokimi release Sasami, 
Ryoko turned to Tokimi who looked at Ryoko with her deadly blue eyes, Ryoko 
herself knew that this would be her last fight, Tokimi waited for the space 
pirate to advance and she did, with all the attack Ryoko tried they were all 
easily blocked and Ryoko herself was getting hit in the progress, getting 
ready to strike Tokimi, Ryoko brought up her  energy sword, Tokimi sighed and 
punched Ryoko in the stomach and backhanded her across the floor, feeling 
tired and weak Ryoko slowly got up, and felt a slight sensation on her neck, 
the sensation was a but which knocked out her gem on her neck, she also felt 
two more sensation's and that was each wrist being cut and the other two gems 
being set free from Ryoko, the three gem' stood there in mid-air, and were 
sent at amazing speed to Washu, not bother to get the gems, Tokimi sealed 
Ryoko fate killing her with one strike to the forehead

"Three people are dead Tenchi, when will you help the remaining two"said 
Tokimi

All you could here were the screams of Tenchi coming out of the energy that 
trapped him and even though he was so mad he still could not break free, 
slowly walking to Washu, Tokimi picked up the scientist and threw her to 
Sasami where both of them were no up and ready to fight Tokimi

"Ahh sisters it has come to this, come unite with me and all the suffering 
will end, you know if you fight me you will only die so come and be one with 
me"said Tokimi looking down at them

Not saying a word to Tokimi, Sasami and Washu looked at each other and spoke 
to each other threw there mindlink since they were goddess the could do that

(Sasami we re not powerful enough to beat Tokimi but I have an idea to beat 
her, but I need your help to do so)said Washu

(I know what you are talking about Washu, but if we do what you are planing 
we will die and it will be al up to Tenchi)replied Sasmai

(He is the only one who can save us, and we might as well help him one last 
time)said Washu ending there mindlink

Both Sasami and Washu got up, and closed there eyes, while Tokimi waited to 
see what they were doing for she had know idea what was about to happen, 
concentrating enough Washu once again created the three gem's, there should 
have been four but Ryoko was created from the fourth so that one was lost, 
Sasmai herself created three green gems which matched Washu's exactly except 
her's were emerald green, Tokimi was caught by suprise as the bodies of both 
Sasami and Washu were being sucked into the gems, the six gems stood in mid-
air and went at amazing speed not to Tokimi but to Tenchi, the six gems went 
threw the energy and went into the body of Tenchi, with a great explosion 
Tenchi broke free and he now had the Universal Divine Wings at his disposal, 
as all ten wings were out, the ten golden wings were rbighter than even and 
Tenchi walked to Tokimi and came face to face with the goddess that kill 
everyone that he loved, and now it was time for Tenchi to get revenge

"Tokimi you will die for what you have done"said Tenchi

"I see so they merged there power's with you,well come little one and face 
me"replied Tokimi


                                                    The Power Of One

                                                    Tenchi Vs. Tokimi

As Tenchi stood there looking at the goddess straight in the eye's, the power 
of the Universal Divine Wing's were spread ten fold, as all ten gold wings 
were out to its full extent, the shear power of the wings would destroy any 
other plain except the Etheral Plain's, the bright gold wings stood out 
making Tokimi think silently to herself wondering if letting him see the 
death's of his loved one's such a good idea, summoning the wing Tenchi put 
his hands threw nine of the ten Universal Divine Wings, the shear was 
enormous as the ultimate power of the wings created the armor, a full scale 
armor that was far greater than the Light Hawk Armor or the Dark Hawk Armor, 
grabbing the last wings, a glorious golden sword took shape,grabbing it, the 
sword grew even brighter actually blinding the goddess for a moment, slowly 
opening her eyes she saw him, Tenchi Masaki, the man who now had the power to 
defeat Tokimi, the man who had nothing left to lose, the man who would end 
Tokimi's rain

"Tokimi it is time for you to die, you sin's will not go unpunished"said 
Tenchi looking at the goddess who stood before him not even worried

"You think you can honestly defeat me don't you?, well the I guess I am going 
to have to show you what I am really capable of little one"replied Tokimi as 
a golden aura surrounded the goddess

Like Tenchi, Tokimi also stood there looking at him straight in the eye's, 
each one waiting for the final battle ahead, not wasting anytime, the golden 
Universal Divine wings appeared before the goddess, just like Tenchi she too 
put nine of her ten wings into creating the Universal Divine Wing's, it 
surrounded the goddess completely,looking at the last wing, Tokimi grabbed it 
also forming the exact same sword Tenchi had created, both there power's were 
unimaginable, they both looked at each other waiting for the battle to 
commence, and the winner would have control of the universe, but for Tenchi 
he did not want control he just wanted everyone he loved back, while Tokimi 
wanted control

Lighting spread threw the Etheral Plain's as the two warriors went in the 
battle stances, this would be it the final conflict, Tenchi raised his arm 
forward with his Universal Divine Sword in hand pointing to he goddess, while 
the goddess hand her hands down with her sword still being held

"Tokimi it is time for you to die"said Tenchi running at the goddess

"Come to me little one, it is time to see what your truly up against"replied 
Tokimi who also ran towards Tenchi

As the word warriors came to each other, both realized what each other was 
fighting for, Tenchi realized, the all the people he loved, were dead, he 
also realized he was fighting for freedom, while Tokimi realized that Tenchi 
may have the power to stop her, it would come to no suprise really as he has 
the power's of goddess Washu and goddess Tsunami and two Messatu's

As the came closer, the two devastating blades connected with each other, 
sending vast amounts of energy in the Etheral plains, the clash was something 
that would have destroyed a galaxy to say in the least, it was like the age 
old battle of good vs evil, right against wrong, backing away from each other 
strike, Tenchi was the first one to attack again, but it was proving slightly 
difficult as Tokimi, blocked and doged mostly ever single attack, jumping as 
high in the air as possible Tenchi brought the sword down, on Tokimi, or so 
Tenchi thought, it was nothing but a shadow, a mere illusion, Tenchi turned 
around to see the goddess running at him, blocking low for the up and coming 
attack, there sword once again clashed,Tenchi pushed the goddess away making 
her lose some balance, this was her opportunity to strike and he did so 
strike the goddesses leg, backing away by instinct, Tokimi looked Tenchi very 
scornfully, looking at the cut on her leg, it went threw the armor, frowning 
slightly Tokimi set her eyes on the warrior who dare strike

"You have strucken me twice, for that you shall die"yelled Tokimi

"shut up and fight me"came Tenchi's reply

The goddess ran towards Tenchi, getting ready to strike but the teleporting 
away, Tenchi instantly turned around to see the goddess strike him directly 
in the mid section,trying not to feel the pain, Tenchi could not bring his 
sword up, so he back handed the goddess directly in the face, sending her a 
few feet away from her target, Tenchi clutched his side looking at the 
goddess who did not care that she was actually hurt by the cut on her leg, 
but neither did Tenchi, jumping in the air, Tokimi stood there motionless 
summoning up her power for the ever famous Non-Elemental-Zero blast, finally 
she released it towards Tenchi, now have the speed to run away from it, he 
braced himself for impact, and what and impact it was, the shear explosion 
damaged the Universal Divine Wings dramatically, Tenchi lay on the floor with 
severe cut's to his face arm's and of course his midsection, slowly Tokimi 
came down to see her rival on the floor, that battle was her's, teleporting 
right next to the warrior who was in pain and could not get it she raised her 
sword up in defiance

"I told you, that you could not win but you did not listen so now you will 
have to die, just like Mihoshi, Ayeka, Sasami, Washu, and Ryoko"said Tokimi 
bringing her sword

In these bitter few second's of life left in Tenchi, he remembered them all, 
first was Mihsohi, the ever so loving one, she always had the COURAGE to do 
anything when needed, then he remembered Ayeka, the ever so sweet princess of 
Jurai, that reminded Tenchi of the pure WILL that she had, to get anything 
that she wanted, then came Sasami the next princess, so kind and so mature 
for her age, she remind him of nothing but DETERMINTATION to do anything when 
she set her mind to it, next he thought of Washu, the ever so cleaver genius 
who would do anything for another experiment on her favorite guinea pig, she 
was always one full of LOYALTY, if anyone was in trouble she would help those 
who were in need, next came Ryoko, the most energetic of them all, he 
remembered Ryoko for the one thing that she always told Tenchi, and that was 
LOVE, she cared for him and would die for him, remembering them for there 
best traits, Tenchi looked up to see the blade coming down, and with the 
blink of an eye, Tenchi realized that he had the goddess power's he 
teleported away, Tokimi turned around to see Tenchi who sliced her across the 
chest sending her back in pure shock

"Ahhh a most impressive display ok skill, I did not think you would use those 
ability's, I guess I under estimated you a bit"said Tokimi

"Tokimi lets finish this"replied Tenchi

"Yes boy let us end this little sharade"said Tokimi who looked at the prince

As the two warriors walked slowly to each other then stopped, it was obvious 
that this fight would be tougher than each one originally thought, even with 
Tenchi's newfound power's he still was at a true draw with the goddess, 
Tokimi on the other hand was not please to say the least, the prince who was 
weaker than her was not just was strong, it enraged the goddess, but she 
refused to show such emotion especially on the battle field, pointing her 
sword to Tenchi and him doing the very same the two came to each other yet 
again

As the two came to each other yet again, the clashed sword's,realizeing that 
this may be futile, Tokimi rammed her knee in Tenchi's midsection, right 
where his cut was, feeling the immense pain he grabbed his side by instinct 
bring the back of his neck in place,Toimi took the opportunity and jammed her 
elbow in the back of his head, laying on the floor, Tokimi brought her sword 
down only to see Tenchi roll away from it, getting back up as quickly as 
possible, Tenchi ran sliced Tokimi in the arm, even though it was meant for 
her face, screaming in pain Tokimi backhanded the prince sending him several 
feet away, looking at the cut Tokimi stood there waiting for the prince to 
get up and so he did, and they looked at each other with new found hate in 
each other's eye's, jumping in the air Tenchi brought his sword down on 
Tokimi sword, seeing an open spot Tokimi blasted Tenchi with an energy blast 
that sent him slightly back, leaving him stunned, Tokimi ran and brought 
sword up leaving her whole midsection widely open, Tenchi regain his senses 
quickly and impaled the goddess, her eyes open  wide and her face fell on 
Tenchi shoulder's

"Not....bad.but its not ever "said Tokimi jumping away form him

Tokimi landed a few feet away who was on one knee in pain, the strike that 
was given to her was indeed a very powerful shot, and it actually effected 
her, how could he go on, what was his secret that made him so determined, it 
was like he was possessed and he did not want to leave until he won this 
fight, getting back up on both feet Tokimi looked at the prince, he to was in 
immense pain, both of there armor was severely broken and battered, the power 
of the Universal Divine Wings was at an all time high as the Etheral Plains 
started to get courpted

Running as fast as he can to the now hurt goddess, Tenchi brought his sword 
right to Tokimi who managed to block barely,her speed was slowing down some, 
Tokimi looked at him, he just kept on going, plowing forward with no regard 
for his own being, he wanted this fight, but he was going to learn that 
messing with a goddess would be harder than he thought

Getting very mad at the ever so vigilant prince, she grabbed the prince's 
sword, shocked by this action, Tenchi punched her in the face leaving her in 
pain, her turned around slicing her across the chest then sliced her down the 
middle making her fall to the floor, Tenchi looked at the goddesses back, 
this was it, closing his eyes, he rammed the sword in her back, and upon 
hearing her scream, Tenchi knew he had got her, opening his eyes, Tenchi 
pulled out his sword, and kicked the body of Tokimi so that he may see her 
face, bring up his sword once again, he felt great pain as she was very much 
alive, as she brought her sword directly in his stomach, make him fall on the 
goddess

"I told you that I shall not be defeated boy"said Tokimi teleporting away 
from Tenchi

Tenchi felt so much pain, the Universal Divine Wings were the only thing that 
was saving him, getting up, blood came from his mouth and whiped it of, 
looking at her the goddess who truly the most difficult warrior he ever 
faced,Tenchi got up and saw a cut spot that was open free of the armor, which 
for Tokimi she saw the a spot on Tenchi's armor that was open as well, little 
did they both know, but both places were at each other's heart

breathing both heavily, they both brought there sword's in the same position, 
each one ready to commit the final blow, lighting clashed, as the Universal 
Divine Wings power was immense, and the Etheral Plains were giving in,both 
Tenchi and Tokimi screamed at each other, running with there blades ready, 
soon feet became inches,the they both brought there sword for the strike and 
stuck each other,neither one moved as there opponent was behind them not 
moving as well, both hand there sword in there finishing strike, neither 
moved,slowly then one did move, and that person was Tokimi who turned around, 
Tenchi finally moved and turned around, Tokimi went on one knee in pain and 
stayed there screaming, with tears visible to see, Tenchi walked to Tokimi 
who then feel on one knee as he too was struck but did not realize it till 
later Tenchi head rested on Tokimi's shoulder while Tokimi rested on his 
shoulder

"Tokimi you must be killed"said Tenchi barely

"hmm Is that so, well then let us see if you can"replied Tokimi

As the too where there it was a bit suprise to see two energy blades sticking 
out of each other back, both instantly fell to the floor, the Etheral plains 
fell silent as the Universal Divine Wings vanished off of one of them,while 
one still and the Wings out even though they look dead like the other one, 
but one of them was alive, getting up the person looked at the defeated 
warrior and spoke

"I told you I would never be defeated" said the winner of the fight and the 
voice belong to Tokimi

Tokimi looked at the fallen warrior, he was a great fighter and he proved 
himself in Tokimi's eyes, and that was considered a complement, looking over 
the body she placed on hand on the body and absorbed the power's of them, The 
power's of Goddess Washu, Goddess Tsunami and the power of two Messatsu' were 
both now merged with Tokimi and last but not least she looked at him, she 
would have merged with him but decided not to

(Such a good and talented prince, it is ashamed that this happened all 
because of Messatsu, well since I now have his power I know what I shall do 
for you.)thought Tokimi looking at the prince

Now being united once again, Tokimi summoned her complete power, and changed 
time, this battle, was something nobody should have to deal with, even Tokimi 
felt a slight remorse to see what the warrior had to go threw, but now that 
she had her complete power, time could be changed, the events changed as 
Messatsu was created but was destroyed in the Non-Elemental-Zero blast, this 
in one act changed everything, as Tokimi smiled as she saw the young prince 
starting to vanish before her, with inseconds it was back two years ago, and 
everything was back to normal

Tenchi woke up from his bed and went down stair's, to see Ayeka and Ryoko 
agreeing about who was getting Tenchi

"Say Tenchi can you tell the princess that we are in love so she can leave us 
alone"said Ryoko who clomped on Tenchi

"Oh what did you say you harlet, who are you to talk that Tenchi is in love 
with you"replied Ayeka

Tenchi just sighed and sat on the couch thinking, that dream he had felt so 
real

(What a dream, I swore it was s real, me fight something called Messatsu, 
then getting killed, only to brought back in time by this goddess called 
Tokimi who fought another Messatsu, then those two Messatsu's merged and it 
was just one colossal fight)thought Tenchi

                                              Meanwhile In The Etheral Plains

"Tenchi you are lucky, to you it was just a dream, but it really happened, 
but you deserve a second chance at life, and now that I am united again with 
Washu and Tsunami, I am complete,i am the god of all once again,hmm now Washu 
and Sasami can live there lives in peace for I have there power's and yet 
they still have there own as if it never happened"said Tokimi to herself

Time was now set anew, as Tenchi thought this was nothing but a dream, a 
dream that was so horrific that he never mentioned it, but is was real, but 
now times have changed, it was thought by Tsunami and Washu that Tokimi would 
merge with them just to destroy the universe but it as not in the case, 
everything has been restored, as the Galaxy Police had been restored and the 
planet Jurai was restored since it was never destroyed by Messatsu, and to 
make sure everything went fine, Tokimi erased Washu's memory of ever creating 
Messatsu, though the rest of the events took place as normal, with Tenchi 
resurrected Ryoko, and everything else was the same, he fought Kagato and 
defeated him, but Tenchi never knew that he still has the power's of the 
Universal Divine Wings, neither does Ryoko or Mihoshi realize this either, 
Tokimi teleported herself back to the dimension where her past self could not 
escape,seeign her past self, Tokimi merge with her past self, quickly with 
out D3 even knowing it ever happened,but Tokimi could now leave the dimension 
when ever she felt

"Tenchi so tell us who do you love"said Ryoko was still glomping on Tenchi

"Yes Tenchi please tell us"also said Ayeka who tried to get Ryoko of Tenchi

"ohh come one girls, you know I like you both equally.said Tenchi

Both girls looke at each other and a fight was about to start, yes everything 
was the same, Tenchi got up and looked at the window, looking up he saw her 
then vanished, it was Tokimi who looked at him the vanished, Tenchi shook his 
head and proceeded to do the everyday routine that was always done, indeed 
the battle was finally over, and now all was set anew like nothing ever 
happened, and to Tenchi and everybody else, it didn't but the person who knew 
it happened lay in a dimension who is ever so quite

"Be proud young prince, for we shall meet again and this time it will be on 
better terms"said Tokimi

It was over, the battle of Messatsu never happened, and the battle of Tokimi 
never happened, to Tenchi and everyone else but it did and one person knows 
this, and that is the goddess Tokimi who sit in her thrown waiting for the 
time when it is right for her to comeback

                                                             The End

Legal Disclamer:The character's of Tenchi Muyo belong to AIC and Pioneer, I 
don't not own these character but the story is mine as well as the character 
Messatsu as well is mine,Messatsu is mine and mine only do not steal put him 
any story with out my concent ok. 

Author's notes: the epic battle with Tenchi against Tokimi was my greatest 
par done, but I could not have done it with out the help of Garret Jax who is 
also know as jurain Knight and David Chapman who also is know as General 
Edmund Duke, these two people help me out and I owe it to them.
This is Divine Death Dragon signing out, comments are really appreciated, 
tell me what you think, ok...later E-mail me at 
Divine_Death_Dragon@1freeemail.com


                                                     Project Messatsu 2

