Hello, this is my first attempt at a fanfic of any
sort! I need criticism, whether good or bad. But
please, nothing TOO bad, okay? Tenchi Muyo and all
characters are copyrighted by Pioneer and all those
other companies.They worked hard to make the show, and
I credit them well! I don't own it. Thanks a lot, and
I hope you like this! ^_~

------------------------------------------------------

                  Rebirth: Prologue

                      As the members of the Masaki
household sat down for breakfast, the regular chatter
filled the house.  Sasami looked around in surprise.
    "Hey, Tenchi, where's Washuu?" she inquired.
    "Gee, I don't know, Sasami, but she's probably
down in her lab still. You can start breakfast, I'll
go get her real quick."
     "Hurry up, Tenchi, breakfast is getting cold."

       As Tenchi Masaki walked to the broom closet
which Washuu had turned into a subspace laboratory, he
thought to himself. <I wonder what she's doing
now....Probably another expiriment that will go
horribly wrong in some way...> He entered her lab,
which was completely empty.            "Washuu, are
you down here?", he called for her.
    A strange light drew him closer to the core of her
lab. A huge glass cylinder emitted the light.
Tenchi noticed a note was placed next to the cylinder.
It read:

           To whoever finds this,
                       I am lonely. Each day I think
about the life I have led, the things that have
happened to me, and what I hide from everyone I know,
including myself. The pain is too much to bear for me.
 I have discovered a way to be reborn. I am leaving it
up to you, my friends, to choose my life for me.
Whoever is reading this note right now must look at
the computer which this note was sitting next to. What
you must do is decide how old I will be when I am
reborn and how old I will be when I get my memories
back.  Although they are painful to me, my memories
contain all my knowledge and personality traits. I
will aquire new ones through growing up once again,
but these are vital to me, and as my friend, you shall
show me happiness. Thank you so much, my dear friends.

                  Love,
                     "Little" Washuu

Tenchi gulped. *He* had to be the one to choose
this??? He needed everyone's help. He ran upstairs
with the note.

------------------------------------------------------

"WHAT?!" exclaimed Aeka.
"How could she do this to us...?" asked Ryoko.
 "Forget about the reasoning. We need to come up with
her "stats" quick," Tenchi told them, "Okay, Ryoko,
you figure out how old she will be after she is
reborn. Kiyone, you choose the hardest one; How old
will she be when she gets her memory back. And we need
a carekeeper..."
  Sasami enthusiastically raises her hand. "I will,
Tenchi!"
 Tenchi nods. "Thank you, Sasami."

------------------------------------------------------

*One Hour Later*

 "Well, has everyone figured out their "stats"?" asked
Tenchi.
   Ryoko and Kiyone nod.
  "Ahem. As Washuu's "daughter," I choose that she
will be 5 years old when she is reborn."
 Kiyone speaks up. "She will regain her memory
at...age 9."
  Tenchi took a deep breath. It was time.

------------------------------------------------------

*In Washuu's lab*

Tenchi pushed in the last buttons needed to complete
the task. A blinding glow emitted from the cylinder,
and when his vision cleared, he saw a small red-haired
girl with large green eyes looking up at him.
   "Hi...", she said, shyly, "what's your name?"
    He looked the child over. She looked almost
identical to Washuu, except...younger.
   "My name's Tenchi. Are you Washuu?" he asked.
   She nodded, smiling. "Yep. But could you call me
Little Washuu?"
   Tenchi smiled to himself. <Maybe this won't be so
bad after all.>

End of Prologue.

                    Rebirth: Part 1

       Tenchi walked upstairs carrying the 5 year old
Washuu.
 "Is...is that...Washuu?" asked Ryoko.
   Tenchi nodded. "Yep, this is Little Washuu."
   Sasami came running up. "Hello there!"
    Washuu smiled a little. "Hi, what's your name?"
    Sasami beamed. "My name is Sasami. It's very nice
to meet you."
 Ryo-ohki came up behind Sasami and jumped on her
head. "Miya miya!"
   Washuu looked up at Ryo-ohki with great curiosity.
"Kitty!!!"
    Sasami handed Ryo-ohki to Washuu, who petted him
lovingly. Sasami giggled. It was sure different than
the Washuu they had before. The older one wasn't bad
at all, but her younger counterpart was so...innocent.
She had just discovered the world and was enjoying all
it had to offer, instead of trying to change it and
destroy it.
   Everyone examined young Washuu for a few minutes.
   Sasami was the first one to speak up.  "Well,
little Washuu, what do you want to do?"
  "I donno...," she looks around. She pointed at
Ryoko. "Who's that?"
  Tenchi sighed sadly, knowing that Washuu no longer
remembered her own daughter, her greatest masterpiece,
whom she created by combining the Masses with her own
egg cells.
Washuu smiled childishly. "She has funny hair! It's
blue!"
  Instead of getting mad, Ryoko simply smiled. "I
know, it's different, isn't it? I was born this way.
I'm not the one who chose it..." Ryoko's eyes welled
up with tears, "My mother chose me to be this way and
look this way..."
 "Who is your mother?"
  Ryoko took a deep breath. "Hey I know! Why don't we
play hide and seek?"
Washuu looked puzzled for a moment. Then she smiled.
"Okay!"
Everyone kind of smiled and sweatdropped.
Ryoko took Washuu's hand. "Let's go, kid."

------------------------------------------------------
 For the next couple years, Washuu grew up and learned
more. She became great friends with Ryoko, and Sasami
was like a mother to her. She knew everyone around her
and loved them all.

    It was the morning after her 8th birthday, and
Washuu sat on the couch by herself, reading.  Kiyone
had been teaching her over time, and he was reading a
Juraian book about a legendary boy from Earth who had
wondrous powers. Suddenly, the memories all started
flooding back to her. She looked up, eyes wide open,
as everything that had happened to her and who she
really was came back. Her time as one of the most
powerful goddesses in the universe, her time at the
Science Academy, the child and husband she once had,
her imprisonment...she gasped, attempting to take it
all in at once. She breated in ragged gasps, tears
running down her cheeks. Then, all at once, she took a
deep breath and sighed.
   She whispered to herself, "Well, it was nice while
it lasted...", then promptly fainted.

------------------------------------------------------

   Washuu opened her eyes and saw Tenchi looking down
on her.
 "Washuu, are you okay? What happened?", he asked.
  Washuu sat up and looked at him, then sighed. "I'm
back, Tenchi."
  Tenchi blinked in surprise. "You're...back?"
  Washuu nodded, then reverted to her old 12 year old
form. "Tenchi, thank you...for giving me pure
happiness, if only just for 4 years. I got to know you
all better, and I think you got to know me. The things
about my past I think about now were ultimately gone
when I was reborn. Thank you."
  Tenchi smiled. "Anytime."
 Washuu looked around. "Is my lab still there?"
 Tenchi glanced towards the broom closet and
sweatdropped. "It wasn't my fault, really..."
 Washuu narrowed her eyes. "What wasn't your fault???"
Tenchi looked at her nervously. "Go and see."
Washuu slapped her forehead. "This isn't going to be
good."
Washuu teleported down to her lab. She gasped as she
looked around. Everything was splattered with pink
paint and covered in ribbons. Some of her best
creations were being used as chairs, or rearranged to
look like toys. Things were broken, and someone had
drawn all over the walls. Washuu gathered all her
strength and screamed one word;
"MIHOSHIIIIIIII!!!!!!!"

        The End

Well, sorry it wasn't too long or anything...It's a
start for me. Thanks!