Standard Disclaimer: The characters appearing within are the property of AIC

and Pioneer, and are used without permission. Please don't sue. I am not
making any money on this, and it's done out of love for the show.

Thanks to Bryan Weber for not saying anything about me taking his disclaimer

and of course M.C.L. to all the Juggalos and Ninjas reading my stories. Oh
and M.C.L. to the Cobras, X-men and Counts and everybody with clown love.
>:~)


Darkness....all around him. Just black, unrelenting darkness. Epion was
locked in his room for almost 4 weeks without giving the slightest hint that

he was still alive. Not even Jynx would bother him. Washu was becoming very
worried about the well being of her love but too wouldn't dare enter his
room. Eventually Washu hooked up a small camera like devise up the dark room

to check on him without his knowing. The more she looked at the images the
devise recorded the more frightened she became. All she could see was him,
sitting in the dark holding his chain-whip.
It had been about 3 years since K was believed to have died at the hands of
Yosho's sword. Even though no one believed he died they still never really
saw or spoke to him. Rage and hate swelled up in the bottom of Epion's soul
as he thought more and more of Yosho and Tenchi. Washu watched as Epion sat
in the dark room, tears sliding down her face and then he stood. Washu sat
up
completely erect in her chair waiting to see what he'd do next. He looked up

right at the camera, walked towards it and said,

"Washu I know you've been watching me, tell Tenchi and Yosho that we're
coming."

Then Epion disappeared in a flash of fire. She hopped out of her chair and
ran to Tenchi's house. As usual he was making his way home from school and
Ryoko greeted him in front of his home. Washu ran up to Tenchi and tried to
catch her breath.

"Ten...Tenchi, please...please be careful. I..I think Epion's gone mad
and...well you know how he's been acting!"

"Yeah what about it?"

"He's mad Tenchi! I don't know why but he spoke to me today. He said to tell

you and your grandfather that "We we're coming." I don't know exactly what
that means but I don't think it's good."

"I'll go over to see grandfather and try to find out what to do ok?"

Washu, Tenchi and Ryoko all took off to the shrine to find a heated battle
between Yosho and Epion. Every swing of the chain-whip was met by the edge
of
Yosho's sword and vise versa. The battle roared on until a crown was created

with all of Tenchi's friends Tenchi started to move towards the fight to
help
his grandfather but Jynx held him back.
Tenchi quickly shot a glance of surprise and anger at Jynx but all he did
was
shake is head slowly  never not taking his cold, dark eyes off the battle.
Longer and longer the battle continued until an unlucky swing of the chain
caught Yosho in the side. Yosho grabbed his stomach and bent over in pain
allowing Epion to wrap the long chain around the old mans neck and quickly
yank the chain off. Tearing at Yosho's old skin blood started to pour at
large amounts until a thick puddle was created around Yosho's feet and
finally his head was torn clean off his body. The limp body fell to it's
knees and finally fell to the concrete ground. Tenchi grabbed his sword and
Ryoko drew hers.
The two charged at Epion with full force. Now it was Epion, Tenchi and
Ryoko.
Jynx looked at the ground and gave a very quiet laugh and walked up to the
battle to aid his old friend. As the three competitor fought a quick punch
caught Ryoko under the chin and knocked her out cold. Jynx looked down at
Ryoko, picked her up and carried her off to the side and sat down. Kiyone
went over to Jynx and sat beside him.

"I think one on one is fare huh?"

Kiyone gave a quiet, nervous giggle and continued to watch the battle. Jynx
once again stood up and kicked Epion in the face and spun around to deliver
a
kick to Tenchi's gut.

"Ok, I think that's enough for today."

Tenchi and Epion regained their footing after a few moments of dizzyness.

"Jynx, his grandfather killed K!"

"And you killed Yosho."

"Then they attacked me!"

"Ok, Ep you're my best friend and everything but I do have a line to draw as

far as fights go."

The crowd disbanded. Jynx went into the shrine with Tenchi and Ryoko after
they cleaned up the mess left from the battle.

"Jynx...what was that? Why did Epion kill grandfather?"

"He killed K."

"K cheated on Sasami and beat up Ayeka!"

Jynx laughed at the memory of K knocking Ayeka out with a solid kick.

"Oh my, you all have so much to learn.....K's not dead....he still lives
around here."

"What?? Are you sure?"

"Tenchi....we can't die. We're already dead."

"Well I guess that makes since."

"Yeah well you didn't have to hit me so hard."

"Sorry Ryoko but I had to do something. Well if you don't mind I really must

be going, Tenchi if you need any help if the..um..services let me know."

"Alright, thanks."

Jynx left the cold building leaving Tenchi with Ryoko. This usually would be

a mistake but even Ryoko knows when to behave herself. A few days of sorrow
were spent by everyone except Jynx and Epion. Jynx left for Jurai with
Sasami
a few days after Yosho was killed to report his death to the royal family.
When they returned they found that a lot has changed. K came out of hiding,
Epion and Tenchi were fighting more than Ryoko and Ayeka. A line, much like
the one Jynx spoke of earlier had been drawn. A line of loyalty, a line of
trust. As Sasami and Jynx stepped off of Tsunami a final battle was about to

begin. It seemed almost like a gang war. Epion and K standing in silence
preparing to fight, knives and chain drew. Since Sasami and Jynx left for
Jurai Epion and K have modified their weapons. A short blade not dangled
from
one end of Epion's chain and K's knives now resembled a blade more like a
shotel. About 12 feet away Tenchi, Ryoko, Mihoshi, Kiyone and Ayeka drew
their swords, guns and naginata waiting for the demons to attack. Sasami and

Jynx rushed to the scene to investigate the situation.

"What's going on?"

"It's a fight Jynx...us and them."

Jynx didn't know what to think of all this. Washu was standing a safe
distance from the fight scene and refused to take any side. The others
weren't going to be any help so Sasami went to Washu for answers.

"Washu, why are they fighting?"

"I...I don't know...K came back and it all fell apart."

The atmosphere was heavy and thick with both hate and confusion. Epion was
trying to convince Jynx to fight on their side and Kiyone was doing the
same.
Jynx lowered his head and bent his knees a little almost in a crouch
position, he ran as fast as he could, grabbed Kiyone and held her away from
the fight.

"I'm not going to let you die Kiyone."

Kiyone struggled to join her friends in the fight but Jynx held fast. He
didn't know what to do so he just asked Washu to knock her out so she
wouldn't be hurt. Washu walked over to Kiyone, drew a needle and injected a
yellow serum into Kiyone's arm putting her to sleep almost right away.

"Sasami, please stay with Kiyone and Washu."

"O..ok what are going to do?"

"Fight of course."

Jynx joined K and Epion and drew two steel swords.

"Sorry but we've just been friends so long that I can't just turn on â€˜em."

Jynx rushed at Ryoko and with a quick swipe she fell to the ground, blood
flowing from her arm.

"Heh...don't cry Tenchi. She's not dead just out."

Epion swung his chan-blade with all his might at Mihoshi but missed. She
ducked and shot him in the neck. K charged at her while she was getting up
and kicked her in the back her to her knees. K wasted no time and followed
his attack up with a spin kick to the back of the head. Tenchi and Ayeka
were
left standing toe to toe with K and Jynx. Jynx gave a grim smile and walked
away. Tenchi ran up behind him and stabbed in through the back with his
blade. Jynx shrugged off the wound and continued to walk away. Epion and
Mihoshi got back up and Mihoshi was sent right back down as Epion connected
an Earth shattering punch to Mihoshi's jaw. Epion leaped towards Ayeka and
bit her neck. Blood flowed from the wound as well and Epion's mouth. Ayeka
let out a sharp scream of pain and started to hold her neck. Epion simply
stood above her, laughed and kicked her in the stomach. Epion turned to
Tenchi and the two started to battle a swift kick from Tenchi sent Epion
falling on his back. A small trickle of blood started to seep from Epion's
mouth. He stood up and grabbed one of K's knives.

"I'm sick of this! It ends now!"

Epion spread his wings and flew towards Tenchi and tackled him. He pulled
the
sharp and gleaming blade back, far above his head and prepared to deliver a
killing blow. Tenchi closed his eyes tightly ready for the cold hand of
death. It never came. A soft clang was to be heard as well as a gasp. Tenchi

opened his eyes to see a sword sticking out of Epion's stomach. Epion turned

back to see who had stabbed him. Washu released her sword as Epion turned to

face her. She saw sorrow in his face he saw tears in her eyes.

"I...I'm sorry."

She said looking down towards the ground. The sword disappeared from Epion's

body. Epion withdrew his wings and pulled Washu close to him. Washu started
crying heavily into Epion's chest. Blood began to flow from Epion's wound
like river on despair. Washu and Epion walked back to their house. Jynx used

his magic to tend to everyone's wounds. As they arrived at the house they
went to Washu's lab, sat down and talked.

"Epion, why did you have to start a fight?"

"Yosho killed K, Tenchi attacked me."

"So? You killed Yosho and almost killed Tenchi!"

"......."

Epion gave no response. But instead rolled up his left sleeve to expose a
deep scar that formed an intricate design. Washu gasped the sight of the
mark.

"Washu, do you know what this means?"

"Um..no."

"This scar is a symbol I got when I was alive. It's the mark of Rym. It is
given to men in a small resistance group against the Jurai royal family.
Tenchi, Yosho, Ayeka and Sasami are all royal family and there for I must
kill them."

"What about Jynx? You know as well as I do that he too was part of Jurai's
royal family!"

"What? No he wasn't."

"How long have you known Jynx?"

"Since he we were 10."

"Well then you might not know until he was 6 his name was Jeremy Jurai. He
was exiled by his parents for some reason."

"He's already dead so it doesn't matter."

"Epion.....why, how could anyone be so....evil? I mean are you going to kill

Sasami too? She has never done anything to you. Besides she still is a
child."

"She's a grown women."

Epion arose from his chair and walked outside. Washu slowly walked out of
the
house to join him but as she did he spread his wings and took off to Jurai,
never to be seen again.

-Ok, ok, ok I know that sucked. Oh well who really cares? Writing should be
fun right? Doesn't really matter if all my stories are good. Kinda like,
ever
read that book "The Langoliers" it sucked ass! "It" was the bomb. So my
point
is not every writer does really good all the time. If that story depressed
you take two "Hardy-Har-Har's" with a tall glass of "shut the hell up" and
DON'T call me in the morning. Thank you.
