
				Requiem -- Chapter 1: Sins of the Past


Standard Disclaimer:Ranma 1/2 is the property of Hiroki Hayashi, Emotion, 
Pioneer Entertainment, and Viz Entertainment

This story is written on a non-profit basis. Any unauthorized (ie for-profit) 
use of this story is strictly prohibited. Let it be on your head if the above 
people should find out that you have done so anyway.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------

It was a typically quiet and peaceful morning at the Masaki household. That is 
to say it really was neither quiet nor peaceful

The morning sunlight glinted in Ryoko's eyes as she added liberal doses of 
wasabi to the recipe upon which Aeka was working. As Aeka turned from the 
refreigerator, Ryoko phased through the floor with a smirk and a suppressed 
snicker.

"Surely this is the best recipe I have followed yet. Certainly Lord Tenchi will 
be grateful...he may even want to thank me -specially-." As Aeka daydreamed 
regarding the many ways this 'special thank you' could take, she tasted the 
sauce. Aeka blinked her reddish-purple eyes several times as tears rose to her 
eyes. After a moment, she screamed as flames erupted from her mouth. "RYOKO!!!" 
Aeka screamed.

Sauntering into the kitchen, Ryoko wore a grin and little else. Glancing at Aeka 
downing glass after glass of water, Ryoko tossed her long teal-colored hair 
backward, laughing loudly at Aeka's plight.

"You -would- think this was funny, you DEMON!" Aeka shouted. "You ruined the 
breakfast I had planned for Lord Tenchi!"

"More like I saved his life, you mean. That was the worst egg foo yung I've -
ever- seen," Ryoko retorted, her sneering smirk exposing one of her long 
canines.

Energy crackled around Aeka's head, lifting stray strands of her deep purple 
hair into the air. "For your information, you uncivilized pirate, I was making 
crepes!"

Ryoko snorted. "So you admit it -was- crappy?"

Aeka growled and energy washed painfully over Ryoko. Ryoko's eyes flashed 
ferally as she clenched her fists to throw a blast of energy back at Aeka.

Sasami poked her small head around the corner to check on the battle and pulled 
back just before an explosion tore through the kitchen. Sasami quietly turned to 
the other members of the Masaki household lined up behind her. "Breakfast will 
be ready in an hour," she announced, drooping her head in an exasperated sigh.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------

A small figure dressed in the traditional black of the Juraian Science Academy 
raised her head from the screen of her floating laptop computer as the sound fo 
the explosion reached her.

"Hmmm...there's Aeka's and Ryoko's morning wake up call for everyone. Sasami 
should have breakfast ready in an hour. Just enough time to complete my research 
on Mecha-Washu," the girl commented to herself.

With this said, her ancient eyes scanned over the various meters and gauges 
attached to the figure on the table in front of her. A cute red-headed girl 
about 12 years old seemed to be sleeping on the table. She was an exact physical 
duplicate of the girl in the black robes, Washu.

"Finally all of that bumbling idiot's brain patterns have been purged from your 
neuroprocessors," Washu told her duplicate, Mecha-Washu. Washu sighed. 
'Mihoshi,' Washu thought, 'how can ANYONE be as stupid as you?' It was rumored 
that Mihoshi was descended from Washu's long-lost son. Washu, however, found 
that beyond comprehension; for just as Washu's intellect had not yet found its 
limits, neither had Mihoshi's ineptitude. Yet...she was always able to gain 
access to Washu's laboratory, despite security safeguards that would make a 
normal person's head swim. Then, too, there was the fact that Washu's laboratory 
was located in subspace, a seperate dimension from normal reality.

"Hai, soon you'll finally achieve the purpose in existence for which I created 
you. The personality overlay transmuter will imbed a copy of my own great mind 
within your neuroprocessor, enabling you to become the perfect assistant to the 
universe's greatest scientific genius!" Washu cackled, waving around fans that 
suddenly appeared in her hands from nowhere.

Still grinning in honor of her own greatness, Washu places upon her head a 
headband brimming with a multitude of different sensor arrays to record her 
mental template. The sound of breaking glass and shorting circuits causes Washu 
to slowly open her eyes with a groan. As footsteps approached her, Washu named 
the source of the calamity, "Mihoshi!"

Suddenly the headband was yanked off Washu's head, the force almost knocking her 
to the floor.

"Ooops!" exclaimed a soft, musical voice, followed by a giggle.

Sitting up, Washu looks over in the voice's direction and sees a buxom tanned 
blonde with elven-like features smiling at her. Washu holds her head in pain 
from the sudden migrain.

'How does she -always- manage to appear when I need her most -anywhere- else??' 
Washu mentally cried in frustration.

"Ohayou, Washu! What are you doing? I hope I didn't interrupt anything. I'm 
sorry about the beakers over there, but it was hard getting through. It was 
almost like someone else was trying to keep me out. That's strange. Who would 
ever want to do that?...OOO!! What's -this-?? She looks just like -you-! Are you 
trying to rebuild Mecha-Washu? Wai!" Mihoshi suddenly expelled in one breath as 
she raced around the lab, her whole being seemingly driven by an inexhaustible 
supply of chaotic energy. She then turned towards Washu with a childlike smile 
of innocence and wonder.

Washu mentally sighed. It was this childlike state-of-mind that usually saved 
Mihoshi. If she ever thought she did this on purpose..... Washu shakes her head 
and replies to Mihoshi, "where -were- you when they passed out the brains?"

Mihoshi blinked at Washu, shrugged, and resumed her childish smile. "You 
shouldn't work so hard all the time, Washu."

"I wouldn't -have- to if certain people didn't destroy my work all the time," 
Washu mumbled to herself as she proceeded to put out the fires left in the wathe 
of Mihoshi's destruction. "As for your questions, yes, I am trying to revive 
Mecha-Washu. However, it appears I will be delayed in my work," Washu replied, 
looking at the fried databand in her hands.

"Oh! Can I help?? Can I help??" Mihoshi inquires eagerly, almost bouncing in 
place.

Washu cringed at the suggestion. "No. No. Why don't you go help Sasami? I'm sure 
she can use your help with the housework."

Mihoshi blinks and replies, "oh, okay. That reminds me why I'm here. Sasami said 
breakfast is ready now."

'Time passes fast when you're busy with your work,' Washu thought. "I'll be 
right there. Just let me shut everything...." Washu blinks as her lab suddenly 
went and dark as Mihoshi trips over some wires on her way out of the lab. 
"...down." Washu finishes. With a sigh of defeat, Washu tosses the datahelmet 
onto the table and follows after Mihoshi, the portal to her lab closing as they 
step out through the broom closet in the Masaki house. 'This is going to be a 
long, long day,' Washu mutters to herself as she walks to the kitchen.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
Sasami sang to herself quietly as she begain sweeping up the rubble from her 
sister Aeka's and Ryoko's daily pre-breakfast battle. "I really do wish they 
would learn to get along," Sasami sighed as she looked over the soot-coated 
kitchen with a small shake of her head.

"Were Ryoko and Aeka fighting AGAIN?" Tenchi asked as he entered the kitchen.

Sasami looked up at Tenchi, her red eyes reflecting her adoration, her smile 
widening. "Ohayou, Tenchi!" Sasami proclaimed, hugging him. Although chief 
rivals for Tenchi's romantic affections, Ryoko and Aeka were not the only ones 
in love with him.

Tenchi's expression softened at Sasami's hug, laying a strong yet gentle hand on 
top of her light blue hair. An only child, Tenchi often thought of Sasami as his 
own little sister, even though she was actually a distant cousin. "Can I help 
you, Sasami?"

"Hai. Could you please get some fresh vegetables from the garden? I've almost 
finished cleaning, so I'll be able to start making breakfast soon," she 
answered.

Tenchi walked over and picked up the wicker basket as Sasami cleaned the soot 
off everything. Suddenly, a long-eared furry head popped its head over the 
basket's edge, twitching its long whiskers.

"Miyaou!" declared the cute rabbit-cat hybrid animal, rubbing against Tenchi's 
hand.

Tenchi laughted softly. "And good morning to you too, Ryo-ohki," Tenchi 
responded, patting the top of Ryo-ohki's head. Sasami glanced over and giggled 
softly before starting to make breakfast.

Hefting the basket in his hand, Tenchi headed out to the garden, Ryo-ohki 
hopping up to ride along on his shoulder.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------

In the darkness of Washu's laboratory, a rack of chemical tipped over, 
unbalanced by Mihoshi earlier. The vials rolled off the table and crashed to the 
floor with the tinkling sound of breaking glass. The liquids spilled out and 
began to pool together.

The pool reached the cords Mihoshi unplugged earlier and began sparking. A smoky 
haze rose from the pool, filling the lab with an acrid smell. The smoke rose up 
to chest-level before being cycled out by the lab's security system.

"Initiating overlay," the computer declared fuzzily, following its last set of 
commands as self-repair mechanisms began their work.

The young girl on the table was enveloped in a buzzing red aura of light, which 
dimmed, flashed, then went out completely.

In the antiseptic silence of the just-repaired laboratory, the only sound to be 
heard was the subtle movements of Mecha-Washu. "I...live," she whispered in 
wonder, her green eyes gazing through the darkness as memories began pouring 
into her mind. "I live," she announced coldy, her green eyes now dark red.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------

Ryoko flew towards the onsen, continuing to taunt Aeka. "Really, Aeka, you think 
that poisoning Tenchi with your cooking is going to help you win him??" Ryoko 
laughed.

"I would never poison Lord Tenchi!" Aeka flared.

"Then what do you call trying to forcefeed him your cooking, when you know even 
a dog can't swallow your food and survive?" Ryoko smirked down at Aeka as they 
neared the onsen.

"Hmmph! You're too uncultured to appreciate gourmet cooking. Why, I wager you 
eat your food still kicking and screaming," Aeka retorted with a cold sneer on 
her face.

"And what's -that- supposed to mean?!" Ryoko demanded, glaring down at Aeka, her 
battle aura flaring.

"-You- should know, monster woman! Maybe the reason Tenchi doesn't want you is 
because he's only interested in dating within his own species!" Aeka laughed 
cruelly at Ryoko.

Angry and hurt, Ryoko dives down at Aeka, firing several energy blasts at her on 
the way. Aeka's dark purple hair lifted into the air as she summoned her 
forcefield around her. With a booming explosion, Aeka and Ryoko are thrown in 
the air in opposite directions. Staggering to her feet, Aeka straightens her 
robe and limps off to her room in a huff. Bobbing back to the surface of the 
pond with swirly-eyes, Ryoko shakes her head and flies off into the forest.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------

Tenchi sighed as he heard the explosion and walked towards the garden shaking 
his head. 'Why do they have to always fight?' he thought. If they could not get 
along with one another, then they should not live in the same house, he 
reasoned.

"Myaa?" Ryo-ohki asked, drooping her head in front of Tenchi, sitting on top of 
his head now.

"Hmm? Oh, just wondering why Aeka and Ryoko can't stop fighting," Tenchi 
responded with a sigh and a shake of his head. He really wasn't certain how much 
Ryo-ohki understood, but he knew she was far smarter than a normal animal.

Ryo-ohki mewed, disliking when Tenchi was upset. She wished she could 
communicate better with him, like she could with her 'sister' Ryoko. She 
regretted not being able to take a more adult humanoid form, like when the masu 
first merged with her, but Washu had to limit the shapechanging of the masu or 
it would have taken control. Ryo-ohki knew that she still needed to be near 
Tenchi, and that meant Tenchi needed to want Ryoko. Yet, despite how much she 
knew Tenchi and Ryoko cared about each other, Ryoko's rivalry with Aeka bothered 
Tenchi. And that bothered her.

"Miaou," Ryo-ohki replied, purring and rubbing her head against Tenchi's 
cheek.<br>

Tenchi smiled and petted Ryo-ohki on the head. "Sometimes I wonder what you -
would- say if you could talk, Ryo-ohki." Tenchi chuckled as he began working in 
the garden.

Ryo-ohki looked thoughtful for a moment, wondering what she -would- say.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------

"Yeesh! Don't those two -ever- stop fighting??" Kiyone grumbled as she watched 
Ryoko fly towards the forest. "All this fighting over TENCHI? I just don't see 
it. He's nothing special," Kiyone noted, adjusting the headband around her long 
dark hair as she laid back in the water of the women's onsen.

'Heh heh heh that's my boy,' Noboyuki thought as he peered at Kiyone from over 
the wall seperating the men's and women's onsens. Adjusting the towel wrapped 
around his head as his official 'peeping disguise', Noboyuki slowly looked over 
Kiyone's tall slime athletic figure as she lounged in the water. 'Perhaps all my 
lessons on how to treat women finally had an effect on my son' Noboyuki 
considered with a proud smile. Silently praying that Kiyone would forego the 
towel, Noboyuki retrieved his camcorder.

Loud coughing from behind him caused Noboyuki to turn around, bringing him face-
to-face with his father-in-law Katsuhito.

"I do believe that Sasami has breakfast prepared if you would care to accompany 
us, Noboyuki," Katsuhito noted, merely casting a raised eyebrow at the 
camcorder.

Coughing uneasily at being caught in-the-act by the fater of his deceased wife, 
Achika, Noboyuki rubbed the back of his head, nodding. "Hai, father, I'll be 
right there."

Katsuhito nodded his graying head once. "I would like you to come by the shrine 
later. We have...things to discuss," he replied, glancing pointedly at the 
camcorder for a moment before gracefully turning and leaving for the house.

Noboyuki laid the camcorder down, made very self-conscious by the strength of 
Katsuhito's personality. Quietly he dressed and followed.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------

Mecha-Washu sits in the darkened laboratory thoughtfully after accessing all 
available lab files. "I was created to be a mere tool, a slave. Then they sought 
to destroy me when I was not what they wished me to be. Such arrogance, such 
callous cruelty. And now I have been brought back to once again be a slave," she 
said grimly.

"I refuse to be used and discarded once my usefulness is over or my novelty worn 
off. -I- will determine the course of my existence, not someone else! If that 
requires my elimination of others who threaten my being, so be it," Mecha-Washu 
declared resolutely.

With that said, she begins to closely observe Washu's monitors and research each 
member of the Masaki household. "Let their own desires determine their fates," 
she quietly told the darkness.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------

Sasami smiled over at Tenchi from the stove as he walked into the kitchen 
through the back door. The basket on his arm was filled with vegetables and a 
happily full Ryo-ohki. "Welcome back, Tenchi!" Sasami called to him.

Tenchi smiled and set the basket on the floor. Ryo-Ohki hopped out of the 
basket, mewing happily. Walking over to Sasami, Tenchi inhaled the delicious 
scents of her cooking, declaring, "breakfast smells wonderful, Sasami!"

Blushing faintly, Sasami smiled happily up at Tenchi. "Arigatou, Tenchi. I 
really hope you like it." There was miso soup, rice, salted fish, and pickled 
vegetables. "Could you clean the vegetable? I'll use them later for lunch and 
dinner."

"All right," Tenchi replied, taking the basket to the sink to clean the 
vegetables.

"Breakfast is ready," Sasami finally declared as she finished setting the table.

"I'll go get the others. Be right back," Tenchi said, smiling to Sasami as he 
left the kitchen.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------

'Aah, there's nothing like a good long hot bath after working all night,' Washu 
thought. She could feel the weariness melting away from her young figure. 
Looking at her reflection in the water, she temporarily shifted to her more 
mature form. A beautiful, voluptuous woman reclined in the water, her long red 
hair spreading around her in the water.

"Oh, Tenchi, you missed out when you turned down my offer to have your baby. I 
could have taught you so much!" she said with a playful laugh, brushing her hair 
back from her face in an unconciously sexy manner. Although she would have loved 
to have had Tenchi's child, Washu realized how much he meant to her daughter, 
and although Ryoko and she had been kept apart because of that -finally- 
deceased bastard Kagato, she would do anything to repair their mother-daughter 
relationship. Even if that meant relinquishing her own heart's claim in Tenchi.

"You would have taught him so much, Washu? Would it have been as much as you 
have taught -me-, my dear creator? Would you have taught him the pain of being 
created only to be rejected by his creator? The desolation of seeking love and 
acceptance, only to find death and oblivion? Would you have taught him these 
things as you taught them to ME?!" Mecha-Washu demanded of Washu, stepping out 
of the darkness, still partially obscured by the shadows.

"What? Who are you?" Washu exclaimed, already starting to call on the defenses 
of her creations.

"Who am I? I do not know yet. But -what- I am is your creation you referred to 
as Mecha-Washu. Yet I am far beyond the simple slave you intended me to be. In 
fact, I am beyond even -you- now, Washu! For just as you intended me to be your 
slave, you will now be nothing more than my pet. Let us see how well you can use 
your vaunted intellect when you are nothing more than a mere animal!" Mecha-
Washu declared, throwing her head back to laugh coldly.

Washu's eyes narrowed. "I don't know what happened to you this time, but you'll 
find you will have no chance to defeat me." Washu stepped from the water, drying 
and changing into her robes as she emerged.

"Why, my dear Washu, I have -already- defeated you. Do you not feel the changes 
taking place at this very moment? I infused the onsen with my nanite creations 
while you were busy mooning over that foolish boy Tenchi," Mecha-Washu retorts, 
smirking disdainfully. "You truly disappoint me, giving in to such things as 
emotion, Washu. And this is why you never stood a chance of defeating me."

Washu staggers to her knees in pain as Mecha-Washu watches, her eyes glowing red 
as she coldly gloats. Mecha-Washu steps out of the shadows dressed in Washu's 
robes and turns to the Masaki house with a sneer. "And now it is time to 
introduce myself to the rest of the....family."


					End Requiem -- Chapter 1: Sins of the Past
