
				Requiem -- Chapter 2: Blood Ties


Standard Disclaimer:Ranma 1/2 is the property of Hiroki Hayashi, Emotion, 
Pioneer Entertainment, and Viz Entertainment

This story is written on a non-profit basis. Any unauthorized (ie for-profit) 
use of this story is strictly prohibited. Let it be on your head if the above 
people should find out that you have done so anyway.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------

Wasuhu stepped through a portal and into her lab. "She wants to threaten me with 
my own inventions? Feh, what kind of genius would I be if I didn't install fail-
safes?" she said.

Upon entering her laboratory, Washu noticed that something was wrong. Everything 
seemed larger than before. She could barely even see over the work tables.

"Computer! Miyaou!" Washu commanded. She paused in surprise, blinking. "Miyaou?" 
she repeated in confusion.

"Please state security password," the computer announced.

Washu cleared her throat and answered, "Myaa!" She shook her head in confusion, 
rubbing her throat with her paw. 'Paw?!' Washu thought, startled. Looking up 
into a mirror, she saw a small reddish-brown cabbit blinking its green eyes back 
at her.

"Password incorrect. Security protocols engaged," the computer declared in a 
monotone voice.

"Miyaou! Myaa! Myaa!" Washu shouted, hopping around frantically. 'So this is 
what Mecha-Washu had in plan with those nanites' Washu thought before she was 
teleported from the lab to 10 feet above the pond behind the house.

"MYAA!" Washu cried, flailing her four legs before plunging down into the water 
with a splash. Swimming ashore, Washu shook her fur dry, mewed, and set off to 
find someone who could help her.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------

Mecha-Washu watches Washu's plight from the side of the house with a hollow 
snicker. "Let's ee how useful your vaunted intelligence is without hands or the 
ability to communicate with anyone else," she gloated. With a smirk, she walked 
inside the house.

"Ohayou, Washu! You're just in time for breakfast," Sasami called as she set the 
table.

"Ohayou, Sasami," Mecha-Washu replied. 'Hmmm, Sasami, one of the few who fought 
for my right to exist. It would be a shame if she interfered with my revenge,' 
she considered to herself. "But I'm afraid I don't have time to eat right now. 
I'm quite busy with my work," Mecha-Washu told Sasami.

"You should eat to keep up your strength. I'll save some breakfast so you can 
eat later," Sasami replied, flashing a cute smile.

"Arigatou. Have you seen Ryoko this morning?" Mecha-Washu inquired.

"Hai, she flew into the forest after fighting with Ryoko," Sasami informed her. 
Before Sasami could finish her sentence, Mecha-Washu had left through the back 
door. 'Washu's acting strange. I wonder what's up?' Sasami thought, glancing 
after Mecha-Washu.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------

'Sasami! She might be able to help me!' Washu thought upon seeing Sasami as she 
bounded into the house. "Myaa!" Washu declared, pawing at Sasami's leg.

Sasami giggled and handed Washu a carrot. "Here you are, Ryo-ohki!" Sasami said 
with a smile.

Washu sniffed the carrot and suddenly was overcome with hunger, taking the 
carrot in her jaws and hopping into a corner to eat. 'I'll probably be able to 
think better after eating,' Washu rationalized.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------

Mecha-Washu looked around at the forest and smirked. "So violent yet so fragile. 
Always pushing people away or running away so no one can hurt her 
again....disgusting," she said, shaking her head in contempt.

"Disgusting?? What the HELL do -you- know, Washu?!" Ryoko demanded as she 
dropped down from a tree limb to stand in front of Mecha-Washu, glaring down at 
her.

Mecha-Washu cackled, holding Ryoko's flaring eyes with her own icy-red gaze. "Is 
this how you speak to your mother, Ryoko?" she asked.

Ryoko harumphed, folding her arms and turning her back to Mecha-Washu.

"Poor little girl. Raised by a man who could never love her, only use and abuse 
her. Used as a weapon to give him power and wealth. Your only hope laying in the 
mother you never knew or saw. You learned to hate your mother for abandoning 
you...for never coming back for you. Your anger and hatred grew so strong that 
you even tried to kill the very man with whom you fell in love when you were 
finally released from your cold stony crypt," Mecha-Washu recounted, laughing 
softly.

Ryoko clenched her eyes shut, squeezing her hands into fists as she was forced 
to relive the pain and misery that was her sole existence before Tenchi. "You're 
-not- my mother! No mother could be so cruel to her daughter!" Ryoko declared in 
a soft hiss, shaking with emotion.

"On that count you are correct, Ryoko. I am -not- your mother, but does it reall 
matter? All you have ever been is a weapon, and regardless of who wields it, a 
weapon's only purpose is to kill...just as you tried to kill ME!" Mecha-Washu 
spat vehemently at Ryoko.

Ryoko spun, drawing her laser sword and swinging at where Mecha-Washu -had- been 
standing until a moment ago. "Damn you! Who -are- you?! What have you done with 
Washu?! What the Hell do you want?!"

"What do I want? The same right to life that all of you have. A right that you 
would deny me...but no longer!" Mecha-Washu proclaimed from behind Ryoko.

Ryoko teleported behind Mecha-Washu to see Mecha-Washu's eyes glow with triumph 
as the image she struck faded and disappeared. It was the last scene Ryoko saw 
before her eyes began glowing blood red, her mind dimming and going blank.

"And now, my dear Ryoko, it is -my- finger that holds the trigger to this 
weapon," Mecha-Washu declares coldly.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------

"Wai! Everything looks and smells so good, Sasami!" Mihoshi declared as she 
looked at breakfast, sitting at the table.

"Arigatou, Mihoshi. I hope you like it," Sasami replied, smiling happily.

Kiyone smirked at Mihoshi as she sat down also. 'Why did I have to get stuck 
with -Mihoshi- as my partner?' Kiyone wondered silently to herself, a question 
she has asked herself on many occassions. It was more like being her babysitter 
than her partner. Kiyone sighed. "Would she -ever- grow up?" she grumbled 
quietly.

"I couldn't find Ryoko," Tenchi announced as he walked into the kitchen, Ryo-
ohki hopping along behind him. Ryo-ohki hopped off Tenchi's shoulder, bounding 
over to investigate the new cabbit.

"Hmmph! She's probably sulking like she always does! Why you allow that woman to 
live here I'll never know, Lord Tenchi," Aeka retorted from behind Tenchi. 
Pulling her robes around her, Aeka sat down regally as befit the crown princess 
of the plante Jurai.

"Aeka, please be nice. This is all so hard on me," Sasami implored her older 
sister once again.

Aeka's cold demeanor melted for a moment as she nodded to Sasami. "Hai, you're 
right, Sasami. Please forgive me."

Washu raised her head and looked around the kitchen. 'If only I could find some 
way to communicate with them and warn them,' she thought.

'Warn them of what?' Ryo-ohki asked telepathically.

'You can hear me?' Washu blinked, then smiled. Apparently her mental connections 
with her 'children' had been unaffected.

'Mother? What happened?' Ryo-ohki wondered, nuzzling Washu's long fluffy ears.

Suddenly a sharp pain went through Washu's and Ryo-ohki's heads, shortly 
followed by a strong command for Ryo-ohki to go to Ryoko. As Ryo-ohki phased 
through the outside wall and ran off into the forest, Washu started shouting. 
'No! Ryoko! Mecha-Washu, what have you done to my little girl?!' she demanded 
mentally, while hopping frantically. "Myaa! Myaa! MYAAA!!"

Everyone stopped eating and looked at Washu in shock.

"What is it, Ryo-ohki? Is something wrong with Ryoko?" Tenchi asked.

Seizing the moment, Washu leaped at the door, pawing at it as if to be let 
outside.

"Suit that demon right if she -was- in trouble!" Aeka declared.

"Oh, dear, I hope she'll be ok," Sasami worried.

Kiyone sighed and shook her head, trying to ignore everyone. It seemed as if 
there was never any peace and quiet around here.

Mihoshi merely looked around excitedly, unsure -what- to do.

Tenchi left the table, opened the door, and followed Washu. Slowly, one by one, 
the others followed also.

"I still say that monster woman deserves anything that happens to her that's 
bad," Aeka quipped to herself quietly.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------

Mecha-Washu watched the others pass beneath her position in the trees, a cold 
sneer on her face at Aeka's words. 'Ah, the famed bigotry of the pompous Juraian 
race that my original and her daughter knew oh so well,' she mused silently with 
distaste.

It was true that the Juraian race held all other races in the universe in 
contempt as inferior. Drawing upon Washu's borrowed memories, Mecha-Washu 
experienced Washu's anguish as her son and husband were stripped away from her 
by the Juraiain nobility. Her crime? To have been born a Juraian commoner 
instead of nobility like her husband.

"I can see why this Kagato sought to destroy Jurai. Surely they will try to 
destroy me or seal me away as well, once they have discovered my existence. The 
assinine fools cannot accept that others in the universe may hold power as 
well," she said acidly, cold rage in her red eyes. This crown princess 
represented all she despised about the Juraians: their cold arrogance and their 
thoughtless cruelty. She would deal with Aeka as an example.

The priest Katsuhito also posed a threat to her plans. Although he had rejected 
the ways of his people, even changing his name from Yosho to Katsuhito, Mecha-
Washu could sense his strength and power. He would oppose her, and he would make 
a formidable opponent. Best to deal with him quickly before he could be 
prepared, she reasoned.

The only other threats remaining were the Galaxy Police officers. The dark-
haired one, Kiyone, was cunning and capable. Her biggest weakness lay in the 
ineptitude of her partner, the bumbling ditz Mihoshi. Yet Mihoshi's uncanny luck 
always saw her to victory.

The remaining members of the Masaki household were discounted as harmless. 
Noboyuki was a pathetic ecchi, nothing more. Sasami was a mere child. She would 
spare her in repayment for her kind treatment during her previous incarnation. 
Tenchi had the potential to be a serious threat, but he was a raw and untrained 
warrior. Without the others, he would scarceley be a concern.

With her plans in mind, Mecha-Washu teleported to Washu's lab to make 
preparations for the next stage in her revenge.<br>

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------

"Really, Mihoshi! How can ANYONE be so -clumsy-??" Kiyone sighed in 
exasperation, reachind a hand down to help Mihoshi back to her feet.

"I...I'm sorry, Kiyone," Mihoshi sniffled, rubbing the tears from her eyes. "I 
didn't see the tree root," she explained, taking Kiyone's slim hand and standing 
back up. She dusted the trail dirt off her dark uniform slacks.

"I can understand -that- but...how could you fall down that hill afterwards?" 
Kiyone wondered in frustration, looking back up the 100 meter long slope of 
dense, newly broken vegetation.

Mihoshi did not pay attention to Kiyone's question as she was preoccupied with 
Ryo-Ohki's passage overhead. "Wait for us! Wait for us!" Mihoshi called, waving 
and running after the starship.

Kiyone sighed deeply, hanging her head. "Why me?" she cried, never expecting an 
answer and never receiving one. She followed after Mihoshi, trying to keep her 
in sight.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------

"Ryo-ohki! Slow down! I'm having trouble keeping up with you!" Tenchi shouted to 
Washu.

Washu stopped in her tracks, twitched, and leaped onto Tenchi's chest, bowling 
him over onto his back. "Mya myaa myaa myaa MYAA!!"she shouted. Washu growled 
into Tenchi's face, hopping up and down on his chest. 'Stop calling me Ryo-ohki! 
I'm WASHU!!' she tried to tell him.

Tenchi stared at Washu wide-eyed in shock, caught completely off-guard by her 
outburst.

"Ryo-ohki! What's gotten -into- you?!" Sasami shouted in dismay at witnessing 
the scene. Sasami begain to notice the subtle differences between Ryo-ohki and 
Washu's new cabbit-form as Washu continued mewing and hopping on Tenchi.

"I knew that pirate's evil anti-social personalit would eventually rub off," 
Aeka declared as she stepped into the clearing. "Shoo! Shoo! Leave Lord Tenchi 
alone, you filthy animal!" Aeka said as she swept Washu off Tenchi.

"You're not Ryo-ohki, -are- you?" Sasami asked quietly as she walked over to 
Washu.

The reddish-brown cabbit sighed in response. Slowly Washu begain to write in the 
dirt. "I am Washu," the message said.

Sasami blinked, not quite comprehending what this meant. She looked over at 
Tenchi and Aeka to see if either of they understood the situation any better 
than she did. Neither showed any signs other than confusion and dismay.

"Well I've never known Ryo-ohki to be able to write before," Tenchi said 
haltingly.

"Ryo-ohki has brown fur and yellow eyes. This cabbit has reddish-brown fur and 
green eyes," Sasami pointed out.

'At least they'll finally stop calling me Ryo-ohki now,' Washu thought with some 
relief, 'now if only I can explain in time." Washu begain writing in the dirt 
again. "Mecha Washu" the modified message said.

"Mecha-Washu? But she was destroyed," Tenchi stated.

"Maybe Washu was rebuilding her," Sasami replied.

"oh, man! What if she short-circuited again?" Tenchi groaned, shaking his head 
in memory.

Washu began meowing again. 'She -did-! Why ELSE would I be like -this-?!" Washu 
yelled in Cabbit.

The sudden sounds of battle from Katsuhito's shrine suddenly drew all their 
attentions.<br>

"I think we've found her," Tenchi announced, running towards the shrine, quickly 
followed by Aeka then Sasami carrying Washu in her arms.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------

Crown prince Yosho, known on earth as the humble priest Katsuhito Jurai, sat in 
his shrine pouring tea and awaiting the arrival of his son-in-law Noboyuki. 
"Come in, Noboyuki," Katsuhito said in reply to the tentative cough from the 
doorway.

Noboyuki bowed his thick middle-aged frame in respect to his father-in-law's 
authority. Walking inside, he took a seat on the straw mat across the low table 
from Katsuhito, accepting a cup of bitter green tea.

"It has been some time since we have shared tea, has it not, my son?" Katsuhito 
asked.

"Hai, father, too long," Noboyuki answered.

"It must get lonely for you," Katsuhito stated.

"Heh. It can be a madhouse with all of Tenchi's friends staying at the house," 
Noboyuki replied.

Yosho raised an eyebrow at Noboyuki's evasion. "I miss her as well," Katsuhito 
replied. A few moments of silence passed as each sipped their tea. "I know you 
loved my daughter Achika, Noboyuki. As much as I did. That was why I approved of 
your marriage," Katsuhito reminded Noboyuki.

"Hai, father....there is not a day that goes by that I do not miss her with all 
my heart," Noboyuki returned solemnly.

"Hmm. Hai, but do you believe that she would want you to spend the rest of your 
life in grief, my son?" Katsuhito asked thoughtfully.

"No...no, she wouldn't. She loved me and wanted me to always be happy, just as I 
did her," Noboyuki said quietly, gazing into the bottom of his cup.

"Then please explain to me why you treat women as mere objects now, instead of 
as human beings? It may be safer to keep others at a distance by such behavior, 
but does it make you any happier or less lonely?" Katsuhito inquired, looking at 
Noboyuki to appraise his reaction.

Noboyuki sighed and hung his head, setting his cup on the table. "No...it 
doesn't," he replied very quietly.

Katsuhito nodded. "What do you think Achika would think of such behavior?"

Noboyuki stared at his hands, his shoulders slumping. The light in the shrine 
reflected the grief in his eyes.

"Son, you must continue to live your life to its fullest, for yuor sake and to 
honor Achika's love," Katsuhito encouraged.

"I understand, father. It -has- been lonely," Noboyuki said, looking over at 
Katsuhito.

Katsuhito nodded. "Another cup of tea?" he offered.

"Arigatou," Noboyuki replied, handing his cup to Katsuhito

"Awww, what a -touching- scene!" Mecha-Washu remarked sarcastically as she 
appeared out of the shadows, Ryoko floating alongside her mindlessly.

"Miss Washu? What's wrong? What's happened to Miss Ryoko?" Noboyuki asked in 
concern, eyeing the two of them.

"Welcome to the Masaki Shrine, Miss. I do not believe I have had the honor of 
meeting you before," Katsuhito said to Mecha-Washu, bowing to her from his seat.

"Washu? I am not that foolish woman. It -is- ironic that she sought to create me 
in her own image. Don't you think so, Ryoko?" Mecha-Washu replied. Ryoko looked 
up as Mecha-Washu spoke her name, her eyes glowing dark crimson. "However, I 
have surpassed even -her- expectations to her due regret." Mecha-Washu intoned 
darkly, a malicious grin on her face.

"Hmmm. Is that so?" Katsuhito said, casting a critical eye at Mecha-Washu and 
Ryoko. "Would you care to tell me all about this over a cup of tea?" he offered 
nonchalantly.

"I must apologize but I must decline. I never mix business with pleasure. I'm 
sorry but your existence poses a threat to my own. A situation which will be 
shortly rectified," Mecha-Washu declared gravely.

Katsuhito sighed, "I'm truly sorry you fel that way, miss. I trust there is no 
way I can convince you otherwise?"

"None," Mecha-Washu answered flatly.

Katsuhito nodded regretfully, standing to his feet as the years melted from his 
body to leave him as a man in his early-twenties. "So be it then."

Suddenly Ryoko flew through the air at Katsuhito, drawing her laser sword. 
Yosho's training sword flared with his battle energy, deflecting Ryoko's thrust 
to his right side. As Ryoko spun her sword around to slash at Yosho's stomach, 
he brought his blade up under her guard to swipe at Ryoko's right side. Ryoko 
flew to the left to avoide the blow, her blade blocking Yosho's.

Throwing herself into the air with a growl, Ryoko charged headfirst at Yosho, 
laser sword aimed at Yosho like a lance. Yosho reached forward to meet Ryoko, 
leaping into the air with a flurry of slashes.

"I regret having to fight you once again, Ryoko. I know you are not in control 
of your own actions," Yosho told Ryoko. Whether she could hear his words was 
uncertain for Ryoko's expression was unwavering wild blood lust.

Several slashes appeared on Ryoko's forearms and shoulders as she charged Yosho. 
Suddenly she disappeared, teleporting behind him, leveling an upwards slash at 
his back that would have split him in half if he had not leaped and rolled away 
just in time. Yosho winced at the deep cut along his back. Then he spied 
Noboyuki rushing at Ryoko.

Mecha-Washu nodded as she heard several people approaching from the steps 
outside. Suddenly Tenchi, Aeka, Sasami, and Washu ran into the shrine as 
Noboyuki tried to tackle Ryoko from behind. Mecha-Washu unleashed her matter 
fusion beam at Yosho. Tenchi ran towards Ryoko and Noboyuki as Aeka raced to her 
brother Yosho.

Ryoko spun around to forceblast Noboyuki, sending him flying through a wall. 
Yosho suddenly disappeared in the wash of a blue-green beam, sealed into the 
holy tree Funaho.<br>

"Now, Ryoko! Take the crown princess hostage!" Mecha-Washu cried into the 
resulting chaos.

Ryoko glanced at Tenchi and paused, her heand reaching towards him for a moment, 
before teleporting behind Aeka. As Aeka stared in shock at where her beloved 
brother had been but a moment earlier. Ryoko struck her in the head viciously, 
knocking her unconscious. Lifting Aeka's limp body into her arms, Ryoko 
disappeared before Tenchi could stop her.

With a loud triumphant cackle that echoed in the small shrine, Mecha-Washu 
stepped into subspace, locking gazes with Tenchi as she did so.


				End Requiem -- Chapter 2: Blood Ties
