Disclaimer:

I do not own any of these characters. They belong to the very creative people at 
AIC/ Pioneer. I don't make any money off of this so don't sue me. ^_^

Notes: Hi! This is the second chapter of Ryoko's Gems. I have started summer 
school. ^_^;; I don't plan to have it affect my writing... but if it does send 
me your e-mail address, and I will send you a copy of the next chapter if I miss 
an update. Thanks. Still want your comments on the story so send them!! ^_^

E-mail: jennyb4@hotmail.com

********************************************************************************

RYOKO'S GEMS: CHAPTER TWO

"Really Tenchi, I am fine," Ryoko reassured Tenchi, as she made her way to the 
door. Still not fully aware of her loss of power Ryoko, walked into the door.

"Ow!" Ryoko stepped back, as she rubbed her bruised head.

"Ryoko you really should have Washu look you over," Tenchi said concerned, 
reaching out to help Ryoko.

"I am not some defective experiment that needs a tune up or a new wire," The 
stains from the loss of her powers were getting to her. "I am not going to see 
that mad scientist!" Ryoko brushed Tenchi's hand off her shoulder.

Tenchi's face was apologetic and surprised. Ryoko could not stand that look of 
hurt from him.

>He can't understand,< Ryoko thought angrily. She harshly slid open his door and 
stormed out of his room. Tenchi was left standing in his room stunned.

"Did I miss something?" Tenchi asked himself in bewilderment.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ryoko came down the stairs; almost loosing her balance again she grabbed the 
rail for support. Aeka came out of the kitchen hearing the door to Tenchi's room 
open. She wanted to apologize for her rudeness at dinner. Instead of Tenchi 
coming down the stairs, she saw Ryoko. 

>No doubt coming from Tenchi's room.< Aeka thought angrily.

"Ryoko what have you been doing to Tenchi," Aeka demanded.

"Non of your damn business," Ryoko retorted, regaining her balance and 
descending the final steps of the stairs to face Aeka.

"I want to know what you were doing in Tenchi's room!"

Ryoko's emotions were wearing thin. She had been through an emotion roller 
coaster today and she did not need these childish accusations of Aeka's. It was 
a fun game when she was not so tired.

"Didn't you hear what I said before you insufferable bitch?!" Before Ryoko could 
take back her commit, she felt herself thrown against the wall. She felt a 
horrible pain in her chest. Her chest tightened. 

>I can't breathe,< Ryoko thought horrified. Then she inhaled a breath and felt 
blood trickle down the back of her throat. Ryoko gagged. Aeka's logs surrounded 
her, preparing for another attack.

"I had it with you, Ryoko. I have tried to be polite and civil. I looked away 
when you were climbing disgracefully over Tenchi. You never considered anyone's 
feelings. You only see yours!" Aeka had prepared another attack.

Ryoko shook off the pain that burned in her chest. She could barely breathe. Her 
vision came in and out of blackness as she tried to stand. She steadied herself 
against the wall.

"Aeka listen..." Ryoko's voice was cut off by Aeka.

"Enough of your talk, Ryoko. You always like to resolve things with the sword, 
so now is your chance," Aeka informed her. 

>I will show her,< Aeka consumed with her own vengeance, did not notice Ryoko's 
pain and inability to protect herself. 

"Defend yourself!"

"Aeka.." Before Ryoko could finish, pain consumed her body. The pain disappeared 
as she fell unconscious to the floor.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tenchi had heard the first blast of the fight. Aeka's and Ryoko's fights had 
become so natural he disregarded them. He lay on his bed thinking about what 
happened between him and Ryoko. A sharp pain flared through his body and he 
thought he heard someone scream his name in agony. The pain only lasted a few 
seconds, but a second explosion followed it. Then a deadly silence came over the 
house. Realization struck him. He leaped out of bed.

"Ryoko!" Her name came out more in a whisper, as his throat suddenly became dry.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Washu stood over the unconscious Ryoko, typing on her laptop. A frown came 
across Washu's lips. 

>You are a very stupid girl, Ryoko.< She shook her head and continued typing 
away in the silence of her laboratory. Ryoko lay in a glass tube. Her chest 
rouse and fell in the soft rhythm of her breathing. Her clothes were removed and 
a bandage was wrapped around her mid section. The blood had seeped through the 
white bandage. Her arms rested at her side and her face was turned away from 
Washu. Washu stretched her arms and cracked her fingers.

"You`re lucky, Aeka didn't kill you," Washu muttered.

Her greatest creation lay before her wounded. This should not have happened to 
Ryoko. She was built to be the most powerful warrior. She had been able to 
defeat the superior Jurai army single-handed. People bowed in fear of her and 
now she lay helpless like a meek child. Washu hit her computer in anger causing 
to disappear on impact.

"Why did you do this to me?!" Washu angrily yelled at her unconscious daughter.

Ryoko was the last thing she had of a family, and the thought of loosing her was 
incomprehensible. 

>I lost one child before. I watched him disappeared before my eyes. I won't 
allow you to do that to me, too.< Washu's hands rested on the top of the glass 
chamber that held her daughter. She curled her hands into a fist and pushed 
herself away. Her computer formed before her and she resumed typing.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Aeka sat crying at the foot of the dock. Tenchi sat next to her. Both did not 
say a word to each other. Aeka sniffled and wiped her tears on her sleeve. She 
glanced up at Tenchi's stern face. He stared blankly on the lake. His thoughts 
were somewhere else, but his face let none of his emotions through. Aeka had 
expected Tenchi to yell at her, like he did when Ryoko did something foolish, 
but after he brought Ryoko to Washu's lab, he sot her out and said nothing to 
her. He sat down next to her like it was another beautiful day.

Aeka did not know what to say. "Sorry" seemed not to be enough. 

>I would have never attacked her, if I knew she had none of her powers,< Aeka 
sighed. She bowed her head and looked at her hands. She had never killed anyone. 
She was the Princess of Jurai, one of the most powerful kingdoms in the galaxy. 
She should not be worrying over the health of the person, who took her away from 
her brother and got her stuck on this planet. She tried to believe what she told 
herself but couldn't. She did not know why she prayed to have this annoying 
demon okay. Deep inside her she knew the answer, but she would not let herself 
believe it. She would never be a friend with Ryoko, she told herself.

Tenchi did not know what to feel. It was because of him that Ryoko was hurt. If 
it were not for Aeka's and Ryoko's constant fighting over him, Ryoko would not 
be bleeding in Washu's lab. He squeezed his fists tighter in his lap. He could 
not feel his nails breaking into his skin. Ryoko gave her gem to him because she 
feared she would hurt him. Now she was the one who was hurt. 

>Ryoko why did you put yourself in danger for me? It hurts me more to watch you 
helpless and there is nothing I can do.<

Tenchi broke his gaze from the lake. He noticed Aeka's sobbing had subsided. She 
quietly gazed at the birds flying over the lake. Tear silently flowed down her 
cheeks.

"Aeka," Tenchi softly said, putting his arm around her, "You did not know that 
Ryoko has lost her power."

Aeka lay her head on his chest. >He is not angry at me,< She rested there for a 
few moments. 

"Tenchi I am the princess of Jurai, I should have known better." Aeka looked up 
into his soft brown eyes.

"Ryoko has her own natural way of upsetting the most proper and trained of us 
all." Tenchi smiled at his statement. Ryoko could get under anyone's skin to the 
point you did not know if you should strangle the demoness or hold her.

"That is so true," Aeka responded. "Will she be alright?"

"I think so."

Tenchi held Aeka as the sun slid behind the hills.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sasami stayed at the door of Washu's lab with Ryo-Ohki. Sasami had refused to 
leave until Washu told her Ryoko would be all right. Sasami stroked Ryo-Ohki's 
fur. She stained to keep her eyes open. Her head bobbed up and down trying to 
refuse sleep. Finally she could not keep her eyes open any longer. She slipped 
into a deep slumber. Ryo-Ohki curled up in the little girl's lap. 

A sad "Miya" came from Ryo-ohki.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The house had turned dark. The moon never came out, and only a few stars gleamed 
in the black sky. A starship came out of the blackness towing another starship 
behind it.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Ohhh," Mihoshi whined, "I can't see a thing." She turned her cube again and 
again. The cube popped out clothes, toys, food, secret documents, but Mihoshi 
could not find the manual for her starship. "I can't turn on the lights, if I 
don't have the manual."

The figure behind her sighed in disgust at the frazzled galaxy police officer.

"Why don't you hit the button that has the picture of a light?" the man 
suggested.

Mihoshi looked up from the pile of junk that surrounded her.

"Oh I knew that." I light bulb seemed to pop on in the black void of Mihoshi's 
head. She reached forward and hit the button that looked like a light.

"No, not that one!" the man yelled in shock, as Mihoshi pushed the button for 
the cannons. An explosion erupted from the forest below.

"Oops."

The man ran forward to take over the controls for the ship. He flipped on the 
lights. The inside of the shipped illuminated in light. He landed the ships next 
to the Masaki house.

"I wish they did not give me a different ship," Mihoshi bald. Tears streamed 
down her face. "I miss my old ship!"

The young man looked powerless at Mihoshi. >How did this crybaby become a galaxy 
police officer?< He pushed his hand through his thick black hair. His blue eyes 
scanned the room for somewhere to escape from the endless crying. >I am going to 
need this bubblehead's help if I am to retrieve Washu,< He walked up to Mihoshi. 
His broad shoulder and height cast a shadow on her. 

Mihoshi sniffled as she recognized how close he stood to her. She blushed a deep 
red.

"Are you going to help me fix my ship?" he asked her.

"I can't help you fix your ship, but I bet Washu will help you."

>I am surprised anyone would let her pilot a ship, let alone fix one,< he 
thought.

"Thank you." He smiled. Mihoshi blushed again.

"Come on you will have to meet everyone. I bet Tenchi will let you stay until 
your ship is fixed. He is so nice," Mihoshi rambled on, but Gyhard did not 
listen. His mind contemplated his meeting and the capture of Washu. He was 
jolted out of his thoughts, as Mihoshi grabbed his arm and dragged him out of 
her ship. Everyone gathered around the two starships, except for Ryoko. Mihoshi 
came out of her new ship, dragging a handsome man behind her.

"I should have guessed," Washu said referring to the explosion that had taken 
place.

Sasami tugged at her sister's skirt.

"Isn't he handsome?" Sasami whispered to Aeka.

"Sasami!"

"What did you do now?" Washu said to Mihoshi in an accusing tone, as Washu 
nodded to the young man and the broken starship.

"Washu!! Please can you help fix this man's ship?" Mihoshi had her hands clasped 
together pleading.

>So this is Washu,< Gyhard thought, >She sure does not look like she has any 
power. She looks like a child but she sure does not act like one.< He watched as 
Washu hit Mihoshi over the head with the manual for her spacecraft.

"I am sorry I did not mean to hit his space ship. I couldn't find the manual for 
the controls. I told him that your were a genius when it comes to fixing space 
ships."

"Well if you put it that way, I guess I have no choice but to help him." Washu 
turned her attention to Gyhard. He stared back at Washu. She looked tried, 
though; her perky voice did not show it.

"So Mihoshi, are you going to introduce me to this young man whom you decided to 
hit?"

A sweat dropped formed on her head. "I forgot to ask his name."

Everyone hung heads. Washu looked at Mihoshi, as if she had never seen her 
before.

"Mihoshi you can't mean that you were riding with this man all the time and 
never bothered to ask him his name?!" Washu said.

"Yep," she answered cheerfully.

Washu groaned. "Since the ditz here has not inquired about your name, I will," 
Washu said. "I am the Super Genius Washu, but I expect you to call me Little 
Washu." Washu extended her hand to him with a smile spread across her face.

"Hello, Little Washu. I am Gyhard," he said taking Washu's hand in his.

"I will be glad to fix your ship only if you..." She let her voice wonder.

"If I what?"

"Let me experiment on you!"

Gyhard was taken aback by Washu's request. "Umm."

She smiled at his frazzled look.

"I will let you think about it. I will fixed the damage this ditz has inflicted 
on your ship, but it will have to wait 'til I finish my other project." With the 
last sentence Gyhard thought her voice become suddenly sad and tired.

"Your welcome to stay at my house until your ship is prepared," Tenchi said as 
he approached Gyhard. "I am Masaki Tenchi."

Gyhard accepted Tenchi's offer. Tenchi watched as Aeka and Sasami greeted 
Gyhard. >I don't like him< the thought came out of nowhere and shocked him. He 
never judged anyone until he knew more about him, but there was something about 
this man that unnerved him.

"Don't worry, you are not going to loose the girls affection for you to him," 
Washu said in response to the face Tenchi had made.

Tenchi looked shocked.

"No it is no that," Tenchi said calmly, "There is something else about him that 
bothers me."

Washu looked from Tenchi to Gyhard, who was still talking to the girls, then 
back to Tenchi.

>Maybe I can get Gyhard to agree on a little experiment< she thought.

"Is Ryoko doing all right?" Tenchi asked, as the group moved into the house.

"Do you want to see her?"

"Would it be all right?"

Washu looked up to him as if he was joking. The seriousness of his face told her 
otherwise. "Yes it will be fine. Ryoko is still unconscious, but I think she 
would be happy to have you with her."

Tenchi kept quite as he followed Washu to her lab. Washu stopped at the door.

"Tenchi. Why did Ryoko give you her gem?" Washu asked quietly.

"She said she did not want to harm me," Tenchi replied sadly. Ryoko got hurt 
because of him.

Washu kept silent as she entered her lab followed by Tenchi. The lab that 
contained all her machines and experiments, was empty except for a glass tube 
that held Ryoko. Tenchi walked up to the glass chamber. He watched Ryoko. He 
kept his eyes focused on her sleeping face, away from the bloody bandage. A 
light sheet covered the exposed part of her body.

"She loves you Tenchi. She would do anything for you," Washu said from behind 
him, "Don't blame yourself for what happened."

"How could I not? When did I deserve this devotion of hers?"

"The day you smiled at her without cowering away in fear."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The three girls had pushed Gyhard in the house. He sat on the couch with Mihoshi 
and Aeka besides him sipping tea. Sasami handed him another cup of tea. It 
amazed him, this little girl did the chores that these two older women should 
do. They chattered away asking him question after question. His mind was only 
half focused on them. He searched the house with his eyes to see where that boy 
and Washu had gone. They were nowhere to be seen. >Damn!<

"Do you like the tea?" Sasami asked.

Gyhard looked at the little girl standing before him. "It is wonderful. I am 
surprised someone so young can make such great tea," he replied honestly.

Sasami blushed at the praise.

"Where is Ryoko?" Mihoshi asked sipping some of her tea.

A hush silence came over Aeka and Sasami. Sasami looked to Aeka to answer 
Mihoshi's question. Tears started to form in Sasami's eyes. She quickly bowed 
and left the room.

>Ryoko? Why does that name sound familiar?< Gyhard thought, >Did I read it on 
the print out of this place?< A soft sob from the kitchen broke his train of 
thoughts.

He looked up to see Aeka turning her head toward the crying. She sighed. Mihoshi 
started to look worried.

"Ryoko has been hurt," Aeka said quietly.

"Is she ok?!" Mihoshi jumped out of her seat spilling her tea. "Oh no!!" she 
shrieked as the tea came down on her uniform. She brushed off the tea as much 
she could. "What happened to Ryoko?" Mihoshi asked, as she took a napkin to soak 
up the tea that stained her uniform.

Aeka hung her head, avoiding Mihoshi's eye contact. Sasami appeared at the 
entrance to the kitchen. Her eyes where puffy.

"Aeka and Ryoko had a fight and Ryoko got hurt," Sasami said.

"Why can't you two ever be nice to each other?!" Mihoshi asked.

"Who knows?" Aeka responded sadly, as she stood up from the couch. "Sasami can 
you show Gyhard to the extra room? Good night." Aeka bowed and removed herself 
from the room. The back door could be heard opening and closing.

"You must be tired. I will show you to your room," Sasami said to Gyhard.

"Thank you, but I have to do some work on my ship. I will probably end up 
spending the night there."

"Good night," Sasami said, as Gyhard walked out the door.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

>I need to find out who Ryoko is and if she will cause any problems. The 
princesses of Jurai should not be any problem. That boy Tenchi is a weakling. 
Mihoshi is more a danger to herself than anyone else. I am surprised Dr.Clay had 
problems abducting Washu.< Gyhard thought as he walked out to his ship. >D3 said 
the boy contained great power.< Gyhard opened the bulkhead to his ship. The 
lights started to come on as he walked to the bridge. He sat down in his chair 
and called up the computer screen. >Underestimating these people is the greatest 
folly I can make. There is a reason that the most powerful beings in the galaxy 
are living under the same roof.< Gyhard leaned back in his chair as the screen 
before him started to glow. Ryoko's profile came up on the screen.

"The legendary demon that attacked Jurai," Gyhard leaned back in his chair 
surprised.

********************************************************************************

So how do you like it so far? ^_^ E-mail: jennyb4@hotmail.com


