___________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Legal Stuff: I do not Kagato, Tenchi, Ryoko, Dr. Clay or anyother characters
or trademarks of Tenchi Muyo so don't sue me!

____________________________________________________________________________________________________________

                                  PROLOGUE

A dark figure walks over to an operating table with a man strapped to the
it, the figure presses a few buttons and the person on the table begins to
stir.

"UUhhh......where am I?".............the figure looks around the room, he is
in a laboratory strapped to a table.

"Well, you have finally awaken." "How are you feeling?"

"Where am I and who are you, am I you prisoner?"

"Prisoner?!...Why no I have brought you here for a certain purpose." "Do you
remember who you are?"

"All I remember is a boy and this light...I....that's all I remember." "Who
am I?"

"You were once one of the most feared space pirates, you destroyed numerous
planets, you are Kagato."

"Ka..ga..to."

"Yes, and I am going to help you get your revenge on that boy, by taking
away what he holds most dear."

____________________________________________________________________________________________________________

                               Ryoko's Savior
                                   Part 1

It was Morning at the Masaki house and everything was going as usual.

Sasami was cooking breakfast, Tenchi was working in the fields, and Ayeka
and Ryoko were at each others throats about what else, Tenchi.

"Well, breakfast sure smells good."

"Thanks Tenchi, I hope the others like it."

"They will don't worry but I just hope those two quit fighting so I can eat
and not have to fix any part of the house today."

"They need to learn to be a lot nicer to each other, maybe even become
friends."

Sasami and Tenchi both let out a laugh at that thought, Ayeka and Ryoko
friends!!!!!
Suddenly Ryoko comes flying through the window of the kitchen and as an
instinct Tenchi jumps to catch her, he succeeds but the two of them are
thrown through the living room and slam into the wall.

"TENCHI, you really do care about me", Ryoko says while rubbing her head
against his chest.

"Uh...well I just didn't want you to get hurt."

"Tenchi, you know that I am practically indestructable so you think a wall
is gonna hurt me, you care about me."

"Well..I..Uhh."

Ayeka walks in to see if Ryoko had broken anything and then she saw a sight
she couldn't believe, Tenchi holding Ryoko!"

"Get away from him you She-Devil!"

"Well, for your information *little princess* Tenchi just saved me from
crashing into that wall!"

"Well, he should have let you smack into that wall!"

"Ayeka", Tenchi yelled agrily.

"She's a slut and you know it."

"Ryoko, don't you know Tenchi could never love you, because you are nothing
but a loathsome whore!"

Usually anything that Ayeka ever said to her never phased her but this made
her think that Tenchi may think the same way, tears started to form in
Ryoko's eyes and she took off and phased through the ceiling.

"Ayeka, go apologize to Ryoko."

"Why, everything I said was true!"

"You know something Ayeka, you are a Royal Bitch, and there is no way I
could love a person who is so cruel!"

Tenchi takes off to look for Ryoko. Ayeka just stands there in shock, not
crying just standing there.
Sasami runs over to Ayeka and shakes her but to no avail.

"Come on sis, snap out of it." Ayeka just stands there starring.

In another part of the House

Tenchi is searching through the house for Ryoko, but she is nowhere to be
found.

"Hmm..If I were Ryoko where would I be?"

"The Roof!!" Tenchi goes outside and up the ladder to the roof and sees
Ryoko curled up in a ball, crying, this sight nearly breaks Tenchi's heart.
He quitely starts to go up Ryoko but stops when he hears her speak.

"Oh, why can't Tenchi feel the same way I feel for him, maybe Ayeka was
right maybe i'm just a slut, how could Tenchi love me."

"But, I do love you."

Ryoko suprised by Tenchi's sudden appearance tries to hide her tears so as
not to appear weak.

"Uhh..Tenchi I was just uh..", Ryoko was cut short by Tenchi's lips pressing
against hers, the warmth of Tenchi's lips and the overwhelming feeling of
this moment is too much for Ryoko and tears start to flow from Ryoko. Not
tears of sadness but tears of joy.

After what seems like an eternity they break from the kiss. Ryoko starts to
speak but is quickly silenced by Tenchi.

"Ryoko, I want you to listen to something I must tell you."

Ryoko nods in compliance.

"Ryoko, ever since that day I freed you from that cave, and then at when you
attacked me at school, I knew you cared for me somehow I knew."

"But, I have never returned the feelings you have shown me these past years,
but I have loved you every moment, but I didn't reveal my feelings because
of Ayeka."

"I do love Ayeka, but just as a friend, or like a sister." "But my love for
you is deeper than that." Saying that Tenchi kneals down before her and
takes a small ring out of his pocket.

"Ryoko, this is the ring my father gave me, it was my mother's, he told me
to give it to the person I truly loved when the time came."

"Ryoko, will you do me the honor of becomming my wife?"

Barely before Tenchi had asked the question Ryoko burst into tears
and wrapped her arms around Tenchi throwing him to the ground and locking in
another kiss. After they broke from the kiss Tenchi was the first to break
the silence.

"So, I guess that's a yes", Tenchi says playfully.

Ryoko gives him a small smack on the head.

"Well, how are we gonna break the news to Ayeka", Ryoko asks concerned.
Tenchi lets out a long sigh. "Well, I guess I should tell her." "But, since
it is late I will tell her tommorrow."

"In that case, can I ask you a favor of you Tenchi?"

"Sure."

"Tenchi...will..will...you......

"Will I what?"

"Tenchi, will you sleep with me tonight, I mean just sleep with me and I
won't try anything I just want you near me."

"I would love to in fact I was going to ask you the same question."

"Ok Tenchi, hold on."

"What do you mean hold on?" Ryoko grabbed Tenchi's arm and Tenchi felt his
body rise off of the roof.

"Whoa, Ryoko what are you doing?"

"Just making sure we are not disturbed tonight, how would you like to spend
the night in space on Ryo-Oki?"

"Well, uh..Ok sure."

"Great!" Ryoko whistled and Ryo-oki popped up on the roof.

"Ok, Ryo-oki transform." The cabbit leaped high into the air and transformed
into its spaceship form, then Ryoko teleported Tenchi and herself to
Ryo-oki.

Aboard Ryo-oki, Ryoko set a course for an outer star system so Ayeka
couldn't detect them and ruin everything.

"Well, Tenchi we have a while until we get to Alpha-Centauri so just make
your self comfortable."

"Alright." Tenchi took a look around and realized that the inside of Ryo-oki
was actually quite luxurious,

"Guess, I never got a chance to see this place well since the only time i'm
in here is when we're on a battle or going to save somebody."

"Hey Ryoko, I noticed there aren't any beds where are we gonna sleep?"

"Ryoko.......?" Tenchi turns around to fund that Ryoko has vanished, at
first he was startled but remembered that she was just probably getting
ready for bed or something.

Tenchi just wandered around a bit and stared out into space thinking of the
choice he had made, he knew it was the right one but he couldn't help but
feel sorry for Ayeka.

"Boy, how is she gonna take this?"

"Oh, Tenchi......" Tenchi hears Ryoko and turns around and the sight that is
laid before him nearly gives him a heart attack. Ryoko in a silk black lace
teddy, just light enough so you can make out her beautiful body.

"Uh..Ryoko..um..WOW!"

"Why, thank you Tenchi", Ryoko says in a seductive little voice.

"Well, Tenchi are you ready for bed?"

"Uh..Ryoko yeah but I've noticed they're aren't any beds, where are we gonna
sleep."

"Glad you asked." Ryoko walks over to one of the control crystals and
presses one side of it.

Tenchi feels his feet begin to lift off the ground.

"What the hell I'm flying!"

"No, I just turned off the gravity and here's my another little surprise."
She taps another side of the crystal and the ship becomes transparent so
that all they see is the stars.

"Tenchi, I just want to thank you for doing this for me."

Tenchi goes over to Ryoko and gently places his lips on hers.

"I would do anything just to be near you", says Tenchi as he stares into her
golden eyes.

The two drift off to sleep in each others arms thinking about the
other.......................................

____________________________________________________________________________________________________________


Well How was that that was my first regular fan fic, usually I write lemons
I think I'm really better at writing stories where people...well fuck but
I'm trying somethin different so send me feed back, comments, or if you hate
come and argue with me...I love to argue!!

Peaceout

Krackhead420

P.S. I'm writing part 2 "Kagato's Return" it's longer and I think better
that this one!

Oh yeah and if ya wanna have a really good tenchi song to go with this
download "Ryoko's love Song" at www.Ryoko's Hot Spring.Com and go to sound
files!