Disclaimer:  The characters I am writing about do not,as much as I would
like them to, belong to me.The cast of Tenchi Muyo!is property of Pioneer
and Aic, so no lawsuits, please!

Glossary of Japanese words:

Please note that this story contains a rather unreasonable amount of
Japanese,mainly because I'd just returned from a trip to Japan when I wrote
it. For this reason, I've included a glossary of all the Japanese words that
are used.(in the order I wrote them into the story)

Tsuki=Moon
Baka=Idiot,fool
Kono kanji=This feeling
Masaka=Impossible!
Oni=Demon

Note:This story takes place in the spring following Manatsu no Eve...

                      Tenchi Muyo!Ryoko no Musume

                               A Prologue
                             By:AniMAY-chan

           The sun had set hours ago,in fact it was well past midnight,but
for some reason,
she still could not sleep.Maybe it was because of the glassy moonlight
streaming in
through the downstairs windows,enhanced by tsuki's reflection on the
lake.No,it was
probably because she was lonely.She shifted her weight."Don't be such an
obstinate
baka,the other girls wouldn't mind if you moved into their room",a small
voice inside
of her chided.What followed was an internal struggle of nearly epic
proportions.
"You know it's not their company you're lonely for!!"She sat up,realizing
that last
thought had been spoken out loud.She sighed heavily and settled back down.A
few seconds later,she opened her eyes."Kono kanji..."She knew that feeling.
She was being watched."That's impossible.Who else would be awake at this
hour?"
Then she remembered;she wasn't alone."Oh,don't tell me I agreed to look
after
her?!"Floating down from her perch,she approached the crib at the far side
of
the living room and peered into it.Sure enough,Mayuka was awake,looking at
the world around her with one of those unfathomable expressions that babies
wore.
She raised soulful orange eyes and met those of teh woman who was standing
over her crib.Although Mayuka herself was unaware of it,her eyes glowed
brightly
in the half-light of the living room.Surprised,she watched as the woman
gasped
and took several steps backward."Masaka!"Ryoko's thoughts began racing,
first questioning what she had just seen,then realizing the answer."It's
only natural
for this to happen,I mean Yuzuha was a demon,wasn't she?"The significance
dawned on her suddenly."A demon...just like..me..."She turned her face away
from the baby."Oh,no,no,NO!!!I am not going to over-attach myself to another

member of this family!!"Mayuka continued to stare at the demoness
quizzicaly,
watching her pace back and forth."Oni or not,the girl needs her
sleep...wait,
Sasami usually takes care of that...Aeka'd kill me if I woke her..."She
turned to
Mayuka and,bending down,lifted the baby in her arms."It looks like it's up
to me!"
She walked over to the sofa and sat down."The question is,how do I get you
to
go to sleep?"Unbidden,Ryoko's memories rose to engulf her.She couldn't
recall
her mother ever putting her to bed,Washu had always been so busy...A memory
of the Lady Achika came to her mind,how she used to sing her own aby to
sleep..
Ryoko smiled at the irony of it.That baby had been Tenchi,and the child she
held
now was none other than his daughter.She gave Mayuka a smile and began her
song,one she had heard on one of her many journeys through space.It was a
slow
romantic ballad called,"The Lonely Moon"-perfect for a lullaby."I am lonely
like
the moom,you are far away as the earth."She had always loved that song,it
reminded her of Tenchi..."we are drifting in this dance,I can feel you
circle my
heart."She was aware that Mayuka was nestling closer to her."Sometimes I
cry for you,knowing you don't want me,too."What if one of the others saw her

behaving like this?It wasn't like her,not for a minute,but...she didn't
care."That
i want to find a way to your soul."Mayuka's eyes grew heavy."You don't seem
to count the hours,when we are not together."She had sung this song many
times
before,but never with such gentleness.There were very few things that she
did with
gentleness,in fact.Mayuka was almost asleep now,as Ryoko finished the
refrain of
her song."I float in this emptiness,'till at last,love returns,with the
night...and the
lonely moon."Sha glanced at the baby."Sound asleep",she thought,carefully
leaning
against the pillows of the couch, as not to disturb her.Ryoko tightened her
arms
around Mayuka,and it was in this fashion that morning found them;asleep
together in a warm embrace.


Well,there you have it,folks,my prologue!A  ny comments would be gladly
received at the following address:zandria_chan@yahoo.com
This story and all the ones to follow, are dedicated to "Sweet 17",who
encouraged me to write my fanfics down!  Domo arigatou!!  Stay tuned for
part one!!
