Ryoko's Folly - Chapter 1 : "No Need For A New Resident!"

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                   'No Need for a New Resident!'

  Tenchi rolled his eyes as he felt the familiar shimmer of air behind him.
"Hello, Ryoko"
  "How'd you know it was me?" she purred in a pouty voice.
  "Who else just appears behind me?" he sighed as her arms wrapped around
him and her breasts pressed into his back.
  Tenchi wasn't worried about getting trapped in another fight or
unescapable situation since he had learned how to dissuade her. He gently
took her hand s and, though it almost made his nose bleed, he faced her. He
smiled at her, hiding his nervousness.
  He almost laughed at her vivid blush. She tugged her hands weakly and he
immediately let go. "Umm, I have to go" and as suddenly as she appeared she
was gone.
  Tenchi's smile turned into a grin as he continued an to the bathroom.
Who'd of thought that the demon and space pirate extraordinaire was
completely touch shy. If she wasn't the one doing it, that is. It came in
handy for diffusing potentially hazardous situations.
  The more he thought about it the more this behavior made sense. When, when
he thought about it, had she gotten all this experience they were so sure
she had? From what he had gathered, Kagato had taken her at a very young
age, and had had complete control of her, then she had been imprisoned in
the cave. Tenchi came to the conclusion that she was all talk, and now he
felt much less afraid of her nonexistant experience.
  Tenchi heard the doorbell ring, and sidetracked to answer it. He was
surprised to see a girl from his old high school standing there. "Mitashi,
what are you doing here?"
  "I heard that you were boarding, and I was wondering whether you had any
room."
  "Oh, um, you'll really have to talk to my grandfather about that. They
should be in the dining room. C'mon"
  Mitashi smiled at him gratefully. "Thank you, Tenchi. I got kicked out of
my house"
  "I'm sorry" He turned his back to her and motioned for her to follow him.
Mitashi's smile turned into a smirk. She had actually ran away, and this was
the only place she could think to come.
  Tenchi led the tall, half Irish, half Japanese girl to the dining room.
Her heritage made for interesting looks. Boy short red hair, slitted orange
eyes, and a tall voluptuous figure. Tenchi guessed that most men would find
her irresistable. Tenchi was not most guys. As far as he was concerned, she
didn't hold a candle to any of the beautiful girls currently in his home.
Especially- No, better not to go there.
  Upon reaching the room, Mitashi was startled to see five girls and two men
sitting around a large table. Mitashi had always considered herself very
beautiful, but not one, but ALL the girls were very beautiful. It was
unnatural. She was startring to have second thoughts.
  "Everyone, this is Mitashi, Mitashi, my grandfather, father, Ayeka,
Sasami, Mihoshi, Kiyone, and Washu." He introduced them all respectively.
  "Pleased to meet you" Mitashi said in her overly breathy voice.
  "Grandpa, Mitashi has asked to board here."
  Katsuhito thought a moment, then nodded. "She may"
  Ayeka banged her saucer on the table and regally straightened. She glared
daggers at Tenchi, then at Mitashi. Seeing the jealous possession in her
eyes, Mitashi smiled, and sat a little closer to Tenchi than was strictly
proper. Of course, no one noticed, them being used to seeing Ryoko hang on
him all the time.
  Then seemingly from out of no where, another girl appeared. She smiled at
Tenchi, then saw Mitashi, and her gaze immediately chilled. "Who are you?"
  Mitashi opened her mouth to speak, but couldn't. This girl was absolutely
terrifying. Her beauty as well as her obvious strength. She was slightly
shorter than Mitashi, but her presence was astounding. She had strong, yet
delicate features, and a body that teenage boys' fantasies were made of. Her
eyes were the most stiking thing about her. They were sun-yellow, and shaped
like a cat's. She was by far the most gorgeous girl Mitashi had ever seen.
  "Ryoko, this is Mitashi" Ryoko nodded, then her head whipped around to
face the redhead, identified as Washu. It looked like they were having a
very heated conversation, but no words were exchanged. Suddenly Ryoko's eyes
widened and she turned to Tenchi with a tangible desperation.
  "Why are you letting her stay here? She'll try to take your love away from
me!" Tenchi had turned, so he didn't see the desperation turn to panic. But
everyone else did, and not even the outspoken Ayeka commented on this last
remark, which would have normally made her blood boil.
  "I've told you before, Ryoko, I am not in love with you or any of the
girls like that, and she has just as much right to be here as you.
  Ryoko snapped back in shock, as if someone had slapped her. There was a
collective gasp. Her powers failed her, and she had to run up the stairs
istead of fly or teleport. She slammed her door. The click of the lock was
audible in the deafening silence.
  Ryoko never locked her door.
  Tenchi said ignorantly. "What'd I say"

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>.

  Everyone fell to the floor, then got back up. Washu walked to the storage
closet, and a moment later a ceramic flower pot fell onto Tenchi's head from
thin air. And for good measure, one also fell onto Katsuhito's head. Tenchi
passed out, where as Katsuhito continued sipping his tea, dirt and chips
falling comically from his head.
  Washu came out of the 'storage closet' and walked up the stairs. Without a
bit of difficulty, she opened the door, and closed it quietly behind her.
When she turned around she was surprised to see her daughter laying on her
bed looking at the ceiling, not a single tear shed.
  Ryoko laughed bitterly, startling Washu. 'Oh, Did you forget this link
goes both ways?' she asked mentally. Out loud she said "I cried once, when I
was very young. Because Kagato made" her voice broke, then it firmed, "he
made me hurt Ryo-ohki with my energy sword. My punishment for defying him,
you see. When he saw me crying, he lashed me, and made it so my healing
process slowed. I still have the scar."
  "I'm...Sorry" Washu quietly approached and sat down on the side of the
bed.Ryoko barely acknowledged her.
  "For what? I know it wasn't your fault. You were trapped in that stasis
chamber, not even in the same dimension as me. But really, you're a
convenient scapegoat."
  "I-" Washu decided to follow her heart, "Ryoko, when I... had... you, I
gave you tear ducts for a reason"
  "Huh?" Ryoko looked bewildered.
  "So you could cry on my shoulder, if you needed to. I know I haven't been
there, but I am now. If you want me to be"
  "Oh, Kami, Mom-" Ryoko sat up, and five thousand <plus> years of torment
and tight control surged forth in a tsunami of raging emotions. The sobs
shook her entire frame. Washu pulled her daughter to her, magically an
adult, and let Ryoko cry on her shoulder. She made soothing sounds, and
could only hold on.
  Neither heard the door open slightly, then shut again. Tsunami in Sasami's
body, wore a disturbed expression. She could hide her thoughts but not her
sights from her young partner. So Sasami did see Ryoko's tears, but did not
feel the gentle, knowing smile that graced Tsunami's face. It was a smile
that knew everything would be fine.
  Sasami, was very upset when Tsunami left her. Never, not in a million
years, would she have ever thought to see her friend cry. She walked
resolutely down the stairs, to the kitchen, and grabbed a frying pan. She
walked to the dining room and wacked Tenchi a good one.
  "Ouch! What is this, mutiny? I've told her that before. And where's
Mitashi?"
  "She left saying something about this whole place being nuts, and she'd
rather die than board here" Mihoshi said helpfully. She cleaned up the
language quite a bit.
  "Tenchi"
  "Yes, Grandpa?"
  "You may have denied loving her before, but anyone could see that tonight
was for real. She was wearing her heart on her sleave, and you threw it to
the ground and stomped on it. I thought I had taught you to handle
situations with more finness than that. I would not be surprised if she up
and left tomorrow" Katsuhito said with utter calm, still sipping his tea.
  Tenchi paled, as he suddenly heard the sobs that shook the foundation of
the house, and his soul. They were shattered, utterly broken sounding.
Ryoko...leave? It was a foreign concept, and he couldn't imagine life
without her. She would never leave.
  But listening to the cries from upstairs, he wasn't so sure.
  "Tenchi" Sasami said solemnly, no longer angry at him. "You have a lot of
fixing to do"
  "I know Sasami. I know." And boy, did he.

It's not what you think! This really will be a romance, I promise. See what
Ryoko asks Washu to do in the next chapter. 'No Need For New Beginnings!' PS
This is OAV, as most can already tell, however some aspects of the tv series
will be randomly inserted.
