Title: "Scorp Series Episode 2: No Need for Insanity"
Author: Kyle Peck
E-mail: crazy_kyle_hw@yahoo.com
Disclaimer: Legal babbles.Tenchi Muyo! belongs to Pioneer. Your pants 
belong to Pioneer.
Author's notes: This is a regular fic. My second episode I have made.

The whole gang minus Mihoshi and Kiyone are sitting at the table 
surrounding another one of Sasami's eloquent meals. Scorp stands in the 
living room, staring out at the lake. 

Sasami leans over to Washu. "Hey, Washu, doesn't he eat anything?" 

Washu turns to look at Sasami. "Sometimes, but he usually just runs off 
his power cell."

Sasami looks through the doorway at the cyborg and smiles. "Well then 
does he cook?" 

Washu facefaults.

"Scorp Series Episode 2: No Need for Insanity"

After the meal, Sasami and Ayeka clean the dishes. Tenchi starts to go 
back to his room to try to finish repairing his project, Ryoko 
following him all the way. 

"Come on Tenchi, let's go play outside. You can do your silly project 
another time." 

Yosho begins to return to the shrine and Noboyuki goes into the living 
room to watch TV. 

"Hey, uh, Scorp is it? Do you watch any television?" The cyborg still 
stares blankly at the lake. "Ok then, uh, is there anything you do 
beside stand like a statue? Hehhehheh." The machine reaches with a 
large right hand and opens the sliding door leading outside, small 
sparks and a wisp of smoke billow from the machine's large head. 
Noboyuki looks surprised. "Eh? What's he doing?"
	
Ryo-ohki is outside resting on a rock when Scorp walks by, heading 
towards the lake.  

"Miya?" asked Ryo-ohki. 

Oblivious to the small cabbit, Scorp continues moving towards the lake 
where Ryo-oh's tree had grown to the height of about three feet. Each 
step closer seems to cause more smoke to sway from the top of his head. 
A few more sparks go off and he stops a few yards from the edge of the 
lake. "No, this is dangerous. Why haven't they noticed this before?" 
Something made a light popping noise in Scorp's ear and the machine 
opened the jumpjets across its back, soaring more than thirty feet into 
the air above the lake. "I must stop this." He levels both his hands 
and his large scorpion tail down at the lake. "They must be destroyed 
before they cause any harm to master!" 
	
Ryo-ohki miyad in concern and started bounding towards the house. 
"Miya, Miya!" 

Noboyuki looked up from his TV and looked outside at the figure 
hovering high above the lake. "What the?"

More smoke billowed from the cyborg's head and he laughed a maniacal 
laugh that rivaled that of Washu's
"End it, NOW!" At this moment all of his weapons fired down towards the 
lake. Two ruby beams from his arms and a large blue beam from his tail 
slid toward the lake, merging as they went. When the beams hit the 
water a large flash of light spread across the mountainside. 

Ryo-ohki is picked up by the blast and is thrown down on her face, 
knocking her unconscious. "Miya." 
	
The water of the lake seems to create a gigantic bubble and explodes in 
a quaking fury, spraying water high into the air. The cyborg looks down 
upon the waves and chuckles. "Mission accomplished." But to his horror, 
when the waves settled he realized that his attack didn't even knock a 
leaf off Ryo-oh's tree much less destroy the gamma disturbance 
resonating from the two drowned ships. "No." Suddenly the gamma rays 
get to Scorp's internal system filling him with radio broadcast and 
secure access transmissions. 

"Bzzt.currently the gangs in Tokyo have caused heavy police and 
civilian casualties.zzt.right now all efforts to stop the stolen 
military tank have been futile and the loss of two police 
officers.zap.an explosion rocked the Tokyo Tower today, officials say 
twenty were killed and thirty-five were injured."

The new relay of information was maddening for the machine. "No. 
make.it.stop!"

Everyone from the house was looking up at him from the front porch. 
Washu cried out. "Oh-no! What's wrong with him! He seems to be losing 
sensory control!" She pulls out her holocomputer and starts typing at 
some keys. "Oh my, it says there is an overdose of gamma radiation in 
his mind. It seems to have blown out the shield I put in place so he 
would not get an overload of radio transmissions and broadcasts!" 

Tenchi ran up beside Washu. "What does that mean, Washu?" 

Washu quickly typed some more keys on the holocomputer and a self-
destruct button popped up. "It means if we don't stop him now, he's 
going to go haywire!" As she is about to push the red and yellow 
button, her holocomputer smokes and explodes, covering the group in 
smoke and ash. Washu turned to the group. "This is bad, very, very 
bad."

The cyborg makes a clasp at his head and releases a scream of pure 
insanity. "Noooooo!"

Scorp targets all three of his weapons at the gate and a few seconds 
later it is reduced to glowing slag. After the glow settles he turns 
and heads towards the nearest city, Tokyo.

Washu quickly ran into the house yelling back over her shoulder. "I 
need to get the spare remote. It will shut him down but we have to get 
within twenty feet of him. One of you contact Kiyone and Mihoshi, we 
might need their help in this." Washu runs into her lab and grabs the 
small controller. "What a mess, something must still be activated on 
Ryo-oh and the original Ryo-ohki that is creating those radiation 
waves." She looks at the control. "That tail was meant to be used as a 
shield. How'd he get it to work as a weapon?" 

Tenchi had reached the communicator that Mihoshi left behind at the 
house since their last visit. "Come in, Kiyone, can you hear me?" 

Washu emerges from her lab with the control as Kiyone answers. "What is 
it Tenchi? What's the problem?" 

Washu grabs the communicator from Tenchi's hand. "Listen, Kiyone, you 
and Mihoshi have to go about a kilometer south of Tokyo. Scorp, the 
cyborg we told you about, has gone berserk and is heading that way. You 
must try to hold him off long enough for us to arrive there. If he 
makes it to Tokyo or if any of the humans see him then there could be 
trouble, you understand?" 

Kiyone's answer came hesitantly. "Right, we'll try our best as Galaxy 
Police officers." 

Mihoshi's protest can be heard through the mike but is cut off quickly. 
"Wha."
	
"Ok Tenchi, lets get the others and Ryo-ohki and hurry up. We don't 
have much time."
 
Ayeka looked up from where she was with the unconscious cabbit. "That 
might be a little bit of a problem, Ryo-ohki has been knocked out." 

Washu sighed and took out a bucket of cold water from behind her back. 
"No problem." She splashed the water onto Ryo-ohki and the startled, 
cold, and wet cabbit came-to. Washu snickered. "Ok, let's go."

***********************************************************************
***************
	
Kiyone and Mihoshi were standing in the middle of a field about one 
kilometer from Tokyo. Mihoshi was behind Kiyone crying buckets. All 
Kiyone was doing was watching her communicator; beads of sweat forming 
at her brow. "Washu said the cyborg would come this way." Suddenly a 
large explosion was heard and a nearby farmhouse was reduced to rubble. 
"There!" shouted Kiyone as she pointed to a black dot in the sky.

"Mihoshi, quick! Fire at it with your blaster." 

Mihoshi, still in tears, began shooting along with Kiyone, who was 
rushing towards the mechanical nightmare. Scorp was about to head on 
his way when the blaster fire hit his left shoulder, sending small 
chunks of armor chipping towards the ground.

"How dare they interfere. I must destroy them! Destroy them ALL!" At 
this he raised one of his arm lasers towards Kiyone, while bringing up 
the shield contained in his tail. Before his shield becomes full, she 
hits him again in the right leg with the blaster, spinning the machine 
a bit to the right, causing him to fire a few inches off his target of 
Kiyone. The force from the blast sent Kiyone stumbling, landing on her 
face in a pile of rocks. 

Mihoshi yelled out from far away. "Kiyone! Get up Kiyone! Please!" 
Kiyone struggled to get up, a large gash was cut across her forehead 
and it was bleeding heavily.
	
Scorp lowered himself to just a few yards over Kiyone. "Now you die for 
your insolence, Galaxy Police Officer Kiyone!" Aiming his duo lasers 
directly at her body Kiyone could do nothing but gasp. As the light 
from the coils within his weapons began to glow, Kiyone's life seemed 
to flash before her very eyes. Light flashed from the cyborg's lasers 
then everything went black.
	
"Kiyone! No!" Mihoshi yelled as she dived for her partner rolling 
themselves just out of the laser's blast, but then getting knocked 
around by the force of the attack.

"FOOL!" yelled the machine. "You only have succeeded in delaying the 
inevitable! Now you will die a slow and agonizing death!" The cyborg 
dropped his shield and prepared to toast the two with the large laser 
particle cannon mounted in his tail. "And now.now it all ends!" As the 
beam from his tail charged up, a large red beam from behind him caught 
him in the back, blasting him far off and slamming him into the ground. 
Large shards of armor lay where the laser had dragged the cyborg. 

Spaceship Ryo-ohki appeared over the horizon. "Miya!"

"Yay!" shouted Mihoshi, sitting up with almost all her strength. "We're 
saved, Kiyone!"

***********************************************************************
***************

Later, everyone was sitting around the table in the Masaki house. 
Tenchi was one of the first to speak. "You had a very close call there 
Kiyone. I hate to admit it, but if it weren't for Mihoshi you would be 
a pothole in that field right now." 

Kiyone blushed, hardly noticeable against the large bandages covering 
the stitches in her forehead. "Yeah well."

Mihoshi interrupted her. "That's right, cause we two are the best 
partners in the galaxy, partners forever is what I always say." 

Kiyone sighed and said to herself. <Maybe I would be better off dead, 
or at least in a coma. >

Tenchi then turned to Washu. "Hey, Little Washu, What happened to 
Ky.err.Scorp?" 

Washu looked up from her tea. "Well, I first had to strip him of his 
weapons, shield included. It was easy because he was in pretty bad 
shape from Ryo-ohki's attack so he had already lost the tail and his 
left laser." 

Tenchi still seemed curious. "Well, where is he now?" 

Washu frowned slightly. "I decided he wasn't ready for this world yet, 
so I put him under cryogenic hibernation. I did, of course replace the 
transmission shield. And the radiation emanating from Ryo-oh and the 
original Ryo-ohki has been shut off. " 

Everyone released a sigh of relief. 

***********************************************************************
***************

Deep in Washu's lab a blue cryogenic tank with the torn up 6'6 cyborg 
sat in a wired corner of the dimension. <Well. > Scorp thought to 
himself. <Maybe Washu is right. Maybe my time has not yet come. For the 
time being, I'll remain here and when master feels the time is right 
she will repair me. She may not replace my weapons, but that is merely 
her precaution. > Sad classical music can be heard playing from the 
capsule, ringing out throughout the lab.

The End

Preview of next episode: Next time, another one of Washu's inventions 
in progress breaks down, creating dark entities of Washu and the rest 
of the gang. Who will be able to stop these evil monsters? Find out in 
"Scorp Series Episode 3: No Need for Sacrifices". 

Author's note: I hope my first series will please you all. Sorry for my 
butchering of the English language.
Final thought: Any comments/complaints send them to 
crazy_kyle_hw@yahoo.com. Cars also accepted. 

 
	
	 
	  
	         
