Title: "Scorp Series Episode 3: No need for Sacrifices"
Author: Kyle Peck
E-mail: crazy_kyle_hw@yahoo.com
Disclaimer: Legal babbles.Tenchi Muyo! belongs to Pioneer. Your wife 
belongs to Pioneer.
Author's notes: This is a regular fic. My third episode I have made. 
This beginning sounds familiar.

The cryogenic capsule containing the 6'6 slightly damaged cyborg 
continues to play its classical music. Washu looks up from her 
holocomputer and turns in the general direction of the capsule.

"Would you please stop that! I'll finish repairing you as soon as I'm 
done with this projection cannon, alright!" 

The music stops and Scorp replies with the speakers of the capsule 
hooked up to his mind. "Yes, master." 

Washu sighs in exasperation. "And don't call me master. Yet." 

A moment of silence passes. "Yes, master."
	
After rolling her eyes she turns back to the cannon. "Ok then, let's 
test this thing out." 

The two puppets pop out on her shoulders. "Go, Washu!" "It's gonna work 
Washu!" 

Washu presses the start button on the machine. The large hulk of metal 
hums to life and a few parts of it begin shaking. "Ok then, let's test 
it on.hmm.this chair would be nice." A metal chair appears out in front 
of the projection cannon. As Washu continues typing at the control 
panel the weapon begins to hum louder. "Ok, FIRE!" Washu presses a dark 
red button on the cannon and the chair is instantly phased into 
nothingness. 

"Scorp Series Episode 3: No Need for Sacrifices"

Washu jumped up and began celebrating. "Hooray! It works! I, the super 
genius of the universe, have done it again." 

The cyborg smiled within. "Congratulations, master Washu." 

Washu turned on her heels to look at Scorp. "Well, what did you expect. 
I am the greatest scientist the universe has ever known."
	
Washu was too busy praising herself in front of Scorp to realize the 
smoke billowing from her machine. Sniffing the air a moment later she 
takes account the smell of smoke. "What the?" Washu turns just in time 
to see her machine explode, knocking her back against the cryogenic 
capsule and unconscious.

"Master Washu!" yelled the machine. He tried to move but the extreme 
cold inside the unit had frozen all of his bodily motor systems.

In the middle of the rubble of the machine, small balls of electric 
light floated into the air. Two of the balls hovered over to where 
Washu was laid out, unconscious, and the helpless, slightly damaged 
cyborg was stuck in the cryogenic freezer. The first ball floated real 
low to Washu, and with a quick motion went into Washu's chest. 

"No!" Scorp yelled and tried to move but the power of the cold held him 
in check. 

A gasping sound could be heard from the scientist and the ball of light 
emerges once again. After making a shrill sound it began to take form. 
The cyborg watched helplessly as the light turned dark and then grew to 
the height of Washu. It formed hair and clothing similar to Washu's and 
when it is completed the monster opens it's eyes, revealing a bright 
red glow.
	
After the transforming stopped the real Washu began to stir on the 
floor. The dark entity version of Washu looks down upon the genius and 
kicks her in the back. 

Scorp cries out as he watches his master skid across the lab floor and 
run into another one of her machines. "No! Stop!"

The evil Washu turned her gaze to the machine trapped in the cryogenic 
container. She nods to the other balls of light and they leave and head 
out of the lab and into the house. One of the other balls of light 
stays behind and hovers around the cryogenic capsule. After the evil 
Washu nods, the ball plunges itself into the glass and starts to dig 
deeper into the ice. Scorp can only watch as the energy ball gets 
closer and closer. As the ball reaches the last few centimeters of ice 
separating it from the cyborg, it stops.

<What the? > Wondered Scorp. Even the evil Washu seemed surprised. The 
little ball had frozen to death within the cryogenic fluid. The cyborg 
starts to laugh but the notion is quickly quashed when he sees the evil 
Washu hold up some cable wire. The dark entity smiles as it clutches 
its hands around the wires leading to the capsule and with a quick jerk 
she pulls them from the machine.
	
Scorp's eyes widen. "What? No!" His mind slowly starts to shut down as 
the life-support systems fail. The last thing he sees is the dark 
entity turning and walking over to the unconscious Washu. "No. Washu." 
Suddenly the cyborg's world goes black.

***********************************************************************
***************

He seems to wake up. Scorp opens his eyes and looks around. He can 
barely see anything a few yards ahead of him; the rest of this world is 
completely black. "Where am I? Is this a dream?" He turns to a bright 
flash and sees Washu. He falls to his knees. He is surprised that he 
can even move. He bows his head to Washu.  "Master, where are we? What 
are we doing here?"

Washu stared at him. Her face is pale. 
	
"Master Washu, what is wrong?" The cyborg looks at the childlike 
scientist. His blue human eyes begin to tear up. "Master, please 
answer."

The pale figure suddenly seems to rot away to a pile of dust, dark 
blood pours from every opening. A ghostly wail seems to escape from the 
lips of the corpse as it deteriorates. Scorp jumps to his feet and 
takes a few steps backwards. "What? No! It can't be real. It can't!" He 
stumbles over something on the dark floor, causing him to land on his 
back. The cyborg looks down towards where the object lay. There was a 
piece of clothing. The piece didn't seem empty, though, and Scorp moved 
closer to it for further inspection. As he neared it he saw what looked 
like a person inside. "Ryoko. Is that you Ryoko?" He reaches out with 
his hand and turns the body over. His human side near jumped out of its 
mechanical shell. "Oh my god.no." 

The face stared at him with empty eye sockets. Worms seethed from 
gaping holes in the flesh. On further inspection Scorp saw a large 
blast wound that seemed to have went through her chest. "But this is 
one of Ryoko's attacks." The machine stood to his feet and when he 
looked up he saw that he was no longer in the dark world but in the 
field outside the Masaki home. When he looked around he saw that the 
vegetable garden had been reduced to a smoking crater. In the middle of 
which lied the corpses of Sasami and Ryo-ohki. Parts of guardian 
Kamadake lie scattered around the crater. Apparently he too was 
destroyed by one of his own attacks. <They were going to try to get 
away on ship Ryo-ohki. >

"What.what is going on here?" Scorp turns from the scene and runs back 
towards the house. On his way he happens to look out to the lake. Ryo-
oh's tree has been destroyed and by the lakeside lie the pieces of 
guardian Azaka along with a corpse nearby.  Scorp realized who the 
other corpse was. The bodies regal clothing still smoked, strands of 
purple hair were burning, the face twisted into an expression of utter 
terror. "She was begging for mercy."

Scorp burst through the house door. "Anyone here!" He answered his own 
question when he saw the burnt bodies of Noboyuki and Mihoshi (Is this 
a bad thing?) lying in the middle of the living room. Scorp thanks his 
maker, Washu, that he does not have the sense of smell. He walked 
throughout the house and came to a large section of the wall that had 
been destroyed. "Hmm. I wonder which Ryoko did this one."
	
He looked out of the hole and saw the shrine. It was ablaze along with 
most of the surrounding forest. "Scanners show the lifeless bio for 
Tenchi, Katsuhito, and Kiyone. Wreckage of Yagami also detected. "Those 
three and Ryoko seemed to put up the greatest fight. Speaking of Ryoko, 
where is she? I haven't seen her yet." He walks through the hole and 
begins to head toward the shrine. When he reaches the bottom of the 
stairs he sees a puddle of blood. It was also splattered across the 
first few steps. The victim seemed to have then been dragged into the 
woods indicated by the trail of blood. Scorp follows the trail a few 
yards into the forest. When he nears the end he sees the familiar cyan 
hair of Ryoko. She is sitting down against a tree. "Ryoko, it's you." 

The space pirate looks up at the cyborg. Tears stream down her face. 
She is clutching her arm around her chest. The cyborg kneeled by her 
side. "What happened?" 
	
"They killed us.killed us all." Her words come out strained and her 
breath is short. The cyborg takes out the medical supply he holds in a 
compartment at his side. "I.couldn't save him." The tears on Ryoko's 
face grew darker. They were replaced by blood. "I.I tried but all." she 
weakly points to another figure across from them. It is one of the dark 
entities the same shape and height of Ryoko. "That was all. I could 
do."

"Ryoko, you must calm down, you have been wounded." Scorp starts taking 
out some gauze from the kit. "I'll have you fixed up in no time. I 
promise." 

Ryoko's eyes seemed to soften but then they grow wide with terror as 
she looks past Scorp. The blood tears stream down her face. Scorp also 
looks up and sees past Ryoko three pairs of glowing red eyes. He turns 
and sees another three behind him.

"That's.them." Gasps Ryoko. "They." 

"Stay calm Ryoko. You must." He turns to the pairs of red eyes as four 
more join the group. He stands in front of Ryoko. "It seems all of them 
are here except the dark Ryo-ohki."

Suddenly a sound of a laser blast is heard and two lasers shoot out 
through the tree and through Ryoko's head, exiting at the eyes. The now 
lifeless body falls to the side.
 
Scorp cries out as the lasers go through the back of his legs, knocking 
him to the ground. He lands looking at the smoking body of Ryoko.

"Ryoko, not you too. They're all dead.all of them." He looks up as he 
watches the pairs of red eyes merge with each other and form a large 
pair. "What?" Scorp had barely any time before a large beam flashed 
from its eyes and headed straight towards him.
	
Then, as the world around him got brighter, he remembered a lesson 
Washu taught him. 

"Now my son, remember, a dream may seem like a long time, but in the 
real world it only takes a couple of seconds for one to pass." 

The laser beam rushed towards his head. ".seconds."

***********************************************************************
***************

"Noo!" Scorp punches through the ten layers of cryogenic fluid and his 
metal fist impacts with the glass, shattering the capsule. The dark 
entity of Washu turns to look at the source of the noise, stopping a 
few feet away from the real Washu. The evil Washu only has time to see 
two brightly glowing white eyes before being picked up off the ground 
and held in the cyborg's mighty grip. She. No, it, is surprised at his 
amazing strength. Just seconds ago this was a damaged machine dying in 
a cryogenic capsule. Now it held her around the waist with one hand and 
held one side of evil Washu's face with the other. Scorp released a cry 
of pure hatred and with a sickening pop broke the neck of the 
struggling entity and tore the head clean off. He let both the body and 
the head drop to the floor and watches as the red eyes fade out. 
	
Scorp's eyes dimmed back down to their normal blue color and he walked 
over to the real Washu. "Are you alright Washu?" He holds out a black-
blood drenched hand to the scientist and she slowly takes it in return. 

Washu winces as she stands up. "It must have some broken ribs or 
something." She slightly struggles for breath. "Listen, those balls of 
light can't take your form after they've already done it or already 
tried. We can't be copied anymore now because of those reasons." She 
takes in a deep breath. "You must stop them before they take on the 
identity of the others. I'll see what I can do from here." Her 
holocomputer opens up and she types a few keys. "Ok I've turned on your 
cutting laser. That is the only weapon I had remain and you didn't seem 
to know about it."

"Affirmative." A new flood of information about the weapon reaches 
Scorp's mind. "I will stop them." 

Washu waves him off with her open hand. "Then get going!"

Scorp runs to the door of the lab. Looking out the small window he sees 
the evil Noboyuki guarding the door. "I hope I'm not too late." He aims 
the laser at the top of the door and activates it quickly swiping 
downward cutting the door, the wall beyond, and the evil Noboyuki in 
half. He kicks down the door and sees dark blood splattered around the 
hallway and two neatly cut halves of the dark entity. He walks out into 
the hall and is greeted by two lasers. One hits him in the leg and the 
other goes long above his head. The evil Mihoshi and Kiyone are 
standing in the living room guarding the real Mihoshi and Noboyuki.    
With another quick reflex Scorp fires the cutting laser and it 
penetrates the evil Kiyone's head sending dark blood all over the two 
hostages and the TV set. The dark entity of Mihoshi looked at her 
fallen partner.

"You're next, scumbag." Scorp's eyes turn a bright white. The evil 
Mihoshi turns and starts to run for the door. She hardly makes it a few 
feet. The cutting laser claims another victim. Cutting the torso off in 
a v-shape fashion. "I won't let a single one of you escape." 

Suddenly an explosion was heard from the shrine. He turns to Mihoshi 
and Noboyuki. "You two get into Washu's lab. You'll be safe there." The 
cyborg runs out the door and to the shrine. On his way he stops and 
sees Ryoko finish off the dark version of her. She then slumps against 
a nearby tree, leaving a trail of blood along the bark. 

"Gotya sucker." Ryoko let out a pained smirk. 

Scorp realizes Noboyuki following him. 

"Noboyuki, take Ryoko to Washu's lab. Now!" Noboyuki runs to Ryoko and 
lifts her up with a struggle then turns and slowly heads back to the 
house. Scorp starts to run up the steps. "Wish I still had my jet 
pack." The cyborg sees Ayeka, Sasami, Ryo-ohki, Azaka and Kamadake 
running down the steps. The evil Azaka and Kamadake follow them. Scorp 
rushes past the groups of his friends and sets out his arms 
'clothesline' fashion. The evil guardians are shattered to pieces as 
they impact with the fists. "They'll be in hell for thirty seconds 
before they realize what hit them." He mutters to himself. He stops and 
yells back down the steps. "Get into the house and go to Washu's lab!"

"Alright!" Ayeka yells back. 

At the top of the steps he sees Kiyone, Tenchi, and Katsuhito facing 
off against the evil Tenchi, Katsuhito, Ayeka, Sasami, and Ryo-ohki. 
They don't notice the cyborg behind them. 

"Tenchi." Spoke Katsuhito. "We are outnumbered but we need to try to 
destroy as many as we can." His glasses shined in the moonlight. 

Scorp steps between Kiyone and Tenchi then walks into the middle of the 
two groups. Kiyone looks at the cyborg, confused. "Scorp get out of 
there, you know you have no weapons!"

The machine turns to Kiyone. "You'll be surprised." Just then the evil 
Ryo-ohki jumps toward the cyborg. 

"Miyaaa!" 

It takes less than half a second for Scorp to incinerate the beast with 
the cutting laser. Everyone, dark entities included, stare at Scorp in 
disbelief. The machine stands there, his metallic armor reflecting the 
moon's light, his eyes glowing brightly. "I saw what your kind would do 
here, the pain and suffering you would cause. I won't let that happen!" 

The dark entities glare at the cyborg and turn to each other.

Scorp wonders what they are doing. "What could they be up to?" He turns 
to Kiyone, Tenchi, and Katsuhito. "You three better get out of here. 
The others are in Washu's lab."

"Ok." replies Kiyone. "Be careful Scorp."

Scorp smiles his half-human smile. "Affirmative." He turns back to 
watch the evil versions of the others start to form together. "I hope 
they are gone by the time it happens." He looks over his back to see if 
everyone is in or heading to the house, but turns back to the entities 
when they meld completely. The figure is at first a formless blob but 
then it takes shape. It rears its head, eyes glowing red like fire. Its 
height rivals that of Scorp's. Massive claws sprout from the demon's 
hands and feet while long black teeth jut from the monstrosity's mouth.

Scorp gets set for battle. The monster finishes and beckons the cyborg 
to attack.

Without hesitation Scorp fires his cutting laser at the beast. The beam 
hits but, to his surprise, merely bounces off, narrowly hitting Scorp's 
torso. 

"Oh-no." 

The monster bellows and starts to charge at the cyborg. Scorp jumps up 
and tries to avoid the attack but is caught in mid-air and slammed back 
down into the stone ground. The cyborg coughs out blood as he hits. The 
monster holds him to the ground; it's claws closing tightly around the 
cyborg's body. Scorp fires his cutting laser repeatedly into the 
demon's face to no avail.

"Now what to do.yes that is it." He looks back and sees Kiyone go into 
the house, shutting the door behind her. "Ok they're safe now. Get 
ready to die monster." 

Scorp begins to focus his energy to a special device in his armor. He 
starts laughing as the armor plates begin to glow brighter, even as the 
dark monster crushes most of his ribcage. Scorp's eyes go completely 
blank and before the monster realizes what is happening it is too late. 
Scorp continues laughing as his entire set of armor explodes in a 
chaotic fury. The demon is enveloped in the blast and disintegrates 
before Scorp's eyes.

A few seconds after the bright flash of light while Kiyone looks out 
the window, she sees Scorp's body land at the bottom of the steps. "Oh 
my god!" She opens the door and they all run out to the cyborg's 
smoking body. His entire armor had been shredded off from the attack, 
leaving his circuitry exposed, his left arm was torn off completely and 
some portions of his head were either blasted away or badly burnt. 
Washu pushes through the group and kneels at Scorp's side.

"Scorp, are you alright?" She asked hopefully.

The machine's now blue eyes looked up at Washu. " Considering I'm 
miss.missing a few limbs.better than.than I'll ever be.Master Washu."

Washu smiles. "Please, just call me Washu."

The human side of the cyborg's face smiled. "Yes, Washu."

***********************************************************************
***************

The classical music is now heard in Washu's lab again. Scorp lies on a 
lab table surrounded by machinery of all sorts. Washu works on him 
constantly. <Why did I have to choose someone who likes classical 
music? > "Phew. You were easy to build but don't ever get damaged again 
like this, it's a pain. Especially with these broken ribs." 

"Ye.Yes Washu."

Washu claps her hands. " Oh I'm a genius. One day, my pet, you and I 
will take over the universe together."

Washu turns to make sure Ryoko didn't hear that. The cyan-haired space 
pirate was lying down on another table. Her chest was wrapped with 
gauze, which covered over the stitches across her chest. She was fast 
asleep.

Scorp smiled inwardly at the thought. "Maybe one day, Master Washu." He 
sighed to himself as he shut down for the long months of repairs and 
rehabilitation that lay ahead. <Maybe one day. >

The End 

Preview of next series: Next series, Scorp is back in function with a 
new array of gadgetry. Washu decides that the time is now to start her 
takeover of the universe. What will happen? Will they be stopped? Will 
they stop themselves? Find out in the next series.Washu's Universal 
Takeover.

Author's note: I hope my first series has pleased you all. Sorry for my 
butchering of the English language.
Final thought: Any comments/complaints send them to 
crazy_kyle_hw@yahoo.com. Friends also accepted. 
P.S.: If you feel like it, go ahead and MST my writings. I enjoy a 
little humor in my life. 




      
	    


