Legal Disclaimer-OK don't sue me!  I don't own the very large majority of
these characters.  (about all I know about the people that do, is that they
are Japanese) I love Ayeka, and all of the gang, (but Ayeka and Kiyone the
most out of the girls) and I don't want to take away from them.  PLEASE
DON'T
SUE ME!  I'm broke anyway.  Ryakami is (c) of Ashli Gibson.  Don't take her.
If you do, can you say 'LAWSUIT?'  So here's the story.

Shaken: A Wolf In Sheep's Clothing - Chapter II - And His Name Was Kagato

He walked in the room.  She couldn't hear him.  She had been in a coma for a
week now.
    "Ayeka, if you can hear me, I want to say I love you."  Ayeka was
fighting for her life.  She barely cracked her eyelid.  YES!  She was out of
it.  "Nurse!  She is awake!"  Tenchi smiled at his wife.
    "Lord Tenchi, I must confess.  I am true to my heart, and I killed them,
as my heart told me too."  Ayeka started coughing up blood.  Tenchi's eyes
went wide with fear.
    "But why?  I thought you won."  The look in her eyes said it all.
Anger.
 Anger for what?  He had to know.  "I love you Ayeka.  I shall never believe
what you just told me."
    "Mr. Masaki?  She's fine.  I have good news.  You're going to be a
father!  It's a baby girl."  The nurse was smiling cheerfully.  She left the
room to allow them some privacy.  Ayeka was in a window, losing the fight
for
life.  But she was the one who did this.  Tenchi just didn't want to see it.
    "Where is Ryakami?"  She said as she coughed up more blood.  Suddenly,
there was a knock on the door.  KNOCK KNOCK!  Ayeka smiled.  "It's him.  The
man I truly love!"  Dumbfounded, Tenchi helplessly opened the door.  In
stepped Kagato.
    "Ah, my love.  How are you?"  Kagato handed her a bouquet of flowers.
Ayeka closed her eyes.  "When I found out you were in a coma, I rushed down
here saying to myself 'If anything happens, I won't be able to live with
myself.'  I love you, Ayeka.  I shall always love you.  We shall be stars in
the sky TOGETHER!  FOREVER!"  Tenchi could only stare.  Kagato turned to
him.
 "You see, fool, the girl you love is true to me!"  A soft, silver tear
rolled down Ayeka's face.  She nodded.  "If you ever want to see her, take
those *ships* of yours and go to Saturn.  We shall meet you there." said
Kagato as he disappeared with an unconscious Ayeka in his arms.
    "AYEKA!"  Tenchi sat on the floor crying his eyes out.  "It's all my
fault.  I should have protected her."  Mihoshi came in and asked what went
on
in here.  She had heard Kagato's voice.  "Get Ryo-Ohki.  Yagami.  We are
going to Saturn."  And so, they went.  In the rings of Saturn, Kiyone
spotted
Soja.  Aboard the Soja, Tenchi was dressed in full-battle gear.  He had
Tenchi-ken, and was ready to find his wife.  She had to be true to him over
that monster.  Meanwhile, in another part of the ship, Ayeka hung on a wall.
Blood stained her white wedding dress.  This was the real Ayeka.  You see,
to
make the story more heart-pounding, I left out the original beginning.
Kagato had kidnapped Ayeka, and created a mirror.  This wasn't the mirror,
while he had the mirror in a cell that would be easy for Tenchi to find.
So,
therefore, the killings were by the mirror, which was controlled by Kagato.
I sound like Washu don't I?  Well, I'm done so we'll go back to the story.
    "You will be true to me, Ayeka.  I love you."  A tear slid silently down
Kagato's cheek.
    "So far away.  That's where you are in my world.  Your heart is icy
cold.
 You care nothing for me.  You've tortured my by making me watch that dang
mirror kill my friends.  I know her next target is my husband."  Ayeka had
fire in her eyes.  Kagato stared at her.
    "I will kill you,"  he said.  She waited untill Tenchi finally found
them.  Ayeke/Mirror was with them.  When Tenchi saw the real Ayeka, he was
confused.
    "Ayeka!  But you're with me?  How?"  Tenchi was really confused.  He
looked from Ayeka to the mirror.  Ayeka.  Mirror.  Back and forth.  Finally,
Ayeka gathered the strength to say,
    "Tenchi!  Go!  He will kill me!  And you, too!  Go and let him take me
only!"
    "NO!  I will not let him take the life of my wife."  Ayeka was snapping
the chains that held her.  She was soon free.  She saw Kagato attack Tenchi,
and lept in front of the attack.  Her eyes showed no emotion.  The "dead"
people appeared, for their mirrors had been killed.  Ryakami stood there.
    "MOTHER!  Please!  Hold on!"  She ran toward me.  She carefully worked
with my wounds.  Kagato attacked Tenchi, and Ayeka took the attack again.
Kagato looked at Ryakami and Ayeka, grabbed them and threatened to kill
them.
 Everyone went back to Yagami or it was their lives.  They did as told.
Kagato turned to Ryakami when it was the
three of them.
    "You are a mirror!  My creation!" and with that, he destroyed Ryakami.
Ayeka was all alone with this beast.  "And now, tell me the secret of
Jurai!"
 Kagato was dying to know.  He had tangeled with them time and time again.
So, he would do anything to get that information...

So concludes Chapter II of Shaken.  Untill next time!  Kyaku
Coments?  Questions?  Flames?  E-Mail them to Kyaku2k@cs.com
