Mr.Santos (latinvenom2k1@aol.com) 
Regular 
Shogun Muyo: Chapter 5- The Princess Diaries 
A lonely heart writes her sorrows on paper  
 
Disclaimer- I do not own Tenchi Muyo or any of it's characters. They 
belong to Pioneer and AIC. I make no profit in writing this fic. 
 
Shogun Muyo: Chapter 5 - The Princess Diaries 


The journal of Ayeka Jurai: Day 1-Entry 1

Hello journal. It has been a very difficult time for me. 

Merely a handful of days ago, I was enjoying the comfort of a soft bed, the 
refreshing feel of an onsen, and a house full of people that never stopped 
surprising me. What held my spirits up the most was the chance to see my beloved 
Tenchi everyday. His gentleness and caring has given me emotions that I can 
hardly manage to control by myself. If only I had the determination to actually 
confess these feelings... but I am happy with his mere presence. Everything 
seemed to fit together, and I was happy. But all that changed the morning that 
Ryoko and myself decided to settle the score between us once and for all.

It all started as childish and as immature as all of our other skirmishes. When 
I walked down those stairs and saw Ryoko eating my personal favorite plate, I 
had written it off was excusable. I should have just walked away then and there. 
But no, I had to stay and argue with that woman. I guess I am to blame in a 
sense, but I wouldn't have let it escalate as high as it did if that woman had 
not said those lies about Tenchi. To mock me and my heritage is one thing, but 
to use the only sense of love I have felt in years against me is simply too 
much. Well, all that accomplished was getting Tenchi upset at me, and nearly got 
Sasami injured. Not to mention the fact that I am now here...wherever this is.

I see now that if we had never fought that day, Tenchi wouldn't have been upset, 
I wouldn't have had to go comfort him, and I wouldn't have been transported 
here. How hellish it has been for me. I've already had to commit acts that will 
haunt me or my days. And I have a strange feeling that this is only the 
beginning....   


After I awoke from my unconscious state, I found myself locked away here, in 
this cell. In fact, there are several cells in this part of...wherever I am. I 
think it's supposed to be where they keep criminals and the like. I can tell 
that I'm in a huge complex of some kind, though I'm not sure what. There are 
other women who are also locked away in their own cells. I can hear some of 
their cries, but most just keep quiet, silently giving up I suppose.

I sit here in this small cell, just big enough for myself, a bed, and a toilet. 
It is very dark in here, as well as very chilly. I am thankful though, that my 
cell is clean. At least I don't have to worry about diseases and bacteria 
running about. I don't know if I can say the same about the others though..

>From what I can tell, this place is made up of two rows of cells on either side,
facing each other. When you look ahead, all you see is another prisoner in 
another cell. There's a hallway that separates us, I assume to allow the guards 
to walk freely.  I'm not sure why I'm writing in this, but with nothing to do in 
here but wait to be fed, anything is worth trying. It seems that all I'm 
supposed to do is twiddle my thumbs and wait.

After a few hours to deliberate my current state, the guards came in with yet 
another woman. She came in struggling and almost managed to escape. It was 
impressive how she was able to injure so many guards, and with no weapon at 
that. Alas, she was greatly outnumbered, and suffered the same fate as the rest 
of us. She was placed in the cell across from mine. Though the light here is 
dimmed, we're able to look at each other, and see each other's actions. She 
seemed to be very young, maybe a year or two younger than myself. I guess it's 
pointless to ask now.

Although she fought until the guards overpowered her, when she looked at me I
didn't see the look of ferocity that I was expecting. Instead, she softened her
expression and gave me a sly smile. In fact, it is because of her that I have 
you right now, Mr. Journal. Well, I know you're actually a bunch of pages taped 
together, but I still consider you my journal. She passed one of these booklets 
to me, sliding it from her cell through my bars. I'm surprised that it made it 
in such good condition, as these bars are seemingly made of pure energy. There 
glow remind me of my current position. Attached to it was a small letter saying 
something about " to help stay sane." I nodded in gratitude, and she sort of 
winked at me.

You may wonder how I can be so calm in this type of situation, but I say it's 
quite simple. I know that my Tenchi will come for me. Him and the others will 
come, and then we will be able to return home. I will forget all about this 
nightmare. Yes, he will come, we will be reunited and he will realize who it is 
he truly loves. It will be a grand wedding.

Oh my, got a little ahead of myself there. Well, the guards are shutting the 
lights off now. Until tomorrow.

The journal of Ayeka Jurai: Day 2- Entry 2

I saw him today. That man who I know brought me here. He's so tall that I 
couldn't see his face from my cell. He was pacing back and forth between the 
cages. He walked past mine several times. I shivered with each step he took. He 
didn't say anything to us, he just walked, and looked. He went to the woman 
across from me, and made a gesture of some sort and she spat at him. How 
relieved I felt that at least someone had the courage I didn't. He laughed, 
turned, and noticed my own cell. When he crouched to look at me, I saw 
emptiness. His eyes bore no reason, just emptiness, like a black hole. He smiled 
at me, but a smile with no warmth, only wickedness. I could tell he was just 
trying to intimidate me, so I spat at him. He laughed again. A creeping, evil 
laugh. How sick his mind must work. When he finally left, my new companion 
smiled and nodded at me, reassuring my actions. For the first time in a while, I 
felt good.

Day 2- Entry 3

I looked up at the woman across from me after receiving my breakfast. Not an 
incredibly satisfying meal, but just enough so that I may live. Her eyes were 
hard to read. She looked down at her hands, as if expecting them to speak. She 
sat on her knees, facing my direction. She was mumbling something. I couldn't 
hear what though. This went on for a little while. Then, the light surrounding 
her actually seemed to brighten a shade of red and outline her figure. I think 
my eyes were playing tricks on me. I could have sworn that her hair changed 
color as well. Of course, it's so dark in here that I can't really tell. I was 
almost hypnotized by her motions. I must already be going crazy. Her hands 
shook, and she clenched them. She raised her head and realized that I had been 
watching the whole time. She only smiled, was she slightly embarrassed? I think 
she was trying to comfort me. She stood and walked until the glow of the bars 
stopped her. The light illuminated her form, which was previously covered in 
shadow.

I don't know how I failed to notice earlier, but she had striking white hair 
that came to the center of her back. Judging by the conditioning of her body, I 
think she was an athlete of some sort. She placed her hand on her chest and said 
"Mireya." Was this her name? Some sort of codeword? I reacted the only way I 
could. I placed a hand over my own chest and said "Ayeka." She smiled again. How 
comforting her smile is. Afterwards, she went back to her bed, and fell asleep.

That's when he came back.

He went into one of the girl's cells. It was impossible to see what he was 
doing, but her screams filled up the blanks. I could hear her screaming for him 
to stop. but that laugh.. I swear it echoed throughout my soul. Oh, how she 
cried.. I pressed my palms to my ears so I wouldn't be able to listen, but it 
was inescapable. I don't know how long this went on. My tears were my only 
comfort today. Poor girl. She finished struggling, or maybe he killed her, I'm 
not sure which, but the screaming stopped. All that was left was his damnable 
cackle. It taunted me, stabbed at me as if he directed it at me.

Mireya's face frightened me as I looked upon it. I guess from her vantage point 
she was able to see what he was doing. Her face seemed so full of disgust, and 
anger. The glow returned to her form. At least I wasn't hallucinating. Her teeth 
were exposed for a few moments before she yelled for him to stop. I'm surprised 
that her lungs had that type of capacity. Her voice filled the entire corridor, 
silencing everyone.

He stopped, finally, and walked in front of my cell. He crouched down to look at
me, and licked his lips. He turned and looked at Mireya. She seemed to make a 
noise with her throat, I think she was actually growling at him. He left after 
that.

Low sobs filled our corridors after he left. A dread loomed around us all. It 
was as if he was saying that at anytime, anyone of us could be next. I...I'm 
frightened, but Tenchi will come though...I know it..

Day 3 Entry -4

What a horrible dream. I dreamt that I was alone and naked, covered in snakes. 
My hands and feet were bounded. I struggled with myself to move, even an inch, 
but I couldn't.  I have never felt so helpless. Ever. They slithered all over my 
body, and felt cold on my skin. One flicked his tongue centimeters from my face 
while another wrapped itself around my neck, preventing me from screaming. I 
awoke as one began to enter my womb.

It seems that all I am doing nowadays is crying. 

I wonder how everyone is doing back home. I hope Sasami isn't too worried about 
me. That girl has much too many worries as it is. Yes, I even wonder about that 
devil-woman too. She's probably skanking herself to Lord Tenchi right now as I 
write this. But I'm not concerned about that. Tenchi would never succumb to her 
seductions. And soon, soon he will come.....any day now.

With nothing else to do here, I pass the time communicating with Mireya. 
However, we do not to speak directly to each other. We'd have to yell to hear 
one another, and that would attract the unwanted attention. Instead, we often 
use body motions or movements to convey what we want to say. I looked over to 
her today though, and she seemed to be in deep thought. She sat on the floor of 
her cell, with her legs crossed as well as her arms. She seemed so mysterious, 
but I didn't pry. I don't see how anyone can concentrate in this kind of place 
though. Her white hair was moist with sweat. Sweat? But it's so chilly in hear 
how could anyone... oh no, he's back....

Day 6 entry....

He...he made me watch. How could he...He took me...and...I tried to fight back 
but... my strength...it's all gone....he used some sort of magic and I... 
I couldn't move....why?...why did he make me watch?.....he came for myself and 
another woman...Mireya screamed and tried to get put of her cell....but she 
couldn't and.....he took us to another room...me and the other girl and.... 
and he.....I don't understand....I don't deserve this....that girl didn't 
deserve it....that girl....he enjoyed every bit...he revealed in our 
pain....our...our torment.. to think that such a being actually existed....I 
eyes will fall out if I do not stop crying....how he ravaged her body...he 
honestly didn't care that he was torturing us.....

He was stopped before he started on me. A much larger figure stepped into the 
room. I guess he was wondering what all the screaming was about. He stood almost 
as tall as our tormentor. He was, for lack of a better term, mountainous. His 
arm alone was the twice, maybe three times the size of my entire body. At first 
I was deathly afraid that he might choose to join in, but he said something 
about "not toying with the prisoners." I was placed back into my cell, I'm not 
sure about that poor girl....

Across from me, Mireya looked me over, to see if I had any bruises. Seemingly 
reading her mind, I shook my head "no." Her face bore a myriad of expressions 
from relief, to anger. She looked at me with those eyes that commanded respect, 
and helped me to bear this weight. I can't help but to think of that girl 
though.... I think they placed her back, but I can't be sure. 

I knew I would be next....

Day 12...entry....who cares

It's been a while since I've written in you, Mr. Journal. My prediction came 
true...he came for me...

He overwhelmed me with spells....with a few chants he was able to incapacitate 
me for a small time. He led me to where we would be alone. I knew my life would 
end there and then, in fact I wished for it, as I do now. I scratched, clawed 
and summoned as much power as I possibly could, but to no avail. Maybe if I 
still had Azaka and Kamidake things would have turned out differently.....

He was so overpowering....much stronger than Ryoko ever was....no matter what I 
did, he laughed it off. I knew that my nightmare was just beginning. 

Why am I writing this? Why am I reliving these memories? I don't 
know......Mireya broke out of here days ago. She promised me she'd return for 
me, but I know she's not coming back.... With her gone, I only have you Mr. 
Journal. 

I resisted until my body was almost filled with fire. Again....he 
laughed....it's that LAUGH...like a cancer in my brain it eats at my 
mind....and that feeling of helplessness, hopelessness....

I was pinned down, and he ripped what was left of my clothes. My mind filled 
with so many thoughts, anger, fear, sadness, shock. Here I was, the crown 
princess of an entire empire, reduced to some gutter thrash's plaything. He held 
me down, and I thought my limbs would be crushed. So unremorseful were his eyes. 
I felt sick as his hand touched my breast. So cold. What I would have given to 
see him dead there and then. I screamed as loud as my lungs would carry my 
voice.

There's no other way to describe it, he forced himself upon me. My body gave up 
from exhaustion. He...

I'm sorry, I just had to vomit. But I feel better now. 

My dignity, my pride, everything has been ripped in two. If only I can crawl up 
and die now....


Day...no matter

I now know that Tenchi will not come for me. He is probably clinging on to that 
she-devil, and has already forgotten about this girl named Ayeka. Voog has taken 
me more than once. I feel less like a woman everyday, to the point of 
worthlessness. But I no longer care about that. If I would die today, then so be 
it. I have already tried taking my own life, but I neither have the means or the 
strength to carry it out. So, my fate is to live in misery. I exist each day as 
a shadow, not living but taking up space. This will be my last journal entry. I 
write this so that if someone may find it... please, if you ever see a white 
haired female athlete, with the face of an angel, please, tell her that Ayeka 
said she would have liked to have the chance to say "goodbye."

**********************************************************************

As the guard finished reading the diary that was inside the now vacant cell, he 
placed it down and once again examined the newly caved in wall that once held 
this prisoner. The area was filled with guards, all searching for the missing 
occupant that was taken when someone broke into the prison hall and rescued an 
inmate. The men with blue armor all carried low level shotguns, while the 
heavier looking men in the red armor scanned the area.

Another guard joined the one that was in the cell that once held Ayeka. 

"Did you find anything worth mentioning in the report?"

"No, only this diary that she left behind." He said, tossing the journal to his 
comrade.

"I still can't believe how she was taken by only one person."

"Well, I'm surprised that this entire section isn't completely destroyed."

"What do you mean?"

"I mean that this was done by Mireya."

"What?! Your saying Mireya did this? Well if she's responsible then that would 
explain all the damage but, how do you know?"

"Read that booklet I just handed to you. Then you'll see what I mean." With 
that, he left the cell, and joined the other men in their search.

The other guard opened the booklet, and began reading it.

"The journal of Ayeka Jurai.....Day 1..."

******************************************************************
 
On one of the top floors of the main castle of the Khan empire, a very tall 
figure streaks his way through small gatherings of people. As soon as sight of 
him is made, all make way and clear his path, for they know of his power and 
more importantly, who he serves. 

General Voog has been summoned by his master. It is understood in this land that 
power rules all. Whoever holds the greatest amount of strength wields the 
biggest amount of power. The emperor was the unquestioned highest power in the 
land. Anyone who procrastinates after being summoned would be in the bad side of 
an emperor's temper. It is this reason why Voog makes great haste towards the 
royal chamber.

A royal bodyguard member fails to see Voog's passing and thus slows him down by 
the slightest of seconds. He orders the surrounding officers to clean up the 
remains of the person who once stood in front of him.

Now forced to make up for lost time by using his powers to increase his speed, 
he hardly has time to contemplate the happenings of his designated area, the 
prison hall.

"So, my preety preety has escaped. That bitch Mireya, I should have killed her 
when we captured her. Well, then again, if I did, then I wouldn't have been able 
to enjoy the look on her face whenever her friend came back a little more 
'mature', he he...heheheheh!"

He strode past hallways upon hallways until coming across the specific one that 
lead to his destination. This hallway was much different than the other's, as 
decorations of mythological beings and events were depicted everywhere. A huge 
painting of a griffon hung on the ceiling, giving the impression that the huge 
beast was diving to catch it's prey. A hydra attacked a doomed ship on the left 
side of the corridor, while a half man, half bull fought a titan on the right. 
Past them, a chimera was shown surrounded by gold jewels, and parallel to it, a 
phoenix flew into a star. 

With the use of his powers, he finds himself in front of the largest doorway in 
the castle, which was currently closed. The centerpiece of the theme was the 
most intricate of all. Placed directly on top of the two doors blocking the 
doorway was a large painting of a black dragon wrapping itself around a soaring 
white hawk. Though the painting itself was of a much better quality of the rest 
of the paintings, it was still hard to tell whether the two animals were 
fighting, or flying together as companions. At the bottom of the painting, in 
bold print, there was an inscription that read:
                                
                                      "And the world shook, under the might
                                                     of

                                                The Brothers"


Voog had finally found his destination. The emperor's quarters. 



On the planet Draka, there was a strict chain of commands, which was determined 
solely by one's strength and effectiveness in battle. Low rank soldiers, though  
sometimes weak, were effective in groups. First rank soldiers were more than 
formidable fighters one on one, and their supreme teamwork conquered planet 
after planet. These armies were controlled by generals, which were all ruled by 
a single emperor. Currently, there reigned two generals. 

"There you are Voog. You should know that the emperor doesn't take kindly to 
those who do not answer quickly to his calling."

One of these generals was the ruthless, and slightly psychotic Voog. His power 
was great and his skills as a warlock was welcomed in the empire. But even his 
abilities were dwarfed by the man who stood in front of him. Botaro, the walking 
apocalypse. His power was second only to the emperor himself. He reached Voogs 
neck at full height, and his size was accented by the sheer girth of his body. 
The largest and strongest general the empire has ever seen, usually ending bouts 
in mere seconds. His body bore almost no scars, because no one has ever injured 
him in the battle field. Indeed, every muscle was grotesquely huge, but not as 
huge as his protruding belly. Once, rumors spread that he had consumed members 
of a defeated battalion by himself to demonstrate his superiority. Though it 
would explain his massive stomach, no proof has been given. 

"And what would the emperor want with me?" said Voog.

"It doesn't matter what he called you for. You know very well what happens to 
those who keep his majesty waiting. Or were you just playing with your toy 
today? Oh wait, I forgot, your incompetence has allowed her to be taken away."

".....I was in the middle of briefing my squadron when Mireya broke into the 
prison hall. I didn't know any of this until I was informed today."

"Mireya? That little thing. I remember squashing her along with....."

"Yes yes yes, you've already explained that story hundreds of times. You and 
Mireya and Daimyo right? You were thoroughly thrashing the both of them. Oh yes, 
I've heard that you were about to achieve a flawless victory, until you had your 
ass handed to you by...."

"Enough..." he said in a dangerous tone. "We've wasted enough time. The emperor 
awaits."

Pushing the monstrous door with a creak, the two walked their way into an 
incredibly large throne room. The floor was made of a special type of rock that 
allowed a crystal clear shine that gave off one's reflection. The walls were 
outfitted with what was reminiscent of church windows, adding to the chapel 
motif it was seemingly going for. A lengthy red carpet rolled out in between 
huge pillars. Statues were also present, all in the shape and resemblance of the 
current emperor. They walked for a while, until finally coming up to the throne 
itself. Sitting in it, was the undisputed crown ruler of planet Draka.

They stopped and bowed to one knee in front of their master.

He wore a long thick black cape, symbolizing that he was like an inescapable 
thunder cloud. This was complimented by the black royal armor he wore. He sat 
with is leg crossed over the other, sipping a glass of the planets richest 
drinks. He was by no means young, having lived through ages of war, but his face 
could have been mistaken for a teenaged man. His hair came down to about his 
neck, kept in place by a golden crown. It was worn on his forehead, wrapping 
around his head. Though not as large as his generals, he was not small by any 
standpoint. 

The armor clad emperor rose from his throne and placed his hands behind his 
back. He paced back and forth, while his cape complied with his movements. 

"Botaro, report to me what happened in the prisoner's hall."

"Yes sire. According to the men, a lone figure broke into the hall and managed 
to rescue one of the prisoners."
 
"And who is the number one suspect at this point?"

"We believe it to have been another inmate who recently escaped not too long 
ago, Mireya, sire."

"Mireya? I thought that she was disposed of during the ascension."

"Yes sire, though it seems that she has survived."

"Hm. Mireya. She's always been a thorn in my side. Her and that idiot, Daimyo. 
Surviving one of your attacks alone is a testament to her willingness to live. 
So, not only does she escape from the prison hall, but she also manages to break 
in and take another inmate with her. Voog?" he said, turning to the wizard. "As 
I recall you are the one in charge of that sector. Why have you allowed this 
embarrassment to happen?"

"Uh, well sire, I was briefing my men on how we are going to go about locating 
the recent gateway that has opened when this all occurred. I apologize for the 
embarrassment I may have caused." 

"I suppose nothing could be done about that. Who was it that Mireya rescued and 
what is her significance?"

"She is a pretty, uh, I mean she is the one who came from the gateway, sire."

"Oh really? You mean someone came through the gateway and you did not inform 
me?"

"Uh well sire, I came to the conclusion that such meager details would only 
hinder your time?" 

"In the future, make sure to give me detailed reports. I would hate it if you 
were hiding something from me. That would be unwise."

"Understood sire."

"Well, have you pinpointed the location of this gateway?" He spoke in a regal 
tone, as if it would belittle himself to speak to these men. 

"Yes sire, I have"

"Very good. What territory does it lead to?"

"Uh, well sire...you see..." He visibly became nervous, as his speech stuttered 
a bit. "I'm not exactly sure where it leads to..."

The emperor was now growing frustrated at his lackey's incompetence. An aura of 
green energy softly outlined his frame. 

"Well, no matter. All I truly need is the confirmation of death. Now when will 
it be that we can retrieve the body? And tell me, how loud did he scream before 
he finally died?"

"That's another thing sire...you see..."

*Now he's gonna get it * thought the huge man next to him.

"There is no proof of....his death."

The emperor's face grew from shock, to anger. The half empty glass exploded in 
his hand as he clenched his fists. In the blink of an eye, he was in front of 
Voog, and lifted him up by his throat. Startling the two men.

"You mean, he could still be alive!?" he asked, his tone increasing with ever 
word.

"Y-yes...si-re." He managed to gurgle out of his throat.

"Fools!" said the emperor, hurling Voog to the nearest wall, indenting it 
thoroughly. "He was born with the mark! He is the one who is prophesized to 
bring an end to my empire....and you...let-him-live!! Get out of my site! Both 
of you! And do not dare to show your faces to me until you find him and KILL 
HIM!!!"

"Yes sire" said the two men, and exited in more haste than when they were when 
initially heading towards the room. While they walked away, the emperor, Trowa 
Khan, turned his back and clenched his fists together. Looking out through a 
window placed behind his throne, he gazed over his kingdom. He had conquered 
this land through cunning, strength, and cut throat tactics. He did not come to 
power by taking unnecessary risks. Threats had to be dealt with in a quick 
manner. He feared no mortal, but his empire was written to crumple at the hands 
of a single man. "Daimyo, child of the Dragon...damn you. I'll have your skull 
as a trophy! No, better yet, I'll use it as cup so I may drink the richest wine 
from it!!"

*******************************************************************

Just outside his quarters, the two generals planned on how to locate and 
exterminate this anomaly. Their emperor was upset, and that could not possibly 
be good. 

"I don't see how he could get so upset about one person. This entire 'prophecy' 
is nothing but garbage. Really, how can one man defeat the empire by himself? It 
is impossible. Unthinkable." Said Voog, rubbing his throat. "And there is no 
conceivable way that Daimyo can get past you, let alone the both of us."

"You underestimate his power. True, I had the upper hand during our last 
encounter, but....he showed something that could only be described as unreal. It 
was before your time, if you were there you would have seen exactly why it is 
that the emperor is so anxious to see him dead."

"Well, I don't see how it's my responsibility to find him. After all, Daimyo is 
your brother, not mine."

Unexpectedly, Botaro turned and swung his massive fist, which connected with 
Voog's stomach. He doubled over in pain. This blow would have surely killed any 
other man, but only managed to knock the wind out of him. In fact, he could 
barely manage to breath. Botaro looked down upon Voog's figure, laying on the 
floor and holding his stomach.

"Don't you ever call him that. He is not my brother, do you understand me?"

"Ugh....uh.."

With thunderous steps, he walked away into the shadows. When Voog finally 
regained is bearings, he merely gave a low growl, stood, and silently promised 
to himself to turn Botaro's dinner into a stinking pile of soot.

****************************************************************************              
 
Back inside the royal chamber, the emperor was left alone to contemplate his 
next move. Like the national pastime of chess on their planet, he had to think 
two steps ahead of his competition to ensure victory. He had worked to hard to 
see his kingdom be taken away by one mere man. 

After a while with his thoughts, he bent to both knees, a movement that he 
didn't make very often. He closed his eyes, and prayed. It is well known of the 
history of conflict and war on the planet Draka. Warriors and soldiers came home 
to praise and greetings while cowards had were tried for treason against the 
empire. These people sought the guidance of a being of a higher plane, to bless 
them in battle. So far, their tract record has shown that this method has been 
very successful.

"Great spirit, I beseech thee, hear my words, and show yourself."

A short while passed, with no answer.

"Please my lord, show yourself."

Opening his eyes a second time, a great statue that overshadowed any of his own 
stood in front of him. The craftsmanship was exquisite. It was in the image of a 
large, armor clad knight. Carved on this statue was a full beard, to establish 
wisdom and knowledge, a great sword, for power, and many scars, for experience. 

"I need guidance great one. Daimyo's location has escaped me. I seek this 
knowledge so that I may execute him."

A voice came from the large statue, very strong and manly, that commanded 
respect. "A bold request. It is not my place to give to the answers to questions 
that you may find yourself."

"But great one, you stand above all. You are not bounded by the rules of the 
universe, and if not you then no one will give me the aid I seek. You are all 
knowing."

"Using flattery to get your way I see. Very well, if it is the chosen one you 
seek, he is located on a parallel universe on a planet called Earth."

"Parallel universe? But, how can I, a mere mortal, reach so far a destination? I 
have no idea where to look for this 'earth.'"

"Use your wizard to open the gate at Gara square. On the other side there will 
be the destiny of your empire. But be forewarned, only two warriors may be 
allowed to pass through. I suggest you choose your best warriors."

"My best warriors? It is true that Daimyo possesses great strength, but he is no 
match for even one of my generals. I don't see a need for...."

"Trowa, listen well. He has been born with the mark. This fact alone should give 
you cause for concern. But there is another threat that you must take into 
account. He is now joined with the Hawk of legend."

"What!?!" His eye twitched slightly in shock.

*No...this cannot be...if the legend of the brothers are true.. and they are 
united...then I have no hope of keeping my empire.... *

"However, they have not achieved their full potential. Send your very best men, 
and make certain that they destroy the Brothers before they have a chance to 
realize their true powers. I'm sure you remember what happened when Daimyo 
tapped into his raw abilities...."

"Understood. Thank you great spirit, I do not deserve your presence."

 The statue slowly faded away into nothingness, leaving the emperor alone once 
again. 

Eavesdropping from the corner of a hidden passage, a white haired woman intently 
listened. These new turn of events where just the opportunity she needed to 
strike.

"Daimyo is alive? And he is united with the Hawk? Our prayers have been 
answered. Gara Square....Checkmate."

*****************************************************************************

"Once again, that was a magnificent performance my lady." Said the voice of D3. 
"He has no clue that he is playing right into your hands."

Tokimi has just finished looking at a huge screen that showed the emperor of 
Draka, and smiled slightly. "The fool. It is too easy to influence these 
mortals. Why is it that men always assume that the beings they praise must also 
be male? He'll never realize that his god is not how he imagines. And soon, with 
my guidance, he'll accomplish all of our goals for us. Great spirit? What 
nonsense." 

"Tsunami, the day of reckoning is growing near, and I have all the confidence 
that my champion will defeat your weak earth boy. Soon, all of creation will 
know the name of Tokimi as the true higher goddess. Yes, it will all become 
clear to those mortals soon enough...."  

***************************************************************************


"Uh, are you sure about this?"

"Positive. I think we have practiced enough with your little bokkens. It's time 
we increased our level of training." 

"Yeah but I mean, this is the master key we're talking about. It's pretty 
powerful, and it can cause a lot of damage."

"Which is exactly why we're going to spar with it. If I can't survive a match 
with a sparring partner, what makes me think I can win when the real battle 
begins?"

"Sigh. All right, if you insist."

Tenchi and Daimyo stood several yards away from each other. Today, just like 
everyday since Katsuhito left for America, Tenchi had to put his mind as well as 
his body through intense training regimens designed specifically by the newest 
member of the house. Although he'd hate to admit it, they were actually paying 
off, as his reflexes and overall skill level have shown drastic increases. 

>From high above, Ryoko watched, just as she did every time these two went at it. 
She remembered that night, not too long ago, that Tenchi had called her by 
Ayeka's name. She thought about it long and hard, and came to the conclusion 
that it was an obvious mistake. But still, for him to be thinking so deeply of 
Ayeka that he would actually mistake herself for the princess, hurt Ryoko very 
deeply. She was upset, but that still didn't change the fact that she had to 
watch over him, just in case things got too rough between these boys. She also 
thought back to how one day, while Sasami was reading one of her comic books, 
the young princess had compared her to a dark angel. "Well, I guess you were 
right kid." 

Things have changed a little today as, at Daimyo's request, Tenchi has brought 
out one of his trump cards in the form of the Juraian master key. Otherwise 
known as the Tenchi-ken. As he looked over his opponent, Tenchi thought that he 
had to be insane to go through with this. Tenchi was also very confident of his 
own skills. Everyday he manages to get closer and closer to Daimyo's level, and 
he knew it would soon be in his grasp. Not that he ever cared about being 
strong, or tough, but he needed a way to put a stop to this man's constant 
bragging and stuck up demeanor. How humbling would it be if he was outdone by a 
grandson of a shinto priest in a small town?

"So? What are you waiting for? Turn it on and attack me."

"Right."

Tenchi brought the master key hilt down and positioned it in a battle ready 
stance. He concentrated in placing energy into the sword. Slowly, he felt energy 
gather at the hilt, the two remaining gems that belonged to Ryoko slightly 
glowed. It had taken a while for him to find the right amount of concentration
and energy needed to activate the master key, and in truth he hadn't actually 
used it in a while either, but he was slowly adjusting to it. He could feel the 
power begin to emanate and materialize into a blade. The hilt vibrated slightly 
and then....

....then nothing.

Nothing at all. No sword. No jurian power. Nothing. His face slightly turned red 
from embarrassment and he tried again.

"C'mon you, don't do this to me now." He whispered to himself

Frustration sunk in as he recklessly waved the hilt around and tried to "shake" 
the energy out manually.

Ryoko slapped her hand across her face and shook her head. Tenchi was brave, 
powerful and sweet, but dashing? Never.  

"Is something....wrong?" Said Daimyo as a sweatdrop appeared on the back of his 
head.

"No, no no problem, it just, ah takes a while to...ah...warm up." He said, 
still hoping that the energy would burst out. He tried waving around, shaking it 
loose and even banging it on a rock. But no reaction.

"Enough of this." Said Daimyo in a low tone. He screamed at Tenchi with a battle 
cry and ran towards him. 

"RAHHH!"

"C'mon c'mon get out you piece of junk!!"

"AHH!"

Within seconds Daimyo was in front of Tenchi, his teeth bared and his eyes 
promising pain. His right fist was reared back and was ready to deliver a knock 
out blow in the opening moments. Tenchi closed his eyes and hoped it wouldn't 
hurt too bad.

Ryoko very nearly blew her cover and started to fly in Tenchi's direction to do 
her best to protect him, but then as if reacting instinctively, the Tenchi-ken 
suddenly became alive with pure energy.  Daimyo's fist connected with the blade 
as Tenchi held it in a vertical position. "KyyyAAHHH!" Power coursed through his 
body and he felt pain that he hasn't felt in a long, long time.

Jerking his hand away from the sword, he checked his fist for damage and saw 
that it had been slightly burned. He held his right wrist with his left hand and 
rotated it to see if it was still functional. Ryoko was relieved that this was a 
false alarm, and went back to her hiding place among the clouds. 

"Ok, I warned you that this could be dangerous. Now I think we should stop now 
before...." his sentence was cut off by an incoming fist aimed at his face. He 
ducked and felt the knuckles wisk past a few strands of hair on his head. He 
rolled out of the way to get some distance and ended up on one knee, but Daimyo 
decided to play the aggressive game today and followed up with a downward blow 
that was similar to that of a hammer coming down on a nail. Tenchi blocked again 
with his sword. Daimyo's clenched fist struck the master key again, but instead 
of having his hand burned to a crisp, he just used his other hand to bat away at 
the Tenchi-ken, leaving Tenchi open for a strike. This time Tenchi leaped out of 
the way and landed a few feet behind Daimyo. He didn't want to hurt him, but he 
had learned in his days of training with Daimyo that when a session was started, 
it didn't end until one could not go on.

Hoping that Daimyo would come to his senses about fighting unarmed, Tenchi swung 
the blade at Daimyo's neck, planning on stopping just a few centimeters away, 
just to prove his point. When it came within a few inches of its target the 
blade was caught, barehanded, and held so that Tenchi couldn't move it. He 
struggled to get it free of Daimyo's grasp, but he had a firm grip. The Tenchi-
ken spat out energy in every direction. It looked very similar to a thunderbolt 
being shot out, except horizontally.  The intensity was so powerful that as the 
light illuminated the field around them, Tenchi became awestruck that they both 
weren't fried to a crisp. His amazement was further increased when he realized 
that as the energy this sword gave out was usually enough to send anyone to 
their knees, Daimyo was holding on, as if it only felt like a slight sting. With 
a wicked grin on his face, Daimyo lifted his leg up high, and unmercifully 
planted a kick on Tenchi's stomach, sending him flying across the field. 

He still held the energy blade in his hand, and while he was a master of 
bluffing, it was true that he was in a horrible amount of pain. But letting 
Tenchi know that was not in his plans.

Ryoko clenched her fists and began charging up to blast Daimyo out of existence. 
Her yellow eyes burned and her fangs protruded slightly. She knew exactly the 
amount of pain that damn sword gave out whenever it was touched, but to see 
someone holding on to the blade itself was a little too much to comprehend. If 
this man was to be stopped, it had to be now. If she let someone that powerful 
run around unattended, everyone else could be at risk.  Then, right before she 
was about to dive down, out of the corner of her eye, she saw something very 
interesting...

He threw the sword at Tenchi, where it landed next to him. Half of Daimyo's body 
was numb from the pain he had experienced a few moments ago. He felt slightly 
light headed, but didn't show it at all. "If you're going to stare at me gawk-
eyed 
whenever I'm about to counter attack you, then you have no chance at all. Get up 
and try again."

Tenchi got up, faster than Daimyo thought he would, and casually picked up the 
Tenchi-ken. Dusting himself off, he calmly looked over at his opponent and 
spoke.

"You know, Daimyo, I remember you hitting a lot harder than that a few days ago. 
What's the matter?  Your not getting soft on me are you?"

Daimyo's mouth was held open for a few seconds. That kick was enough to crumple 
a mountain, yet this earth boy had taken it full force, and was even mocking 
him. Finally, the days of intense training and preparation have paid off.  A new 
surge of adrenaline was awakened in his body, and now maybe he would finally 
manage to find the challenge he so craved. Ryoko just watched, dumbfouded at 
Tenchi's new found cockiness.

"Ha ha ha!! Yes Masaki, show me your true potential! Come at me with all your 
might!!" he said, clenching his fist.

"All right, I was getting kinda bored with this warm up anyway."

The two ran towards one another and exchanged hit after hit. Most of Daimyo's 
shots were dodged while most of Tenchi's were blocked. Once in a while, a little 
jab or sting would find it's way past their defenses. The pain in Daimyo's body 
was compromising his speed and endurance. Tenchi himself was getting a little 
tired, he was trying his best to keep up today. Daimyo's technique was 
excellent. His stance, his defense, his offence, all in harmony, chiseled to 
perfection. Tenchi neither cared nor backed away from this. He was tired of 
being this man's wiping boy. He was no slouch when it came to swordplay either. 
He did, after all, train daily with the greatest swordsman in the universe. 
However, he has never faced an opponent who could bat away an attack from the 
Tenchi-ken with his bare hands. 


*What is this?! * thought Ryoko, she could hardly believe what she was 
witnessing. Tenchi, the sweet, caring young boy she fell in love with was 
changing so much as the days went by. First he called her by another woman's 
name, and now he was talking and acting as if he was another person. *Have I 
lost him already? * 

Watching the events unfold, she saw the newfound ferocity in Tenchi's face, and 
wondered if this actually was the same boy who freed her from her prison. No, no 
longer a boy, but now turning into a man.              

"Your getting better Masaki! Keep this up and you might just make me get 
serious!" he said parrying a shot.

"Yeah yeah, that's just like you, all talk!!"

Ryoko watched them for a few more minutes. Tenchi was doing more than hold his 
own, as his attacks poked and slashed at Daimyo's defenses. It was then that she 
realized that the scene was reminding her of that battle, 700 years ago, with 
the Jurian warrior Yosho. Tenchi fought so much like him. Like he did not fear 
death, just failure. She knew she had no place here, and decided to go home and 
check Washu on the progress of her sugergym. Maybe she didn't have to bodyguard 
Tenchi, but she would be dammed if she let their skills soar while hers were 
just stuck in one place.

"No more games Masaki, now your history!"

"Bring it on!!"


Next: Chapter 6: Planted Seeds Bloom
                           
