
Mr.Santos (latinvenom2k1@aol.com) 
Regular 
Shogun Muyo: Chapter 3- Blueprint of a Burning Soul, part 1 
The most dangerous weapon has always been the mind. 
 
Disclaimer- I do not own Tenchi Muyo or any of it's characters. The only profit 
I gain in writing this is the knowledge that this may be read by the internet 
community, and fellow Tenchi fans. 
 
Shogun Muyo: Chapter 3 - Blueprint of a Burning Soul, part 1 
 
In spite of a day saturated in chaos and confusion, Tenchi Masaki managed to 
find a bit of peace through the comfort of his bed. It had been very painful to 
think that he was powerless to prevent what had happened only a day ago to one 
of his most treasured friends. He found it difficult to ease his mind to sleep, 
but he forced himself to rest nonetheless. Now, savoring every bit of peace that 
he could attain, he dreamt sweet dreams of how perfect life could be....

"Hey everyone, I'm back from school" 

"Oh hey Tenchi, we missed you!", said Sasami, running and giving him a big hug. 
It seems like she was honing her bearhugging skills, not wanting to taint her 
mother's legacy of oxygen depriving embraces.

"Hi there Sasami," he said patting her head, "I didn't miss anything big today 
did I?"

"Nah not really. It's been the usual day," she placed her index finger on her 
chin, thinking of the days events and deciding in her head if any were worth
mentioning, "Oh wait I almost forgot, Washu called." 

"Really? Well, now that I think about it, ever since she invented that cure for 
all Earth diseases, she really hasn't been spending that much time over 
here. but I guess that's to be expected, I mean with all that money she's 
making. So what did she say?" 
 
"She's coming over for the weekend, and says she's going to check up on her 
favorite guinea pig." 
 
"Ha ha ha, just like Washu to say that. Oh by the way, where's Ryoko and Ayeka?" 
he said, looking around.  
   
"Their by Funaho's tree, you know gossiping and stuff." 
 
"I guess I'll go say hi then." 
 
Tenchi rolled to the cooler side of his bed, unconsciously smiling at the 
thoughts that were dancing in his head. The idea of coming home without the 
fights, the chaos, the fireworks spectacular, just peace and quiet, thrilled him 
to the very core. 
 
He stood a few yards from Funaho's tree. Sitting by the trunk were Ryoko and 
Ayeka, trading inside dirt on the latest in pop culture. Tenchi smiled at how 
they would talk, and then laugh about the silly things Earthlings go through. A 
scene he so desperately wished for in his world.

It wasn't that he actually thought they could hurt each other, with all the 
resources they had. Ayeka, with her guardians, force fields and full on 
determination, was not to be trifled with despite her fragile 
flower visage. Ryoko, on the other hand, was a walking supernova, capable of 
inflicting damage that Tenchi took a glimpse at during their first encounter. 
And she was only playing back then.

"Oh my Miss Ryoko, that's some news."

"Yup, but it didn't come to me as a surprise, seeing 
how distant they seemed at that award show."

"Well, if you ask me she's probably doing it for the money." Added Ayeka.

"Of course. Then they'll divorce, and she'll get half! I swear this planet has 
some weird customs. It's like they woke up on day and said  'Hey, let's think of 
ways that will actually screw us over at the worst times, and then make them 
into laws!' What are they thinking?"

"Well, they are an inferior race after all. I wouldn't blame them though, their 
just too ignorant of their own problems to actually do anything about it. Take 
America for example, during their sports events, it is actually encouraged to 
spit and yell and throw objects at the unpopular team, and what's worse, these 
people actually bring their young to these events and like they say...."

"Monkey see, monkey do?"

"Precisely."

"Hi girls."

The two were so entrapped by their conversation that they barely noticed Tenchi 
walk up to them. They stood almost in unison and greeted him. Instead of the 
usual mauling and maiming that he had come to expect from Ryoko, she just stood 
there, with her hands clasped in front of her. Ayeka didn't throw her sharp 
knives for words at Ryoko either, as she looked down, seemingly humbled by his 
mere presence.

"Hey Tench."

"Good afternoon Lord Tenchi."

The three stood in an awkward silence. The two ladies looked down, blushing at 
themselves while Tenchi tapped his feet as if waiting for something. He checked 
his watch periodically.

"Aren't you two forgetting something? Where's my hug and kiss?"

Like sprinters waiting for the signaling gunshot, or boxers waiting for the bell 
to start the first round, Ryoko and Ayeka shot at Tenchi, giving him their full 
embrace.

"Oh Tenchi I've missed you so much! It was beginning to get so lonely without 
you around." Ayeka said while kissing his cheek.

"I couldn't stand another moment without you! 
Really Tenchi I don't see why you always have to leave us for that school of 
yours." Ryoko protested. 
 
An owl's hooting outside his window threatened to awake him from his dream, but 
his mind quickly drowned it out. Nothing would ruin what had already become his 
most peaceful nights rest. It was always so hard to find peace in a house full 
of colorful personalities and conflicting ideas. His world was changed so much 
since encountering these beautiful women, that he believed himself to be a 
different person entirely from the Tenchi Masaki that pulled the Tenchi-ken out 
of Ryoko's cave. Just as the owl had found a comfortable spot on the branch he 
perched on, something seemed to frighten it away.....

"Lord Tenchi, would you please sit with us? Your company would be greatly 
appreciated."

"I'd love to, but I just got in and I'm starving."

"Oh come oh Tenchi, pleeeeeease?" said Ryoko.

"Later girls, I promise. Besides, you two seemed to be fine without me just a 
second ago."

That's when he realized the subtle change in the weather. The blue, clear sky 
was being replaced by a darker image of itself. Thick clouds formed out of 
nowhere, engulfing him in total darkness. A hint of thunder hissed in the 
background. Tenchi's subconscious mind seemed to be messing with him today.

"Masaki," said Ayeka, in a deeper and more serious tone than usual, "you sure 
seem to be enjoying yourself, but the fun has just ended. Wake up."

"W-what are you talking about Ayeka?"

"You heard her Masaki," the voice this time came from Ryoko, "wake up."

Tenchi's heart almost jumped out of his throat as the two girls in front of him 
grew over 50 feet in height. They looked down upon him and all of his supposedly 
forgotten feelings came rushing back to him, much the way sharks rushed towards 
a bloody carcass in the sea.

"Girls?....what's going on...S-stop it..."

They walked towards him at an almost slow motion pace. Tenchi felt his stomach 
collapse into itself as their eyes began to glow in ominous and frightening 
colors, red for Ayeka, gold for Ryoko. "We said wake up!!" was the last thing 
Tenchi heard before he was blasted to cinders by the duo, leaving only ashes 
where his body once stood. 

"Masaki wake up!" said the person who slapped Tenchi's face.

"Ahh!!....what the hell, who are you?!" said Tenchi, jumping out of his bed, 
still shook up from his dream.

"It's me, Daimyo. It's time for your training." 

"Training, what? But it's only...." he looked around for his clock, and as if 
to emphasize his point, he pointed to the time. "....it's only 5 in the 
morning!!"

"If I had been an enemy, you would be dead before you felt your neck snap. Now 
tell me, would you sleep better having that knowledge?"

*Oh great, now he's starting to talk like grandpa. Oh hey wait a sec....* 

"Grandfather isn't even here! How can I train without him?"

Daimyo smirked as if he knew the answer to every question in the universe. "I 
will be your sensei until he returns. You will work, sweat and bleed by my hands 
until one of two things occur, either you surpass me, or your grandfather comes 
back. Neither one is going to happen anytime soon. Now, get 
dressed accordingly and meet me at the usual place."

Realizing his predicament, Tenchi half heartedly accepted his fate.

"Can I at least get breakfast?"

"You have 15....no, 10 minutes. If your not there by then, I will be forced to 
come back for you. I hate wasting time, so if I come back, I promise you will 
find it most..." he searched for the right word, "....unpleasant." 

"Sigh...all right." 
 
Watching Daimyo exit, he made sure that he was out of listening range before 
giving his last appeal.

"How do I get myself into these situations??"   
 
******************************************************************** 
 
He walked his way to the usual training grounds. It was just right for 
practicing without worrying about damaging property. His walk was more like a 
brisk jog, but he still considered it a walk. A breeze slightly chilled his 
muscles, something unexpected, as it was the middle of spring. *Must be because 
the sun hasn't come out yet. *

Making his way to his destination, he saw Daimyo, sitting on the ground, with 
arms as well as legs crossed. His back was to Tenchi, and he seemed to be 
oblivious to his presence. Tenchi noticed how easy it could have been to sneak 
up on him, a skill learned form tiptoeing to keep two certain girls from 
noticing him late at night. But realizing that this tactic would serve no   
purpose, he opened his mouth to announce his arrival.

"Well, well, exactly 9 minutes and 47 seconds. I thought I'd actually have to go 
get you for a second. Good thing you decided to hustle it up."

Dumbfounded, Tenchi closed his mouth and nodded. Then, rising to his feet, 
Daimyo turned and cracked some of his joints before giving his full attention to 
the teenage boy.

"So, I understand that you train with wooden sticks."

"The're called bokkens." Tenchi quickly corrected. "Grandpa says it helps to 
focus on technique and skill rather than brute force." 
 
"Your grandfather sounds like he is very schooled in the art of battle. Perhaps 
you can show me what you've learned thus far."

*Well, no warm up, no ritual prayer, should I really be that surprised?*

"All right, if you say so."

Tenchi readied himself in a defensive stance. Preparing for anything. He 
carefully studied his opponents stance, searching for any weaknesses. He found 
it very odd that his opponent stood unarmed.

"Hey, where's your weapon?"

"Their right here." He said, raising his hands so Tenchi can see them clearly. 
"Oh hey it's great that you have that confidence but seriously, it would be 
unfair if I had mine and you didn't."

"I think I'll do fine without it. But then again, you'll learn that first hand 
soon enough."

*Geez, what the hell is wrong with this guy.* 
 
******************************************************************** 
 
Masaki Residence 7 a. m

Inside of her lonely now room, Sasami tried to fight off the lingering thoughts 
of yesterday's developments. Like Tenchi the night before, she forced herself to 
sleep, waking up more than once in the middle of the night to find her pillow 
damp with tears. She didn't have her sister to comfort her as she usually did, 
and was now beginning to wonder if she'd ever see her again. The two shared a 
special bond, a bond that wasn't there merely because of a blood relation, as 
she found out when finally confessing that she wasn't the original Sasami. The 
expression of love on Ayeka's face more than comforted her in her time of need.       
                            
*Please be safe wherever you are Ayeka. I'm so sorry if I made you feel bad by 
passing out yesterday, I just couldn't help it. I hate it when you and Ryoko 
fight. Please Tsunami....please let her come back safe....* 
 
She got out of bed and gave her tense frame a good stretch, while resisting the 
urge to cry again. "No more tears Sasami," she said thinking out loud, "Ayeka is 
a big girls, she can take care of herself. Moping around isn't going to solve 
anything."

Finding no comfort finding sleep, she took a brief did in the onsen before 
thinking of something to take her mind off of her stresses. Spending time in the 
kitchen always provided the right therapeutic touch. Watching everyone's face 
light up after each meal always gave her pride a good stroke, while at the same 
time chased away any thoughts that Juraians were freeloaders.  
 
She tied her chef's robe around her waist and made sure her hair was neatly 
tied. Gauging the refrigerator for food, she found more than sufficient food for 
everyone. *Bless, Noboyuki for all his hard work.* She rolled her sleeves to 
elbow level, and contemplated what to start first. Her train of thought was 
interrupted by the nearby rumbling of the earth and the sound of several 
crashes.

A flashback of the fight between Ryoko and Ayeka jabbed her mind, but she calmed 
herself. *Could this be an earthquake? But I thought that Japan never gets one 
of these* Strengthening her resolve, she decided to investigate. 
 
**************************************************************
 
"What's wrong Masaki, I hope this warm-up isn't too overwhelming for you!" 

His voice pierced through Tenchi's brain like a hot poker through ice cream. For 
the entire morning so far, Tenchi had only this man's face to look forward too. 
They had been at it nonstop for over two hours, Tenchi often found himself 
struggling to get air into is lungs while this person hadn't even broken a sweat 
yet. It amazed Tenchi how good this man was able to back up his cocky demeanor, 
striking him almost at will. It seemed every movement he made, every breath 
Tenchi took, a counterattack seemed to stare him in the face. He cursed his 
luck for having this person be his master for the next whoever knows how long. 

*Did you HAVE to pick this guy grandpa? I swear he never SHUTS UP!*

"Come now boy, surely you can land one blow?"

Unfortunately for Tenchi, Daimyo's taunts were backed up by years of experience 
that would make a perfectionist cringe. Surviving days alone as a child during 
what his planet considered boot camp, constantly being reminded that one day he 
would have to assume his role as the lead warrior. Everyday seemed like a 
struggle. But now, through a turn of events, here he was, sparing with a low 
level child.

"Ok ah, I think we can take a break now." Streaks of sweat jumped off his brow 
and accumulated into puddles by his feet. "I mean its already 8:15."

"Break? We haven't even started yet." 
 
"What!? Come on we've been at this since 5!! I barely got enough rest last 
night!"

Cracking his knuckles and stretching his legs, Daimyo reminded himself that 
these Earthlings must have a very different approach to war as his people do, 

*Maybe that's why their so weak.*

"How can you ever hope to reach your full potential when all you do is slack?" 

*Oh great, now he's really starting to sound like grandpa.*

"Look, I'm hungry so our training is over for today. If you wanna keep going 
without me, that's fine. I'll be in the house." He bowed slightly before heading 
towards the house. Daimyo's hand on his shoulder stopped him abruptly.

"We stop when I say we stop."

The bluntness that re-enforced those words slightly frightened Tenchi before he 
regained his composure and, hesitantly, retook his fighting stance. The actual 
duration of their session, combined with the overall intensity was taking it's 
toll on the young Masaki's body. His arms were like jelly, shaking involuntarily 
from all the swinging he has done, His lungs felt as if he had swallowed lighter 
fluid and just eaten a lit match, and now, to add insult to injury, he was now 
feeling the pangs of hunger. He almost collapsed then and there.

Then, just like the day before, he heard his name being called by the goddess of 
the kitchen.

"Tenchi, did you hear that rumbling? It sounded like....," her voice trailed off 
as she looked around and saw the remains of the what used to be Tenchi's usual 
training ground. Fallen tree bark, and open earth greeted her. She was beginning 
to think that the house was being attacked before Tenchi calmed her down.

"Oh, don't ask, Sasami. Long story, heh-heh."

"Hey Tenchi you look tired, how long have you been out here? C'mon let me fixyou 
something."

"This is not a place for children. Go home. Now."

Usually known for her innocent and childlike demeanor, Sasami's thoughts  were 
refreshing in a house so full of worries. But there was another side to her. A 
side that more than one member of the house has seen whenever they skip a meal 
or interrupt her favorite t.v time. This was the Sasami that made even the 
emperor of Jurai himself use extra amounts of caution.

"Hey, who do you think you are, talking to me like that!? I'm not one of your 
servants to be giving orders to!"

"Be quiet child and head back to your dolls before I get angry."

"You....you jerk! Fine, I'll go, but only because your face is making me ill!"

She stormed her way back into the house. A loud thud was heard as a door crashed 
shut, breaking several windows in the process.

"Oh great now you've done it!! She'll probably take it out on our food now!"

Daimyo sneered before answering. "It's disgusting how you fear a child."

"W-what? What the hell is your problem! Sasami is a person with feelings and not 
just a child!"

"A very annoying child."

The last comment erased every trail of fatigue from Tenchi's body as if he was 
just dipped into the fountain of youth. Adrenaline was replaced in every muscle, 
every fiber in his being. He clenched his fists as well as his teeth, struggling 
to keep calm.

"That's...it. I bring you to my home....and first...you try to kill me, then 
you wake me from the most pleasant nights rest I've had in months...you put me 
through hell before the sun comes up and now...you have the...BALLS...to 
insult my little sister?"

"And what exactly do you plan on doing about it rookie?"

"AHHH!!!!"

He ran up to Daimyo, swinging his bokken at an incredibly fast rate. Gone were 
his thoughts of how tough this man was compared to him. At this moment, all that 
mattered was silencing this threat to his family. Every stress that coursed 
through his body, his spirit, was now using this new comer as an outlet. Would 
he die? Maybe. Would it matter? No. All that mattered was this moment. How dare 
this man insult his family, his very being, his reason to go on and triumph? 
Kagato did, and is now dead. Yuzuha tried to, and was vanquished. Dr. Clay tried 
to, but he wont hurt anyone for a while. Would this jerk with a big mouth pay? 
Time surely likes to keep her secrets.

He found himself struggling to keep up with Tenchi's newfound vigor. Though not 
swinging like a madman, Tenchi fought at unorthodox levels. Confusing the 
warrior. After an eternity, Tenchi jumped high into the air, with the sun to his 
back. Peeking up at the boy, Daimyo was able to make out a vague shape behind 
him, though he couldn't now it at the time, he was looking at a flicker of the
Wings of the Lighthawk. Tenchi brought his bokken down with enough force that 
not only did he manage to directly make contact with Daimyo's head, but he also 
broke his bokken into pieces.

They stood in their fixed positions for what seemed like ages. Having vented all 
his anger, Tenchi exhausted himself. Looking down at what remained of his bokken 
and nervously waited for the inevitable to happen.

*I can see it now.* A vision of a newspaper headline came into his mind *Student 
smashed to bits by unknown assailant.*

"S-sorry." was all he could manage to say.

Slowly bringing his hand up to his forehead, Daimyo carefully inspected the 
damage. A trail of blood was on his hand when he brought it down.

"Quite all right Masaki....your first lesson is done."

Without hesitation, Tenchi quickly bowed and left with no questions asked. He 
scurried his way home, and made it back in 7 minutes.

Daimyo stood alone and contemplated what he had just witnessed. 

*Is that his secret?...When he fights for himself,  he's a below average 
warrior but...when forced to defend the honor of his loved ones, he then 
shows his true potential...* His thoughts trailed back to his conversation 
with Yosho. 

'From what I've seen in the past, he has an incredible power laying dormant 
within him.'

"I think I'm beginning to understand" he said to himself. "Perhaps there is more 
to this boy than meets the eye. Well it's about time I had a challenge." He then 
found a comfortable spot to meditate and ponder his next move.

High above in the sky, unknown to anyone, Ryoko eyed the entire scene since it's 
beginning. She knew something was going on when she heard Tenchi talking to 
someone else in the middle of the night. She followed him that morning and 
silently watched. She found it to be the perfect opportunity to scout her new 
rival. With today's lesson now over, she sought out her own private spot where 
she can go over the bits and pieces of her newly found information. 
 
******************************************************************** 
 
"That stupid jerk! I should go back right now and give him a piece of my mind!" 
Sasami quirked at herself. "Oh, why don't you play with your dolls" she said in 
a mock impersonation. "I hate him!

"She rinsed her face with water and, forgetting where she had placed her towel, 
went to her room to check for it. She made her way there and sat on a huge 
carrot shaped sofa. *I wonder where's Ryo-Ohki.* she said, finding her towel. 
Looking up after drying her face, she was greeted by the face of an angel.

"What's wrong Sasami?"

"Oh, nothing Tsunami. That Daimyo guy just got on my nerves, that's all." 

The goddess chuckled and gave a sweet smile before responding. "Is that all? 
Come now Sasami, you know that not everyone can be as polite as Tenchi."

"Yeah I guess your right" she said, calming down.

"To tell you the truth Sasami, I've been watching him for a while and I think he 
has a good heart, he's just very.....brash. I think you should give him a 
chance. Besides, weren't you the one bragging about how cute he was?" 
 
"Oh no way. Well, yeah he is kinda cute. And that jewel on his 
forehead.....it fits him nicely." She said, touching her own markings.

"Oh and here I was saving him for myself." said Tsunami. 

The mood of their conversation changed when Sasami asked the question that was 
burning her mind. "Tsunami? My sister is coming back soon right?"

With a small sigh, Tsunami carefully maneuvered her way through the question. 
"Sasami, your family has gone through worse ordeals than this and have come out 
unscathed. I'm sure you will be reunited very soon."

Sasami hung her head, letting her negative thoughts take over. She thought of 
how she'd never see her sister again, of how she'd never again experience the 
sisterly bonding that was precious to her. Naturally feeling these emotions 
through their link, Tsunami thought of the only way to cheer up her younger 
counterpart.

"Now, what do you suppose is a fitting punishment for belittling a princess of 
Jurai?"

Sasami washed away her sadness thought of a way to easily get back at Daimyo's 
rudeness. She drew a mischievous grin, and Tsunami, once again reading her 
intentions, found her idea to be a very suitable, if not a cruel and unusual, 
punishment.

"Sasami, you'll make an excellent goddess one day."     
 
*********************************************************** 
                                               
Ryoko laid back on the roof of the Masaki home. She had many places that she 
went to whenever she needed to clear her head, or be by herself. This was the 
most convenient spot at the time as it felt too humid to be indoors. The clouds 
gave just enough protection from the sun that it didn't bother her 
eyes or her skin. Her first choice would have been the cave where she and Tenchi 
first met, but she changed her mind when she thought how sacred that place was. 
It was there to remember Tenchi and his childhood, not to lament over worries. 
So, she laid on the roof, trying to piece together the puzzle in her mind.

*His technique was almost flawless.....how could he move so fast for someone 
so....bulky? He seemed so calm, so in control.....maybe he's just too strong for 
me?*

*No Ryoko, you are the most feared name in the galaxy. You can't let this guy 
get to you.*

*But he's so powerful.....that one hit almost knocked me out. And thank goodness 
Tenchi was fast enough to move out of the way of most of his attacks.* 

*But that's just it you baka! You're the one who's supposed to be protecting 
Tenchi, not goodness!*

She's settle most of her problems throughout life with either her fist or her 
energy blade. Battles were as common to her as prayer was in church. She's lived 
with the notion that the strong rule and the weak suffer, a concept Kagato 
fully burned into her being. All she has known was chaos, until that is, a boy 
named Tenchi Masaki opened her heart to the emotional pleasure that was so 
denied form her all her life. Even if it did take a little situation such as the 
Zero incident to make her fully realize her feelings, she would gladly die for 
him if it would make him happy.

*So, Ryoko, what if your not good enough to protect him? What if this new guy 
just goes crazy one morning and pounds Tenchi out of existence? Would you try to 
get revenge? Hell, you were barely able to keep up with that princess. That 
princess. The same woman you so enjoyed toying with before. Face it, you've gone 
soft. So guess what? In case Tenchi needs you, he'll die, you'll die, and if you 
don't die, you'll wish you had. And why? Because you were weak.* 
 
Clenching her fist until a hint of blood trickled down her hand, she stood and 
launched that same hand into the air, as if to show the universe itself how 
strongly she felt towards this one boy.

"No, I will get stronger. I'll never let anyone harm Tenchi, not ever. Now 
matter how powerful they are, as long as I have life in my body I will never be 
too weak to help. And if it comes to it, then I'd gladly give up my soul to see 
him safe. There's only one thing left to do now... I hope she'll say yes." 
 
************************************************************************ 
                                                         
A cold and tired figure walks through the remains of a long ago battlefield. 
Lonely and frightened, she desperately searches for civilization. She stops and 
falls on the ground. Her legs can no longer carry her. She waits, whether the 
merciful hand of death or the warm stare of the sun even she doesn't know. She 
wraps her arms around herself as her tattered robes to do not provide adequate 
protection from the night's breeze.

*Ok Ayeka, just calm down and relax. Just get through the night and you'll be 
fine. The sun will be out soon and you'll be able to see better and you'll be 
able to warm up at least a little. You'll see.*

She managed to get a humble amount of rest, occasionally waking up to pick off a 
few random insects and to reassure herself that all will be explained.  

A few hours later, the sun came out and commanded her to wake up. It's rays hit 
her body, bringing much longed for warmth. She sat on her knees and wiped away 
the sleep from her eyes. Only did she realize the armored men surrounding her.

"So you're the one that came from the portal. Pretty, pretty."

She saw that the voice came from a tall figure, so tall that she strained her 
neck to see his face. He easily stood over 7 feet in height. Even when she did 
manage to find where his face was supposed to be, it was covered with longs 
streaks of black hair. She could tell he was slim, not bone thin, but slim 
indeed. She was too shocked to form words into her mouth.

"Snatch her, men."

The troop members gathered around Ayeka, thinking a rush tactic would be best. 
She managed to raise her shield, preventing anyone from coming into her space. 
While not very effective at deterring away attackers, it was the only thing she 
could have done at the time. Bright lights flashed in front of the guards. One 
member attempted to run right through the wall of energy, but only managed to 
get knocked backwards. The other's realized that they wouldn't have much better 
luck and hesitated.

"What are you waiting for?? Kill kill kill kill!!!

"But, general Voog.... we can't"

A fist through his chest was all the man received as an answer by his superior.

"Weakling!! Anyone else here a weakling!?"

"Please stop it! I'm just lost person who wants to find her way home, why must 
you insist on attacking me??"

The realization slowly sunk in. She knew that this situation would end with 
either herself being dead, or having more blood on her hands. Nervously, the 
remaining members attempted to once again break Ayeka's force fields. Their 
futile attempts to break her seal gave her enough time to think of a plan that 
was just crazy enough to work. Point, and blast.

Concentrating on making her shield act as a projectile, she force fully expelled 
energy in every direction. Their screams filled that day as the explosion caused 
Ayeka to become off balanced herself. She was a princess of an entire planet, 
which didn't matter now, as the law of the jungle remains true anywhere, kill or 
be killed.

"Not again..." Grief swelled in her heart once more. It gave her no pleasure to 
take any life. She had thought it ironic, how she grieved for these strangers, 
but at home, she fought everyday with Ryoko and almost finished her rival for 
good.

"I must remedy that when I return."

"He-he, pretty pretty"

He stood directly behind her, and eclipsed the sun from her viewpoint.

"Heh-heh, that tickled. May I have another?

His hand slapped her unconscious before she had a chance to scream. A devilish 
grin appeared on his face at the new developments that unfolded before his eyes. 
To see a woman with this amount of strength was rare indeed. He planned on 
killing her then and there, but now thought found much use for her. He slumped 
her over his shoulder, and vanished from view. His destination, the empire.

***************************************************************

                                   
Sasami completed the last of the preparations. Dinner was ready, dishes were in 
place as well as forks, chopsticks, knives and napkins. Three plates rested on 
one side of the table, one on the other. Each of these plates were covered food 
that seemed fit for a royal court. Tender servings of steak, complimented by 
white rice and vegetables awaited the residents of the Masaki home. All but one. 
Sasami grinned at the special plate she was reserving just for Daimyo.

She cleared her throat and began striking a frying pan with a soup spoon, all 
the while screaming "Dinner's ready!" announcing that her creation was complete.

"I hope I make it in time", said Tenchi, finishing up the last of his chores.

"Such annoyances. But a home cooked meal would be welcomed," growled Daimyo's 
stomach just outside the home.

Everyone, except for Washu, sat at the table within minutes. She had been 
diligently trying to find a way to bring Ayeka back, and was excused from 
dinner. Sasami sat at one side of the table, next to Tenchi. Next to him sat 
Ryoko. This left Daimyo to himself, opposite the group. It took an effort to get 
into a comfortable position. He was impressed by how easy the others seemed to 
make it look, to sit down on top of your calves. He tried his best to imitate 
the group, but lacked the grace that the others had.

"Wow Sasami,is all this for us?" said Tenchi eyeing his steak.

"Huh-huh, all for my family," she proudly proclaimed. She looked over at Daimyo. 
He bore an agitated face, and she did her best to feign concern. "Something 
wrong Mr. Daimyo?"

"There isn't any food on my plate." He said bluntly.

"Oh that's because I'm saving a special plate just for you."

*I wonder why he gets the special plate. *
                                                                                                                           
A half hour passed. Tenchi was up to his second plate of rice, after Ryoko 
challenged him to an eating contest. Which now he realized was a stupid idea 
seeing as he had given up about halfway through while Ryoko downed
her third plate. After everyone was done, Daimyo still had not received his  
share. He was about to leave before Sasama announced that his plate was done 
cooking. *Finally. I'd begun to think that I'd die of starvation.* 

She carefully carried her dish onto the table. It was impossible to view the 
creation yet, as it was topped by a special silver cover. She placed it in front 
of him. "And now I present to you....your dinner!"

Before lifting off the cover, Daimyo sat with a salivating mouth at the possible 
feast he would receive. If it was half as good as what the other's were eating, 
then the wait would have been well worth it. Ryoko resisted the urge to laugh, 
Tenchi resisted the urge to vomit, and Daimyo resisted the urge to face-vault as 
Sasami revealed her "special" plate. A horribly overcooked squid seemed to wink 
at him. The smell overpowered the room.

"Oh my how did that happen? Gee I guess I overcooked it. Oh well, enjoy," she 
said, pushing the plate in front of Daimyo. He clenched his teeth fiercely and 
his hands were visibly shaking with anger. Sasami had begun to think that maybe 
she had gone a bit too far. She knew it was an insult to mess with a man's food, 
but Daimyo had taken this much more personally than she thought he would. Then, 
with an unpredictability that the group came to expect, a smirk appeared on the 
side of his face.

"Checkmate Sasami." He rose to his full height and slightly bowed. "I apologize 
for my earlier outburst. I see now that you are not a mere child, but a strong 
willed young woman." Trying as she might, she couldn't resist the urge to blush 
wildly. 

"Now, if you'll excuse me."

He walked towards the door, leaving Ryoko, and Tenchi scratching their heads. It 
became clear that his mood sings were as strong as his power.

"What do you suppose that was all about?" said Ryoko. 

"Ugh. Don't ask. He's like that."

"Huh?"

"Try spending a few hours sparring with him and you'll see what I mean." Said 
Tenchi.

Before Daimyo made it past the closet, it opened in a flash, startling him into 
a defensive posture. A small, red-headed figure emerged with a huge grin on her 
face.

"I've done it people!. oh it's you," she said looking over at Daimyo, "Can't you 
just relax for one second?! 

"What?...."

Anyway like I was saying.... I did it!!"

Chibi Washu doll A popped up and congratulated her programmer, "Of course Washu, 
you're the best!"

It was soon followed by Chibi Washu doll B, "The unstoppable Washu!!"

The two chibi bots dug back into Washu's hair and vanished. "What in Draka are 
those?!" yelled Daimyo.

"Uh, what exactly did you do Washu?" inquired Tenchi.

"Well boys and girls, I think I may have come closer to solving our problem."

"You mean Ayeka's coming back!" said an enthusiastic Sasami.

"Well kiddo, why don't you all step into the lab of the greatest scientific mind 
in the universe and find out the answers to all your questions..."

Next Chapter- Blueprint of a Burning Soul-part 2

                          

 




      
                    
