Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo isn't mine, but thats what i wrote on my christmas 
list.... that and a stuft ryo-ohki......  ^_^ well, i'm workin on it!
~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*
A/N- Hey Hey Hey!   It's been a while... I've had bad writers block and a lot of 
headaches lately...... but I'm back, never fear! Now shall wemove on?
~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*
"" Talk
~ ~ - thought
~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*
Song of My Heart
Chapter 9: Beautifull Princess
~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

   Ryoko opened her eyes a tiny bit, she was in a cold dark room, with only one 
small lamp, with a bulb that barely shown.
   ~Where am I.....  what happened?~ Ryoko's mind spun, she was dizzy, she 
wanted to throw up, she felt like she was haveing a hangover, but she hadn't had 
and alchohall.  A small movement caught her attention, and she looked over to 
see what looked like a human hand, but wait.. where was the body? she felt a 
presence, she knew she wasn't alone.
   The hand moved again, and Ryoko opened her eyes a little more, traceing the 
hand up an arm to its owner.
   "So sleeping beauty is finally awake hm?" he said quietly, his voice sounded 
kind, but Ryoko had been tricked before,  she couldn't let that happen again.
   "Who the hell are you?!?!" she said angerly, then the man got up and started 
to move twords her, his face still not in the light. "Hey.... you stay back.... 
I know how to use a sword and I'm not afraid of you..." she said this even 
though she knew she was to week to generate a sword. She tried to get up, but he 
reacheded her and pushed her back down.
   "I'm amazed your even alive... you shouldn't sit up, you'll just hurt 
yourself..." His face finally came into the light, he was wearing all black, yet 
had deathly white skin, he was very tall, and thin, yet he had soft features and 
wore a kind expresion under his messy black hair. She looked at him taken aback 
by his apearance, and he frowned. "I'll leave you alone for a while... get some 
rest..." with that he left.
    Ryoko didn't take her eyes off him untill he disapeared out of the room. 
    "I didn't even get his name... heh... who cares... I just hafta worry about 
getting outa here... getting home..." sje said but then she heard Tenchi's voice 
in her mind.
~Get out... I said GET OUT!!!"~
She winced at the thought, and let a tear slip. "I.... I have no home....."  
with that she closed her eyes and thought of the man... who was he? was he the 
man she saw just before she blacked out? who.... who was he....

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

    Meanwhile the pale man watched Ryoko on a small T.V. screen, he could hear 
her thoughts clearly. "You have a home my princess.... here with me.... your 
prince Taro.... I have plans for you... my princess.... my beautifull 
princess...."

~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~

A/N- wow! who expected that?  heh... why are so many of you raiseing your hands? 
heh heh heh... ::sweatdrop::  well, i'll start 10 soon.... thanks again to the 
reviewers! bye!!
