Something is Out There  -  Epilogue

By "Meachy" <meachy@hotmail.com>

Author's Forward:  Okay, this explains why Meachi and Tenchi did not
kill each other.  There is also a section that
explains what is happening with Mihoshi.  And if
you really don't have anything to do, there is a
section that explains a couple of not so important
things at the very end.

Tenchi Muyo is copyrighted (c) 1992-1998 by AIC * Pioneer LDC. All
rights reserved.  The story "Somthing is Out There" is mine and can not
be posted with out my written permission.

Something is Out There

Epilogue

The relationship that Meachi has with the Masaki family dates back
almost 500 years.  It involves the sword that he has bonded with and the
marks in his hand.  They have a very unique bond with Yosho.

It all started about two centuries after Yosho arrived on Earth and
entombed Ryoko.  He did not want the burdens of royalty or to stay under
Jurian customs.   So, he decided to live the rest of his life on this
planet.  To keep a low profile, he never stayed in the same place for
long.

As a source of income, he had to return to being a swordsman.  But, he
put his Tenchikan in the cave with Ryoko.  He tried using others swords,
but none could equal the level of his skill.  Their blades would quickly
wear down and break.  During one of his journeys he heard word of a
sword crafter that made indestructible weapons.  He went out to find
him.  It was said that he could be found at Mt. Fujiyama.

During his travel, Yosho came upon a village in Kofu.  While walking
through the streets, a young lady bumped into him.  She was being chased
by a group of men.  He instinctually defended her.  In the battle, he
bested the men quickly but was seriously injured.   It turns out that
the young lady had promised herself to a warlord in Yokohama. In return
he said he would not attack her home.  While the men were taking her to
him, one of them tried to rape her.  She managed to escape, but they
pursued her to there.

She helped Yosho get to her home.  There she nursed him back to health.
Her name was Nitsu Rode.  She lived with her father, mother, and
brother.  They were farmers.  Her brother was a few years younger than
she was.  His name was Watura (ancestor that shares the same name as
Meachi's grandfather.)  Yosho treated him as a little brother.  At night
he would tell him stories of adventures.  He even taught him how to
handle a sword.  He began to care for the Rode family, especially Nitsu.
They fell in love.  Her father and mother happily accepted Yosho as a
member of the family.  He had no family by birth on this planet, but
they were the best next things.

After a few months passed, Yosho focused back on his quest.  Nitsu did
not want him to leave, but he insisted on going.  She could not stop
him, but she was able to talk him into allowing Watura to help him.  On
the day that he left, he made a blood oath.   He swore as long as he
lived he - - he would not allow anything to harm them.  The two
adventurers then set out.

They made their way to the mountain.  It was difficult.  They needed
each other more and more, the further they traveled.  Yosho and Watura's
bond became even closer when he saved his adopted sibling from falling
down the mountain.  Yosho decided that it was time to tell his secret to
Watura, he then explained to him about his Jurian descent.  At that
point, they were so close, Watura would have done anything for him.

They continued up the side of the mountain till they got to an opening
about 300 ft from the summit.  It was just above the area where the ice
cap had begun.  There was a small house, just beyond the opening. They
walked up to it, and were greeted by a small old man.  He invited them
to come into his house.  On the inside walls of the small wooden house
were beautifully crafted weapons.  The old man knew that they had come
for one.  Yosho confirmed his speculation, but not just any sword would
do.  He asked the crafter to make him a sword that would be a perfect
extension of him.  The mysterious sword maker agreed, but told him it
would take time to create such a sword.

Two months past, and Yosho's patients were beginning to wear down.  He
wanted to get back to Nitsu and the rest of his family, but leaving
empty handed would make all that they had been through invalid.
Everyday, the old man left and did not return till darkness covered the
mountain.  Then, one day he returned with the sword.  It was a kitana
like no other.  Yosho could actual sense it when the old man was coming.

The metal of the blade was uncanny.  Nothing of this planet could match
its strength, shine, or sharpness.  The old man called the metal
"katen."  It was a gift from the heavens.  The handle was made of jade
and ivory.  On it was an unusual kanji that said, "Heavens fire."

Yosho took the sword and began doing swinging excersises in front of the
house.  After a few moments passed he turned back toward the small old
man.  He then asked what did he want for the sword.  The old man laughed
as they presented money to him.  To him there was no amount of money
that could equal this weapon.

The old man would except no material retribution.  He stood before the
two adventures and told them what he would except.  For it he demanded
that Yosho swear, that there will always be a caretaker for the sword.
Yosho swore it and went back to practicing.  Watura and the old man went
back inside of the house.  There he again offered to pay him.  The old
man's demeanor changed from kind to sinister.  He reminded him that a
pact had been made, and nothing could reverse it.

They left shortly afterward.  With the new sword in hand they quickly
went to rejoin their family.  While going down the mountain, Watura
noticed the house had dissappeared.  He dismissed it and carried on.
When they got back to Kofu, they found it burned down.  They searched
everywhere to find out what happened.  In the rubble of a house, they
found a man near death.  Just as he was about to die, he told them  the
warlord Shonato had come and destroyed everything.

The two ran to their home and found both parents dead.  Nitsu's body
could not be found.  Yosho became enraged.  He would not rest untill he
had gotten his revenge on the one responsible.

He and Watura went to Yokohama, in search of Shonato.  Along the way
Yosho began to change.  He became more and more bloodthirsty.  He
slaughtered anyone he found that was tied to Shonato.  When They got to
his stronghold, Yosho had already taken the lives of over three dozen
men. As they entered, Yosho lead a savage foward attack through the
front door.  When he entered Shonato's chamber, his sword's blade was
painted red with blood.

Shonato was laying in bed.  Next to him was Nitsu.  She was sitting up
at the end of the bed.  Her hands and feet were bond.  Yosho demanded
that she be released.  The warlord laughed as he sent her over to him.
Just as she was about to reach Yosho, Shonato threw a knife into her
back.  Yosho caught her limp body.  She looked at him an weakly and
asked for him to protect their family.  His eyes filled with tears as he
pulled the knife out and handed her to Watura.

He turned back toward his enemy and readied his sword.  At that moment
every bit of anger and hate in Yosho's being was drawn into the blade of
his sword.  He swore that he would protect his family, but he was not
there when they needed him.  The sword, somehow, magnified all of his
anger, hate, and guilty.  When they reached their maximum point, the
blade of his sword began to glow red.  It then was engulfed in flames.

Shonato pulled out a kitana, and prepared for Yosho's attack.  With his
flaming sword in hand, he charged at him and swung. The two blades made
contact.  Yosho's cut through Shonato's as if it where paper.  There was
an uneasy pause in the room as the evil warlord's chared remains split
in two.

While they had been fighting Nitsu spoke her last words to her brother.
He had left to the adjacent room to collected his sister's finale gift
to Yosho.  When he returned to the room where the fight had occured, he
found Yosho cursing the existance of his sword.  He had lost the one he
loved because of it.

Yosho's mind began to explode, as he thought of how much he had lost
because of the "katen."  He wanted to destroy it or leave it.  At that
moment his sanity gave way.  He was in a blind fury.  He raised his
sword toward Watura and swung.  After his motion was through, he
released the katen and fell unconscious.

Watura clutched what he had brought in from the other room, as Yosho had
swung.  After he had fallen to the ground, Watura stood in awe.  The
blade had passed through him, and did not cut him.  He wondered what had
just happened.

At that moment the old sword crafter appeared before him.  He picked up
the sword and explained what just happened.

The katen is the perfect weapon.  The blade is made of a symbotic metal.
It bonded with Yosho to reflect everything he required from a sword.  It
also magnified his abilities.  Along with his abilities, it magnified
his negative emotions by 100 fold.  They were so strong, they manifested
themselves through the sword.  The sword has left Yosho mad.  It had
took all that it could from him.  Even though he was insane at the
moment he attack Watura, subconsciously the oath that he made to "never
let anything harm the Rode family still existed." (Anything includes
himself)  The sword recognized it and respected his wishes.  That is why
Watura was not harmed.

The ordeal was too much for Yosho.  As long as he possesed the sword his
mind would not be able to accept his pain.  The old man asked Watura if
he really cared for Yosho's well being.  The young man immediately said
he would do anything for him.  He made his own oath that he would not
allow anything else to harm Yosho.

To allevate Yosho's suffering, Watura chose to become the new caretaker
of the sword.  The only problem was that the katen would still retain
all of the negative energy that it had drawn from Yosho. Watura did not
care.  As long as taking the sword would help his chosen brother, he
would do it.

He took the handle in one hand while holding what he had retrieved from
the room in the other.  A surge of overwhelming power hit him. The sword
began to heat up in his hand.  It was if it did not want Watura to
posses it.  The pain grew unbearable.  He knew that he could not let go.
He made an oath that he swore to fulfill.  To him it felt as if his skin
was burning off his hands.

Just at that moment, an infant's hand reached out and touched the handle
of the sword.  In a flash the heat dissapeared.  The hand came from the
object that Watura had gotten from the other room.  It was a baby.  Not
just any baby, but the child of his beloved sister and Yosho.  Shonato
had taken the baby to keep Nitsu from trying to flee again. Watura
quickly checked the infant's hand, to make sure it had not been burned.
Inside of the center of its palm, was the same kanji that was on the
sword.

Yosho still was on the ground.  His body looked lifeless, as he did not
move.  He was not dead, though.  However, he was not truely alive
either.  Watura tried to think of what to do.  Then he remebered what
Yosho had told him about the Masaki shrine.  Someone there would know
what to do.

It took time, but he finally got to the shrine.  As Yosho was being seen
to, the old swordcrafter appeared again.  He admired what Watura had
done for Yosho.  Even though they were not brothers by blood, their
hearts proved their love for one anothr.  He told Watura as long as the
sword was around Yosho he would not get better.  He would have to leave
him here so his healing would began.  Watura did not want to go, but he
knew it had to be done.  He asked could Yosho's child stay with its
father.  The old man told him that both he and the child had bonded with
the sword.  Neither could be near Yosho, if he was to get better.

Watura left to China, with the baby.  As time passed he raised the child
as if it were his own.  He named the boy Meachi. (the first born of
Yosho)  He was born the half breed of a Jurian half breed.  Unlike
Tenchi.  The mix of Jurian genes were not dominant.  He could only
manifest them through the sword.  When Meachi became the caretaker of
the sword, he took the same oath of Watura. (his believed father)

As time passed, Yosho had gotten better.  When he was completely awaken
from his ordeal.  He could not remeber what had happened, but when he
sleep at night he would see broken images of the family and one he
loved.  His dreams would always end with an image of the sword.
Through the next 500 years, the sword was handed down from generation to
generation.  There was a text that followed it.  It was written by
Watura.  In it was the origin of the sword and the legend of Yosho.
There was one other thing in the text.  It was a prophecy of the coming
of a Psedo-Jurian.  After time had passed, some of the text was lost.

***IN THE PRESENT***

Meachi is the most recent caretaker of the katen.  After 500 years have
passed, the direct relationship with the Masaki family has been served.
Meachi is not a true Jurian.  However, he is the Psedo-Jurian in the
prophecy.  The legend said that history would repeat itself.  The marks
in his hand and the coincidence of his grandfather and his name, were
signs to show the coming.  Meachi is human.  But, through random chaotic
genetics, he carries the Jurian genes that are of special abilities.
They were dormant inside of himself, until the sword unleashed them.

Yosho memeories of the Rode family and the sword slowly began to
returned, when he saw the marking in Meachi's hand.

Both Tenchi's "light hawk sword" and Meachi's "katen sword" are
extension of themselves.  Since they are a part of them, they are
subject to their limitation.  Eventhough Yosho and the ancient Watura
made their oaths almost 500 years ago, Tenchi and Meachi are still
subject to them.  That is why their blades would not cut through each
other.

***WHAT'S THE DEAL WITH MIHOSHI***

This will not take long to explain.  When writing my story I was faced
with the problem of too many good guys and not enough bad guys.  So, I
decided to change somebody to *THE DARKSIDE.*  I also get tired of
people bashing Mihoshi, so I decided to make her the antagonist of my
story.  This is not an easy task.  To make it believable I had to find a
good reason why she would change.  *AHHA*  I wanted to bring back an old
bad guy anyway.  So, "Why not bring a bag guy back through Mihoshi?"  If
you didn't notice in the first chapter, Mihoshi was possesed by
something or someone.  Now the most sinster terror on the planet is the
character that everyone once considered only as the Blonde ditz that
hung around Kiyone.  You'll have to wait and see what happens with
Mihoshi!!!

***Miscellaneous Info***

The Name Meachi is just is Meachy -(y) +(i).  I did that to make it look
Japanese.  The pronucation of Meachi in Japanese is way different than
the English pronucation of Meachy.  Meachy is the nickname my
Grandfather gave me when I was five-years-old.

Rode is part of my real name.

The name Watura means, "One who travel from place to place" in Japanese.
If you want to waste your money and time, you can also see it in "Wind
of Amnesia."  In my own personal belief, it is one of the wrost animes I
have ever seen. NO OFFENSE INTENDED