Standard Disclaimer: I'M NOT MAKING ANY MONEY OFF THIS SO DON'T SUE ME. I HAVE 
NOTHING TO DO WITH THE TENCHI MUYO SERIES.  
THIS WILL BE THE LAST FIC I WRITE FOR A WHILE. AFTER THIS TICTAC WILL BE 
TAKING OVER FOR ME. 

It was late. Ayeka still had her hand wrapped from Makido's bullet. She 
thought she was very unlucky to be picked out but she considered the fact that 
he could have killed her or done worse. She was walking around with Mihoshi. 

"So Ayeka how's your hand?"

"It's fine. I think it's healing rather well."

"You know we're all kinda lucky he wasn't really mad or he might of used his 
magic."

"Yes, that's very true....I wonder. What would happen if we got back at him?"

"How Ayeka? He's real smart and big."

"Yes but there's 5 of us and one of him." 

"Well....ok Ayeka I'll help you if you need it."

"Yes I think I will." 

The next morning Makido was downstairs with K and Epion very early. Quazar was 
still in The Echo Side with Jynx. Makido told Jynx about him and Kiyone and 
what happened with Sasami. Eventually Ryoko woke up and came downstairs and 
sat with them.



"Eh, hi guys."

"Hey."

"Sup?"

"I heard Ayeka was planing something for you Makido. I don't know for sure I 
doubt it's good."

"I already know Ryoko but thank you any ways."

"How?"

"Honestly. Ryoko do you think I can't tell when Ayeka's planing something. 
It's just so obvious." 

"I know. You seem like your planning something yourself. Wanna tell me what?"

"Sure. There's a battleship coming in a few hours to arrest us all. We plan on 
fighting it."

"How do you know!?"

"I've known for a while." 

"And you didn't want to say anything?!"

"That's right no reason. See the plan is we think we're gonna let ourselves 
get arressted and then kill everyone inside."

"Good plan. What if you can't?"

"Then we die."

"And that doesn't bother you?"

"No. We can come back."

".....have you told anyone else?"

"Nope. Once again I don't see a reason for it."

"How about because maybe people will worry about you?"

"I have a feeling that no one would really worry but act worried because they 
think it's the right thing to do. So I don't worry. Besides we're ready to die 
at any second."

"Fine. I doubt anyone can change your minds."


Just then a loud roar came across the conversation. 

"That's them Makido. Let's go."

Makido, Epion and K stood up an walked outside. They instantly gave themselves 
up. Everyone came outside to se what was going on. A set of stairs came out 
the side of the ship. This was very unusual for transport beams usually 
brought people on ships. When Sasami saw them getting on the ship she yelled 
at them in protest but it was to no avail. The three men sunk into the ship 
and Sasami ran into the ship after them. Ayeka, Ryoko and Washu all ran in to 
try to catch Sasami but as soon as they got in the ship it took off.

"Oh no! We're locked in."

"How convenient. We thought we'd have to send someone after you Princess 
Ayeka, Miss Ryoko." 

"Who are you people?"

"We are a division of the galactic police here to arrest you. Professor Washu 
you are also to be arrested for interference as is Princess Sasami." 

"Weeelll if I'm not mistaken your robots aren't you?"

"Yes, we are robotic organisms."

"Interesting. Never thought the academy would allow such things."

Makido put his hand on Ryoko's shoulder form behind. She shrieked a little 
form shock but quickly gathered herself.

"It's best to cooperate. Much safer." 

"But..."

"Ryoko. Just give in and we promise you'll get out."

"Fine."

Ryoko, Washu and Ayeka all put their hands up and the group was taken to a 
cell with Sasami. When they got there Ayeka talked to Sasami mostly checking 
to see if she was alright. Ryoko and Washu examined the cell for weak points 
and Makido, Epion and K sat down by propping themselves up against a wall and 
smoked. Ayeka began to pace a little as time grew on. Ryoko eventually sat 
down and smoked with the guys.

"How can you all just sit there!?"


"It's easy Ayeka. Just relax."

"That's your answer!? That's terrible! Makido, Epion, K get us out of here. I 
command you."

They gave no answer except K laughed a little.

"Well.....go to it! Get us out of here."

Epion pulled the cigarette out of his mouth and looked up at Ayeka. 

"Ayeka shut the hell up."

"Oh real good Epion. I can't stand the quiet. It's worse than torture."

"Ayeka, silence is golden. Now shut up."

"Makido what do you have to say for yourself?"

"Silence is a deadly note, that's why we all hate the water that keeps the 
boat afloat."

"What!? Oooooo. You people are impossible."

"Ayeka they're not going to listen to you if you order them around. Watch. K 
will you get us out please?"

"Sure."

"Wait! Why'd you say yes to her and not to me?"

"She asked nicely. Ok guys you know the plan."

Makido drew a knife and held it to Epion's throat. 

"Guard! Help! Help!"

A guard ran up. 

"Help, he's gone crazy he's gonna kill him."

Makido pushed Epion to the side and tossed the knife into the guards head. 
They dragged the body over and grabbed the keys. They unlocked the cell and 
ran for the control room.

"No the exits this way."

"Yeah but I'm gonna get a new ship if I go this way."


"Eh...Tsunami help me!"

A blue light entered the room and Tsunami was standing there and didn't look 
too happy. 

"You people. Honestly."

"Tsunami? Wait isn't that some sort of goddess or something?"

"Yes that is correct and Washu is my sister."

"Aight. Just wanted to make sure."

"Well it's been nice meeting you goddess but we got a ship to take over. See 
ya."

"Stop where you are! To tell you the truth I'm sick of seeing you five and by 
that I mean the man Jynx and that foul demon Quazar running around thinking 
your invincible. Remember thou art mortal."

"Save the poetry."

"Also I'm tired of seeing you being so disrespectful to my sister."

"Ok, I tried to be nice. Little goddess you don't scare us so get up and go."

"Why you! I'm usually very nice but you people!"

Makido started to generate a new kind of fog that even surprised Tsunami. 

"Feel stupid now?"

The new brown fog seeped into Makido and slowly flowed back out in a black 
fog. The fog crept towards Tsunami but it went past her. A loud scream was 
heard, and then more and so on. 

"Ship's clear. Now let us take the ship."

"Makido! That's enough! Everyone leave this ship! Your coming with me! I plan 
on beating you until you learn to behave!"

"Why wait?"

Tsunami pulled her hand back and slapped Makido. 

"That it?"

"Why you!" 


She touched his chest and they both disappeared and Washu went with them. They 
reappeared on the ground. 

"Heh, Washu why're you here?"

"To carry your body out. I hope you don't think your gonna beat up Tsunami."

"Didn't plan on it. I'd rather kill right off."

Makido instantly generated a grey fog around him and when it was released 
several long, sharp icecicle looking object flew out and stabbed Tsunami 
several times." 

"Ok I'm done. I don't like fighting women."

"Honorable but it's a little late for that." 

"Hey wait a second if you protect Sasami where were you when your sister was 
raping her and K and I had to break it up?"

"What!? I didn't know! Washu!"

"Well......."

"Heh. That's what I thought see ya."

"Wait. Makido. Wether or not you can see it you have delivered an amazing 
blow. I'm offering you to stay here with me."

"And fight for all my life? No thanks."

"No, help me help Sasami."

"...........yeah alright. Wait I wanna get a pack form K first."

"Makido don't worry about those things. You'll be able to generate such 
things."

"Can I ever go back?"

"Of course. But only for a little bit."

".......sounds good. Fine." 

"Washu could you please tell everyone what is happening?"

"Yes. Well bye Makido."


"Yeah, bye. Tell everyone I said see ya."

"Ok."

"You two don't understand. You can visit as long as someone asks you to."

"What if I change my mind?"

"I'll ask you again. Once at the beginning of each year. If you change your 
mind you can go."

"Alright. Sure I'll stay."

"Great! Washu I'm sorry but I have to ask you to go now."

"I understand. See ya later."

Washu disappeared. When she reappeared she and everyone else were back on 
Earth's surface. Sasami looked concerned when Makido didn't come with her.

"Washu! Where's Makido!?"

"He's...I don't know where. He's with Tsunami."

"Is he coming back?"

"No. He wanted to stay with her. But he's gonna be helping her watch over 
you."

".........."

"You can call him like you do Tsunami."

"Really?"

"Yup."

"Alrihgt. Makido!" 

A dark cloud came down and Makido stood there now complete with new bat wings 
much like K and Epion's. 

"Sasami. Already?"

"Makido why? Why do you wanna leave us?"

"I'm not leaving, I can still come down every so often."


"Why don't you just stay?"

"For what Sasami? I have nothing here. At least there I can train and learn 
more."

"What about Kiyone?"

"............"

"I thought so! You haven't thought this through!"

"Sasami, please don't make this any harder than it has to be."

"Don't leave!"

"Sasami I've already made up my mind. Listen in a year I can rethink 
everything and come back if I want. But until then if ya'll wanna talk to me 
I'll have to be summoned."

"But only I can summon you?"

"No, everyone can. It's my choice if I wanna come down or not though. So if I 
ever don't I'm probably busy."

"How long can you stay each trip?"

"I don't know but I do know I can't leave then be summoned back. There has to 
be a time difference."

A greenish blue light appeared. It took no form but had a voice. 

"Sasami don't be sad. We'll both be looking over you all the time. So he'll 
still be with you even if you can't see or talk to him."

"Tsunami why are you taking him from me?"

"I'm not. He wanted to come."

"Makido........."

"Sasami, please. I still love you so don't think it has something to do with 
that."

"Did I make you mad?"

"No. Sasami it's just something I wanna do. Don't worry I'll come back 
eventually." 

"But Makido....."


"I'm sorry Sasami but...well it's something I have to do."

"It's time Makido. You have to go back now."

"I'm sorry Sasami. Goodbye."

With that Makido turned back into the black fog and faded away.

"Makido.........."

"Sasami try to understand. He's not gone just not around as often."

"Still....."

The group walked back to the house and Sasami did her best to hold her tears 
back. When they got back Kiyone and Mihoshi were in the living room with 
Tenchi. 

"Hey guys. Where's Makido?"

"He's gone."

"Gone?"

"Yes, he decided to stay with Tsunami on the ship, I think. I'm not to sure 
where he is but I know he's with Tsunami and is staying."

"Oh, Sasami are you alright?"

"I'll be ok."

"Kiyone what are you gonna do now?"

"I dunno. I suppose I have faith he'll be back some day."

"Kiyone you can summon him if you'd like but there are rules."

"Like what?"

"He can only stay for a few minutes maybe longer if there's a fight, he can't 
leave and come right back and if he wants he can come back in a year."

"Oh......I see." 

"Kiyone are you alright?"



"Yes I'm fine. Excuse me."

Kiyone left the house and went for a walk.  

"Oh Makido, I know you think you did the right thing but did you think about 
me? What am I supposed to do? I know he'll come back eventually. I guess I'll 
just have to go on with my life. Yes! That's what I'll do."

Kiyone became lost in thought and ran into a tree. 

"Ow. Ehhh. I wonder of he's watching me. Can he hear me when I talk? I hope 
so."

Kiyone stopped and looked up at the sky. 

"Makido! I'll wait for you but please don't take too long!" 

Meanwhile Makido was watching Kiyone and could hear her. Tsunami stayed with 
him while he adjusted to his surroundings. He adjusted well but was still a 
little taken from the mirrors that displayed images of his friends. 

"Tsunami, did I make the right decision?"

"Do you think you did?"

"I don't know. I'd like to stay here but am I being selfish?"

"Not at all. Makido you've givin' a lot for Sasami."

"Yeah but still. And what about Kiyone. I know I love her but what is she 
gonna do? Will she forget about me? Stay faithful? I don't know."

"Well Makido you seem to be improving upon yourself. I don't think your one to 
reconsider things."

"No I guess I don't but.....I can't help it. Where are we any ways?"

"Well there's no real name for it so why don't we just call it the other side? 
Basically it's a section on Sasami's ship."

"But aren't you Sasami's ship?"

"Yes. It's a little complicated. I am Sasami's ship and essence. I also am a 
goddess as is Washu so I can do pretty much anything. So this is possible. 
Think of it as...your inside me."

"But I'm talking to you. Your right in front of me...wait I get it. That's 
more or less disturbing."


"I know it seems odd but it's probably better not to think about it."

"Little late for that. Will I age here?"

"No, well you will but very slowly if at all. It's hard to tell. Your not like 
anyone else that's ever been in here."

"Ok. Now if I'm inside you does that mean I can roam the ship at will?"

"Yes."

"Alright."

"Why are you so curious?"

"I dunno. Because I'm human."

Tsunami giggled a little and covered her mouth.

"What?"

"Oh nothing."

"Please don't tell me I'm some kind of freak or something."

"No. You're a regular person. I'm just very interested in humans. I always 
have been and spend almost all my time trying to learn more about them."

"Wanna make a deal?"

"What kind of deal?"

"Seems like you want to learn as much as possible about humans and I'd like to 
learn more about the light hawk wings."  

"Yes......"

"Well I'll tell ya what I can about people and you tell em what you can about 
the light hawk wings."

"Well I agree but please understand that you cannot use the light hawk wings. 
I don't think your genetic code is correct."

"Well then. Let me know what you wanna know."



"What is love?"

"Love? Well love is...er..love is a strong mystic connection between people."

"Like friendship?"

"Yes, but it's a strong friendship. Very strong. Plus love tends to lead to 
other things."

"Like what?"

"Marriage, broken hearts, sex, children, death a lot of things."

"It seems that some hurt comes. Then why do you love?"

"We can't help it. Although love can hurt some people it feels real great 
while your in love."

"I see. I think I more or less understand."

"Anything else?"

"Yes, why do people have.....sex?"

"Feels good."

"That's it?"

"Yeah."

"Oh I see. I heard it hurts."

"I hear the same thing from girls."

"Have you ever felt pain?"

"Me sure. Not during sex but I've been hurt before."

"What is pain?"

"Discomfort. An extreme discomfort."

Tsunami's questions continued for days. Because he didn't age or get sick or 
drained or anything he didn't need to sleep so Makido could answer most of 
Tsunami's questions. After three days it was his turn.

"Finished?"


"Yes. I think I understand now. Now I will hold up my end of the bargain. What 
would you like to know about the light hawk wings?"

"How do they work?"

"What do you mean? I don't understand."

"Well like I can create magic by concentrating that power from my surroundings 
and the planet. How does one use the light hawk wings?"

"They don't. The light hawk wings come whenever someone that can use them is 
in danger."

"I see. How does someone get the light hawk wings?"

"You have to be able to concentrate a raw emotion. Like hate or love. After 
you concentrate it you let it go and it just comes."

"Then why'd you say my genetics weren't right?"

"You don't seem to fell hate or love, sorrow or pleasure. You seem to be a 
very cold person."

"..........."

"Don't be sad. I'm sorry."

"Huh? Oh it's alright. I just realized your right. Is there any other way of 
getting the light hawk wings?"

"Yes, if you kill someone with the light hawk wings you can acquire them."

"Perfect. Who all has the light hawk wings?"

"Me, Yosho, Tenchi and a few other people."

"Like who?"

"Your brother did."

"Damn it! I let Tenchi kill him! Will if I'm not mistaken I can kill him 
pretty easily."

"I'm sorry Makido but I couldn't allow that."

"I know. I probably wouldn't kill Tenchi."



"Good. If your determined to get the light hawk wings I suppose I can give you 
them. But for a price. You seem to like making deals."

"Ok. Well what kinda deal?"

"I've never experienced sex before."

"Oh I see where this is going."

Tsunami grinned and began to remove her clothes. She moved forward and tried 
to kiss Makido. He put his hands on her shoulders and pushed her back a 
little.

"What's the matter Makido?"

"Tsunami....I can't."

"Why not? Don't you find me attractive?"

"Yes, Tsunami your very beautiful but...I love Kiyone. Do you understand?"

"But your winning either way. You get pleasure and the secret to the greatest 
force in the universe."

"Tsunami I know all that but I don't love you. I love Kiyone." 

Tsunami tried to move in a Makido again. He generated a very small teal fog 
and two light beams zipped past him. The light beams were rigged and worked 
almost like buzz saws. Tsunami jumped back to keep out of their ways. She 
picked her clothes back up and walked away.  

"Ugh, I hope that was worth it."

"Here."

Tsunami came back smiling. 

"What?"

"I'm giving you the light hawk wings."

"Why?"

"Because you stayed faithful to Kiyone. Your love proved to exist so you do 
have emotions."

"I suppose."



"The more you use the wings the more powerful they'll become. If you 
concentrate you can summon them."

"Alright."

"I'll leave you to practice." 

"Thank you Tsunami."

"Mmhhmm."

Tsunami left and Makido tried to concentrate on generating the light hawk 
wings. It wasn't easy but eventually he did it. He spent days learning to draw 
the wings. When he mastered that he practiced spinning the one wing he had. 
After a few weeks he was able to generate 5 wings. He was rather pleased with 
himself. He now had 2 more than Tenchi and half of Tsunamis. This meant that 
he was half way to mastering the light hawk wings he learned the other 5 and 
learned to attack with them. Almost two months went by since he last seen 
Tsunami. He did learn how to generate objects so he decided to create a few 
small balls to attack him with a vary of weapons. Eventually Tsunami came back 
to see how he was doing.

"You know I'm more or less surprised that no one has summoned you."

"I'm not. I kinda figure they all forgot about me, but I think I'd prefer that 
as opposed to having people feel sad about me leaving."

"Yes. How's your progress."

"Well I'm happy with it. I'm up to 5 wings."

"What!? That's impossible! No one could possibly create 5 light hawk wings."

"I did. I haven't figured out how to attack yet but I'll worry about that 
later."

Two small portals opened up.

"What's that?"

"We're both being summoned."

"Dig it."

They jumped into the portals and appeared on Ryo-ohki in ship form.

"Um, hi?"

"Makido! Tsunami! We need your help. We're under attack from Nagi's ship!"


"Alright."

Tsunami and Makido stood still and a long light blue beam came form both their 
body's. 15 light hawk wings surrounded the ship.

"Ok, full speed ahead."

"Wait, 1....2...3..4..5 their's 15 wings. Why?"

"I am creating my 10 and Makido is creating 5."  

"Woah Makido, 5 wings. Impressive."

"Thanks. Ryoko are you through yet?"

"No, just a little longer. Nagi's not letting up."

"Ok, I'm gonna break this. Tsunami can you hold Nagi off by yourself?"

"Of course."

"Good. Ryoko is Nagi near the front or back?"

"Back." 

Makido turned to face the back of the ship. A silver fog covered the ship. It 
was released as a gigantic blast that almost annihilated Nagi's ship. After 
the blast Makido fell to a knee. 

"Makido are you alright?"

"Yeah, that spell takes a lot from me though."

"Thanks you guys." 

"Your welcome."

"Yeah, no problem. Hey wait a second. K toss me a pack. I'm all out."

K tossed Makido a pack of cigarettes but he disappeared before it reached him. 
Back on the other side Tsunami was giggling. 

"Hey why'd you pull me back?"

"You shouldn't smoke."



"I know."

"Then why do you?"

"I dunno."

"Hmmm. Did you enjoy seeing your friends again?"

"Kinda. I wish it were under better circumstances but..."

"Yes I understand. I'll leave you to your training. Um to attack just push the 
wings away from you." 

"Alright. Thanks."

"Your welcome."

"Tsunami what happens if I turn the wings inside out?"

"They'll explode and you'll die."

"I see."

Tsunami started to walk away.

"Hey wait."

She turned back sharply.

"You wanna hang out for a while?"

"What is hanging out?"

"Hanging out....well it's when your around someone but you don't really do 
anything. Just kinda keep each other company and talk sometimes."

"I see. Yes I think I'd enjoy that."

Tsunami and Makido started to lay around and just not do anything. 

"You know Makido it's almost been a year."

"Yup."

"I have a feeling you've been waiting for this?"


"More or less. I mean I like the idea of I can go home but I am gonna miss 
ya."

"I'm gonna miss you too."

"Will it be possible to come up or down or where ever we are and visit?"

"Yes."

"Great."

"You can go now if you'd like. I'll give you some lee way."

"No that's alright. If it's ok I'd like to stay for a little while longer."

"Of course. Makido....."

"Yes?"

"I think I love you."

"Tsunami...."

Tsunami didn't let him finish. She moved over to him quickly and deeply kissed 
him. This time he gave little resistence. When the kiss was broken Tsunami got 
up and walked away. Makido was laying in the woods when his eyes opened. 

"Whoa. Was that a dream? Did it really happen?"

Makido sat up and closed his eyes again. He hoped that he could return to the 
dream. 

"Makido?"

It was Ayeka. He opened his eyes to see the princess with an angered look on 
her face. 

"Ayeka? What time is it?"

"It's almost 11 at night." 

"Why are you out here?"

"I was out for a walk."

"How long have I been sleeping?"

"I don't know!"


"Eh."

Makido stood up and started to walk with Ayeka.

"Man I had the weirdest dream. I went to some weird place with Tsunami and it 
was like a trip."

"Makido that really happened. You've been gone for almost a year. Don't you 
remember?"

"I kinda thought it was a dream."

"No. A lot has happened since you left."

"How's Kiyone?"

" She fine. She's still stuck with Mihoshi. Listen Makido I was never able to 
ask you this but how did you create the light hawk wings, five none the less."

"Tsunami taught me how."

"You do know how powerful they are don't you?"

"Yes." 

They arrived at the house and went inside very casually. The first person they 
ran into was K. 

"Hey Makido. Your back."

"Yeah." 

"Ya have fun with Tsunami?"

K started to walk away laughing. 

"Huh? Whatever."

"Makido!" 

Mihoshi came running up to Makido.

"Wow! Your back! Where'd you go? Did you have fun? How'd you learn everything? 
Why haven't you gotten any older?"

"Woah Mihoshi. Slow down. I was on the ship. I think it's like a secret part 
or something. Yes I had fun. Tsunami taught me and I don't know why I'm not 
any older."



"Oh. Kiyone's been really worried about you. So was Sasami."

"Really?"

"Yeah they both didn't think you were coming back."

"Hey Mihoshi where is Kiyone?"

"She's in the living room."

"Alright. Do me a favor. Stay here. I'm gonna try to surprise her."

Makido walked into the living room as quietly as possible. Kiyone was sitting 
on the couch reading a book. She was all alone. This was perfect. Makido snuck 
up behind her and kissed her on the cheek. She gasped a little from the shock. 
She turned around and when she realized who it was she threw her arms around 
him immediately. 

"Oh Kiyone, I've missed you so much."

"Makido........I love you."

"I love you too."

Makido kissed Kiyone neck gently. 

"Makido.....what took you so long?"

"It was part of our deal. I'd stay for a year. She let me go early but we 
taught each other things."

Makido walked around and sat down with Kiyone. 

"What sort of things?"

"She taught me the light hawk wings and I taught her about people."

"You didn't do anything...did you?"

"No. She tried but refused."

"I wasn't really worried too much about that but still. Were you watching us 
all the time?"

"Not all the time."

"Could you hear us?"



"Of course. Why?"

"Nothing." 

Kiyone smiled to herself. 

"Are you here for good?"

"If you want me to be."

"Yes!" 

"How've you been doin'?"

"Alright. Not much has changed. Quazar left. He went back to The Echo Side." 

"Not too surprised. Just so you know. Every so often I'm going back."

"Why?"

"I feel sorry for Tsunami. She's on that ship by herself all the time. I'm 
gonna go up and visit every so often."

"Ok. Oh Makido you have no idea how much I've missed you. Being able to fall 
asleep in your arms. To walk in the forest."

"Kiyone I've missed you too. I counted every day, waiting for a year."

"Shhh, Makido just let me start now. Let me fall asleep in your arms."

Makido kissed her forehead.

"Goodnight Kiyone."

"Goodnight."

Makido generated a blanket over them and they fell asleep. 

-The End B!tch!!!!!!!!!