March 17 1998                   Surprises all Around

I should be able to end this series in about another five chapters or
so. Thanks to a friend, I am loaded with ideas and now I simply have to
try them.

LEGAL STUFF: All the characters and cabbit of Tenchi Muyo belongs to
Pioneer Inc. Don't sue me for I am merely borrowing your characters and
not making any claim on them. Samantha Jones is a character of my own
creation and thus, belongs to me.

Now, on to the story!
________________________________________________________________________

                                        CHAPTER 11

First Class Detective Lokeda Torson pushed the throttle forward and the
cruiser shot away from the Galaxy Police Headquarters. His destination
and new station were one and the same: Patrol of the Sol System
alongside his new partner First class Detective Mihoshi. Having been
briefed on the latest fiasco concerning the blonde detective, the
detective had to wonder just how she had survived her run in with a
Juraian ship.

Having read her file, Lokeda knew that she had been involved in
neutralizing Kagato, a notorious villain who had brushed off many
attempts at arrest by both the Galaxy Police and the Juraian Royal Navy,
and had brought in Dr. Clay, not as dangerous as Kagato, but dangerous
enough. And now she had been essential in rescuing Princess Aeka and an
Earthling who had been kidnapped by Seriyou.

Yawning, he rose from the chair and stretched his five foot, ten inch
frame as far as it could.

"Except for what has happened lately, the Sol System has been fairly
quiet. It's the perfect reassignment after that whole ordeal with..."
Lokeda stopped that train of thought and sat back down, rechecking the
computer to make sure that he had the course to Earth properly
programmed in.

Setting the ship to autopilot, the detective leaned back in the seat and
closed his eyes. Within a few seconds, he had drifted off to sleep.

                                *               *               *
Samantha opened her eyes and shut them almost immediately. The light
stabbing into them was far too bright and her eyes too sensitive to
handle it. There was a slight headache pounding its way along her brain
and her entire body felt like an old dish rag. She shook her head in an
effort to clear it, but stopped when a wave of dizziness passed over
her.

"*groan* Now I remember why I don't do a lot of drinking," she thought,
tossing the blankets aside and sitting up, being very careful not to
open her eyes.

Something came through the hangover she was feeling, a fragment of
memory from the night before. She studied it for a moment.

"Dad," she softly said.

Tears almost sprang to her eyes, but she pushed them back and focused
more on clearing her mind and body of the hangover. Taking a deep
breath, she connected to the chi in her soul and felt it wash through
her body. Focusing the power, she used it to scrub her body free of any
bad side effects. Opening her eyes, she sighed in relief and released
her hold on the chi, feeling extremely better.

A few minutes later Samantha, dressed in fresh clothes, came downstairs
and saw that the table was empty.

"Hi Samantha," Sasami said, coming out of the kitchen. "Did you sleep
well?"

"Like a rock. What time is it?"

"It's nearly eleven."

"Eleven?! I slept that long," Samantha said, totally shocked.

"Yes. I wanted to wake you earlier, but Ryoko said that it would be best
for you to have as much rest as possible," Sasami replied.

"Remind me to thank her later on. There any breakfast left?"

"Oh yes. I saved some for you."

"Thanks."

As Samantha followed the young girl into the kitchen, a loud shriek
sounded through the house. Samantha quickly realized that it had come
from Mihoshi's room and ran full tilt towards it, Sasami close behind
her.

"What! What is it," Samantha shouted, nearly tearing the door off its
hinges.

"I'm getting a new partner," Mihoshi shrieked happily.

Samantha sighed and Sasami giggled. Sometimes it seemed as if Mihoshi
would never change.

"Oh! He'll be here in two or three days! I've got to get ready," the
detective shouted, running around her small room and trying to clean up
the mess that it was in.

"Mihoshi, calm down! You've got three days before he arrives," Sasami
said. "Why don't you go out there and meet him halfway while I take care
of the room?"

"You would do that for me?"

"Of course, Mihoshi! Now you had better get ready if you're going to
meet him halfway!"

The blonde nodded rushed outside, tapping her wrist communicator once
and rapidly talking into it.

"A trip into space," Samantha thought. "Hey, Mihoshi! Wait up!"

"Yeah, what is it?"

"Do you think that I could come with you? I've never really seen the
Solar System and the last time we went out into space, it was not for
fun."

"Why, sure you can come with me! I don't see anything wrong with that,"
Mihoshi replied.

"Thanks, Mihoshi. Just give me a few minutes to change into some clean
clothes."

Twenty minutes later, Samantha and Mihoshi were in the detective's
cruiser and shooting out of Earth's atmosphere.
                                *               *               *
Aeka, sitting on the front porch of the Masaki home, stared up at the
receding dot and wished that she had a ship of her own to leave on. But
it would be many more months before Ryo-oh would be fully grown and her
parents would be on Earth in one day. She knew that he was coming not of
his own accord, but probably due to the persistent bugging from her
Masaki and Funaho. She could ask Ryoko for the use of Ryo-oh-ki and
leave Earth to patrol alongside Mihoshi. That would guarantee that she
would never see her father.

"Oh! How can I think such things," she said aloud. "I can not possibly
run from my father, no matter what he said to me. Oh, this hurts so
much! Why can't he see that I want to stay on Earth and with Tenchi?"

"Maybe it's because he's a father and is worried about you," said a
voice from behind her.

Aeka turned around to see Washu standing a few feet away, a concerned
look on her face. "Oh, good morning Little Washu. How are you today?"

"At the risk of sounding rude, I would say a bit better then you are
doing," Washu replied.

"And I would have no other answer, but to agree with you."

"Anything you want to talk about," Washu asked.

Aeka hesitated. Over the course of the months that they had lived
together, Washu had grown to become a good and valuable friend. She did
not think of her as a mother figure or something like that, but it would
be good to talk to someone. She had not even told Tenchi everything, and
he was the only person with whom she would talk about her feelings.

"Yes. There *is* something I would like to talk about."

"I'm going to take a wild guess and say it's about your father. Right?"

"As always, little Washu."

"Now you're just kissing up," Washu replied, taking a seat beside her.
"Not that I don't mind, but we're here to talk about you. So: talk."

"I..." The words stuck in Aeka's throat, as if she had eaten a jar full
of peanut butter. She tried it again, but couldn't say anything.

"I see. You're extremely nervous about him coming to Earth, right,"
Washu asked.

Aeka nodded.

"And you are also mad with what he said to you and vice versa."

Again the princess nodded.

"But now he's coming to talk to you about the whole incident. How does
this make you feel?"

Aeka thought about that for a moment, gathering her thoughts before
giving her answer. "I feel angry. Angry because when he comes to Earth
and we talk, all he'll have to say to me is how my loyalty should be to
Jurai and not to my feelings. I hold loyalty to Jurai as well as to my
family, but what about me? Am I selfish in wanting what every normal
person wants: someone to love and the chance for a family?"

"No, you are not selfish," Washu replied. "Your situation is just
different because of the position your family is in. But what you have
to realize is that your situation is not unique. You don't have to be a
genius scientist to realize that Royalty anywhere will not be happy with
anyone outside of the bloodline or whom they conisder to be unfit."

"But Tenchi is not outside of my bloodline nor is he of a lowly station.
Why does father have to be so... jealous of him," Aeka replied.

"Because he is your father."

Silence reigned between the two as they stared into the beautiful
morning sky.

                                *               *               *
"Hey Tenchi, do you need any help with that," Ryoko asked as she
appeared behind the young man.

Tenchi pulled out another carrot and tossed it into the large basket.
Fortunately, the fields had not been too badly affected by the blizzard
and there were still plenty of ripe carrots to be picked.

"Yes I do. It would be much appreciated," he replied.

"Say, have you heard," Ryoko asked as she began to pull up carrots.

"Heard about what," Tenchi asked, looking at her curiously.

Ryoko tossed Ryo-oh-ki a carrot before continuing. "Azusa, Misaki, and
Funaho are coming to Earth in a day."

Tenchi grimaced at that. The last time that they had come to Earth, they
had brought Seriyou with them. What if they brought another suitor for
Aeka that he would have to fight?

"What do you think they're coming here for," he asked.

"I'm not sure. Washu didn't tell me much beyond the fact that they were
coming to Earth," Ryoko replied.

Tenchi was silent and the two continued to pull up carrots, tossing an
occasional one to Ryo-oh-ki who meowed happily and ate them with all
speed.

"Ryoko," Tenchi said.

"Yes?"

"I just wanted to say, thank you for looking after me."

Ryoko blushed a little bit. "Oh, but I didn't keep an eye on you. I know
how you hate it when I do that."

"But I know you did. Who else would take Mihoshi's place? Aeka was
asleep and Sasami was looking after her. Washu was working in her lab
all night and Samantha was sleeping."

"It... It was no problem Tenchi. I was worried about you and just wanted
to make sure that you were all right."

The rest of the morning went quickly after that, lost under the working
of the fields and packing of the carrots in the shed.

"Here, I'll get it," Ryoko offered.

"It's okay. I got it," Tenchi replied, easily lifting the basket.

Tenchi wobbled back and forth under the weight of the carrots and Ryoko
went to help him. Unfortunately, Ryo-oh-ki got underfoot and Ryoko
tripped, accidentally bringing Tenchi down with her. Tenchi landed on
her, bringing their faces within an inch of each other. Both froze like
a deer in a headlight, unsure of what to do next. Then, Ryoko levitated
and stood Tenchi up.

"Maybe you could give me a hand with this basket," Tenchi said.

"Your welcome," Ryoko said as she took one handle and Tenchi took the
other.

The air was silent as the two went back to the house.

                                *               *               *
"Oh wow! I never knew just how beautiful the stars looked from here,"
Samantha said, starring out through the forward view.

"Yes, they do," Mihoshi agreed. "On really long and boring patrols with
my old partner, Kiyone, I would take the chance to just sit and stare at
them. It brought such a sense of peace."

The Galaxy Police Cruiser was now a few hours from Earth and moving
fast. At this rate, the two would meet the GP Shuttle carrying Mihoshi's
new partner on time. With Yukinojo operating the vessel, there was
nothing for the two women to do but talk. Seated in the bridge of the
ship, Samantha was leaning back in her chair while Mihoshi was reading a
book.

"What book you got there," Samantha asked.

"A romance novel..." Mihosi replied, cheeks blushing.

It was silent for a few minutes until...

"So, you and Noboyuki," Mihoshi started, looking up form her book.

"What about me and Noboyuki," Samantha asked.

"You know what I mean, silly!"

"No, I don't know what you mean."

"Huh? What do you mean you don't know what I mean? I thought you knew."

"No, I don't know. What is this all about, Mihoshi?"

"But aren't you and him... you know, going out and stuff," she asked,
blushing.

"No, we are not going out," Samantha replied, feeling her cheeks start
to heat up a bit. "Whatever gave you that idea?"

"When I saw you two... I mean, you know, uh right?"

The redhead looked at her friend, who was trying to get out the words
and was blushing immensely now. Something about this bugged her, yet she
couldn't place her finger on it.

"Spit it out, Mihoshi."

"I saw you two sleeping together!"

It hit her harder then a blow to the head, and she nearly fell out of
the chair. Her and Noboyuki? Sleeping together? The idea was just so
ridiculous. She had no interest in him, especially considering the age
difference between them.

"Is everything all right, Samantha?"

"You saw us sleeping together? When was this," Samantha asked, ignoring
the blonde's question.

"Last night, after you had gotten home with Ryoko and Washu from
visiting that bar."

Samantha's mind went blank. She had passed out from the bar from
drinking too much sake. She barely remembered being brought home, but
she did remember a weird dream that her father, who had spurned her
because of what she did, had been with her. The memories were still
foggy and had to clear, but it didn't take her long to realize the
possibility that she may have mistaken Noboyuki for her father.

"You don't remember? He was sleeping beside your bed and holding your
hand."

Samantha sighed, grateful that he had been sleeping beside her and not
with her. As she thought about it more, the fog continued to cloud her
mind and it would be a while yet before she could clearly remember what
had happened that night.

"I guess he must have played out the part for me, since I was drunk and
all, and then stayed with me throughout the night," Samantha thought.

"It was... nothing, Mihoshi," the redhead stammered. "He just, I mean, I
just thought he was my father and all. I was... really wasted and
that..."

"Oh, what a shame. You two would make such a good couple," Mihoshi
replied.

Samantha felt her cheeks go as red as her hair. "Mihoshi!"

"Sorry." The blonde giggled.

                                *               *               *
The young man walked into the newly refurbished main hall of his
father's hall and knelt before the throne settled at the end of it. The
white and blue Jurian robes that he wore covered his muscular build, but
did not hide his head, allowing people to see his light red hair and
bright blue eyes

"I am here, my father," he announced.

"You may stand," the young man's father commanded.

The father was a striking figure, the age of his many years of life
barely showing on his face. His long pink hair was carefully braided
behind him and his perfect blue eyes looked over his son with authority
and love.

"You have heard of Seriyou's disgrace." It was not a question.

"Yes, I have, father."

"Then you know what must be done to restore honor to the family."

"Yes, father."

"Good. In four days hence, with the Emperor's permission, you shall
travel to Earth via the subspace gate and speak with the crown-prince,
offering apologies from the House of Sirochi. I have already given
apologies for my son's behavior and actions to the Emperor, but it will
be awhile before he forgives us, and my Seriyou."

"Honor shall be restored, father."

For the first time since the two started speaking, the Head of the House
of Sirochi smiled. "Yes, Hirochi, I have faith that you will restore our
honor."
                                *               *               *
Aeka tried to calm her movement as she took the steps up to Yousho's
shrine. The message she had gotten from her father the night before
disturbed her immensely and she needed someone to talk to. Although
Tenchi had been her first choice, she admitted she needed her brother's
long years of wisdom more then she needed a shoulder to cry on.

Reaching the top of the steps, she saw her brother going through a
Juraian practice techniques, keeping his reflexes and skills honed to a
razor sharp edge. She waited until he was done before she came to him
with her problems.

"What is it, sister," he asked, finishing the last of his practice.

"Father, mother, and Aunt will be coming in tomorrow morning, and I am
uncertain as to how to speak with father," Aeka explained.

"Hmmm... Tenchi mentioned this to me only briefly during one of our
practice sessions. Perhaps if you told me everything, I would be better
prepared to help you out."

Aeka smiled. Yousho had waited for her to come to him for help instead
of digging around and trying to find out what had happened. She just
hoped that his many years of wisdom would help her out in her time of
need.
________________________________________________________________________

This chapter was basically a setup for allot of stuff next chapter.