                       Tears: Chapter 5

  Late that night, Ryoko lay on the bed, curled into a fetal position. After 
Washu had told her the truth, she had at first felt like her world had been 
shattered. The shock quickly turned into rage, rage against the men who did this 
to her. She had been ready to tear the station apart in order to kill Jackson 
and Malone, when Kiyone intervened. "Ryoko, I can't let you do this.", Kiyone 
said, "If you kill these men, you will become a wanted criminal for real. Let 
the law handle them. We have enough evidence to convict all of them.". Ryoko had 
still been ready to kill but was stopped by Kiyone's next sentence. "If you 
become a wanted criminal, you will lose your daughter. Tenchi let you adopt 
Mayuka because he knew you had been forced into killing. You've worked so hard 
since your release to put the past behind you. Don't let your anger make you 
throw it all away.", she pleaded.
  
  It was a titanic struggle, her rage and her love battling for supremacy. In 
the end, her love for May won. Ryoko loved her daughter more than life itself. 
The thought of losing her child simply to satisfy her desire for revenge was 
what convinced her to cool down.  She sat between Tenchi and Ayeka, shuddering 
with suppressed anger. Finally, she regained her self-control. Everyone breathed 
a silent sigh of relief. A beserk Ryoko was something no one wanted to try 
stopping, not even Tenchi. He felt that he would have had to use the Lighthawk 
Wings and most likely end up killing Ryoko. Thankfully, Ryoko had listened to 
reason and not let her rage consume her. 

  Seeing how distressed her mother was, Mayuka had started to cry. Ryoko had 
spent the rest of the afternoon reassuring her daughter. She reminded herself 
that babies reacted to the emotions they sensed, so she would have to control 
herself around Mayuka. She hadn't released her fury, only internalized it. It 
was still there, eating away at her. Ryoko didn't know how she would get rid of 
this anger, but she swore May wouldn't suffer because of it. 

 Dinner was a somber affair. While Ryoko managed to mask her pain from May, one 
look at her eyes revealed the truth. Afterwards, Tenchi and Ayeka sat next to 
her as she played with Mayuka. Ryoko was already hiding her feelings like she 
used to. Both of them were worried that she would be unable to talk about what 
happened. They prayed that Ryoko would accept their love and support and not 
feel she was alone. Not knowing what else they could do, they each put an arm 
around her, silently giving their love.

  When it was time for bed, Ryoko put May in Tenchi's room. She didn't want May 
to hear her screaming from the nightmares. Once Mayuka was tucked under the 
blankets, Ryoko kissed her goodnight, and headed to the room she shared with 
Washu. Washu had arranged for a king size bed to be swapped with the original 
twin beds. This made for a much more comfortable sleeping arrangement. She 
climbed in with her mother, and tried to sleep. Each time she fell asleep, the 
nightmares returned in full force, causing her to wake up screaming at the top 
of her lungs. Finally, Ryoko stopped trying to sleep, and spent the rest of the 
night curled up against Washu, shivering with fear.

  The next morning, Ami started therapy sessions with Ryoko. This first session 
was simply an introduction, a chance for Ami to get a feel for what would work 
best for Ryoko. The real work would begin once they returned to Earth, where her 
patient would be in familiar surroundings. She decided to concentrate for now on 
where Yosho left off, namely Ryoko's life under Kagato. Washu had given her all 
the tapes of the previous sessions and a complete psychological profile of 
Kagato as well. Reading the profile and checking the crimes she had been forced 
to commit, Ami was amazed that Ryoko wasn't in worse shape. It was true that 
Ryoko lived on the edge after her release, but on the whole she had been able to 
function in society with no major problems.
 
  As much as Ryoko wanted to leave, she would have to wait. The forensic team 
that had been dispatched upon Royal family's arrival had only just arrived on 
Earth and were gathering evidence. Also, the raiders still had to appear before 
the grand jury. This was expected to be a short affair, as there was enough 
evidence already to indict them. Ryoko had to be there, even though she wouldn't 
have to testify. Once the grand jury handed down the indictment, the raiders 
would face a criminal trial. 

  The grand jury would take place in one week. During this time, Dr. Kusunoki 
held long therapy sessions with Ryoko. While she mainly dealt with Ryoko's early 
life under Kagato, she also started asking her about the rape and her time in 
the cave. She needed to know how bad the events had affected Ryoko. This 
assessment would be entered as evidence at the trial. Ryoko could barely talk 
about the rape and gave only short answers to Ami's questions, in a voice filled 
with bitterness. Something about her tone nagged at Ami, but she couldn't put 
her finger on it. When asked what she remembered waking from the attack, Ryoko 
had started hyperventilating and shaking with terror. It had taken the rest of 
the day to calm her down. Clearly, the second time in the cave had strengthened 
the hold the it had over her. Ami wondered if Ryoko would ever be able to face 
her terror of the cave.

  The day of the grand jury arrived finally. A large crowd of reporters and 
cameramen waited outside the courtroom. While the grand jury testimony would be 
held in secrecy until all the indictments had been entered, that hadn't stopped 
the media from trying get more information. The news conference that Funaho held 
a little over a week ago had left many unanswered questions and no one had 
talked since. The media was desperate for an interview, and microphones were 
waved in front of everyone's faces as they entered. Ryoko, Ryo-Ohki, and Mayuka 
sat up front with the prosecution, as they were the plaintiffs. Washu, Minagi, 
Kiyone, and Mihoshi were all witnesses, so they had to wait outside the main 
courtroom. While an infant wasn't normally allowed in the courtroom for an 
extended period, Ami and Washu had prevailed upon the judge to allow Mayuka to 
stay for a very specific reason. This would be Ryoko's first time actually 
seeing her rapists. There was no telling what might happen if Mayuka wasn't 
there to act as a check on her fury.

  Throughout the proceedings, Ryoko held onto her daughter like a drowning 
person holding onto a lifeline. Over and over, she reminded herself that more 
was at stake than revenge upon her tormentors. She paid little attention to the 
testimony, though one statement did catch her by surprise. Neither she nor Ayeka 
had ever given much thought about what happened that night over Kurashiki. Yet 
Roberts was telling everyone that their little fight was what started this whole 
mess. After they moved the into the house, everyone had tried to keep a low 
profile. Even Ryoko had been forced to use a little discretion when Tenchi 
pointed out to her that displaying her power would bring the attention of 
Earth's media and destroy what little privacy she enjoyed. Ayeka was stricken 
with guilt that her arrogance and thoughtless actions had had such dire 
consequences. 
  
  What the jurors in the court found surprising was Minagi's heritage.  Yakage 
had lived in seclusion  during the years he researched his sword. During this 
time, he had hidden Minagi's existence so that he could train her to be worthy 
of his creation. After his death, Minagi had tried to be a "good" space pirate, 
attacking only corrupt government officials and other pirates. She'd had only 
limited success with her chosen career, mostly because her resemblance to Ryoko 
caused everyone to think the worst. Still, she had started to make a name for 
herself when she went to visit. Now she would have stay on Earth at the Masaki 
home until after the criminal trial. She didn't mind, since she knew Ryoko would 
need the support of everyone to make it through these trying times. 

  After all the testimony had been given, it took less than an hour for the jury 
to hand down indictments on all charges. The defense lawyers all asked for an 
extension so that they would be able to prepare their case. It was granted, but 
the request for separate trials for each man was denied. The prosecution 
correctly pointed out that since this was a conspiracy trial, they all should be 
tried together. The trial was scheduled to take place in six months, Earth time. 
Ryoko didn't feel any joy about the indictments, since Jackson and Malone hadn't 
actually been convicted of a crime. She still didn't trust the courts to give 
her justice, mostly because she had been a wanted criminal for so long. All 
Ryoko wanted to do now was to go home and get away from this madness. The 
continual hounding by reporters and the cameras was getting to her.  Also, the 
house was the only place she had ever felt safe. While it been attacked before, 
the Masaki home had been where she actually was able to live without fear. 

  Seeing how depressed Ayeka was, Ryoko sat down next her. "Ayeka don't blame 
yourself, I'm just as guilty. Don't forget I grabbed Tenchi's house and crashed 
Ryo-Ohki into that bridge. ", she said. Ayeka looked up and replied, "Yes, but 
my actions were totally uncalled for. I knew your warrants had expired and yet I 
still wanted you caught and brought to trial. Instead of transporting down 
quietly, I brazenly exposed Ryu-Oh to the general population, in violation of 
Jurain and Galactic law. I acted like the spoiled princess you used to say I 
was, and now you have paid the price for my stupidity.". Ryoko grabbed her and 
forced Ayeka to look straight at her face. "Damnit Ayeka,what's done is done. 
You can't change the past, you can only deal with the present. Believe me, I 
know all too well. I'd like nothing better than for all the horrors I've seen 
and done to have never happened, but that won't make the past go away. If it you 
makes you feel better, I forgave you a long time ago for attacking me that 
night.", Ryoko stated. 

  Ayeka was silent as she considered what Ryoko said. As much as it galled her 
to admit it, Ryoko was right. The past couldn't be changed, and it was useless 
to wish otherwise. The only thing she could do was give Ryoko the support she 
needed and try to learn from her mistake. Still, it was a harsh lesson that she 
had been taught. Ryoko left Ayeka to her thoughts and went to start packing for 
the trip home. She had made Ayeka face her guilt because she didn't want anyone 
blaming themselves for what happened. Try  as she might, Ryoko couldn't follow 
her own advice. Everytime she tried to express her pain, the rage and anger at 
what had happened came to the surface. She had accepted life under Kagato 
because she no basis for comparison. Kagato had kept her on Soja except for her 
missions, and then she had seen only death and destruction. Only after her 
release did she learn how good life was. For the first time ever, Ryoko had 
allowed herself to hope and dream. Her rape had hurt her in some ways worse than 
Kagato's abuse, because this time she was aware of what she had lost. 

  They left the station the next day. During the trip home in Yukinojo, there 
was one bright spot. Mayuka had managed to take her first steps, an event which 
everyone celebrated. Except for this one bit of happiness, the trip was dark and 
depressing. Ryoko was mentally exhausted from the lack of sleep. Even with the 
lights on and having Washu hold her couldn't prevent the nightmares.  Washu 
tried having Tenchi stay with her one night, but with no success. Against her 
better judgement, she gave Ryoko a sedative the second night of the trip, one 
specifically keyed to her physiology. It was the same one she gave Ryoko the 
several months ago, when she had her breakdown. Washu didn't like having to use 
drugs, since she and Ami both agreed that it was at best a temporary solution. 
The only reason she did this was Ryoko had fallen asleep while holding Mayuka. 
She woke up screaming in terror a few minutes later, and had scared Mayuka out 
of a sound sleep. After getting her daughter and granddaughter calmed down, 
Washu was forced to agree with Ami's assessment that until they reached home, 
Ryoko would need sleeping pills. After Ryoko was asleep, Washu had put Mayuka 
next to her, and then lay beside them both, cradling them in her arms.

  When Washu awoke, she had to smile. Ryoko and Mayuka were both sucking their 
thumbs in their sleep. After making sure to take a picture of them, she reached 
out and removed their thumbs from their mouths. Sighing, Washu thought about how 
there was still some small part left of the child Ryoko had been. Washu 
remembered how Ryoko had been forced to experience horrors that no child should 
ever have to. In order to survive, she had learned how to bury her emotions. 
Kagato equated emotions with weakness and he used every opportunity to remind 
her of this. Even her relationship with Ryo-Ohki had been watched carefully by 
Kagato. He would have destroyed Ryo-Ohki if Ryoko had shown any love or 
compassion to her, despite being so useful. Still, they had managed to hide 
their feelings from him and held onto a shred of hope that one day they would 
find a better life.

  Being trapped in that stasis crystal had been Washu's form of hell. Kagato had 
managed to block her from communicating consciously with her daughter, but he 
hadn't known all her secrets. She managed to communicate through Ryoko's 
subconscious, giving her hope that the living nightmare would end. Also, Kagato 
never knew about the link she possessed with Ryo-Ohki. He thought of Ryo-Ohki as 
nothing more than an animal, rather than a sentient being possessed of her own 
free will.  Talking with Ryo-Ohki had helped Washu keep her sanity through those 
dark centuries. When Yosho defeated Ryoko, it was Washu who told Ryo-Ohki what 
to say. She had had deep misgivings about his plan, but could see no other 
alternative to hiding Ryoko.

  Her worst fears were realized when Ryoko woke up. Washu's heart had nearly 
been torn apart at hearing Ryoko's screams. Had Ryo-Ohki been awake, she could 
have talked with Ryoko. Tenchi-ken's blocking of Kagato worked both ways. 
Although Ryoko was no longer under his influence, Washu didn't dare attempt 
direct communication. Kagato would have sensed this, and found where Ryoko was. 
With Ryo-Ohki asleep, Washu could only send dreams of hope and love to Ryoko. 
However, the dreams only reached Ryoko infrequently.

  It was Ryoko's suicide attempts that convinced Washu to take a huge risk. Each 
attempt had been harder and harder to stop. Somehow, Washu had get her out of 
that hellhole before Ryoko succeeded in killing herself. For a brief instant, 
Washu overpowered the block preventing direct communication. She sent the 
knowledge of how to create a replica gem with the energy that Tenchi-ken had 
allotted her, which Ryoko had been unconsciously storing. The effort severely 
exhausted her, and it was years before she could make contact with Ryoko again. 
When she managed to link with her daughter again, Washu's heart was eased. Ryoko 
had used the gem she unconsciously created to project her astral body out of the 
cave. Now Ryoko could at least see and hear the world around her, even though 
she couldn't interact with it. It was the best Washu could do for Ryoko. 

  Washu was just as amazed as Ryoko when Tenchi saw her. She sensed the hidden 
power within him and realized he could one day match or even surpass Ryoko's 
full potential. When Ryoko tried to comfort Tenchi the day his mothcr died, 
Washu was happy. Ryoko had learned to love, and one day she would be free. After 
Ryoko's release, Washu watched her daughter slowly learn how live a normal life. 
Her fighting with Ayeka was simply two rivals in love with the same man. Washu 
knew that soon however Kagato would find Ryoko, and she was worried that neither 
Ryoko nor Tenchi would be ready. 

  Kagato's attack was last time he would ever hurt her daughter. She felt 
Ryoko's grief when she thought Tenchi was dead. Later when Kagato turned Ryoko 
to stone, her heart sank. Then Mihoshi showed up and freed her from that stasis 
crystal. She immediately pulled Ryoko's astral form into the room and, for the 
first time in five millenia, established a direct link with Ryoko. To her 
sorrow, Ryoko had no memory of her and looked at Washu like she was some sort of 
monster. Hurt by the rejection, Washu tried to at least get Ryoko to call her 
"Mom". Ryoko had turned away without saying a word. Later, she had teased Kagato 
by saying she would let him go, even though she had no such intention. Washu had 
sworn that Kagato would rot in hell for his crimes. Her only regret when Tenchi 
killed him was it was too quick and painless. Washu had wanted him suffer a slow 
and agonizing death, so great was her hatred of him. Still, Ryoko and her were 
free forever of his evil.

  Once they settled in Masaki home, Washu tried to connect with Ryoko. No matter 
what she tried, there remained a huge gap between them, in part because she kept 
looking for the child that Ryoko had once been. Washu had a few pictures and 
other items  from when Ryoko was a child. These had been stored in the lab 
before Kagato had abducted Ryoko. Kagato had never been able to access her lab 
while she was in the crystal, and he hadn't dared release her. Washu would've 
turned Ryoko against him and destroyed him without any remorse. Washu had tried 
to jog Ryoko's memory by showing one of the pictures, but while Ryoko accepted 
the picture as real, it had no meaning to her. Perhaps the most poignant 
reminder of the gulf between them was when they babysat little Taro. Ryoko was 
clumsily trying to feed him when Washu without thinking had said that she didn't 
raise Ryoko to be a good for nothing. Ryoko had quietly replied that Washu 
hadn't raised her at all.  That simple sentence had cut into Washu's heart like 
a knife. Later, she had told the others about her lost son, in part to let Ryoko 
know she did have feelings also. Washu later realized that she should've tried 
to make peace with Ryoko when she revealed her adult form, instead of teasing 
Tenchi.

  The night she left Ryoko tied up in the lab had an unintended consequence. The 
scanner that she had on Ryoko had performed another task besides measuring her 
reactions. Washu had been trying to find the cause of Ryoko's memory loss. 
Before Ryoko would block her attempts, so she had needed Ryoko distracted so the 
scanner could work. Washu had wanted to cry when she saw the results. Kagato had 
physically damaged the part of Ryoko's brain where her childhood memories were 
kept. The damage could be repaired, but it would be extremely delicate work. 
Ryoko would have to  be completely immobilized during the operation, quite 
possibly for several days. Unfortunately, she didn't trust Washu after that 
night, and fought her every time Washu tried to do any tests. Washu had use the 
threat of exposing the video tape just to get her to submit. Ryoko would've 
never agreed to the operation and Washu despaired of ever getting her daughter 
back.

  Mayuka's rebirth had been the turning point in their relationship. When Ryoko 
had said she would set Mayuka straight, Washu decided to gamble. Raising a child 
would help Ryoko find the peace she needed, as well as providing an outlet for 
the love that she desperately wanted to give.  Washu had known that 
responsibility of caring for May would eventually fall to Tenchi, Ayeka, and 
Ryoko, and she wanted Ryoko to be Mayuka's mother. Once she understood that 
Mayuka needed her, Ryoko would respond. What Washu was worried about was Ayeka 
might bond with May as well. Ayeka had it in her to be a good mother, but Washu 
didn't think Ayeka was ready for the commitment that caring for a newborn 
required. Washu guessed right and her heart had soared when Ryoko declared of 
her own free will that she would take care of May full time. Tenchi may have 
freed Ryoko from the cave and given her a home, but it was Mayuka who ultimately 
freed her soul from its self imposed prison.

  The first day after her announcement, Ryoko had been run ragged trying to keep 
up with Mayuka's needs. Swallowing her pride, she had gone to Washu for help. 
Washu had learned from her mistake and didn't tease Ryoko. She had shown her 
daughter how to budget her time and set a schedule. Ryoko already knew about 
changing diapers, so Washu concentrated on the other aspects of caring for a 
baby. Besides showing how to prepare the formula and bottle feed May, Washu 
convinced Ryoko to try breast feeding Mayuka. She pointed out that breast milk 
was far better than any formula. Ryoko had agreed and let Washu do the necessary 
changes to her hormonal system. While she enjoyed the sensation of feeding May, 
she was too embarassed to do it in front of anybody, and only breast fed May at 
night or when they were otherwise alone. Watching Ryoko bond with May, Washu 
hoped that one day she would be a part of Ryoko's life again.

  Washu knew that as Ryoko healed, her keeping herself bottled up would catch up 
to her. When she had her breakdown, Ryoko had cried out in such raw pain and 
grief that Washu had no choice but to respond. After she had sedated Ryoko, 
Washu had had Tenchi set up a futon for them. She held Ryoko the entire night 
and morning, only getting up once to go to the bathroom. Sasami had brought 
breakfast for her, while Tenchi and Ayeka had looked after Mayuka. When they 
made peace with each other, it was one of the happiest days of her life. Ryoko 
had let Washu into her life, and no longer blocked her attempts to talk through 
the link. In return, Washu had given Ryoko her privacy when she wanted it, and 
didn't enter her mind without permission. This had been a very large sore spot 
with Ryoko, even though Washu did it because she had been cut off from her 
daughter for so long. 

  Until the raid, the past few months had been a wonderful time for Washu. The 
gap between them had largely been closed and Ryoko was beginning to trust Washu 
again. On the way home from Todain, Washu had been planning to talk to Ryoko 
about letting her perform the operation. Giving Ryoko her memories back would 
give her a point to stand on. The hole in her memory had often made Ryoko feel 
adrift and orphaned. Intellectually, she knew Washu was her mother, but without 
those memories, she couldn't make the emotional bond. Now the operation would 
have to wait, because there was no way Ryoko would be able to take the influx of 
the lost memories in her state of mind. Also, Washu wasn't exactly in a stable 
state of mind either, due to the pain Ryoko was in.

  Mayuka stirred and Washu belatedly remembered it was time to change her. It 
wouldn't do for May to have an "accident" while in bed. Grimacing, Washu 
remembered how much work it had taken to clean the onsen when Taro had visited. 
Washu picked up May and changed her before she even realized her diaper needed 
changing. Ryoko may have been still sedated, but Washu didn't want to have spend 
time making a cranky infant sleep. Once Mayuka was changed, she settled back to 
sleep. Washu put May between them again and got ready to sleep when an idea 
struck her. Looking at May peacefully sleeping between them, Washu became 
certain that she had found the answer to preventing Ryoko from having such 
horrible nightmares without the use of drugs. Ryoko had continually tossed back 
and forth while it was just Washu staying with her, but having a person on each 
side of her might just her make her feel safe enough to sleep. It would have to 
wait until they were home, but Washu felt confident she was on the right track.

  Ryoko awoke later that morning ship time with a much clearer head than the 
past couple weeks. Joining everyone at breakfast, she was in good spirits, in 
large part because they would reach home that night. Everyone was discussing the 
new living arrangements that would be needed. The house simply couldn't hold 
Misaki, Funaho, Minagi, Ami and her two year old son along with everyone else. 
Funaho would be staying on Earth long enough to arrange things with the Japanese 
and U.S. governments concerning the raiders and the Masaki household. She would 
then return to Jurai on Tsunami. Because Ami would be staying on Earth for an 
extended period, due to the complexity of Ryoko's case, Washu had reconfigured 
the part of lab near the door into an apartment for Ami and her son. Across from 
the apartment she created guest rooms for Minagi and Misaki. Funaho would stay 
with Misaki during her visit. Washu had her own private room further in the lab, 
where she kept her most precious items. Among them were the photographs of 
Ryoko's childhood along with her toys. She had blessed the day that she thought 
of storing these items in the lab rather than their home on Todain. Kagato had 
destroyed their home after the abduction in a attempt to erase their existence. 
Now Washu had physical proof of those happy days so long ago. All she had to do 
was unlock Ryoko's mind and she could share it all with her.

  Tenchi, Ayeka, Sasami, and Ryoko were shocked at how much damage the raiders 
had done. Kiyone had insured that the house had been left virtually untouched 
for the forensics team. The team hadn't cleaned up, only gathered evidence. 
Therefore the house was still a mess, with all the rooms torn apart. The only 
thing that forensics had done was bring the television and uniforms inside after 
they were finished, so Washu's security droids could insure they weren't 
unguarded. It was too dangerous to leave the set out in the open. The truck had 
been transported to Headquarters to be entered as evidence. Sasami was numb at 
the destruction of her beloved kitchen. Ayeka and Tenchi were in a similar state 
when they saw their rooms. Because Ryoko had practically no possessions of her 
own, her room was basically in good shape, but she burst into tears at the sight 
of May's room. Nobuyuki cried when he saw all the books in the library strewn 
about. The romance and other girls comics that Sasami and Mihoshi were so fond 
of had been Achika's prized possessions. Nobuyuki had kept all of them as a 
reminder of her, and seeing them scattered like that was too much. He felt his 
knees weaken and would've fallen had not Washu spotted him in time. She made him 
sit on the couch where he buried his face in his hands, sobbing silently. 

  Seeing everyone's reactions, Misaki immediately took steps to bring order back 
into the house. Barking orders like a drill sargeant, she put Sasami and Ayeka 
to working cleaning up the kitchen and preparing supper. Tenchi, Mihoshi, 
Kiyone, Minagi and Ryoko were assigned to general housecleaning. Taking her cue, 
Washu helped Nobuyuki pick up the library. Yosho was ordered to watch Mayuka and 
Ryo-Ohki while the cleaning was going on. The violation of the home had hurt 
everyone deeply. By forcing everyone to work, Misaki was insuring that they 
would restore harmony and peace to the house. Once the house was restored, Ryoko 
helped move all of Ami's stuff into the apartment. Ami was pleased that Washu 
had created such a large apartment for her. It was easily twice the size of her 
quarters on the station. She noted how Ryoko was definitely more relaxed now 
that she was home. This was good, because Ami planned to start concentrating on 
the rape counseling very shortly. She had decided on dealing with the rape 
first, because it was easiest to work past. The scars from Kagato and the cave 
were deeply ingrained in Ryoko and would take years to heal.

  Once she was settled in, Ami joined everyone in watching the news. The 
indictment was still the top news story, and the testimony was being picked 
apart. Only the evidence needed to show a crime had been committed had been 
entered, not the full story. The biggest question was why Ryoko had been 
affected so much by the cave. Despite the security precautions, word had gotten 
out of the state she had been in when she was brought to the Seventh. The 
tabloid news had used the lurid headline "Space Pirate Ryoko Catatonic!!" to 
fill the screen. Ryoko wore a mask of indifference, but her body language spoke 
volumes otherwise. Funaho made a note to have increased patrols by Jurai and the 
Galaxy Police. It was only a matter of time before the media figured out where 
Earth was, and began trying to get a story. The last thing Ryoko needed was the 
press hounding her in her own home. She had no experience in dealing with the 
press and was liable to lash out at some of less tactful reporters. Seeing the 
paparazzi get fried was a nice fantasy, but it would have serious repercussions 
in real life.

  After a very late supper, everyone just wanted to go to bed. Washu had talked 
with Ami about her idea, and Ami had agreed it was worth trying. For tonight, 
Ryoko would stay in Washu's room with Washu and Minagi. The bed in her room 
could easily accomodate all three of them. Washu would monitor Ryoko during the 
night, keeping the link open at all times. She would mainly catnap until she was 
certain Ryoko was sleeping peacefully. If it worked, Washu would put a big 
enough bed in Ryoko's room and rotate sleeping partners. Before she let Ryoko in 
her room, Washu made sure that all the toys, pictures, and other items from the 
home on Todain were put away. She didn't want Ryoko to see anything until her 
memories were restored. Only then would Ryoko be able to appreciate what Washu 
had to offer. The room itself was enough to hold Ryoko's attention. It was 
tastefully decorated and revealed a side to her mother that Ryoko never knew 
existed. Washu didn't tell her that the bed was from their original home on 
Todain, carefully preserved for the past 5 millenia. 

  After Ryoko got into the bed, Washu and Minagi lay on each side of her. 
Feeling warm and protected between them, she soon fell fast asleep. Throughout 
the entire night, Washu only saw peaceful, happy dreams in Ryoko's mind. She 
woke Ryoko once to feed and change May, and Ryoko was out like a light when she 
returned. Not since she was a child had Ryoko slept for a such long time on her 
own. Once Kagato understood that the gems removed the need for sleep, he forced 
Ryoko to continually stay awake. He told her she was a defective machine because 
she wanted to sleep. Keeping her mentally exhausted also made it easier to break 
her to his will. In the cave waking and sleeping were one and the same to her, 
so she found it extremely hard to sleep after her release. The most she was able 
to sleep at any one time was four hours in the sun. If Washu hadn't woken her, 
Ryoko would have slept all night and into the morning.  Washu was pleased that 
Ryoko was sleeping like a normal person again. Getting her to sleep regularly 
would be one more way of undoing the damage Kagato had done to her. Too, having 
a patient who could think coherently would make things much easier for Dr 
Kusunoki. She hoped that someday Ryoko could sleep by herself again, but for now 
it was enough that Ryoko was sleeping without any nightmares and without the use 
of any drugs. 

  That morning Ryoko woke up feeling much better than she could remember for a 
long time. She finally worked up the courage to ask the question that had been 
nagging her ever since Washu had told her about the rape. "Mom", she tentatively 
asked, " Am I ... pregnant?" Washu had been waiting for this very question. The 
fact Ryoko could ask this showed she was beginning to accept what happened. "No 
Ryoko, you are not in any way pregnant.", Washu confidently replied. Washu had 
managed to confirm this just before they left Seventh Headquarters. While she 
could have told Ryoko this outright, Ami told her to wait a few days to see if 
Ryoko would ask first. She had been unable to make any progress with Ryoko's 
rape counseling. A palpable sense of relief emanated from Ryoko as this fear was 
laid to rest. Washu had been relieved as well when she saw the test results. The 
thought of having to tell Ryoko otherwise had given Washu nightmares. Ryoko gave 
her mother a quick hug before leaving to get Mayuka for their morning bath. 
Washu hoped that Ryoko would respond to the counseling now, instead of keeping 
herself tightly wound up.  She didn't want to see Ryoko have a breakdown again, 
like she did several months ago. She sensed the pain Ryoko was keeping inside 
herself, but couldn't figure out what was holding her back. 

  At breakfast, Ami got to taste Sasami's amazing cooking. Now that they were 
home and the kitchen was back in order, Sasami had regained much of her normal 
spirits. She was able to throw herself into her art again, but she was still 
worried about Ryoko. She had always been great friends with Ryoko, in large part 
because she had been able to see the person hidden within the shell. Ryoko 
seemed to be better now that they were home, but Sasami knew how good Ryoko was 
at dissembling. Sasami had never known that Ryoko couldn't taste her food, but 
it did explain her eating habits and her inability to cook. Without a sense of 
taste, Ryoko couldn't judge whether or not the food was done. Instead, Ryoko had 
acted like she enjoyed her food simply out of courtesy. Sasami wondered why 
Ryoko had never gone to Washu for help.  It saddened her to know that Ryoko 
couldn't enjoy her creations. 

  Ami told Ryoko that therapy would start in one week. She said she needed time 
to settle in and learn about the people of Earth. What she didn't tell her was 
what she also had planned. Seeing the cave for herself had been high on her 
list. She had wanted to have Ryoko take her there in order to see her reaction, 
but immediately scratched that idea after that session on HQ. Instead she would 
have Prince Yosho take her. Ami wanted to record on film what it was like inside 
to show the jury.  Later on, she hoped to make Ryoko confront her terror of the 
cave, but it looked like it would be a long time before Ryoko would ever be 
ready to take that step. The success of Washu's experiment last night had given 
her some ideas on how to proceed in helping Ryoko deal with the cave, but it 
would have to wait. Getting Ryoko past the rape was the first priority. Ami had 
been a psychiatrist for too long not to recognize how much Ryoko was hiding her 
pain. Like Washu, she couldn't find out what was holding Ryoko back. Ryoko had 
over four thousand years practice in hiding her emotions as a necessary survival 
skill. She had only just learned how to open up and express herself. The rape 
had caused her to fall back with what she was familiar with. This was the worst 
thing she could have done. What had been a means of survival against Kagato was 
now working against her. Somehow, Ami had to get past the block  and bring the 
pain out into the open where it could be faced.  

   Ami visited the cave that day while Ryoko was in the onsen with May. What 
struck her the most was the absolute lack of any light in the cave beyond the 
flashlight beam.  When she tried turning off the flashlight, the darkness was 
like a physical prescence. The cave walls made the dripping water echo so that 
it was impossible to determine where it originated. She recorded the visit with 
both the light on and off along with audio. Upon leaving the cave, Ami was 
shocked to see that only half an hour passed. It had felt like an entire day in 
there, even with the light on. She wondered how Ryoko hadn't been driven insane 
being trapped for so long in there. Ami made a mental note to have a long talk 
with Washu about the psychic link she possessed with her daughter. She also 
decided that it was past time Washu received psychiatric counseling as well. All 
the information that she had gathered during her talks with Ryoko, along with 
the facts from Mihoshi's report, showed that Washu was seriously disturbed. Ami 
remembered the old adage about doctors making the worst patients and it was 
proven once more. Washu possessed degrees in so many disciplines, both medical 
and scientific, that she probably figured she could handle her problems on her 
own. As a result, her pride blinded her from seeing that she needed help.

  Once she was finished visiting the cave, Ami went back to the house and picked 
up her son, Kansuke. She took him exploring the lands around the home. Walking 
through the fields and in the wooded areas , Ami was glad she that she was 
allowed to live in such a beautiful place. She had been looking for a job 
planetside for some time now. Now that her son was getting bigger, she wanted a 
place where he could run and play instead of being cooped up in such cramped 
quarters. There was no shortage of babysitters here either, so Ami could 
concentrate on Ryoko's therapy without having to worry about what her son was up 
to. Kansuke's father was a Galaxy Policeman who had been killed in the line of 
duty. Ami had found out she was pregnant shortly after his death and decided to 
keep the baby. It wasn't easy taking care of him while on the station due to the 
irregular hours she was required to work, but she managed. Here on Earth, Ami 
could keep a more regular schedule. She realized that counseling Ryoko and Washu 
would be a full time job in of itself. 

   Ami was impressed with the onsen that Ryoko had created. After enjoying a 
nice hot bath with her son, she joined the others in the living room. All the 
women were glued to the t.v. watching the soaps. Sasami still covered Ryo-Ohki's 
eyes during the juicy parts, but Ayeka no longer did the same to her. While not 
a fan of them, she did watch on occasion. Today, she mostly watched Ryoko. 
Ryoko's guard was down and Ami hoped to catch some hint of what was holding her 
back. Ryoko just held onto May and didn't give any clue. After soap time, Ami 
had Ayeka watch her son while she went into town with Washu. During the trip, 
she asked about Washu's psychic link. Washu told her about the Masu and how she 
had created Ryoko. Since she possessed telepathic abilities of her own, it had 
been easy to create a bond between them. The Masu in Ryo-Ohki were what enabled 
Washu to communicate with her as well. Ami then asked how they had managed to 
hold onto their sanity during those millenia. All Washu said was freeing Ryoko 
had been her focus during that time and after Kagato's death, she had tried to 
connect with Ryoko. Ami used this opening to point out that her actions had 
driven Ryoko away instead of bringing them together. She told Washu that 
starting next week, Washu was to report to her for counseling. Washu protested 
but after Ami reminded her what she had done to Ryoko, especially the night in 
the lab, she relented.

  That night Washu had Misaki and Sasami stay with Ryoko. Both of them reported 
that Ryoko had fallen asleep within minutes of them laying next to her. Washu 
made a small earpiece with an alarm clock in it so Ryoko could be woken for 
Mayuka without disturbing the others. The next night, Kiyone and Mihoshi had the 
same results as well. Kiyone said it was kind of spooky the way Ryoko fell 
asleep so fast. Mihoshi replied that Ryoko had years of sleeping to catch up on, 
so it was no wonder she slept like a log. It was Tenchi's and Ayeka's turn that 
was interesting. Tenchi had been nervous at first, but relaxed when Ryoko 
promised to behave. Ayeka hadn't minded Ryoko sleeping next to her. Ryoko's body 
temperature was several degrees higher than human or Jurain, so it was like 
sleeping in a heated bed. What she did object to was Ryoko rolling over and 
pinning her arm. She swore that Ryoko had to be twice her weight, because her 
arm was like rubber by the time she managed to free it.

  Washu told her it wasn't polite to ask a woman's weight. Ayeka glared at her, 
and said she'd like to see Ryoko use her a pillow. Washu only smiled and said it 
Ayeka's imagination that Ryoko was so heavy. She certainly wasn't going to tell 
her that Ryoko was three times Ayeka's weight. The Masu had given Ryoko much 
denser bone and tissue structure than a normal human. Even without her gems, her 
speed and strength were superhuman. As a result of her origins, Ryoko may have 
looked lightweight, but she actually was close to 400 pounds of solid muscle. 
She levitated most of the time, so it was easy to misjudge her true weight. And 
yes, Ryoko had used Washu as a pillow when she was little more than a toddler.

  Washu remembered how more than once she'd put Ryoko to bed in her own room, 
only to wake up in the middle of the night with a VERY HEAVY child sleeping on 
top of her. Most of the time Ryoko did it because she was lonely. However, 
sometimes she did it for a more practical reason, namely she had wet her bed.  
Washu had taken a picture once in order to have proof Ryoko was a normal child 
in every way that mattered. After that, she had set out to break Ryoko of any 
more bed-wetting, since Washu did NOT like having clean up the mess. This was 
also when Washu had decided to create Ryo-Ohki. Washu had broken Ryoko of the 
bed-wetting, but hadn't been able to break her of sucking her thumb just yet. 
Now Washu was fighting five thousand years worth of a bad habit. She sighed and 
thought oh well, a mother's work is never done.  There was one consolation for 
Washu. Mayuka would be out of diapers soon, and Ryoko would have to put up with 
the same thing she had put her mother through. Unfortunately, Ryoko still let 
May suck her thumb, so Washu now had two babies that had to be broken of a bad 
habit.

  Washu may have found a solution to Ryoko's insomnia, but there was still one 
question that had to be answered. Did Ryoko need two people all night, or could 
she be left alone after she fell asleep?  It was Washu's and Minagi' s turn that 
night and Washu meant to find out. After Ryoko had entered the deepest phase of 
sleep, Washu would deliberately leave and have Minagi leave as well. She would 
record Ryoko's reaction both through the link and by holocomp. Ami would be 
present as well so there would be independent verification. At first, Washu 
wasn't going to tell Ryoko what she had planned. Both she and Ami were worried 
that if Ryoko knew, her reactions wouldn't be genuine. After thinking about it, 
Washu decided to tell Ryoko anyway. If Ryoko had nightmares again, she would 
most likely feel betrayed by Washu. She had barely accepted Washu's entering her 
mind at HQ, and only because Washu did it to save her from falling back into 
that hellish nightmare. She would never accept this, and would look at Washu 
with distrust again.  Washu had gone through too much to win Ryoko's trust, and 
swore never to lose her daughter again. Ryoko accepted Washu's plan, and thanked 
her mother for trusting her. 

   Ryoko would stay in Washu's room again. She absolutely loved the bed and had 
begged Washu to make her one just like it for her room. Washu had been glad to 
do it, and remembered how Ryoko had loved the bed when she was a child. It 
gladdened her to know that Kagato hadn't managed to destroy all of Ryoko's 
personality. Once Ryoko was asleep, Washu waited for her finish the dreaming and 
enter deep sleep. When she was certain Ryoko was sound asleep, Washu left the 
bed and made Minagi get up. She then watched for any reaction by Ryoko. Washu 
didn't have long to wait.

  Almost immediately, Ryoko's breathing and heartrate jumped. Her brain activity 
spiked off the chart and Washu could sense the nightmares invading Ryoko's mind. 
Barely five minutes after she was left alone, Ryoko woke screaming in terror, 
her whole body shaking and her face white as a sheet. Ami was shocked at how 
quickly Ryoko woke and the severity of her reaction. While she had worked with 
victims of torture and abuse before, never had she seen the expression of pure 
fear and terror that Ryoko had. Washu held her frightened daughter close to her 
and let Ryoko cry. She put Ryoko back into bed and told her to sleep herself 
out. Washu had already arranged for Ayeka to change May that night. Even after 
Minagi climbed into bed, it took half an hour for Ryoko calm down enough to 
sleep. Once she fell asleep, Ryoko didn't wake up until 10:30 A.M., nearly seven 
hours later. Sasami had brought breakfast for Washu and Minagi at 7:00 A.M., and 
Ryoko hadn't even stirred. Washu had told her to set aside some food for Ryoko 
and have Ayeka bathe and feed Mayuka. After breakfast, May had let everyone know 
that she wanted her mother, so Tenchi brought her into the bedroom. After 
playing for several hours with Washu and Minagi, Mayuka had lain on top of  
Ryoko and fallen asleep. When Ryoko got up, she carefully picked May up and 
carried her into the living room.

  Ami was waiting for her on the couch. She told Ryoko that she had seen enough 
and it was time to start counseling sessions. She had arranged to have use of 
the shrine office during the afternoon for their sessions. Ami said, "Ryoko, I 
don't know what's preventing you from opening up, but we're going to find out. 
You need to face what's happened and put this behind you. Each weekday after 
lunch,starting today, I want you at the shrine office for therapy. We'll break 
for your soaps, and then continue until supper. I've held off from pushing you, 
but not any more." Ryoko was troubled by this announcement, but had been 
expecting it. Ami had said before that the therapy would be more intense once 
they were on Earth. At least she could face her therapy sessions with a clear 
head now that she was sleeping regularly. Ryoko had tried to express her rage, 
but didn't know how.

  As summer turned into fall, Ami was true to her word. She kept pushing Ryoko, 
trying to get her to open up. Each session was more and more frustrating as 
Ryoko's inability to talk about the rage and anger that she felt prevented her 
from making any real progress. The closest Ami got was after one particularly 
grueling session. Ryoko had blurted out,"Look Dr. Kusunoki, I want more than 
anything to tell you how I feel, but I CAN'T!! I don't know the words." Ami had 
ended the session early, and told Ryoko to take the next day off. They both 
needed a break, and Ami had to consider what Ryoko had said. The counseling 
would continue in two days. Washu's counseling was going far easier. Each time 
she had been hesitant about talking, Ami had reminded her of the price she had 
paid. Yosho had made a good start with Washu, but Ami felt Washu really should 
have sought professional help. 

  Two days later, Ryoko didn't show up for her session. She had disappeared 
after feeding Mayuka that morning and no one had seen her since. Everyone was 
worried that something had happened to her and immediately began searching. 
Ayeka found her an hour later in the last place anyone expected her to be. She 
was lying in a drunken stupor in the entrance to the cave. Ayeka was shocked, 
since Ryoko hadn't touched a drop in over a year, almost exactly the day after 
she took over Mayuka's care. Before that, Ryoko had been a very heavy drinker. 
Judging from the pile of sake bottles and the time frame she had to drink, Ryoko 
must have guzzled every bottle. A puddle of vomit gave credence to this theory. 
Scared that Ryoko had done this to herself, Ayeka pulled her out of the 
entrance. She had Azaka and Kamidake carry her to the house and called 
desperately for Washu.

  Washu was furious at both Ryoko and herself. While Ryoko had clearly been at 
fault this time, Washu berated herself for not seeing the signs earlier. Ryoko's 
drinking had always worried Washu, but she felt she didn't have the right to 
criticize Ryoko. When Ryoko stopped drinking, Washu thought the problem had been 
solved, but evidently she was wrong. Washu was about to wake Ryoko up, when Ami 
spoke up. "Washu, maybe we can turn this to our advantage.", Ami said,"Ryoko 
told me she wants to talk but she couldn't. It's not the rape but something else 
that's holding her back. Let me try something with her." Washu looked at her and 
said," What do you have in mind?". Ami replied,"I put myself through med school 
by working as a bartender. You'd be amazed at what a person will say when 
they've had a few drinks and someone who'll listen. I say we take Ryoko to a bar 
and get her drunk enough to talk. Maybe we can bring what's bothering her out 
into open. Everything else I've tried hasn't worked, so it can't hurt." Washu 
thought about this and nodded. "Alright, I'll go along with your suggestion, but 
it'll have to wait until at least tomorrow night. Ryoko hurt May with this 
little stunt and she must be punished," Washu said. Ami accepted this and left 
Washu alone with her daughter.

  Washu scanned Ryoko first. While she could have erased the effects of the 
alcohol and woken her with no hangover, Washu wanted to make a lasting 
impression. Ryoko had gone too far this time and there was no excuse for her 
behavior. The punishment she had in mind would make sure Ryoko never did 
anything like this again. While Washu didn't like having to do this, it had to 
be done. When she was certain the settings were correct, Washu stepped out of 
Ryoko's line of sight and woke her wayward daughter.

  Ryoko woke with the worst hangover she had ever had. She felt like she wanted 
to die. As her brain started functioning, she remembered going to the cave to be 
alone with her thoughts. As the frustration built within her, without thinking 
she took a drink from the stash she had hidden before May's appearance. Even 
though the sake had gone bad, there was still plenty of alcohol left. Ryoko 
didn't notice the taste, and before she knew it, she had killed the entire 
bottle. The alcohol made her feel good, so she immediately started on another. 
In no time at all, Ryoko had drunk the entire stash. She had no idea how much 
time had passed, only that the pain had dulled. Now she felt even worse than 
before. When she felt Ryoko was fully awake, Washu made her move.

  "JUST WHAT THE HELL DID YOU THINK YOU WERE DOING!!", Washu yelled out loud and 
through the link. Excruciating pain lanced through Ryoko's head. She looked up 
to see her mother standing over her in a towering fury."While you were drowning 
your sorrows, Mayuka's been wanting her mother," Washu said in a more normal 
tone. Ryoko gasped as she remembered she was only going to the cave for a few 
minutes before spending time with Mayuka. How long had she been out? Haltingly, 
Ryoko said,"I'm sorry, I didn't think."

  SMAACK!! Ryoko's cheek burned as Washu dealt a stinging slap to her face. 
"YOU'RE DAMN RIGHT YOU DIDN'T THINK!!", Washu screamed. Ryoko lay on the couch 
in shock. Washu had never hit her and the guilt she felt hurt as much as her 
face. Tears of shame fell down her face as the full impact of her actions hit 
her. Washu waited for few minutes to be certain Ryoko was focused on what she 
had done. "Until now, you've basically stayed out of trouble. I didn't want to 
discipline you while you were fighting with Ayeka or making a drunken fool of 
yourself,in large part because I felt I didn't have the right. You managed to 
stop fighting on your own, and actually started being a responsible adult with 
Mayuka. I hoped you had broken free of Kagato's brainwashing when you opened up, 
but I see now you still are in his shadow," Washu said.

  "Kagato is long dead, and Zero showed you how to express yourself, but you 
still insist on acting like you are his slave. It was your keeping yourself 
locked up and refusal to ask for help that led to this drinking binge. Don't 
think for one instant that this excuses you, because this time you knew better. 
Ami and I have been trying to help you and you've fought us all the way. Well no 
more, Ryoko. First, you are going to face the consequences for this little 
incident. Then once I feel you've learned your lesson, I'm going pound it into 
that thick skull of yours that you are a human being and not Kagato's slave," 
she continued.

  Ryoko was a little afraid at what the consequences might be. Washu was right, 
there was no excuse for what she did. Good, Washu thought, she's admitting she 
was wrong. She then helped Ryoko sit up and then sat down next to her. "You've 
disappointed me greatly this time. I'm going to give you a chance to redeem 
yourself. If you accept your punishment, nothing more will be said. Everyone has 
agreed to abide by my decision. Otherwise, I will take care of Mayuka until Ami 
declares you fit to be her mother again.", Washu spoke quietly. Ryoko looked 
stricken at Washu's last sentence, since she knew her mother was fully capable 
of doing just that. Fearfully, she waited for her punishment.

  "I am going to get Mayuka. I want you to go to the bottom of the shrine steps. 
You had best be waiting for me by time I meet you there. Once I get there, you 
will do whatever I say, until I declare your punishment over. I don't want to 
hear any complaining. Before I go, there is one more thing," Washu stated. She 
concentrated and Ryoko's gem flared. It detached itself from her wrist and 
floated into Washu's hand. Ryoko felt the same pain that she had when Yosho took 
her gems. "As far as I'm concerned, you've lost the right to have this. When I 
feel you've earned the right, I will give it back to you.", Washu said,"Now, get 
moving."

  Muscles and joints protesting, Ryoko forced herself to head to the shrine 
steps. She didn't see anyone, for which she was grateful. She felt miserable and 
couldn't bear to look at anyone. After Ayeka had brought Ryoko inside, Misaki 
had made everyone go into the lab, so that Washu could discipline Ryoko without 
an audience. This task was for Washu alone, and no one could interfere. Ryoko 
barely got there in time and had just sat down when Washu arrived with May. 
Mayuka was wearing a sundress and big floppy hat to protect her from the sun. 
Even though it had just turned into fall, the days were still quite warm. 
Pulling pails, brushes and cloths from subspace, Washu handed everything to her 
daughter. She told Ryoko that she was to wash every single step leading to the 
shrine by hand. 

  Ryoko quailed at the thought of cleaning all those steps, but she remembered 
what Washu said. Slowly, she started cleaning. By the time she reached the first 
landing, she was already feeling the effects. Her muscles were cramping from the 
unaccustomed exertion. Without the gem, she experienced hunger and thirst again. 
The hot sun and massive hangover only added to her misery. Halfway through, 
Ryoko was drenched in sweat and shaking with exhaustion. Washu stayed off to the 
side, helping May practice walking and watching her daughter. She chose this 
punishment in order to break Ryoko's defenses. As the sun set, Mayuka became 
tired and hungry, and wanted to be with Ryoko.

  Through the link Ryoko pleaded with Washu. Coldly, Washu asked why should she 
allow Ryoko to care for Mayuka, since Ryoko had neglected May for the bottle. 
Ryoko could only say that to Mayuka, she was still her mother. Keeping her away 
would hurt May. Sarcastically, Washu said now Ryoko was considering May's 
welfare. She let Ryoko feed and change May anyway. Afterward, she gave Ryoko a 
floating bed for Mayuka to nap in. Once May was asleep, Washu told Ryoko to 
continue washing the steps. 

  It was late in the evening when Ryoko finished the last step. She was going on 
pure willpower and collapsed on the walkway. Washu summoned a floating cushion 
and helped Ryoko on it. She told Ryoko that her punishment was over and she was 
forgiven. Supporting her daughter, Washu handed a drink to Ryoko. "Don't worry, 
it isn't laced like the last time," Washu said. Ryoko had figured out already 
that Washu had sedated her that night. "It's just something to replenish the 
fluids and electrolytes you lost today. Your body is too used to having the gem 
support it. Besides, you need a bath. Tenchi and Ayeka won't appreciate me 
putting you to bed smelling like this." Ryoko smiled, since now that she thought 
about it, she did stink to high heaven.

  After Ryoko was finished drinking, Washu connected May's bed to the cushion. 
They rode down the steps to the onsen. Ryoko could barely keep her eyes open. 
Washu had to undress and bathe her, since Ryoko was dead tired. Mayuka woke up 
and Washu put her in Ryoko's lap. It took all of Ryoko's concentration to hold 
May so she could nurse her. After May was finished and burped, Washu bathed her 
as well. She then called Minagi and had her pull Ryoko out, since there was no 
way Washu could lift that much dead weight. Ryoko had fallen asleep along with 
her daughter, so Washu had to dress both of them for bed. She then had Minagi 
put Ryoko in bed with Tenchi and Ayeka. Both of them were asleep and had to be 
woken. Once Ryoko was safely between them, Washu put May next to Ryoko. Letting 
May sleep with her would show Ryoko that everyone had indeed forgiven her.

  The next morning, a loud rumble from Ryoko's stomach woke everyone in the bed. 
Red-faced with embarrassment, she said that this had never happened to her. 
Tenchi and Ayeka both laughed and told her it just showed she was human. Mayuka 
giggled at the funny noise Mommy made. Tenchi left so he could get dressed for 
school, while Ayeka helped Ryoko get up. Ryoko was still tired from yesterday's 
exertions and her body craved food. Gritting her teeth, she forced herself to 
walk downstairs for breakfast. Washu was waiting for her, and told her to come 
to the lab first. Wondering what her mother wanted her for, Ryoko slowly 
followed Washu. Washu led her to the medical section and had her lay down on a 
waiting table. With a thought, Washu changed into a doctor's outfit, and 
activated several machines. "Ryoko, as you've already noticed, your  body is 
reasserting it's needs without the gem to sustain you. I never meant for you to 
continually depend on the gems to survive. Kagato did that as one more way of 
degrading you. Do you remember him eating a full course meal in front of you and 
Ryo-Ohki?. When you begged him for something to eat, he beat you almost to 
death. He told you machines don't need to eat. Your sense of taste was lost from 
disuse. During your imprisonment, the Masu kept you alive, but your digestive 
system further shrunk," Washu said.

  Ryoko did indeed remember that day. Curious as to what Washu was planning, she 
waited for her to continue. " I brought you here, because I'm going to do what I 
should have done years ago. Sasami was very unhappy to learn that you can't 
taste her cooking. Today, I'm changing all that by giving you your sense of 
taste back. However, it comes with one condition. Just as you're sleeping 
normally again, I want you to start living like a human being, not a machine. 
That means feeling the need for food and drink and the physical need for sleep. 
Therefore, I don't want you wearing the gems at all until you've gotten used to 
being human again. I told you I was going pound it into that thick skull that 
you are a human being, and this is where it starts", Washu stated. Ryoko was 
little nervous at not wearing her gems, but she agreed with Washu's request. The 
thought of no longer lying to Sasami and actually being able to taste her food, 
was what decided her. Ryoko had often wished she was normal like Ayeka and 
Tenchi, and now Washu was offering her a chance.

  The operation only took half an hour to restore her taste buds and confirm her 
digestive system was ready. Whenever Ryoko ate before, the gem would provide the 
sustenance she needed. The only benefit she derived was the replenishment of 
trace minerals she needed. The rest of the food she ate was converted to energy 
by the gem and stored for use later. Now her digestive system would work like it 
was supposed to, though her metabolic efficiency was still much higher than an 
ordinary human. Her tongue felt very strange and she couldn't wait to experience 
this new sensation. When she went back to the kitchen, the smell of the food 
alone almost overwhelmed her. While she did possess a sense of smell, her taste 
buds worked with her olfactory receptors to open up a whole new vista.

  Her first taste of Sasami's cooking was heavenly. Washu had told Sasami 
earlier to start with simple fare, so Ryoko could get used to tasting again 
without being overpowered. Ryoko would have eaten everything in sight, but Washu 
made her stop after a couple of dishes. She was showing signs of sensory 
overload and needed time to digest, both figuratively and literally. 
Reluctantly, she left the table and helped clean up. Sasami saw her look at the 
rest of the food with same intensity as Ryo-Ohki looked at her carrots. She made 
a note to have Washu do something about protecting the food, since Ryoko was far 
smarter and sneakier than Ryo-Ohki.

  After breakfast, Washu took Ryoko and May for a walk. Minagi was at the shrine 
practicing with Yosho. She had said she needed to keep her combat skills sharp, 
so Yosho welcomed the chance for Tenchi to have a new sparring partner. Before 
Mayuka's rebirth, he had convinced Ryoko to practice with Tenchi. Now that she 
was caring for Mayuka, she simply didn't have the time. She also said that being 
a mother to May was more fulfilling to her than fighting. Ryoko did say that she 
would work out, but only to be able to protect her daughter and family. 

  Washu led Ryoko to Funaho's pond. She motioned for Ryoko to sit with her at 
the edge. As Ryoko sat down, Washu was figuring out what to say to her about 
going to a bar tonight. While she had told Ryoko about her sleep test, this time 
Ryoko couldn't know what the plan was. If she knew what was planned, she'd throw 
up the wall around herself again. Mentally, Ryoko was still exhausted from 
yesterday and now was the time to draw her out. Washu then remembered Ayeka's 
description of the stash of sake bottles. The quantity of the bottles and the 
alcohol content showed Washu that Ryoko was most likely an alcoholic. Washu 
could use the excuse that she needed to see how bad Ryoko's drinking problem 
was. 

  "Ryoko, I want you to know that I took no pleasure in punishing you like that. 
I did it to make you understand that there some things that I will not tolerate. 
If I had just let you off with a scolding, then you would have thought that what 
you did wasn't really serious. Parenting is more than just giving a child love. 
It is also laying down rules that form a moral foundation. Without those rules, 
you can't know right from wrong and act accordingly. When you told me how much 
you hated my child form, I realized how desperately you wanted me to be your 
mother, not some child. Ever since your release you've been floundering about, 
trying to learn how act like a normal person."

  "Until last night, you've managed to do quite well for yourself. I have Tenchi 
to thank for that, since I can't claim any credit. However, I am still your 
mother, so it was my duty to punish for you this. Someday, you will have to do 
the same thing for May, even though it'll break your heart to do it.", Washu 
quietly told Ryoko. Ryoko had nothing to say, and just sat thinking about what 
Washu told her. After a few minutes, Washu continued. "Tonight, we're going into 
town. I need to know just how bad you've been bitten by the bottle. We'll visit 
one of the bars, and see what happens. If you do indeed have a drinking problem 
like I suspect, it won't be held against you. You started drinking as a means of 
dealing with your pain, and it probably got out of hand, due to your 
immaturity."

  For the rest of the morning, Washu stayed with Ryoko. Now that Mayuka had 
taken her first steps, it would be only a matter of time before she became much 
more active. Ryoko would be kept very busy trying to keep an eye on her. Mayuka 
was already exploring her world and was at the stage where she could easily hurt 
herself. Washu told Ryoko that she would show her and everyone else how to 
childproof the house. Ami's apartment had already been taken care of, but it had 
been years since small children had lived in the house. With a two year old and 
a one year old living in the house, it was essential that all the rooms were 
looked at.

  That afternoon, Ryoko apologized to Ami. Ami told her that she would be 
joining them on their trip tonight, so she could also judge the extant of 
Ryoko's drinking. The session was spent discussing Ryoko's comment that she 
didn't know how express herself. That night, when they prepared to leave, Misaki 
unexpectedly joined them. She said that someone had to keep an eye on them in 
case of trouble. Besides, it had been a long time since she visited Kurashiki 
and she was feeling a little cooped up and bored. Ayeka and Minagi were made the 
babysitters of Kansuke and Mayuka, respectively. Washu said Minagi needed 
practice in something besides fighting. She had occasionally helped, but tonight 
Minagi would have to feed, change, and put Mayuka to bed by herself. Ayeka was 
told to make sure Kansuke didn't get into trouble and went to bed at the proper 
time. They would return sometime after midnight.

  Nobuyuki drove them into town. He dropped them off and told them he would be 
back to pick them up. The four of them first had supper at a quiet restauraunt 
and then went looking for a bar. They found one that was clean and decent 
looking and went inside. Misaki picked a table where she keep an eye on 
everything, while Washu ordered the drinks. She had made fake I.D.'s for all of 
them that would fool anyone. As the night progressed, Washu and Ami saw to it 
that Ryoko talked while the drinks kept coming. Skillfully, Ami steered the 
conversation to why Ryoko couldn't open up to her. Several hours after they 
first entered, Ryoko finally came clean.

  "Always before, if someone hurt me I hurt them back. Now I'm raped and locked 
back into that nightmare, and I'm told I can't strike back. What the hell else 
am I supposed to do,talk?", Ryoko spoke in a slurred voice, thick with anger. 
"How I can talk about how I feel when I don't know what to say?" Ami listened 
sympathetically, and Ryoko started to cry. She had expressed her rage without 
realizing it. Ami and Washu both swore at themselves for not figuring it out 
earlier. Ryoko had never learned how to deal with anger. She only knew how to 
bury her anger, not face it. Now that it was out in the open, Ami could help 
Ryoko face the rage.

  Meanwhile, Misaki had been watching a potential problem. About an hour after 
they entered, ten punks entered the bar. They immediately started buying drinks 
left and right, and became more and more noisier. Just after Ryoko opened up, 
the bouncers made the gangers leave, but Misaki doubted she had seen the last of 
them. Even though Nobuyuki wasn't due back for over an hour, she felt now was 
the time to leave. They had gotten Ryoko to talk, and there was no more reason 
to stay. Ryoko was drunk enough that she would be considered easy prey for scum 
like that bunch. Having decided, Misaki told Washu to call the house. Washu was 
of the same mind, and readily complied. After calling, Washu helped Ryoko stand 
up. Ryoko was feeling the effects of so much alcohol and was ready to pass out. 

  As they made their way back to the pickpup point, Misaki's fears were 
confirmed. The gangers confronted them a short distance from the bar and herded 
them into an alleyway. All of them had weapons and their intentions were quite 
clear. Once inside the alleyway, the gang advanced on them, confident that the 
women couldn't escape. However, escape was last thing on Misaki's mind. An 
unholy gleam came into her eyes, and she laughed with pure joy. "Little boys, it 
really is a pity for you that my husband isn't here," Misaki said. Their leader 
looked at her and asked, "Yeah, no one's here to protect you." Misaki smiled and 
replied, "You misunderstand me. My husband wouldn't protect me from you. He'd 
protect you punks from little old me." At this her expression changed, and the 
gangers became nervous. They got the distinct impression that this woman was 
looking at them like they were prey and she was the predator. 

  The gang would have been scared if they knew just what Misaki's hobby was. 
There was a side to Misaki that her children knew nothing about, but Funaho and 
Azusa were all too familiar with. Had Funaho heard Misaki say she was feeling 
cooped up, it would set off every single alarm. On Jurai, Misaki had a way with 
dealing with this problem. Despite Funaho's best efforts, Misaki would sneak out 
of the palace and head for the seediest part of the city. Like any large city, 
the capital had its darker side. Misaki would dress in simple clothes and hit 
the bars looking for action. If she couldn't find a fight, she'd deliberately 
start one. The end result would be a bar in which only the walls were left 
standing. Misaki would usually pay for rebuilding the bar and head back to the 
palace before the police arrived. Funaho had a standing order with them to stop 
her before anything happened. Because there were so many bars and Misaki was so 
skilled at evading them, the police were only occasionally successful. When 
Misaki got back, Funaho would be fuming with anger. Misaki would merely laugh 
and give Funaho a big hug, until Funaho cooled down a bit. Funaho would give up 
at this point and swear that someday she'd give Misaki a piece of her mind.

  Cracking her knuckles, Misaki advanced upon them like a cat stalking its prey. 
She had been hoping something like this would happen and her prayers were 
answered. The men raised their weapons and attempted to attack her en masse. 
Without hesitation, Misaki jumped into the middle of them and began delivering a 
flurry of kicks, punches, elbows, knees, and hand strikes. Bodies began flying 
everywhere, usually landing against a wall or on the street. In a few minutes, 
all of the punks were either out cold or moaning in pain. Feeling much better, 
she led Ami, Washu and Ryoko back to the meeting point. On the way back home, 
she thought about Ryoko's problem. Ami could probably help Ryoko get past the 
rage, but it would be slow going. Ryoko had to get rid of this anger now, before 
it poisoned her soul. The only way Ryoko knew of expressing her anger was to hit 
back. Since she wasn't allowed to hit back at those who had hurt her, what she 
needed was someone to fight her. Misaki came to the conclusion that she was the 
only one who could give Ryoko that fight. Ayeka wouldn't stand a chance against 
her, Tenchi wasn't skilled enough, and Minagi was mainly a swordswoman. This 
fight would require hand to hand combat skills with no use of any powers. 

  By the time they reached home Ryoko had passed out. It took Washu and Misaki 
to bring her inside. Strong as she was, even Misaki found it a chore to carry 
Ryoko. She told Washu her daughter definitely needed a diet. Washu had Minagi 
carry Ryoko to the lab and put her to bed in Washu's room. Even though Ryoko had 
consumed enough alcohol that she probably could have slept alone, Washu wasn't 
taking any chances. Besides, Washu never passed up an oppurtunity to hold and 
protect her daughter. In her sleeping face, Washu saw once more the innocent 
child that had been stolen from her. She then groaned as Ryoko again sucked her 
thumb. Swearing that one day she'd find a way of breaking her of this habit too, 
Washu removed Ryoko's thumb from her mouth and got into bed.

  The hangover Ryoko had the next morning was almost as bad the one she had two 
days ago. I have got to stop doing this, she said to herself. Washu handed an 
concoction to her that smelled like something had died. "Drink this without 
stopping," Washu said. Ryoko looked suspiciously at Washu, wondering what she 
was up to. "Just what the hell is this stuff?", Ryoko asked. "It's a little 
something I invented back when I was still a student. What you're holding is 
'Dr. Washu's Universal Hangover Remedy'. I made a fortune on that stuff alone 
and still hold all the patents. Others have tried to duplicate it, but this is 
the genuine article. Kagato destroyed the factory that I had making this stuff 
along with some other things. One of the first things that I did when I settled 
here was to restart production. I've been thinking of a way to sell it here on 
Earth, but Kiyone and Mihoshi both told me that would constitute illegal 
technology. This household needs more money, so I'll have to come up with 
something.", Washu stated.

  Deciding that nothing could be worse that the way she felt now, Ryoko drained 
the glass in one gulp. The drug started to work almost immediately. She felt 
like every nerve in her body was on fire. Then just as quickly, the pain stopped 
and her hangover was completely gone. She looked Washu with awe, and asked just 
how much money did she make. Washu smiled and told her she could have paid the 
bill that Misaki used as a threat that time without even noticing it. 20,000 
years of compound interest, plus some very lucrative patents and investments 
made for a VERY BIG bank account. Of course, the lab upkeep and taxes took a 
hefty chunk of that money, but Washu was easily considered to be one of the 
wealthiest people in the Galactic Union.

  While Ryoko was taking her morning bath with Mayuka, Misaki told Ami and Washu 
of her plan. She pointed out that with the trial coming up in in only five 
months, they didn't have time to get Ryoko past her anger by teaching her how to 
express herself. The anger had to be lanced out now, so she could face the pain. 
Afterward, she could be taught how to properly deal with her anger. It went 
against Ami's training, but she agreed with Misaki's assessment. The fight would 
have to wait, because it had started to rain and Misaki needed the training 
arena for her idea. 

  It rained off and on for the next three days. During this time, Misaki trained 
in a workout room that Washu created for her in the lab. For what she planned, 
Misaki would have to be in peak physical condition. She had only one slim 
advantage over Ryoko. Even though Ryoko did practice, she had largely given up 
fighting. As head of the Imperial Guard, Misaki couldn't afford to let her 
battle skill lapse. Once Ryoko's anger came to the surface, she would become a 
fearsome opponent. Ryoko had been in countless battles and her fighting skills 
were second nature. What Misaki had to do was to burn the anger out of Ryoko 
while she avoided being beaten to a pulp. That was why she had to fight Ryoko 
unarmed in the end. Ryoko had an innate sense of fair play and so long as Misaki 
kept the fight purely physical, Ryoko would be forced to do the same. Misaki 
would start off by using wooden swords, but the main fight would be unarmed.

  In the meantime, Ami did start working on getting Ryoko past her rage. She 
helped Ryoko to find the words to express her anger. As Misaki had guessed, it 
was slow going. Ryoko's anger ran very deep, not just from the rape, but from 
the way her happiness had been shattered. What the sessions did do was lay the 
foundation for teaching Ryoko how to manage her anger. There was another good 
thing that came out. Ryoko admitted that she did have a drinking problem. The 
way she had gotten drunk without thinking had scared her. Ryoko didn't want 
Mayuka to grow up with an alcoholic for her mother. Ami told her that she had 
already taken the first step by acknowledging the problem.

  Four days after the trip into town, the rain ended and the day dawned bright 
and clear. Misaki had come up with a perfect way of luring Ryoko into a fight. 
She told everyone that she needed to see if Yosho had taught Tenchi hand to hand 
like she had ordered. She would also judge Ayeka and Sasami's skills. After 
that, she would take on anyone who wanted to face her. As she expected, Ryoko 
declined, saying that motherhood was more important to her. Misaki knew that 
Ryoko was a warrior, however, and she'd be curious at least. That curiousity 
would be fanned into a desire to test herself against Misaki. Everyone headed 
toward the training arena. Once there, she told Ayeka and Sasami to change into 
clothes more suitable for training. 

  Grabbing a bokken, she hopped onto the training stakes. She saw Ryoko off to 
the side, watching her. The others were standing together, waiting for their 
turn. As far as they knew, this was just a simple training session. Only Washu 
and Ami knew what Misaki really had in mind. Nobuyuki had setup the video camera 
Washu had created for him on his birthday. Misaki wanted everything recorded, in 
part to use as a teaching tool. Once Ayeka and Sasami came back dressed in 
training uniforms, Misaki started the class.

  The rules were simple, either make Misaki give up or knock her out of the 
ring. Of course, if she could be knocked unconscious, she would also lose the 
match. Misaki was confident enough that wouldn't happen, but she also knew 
overconfidence could come back to bite her. She first took on Yosho. He actually 
lasted ten minutes before Misaki tripped him and sent him flying. Out of the 
corner of her eye, she watched Ryoko. Seeing Yosho land on his keister like that 
had definitely caught her interest. Even though Ryoko no longer wanted revenge, 
she still didn't mind him getting beat like that.

  Next up was Tenchi. She faced him unarmed and told him he'd better not 
disappoint her. Knowing that if he held back he'd only get beaten worse, he 
attacked with everything he had learned. Misaki let him fight for a few minutes 
before slipping past his guard and delivering a kick that laid him flat on the 
ground. Misaki said that at least he had learned something, but he had a long 
way to go before she considered him ready to fight in the Imperial Guard. Ryoko 
giggled to herself and thought the expression on his face was so cute. Oh yes, 
Misaki thought, Ryoko's falling right into my trap. 

  Ayeka entered the ring next. Without hesitation, she attacked with a bokken. 
Misaki had taught her how to fight before she left looking for Yosho. The 
continual fighting with Ryoko had sharpened her skills. However, she was rusty 
since Ryoko and her had stopped fighting. A few minutes after they started, 
Misaki cut her down. Even though Ayeka was her daughter, Misaki played no 
favorites. She trained as she fought, hard and fast. Tossing her bokken aside, 
she helped Ayeka up and made her fight hand to hand. Ayeka managed to actually 
land a few good hits before her mother knocked the wind out of her. Ryoko was 
unconsciously nodding in approval at Ayeka's performance. She remembered the 
fights they had and was glad Ayeka could still give a good fight.

  Sasami didn't even last a minute before Misaki knocked her down. She had never 
been taught how to fight, not even to protect herself. Misaki spent the next 
half hour teaching her the basics. Turning to Yosho, she let him know of her 
disapproval. "Yosho, after I'm finished today, you and I are going to have a 
long talk about Sasami's lack of fighting skills," Misaki said in a dangerous 
voice. Yosho gulped as he remembered what Misaki's "talks" consisted of. At this 
point Ryoko helped Sasami leave the ring and told she'd be her training partner, 
in return for being her first real friend when she had needed one. Misaki smiled 
to herself and prepared to draw the noose tighter.

  Looking at the rest, she asked who else thought they could take her on. After 
a few minutes, Mihoshi stepped onto the stakes. She had won the coin toss 
between her and Kiyone. Both of them were curious to see how well their training 
stacked up against the Jurai Imperial Guard. Misaki's reputation was almost 
legend and here was a chance neither of them could pass up. Having watched the 
others, Mihoshi immediately attacked with all of her strength. She gave a good 
accounting of herself and bloodied Misaki's nose before she was knocked 
senseless. Ryoko was watching with rapt interest. She held onto Mayuka and told 
her Auntie Sasami and Ayeka were all right, Great Aunt Misaki was just playing 
with them.

  Kiyone also did rather well and landed a beautiful right cross that knocked 
Misaki back a step. Misaki counterattacked and put Kiyone on the defensive. 
Kiyone tried to regain the initiative, but couldn't get past Misaki's defenses. 
A minute later, Kiyone was on her back with Misaki's knee pressing down on her 
throat. She conceded the match and Misaki helped her back up, saying she and 
Mihoshi had done their instructors proud. Ryoko at this point was no longer even 
hiding her interest. She imagined her rapists being on the receiving end of 
Misaki's fists and kicks. 

  Minagi then asked if she could try her luck. Misaki invited her onto the 
arena. Grabbing a bokken, she attacked as Yakage had taught her, seeking to 
annihilate Misaki. Minagi soon found out that Misaki was easily a match for her. 
Neither one of them could gain an advantage for long minutes. Finally Minagi 
made a mistake and overreached herself. Seizing the advantage, Misaki trapped 
Minagi's sword and drove her fist into Minagi. Minagi folded over, coughing and 
wheezing. Misaki immediately helped her breathe again. "Yakage was a hero of 
mine when I was young. You are truly his daughter and a worthy heir to his 
legacy," Misaki said with praise. Minagi's eyes shone and thanked her for such a 
great fight. Ryoko remembered her own battles with the Jurain swordmaster and 
agreed that it had been a hell of a good fight.

  Ryoko had been primed and now it was time to spring the trap. "Well, unless 
you want to workout with me Washu, I guess I'm finished," Misaki sighed. Ryoko 
suddenly spoke up. "Wait a minute, I still haven't had a crack at you," Ryoko 
said in clear voice. "I thought you said that you'd rather be taking care of 
your daughter," Misaki replied. "Changed my mind. I figured that maybe you'd 
like someone who could give you more than just a good swordfight," Ryoko 
answered back. Good, Misaki thought, she's spoiling for a fight. Now to push her 
over. "Ryoko, I doubt you could give me a good fight. Ever since you started 
caring for Mayuka, you've become positively domesticated," Misaki said lightly.

   THAT DID IT!! Ryoko's face darkened and without a word she grabbed a bokken. 
Unlike everyone else, she didn't rush Misaki, but slowly stalked her. There was 
no way Ryoko was going to let that remark pass. Just because she was a mother 
now, didn't mean she couldn't fight. Besides, there was nothing more dangerous 
than a mother protecting her child. This fight would be a lot different than her 
battle with Yakage. Yakage had lectured her on her mistakes and then backed up 
his observations by easily defeating her. Even though she hated him for it, in 
her most private moments she admitted to herself he was right. She vowed never 
to be defeated that easily again. She had begun improving herself in secret, in 
order to protect her family and home. Becoming May's mother had given her even 
more incentive, though it wasn't easy finding time. 

  Ryoko stopped in front of Misaki, looking her directly in the eye. They faced 
each other in a test of wills, waiting for the other to break. Both held their 
swords in guard positon, with no openings to exploit. Neither of them flinched 
as they tried to stare the other down. Then in the blink of eye, they attacked 
simultaneously. The blades hummned through the air and made a resounding crack 
as they clashed. Everyone watched in awe at the speed which they fought. As the 
battle progressed, Misaki started to wonder if she had bitten a little than she 
could chew. Ryoko was fighting far better than she expected. She had clearly 
been practicing and was in full possession of her faculties, unlike when she had 
been Kagato's slave. Still there was something else that had changed. Then 
Misaki understood what was different. Becoming a mother had helped Ryoko grow 
up. She was no longer a willful, ill-disciplined child, but a much more mature 
and self confident young woman. 

  Finally, she exulted to herself, a real challenge. Yosho had been the last 
student who could push her to the limit, but he had mainly been interested in 
swordfighting. She had longed for someone who could go toe-to-toe with her and 
play just as rough. Now she had an opponent who could dish out punishment and 
take it as well. Misaki's heart sang within her and she threw herself fully into 
the match. Ryoko also picked up the pace, the anger she had been suppressing 
finding an outlet. The blades were hitting so fast that something had to give. 
With a sound like a gunshot, both blades shattered as the combatants slammed 
them together.

  Without missing a beat, they tossed the pieces away and continued the fight. 
Ryoko's fist slammed into Misaki's face, dislocating her nose. She countered 
with kick that broke two of Ryoko's ribs. Before long, both of them were bruised 
and battered. Ryoko realized that Misaki was keeping her at a slight distance, 
so she could use her height and longer reach. Taking the initiative, Ryoko 
closed the gap until they were almost body to body. She started throwing a 
multitude of punches and kicks. None of the blows were powerful by themselves, 
but taken together, they would wear Misaki down enough so Ryoko could finish her 
off. Misaki wasn't fooled and adjusted her techniques. They both ratcheted the 
intensity up another notch. Catching Ryoko in her crushing bear hug, she sought 
to squeeze the breath out of her. Ryoko head butted her left and right until 
Misaki loosened her grip. Freeing her arms, she clapped her hands against 
Misaki's ears. Head ringing, Misaki staggered back to edge. 
 
  Ryoko pressed her advantage. She began hitting Misaki everywhere, never 
targeting the same point twice. It looked like Misaki would fall out of the 
arena, when she suddenly slammed her palm across Ryoko's chin. Ryoko was spun 
around and almost fell. Quickly, Misaki moved back into the center and tried to 
clear her head. She had just regained her focus when Ryoko drove her elbow into 
Misaki's chest. Rolling with the blow, Misaki countered by smashing her elbow 
into the back of Ryoko's neck. Ryoko went down and barely recovered in time. She 
stepped back to also regain her center. Both fighters eyed each other warily, 
watching for the other to make a move.

  Everyone had been watching the fight with awe. Ryoko and Misaki had been 
moving on the stakes like they were on solid ground. Yosho knew that he wouldn't 
have stood a chance had Ryoko fought like this 700 years ago. If Kagato were 
alive today, Ryoko would have wiped the floor with him. They waited for the 
fight to continue, wondering who would be the victor. 

  Misaki and Ryoko began circling each other. Both of them were hurting from the 
tremendous blows they had inflicted on each other. Ryoko's sides ached and her 
left eye was barely open. Misaki's nose was completely out of joint and she 
looked like she had hit a brick wall. This next clash would be the last one. The 
tension was heavy as each of them tried drawing the other into making a mistake. 
Then Misaki launched herself at Ryoko. She unleashed everything she had at her. 
Ryoko also attacked full force, taking the hits while landing her own. Strikes 
were used as blocks and blocks as strikes. It was like watching a ballet of 
destruction. They pounded each other for over fifteen minutes when Misaki 
finally got through Ryoko's defenses. She caught Ryoko in the diaphragm, 
actually lifting her off her feet. Simultaneously, however, Ryoko drove her fist 
into Misaki's solar plexus. Ryoko dropped onto the ground unconscious. Misaki 
stood for a few seconds before her eyes rolled back and she fell on top of 
Ryoko.

  Quickly, Washu and Ami went to work. Summoning her holocomp, she scanned them 
both, assessing their injuries. Both of them had massive internal bleeding and 
needed surgery immediately. Washu pulled two med units from subspace and got 
them each inside. Once they were stable enough, she brought them inside the lab. 
With Ami's assistance, Washu worked for the rest of the day and well into the 
night repairing the damage. Around 4:00 A.M. Washu finished patching them up and 
transferred them to the recovery ward. She had done all she could and now the 
rest was up to them. They would most likely be unconscious for days. Misaki had 
been beaten to within an inch of her life and she needed time to recover. Even 
with the Masu in her, Ryoko still had her limits and she had been pushed beyond 
them. Her recovery would also be slower than usual. Washu could have speeded up 
Ryoko's recovery, but she wanted her daughter to learn from this.

  Three days later, Ryoko awoke. She tried to get up and fell back on the bed, 
her whole body in pain. Misaki looked over from her bed and said Washu had left 
orders that both of them were stay in bed. Misaki had already tried getting up 
with the same result. Ryoko groaned and called for Washu. She asked her mother 
to bring May to her. Washu agreed and a short while later, Ryoko was holding her 
daughter. May had been worried about her mother, and was happy to be with her. 
Misaki, however, was in a less desirable position. Funaho had come in with Washu 
and she wasn't about to let this oppurtunity pass by. She had arrived last night 
to see how everyone was doing. Washu had told her about the fight in town. Going 
over the details, it became apparent to Funaho that Misaki had deliberately 
allowed the punks to force them into the alleyway. Misaki could have easily 
handled the matter on the street by knocking out one or two of them and letting 
the rest run away. Instead, she had taken them all on, in order to satify her 
sense of fun.

  Now she had Misaki right where she wanted her. Funaho had asked if Misaki 
would be able get out of bed when she woke up. Washu had replied that both her 
patients would need a least a full day of bed rest before she allowed them to 
get up. A wide smile appeared on Funaho's face and she could hardly wait for her 
sister wife to awaken. Misaki looked at the expression on Funaho's face and 
gulped. "I've warned you that one day I'd give you a piece of my mind, Sister. 
Now I find out you're carrying out your shenanigans on Earth. You're not getting 
away with it this time. No sneaking away and no hugging. Instead, you're going 
to take your medicine and like it," Funaho practically crowed. Misaki tried a 
last ditch effort. "Sis, there's a baby right next to us. You can't be yelling 
and screaming at me," Misaki said gamely.

  Funaho had anticipated this already. Turning to Washu, she asked if Washu 
could ensure if the two of them had some privacy. Washu calmly pushed Ryoko's 
bed out of the lab, saying to call her when she was ready. Once they were alone, 
Funaho gave Misaki not only a piece of her mind, but whole enchilada. She cut 
her sister to shreds and then raked her over the coals, enjoying every minute. 
The dressing down might have lasted all day, except Washu suddenly appeared and 
said the soaps were on in five minutes. Funaho immediately stopped and pushed 
the floating bed to living room. She and Misaki then watched the soaps with 
everyone else, all thought about punishment forgotten. Afterward, Funaho spent 
time enjoying the visit. She was in a much better mood, now that Misaki had been 
brought to task for her excursions.

  Washu was hard put to make her patients stay in bed. Both of them kept trying 
to get up, the enforced bed rest driving them crazy. Washu threatened to 
restrain them if they didn't obey her. "Honestly, you're worse than a couple of 
two-year olds. Neither one of you is any shape to be on your feet. Later 
tonight, I'll think about letting you up. Until then, STAY IN BED!!," Washu 
swore with an exasperated sigh. Deciding that those two would need constant 
observation, she told Funaho and Ayeka to keep an eye on them. Misaki gave up 
and read some reports Funaho had brought with her. Mayuka played with Ryoko some 
more and then settled down for a nap with her mother. Ryoko was more than happy 
to let May sleep on top of her, and catnapped with her. She wasn't concerned 
about the nightmares, since she could sense Ayeka next to her, as well as Funaho 
and Misaki.

  After supper, Washu let them walk around for a short while. They had largely 
recovered though they did get tired easily. Washu told them that they were not 
to overexert themselves until she declared them fully healed. That included any 
use of powers, so Ryoko wasn't allowed to teleport, phase, or fly. Ryoko groaned 
since she had wanted to take Mayuka flying. Ayeka said she could use Azaka and 
Kamidake. Ryoko gratefully accepted. Ami said that she would hold their session 
in the lab, rather than make Ryoko climb all those stairs. At bedtime, Washu 
said Ryoko would be staying with her for the time being. She wanted to keep an 
eye on Ryoko in case of complications. Since Ryoko wasn't allowed to use her 
powers, May's bed would be brought into Washu's room as well.

  A week later, Washu examined them and said they were fully recovered. Ryoko 
was glad to fly again and immediately went to get Mayuka. While riding the 
Guardians had been nice, Ryoko much preferred being in the driver's seat. She 
picked her daughter up and headed to the training arena. Now that Misaki was 
declared fully healed, she was going to have that "talk" with Yosho. Yosho had 
been dreading this all day, and was praying that Misaki would leave him still 
walking. Ryoko wasn't going to miss this for anything. Yosho tried to get Funaho 
to intercede, but she said this was Misaki's area of expertise. If she felt that 
he had been remiss in his duties, Funaho wasn't going to disagree. The 
discussion went as expected. While Misaki didn't break any bones, she did get 
her point across.

  Ryoko's counseling sessions went much better now. She had used up all of the 
rage she had been suppressing, and was able to talk about how the rape had 
affected her. As fall progressed into winter, Ryoko's broken spirit healed and 
she began showing the warm and loving part of herself again. By Christmas, Ryoko 
was almost her old self again. Washu said it was good to see her daughter 
smiling again. 

  Ami found Christmas to be an enjoyable holiday. During the party, Ryoko 
discovered that she had a sweet tooth. She stuffed herself full of candy and 
learned what happened afterward. Washu let her suffer for a short while, before 
she took pity on Ryoko. "Typical kid, has to learn the hard way," Washu said. 
Ryoko groaned as she lay on the couch with a stomach ache. Mayuka didn't help 
matters when she climbed up on Ryoko and started bouncing. Ryoko's face turned 
green and she ran to the bathroom. She spent the next few minutes throwing up, 
to everyone's laughter. Washu gave Ryoko something to wash the taste out of her 
mouth and settle her stomach. "Next time you'll know better. In many ways Ryoko, 
you're still a child and still growing up. That's why I didn't stop you. I 
couldn't deny you this learning experience," Washu said with big smile. 

  After New Year's, Ami did an assessment on Ryoko. With the trial only two 
months away, it was vital to know if Ryoko was ready. Reviewing all the 
sessions, Ami decided that Ryoko could face her rapists in the courtroom without 
losing control. That was the good news. The bad news was Ryoko still was in 
mortal terror of the cave. If she took the stand and was forced to tell what 
happened, there was no predicting her reaction. Around November, Ami had taken 
Ryoko to the cave with Washu. They monitored her as she tried to go in. Ryoko 
was only able reach the small shrine that had housed Tenchi-ken before she froze 
completely. It took all of her strength just to make it that far, her mind 
screaming to run away. Whenever she visited before, it was just inside the 
gateway. Any further and she would feel like the cave was closing in around her.

  Since Ryoko had clearly managed to put the rape behind her, Ami cut back on 
that area. She told Ryoko that if she ever felt the need to talk about it, the 
door was alway open. For now, Ami would concentrate on her life under Kagato. 
Since Kagato was dead, Ryoko no longer had any reason to fear him. Anytime they 
reached a point where Ryoko had trouble talking, Ami would remind her of this. 
The cave still existed, so this tactic didn't work. Ami decided that she would 
wait until after the trial to help Ryoko confront her terror. She also cut back 
on the length of their sessions, in part because she had to prepare her own 
testimony.

  Just before Febuary, Ami was watching the soaps with everyone. They hadn't 
been able to hook her yet, but it wasn't for lack of trying. She just couldn't 
get into them like the rest of the family. A phone call from the Galactic Court 
came for her. She took the mobile unit into the next room for privacy. The 
others could hear her shouting something, and wondered what was going on. A few 
minutes later, Ami came back with a grave look on her face. "Ryoko, I just 
received word that I've been overruled. The court has ruled that since the 
defendants have the right to face their accusers, you must testify. The defense 
lawyers will most certainly ask you to tell what happened in the cave. I'm sorry 
but I couldn't convince .... RYOKO!!," Ami shouted. Washu had barely caught her 
daughter as Ryoko fell over in a dead faint.

  Afterword: All right before I say anything else, I have a message to all you 
hentai reading this: GET YOUR MIND OUT OF THE GUTTER FOR THIS CHAPTER!! Sex is 
absolutely the last thing on Ryoko's mind while staying with Tenchi and Ayeka. 
She simply needs to be between two people in order to feel safe enough to sleep. 
As for when Tenchi and Ayeka are waiting for Ryoko during her punishment, do you 
honestly think that Misaki will allow ANY hanky panky, especially in a bed that 
is more than big enough to hold three people? While the subject matter is 
mature, this story is not and will never be a lemon. I have nothing against 
them, I simply don't want you to think that this story is one of them.

  Now that I've gotten that off my chest, onto the references. The picture that 
I've mentioned several times can be found in vol. 1 of the manga in a side strip 
on pg. 137. It is the only proof that I've found that Washu actually got to 
raise Ryoko. I never could learn if it was written for the manga or was it based 
on the original biography for Ryoko. I decided to use it anyway since it tied in 
with what I wanted to say in my story. As for Ryoko having a drinking problem, 
both the manga and OAV's, as well as "Manatsu no Eve", show Ryoko consuming more 
alcohol than anyone else. She is mentally and emotionally immature when she 
starts drinking, so it is very easy for her drinking to get out of hand. Episode 
8 is where you can see Ryoko sucking her thumb while asleep.

  In chapter 6, the criminal trial will take place. In order to be able to 
testify, Ryoko must confront her terror of the cave. I will only say that her 
solution will surprise you.    

     
  

  

  

  

  
    
   
    

  
  
    

   

     
 
  
  



  



  

  

  



    
  
  
 

   

