			Tears: Chapter 6

  After Ryoko had recovered from her fainting spell, Ami had called the Galactic 
Court.  She managed to convince the presiding judge to give her some extra time 
to prepare Ryoko. The trial date was moved back two months to the second week of 
May.  Ami wished she could have gotten more time, but this was most the judge 
would allow. She feared that Ryoko wouldn't be able to overcome her terror of 
the cave. Ami looked at her patient. Ryoko sat on the couch, a haunted look on 
her face. Washu was holding her while gently reassuring Ryoko. "Ryoko, I'm 
canceling the rest of the session today. We'll start preparing you to testify 
tomorrow. For now, I want you to rest,"  Ami said.

  For the rest of the day, Ami reviewed all the cases of isolation and any 
experiments of sensory deprivation she could find. She decided that the 
information would only be marginally useful, because Ryoko's case was so unique. 
Part of the problem was the sheer length of time Ryoko had spent trapped in the 
cave. No one had even come close to her record. Also, Ryoko had the mind of a 
child when she had been imprisoned. She had been unable to cope with the horror. 
Unlike the rape counseling, Ami had a very good idea of what was wrong with 
Ryoko. Kagato's block prevented Washu from talking with her daughter. She was 
still able to see and hear Ryoko's thoughts. It had been one of Kagato's little 
amusements letting Washu watch while he turned her child into a cold, unfeeling 
machine. As a result, Washu had been able to give Ami a detailed description of 
what happened in the cave.
 
  The darkness and isolation had caused Ryoko to turn to the only source of 
stimulation she had, her memories. The shock of losing her gems had broken 
Kagato's brainwashing, so she had been able to truly see what she had done.  She 
was forced to watch as her memories came to the surface and was unable to escape 
from them. Washu had managed to prevent her daughter from committing suicide, 
but otherwise Ryoko had no one to help her face the nightmare. The cave became 
the place where all her terrors, real or imagined, resided so when she had 
projected herself, Ryoko had refused to go back in. It had taken all of her 
courage to follow Tenchi back in, and only because she had regained her powers 
with the breaking of the seal. The light that Tenchi had seen was Ryoko using 
her power to banish the darkness.

  When Ryoko had woken up in the cave again, she hadn't been able to cope. The 
nightmares she suffered from after she recovered was her remembering her 
imprisonment. Washu had guessed correctly that Ryoko needed to know she wasn't 
alone while she slept. She couldn't bear being left alone since that meant 
facing her nightmares. The horror of her time in the cave had seared itself so 
deep into Ryoko's consciousness that she could not face it. It had been a 
struggle just telling Tenchi that night on the school roof. She had only brushed 
the edge of how she felt. The night in the lab had almost been too much for her. 
Ami feared that being forced to tell what happened in the cave would break 
Ryoko. Somehow, Ami had to help Ryoko confront her terror and break its hold 
over her.

  While Ami was researching, Ryoko was indeed resting. She mainly spent the day 
learning how to cook. Now that she had a sense of taste, Ryoko had become 
interested in cooking again. She had given up trying to cook several years back, 
after she and Ayeka were banned from the kitchen by Sasami. Their attempts to 
cook Tenchi a meal had almost destroyed the kitchen, so Sasami had declared the 
area off-limits without her direct supervision. She got the rest of the family 
to back her up, and things were quiet after that. When Ryoko had stopped her 
fighting with Ayeka, Ayeka had taken cooking lessons. By the time Mayuka showed 
up, she had progressed to the point where she could make a decent meal without 
supervision. Ryoko still needed supervision, but at least she could setup the 
ingredients in order and start cooking the meal. What bothered Sasami  was the 
fact Ryoko couldn't follow a recipe. She had to be continually shown everything, 
even though the instructions were clearly written. Oddly, once Ryoko was shown 
what to do, she never had to be shown again.  Sasami meant to find out why Ryoko 
was having so much trouble, since it was clear Ryoko was trying her best. On a 
lighter note, Sasami was glad she'd had Washu setup an alarm system for the 
food. A few weeks after Ryoko got her sense of taste back, she had snuck into 
the kitchen late one night and tried to eat everything she could. Her groaning 
from the stomach ache that followed had woken up the house. After Washu gotten 
her daughter settled, she had put a lock impervious to Ryoko's powers on the 
cabinets and referigerator and food shed. Only Sasami and Tenchi had the keys. 
Washu had kept a close eye on Ryoko then, until she had gotten used to having a 
sense of taste again. Once Ryoko got herself under control, Washu unlocked the 
food during the night again.

  After supper, Washu took Ryoko and May to the onsen. Ryoko was still tense 
from the news and a nice hot bath would help calm her. Too, Washu treasured 
these moments with her daughter. Ryoko was a grown woman and Washu had learned 
to accept this. The child Ryoko had been was gone forever. Washu would never be 
able to see her daughter grow up. What she could do was help Ryoko find herself 
and heal her soul. As they relaxed in the steaming water, Ryoko wished she could 
have some sake. Alcohol was no longer an option for her however. After she had 
recovered from her fight, Washu had made her show where all her other stashes 
were. Washu tossed all of the bottles in the trash and then laid down the rules. 
Until Ryoko's emotional problems were healed, she was forbidden from alcohol of 
any kind. The cooking sake was locked up with Sasami having the key. Nobuyuki's 
sake was similarly secured and the keys given to him and Yosho. Washu said it 
was past time she lived up to her responsiblities. Had she put her foot down on 
Ryoko's drinking sooner, the drinking binge could have been avoided. 

  Come bedtime, Washu decided to have Ryoko stay with her that night. Even 
though she was calm now, Ryoko was still on edge. As she tucked her daughter 
into bed, Washu maintained the link with Ryoko. She was determined that Ryoko 
would not have any bad dreams to disturb her sleep. Tomorrow would be enough of 
a nightmare. Holding her in a warm, protective embrace, Washu gently sang Ryoko 
to sleep after Minagi got into bed. No nightmares disturbed her daughter's rest, 
for which Washu was profoundly grateful. Ryoko would need all of her strength to 
confront her terror. 

  Shortly after breakfast, Ami started working with Ryoko. Time was at a 
premium, so Ami was going to hold all day sessions. She didn't expect to cure 
Ryoko. What she wanted was to get Ryoko to the point where she could talk about 
the cave without breaking. Unfortunately, that was going to be a tall order. 
Mindful of what happened before, Ami approached the problem obliquely. She had 
Ryoko tell what happened when she managed to project herself. It wasn't easy for 
Ryoko to talk about even this, but she managed. Little by little, Ami worked 
backward to being the in cave itself. Ryoko froze at this point and wouldn't 
talk anymore. Ami then started asking Ryoko about her fight with Yosho. Ryoko 
could only speak in general terms, since like Yosho, the majority of the fight 
was a blur to her. She clearly remembered the pain of being stabbed by Tenchiken 
and the loss of her gems. When Ami asked what she remembered next, Ryoko turned 
white. Shivering uncontrollably, she cried and begged Ami not ask any more. 

  Ami stopped at this point since it was almost lunchtime anyway. During lunch, 
she planned her next move. Ryoko was still shivering and was sipping some hot 
tea. Ami decided that until a breakthrough was achieved, it would be best to 
have Washu attend the sessions as well. Ryoko would need support while the cave 
held its grip on her. Once Ryoko could talk about the cave, Ami would then 
resume the sessions alone. Also, the psychic link between them might prove 
useful. Ami was fairly sure that Ryoko was actively suppressing her memories of 
the cave. If Ami couldn't bring the memories out into open by conventional 
means, she would have Washu use the link to break the lock. Ami was leery of 
doing this because of the shock it would cause, but Ryoko had to overcome her 
fear. If the morning's session was any indication, putting Ryoko on the witness 
stand would destroy her. 

  After lunch and the soaps, Ami resumed working on Ryoko. She asked Ryoko about 
the day of the attack. Again, Ryoko froze at the mere thought of waking in that 
hellhole once more and being unable to escape. This time, Ami pushed her to try 
talking. Washu encouraged her daughter as well. They both kept at her until 
Ryoko finally broke down. Tears streaming from her eyes, she cried out that she 
was trapped in the darkness alone. Ami immediately ended the session. Ryoko had 
gone as far she could for now. It wasn't the breakthrough Ami wanted, but at 
least Ryoko had said something instead of freezing. Tomorrow, Ami would try to 
build on this, but for now Ryoko needed to recover. Washu led her sobbing 
daughter back to the house. It was still two hours before dinner, so Washu made 
Ryoko lay down on the couch. Mayuka came running up to her mother then. She had 
missed Ryoko and happily climbed onto the couch with her. Ryoko began tossing 
her daughter up into air, laughing with May. A few minutes later, she brought 
May down next to her. Mayuka put her arms around her mother and curled up for a 
nap. Soon, both mother and daughter were fast asleep.

  Washu sat next to her on the floating cushion. While Ryoko slept, she worked 
on a problem that had been nagging at her for months. Washu had noticed 
something odd about Ryoko's physical data from the rape. While she was in good 
health, the readings were...off. She had noticed similar readings when she fixed 
it so Ryoko could breast feed Mayuka. Try as she might, she couldn't pin it 
down. Just looking at the data brought back the image of Ryoko lying broken and 
helpless in the cave. Her stomach still turned at the thought that her daughter 
had been raped. Rubbing her temples, Washu admitted to herself she was just too 
close to Ryoko. She couldn't be objective enough to figure out what was going 
on. Looking at Ryoko and Mayuka, Washu decided it was a price she would gladly 
pay. After the trial, Washu would have her old friend Yume visit and look at the 
data. Yume's genius matched her own, and she'd be able to figure out what was 
wrong. Sighing, Washu shut down her terminal and gently stroked Ryoko's hair. 
Ryoko stirred slightly and then settled back down. 

  Ryoko and Mayuka both had to be woken up for dinner. At the table, Ryoko took 
May's attempts to feed herself in stride. Everyone was hard put to keep a 
straight face as May sent the majority of her food into Ryoko's face. Mayuka 
giggled at how Mommy looked, which didn't help matters any. Ryoko ended up 
having feed May herself and then wash up before she was able to have her own 
dinner.  After dinner, she took May into the playroom. May had a lot of energy 
to burn up before bedtime and Ryoko wanted to play with her daughter. The day's 
session had brought back memories she desperately wanted to avoid thinking 
about. Being with Mayuka helped hold those memories at bay. Ryoko knew that 
tomorrow Ami would push her once more, but for now she could forget about that 
hellish nightmare.

  Tenchi and Ayeka were her sleeping partners that night. She pleaded with 
Tenchi to hold her. This was the first time she had actually had Tenchi hold her 
in bed. Surprised at this request, Tenchi nevertheless put out his arm for her. 
Ryoko curled next to him and rested her head on his shoulder. Ayeka fought down 
a surge of jealously. The night of Ryoko's punishment, she had slept next to 
Tenchi while waiting. Misaki had watched the two of them the entire time. She 
had let Tenchi hold her daughter, but said anything else would result in him 
facing her wrath. The cracking of her knuckles emphasized this point. Even with 
this setback, it had been wonderful for Ayeka. Ever since then, Ayeka had wanted 
sleep in her true love's arms again. She knew Ryoko was just shook up from her 
session, but still she wished it was Tenchi next to her. 

   Ayeka was very surprised when Ryoko reached behind herself and pulled Ayeka 
next to her. "Ayeka, I need you to hold me too," Ryoko said. Ayeka looked at 
Ryoko curiously, but draped her arm around Ryoko. Intertwining her fingers with 
Ayeka's, Ryoko tried to relax. The session had shook her more than she thought 
and she needed to be comforted. She heard Ayeka sigh under her breath and turned 
to face her. "Ayeka, what's wrong? I'm not trying to do anything with Tenchi," 
Ryoko asked.

   "No, it's not that Ryoko," Ayeka replied,"I just wish I could cuddle up next 
to Tenchi like that."

   "Correct me if I'm wrong, but even not counting the time you spent in 
suspended animation, according to Jurain law you are an adult, aren't you? Why 
don't you just sleep with Tenchi alone tomorrow night?", Ryoko said.
  
  Ayeka looked at her in shock. She reminded Ryoko that she was the First 
Princess of Jurai and was expected to act with proper decorum. Besides which, 
her mother would probably go through the roof if she did something like that.

   "Ayeka, don't you think it's time you stood up to Misaki? I'm not saying to 
have sex with Tenchi, just make your mother understand you are grown up now. She 
should trust you to be able to make the right decision, and not treat you like a 
child. Besides which, can you think of a better way to get back at her for 
making you call her 'Mommy' like she does.", Ryoko said.

  Ayeka thought about what Ryoko had said. Her mother did seem to have trouble 
understanding her daughter was no longer a little girl. She loved her mother, 
but honestly, calling her "Mommy!!" in that baby voice Misaki insisted on, drove 
her absolutely bonkers. It was indeed past time that she had it out with her 
mother. Misaki was going to have to accept the fact Ayeka was an adult now and 
capable of making her own decisions. She would have to trust in her's and 
Azusa's upbringing of their daughter. Still, one question did remain. "Ryoko, 
doesn't this put you at a disadvantage? I get to be with Tenchi alone, but you 
have to have me and Tenchi with you," Ayeka wondered.

  "No, not really. I'm still Mayuka's mother. This just lets you catch up with 
me in getting to cuddle up next to Tenchi. Tenchi still owes me time alone with 
him from when he went to Jurai. I just want the same number of days up to the 
day before the news conference. I don't count when Kiyone told you what happened 
or afterwards, since that wasn't a vacation by any means.", Ryoko stated. 

  Satisfied with Ryoko's answer, Ayeka settled next to her. She was already 
planning on what to say to her mother. Ayeka didn't kid herself that Misaki 
would just accede to her request. It would probably turn into a fight that 
matched hers and Ryoko's, or Washu and Ryoko's. The result would be worth it, 
however. Sensing Ryoko fall asleep, Ayeka dreamed about being in Tenchi's warm, 
loving arms. She soon fell asleep, a smile of contentment on her lips. 
  
   Tenchi, meanwhile, was more than a little worried. He thought Misaki would 
make life a living hell for him if Ayeka went through with Ryoko's suggestion. 
Tenchi did not want to be caught in another crossfire again. He'd gotten used to 
not being fought over like some trophy. He couldn't deny that it had been nice 
to cuddle up next to her that night, just like it was nice having Ryoko curl up 
next to him now. Praying that he'd make it through tomorrow in one piece, Tenchi 
settled down to sleep as well.

  The next day, Ami again asked Ryoko about the day of the attack. She kept 
pushing Ryoko to say what happened when she woke up. As much as she hated doing 
this to her patient, Ami knew that the defense lawyers would be far worse. It 
was an old tactic to discredit the victim, and Ryoko was still thought of as the 
"demon space pirate"  by many. Breaking her on the stand would a feather in the 
defense's cap. Throughout the morning, Ryoko tried to tell her what happened, 
but all she could manage was the fact she couldn't escape. Try as she might, she 
couldn't describe the horror of being trapped in the cave. 

  Lunchtime, the three women walked into a war zone. Ayeka and Misaki were 
having a full blown argument in the lab. As Ayeka had guessed, her mother had 
hit the roof. While most definitely a free spirit like Ryoko, Misaki still 
didn't like the thought of her daughter sleeping with Tenchi alone. She did 
trust Ayeka and Tenchi, but it was the way Ayeka stated her intentions that 
rubbed her the wrong way. She had asked Misaki to join her in the lab for a 
private talk. Once inside, Ayeka said simply she was an adult now and was going 
to sleep with Tenchi that night. 

  Misaki's face had turned crimson and she was fit to be tied. "And what makes 
you think I'll let you do such a thing? ", she said in tightly controlled voice.

  "Mother, it's time you accepted the fact I am no longer a little girl. I am 
fully aware of my responsiblities as First Princess, but that doesn't mean I 
can't find some happiness. Tenchi and I love each other and I want to be with 
him. I'm not going to have sex with him, just cuddle up to him," Ayeka responded 
in the same tone.
  
  "HOW MANY TIMES HAVE I TOLD YOU, CALL ME MOMMY!!", Misaki screamed

  "NO!!! STOP TREATING ME LIKE A CHILD!!", Ayeka screamed back. Things had 
deteriorated after that. By the time Washu entered the lab, both of them were 
arguing nonstop.  Taking the situation in, she pulled a whistle out and blew an 
ear-piercing shriek. Both Ayeka and Misaki clutched their heads as the sound 
penetrated into the inner ear and bones.

  "In case you haven't noticed, it's lunchtime. If you can call a truce until 
after our soaps, I'll open up the training room in the lab. You can pound each 
other into the ground without disturbing anyone else. ", Washu said.

   Glaring at each other, Misaki and Ayeka agreed. After enjoying the soaps, 
Washu led them to the training room. Saying she hoped they'd settle things by 
supper, she left to join Ami and Ryoko. Ayeka and Misaki didn't waste energy 
arguing, they simply started pounding each other. Neither fought with their full 
power, this was just a way to blow off the anger that had built up. After 
several hours of this, Misaki held up her hand.

  "All right Ayeka, You can sleep with Tenchi. Maybe it is time I started 
trusting you.  You do realize that I'll have to call your father. He'll probably 
have a stroke, but I'll bring him around.", Misaki said with resignation. 

  "Does that mean I don't have to call you Mommy?", Ayeka asked eagerly.

  Misaki looked at her daughter and a malicious gleam came into her eyes. "Sorry 
Little Ayeka, that's one thing that I won't change. Now give your mommy a big 
hug," she said sweetly. Knowing when to quit while she was ahead, Ayeka gave in. 
Misaki left Ayeka grinding her teeth and went to call Azusa. While he didn't 
have a stroke, his bellowing was heard clear across the palace. It took Misaki's 
personal guarantee that nothing would happen to get his agreement. Like Misaki, 
Azusa did trust his daughter. However, as Emperor, he had to think about how 
this would appear. Ayeka was still unmarried and sleeping in the same bed with 
Tenchi would definitely be viewed by some on the Council as scandalous. By 
demanding Misaki act as chaperone, he was protecting Ayeka's reputation.

  Tenchi, however, wasn't quite so lucky. After calling Jurai, Misaki decided he 
needed some more training. Throughout the "workout", she kept dropping little 
"hints" that he'd better be on his best behavior from now on. Misaki punctuated 
each statement with what she called "love taps" that knocked the wind right out 
of him. She ended the match by slamming him on the ground. Putting her knee on 
his chest, she grabbed his balls and gave a good healthy squeeze. "Any funny 
stuff Tenchi, and I'll finish claiming these. I'm letting Ayeka sleep with you 
because you have been good for her. That doesn't mean you can fool around with 
her. Just keep in mind I'll be watching you VERY closely. Of course, if you 
decide to actually marry my little girl, then I'll have no objections," she said 
sweetly. Misaki then picked him up and gave a warm hug that almost crushed his 
already sore ribs.

   Tenchi staggered out of the training arena and back to the house. Ryoko had 
finished with her session and was at the house waiting for him. She and Ayeka 
both fussed over him, sympathizing with his aches and pains. He was too sore and 
tired to object, and he didn't really mind Ayeka massaging his muscles. Misaki's 
"love taps" hurt worse than Yosho's whacks across the head. Ryoko, meanwhile, 
held onto Mayuka, letting her know Papa was all right. She really couldn't blame 
Misaki since she'd be doing the same thing if some boy wanted to date Mayuka. 
Thankfully, it would be a long time before May was old enough to date. 

   During supper and afterward, Misaki was unusually quiet. She had spent most 
of the afternoon thinking, coming to terms that Ayeka was indeed all grown up. 
Now she was looking at Sasami, trying to see her youngest daughter as she really 
was, not as Misaki thought of her. Misaki started as she realized Sasami was 
becoming a teenager. She was much taller than when she had landed on Earth, and 
was filling out quite nicely as well. This brought up something else. Sasami had 
no one her own age in the house, and was spending far too much time at home. She 
really needed to get out and make friends her own age. Misaki understood why 
Ryoko stayed at the house so much, and Ayeka had recently come out of her shell. 
The question was how to get Sasami out of the house? Misaki didn't want Sasami 
growing up feeling she was alone. That had been her mistake with Ayeka. Azusa 
had wanted to send Ayeka to the Galaxy Academy, same as Yosho. Misaki had 
overruled him, and had Ayeka privately tutored. 

   After supper, Misaki had a talk with Washu. She'd had an idea and wanted 
Washu's input. While on Earth, Washu had been handling Sasami's and Ayeka's 
education. Misaki wanted Sasami to attend school  and let Washu teach only the 
subjects that couldn't be taught on Earth. This way Sasami could have a more 
normal upbringing. Had Ayeka gone to the Academy, she would have met people of 
her own age and rank. She could have made friends that she could talk to, rather 
than hide behind a shell. Misaki was eternally grateful to Ryoko and Tenchi for 
getting Ayeka stop acting like a snobbish princess. More than once, she had 
wanted to give Ayeka some much needed tough love. Misaki had never had the heart 
to do what was needed. She remembered how she had to comfort Washu when she had 
punished Ryoko. After Ryoko had been put to bed, Misaki had to keep reassuring 
Washu that she had done the right thing. Making Ryoko suffer, when she had been 
through so much already, had shaken Washu. She still felt guilty for the night 
in the lab, and had never wanted to hurt Ryoko again. Misaki had to remind her 
that this time Ryoko had done something clearly wrong. Her punishment hadn't 
done any damage to her, and Washu made sure to monitor Ryoko's well being. Had 
Kagato punished her for a perceived wrong, he would have beaten her and just 
left her to heal on her own.

   Washu agreed wholeheartedly with Misaki's idea. She promised to make up the 
necessary documents in the morning. The school year didn't start until April, so 
Misaki had time to take her daughter shopping for supplies. Washu could have 
whipped everything up in the lab, but Misaki wanted to spend some time with her 
daughter. Once that was settled, Misaki announced to the family that Sasami 
would be going to school on Earth.

   Sasami protested, remembering how late Tenchi would arrive from school. 
"Mommy, who's going cook for everyone?", she asked.

  Misaki glared at her, not wanting to hear any objections. "Washu's already 
told me she'd take over cooking the meals. You should be out meeting people and 
having some fun, not cooped up here. My mind's made up Sasami, and I don't want 
to hear any more. ", she stated.

    Sasami's protest was lame indeed. She was entering her teenage years and was 
beginning to rebel against her parent's authority. Ayeka had also rebelled in 
her own way when she went looking for Yosho. Misaki remembered how she had 
fought with her own mother as a teenager and had the law laid down on her when 
she stepped too far out of line. Now she found herself having to discipline her 
own child. Were her own mother here, she'd be laughing herself silly. Misaki had 
always wondered why her mother kept saying "Wait until you have children of your 
own," and found out the hard way when Ayeka was born. Muttering to herself about 
know-it-all parents, Misaki went to get ready for a nice hot bath. She saw 
Sasami get a conniving look on her face and guessed what she had in mind. 

  "Don't even think about getting your father to go against me on this one. I 
called him already and he also wants you to go to school. You've had it easy 
until now, but the vacation is over. ", she said with an impish grin. Misaki 
left her youngest daughter fuming and headed for the onsen. Sasami had wanted to 
attend school, but she wanted to bring the subject up. Instead her mother had 
ordered her around like she was still a child. She turned to the rest of the 
family and glared at everyone.

  "I don't want to hear anything from anyone or I swear I'll put this whole 
house on bread and water.", she said slowly. Sasami then went up to her room to 
sulk. Everyone except for Washu sat around looking confused. They all thought 
she'd be glad to attend school and make new friends. Ryoko especially didn't 
understand, since Sasami was being given something that had been denied her. 
Washu recognized the reason for Sasami's outburst. She wasn't too concerned, 
since Sasami had too kind a heart and personality to stay like this. Besides, 
Misaki's idea reminded Washu that she had to deal with another of Ryoko's 
problems. 

   That night it was Misaki's and Sasami's turn. Sasami had finished sulking and 
was looking forward to attending school. She just wished her mother hadn't 
ordered her like that, especially in front of the whole family. As they all got 
into bed, Ryoko told them she wished she could have gone to school. Candidly, 
she admitted that had she gone when she first was released, she'd have brought 
unwanted attention. Between her jealousy, temper, and lack of any social skills, 
Ryoko would have been nothing but trouble for Tenchi. By the time she stopped 
fighting with Ayeka, Tenchi had graduated and gone to college. When Misaki asked 
why didn't she attend college with Tenchi, Ryoko stammered and said she had made 
peace with Ayeka. Attending college alone with Tenchi would start the fights 
again.

  Both Misaki and Sasami were suspicious of her answer. It had sounded like she 
was hiding something, since Ayeka would have trusted them. When Sasami pointed 
this out to Ryoko, Ryoko admitted that large crowds made her nervous. She had 
been alone for almost all her life, and still had trouble being around 
strangers. Her trips to Kurashiki had always been brief, usually for some sake. 
Any extended trips into Kurashiki or Tokyo had always been with the family.  
Sasami accepted this and told Ryoko not to worry, she had been also been nervous 
when she competed on "Ferrous Chef" in front of all those people. She said that 
she just had to believe in herself.  Ryoko sighed and said she'd think about it. 
They both settled down to sleep.

   Misaki was still awake, however. While it sounded like Ryoko was telling the 
truth, her answer was too quick. Misaki had sat in enough interrogations to know 
when to continue probing for the truth. Her curiousity was definitely piqued 
now. Paying Ryoko's medical bills and prosecuting her rapists was the 
responsibility of the Jurai Royal Family as a whole, because of Yosho's actions. 
Misaki felt she owed Ryoko a personal debt for straightening Ayeka out. She 
decided to talk with Washu and find out why Ryoko never went to school with 
Tenchi. Maybe there was some way she could help Ryoko. With that thought, Misaki 
also went to sleep.

   Meanwhile, Tenchi and Ayeka were asleep in each other's arms. He thought 
Misaki would stand over them until they fell asleep, and was greatly relieved 
when she didn't even watch them enter his room. Ayeka told him not to let her 
mother fool him. Misaki could dead asleep one second and in the blink of an eye 
be wide awake the next. She was most definitely watching and listening. Besides, 
knowing Misaki, his room was probably bugged. In that Ayeka was indeed correct. 
Washu had already installed a monitoring system in May's room in case of 
emergencies. Misaki had asked Washu to adapt it for keeping an eye on Tenchi and 
Ayeka. She may have agreed to let Ayeka and Tench sleep together, but she had 
also promised Azusa that nothing would happen. 

   As it turned out, it wasn't until the beginning of March that Misaki was able 
to talk with Washu. The sessions with Ami were taking a tremendous toll on 
Ryoko. At the end of each day, she'd return to house shaken and tired. Ami and 
Washu both kept pushing her to talk about what happened in the cave, but with 
only very limited success. Ryoko could only say either she was unable to escape 
or she was alone in the darkness. After the session's end, Washu would be kept 
busy keeping an eye Ryoko afterward. She agreed with Ami that Ryoko was in no 
shape to be left alone. Usually, Ryoko would take Mayuka into the playroom and 
either watch some movies with her or play games. Other times, they'd go for a 
walk in the woods. Being with her daughter was a needed counterbalance to the 
horrific memories of her time in the cave.

  The sessions were also affecting Ryoko in other ways. Ever since Washu had her 
sleep between two people, Ryoko would fall asleep almost instantly. When she had 
her gem taken away, sleep had become even more important. Until now, she'd slept 
like a log, usually waking refreshed. Somedays she'd wake before the others in 
bed and just lay there, feeling warm and happy. Now her sleep was far more 
restless. On several occasions, Ryoko had been heard talking in her sleep. She 
had pleaded to be let out, that it was cold and dark. In the morning, Ryoko 
would wake up bleary eyed and tired. Washu was increasingly concerned for her 
daughter's health, fearing the nightmares would start again.

  Acting on a hunch one night, Washu had Mayuka stay with her mother as well. 
The prescence of her daughter let Ryoko sleep normally again. While they were 
asleep, Washu entered Ryoko's mind and scanned her brain activity. She avoided 
Ryoko's memories and concentrated on the part that controlled her telepathic 
powers. Washu had long known Ryoko could speak telepathically with other people 
besides her blood relatives and Ryo-Ohki. It was her telepathic call for Tenchi 
that had been her first clue Zero was impersonating her daughter. That idiotic 
twit Clay dismissed Ryoko's cry for help. When she linked with Ryoko to check on 
her, she had noted the personality differences, along with Ryo-Ohki's reactions. 
She knew Ryoko was still alive and unharmed, so she had been able to concentrate 
on finding out the Zero's real identity. In his insufferable arrogance, Old 
Octopus-head didn't realize that Zero was reaching self awareness with the 
continual assimilations. It had been her acquiring Ryoko's love for Tenchi that 
had given her the strength to break free. 

  Even though Zero was effectively Ryoko, there was still a small part of her 
identity that was her own. When they merged, Washu had seen to it that small 
piece was preserved. Zero's love for Tenchi had combined with Ryoko's and 
temporarily overwhelmed the facade Ryoko usually maintained. Now Zero's 
consciousness resided in Ryoko's mind, experiencing life through her. Zero acted 
as Ryoko's conscience, trying to get her to act as a better person. She couldn't 
directly control Ryoko, only talk to her. It had been an uphill battle, but with 
Mayuka's appearance and Washu making peace with her, Ryoko was finally being her 
true self. 

  Zero wasn't locked in Ryoko's mind however. Ryoko would frequently let her 
take control of the body they shared. Zero got to experience taking care of 
Mayuka for herself and found it just as enjoyable as Ryoko did. Mayuka would 
notice when Zero was active, but accepted her as well. Also whenever Ryoko split 
herself, Zero's consciousness resided in the twin body. Ryoko was still the 
dominant personality, but she never abused her other half. She argued with her 
other self, but always treated Zero with respect. Both of them had been slaves, 
and Ryoko knew Zero was a person in her own right. Their relationship was that 
of identical twins. Even though she would fight like hell to admit it, Ryoko did 
deeply care for her "sister".

  The second time in the cave had overwhelmed Zero as well. She experienced 
Ryoko's pure horror and fear and had retreated into the recesses of Ryoko's mind 
with her. Even after Ryoko recovered, Zero avoided the memories of the cave. It 
was too much for her own mind to cope with. She understood the importance of 
Ryoko facing her memories, and tried to help in her own way. Because she felt 
the same things Ryoko did, she was only able to comfort Ryoko after the 
sessions.

  Now she greeted Washu as she entered Ryoko's mind. Washu told Zero that she 
was merely checking something out, and Zero had best go to sleep when she left. 
Zero asked Washu to tuck her in first. Mentally smiling to herself, Washu let 
Zero lead her to her place in Ryoko's mind. A bed similar to Washu's appeared 
and Zero got under the blankets. Tucking the blankets in, Washu kissed her 
goodnight. She watched as Zero went to sleep. Zero was like a daughter to Washu 
now. After Clay had finally gotten over the truth about his precious chamberpot, 
Washu had sent him a letter. She took great pleasure in telling him that Zero 
was now a free sentient being, and was calling Washu her mother. To add insult 
to injury, Zero personally called Clay a "big fat octopus-head" and was glad to 
be rid of him. Finally, Washu had the Galactic Court declare her Zero's legal 
guardian. When Clay read the letter, he had screamed for months that Washu had 
ruined his prized creation. 

  Once Zero was asleep, Washu went back to her original task. She had noticed 
that Ryoko seemed to know what May was doing even when she wasn't around her. 
Washu suspected that Ryoko was forming a telepathic bond with Mayuka. How deep 
the bond ran and was it both ways like the other bonds she already had was what 
Washu needed to find out. Once inside the section controlling Ryoko's telepathy, 
Washu scanned all of her links. Almost immediately, Washu found what she was 
looking for. Ryoko had indeed formed a telepathic bond with her adopted 
daughter. It operated on the subconscious level and appeared to mainly receive 
May's thoughts. This was something that required immediate attention. Even 
though Ryoko was only receiving now, Washu could not take the chance of Ryoko 
broadcasting her thoughts with no training. Mayuka's mind was still forming, and 
if she picked up some of Ryoko's darker thoughts and memories, permanent damage 
would result. Ryoko had to be taught how to control her mind now. Tomorrow, 
she'd teach Ryoko how to screen her thoughts in order to prevent accidentally 
sending them to May. She'd also show her how to consciously listen to May's 
mind. Washu remembered when she had listened to Ryoko's own mind during her 
infancy. It was a strange and wonderful experience and Ryoko deserved the same 
chance with Mayuka.

  The next morning, Washu got Ami to cancel the day's session so she could teach 
Ryoko the necessary skills. Ami agreed to Washu's request, but said the next day 
she wanted to try something. Since she wasn't getting anywhere, Ami wanted to 
use hypnosis to help Ryoko remember her time in the cave. If that didn't work, 
she'd have Washu go into Ryoko's mind and open up those memories. Reluctantly, 
Washu went along with Ami's plan. Once that was settled, Washu spent the day 
working on Ryoko's telepathy skills. Both Ryoko and Zero were amazed at the 
things they felt from May. Washu then taught Ryoko how keep her own thoughts 
from being transmitted across the link. She stressed the importance of this 
lesson, saying now wasn't the time for Ryoko to talk with May through their 
link. Once May was older, Ryoko could speak mind-to-mind with her daughter under 
Washu's supervision. Ryoko accepted this, but wished she could try speaking now.

  Ami spent the majority of the day planning for the next day's sessions. The 
sessions were taking a toll on her also. She hadn't been able to enjoy any real 
quality time with Kansuke since the call from the Galactic Court. Even after the 
sessions ended for the day, Ami had to review them and collate all the material. 
She wanted to be able to take a break from this and just relax for a while. 
After this damn trial was over, Ami promised herself that she'd take a vacation 
with her son. Too, she'd be able to keep much more sensible hours for Ryoko's 
therapy sessions.  

  The next day Ami held the session in the lab. She needed Washu to monitor 
Ryoko while she was under hypnosis. Before they started, Washu had Ryoko split 
herself. She didn't want Zero to experience Ryoko's terror again. After the 
session, she could rejoin with Ryoko and help her cope. Until then, Zero was to 
look after Mayuka. Things started well enough as Ryoko was easily put into a 
hypnotic trance. Ami started asking Ryoko what happened when she awoke in the 
cave again.

   Shivering with cold, Ryoko said,"Is this a dream? No, this is real. I have to 
get out. Wait, I can't move!! "

    Ami then asked her,"Why can't you escape? What's wrong?"

   "My powers are gone!! Mommy! Where are you? Someone answer me please!"

  "Go on Ryoko, what happened to you?",  Ami asked gently. She sensed they were 
reaching a critical point. If Ryoko could speak about the cave and be made to 
consciously remember the events, the breakthrough Ami wanted would be achieved.

   Ryoko then screamed,"OH NO!! I CAN'T PROJECT MYSELF!! I'M TRAPPED IN  
HERE!!!". Her eyes snapped open as she screamed in terror. Even hypnotized, 
Ryoko couldn't face her fear of the cave. Washu held Ryoko close while she 
regained her self control. Ryoko's whole body shook violently from the memory of 
being trapped again. 

  Ami knew that there was no point to trying to go any further using hypnosis. 
Ryoko's scars went too deep into her consciousness for it to work. They had been 
so close to a breakthrough, too. For the first time, Ryoko had admitted what 
triggered her retreat from reality. If only she could have said what she 
experienced in the cave. Ami decided that she had no choice now, Washu would 
have to go into Ryoko's mind and unlock those memories. 

   Once Ryoko got herself under control again, Washu opened the lab and had Zero 
merge once more. Ami canceled the rest of the day's session, even though it was 
several hours before lunch. Since it was Friday, Washu suggested they all take a 
needed break. Until Monday, no one was to even mention the cave or the trial. 
This way, everyone could start fresh next week.

  Ryoko and Ami enthusiactically agreed. Ami headed for the playroom with 
Kansuke, determined to enjoy every minute. Ryoko took Mayuka to the training 
grounds. It had been awhile since she had worked out with Sasami, and she wanted 
to see how Sasami was doing. True to her promise, Ryoko had been Sasami's 
training partner ever since the fight with Misaki. Sasami had come a long way 
under both of their tutelage. While no fighter, she knew the basics of defending 
herself and how to avoid trouble. Also, Ryoko wanted to start May's training. 
She would work on May's balance and coordination. Washu had confirmed that it 
was safe to do this, as long as Ryoko went slowly and didn't push.

  That night after supper, Misaki sought out Washu. Ryoko was in the onsen with 
other women in the household, so now was the time to talk to her. When Misaki 
asked why Ryoko never attended school with Tenchi, an expression of deep pain 
crossed Washu's face. Ami was also present, having discussed her plans for a day 
trip to Tokyo with her son.

  "What's wrong Washu?", Misaki asked, concerned now.
 
  "Ryoko didn't attend school or college for a very good reason. She's been 
hiding a secret ever since she got out.", Washu replied, her voice full of pain 
and sadness.

  "I don't understand," Ami said, now curious as well.

  "My own daughter is functionally illiterate. Her reading and comprehension 
skills aren't even that of a first grade child on Earth.", Washu practically 
sobbed.

  "That's impossible! We heard her read Mayuka's adoption papers," Misaki 
replied.

  "No you didn't. That was me using our link to look through her eyes and read 
to her what she saw. When was the last time any of you saw Ryoko read a book or 
even text on a screen, other than comics?", Washu asked.

    Both Ami and Misaki stopped to consider Washu's words. It dawned on them 
that she was right. Ayeka and Sasami were avid readers and had gone through 
Nobuyuki's library. Kiyone and Mihoshi also spent time reading. Of course, it 
went with out saying that Washu was well read. Yet neither of them could 
remember Ryoko ever reading a book. Even the comics in the library were rarely 
looked at by Ryoko. They looked at Washu in shock as the implications set in.

  "How did this happen and how come she's been able to hide it for so long?", 
Misaki asked in a horrified voice.

  "She's functionally illiterate, not completely. Ryoko knows the hiragana and 
katakana alphabets, as well as some of the more common kanji. The same goes for 
Galactic and Jurain scripts. However, that's all she really knows.  She has to 
sound out each letter and form the words in her mind. Basic signs she's learned 
to recognize over the years. As to how this happened, you can thank Kagato for 
this, may he rot in the lowest level of hell for eternity."

  "Kagato abducted Ryoko just before her fifth birthday. Don't ask me about that 
day, because now isn't the time. When he took her, Ryoko had just started 
learning to read. She showed every promise of being a child prodigy in her own 
right. I didn't push because I wanted her to learn at her own pace. Kagato did 
everything in his power to destroy the desire to learn in her. He wanted an 
unthinking slave, someone who would obey without question. He most definitely 
didn't want someone who could read, because that would mean she could think for 
herself. Ryoko might realize she was a human being and her life had worth. 
Slaves aren't supposed think for themselves, only obey," Washu said bitterly.

  "What did Kagato do?", Ami asked now.

  "What didn't he do is more like it. He brainwashed and tortured her for years. 
By the time she went on her first mission, Ryo-Ohki had more spirit than her. 
Only a spark of independence remained. On that mission, she was sent to retrieve 
something. She spotted a children's book while headed back. It looked pretty to 
her, so she brought it back with her. Kagato went berserk when he saw with her 
with a book. He made Ryoko destroy it with her powers. After that, he smashed 
her hands and put out her eyes, making sure she felt all the pain. Once she 
regenerated herself, Kagato told her that books were not meant for garbage like 
her. Ryoko learned to hide herself after, but she was never allowed a chance to 
read again. She was allowed to know only things she needed to complete her 
missions. Kagato would implant the knowledge directly into her, thus making sure 
she never learned for herself. "

   "What he couldn't prevent was Ryoko learning things by simply leaving the 
ship. Each time she left Soja, she learned a little more. When she found the 
Nameless Tree, Ryoko could think for herself, but Kagato had long since broken 
her will completely. The Nameless Tree awoke her spirit once more, but she 
wasn't able to handle the emotions, so she locked away all memories of the 
encounter. It wasn't until after Kagato's death that she even started to read 
again. She managed to teach herself the alphabets, but convinced herself that 
she didn't need to learn any more than that. Anytime she needed to read 
something important to her, like that manga quiz for the perfect mate, she'd 
have me read it to her. I did this in the hopes of reaching her, but with no 
luck. Part of the reason she hated me was because she couldn't read. The 
daughter of the greatest mind in the galaxy is barely able to read and write. 
She thought I was ashamed of her, and I didn't help matters any. Now she thinks 
she's too old to learn how to read. It's nothing more than an excuse to avoid 
facing her shame."

  "Ryoko's shown me more than once that she has a brain. The fact that she 
spends time watching educational programs proves that Kagato didn't destroy the 
desire to learn in her. All I need is something to get past that wall of denial 
she's put up. I know exactly why she's never been able to improve her reading 
skills and how to fix it. If she'd just give me a chance, I can open up whole 
new worlds of learning for her. You've taught before Misaki, so you know as well 
as I that before you can teach, the student must want to learn. That's what I've 
never been able to find, something that would spark her desire to learn.", Washu 
said sadly. She felt strangely at peace, now she had unburdened herself of this 
horrible secret.

  Misaki sat back on the couch thinking. Having taught the martial arts for 
years, Misaki knew Washu was correct. Unless someone wanted to learn, the best 
teacher in the universe could do nothing. It must be torture for Washu, knowing 
her daughter couldn't read. Misaki remembered when she had read with her 
children as well as Azusa and Funaho. The family discussions had been lively and 
fun. Suddenly the answer dawned on her. Washu probably hadn't thought of it 
because it would bring back too many painful memories.

  "Tell me Washu, did you ever read bedtime stories to Ryoko?", Misaki asked 
coyly.

  Washu's head snapped up so fast that her neck could be heard loud and clear as 
it popped. Both Ami and Misaki saw her face as Washu's mind started working, 
kicked into overdrive, then light speed, and finally warp speed. It was almost 
comical to watch, but they both knew better. Then before Misaki knew what was 
happening, Washu was squeezing the breath out of her. Over and over, Washu was 
saying, "Thank You!!", while crying on Misaki's shoulder. Misaki had given Washu 
her starting point. Washu had indeed read bedtime stories to Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki. 
Now it was time for Ryoko to do the same with Mayuka. All Washu had to do was 
tell Ryoko that she would no longer cover for her. If Ryoko wanted to read to 
her daughter, she would have to improve herself. From there, Washu would instill 
in Ryoko the desire to read on her own. Later that night, Washu went to bed 
happier than she'd been in a long time. Ryoko's illiteracy was an open sore to 
her, and now that damage would at last be undone.

  The next morning, Washu told Ryoko that she was to report to the lab. 
Grumbling, Ryoko obeyed. She had wanted to spend the day with Mayuka. Washu said 
that she had something important to discuss and didn't want to hear any 
objections. Entering the lab, she saw a classroom filled with books, her mother 
behind a teacher's desk, and a single desk with notebooks, pens, and pencils 
waiting for her. Washu pointed to the other desk and told her to sit down. The 
look on Washu's face and the tone of her voice, convinced Ryoko that her mother 
meant business.

  "Ryoko, it's past time you learned to read. We both know you've been avoiding 
trying to learn. As of now, I will no longer read for you.", Washu stated.

  "But Mom, I have tried more than once. Each time I've failed to make any real 
progress. I don't think I'll ever be able to read like a normal person.", Ryoko 
whined.

   "STOP WHINING!!! You are perfectly capable of learning how to read. You 
simply need someone to show you how. Or don't you want to read to Mayuka?", 
Washu said, playing her trump card.

  Ryoko fell silent at Washu's last sentence. She knew Achika and Noboyuki had 
read to Tenchi when he young. She had also seen Funaho read to Mayuka and wished 
she could do the same. Ryoko had always been afraid to admit she couldn't read. 
Now she would have no choice, since Washu had taken away her last option.

   "What do I have to do, put myself into one of your machines?", Ryoko asked, a 
note of desperation in her voice.

   "No, because then you wouldn't really learn. It would be just given to you, 
the same way Kagato gave you knowledge. Learning is a discipline in of itself. 
I'm going to teach you just like I used to teach at the Academy. As matter of 
fact, any adult education teacher on Earth could teach you." Washu replied.

  Ryoko's jaw dropped, and she said, "HUHH!!??"

   Beaming, Washu said, "It's really quite simple. You've been only learning 
half of what you need. In order to improve your reading skills, you also have to 
improve your writing skills."

  Now Ryoko was confused. "How can calligraphy improve my reading?", she asked. 
She knew Ayeka was well trained and produced beautiful scripts, but didn't see 
how that connected with reading.

  "You're confusing things. I'm not speaking of writing as an art form, though I 
do think you should learn it as well. What I'm talking about is writing as a way 
of communication. What you must understand is that reading and writing are the 
same thing. When you write, you're actually communicating your thoughts. Reading 
is merely the reverse of the process. Why do you think it's called the written 
word? Writing is speaking your thoughts, while reading is listening to them or 
others. You can't learn one without the other. Always remember that you write 
what you read and read what you write. ", Washu explained patiently.

   Ryoko said nothing as she tried to digest this new concept. Washu waited, 
knowing she had her daughter's interest now. After a few minutes, Ryoko looked 
at mother again.

  "What can I do then? I don't know the first thing about writing.", Ryoko 
pleaded.

  Washu's heart exulted within her. This was what she had been waiting for, 
Ryoko saying she wanted to learn. "That's what we're going to spend the weekend 
doing, learning how to read and write. I can't teach you everything in two days. 
What I'm going to do is lay the foundation for later on. You are going to 
practice writing letters and words until you can read and write a simple 
sentence. Afterwards, I want you to practice every single day writing. Take a 
book from the library and write the words you see. If you see a kanji you don't 
recognize, ask me. I'll tell you what it means, but I expect you to write it 
down. Writing the words will teach you kinestetically as well as visually. As 
you write each word, say it out loud. Eventually, you be able to look at words 
and comprehend their meaning without thinking. Once you reach this point, I'll 
test you and see if you're ready for the next step.", she calmly stated.

   Washu then made Ryoko practice writing the alphabet and the few kanji she 
knew. Ryoko's first attempts were clumsy and barely recognizable as letters. 
Over and over, Washu had her write, sounding out each letter. Like Misaki, Washu 
played no favorites. In this classroom, she was the teacher and Ryoko the 
student. Ryoko soon found out why her mother had such a fearsome reputation at 
the Academy still, even though she hadn't taught in millenia. By lunchtime, her 
eyes burned and her wrist ached from writing so much. After lunch, Washu made 
Ryoko use her other hand to write. Before Ryoko could protest, Washu grabbed two 
pieces of chalk and proceeded to write different sentences with each hand at the 
same time on the blackboard. She then wrote two lines simultaneously, one hand 
writing the mirror image of the other. Afterward, she turned and raised her 
eyebrow at Ryoko. Defeated, Ryoko picked up her pencil without saying a word. 

   Late in the afternoon, Washu declared class was over for the day. She had 
Ryoko clean up the classroom, saying that Sasami would be doing same thing when 
she went to school. As they left the lab, Washu had one more thing for her 
daughter to do.

  "Ryoko, I want you to tell the rest of the family. I told Misaki and Ami the 
truth last night, and everyone else should know. It's better that you tell them 
now, rather than having to explain why you're doing the homework that I gave 
you. Everyone will understand, and they all can help.", Washu ordered her.

  Ryoko was hesitant about doing this, but knew that Washu wouldn't let her get 
out of it. After supper, she came clean about her illiteracy. Everyone was 
surprised by her announcement, but quickly accepted the news. They all agreed to 
help her improve her reading skills. Ayeka was curious about one thing though.

   "Ryoko, why is Washu teaching you Japanese? I would think you'd be learning 
Galactic, since that's what you spent most of you life speaking.", she asked.

   "Because I think almost entirely in Japanese now. I was allowed only a very 
limited vocabulary by Kagato. Anytime he needed details, he'd read my mind 
directly. My gems acted as a universal translator, but I didn't know the meaning 
of the words, or more accurately, the concepts behind the words. Most of the 
things I heard over the years were just sounds to me. I never had any real 
conversations with any one. My talks with Ryo-Ohki didn't really use language, 
just pure thought. Because my vocabulary was so limited, my thought processes 
were also crippled. It wasn't until I met Tenchi that I had actual 
conversations. Since he could see and hear me when he was young, he was the 
first person who I truly talked with. The more we talked, the easier it became 
for me to speak as a native and not depend on the gems. By time he lost the 
ability to see me, all my thoughts were in Japanese. It wasn't until Kagato 
reappeared that I even remembered what little Galactic Standard I knew. ", Ryoko 
replied.

  The next day was more writing practice. Washu didn't allow any slacking in her 
classroom and threatened to drop another statue on Ryoko. Throughout the day, 
Washu would say a letter and have Ryoko write it on the blackboard. Words also 
were practiced. By the end of the day, Ryoko's handwriting had noticeably 
improved. She still had to sound out the letters, but with much less effort. 
Kanji were still a problem though. Washu told her not worry, that those would 
come in time. For now, she was relax and enjoy herself. Tomorrow, Washu was 
going into her mind and unlock the barriers Ryoko had erected around her 
memories. Afterward, Ryoko was to start her homework that Washu gave her. 

  The next day, Washu prepared for the dangerous task. If things went well, she 
would be able to anchor Ryoko's consciousness while she confronted her fear. 
Once Ryoko rode out the influx, her memories could be fully integrated into her 
conscious mind again. What Washu feared the most was that the memories would 
overwhelm Ryoko. She could end up reliving that horrible day 700 years ago and 
do everything she could to escape. To prevent her causing damage in the real 
world, Washu first had Ryoko split herself again. Zero's mind was less mature 
than Ryoko's and facing the horrors Ryoko had experienced would do serious 
damage to her psyche.

  Once Zero left the lab, Misaki, Minagi, and Ami entered. Washu then closed the 
lab portal and put up a shield blocking any telepathic signals. This would 
insure neither Zero or May would receive any stray thoughts from Ryoko. She then 
blocked all of Ryoko's energy powers. Misaki and Minagi were needed to counter 
Ryoko's physical strength, since it was intrinsic to her, not accessed by her 
mind. Once the preparations were complete, Washu hooked Ryoko and herself to a 
machine that would let Ami monitor them. Ryoko's thoughts would be visible 
onscreen while Washu was inside Ryoko's mind. If anything went wrong, Misaki and 
Minagi were to restrain Ryoko long enough for Ami to administer a sedative Washu 
had prepared. The dosage took into account the extreme level of adrenaline Ryoko 
would have and would knock her out in seconds.

  When everything was set, Washu linked with Ryoko. She entered Ryoko's mind and 
made mental images of themselves. They went into the recesses of Ryoko's mind 
until they reached the point where conscious and sub-conscious mind met. A wall 
of darkness loomed before them. Ryoko stopped, scared to go further. Washu took 
Ryoko's hand, and assured her that she wasn't alone this time. No matter what, 
Washu would be there to help her. Trembling, Ryoko followed Washu through the 
wall and into the place where she had locked her memories.

  They emerged in front of the cave. The scene outside was warm and sunny. It 
was the same kind of day that Ryoko had experienced when she first projected 
herself. Unlike the real cave, however, the entrance was sealed with a steel 
door. It looked solid and unbreachable, but on closer inspection Washu noticed 
stress cracks throughout. She could feel a vibration, like something was 
striving to get out. Clearly, the barrier Ryoko had erected had been weakening 
for some time. Sooner or later, she would have remembered everything on her own. 
That would have been disastrous, since Ryoko couldn't face the horror. Before 
Washu could look for a way to open the door, she felt Ryoko pull on her hand.

  "Mommy, don't go in there. That's the home of the monsters", she said in a 
child's voice.

  Turning, Washu saw Ryoko's mental construct was that of the child she had once 
been. It nearly broke her heart to see the sweet, innocent child again. Quickly, 
Washu regained control of herself and knelt down so that she was at eye level 
with her little girl.

  "Little Ryoko, we have to go inside. The monsters are hurting you even now. 
You must face them and make them stop.", Washu said gently.

  "Mommy, I'm scared. They've said that next time they get me, I'm never gonna 
get away. I'll be their prisoner forever. Please, let's run away now.", Ryoko 
cried.

  "I know, but I'm here with you now. I won't let them take you. Ryoko, you can 
beat them this time. You don't have to live in fear any more.", Washu replied, 
holding her daughter close.

  After wiping Ryoko's tear-streaked face and blowing her nose, Washu resumed 
her study of the door. Since it was set firmly into the opening, she decided to 
destroy it all at once. Gripping Ryoko's hand, Washu sent a bolt of energy into 
the door, vaporizing it. They then waited for whatever came next.
  
  At first nothing came out. Then sounds could be heard, starting low and rising 
to a cacophony of voices. An oily black pseudopod reached out and grabbed Ryoko. 
It tried to pull her into the cave, but Washu held firm against it. Ryoko was 
white with terror and held onto her mother with a grip of steel.

  "FIGHT IT RYOKO!! YOU MUST FORCE IT OUT OF THE CAVE!! IT CAN'T HURT YOU ONCE 
IT'S OUTSIDE !!", Washu yelled. 

  "MOMMY, HELP ME!!! IT'S PULLING ME IN!! DON'T LET IT TAKE ME!", Ryoko 
screamed.

  Ryoko struggled desperately, trying to keep from being pulled in. Washu also 
pulled, determined to make sure Ryoko wasn't lost. For a time they were winning, 
slowly forcing the amorphous blob out. Suddenly, Ryoko slipped and was yanked 
into the cave. Washu immediately jumped after her, knowing she had only one 
chance. By pure luck, she got a hold of Ryoko. Using every bit of strength she 
had, Washu hauled Ryoko out once more. Not stopping, she kept pulling until the 
blob representing the memories and terror was out. Ryoko's face was ashen and 
she was screaming non stop. Washu then picked Ryoko up and crossed back into her 
conscious mind again, bringing her memories along.

  In the lab, Ryoko was lashing out, reliving that horrible day. Misaki and 
Minagi both tried to restrain her, but were thrown against the wall. Dazed, they 
got up and tried again. Misaki managed to get a lock on Ryoko this time. 
Summoning every bit of strength and will she had, Misaki forced Ryoko down. 
Minagi then added her own strength, fighting to immobilize Ryoko. Even so, it 
was like holding a force of nature. Finally, they held her long enough for Ami 
to sedate Ryoko. 

  Ryoko stopped struggling almost immediately. Her screams ended and all of her 
vital signs moved out of the red. A few seconds later, she was asleep with only 
a elevated heartrate and breathing showing. Once Ami was certain of Ryoko's 
condition, she tended to Minagi and Misaki. Minagi was somewhat bruised, but her 
healing powers had already kicked in. Misaki had suffered a severe concussion, 
however. Ami ordered her to lay down on one of the medical units for 
observation. Misaki protested she was fine. She tried to get up and promptly 
fainted. Ami had Minagi carefully move Misaki to the med unit. Once Misaki was 
settled, Ami checked on Washu and Ryoko.

  In Ryoko's mind, Washu had sensed Ryoko being sedated. Working quickly, she 
integrated the memories back into Ryoko's consciousness. When Ryoko awoke, she 
would remember all that had happened in the cave. It would be hell for Ryoko, 
since she would feel the raw emotions all over again. The difference was this 
time Ryoko had people to give her needed support. Washu was confident that Ryoko 
could come to terms with her memories. Once she was finished, Washu left Ryoko's 
mind and returned to the lab.
  
  After checking on Misaki, Washu had a discussion with Ami. Ryoko needed close 
observation now. As she dealt with the raw memories, Ryoko would be in a fragile 
emotional state. What worried Washu the most were Ryoko's suicide attempts. As 
she experienced the utter despair once more, Ryoko might try again to kill 
herself. Until Washu was certain of her daughter's mental state, she'd have the 
entire family keep an eye on her. Zero could watch her while Ryoko was in the 
bathroom. Washu shuddered as she remembered Ryoko's last attempt. Ryoko had been 
a hair's breadth from succeeding. Only making her realize Ryo-Ohki wasn't dead 
and therefore was waiting for her somewhere convinced Ryoko to keep going. 

  While Ryoko was sleeping, Washu told the family what she needed them to do. 
She stressed that absolutely under no circumstance was Ryoko to be left alone. 
Everyone was horrified to learn of Ryoko's suicide attempts during her 
imprisonment. When asked how Ryoko tried to kill herself, Washu explained that 
she had basically turned her willpower against herself. Each time she attempted 
suicide, Ryoko gave into despair and focused all her energy into dying instead 
of fighting to live. Washu had fought back by giving her hope. 

  Misaki awoke several hours later. Washu declared her out of danger for now, 
but she was to take it easy for the next day. To make sure Misaki obeyed this 
time, Washu arranged a video call to Jurai. Both Azusa and Funaho ordered Misaki 
to obey Washu and stop being so stubborn. Azusa then told Washu she could 
whatever she deemed necessary to enforce her orders. Misaki unhappily agreed to 
obey Washu. She hated being inactive, even if it was for her own good.

  Shortly thereafter, Ryoko awoke. The raw pain and terror of the memories 
assaulted her immediately. She barely rode out the initial influx. After a 
while, the rush slowed to where she could focus on her surroundings. Ryoko 
noticed her mother's comforting embrace. Washu held onto her as Ryoko shook and 
sobbed. When she regained control of herself, Washu gently helped her out of the 
lab. She led Ryoko to the living room, where the rest of the family waited. 
Sasami had already prepared a steaming cup of Ryoko's favorite tea.

  What everyone noticed first was Ryoko's eyes. Even though she tried to hide 
it, they were filled with an expression of indescribable horror. Not giving her 
a chance to dwell on her memories, Washu first had Zero merge back with Ryoko. 
She then handed May to Ryoko, in order to help Ryoko focus on the present. Once 
Ryoko was settled, they all watched the soaps that they had missed earlier. 
After the soaps, Washu took some of the comics from the library and resumed 
teaching Ryoko. Because of what happened, Washu modified the assignment she had 
given Ryoko. She had Ryoko read the dialogues to her, and then write what she 
had just read. Each kanji's pronunciation and meaning was written down in a 
separate book, so she could refer to it and eventually commit to memory. 

  At bedtime, Washu declared that Ryoko and Mayuka were going to stay with her 
for the time being. If something happened, she needed to be able to react 
quickly. Ryoko quietly accepted her mother's decision. Having May stay with them 
made it easier to accept Washu keeping an eye on her. She admitted to herself 
that she needed her mother to hold and protect her. The memories of the cave 
were still fresh and she had to constantly remind herself that she was free now.

  For the rest of the month, Ryoko was immersed in a daily routine of chores, 
training, and lessons. All of this was designed to keep her grounded in the 
present. Any time she suffered a flashback, there was someone to bring her back. 
Ami kept the counseling sessions focused on the day of the attack, since this 
was the most relevant to the trial. Ryoko could only speak slowly about the 
events, but she was able to describe what happened without breaking down. The 
larger problem of her imprisonment by Yosho was set aside until after the trial. 
Ryoko still was in mortal terror of the cave. More than once she was seen 
staring in the direction of her former prison. 

  As April approached, Washu began to hope that Ryoko would pull through without 
any major problems. The flashbacks were lessening in both frequency and 
intensity. Then the worst happened. Laying upon the rafter one day, Ryoko had a 
flashback of her last suicide attempt. As she felt the despair overwhelm her 
once more, Ryoko began to think of how easy it would be to just give in. Soon 
she was gathering her will to turn against herself once more.

  Zero's scream across the link was the only warning Washu had. Wasting no time, 
she ran to the living room. Tenchi looked up from couch where he was sitting 
with Mayuka and Ayeka. The look on Washu's face told him that something was 
seriously wrong. Quickly, Washu reached and pulled Ryoko down to the floor. 
Ryoko's eyes were fey and dangerous. The despair she was experiencing was almost 
a physical force to Washu. This time, however, there was nothing blocking the 
link between them. From the sub-conscious to the conscious, Washu sent all of 
the love and happiness she felt for her daughter. She blasted through the wall 
of despair and loneliness and called out to Ryoko.

  Ryoko's face changed as she heard her mother. Slowly, she pulled herself back 
from the brink. She could sense she wasn't alone, that someone was there. Ryoko 
felt the warmth of her mother's love, the joy that they were together again. As 
she came out of her fugue state, her consciousness returned to here and now. A 
look of pure horror appeared as she realized just how close she had been to 
killing herself. A whimper escaped her mouth that quickly grew into a hysterical 
scream. Washu held her tight, trying to calm Ryoko down. She then felt Ryoko 
split herself, but this time it was Zero's doing. The thoughts and emotions 
associated with suicide were beyond her experience. While she had witnessed 
death before as Clay's assistant, she had never experienced such despair and 
emptiness. She was unable to hide in Ryoko's mind this time because the memories 
were fully integrated once more. Zero did the only thing she could, she 
physically tried to get away from this thing that terrified her. She ran to the 
corner of the living room, scared out of her wits.

  Mayuka started to cry as well, reacting to her mother's pain and fear. Washu 
gave a silent prayer that May was only crying because of what she physically 
saw. She then swore under her breath as the situation threatened to deteriorate 
into chaos. Ryoko desperately needed her right now, but so did Zero. Mayuka's 
crying only added to the confusion. Thankfully, Minagi came flying in with 
Misaki and Ami, having heard Washu's command. Minagi had felt some of Ryoko's 
despair through their link and the sheer depth of emotion had shaken her. When 
her father had died, she had felt depressed and adrift, but it was nothing 
compared to what she picked up from Ryoko.

  Taking the situation in, Misaki went over to Zero first. She gently coaxed her 
out of the corner and into her arms. Holding Zero, Misaki sat down on the couch. 
Hesitantly at first, Zero finally allowed herself to release the terror she had 
experienced. As she shivered and cried, Misaki spoke soothingly to her, calming 
her down. Washu had managed to quiet Ryoko by this time as well. Once Ryoko had 
regained a semblance of control, Washu took her upstairs to her own room. She 
made Ryoko lay down and gave her a light sedative. Sleep was what Ryoko needed 
for now. Once Ryoko was out, Washu left to check on Zero and Mayuka.

  The terror and its aftermath had caught up to Zero. After crying herself out, 
she had fallen asleep while Misaki hummed a lullaby to her. Misaki then carried 
Zero upstair and put her to bed with Ryoko. Washu set a few monitors up to keep 
an eye on them. She wasn't sure how long they could stay separated. This was the 
first time Zero had ever split on her own intiative. It was something that 
needed to be investigated later on. Washu was pretty sure they would merge on 
their own and she wanted a complete record.
  
  With Ryoko and Zero no longer crying, Tenchi and Ayeka were able to quiet 
Mayuka. Misaki told them to take Mayuka into the playroom and keep her busy. It 
would be several hours before Ryoko awoke and even then Ami had to work with 
her. Hopefully, this attempt would be the only one. 

  A few hours later, Zero came downstairs and told everyone Ryoko was awake. 
Washu was surprised to see her still separated. She scanned Zero to see how well 
she was doing. While there was a definite strain, Zero appeared to be handling 
it. Washu decided to let Zero stay this way for now, since she needed to talk to 
her anyway. After she saw Ryoko, she'd make Zero merge again. Now wasn't the 
time to find out how long Zero could stay apart from Ryoko.

   After asking Misaki to keep an eye on Zero, Washu joined Ami upstairs with 
Ryoko. Ryoko sat quietly in bed, her depression clearly evident. She didn't 
understand how she could have given in to despair so easily, since she had so 
much to live for. Most of all, Ryoko felt she had failed Mayuka. She had sworn 
that history wouldn't repeat itself, that May would grow up knowing a mother's 
love. Ryoko didn't know how she could face her daughter, but she knew that she 
must. She was still the only person Mayuka looked to as her mother.

  Once Ami was finished, Ryoko went to the playroom. May's eyes lit up and she 
ran to her. Hesitantly, Ryoko picked her up while everyone gave their silent 
encouragement. Mayuka hugged her with an iron grip, her young mind understanding 
only that her mother was with her. Silently, Ryoko started to cry, the tears 
flowing freely down her face. Washu motioned for everyone except for Ami and 
Zero to leave. Once they had left, she had Zero merge with Ryoko. Ami 
immediately began working with her. Slowly, she got Ryoko to accept that she 
hadn't failed Mayuka. Once she was certain Ryoko was stable enough, Ami let her 
rejoin the rest of the family.

  Sasami had just finished making supper. Ami told her they'd be along shortly, 
she needed to talk to Washu first. It was clear to Ami that Ryoko needed to get 
away from the cave. She felt that the proximity of the house to the cave was 
aggravating Ryoko's emotional state. Originally, Ami wanted to send Ryoko back 
to Seventh, but scratched that idea after Washu vehemently protested. Washu 
pointed out that Ryoko had given no outward sign of her suicide attempt, so 
putting her under observation wouldn't do any good. Ami reluctantly agreed, but 
still thought Ryoko was becoming a danger to herself. She asked was there 
anyplace they could take her. 

  After some thought, Washu suggested the inn owned by Tenchi's great-aunt. It 
was one of Ryoko's favorite places and was definitely far enough from the cave. 
Too, the hot springs would be just the ticket for getting her to relax. Ami 
agreed with this idea, and with that settled, went to supper. 

  Since it was so close to the start of the school year, it was decided to turn 
the trip into a family outing. This would be the last chance Misaki would have 
to spend with both her daughters. Once Sasami started school, she would have 
very little free time until vacation. Ayeka then brought up a potential problem. 

  "Washu, Auntie has always known you as a child. How are you going to explain 
your being an adult?", she asked.

  "I won't hide anymore, Ayeka. I'll tell her that I am Ryoko's mother. If she 
asks what happened to Washu-chan, I'll say that she was no longer needed. 
Tenchi's great-aunt is a lot smarter than you think. She can probably handle the 
truth that Ryoko and I are aliens. Don't forget Ryoko's displayed her powers 
enough times to make her wonder. She doesn't have to know about your status.", 
Washu replied.

  That night, plans were made for the trip. Nobuyuki's van couldn't take 
everyone, so Mihoshi had to borrow another vehicle from her friend, Kurashiki's 
chief of police. Even though he kept the existence of her GP pistol out of the 
official report, he had noted the deceptively small item's capabilities. It had 
sparked his curiousity, so he visited the Masaki home sometime after he arranged 
for Mihoshi to receive her driver's license. Ayeka and Ryoko were in the middle 
of one of their innumerable fights, so there was no chance to hide their true 
status. Before he knew it, the chief had been put through the biggest firefight 
of his life.

  After the chief recovered, Tenchi told him the whole story. He was glad to 
learn that Mihoshi was a fellow police officer. It was decided to make him a 
liason with the Galaxy Police, since he was the only person who had witnessed 
Mihoshi actually using her pistol. Mihoshi had already received a severe lecture 
from her grandfather for using such advanced weaponry. Because she had done it 
to save a life and the chief had kept quiet about it, she had avoided much worse 
punishment. The chief accepted this new role and arranged for Mihoshi to be 
listed as a foreign policewoman. In return, he was allowed to occasionally use 
the advanced equipment in Washu's lab under very strict conditions. 

  After Kiyone's arrival, the chief personally taught Mihoshi how to drive. Now 
that she was in her right mind, Mihoshi easily learned and before long was 
driving like a pro. She was the only person besides Nobuyuki and Yosho who had a 
driver's license. The other members of the family didn't feel the need for one, 
though Tenchi was studying for his license. 

  Tenchi's great-aunt was happy to see everyone again. They had last visited 
shortly after Mayuka's rebirth. She had noted this infant's resemblance to 
Tenchi, but everyone insisted that May was an orphan who had ended up with them. 
It had been clear to her even then that Ryoko had bonded with this child. Ryoko 
had spent the entire visit caring for Mayuka. What convinced her was the fact 
Ryoko hadn't touched a single drop of alcohol. Always before, she had consumed 
far too much sake for someone so young. Now Ryoko was a totally different 
person. 

  When they arrived, Auntie immediately noticed Washu's adult form. She was 
surprised to learn that Washu was Ryoko's mother. All Washu said was that Washu-
chan was gone now. It was Ryoko who shocked her. The last time she had seen 
someone with an expression like hers was just after the atomic bomb was dropped. 
Her family had lived near Hiroshima then, and she remembered how the survivors 
had looked as they tried to comprehend the horror they had witnessed. She had 
hoped to never again see someone with that expression. 

  Ryoko had to be helped out of the van, another sign of just how seriously 
wrong things were. Mayuka was brought out next, and was led by Ryoko to their 
room. The rest of the family also got settled in. Once they were unpacked, 
everyone changed and headed into the baths. Another thing that had changed with 
Ryoko was she now wore a towel whenever she took a bath with Mayuka. She had 
stopped flaunting herself at Tenchi when she had made peace with Ayeka. When she 
started caring for Mayuka, Ryoko wanted to set a good example for her daughter. 
However, she still liked to tease Tenchi on occasion. She did this once in order 
prove to herself that her spirit was free from the rape's hold over it. Ryoko 
had been totally up front with Ayeka that time. Ayeka had agreed, in part 
because she wanted to see her friend smile again. Also, Ayeka admitted to 
herself she had always loved to see Tenchi blush. 

  Throughout the visit Ami worked with Ryoko, helping her face the reason for 
her suicide attempts. From the counseling sessions, it was clear to her that 
unlocking Ryoko's memories had only solved part of the problem. While Ryoko 
could testify about what happened the day of the attack, she would never make 
any real progress until she physically confronted her fear of the cave itself. 
How to get her inside the cave long enough to do this was real question. Shortly 
after Ryoko's memories were unlocked, Ami and Washu had taken Ryoko into the 
cavern itself. Even with the cave fully lit by Washu, Ryoko was trembling with 
suppressed fear.

  When the light was extinguished, Ryoko had lasted only a couple of minutes 
before she had to get out of there. Screaming at the top of her lungs, Ryoko 
raced at full speed out of the cave. By the time Ami and Washu caught up to her, 
she was curled into a ball, shivering and sobbing. Even though she knew she 
wasn't alone in the cave, Ryoko had been unable to sense anyone. It was her 
worst nightmare once more, left alone in the darkness.

  What Ami didn't know was that Ryoko had arrived at a similar conclusion. Her 
suicide attempt had been the last straw. Even though she had been released 
physically, she had never been truly free. Now the cave's hold over her had hurt 
her beloved daughter again. The first time she'd had the excuse that it wasn't 
her doing. This time she had no such excuse. At first, Ryoko thought of sealing 
the cave, but quickly discarded that idea. She had to end the cave's hold over 
her once and for all. 

  Meanwhile, Tenchi's great-aunt was putting some facts together. The water had 
a way of carrying conversations, and as innkeeper, she had learned to ignore the 
majority of it. One snippet caught her attention however. She overheard Ryoko 
describing part of her imprisonment by Yosho. Auntie was familar with the legend 
of the Masaki shrine. She noted how Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki were also the names of 
the legendary demons. Now here was this girl saying she'd been imprisoned by 
someone who'd lived 700 years ago. The way she described everything made it seem 
like she had actually lived the events. 

  Auntie also thought about Washu and Mayuka. There was no doubt in her mind 
that Washu and Washu-chan were the same person. She was also certain of Mayuka's 
resemblance to Tenchi. Age hadn't dimmed any of her faculties and it was clear 
Tenchi was related to Mayuka, despite his insistence otherwise. Strangely, she 
had to agree with the girls, none of them were Mayuka's birth mother. All in 
all, there was something strange going on here. She decided it was time to get 
some straight answers from someone. Just as she came to her decision, she met up 
with Washu.

   Auntie asked Washu point blank what was going on. Not pretending to be 
ignorant, she proceeded to answer all of Auntie's questions. She told 
everything, even the truth about the rest of the girls and Misaki. Washu saw 
there was no point in hiding the truth anymore. Auntie was a little amused to 
learn Tenchi was a prince, but not overly impressed. She approved of Tenchi 
accepting the responsibility of raising his child, even if she was totally 
unexpected. Her heart went out to Washu and Ryoko when she heard about the raid. 
Once she heard everything, Auntie went to bed, glad that the half-truths and 
lies were at an end.

   While everyone was asleep, Ryoko was formulating a plan. Keeping her thoughts 
from her mother wasn't easy, but it was vital Washu didn't learn what Ryoko was 
planning. Ryoko had decided that the only way she could face her fear was to 
remove any chance of running away. The reason she didn't want her mother to know 
her plans was because she felt she had to do this on her own. If Washu helped 
her, Ryoko would always question whether or not she had truly conquered her 
fear. Also, Washu would freak out if she knew how Ryoko planned to face her fear 
of the cave. 

  The next morning everyone headed back home. Ryoko spent the majority of the 
trip sleeping, having gotten very little sleep the night before. She had decided 
to act as soon as they got home, before she lost her nerve. Her plan was simple 
in concept, but frightening in its implications. She was going to have Yosho use 
Tenchiken to seal her in the cave for one last time.

  Ryoko had unintentionally supplied one required element of her plan at 
Christmas. Washu had given her gem back as a Christmas present, saying she 
earned it. For long minutes, Ryoko held her gem and debated with herself. She 
then asked Tenchi to hold out Tenchiken for her. Thinking Ryoko was finally 
going to reclaim her other two gems, Tenchi complied with her request. The 
entire family was surprised when Ryoko prayed for her third gem to return to 
Tenchiken. When asked why, Ryoko explained that only recently had she come to 
understand that she wasn't ready for the gems. Without her gem, Ryoko had 
experienced life in a way she never thought possible. She actually felt like a 
normal person, even though she still had her Masu-based powers and strength. 
Too, she was aware of her mental and emotional problems now. By putting her 
third gem back in Tenchiken, she was making sure they would be safe until she 
was healed in mind and soul.

  It was early afternoon when they got home. Using the screening techniques 
Washu had taught her, Ryoko managed to keep her mother from learning her plan. 
It wasn't easy due to Washu increased surveillance. Ever since her suicide 
attempt, Washu had maintained a continual link with Ryoko, checking on her at 
random intervals. She flatly told Ryoko that she would keep doing this until she 
was certain Ryoko was out of danger. 

  After supper, Ryoko put her plan into motion. She asked Tenchi and Ayeka to go 
for a walk with her and Mayuka. As they climbed the steps to the shrine, Ryoko 
was more than a little scared. She kept her fear suppressed, since Washu might 
pick it up before she could implement the rest of her plan. Once they reached 
the shrine, Ryoko called Yosho outside.

  "Yosho, your leaving me to rot in that damn cave is what caused most of this 
mess. You owe me big time and now it's time to pay up. Every time I've tried to 
face my fear of the dark, I end up running away. Therefore, I want you to seal 
me in the cave with Tenchiken for 24 hours. It's the only way I can think of to 
conquer my fear of the dark.", Ryoko stated.

  "HAVE YOU COMPLETELY LOST YOUR MIND??!!", both Tenchi and Ayeka shouted.

  "Ayeka, Tenchi, I'm tired of living in fear. You released me from the cave, 
but I've never been free. I want to be able to truly live, not be chained to the 
past. In order to do this, I have to break the cave's hold over me once and for 
all.", Ryoko quietly said.

  None of them could respond to this statement. Not giving them or herself a 
chance to think of anything else, Ryoko headed towards the cave. Once they 
arrived, she split herself and had Zero hold onto May.
Bending down, she kissed her daughter and told May that she loved her, but this 
was something she had to do. Ryoko then told Zero that she had to fool Washu for 
as long as possible. She was confident Zero could stay separated for such a long 
time. If it appeared Zero's life was in danger, Tenchi was to open the cave 
early so they could merge again. This was the only thing Ryoko would allow. 
Otherwise, no matter what they heard, the cave was to remain sealed for the full 
24 hours.

  Once inside the upper part, Ryoko created a ball of light. Even with Tenchi 
and Ayeka next to her, she had to force herself to walk down the passageway to 
the pool. Once they reached the pool, Ryoko destroyed the replica gem she wore. 
Without it, she wouldn't be able to astrally project past the seal. As she lay 
down into the water, she could see the concern on their faces. She told them to 
leave and have Yosho enact the seal. With great reluctance, Tenchi and Ayeka 
complied. Knowing she only had a short while, Ryoko enacted the final part of 
her plan. She cut off all of her telepathic links. Washu wouldn't be able to 
enter her mind until Ryoko reopened the link. 

  Shortly after she finished, she suddenly felt incredibly weak. Her light 
sputtered and vanished. The utter blackness pressed down as she found herself 
unable to move. Ryoko could feel her terror rising as she desperately tried to 
hold back the darkness. She then gave a scream of total despair as the the cave 
claimed her body and soul once more.

  At the entrance, Tenchi and Ayeka heard Ryoko's screams. They wanted to reopen 
the cave then and there, but Yosho stopped them. Zero had already been sent back 
to the shrine, so neither she nor Mayuka heard Ryoko. Shaking his head, he made 
them also go back. Once there, Yosho sent the four of them back to the house. He 
went inside the shrine to pray for Ryoko. 

  Washu was waiting for them when they arrived. She had tried to check on Ryoko 
and was worried when she couldn't sense the link. Thinking Zero was Ryoko, she 
started to ask her why the link was closed. Washu stopped and looked closer at 
Zero. She began to panic when she realized that it was Zero before her.

  "Where is Ryoko?", Washu demanded.

  Zero looked away, unable to face Washu. Tench and Ayeka were similarly 
downcast. Washu again tried to reach Ryoko. Her efforts only met with silence. 
Her panic became full-blown when even her scanners failed to pick up her 
daughter. Unable to stand seeing the person she had come to love as her mother 
in such pain, Zero blurted out the truth.

  "Momma, Ryoko had Yosho lock her in the cave so she could face her fear", Zero 
tearfully said.

  "SHE DID WHAAATT??!!", Washu asked disbelief.
  
  Zero then showed her through their link. Washu was ready to force someone to 
release Ryoko when Misaki suddenly intervened. Holding Washu's shoulder in a 
painful grip, she made her sit down on the couch. Washu tried to free herself, 
but Misaki dug her thumb into the muscle and nerve clusters. Washu gasped as her 
shoulder and arm seemed like it was on fire.

  "Washu, you have to let her do this. Ryoko is trying to conquer her fear and 
she must do it alone.", Misaki said firmly.

  "But she needs me. I had to reintegrate her memories because she couldn't do 
it. What makes you think she can do this by herself?", Washu sobbed.

  "This time, Ryoko's made a choice. You've done everything to help her reach 
this point. However, you can't conquer her fear for her. She has to do that 
herself. Otherwise, she'll be forever broken in spirit. You're thinking as her 
mother, not a doctor. You're going to have get by me first if you want to free 
her before the time limit is up.", Misaki replied.

  Washu was torn by the truth of Misaki's words and the desire to help her 
child. She was deathly afraid of what would happen if Ryoko lost this fight. As 
much as she wanted to be with Ryoko, Washu knew that this time there was nothing 
she could do. If she tried to interfere in any way, Misaki would have her out 
cold before she could blink. In her agitated state, there was no way she could 
mount a defense against her.
Defeated, Washu started to cry.

  Misaki released her and waited. Once she was certain Washu wouldn't try 
anything stupid, Misaki backed off. Washu silently cried, praying Ryoko would 
make it. After a while, her tears subsided. Since there was nothing she could do 
for Ryoko, Washu turned her attention to Zero. So far, Zero was holding under 
the strain of being so far from Ryoko's body. Still, they were in unchartered 
territory here. Based on the last separation, the lab's computer projected Zero 
should be able to make it before the strain became too great. 

   At bedtime, Ami gave Washu a sleeping pill and watched her swallow it. After 
she was asleep, Ami helped Misaki make sure everyone else went to bed. She 
wholeheartedly agreed with Misaki's reasoning. This was what she had been trying 
to get Ryoko to do, to take control of her life. Locking herself in the cave was 
a little too drastic for her tastes however. Ami would have preferred Ryoko to 
have gone a litte slower.

  Late that night, after everyone was asleep, Washu snuck out of her lab. 
Pretending to swallow the pill and faking sleep was child's play for her. Ryoko 
had been in that cave long enough. The gems were what held Ryoko captive. Washu 
knew how to make the gems overpower Tenchiken and break free. She'd unseal the 
cave and get her daughter out of there. If Ryoko had lost her battle, Washu 
would have Zero show her where they hid the last time. Otherwise, Ryoko was 
going to receive the worst dressing down of her life. 

  A  slight movement in the air was all that Washu sensed before everything went 
black. Misaki caught her as she crumpled to the floor unconscious. She'd thought 
Washu might pull a stunt like this. Ryoko had said to keep her sealed for 24 
hours and Misaki was going make sure her request was granted. Sighing, she 
understood Washu trying to get Ryoko out of cave. If Ayeka or Sasami were 
trapped in there, Misaki would be fighting tooth and nail to get them out.

   Early in the afternoon, Washu awoke in her bed with a blinding headache. 
Looking at the clock, she saw that she'd been out for over twelve hours. Misaki 
must have used some extra force with that pressure point strike. Or else, she'd 
gotten Ami to sedate her afterwards. Shakily, Washu got dressed and made her way 
into the kitchen. Sasami had left a meal for her to reheat. While waiting, she 
took an analgesic to ease her throbbing head.  

  Misaki came in while Washu was eating. She'd been busy all day looking after 
Zero. The strain of being split for so long and being so far away from Ryoko was 
showing on her. She had very little energy and could hardly walk. Zero refused 
any offer of assistance doing her chores, however. Drawing on the fighting 
spirit she acquired from Ryoko, she was determined not to let Ryoko down. 
  
  Seeing how stiff and sore Washu was, Misaki made her lay down while she gave 
her a massage. Washu sighed in blissful refief as the tightened muscles and 
constricted blood vessels were eased. After she was finished, Misaki told her 
that Funaho was monitoring Ryoko's physical condition. Ryoko's screaming had 
stopped sometime after midnight, and nothing had been heard since. Seeing the 
look on Washu's face, Misaki said Ryoko's vital signs were stable, so they would 
wait the full time. 

  The last few hours were the longest in Washu's life. Misaki wasn't even 
letting her leave the house until shortly before it was time. She'd told 
everyone in the household any attempt to go against Ryoko's wishes would result 
in facing her wrath. Misaki was as worried as everyone else, but Ryoko had 
chosen to fight. Stopping her would dishonor her choice.

  Finally, Misaki let everyone go to the cave. The last few minutes dragged on 
interminably for Washu. When Yosho announced it was time, he couldn't move fast 
enough as far as she was concerned. Once the passageway was open, Washu 
desperately called for Ryoko, both out loud and through the link.

  From deep below came the faintest of whispers, "Momma?"

  "RYOOKOO!!!!", Washu joyfully shouted.

  "I'll be right out, Mom. Please don't come in.", Ryoko faintly replied. 

  Washu almost ran down anyway, but was held back by Misaki. Ryoko had entered 
under her own power, and she was determined to leave the same way. A dim ball of 
light appeared first, then Ryoko came into view. Her face was drawn and haggard, 
while her eyes were red from non-stop crying. However, they were clear and full 
of life. She had faced her inner demons and won. Step by laborious step, she 
walked up the slope and out of the cave. She didn't stop until she was fully 
under the open sky. Looking at Washu, Ryoko managed to say, "I did it Momma.", 
before she collapsed into her mother's arms.

  Two days later, Ryoko awoke in Washu's bed. As she slowly got up, she noticed 
she was dressed in one of Washu's nightgowns. Any other thoughts were put on 
hold as the call of nature asserted itself. She felt like she would bust if she 
didn't go to the bathroom. After relieving herself, Ryoko took a long hot 
shower, luxuriating in the sensations. After she was through, a loud rumble from 
her stomach reminded her she hadn't eaten in days. When she tried to clothe 
herself with her power, nothing happened.

  "I see you found out part of Mom's punishment, Ryoko. She says for you to go 
to your room. Believe me, you are in BIIIGG TROUBLE.", Zero suddenly said from 
inside her mind. Her tone was positively gleeful as she delivered Washu's 
message. Wondering what Zero meant, she put the nightgown back on. The fact 
Washu hadn't spoken directly to her only added to Ryoko's sense of impending 
doom.

  Ryoko found out none of her energy powers were working. She had to walk all 
the way from the lab to her room upstairs. Entering her room, she saw a school 
uniform laid out on her bed, along with a complete set of underwear. There was a 
note with everything, written in Washu's clear, precise handwriting. Ryoko 
picked it up and slowly read it out loud. 
   
  "Breakfast is waiting for you downstairs. After you've finished eating, you're 
to change into this uniform AND I MEAN ALL OF IT!!", the note said. Ryoko looked 
dismayed at this last part. She didn't know the first thing about putting on a 
bra. Always before, she'd create something loose fitting for normal wear. Even 
after she started being Mayuka's mother, she insisted on the same style clothes. 
Her battlesuit was like a second skin that allowed maximum movement. The uniform 
itself looked like it wouldn't be uncomfortable. She continued reading the note.

  "Once you're fully dressed and presentable, go to the classroom. Leave the 
shoes by the front door of the house, since you'll need them later. I'm watching 
you on the monitors right now, so don't even think about dawdling. NOW GET 
MOVING!!", the note finished. Ryoko jumped a little as she finished reading the 
last sentence. Washu must be really mad at her, Ryoko thought.

  Downstairs, she saw everyone except Sasami and Yosho. Yosho usually was at the 
shrine, but where was Sasami? Ryoko then saw the date and realized today was 
Sasami's first day of school. Kiyone, Mihoshi and Minagi all had wide grins when 
Ryoko entered the kitchen. Misaki was snickering along with Ami. Only Tenchi and 
Ayeka looked a little downcast. Mayuka was overjoyed to see Ryoko and began 
bouncing up and down in her high chair. 

  After breakfast, Misaki followed her upstairs. Washu had told her to help 
Ryoko get dressed. She would have done it herself, but she didn't want Ryoko to 
know until the last minute just how mad she was at her. As Ryoko tried fastening 
the bra, Misaki started laughing her head off. After the fifth time, she took 
pity on Ryoko and showed her how it was done. She then helped Ryoko finish 
dressing, and had her sit down so she could brush her hair. Once Misaki was 
through, she looked over Ryoko with a critical eye and declared her presentable 
for school. She had done the same thing with Sasami earlier that morning, and 
then watched as she boarded the bus to town.

  Ryoko headed to the classroom, wondering what her mother had in store for her. 
Granted, she had kept her plans from Washu, but surely Washu understood why 
Ryoko had to face her fear alone. As Ryoko entered the classroom, she saw Zero 
hadn't been kidding. Washu was sitting behind her desk, her face like granite 
and her eyes ice cold. What puzzled Ryoko was the scarf Washu had over her head. 
Still not saying a word, Washu jabbed her finger at Ryoko and pointed to just in 
front of her desk.

  As Ryoko stood in front of the desk, Washu just stared over the top of her 
pince-nez she wore while teaching, her fingers idly tapping the desktop. The 
silence was deafening between them. Ryoko began to fidget, wishing her mother 
would say something. It didn't help matters that Zero was giggling as well. She 
knew precisely what was in store for Ryoko, but Washu had ordered her not to say 
anything. Finally, Washu sighed and pushed her chair back.

  "I suppose you ought to be congratulated, Ryoko. You have managed to do 
something that I thought patently impossible. In my 20,000 years, no one and I 
mean NO ONE has done what your little escapade did. Not my ex-husband's family, 
not that idiot Clay, not Kagato, not Yosho, not your fighting with Ayeka, not 
even those bastards who raped you did it. You and you alone are responsible for 
THIS!!", Washu said as she took off her head scarf.

  Ryoko gulped as she saw what her mother was talking about. Washu's hair was 
pure white. After letting her take a good look, Washu then stood up and came 
around to the front. Sitting on the desk, she continued speaking.

  "You put me through hell by shutting down our link. I had no way of knowing if 
you were all right in there. And of course Misaki took it into her head to stop 
me. I am sorely tempted to take you over my knee and tan your hide till it glows 
in the dark. Give me one good reason right now why I shouldn't.", Washu stated.

  "I had to do this myself, Mom. I'm sorry for scaring you like that, but can 
you honestly say you wouldn't interfere.?", Ryoko pleaded.

  Washu glared at her, then harrumphed. Telling her to sit down, Washu returned 
to her own seat. Despite her threat, Washu had already planned Ryoko's 
punishment. She merely wanted to see what her daughter had to say for herself. 
After telling Zero to be quiet, Washu pronounced Ryoko's punishment.

  "As you've already noticed, none of your energy powers are working. As of now, 
you are grounded. That means no flying, teleporting, phasing or creating 
anything, including your clothes. Also, you can't split yourself. If Zero wants 
to come out, you're to let her take control for as long as she wants. I've 
already punished her earlier for not telling me what you were up to."

  "Each day, you're to report to class in uniform, fully prepared. I've already 
made up several sets, and the school supplies we are going shopping for later. 
Since Japanese is your native language now, you're going to receive the same 
education Tenchi did. You are in the first grade now. To move on to the next 
grade, you must show me you've learned the required material. That means passing 
all tests, doing all your homework, and paying attention in class. I'll be 
keeping the same schedule as the city's schools. Your disgraceful lack of an 
education is at an end, Ryoko."

  "As for your co-conspirators, they've also been punished. Misaki made  Tenchi 
and Ayeka scrub the steps and the walkway all by hand yesterday. Yosho, I dealt 
with personally. He, of all people, should have known better. I made him stay in 
the cave for 24 hours and he had to stay fully aware the entire time. I wanted 
him to get a taste of the hell he put you through. If he didn't cooperate, I was 
going to bring him up on charges and to hell with the consequences."
 
  "Now that's settled, open the book on you desk. School is now in session.", 
Washu finished saying. 

  By lunchtime, Ryoko's head was swimming. Washu had decided it was time for the 
test she had mentioned. She made her first write both katakana and hiragana 
alphabets, neatly and in order. Then Ryoko had to read passages from her book 
out loud. Her reading skill had progressed a long ways. She no longer had to 
sound out each letter, though she still read at a snail's pace. Finally, Washu 
had her read the questions at the end of the book, and write the answers down. 
Privately, Ryoko doubted any first grader on Earth had to do all this on the 
first day, but wisely kept quiet. Washu was still in a bad mood, and complaining 
would only dig her in deeper.

   After lunch, Ryoko was allowed to attend her therapy sessions. Ami was 
anxious to talk to her. If Ryoko had indeed conquered her fear of the dark, then 
they could at last discuss her imprisonment. Also, she could confidently let 
Ryoko take the witness stand. Even though unlocking her memories had enabled 
Ryoko to speak about the second time in cave, Ami was concerned that the defense 
might still go too far. Both Jackson and Malone's lawyers were known for such 
antics. They had already tried to have Ami's sessions turned over to them 
through discovery. She had furiously objected, reminding them what was said in 
their sessions was protected by law.

   The session went quickly. Ryoko was able to answer all of Ami's questions, 
though she occasionally had to pause before some of them. Satisfied with what 
she heard, Ami told Ryoko that they would no longer hold the all day sessions. 
She would arrange a schedule with Washu so that Ryoko could attend class. Ami 
agreed with Washu, it was past time Ryoko got an education. Going to school, 
even if it was at home, would let her experience part of what she had missed in 
her life. 

   Washu took Ryoko shopping in town later that day. She had already changed her 
hair back to it's vibrant red. After picking up the necessary supplies, Washu 
treated Ryoko to some ice cream. She let her know how proud she was that Ryoko 
had conquered her fear. This did not mean Ryoko was off the hook for scaring her 
like that. Her punishment would last until the trial at the very least. Washu 
then told her if she kept her grades up during this time, she'd let Ryoko fly 
again. The rest of her powers Ryoko would have to earn again. Ryoko brightened 
at this prospect, since flying was one of her greatest joys. It reminded her she 
was a free person, not a slave.

  When Sasami came home later that day, she commiserated with Ryoko about all 
the schoolwork they had to do. Tenchi told Sasami that the workload would only 
increase. Sasami and Ryoko looked at each other, and began swatting him with 
their schoolbooks. Ayeka wanted to laugh herself silly, but kept quiet. Finally, 
they let Tenchi go, but the look on their faces clearly told him what would 
happen if he ever said something like that again. The girls then all went to 
living room to watch the soaps. Washu had recorded the episode earlier so 
everyone could enjoy them together.

  Bedtime Ryoko had Tenchi and Ayeka stay with her. She wasn't ready to try 
sleeping alone yet, but she wanted to see if she could sleep with just one 
person beside her. If she couldn't make it, Tenchi and her would swap the 
middle. Tenchi had no objections to sleeping between two beautiful women. 

   The next morning Tenchi discovered there was a downside to this arrangement. 
He woke before dawn in order train and found himself in the clutches of both 
Ayeka and Ryoko. They were still fast asleep, mumuring his name. Every time he 
tried to pry himself free, they merely snuggled in closer. He began to sweat 
bullets as they worked their way on top of him. Just as he thought he would be 
trapped, Ryoko rolled back over to the side. After carefully freeing himself 
from Ayeka, he snuck out of the room. Tenchi almost had a heart attack when 
Misaki grabbed him. She had gone to see why he was late for his training. When 
she saw his predicament, Misaki waited to see what he would do. While Tenchi got 
his heartrate under the speed of sound, Misaki quite deliberately yanked Ryoko 
and Ayeka out of bed.

  Handing Jurain training uniforms to both of them, she hounded them like a 
drill sargeant to get dressed and meet her at the training ground. When they 
dragged themselves up to the arena, Misaki put all three through a workout that 
made Yosho's training look limp in comparison. After they were finished, Ryoko 
barely had time to get back, bathe, have breakfast, change up and get to class 
on time. Washu had told her tardiness wasn't an option. Each time would result 
in a demerit against her. The more demerits, the longer she would stay grounded. 

   Ayeka was also kept busy while Tenchi, Ryoko, and Sasami were at school. Even 
if Tenchi chose Ryoko, she was still a member of the Royal Family and would have 
a seat on the Council. Misaki began having her help with the daily briefings in 
order to see where Ayeka's talents were. Misaki had decided long ago that 
neither of her children could take over as head of the Imperial Bodyguard, 
however. While Ayeka could fight, she lacked the perceptions and instincts of a 
true warrior. 

  As for Sasami, there was no way Misaki would ever let such a wonderful spirit 
as hers take a life. Misaki had killed before protecting her family. Only Azusa 
and Funaho knew of the nightmares that she occasionally had. Her seeming 
eccentricity was a defense to keep her happy-go-lucky spirit from being crushed 
by the fact she had killed. That was why she empathized so well with Ryoko. 
Misaki honestly didn't know if she could have held on like Ryoko did. 

  Throughout April and May, Ryoko was kept busy with classes and training. Early 
morning was a group workout with Tenchi, Ayeka and Sasami under Misaki's 
supervision. After breakfast, Ryoko attended school. Each day she was given an 
assignment, homework every night, and tested at the end of the week. She was 
expected to read a book over the weekend and have a report ready first thing 
Monday morning. Afternoon and early evening was given over to counseling with 
Ami, personal training with Misaki, and chores. On top of all this, Ryoko still 
had to be Mayuka's mother. When she complained about having so much work, Washu 
delivered a blistering reprimand. She reminded her that she had been married and 
was caring for a baby while still maintaining a workload at least three times 
what Ryoko had. Ryoko ears were flaming when Washu was finished. She hadn't 
thought her mother capable of such language.

  At last it was time to leave for the Seventh HQ for the trial. Despite all the 
preparation, Ryoko was a little queasy at being in the spotlight. She hated the 
thought of having to put up with all of the reporters and cameras. Funaho 
assured her that they would be kept at a distance. She and Azusa had arrived a 
few days before in order discuss preparations for the trip. After much 
discussion, it was decided that Funaho, Yosho and Ayeka would accompany Ryoko, 
Ryo-Ohki, Mayuka, Washu, Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Minagi. Misaki would stay on Earth 
with Tenchi, Sasami, and Noboyuki. Azusa would also stay on Earth, in order to 
spend some quality time with his second wife. He had missed Misaki terribly 
while she was acting as the Masaki housemother. 

  The group traveled in Yukinojo. There was a mob of reporters waiting for them 
as they docked. The security personnel were hard pressed to make a path for them 
so they could reach their quarters. Finally, they were able to make it through. 
Once inside their rooms, they all settled in for the night. The trial was 
scheduled first thing in the morning station time and it promised to be a long 
day. As Ryoko got Mayuka ready for bed, she was looking forward to the trial. 
The bastards who nearly destroyed her dreams would at last face justice. 
Afterwards, Ryoko would move on with her life and the new dreams she had 
created.

  The next morning, everyone went to the courtroom assigned to the trial. Funaho 
had told Ryoko to make a brief statement for the reporters, to which Ryoko 
agreed reluctantly. She hadn't been kidding about large crowds making her 
nervous. Taking a deep breath, Ryoko faced the throng while holding onto Mayuka.

   "Space Pirate Ryoko, what are your thoughts about this trial?", one reporter 
asked.

  Ryoko looked at him coldly and replied,"First off, my name is Ryoko Hakubi. 
Space Pirate Ryoko died in a cave 700 years ago and I hope she stays buried. As 
for this trial, I have come here to get justice according to the law. Now if 
you'll excuse me, I have an appointment to keep." With that statement, she went 
inside with Mayuka. Ryoko hated being called a pirate, since her crimes had been 
pardoned years ago. 

  The bailiff ordered everyone to rise when the judge entered. Judge Miura Oishi 
was known as a no-nonsense judge who had a reputation for fairness. With quiet 
dignity from long years on the bench, he called the court to order. Once 
everyone was seated, the charges were read and entered into the court record. 
The judge then told everyone that this was a court of law, not a circus. He 
expected all to show proper respect and decorum. Well aware of Ryoko's 
reputation and the publicity surrounding the trial, he had sequestered the 
jurors as soon as they were picked. He had also kept the gag order in place.

  What Ryoko didn't know was the security measures that had been instituted. 
Even though she had been pardoned, there were still many who wanted her dead. 
The raid had shown she wasn't invulnerable, and this would be her first time in 
a long while that Ryoko had appeared in public. Not wanting an attempt to be 
made on her, everyone entering the courtroom had been thoroughly searched. The 
rest of the station was on alert as well. 

  The prosecution made their opening statements. With careful deliberation, they 
stated what the defendants were accused of and how they intended to prove it. 
Eyewitness reports and physical evidence would be shown. The defense then opted 
to make their opening statement after the prosecution finished with their case. 
With that, the judge asked for Mayuka and Ryo-Ohki to be placed into the care of 
Funaho. Allowing May to stay during the grand jury had been a special case. With 
Ami's report that Ryoko could face her rapists, it was decided that their 
presence would be too disruptive. A monitor would allow Funaho to follow the 
proceedings. Ryo-Ohki wouldn't be called as a witness because her ability to 
speak verbally was still very limited. Her broadcast of the raid was considered 
to be phyiscal evidence.

  Ryoko was the first witness called to the stand. Calmly, she related the 
events leading up to the raid. She explained her reasons for staying behind on 
Earth. Afterwards, the defense briefly cross-examined her. They asked why she 
thought she would cause trouble if she had been pardoned. In a quiet voice, 
Ryoko replied that there were many survivors of her attack still alive. Startica 
was a happy occasion and her presence would only bring horrible memories. With 
that, the defense ended their questions for now. The real questioning would take 
place when they made their own case. 

   Kenshin Takeda was called to the stand. This had been a lucky break for the 
prosecution. He was disgusted with actions of Jackson and Malone. It was one 
thing to raid the house for advanced technology, but he had a daughter in high 
school. The thought of his own daughter being raped and the indifference of his 
teammates had been too much. His lawyer, acting for the best interest of his 
client, immediately worked out a deal. In return for full cooperation, all 
charges against him would be dropped. Ryoko had gone along with this, since it 
was her rapists that she wanted. She had been less inclined when the prosecution 
accepted the defense's recommendation that charges against the sniper team be 
reduced. Both of them were offered on a couple of years in return for pleading 
guilty to a lesser charge. Forensics and the Galaxy Police's own sniper units 
had confirmed their claim that Mayuka and Ryo-Ohki had never been in any real 
danger. The shot had only been a warning. Ryoko didn't like it because they had 
still shot at her daughter and companion, but eventually agreed.

  Once his testimony was finished, the defense declined to cross-examine. Ryo-
Ohki's broadcast was then entered as evidence. Both the spectators and jurors 
watched in rapt silence as the events played out. When they reached the point 
where Roberts used them as hostages to enter the lab, the judge recessed for the 
day. The newspeople covering the trial immediately rushed to their offices. 
Meanwhile, the family went back to their quarters. After watching their 
favorites soaps, everyon relaxed a while before turning in early. Tomorrow would 
be a busy day.

  The next day, the rest of Ryo-Ohki's broadcast was viewed. The defense 
questioned the validity of the broadcast. Yukinojo's logs were brought in. The 
identification codes in the broadcast matched Ryo-Ohki's registration. 
Furthermore, experts testified that it was a genuine broadcast, not faked. After 
this testimony, the defense had no further objections.

  Mihoshi and Kiyone both testified next. They each described what they did when 
the broadcast was received. As senior officer, Kiyone explained her reasoning 
for rescuing Mayuka and Ryo-Ohki first. She also had to show that proper 
procedures were followed and everything they did was fully documented. This was 
one area where both officers were well known for. The main difference between 
them was Mihoshi had the better eye for the little details while Kiyone had a 
talent for organizing a cohesive report. Most defense lawyers usually tried to 
cut a deal when they found out the duo were the officers in charge. 

  Minagi's testimony was brief. She mainly described her capture of the sniper 
team. The rifle was also entered as evidence. Since she had only sliced the 
barrel, ballistics had matched the slug found in the shrine to the rifle. During 
cross-examination, she stated the instructions given to her by Kiyone. The 
forensic report confirmed Minagi's description of the events. The defense's 
frustration was beginning to show. Each time they tried to show either 
contamination of evidence or improper procedure, the prosecution was able show 
otherwise. Once more, Judge Oishi recessed for the day.

  Come morning, Mihoshi was again called. She stated the actions taken during 
the rescue of the hostages. The defense pounced on her offer to let the raiders 
leave quietly, thinking she had slipped up. Mihoshi reminded them that Galactic 
law did not allow planets like Earth advanced technology. The raiders had found 
out the truth on their own. Since Earth was taking its first steps into space 
and debating the existence of life on other worlds, Mihoshi had concentrated on 
keeping the technology out of the raiders hands. Allowing them to leave was the 
best option at the time to do this while protecting the children. Of course, 
when the raiders were distracted by Washu and Minagi, both officers took 
immediate advantage.

  Washu was sworn in. In a choked voice, she described hearing Ryoko's screams 
through their mental link. With frequent pauses, she told the court what she 
felt when she realized Ryoko was in the cave. Her voice cracked as she told of 
finding Ryoko broken in the cave pool. Washu broke into tears when she testified 
about discovering her daughter had been raped. The defense declining to cross-
examine, Washu left the stand still crying. 

  Kiyone's medical scan was entered as evidence. Ryoko screamed as the photos 
were shown. Ami had never let her see them. At first, it was because Ryoko 
wasn't strong enough. Later, Ryoko was kept too busy to think about them. As a 
result, her shock was total when she saw the state she had been in. Her screams 
were matched by several jurors and spectators. One juror said if Ryoko hadn't 
been right there in front of him, he would have thought the picture was that of 
her corpse. Her eyes were completely lifeless and looking at them sent chills 
through everyone.
 
  Judge Oishi called a fifteen minute recess. After everyone got themselves 
under control and order was restored, the testimony continued. All of Ryoko's 
injuries, the DNA evidence, and the physical evidence was logged. Ryoko was 
still pale, but she kept silent. She would not give the defense the satifaction 
of seeing her lose control again. Once all the scans were viewed, Kiyone 
testified that they had taken Ryoko to Seventh for treatment and processing of 
the prisoners.

  Ami was then sworn in. She gave her diagnosis of Ryoko's condition and what 
had caused it. Calmly, Ami stated that it was Ryoko's belief that she was 
trapped in her former prison that caused her to retreat into her own mind. Asked 
why she didn't just free herself, Ami said the overdose of the tranquilizers had 
interfered with her powers just long enough. Her next statement was a bombshell. 
When asked by the prosecution why Ryoko was so terrified of the dark, Ami stated 
Ryoko had been conscious almost the entire time in the cave during her 
imprisonment by Yosho. Judge Oishi was hard pressed to maintain order as 
everyone started talking. 

  The prosecution had allowed this information to come out for different 
reasons. Ever since the grand jury, there had been much speculation as to why 
the cave had held Ryoko so effectively the second time. Bringing the truth out 
in open court rather letting rumor mill go to work would be less trouble in the 
long run. Also, it would strengthen the case they had against the raiders. Even 
though they didn't know why, the raiders knew Ryoko was completely terrified of 
the dark and had used that knowledge against her. Finally, by introducing the 
evidence themselves, the prosecution was stealing some the defense's thunder. 
They knew the defense wanted to in effect put Ryoko on trial. Now one more 
weapon had been removed.

  Finally, Judge Oishi restored order. Yosho then took the stand. He related the 
same story he had told Kiyone, leaving out only Ryoko's power being related to 
Jurai's and the fact the gems were what kept him young. When Yosho was finished 
testifying, the prosecution rested its case. Afterwards, the judge recessed for 
the next day . The newspeople fell over themselves trying to get to their 
offices. The tabloids were positively salivating at this potential scandal 
concerning the Jurai Royal Family. They tried to get a statement from Funaho, 
but she declined, citing the gag order. Everyone else also declined for the same 
reason. Jackson's defense lawyer attempted to give an interview, but was 
threatened with a contempt of court citation if he violated the gag order.

  In their quarters later that day, Washu apologized for losing control like 
that. She honestly thought she'd be able to testify, but having to remember 
everything had been too much. It opened wounds she had thought healed, and 
brought the raw pain and grief to the surface once more. Ami made a mental note 
to herself to spend some time with Washu. She amended that to include the entire 
family. She'd been so busy with Ryoko that she forgot that this incident had 
affected everyone else as well. Ethics and duty demanded she at least find out 
how they were dealing with everything that had happened. 

  Two days later, the defense made its opening statement. The main thrust of 
their argument was that Ayeka's appearance over Kurashiki had ultimately been 
the cause of the raid. Exposing her ship to general populace was a flagrant 
violation of Jurain and Galactic law. When Azusa had brought his ship over the 
house, even he had taken time to cloak their presence. The rape wasn't 
mentioned, in part because Jackson's and Malone's lawyers wanted to tear Ryoko 
apart on the stand. As far they knew, Ryoko was still terrified of the cave and 
unable to talk about it. Forcing her to testify about the cave would break her 
spirit.

  Ayeka was called first. Quietly, she told the court of her actions when she 
had detected Ryoko. Robert's lawyer pressed for an explanation of why she still 
tried to capture her even though she was violating the law. Her voice shaking, 
Ayeka admitted it was blind hatred for Ryoko that drove her to continue her 
course of action. Smugly, the defense ended questioning, their point made. The 
prosecution then showed news clippings from the next day. Only a brief mention 
was made of Ryu-Oh's appearance over the city, while the destruction of the 
Seto-Ohashi Bridge was passed off as a meteor strike. 

   Roberts was then called to the stand. He described Ryoko's actions over the 
years after her release. He mainly concentrated on the early years, when Ryoko 
was still fighting with Ayeka. Her heavy drinking, continual flaunting herself 
at Tenchi, and general immaturity were all brought out. This was a deliberate 
attempt to show Ryoko in a bad light, in order to cast doubt in the minds of the 
jurors. It also setup things for when Ryoko was called to the stand.. Under a 
withering cross-examination, however, Roberts was forced to admit Ryoko had 
changed when Mayuka entered her life. Pressed by the prosecution, he said Ryoko 
was in every way a responsible, caring mother to the infant, including remaining 
completely sober.

   A little miffed, the defense called Ami back to the stand. They wanted to 
show Ryoko was mentally unstable, again to cast doubt. Coolly, Ami testified 
that Ryoko's main problem was her lack of social skills and emotional 
immaturity. Her enslavement under Kagato had denied her a normal upbringing. 
Even though she was physically mature, emotionally and socially she was little 
more than a child, and acted accordingly. She was expected to act in ways she 
was unfamiliar with, which created much of the problems. Caring for May was what 
helped her reach emotional maturity. Otherwise, Ryoko was a normal person, in no 
way mentally ill.

  Realizing they had blundered, Jackson and Malone's lawyers decided to cut 
straight to the chase. They called Ryoko to the stand. As she walked up, Ryoko 
looked at their faces. Even though they hid it, she could tell the defense was 
gloating at the thought of forcing her to testify. The lawyers wanted to see her 
destroyed. Kiyone had warned her that despite some of their antics, her rapist's 
lawyers were actually very good. There was no way however that she'd give them 
the satisfaction. Ryoko would beat them at their own game, with their own 
weapons. 

   "Miss Ryoko Hakubi, please tell the court what happened the day of the so-
called 'raid'", Jackson's lawyer asked condenscendingly.

   "I was attacked by unknown people as I was preparing to cleanse the front of 
the shrine. They used some sort of sedative on me, because I was knocked out and 
woke up in the cave that had been my former prison.", Ryoko replied in a meek 
voice. She appeared to be scared, but anyone who knew her immediately saw the 
facade for what it was. Ryoko was actually getting ready to turn the tables on 
the defense.

  "Go on, please continue with your story," he said. This was going to be great, 
he thought.

  "Please, don't make me tell what happened. I've had nightmares ever since that 
day and wake up screaming.", Ryoko pleaded, sounding even more scared. The 
defense was falling for the bait she dangled in front of them.

   "Tell the court, Miss Ryoko. You've been found competent enough to testify, 
now do so!", Malone's lawyer thundered.

   Her voice shaking, Ryoko said, "I...I thought at first I was dreaming when I 
first woke up. Then I realized that I really was back in that hellhole. I 
couldn't use any of my powers or even move. It was just like the first time. 
This time was worse, because I couldn't project my astral body. I thought I was 
trapped for good in there. Don't make me remember this."

   "You've sworn to tell the WHOLE truth, Miss Hakubi. ", Jackson's lawyer 
pressed.  Both of them were walking a tightrope here. Judge Oishi might decide 
they were out of bounds with their questioning. So far, he hadn't said anything 
yet, but that didn't mean he wasn't paying attention.

  Ryoko looked down, seeming to gather herself. When she looked up, she no 
longer looked scared at all. Pinning both of them with nothing more than her 
eyes, she spoke in a clear voice.
  
  "You want the whole truth, fine. I escaped the only way I could, I fled to the 
deepest, darkest recesses of my mind. For me, being trapped in that cave was far 
worse than whatever horrors my mind could dredge up. Then I was somehow woken up 
from my self-imposed nightmare, only to find out I was raped by two of my 
attackers. I had escaped one form of hell, only to be thrown into another.", she 
said.

  The defense was stunned. Ryoko was supposed to be terrified of the cave, and 
yet she was talking about it quite easily. Not ready to give up, they tried a 
different tact. 

  "For someone who was a slave, you're acting like rape was something foreign to 
you.", Jackson's lawyer sneered, the insinuation blatant.

  The prosecution immediately objected to the question and indeed Judge Oishi 
was going to have it stricken from the record, when Ryoko stopped him. With no 
trace of anger, she said that she would answer the question. Reluctantly, Judge 
Oishi allowed her to proceed.

  "Let me make it clear to you. Yes, I was Kagato's slave but he NEVER TOUCHED 
ME THAT WAY!! He got off on one thing and one thing only, POWER. He loved 
nothing better than to take control of me and use me like a puppet. That's what 
I was, an unthinking, emotionless doll that he could play with. To him, sex was 
a weakness, same as emotions. Kagato raped me mentally, treating me as an object 
not a person. He robbed me of my mother, my dignity, almost my very identity as 
person. He didn't need to have sex with me. As a result, I was a virgin when 
your clients raped me. They stole the last shred of innocence I possessed.", she 
said, her voice cold as deep space.

  The two lawyers saw their whole game plan crumbling. Instead of being broken 
on the stand, Ryoko was beating them at their own game. Still, there was one 
last thing they could try.

  "If you're so afraid of the cave, then why didn't you press charges against 
Prince Yosho?", Malone's lawyer asked.

  "Because Tenchi had entered my life. I learned how to love and forgive through 
him. What good would it have to done to press charges? Besides, unlike your 
clients, Prince Yosho feels remorse for what happened. For me, knowing he has to 
live with what he has done is punishment enough.", Ryoko said with dignity.

  Defeated, the defense rested their case. Judge Oishi recessed for the weekend. 
As they went back to their quarters, Ami told Ryoko she had done better than 
expected on the witness stand. By answering that question, she had shown 
tremendous courage. Ryoko replied that she had been infuriated by the 
insinuation. Kagato had destroyed enough of her life and there was no way she 
was going to let him destroy anymore of it.

  The next week, the prosecution made its opening arguments. They summarized the 
case they had made. Each of the charges that the defendants were accused of were 
linked to the evidence presented earlier. By the time they were finished, a very 
convincing case had been built and all knew it.

  The defense's argument was much shorter. They mainly tried to show that the 
evidence was tainted, and therefore inadmissable. At no point did the defense 
say their clients were not guilty, only that the prosecution hadn't proven their 
case.

  The prosecution's closing arguement was also brief. With clear precision, they 
said the defendants had been entitled to a fair trial, which had been given. Now 
the People, as represented by Ryoko, Ryo-Ohki, and Mayuka, were entitled a 
verdict of guilty on all charges. Otherwise, justice wouldn't be served. After 
finishing their argument, Judge Oishi gave the jury their instructions. He 
reminded them to consider the case strictly upon the evidence presented. With 
that, the jury retired to deliberate.

  For the next two days, everyone waited for the verdict. If Ryoko had her 
powers, she would have been literally walking the walls and ceiling. As it was, 
she wore a path around their quarters. Washu threatened to tie her up in her 
machine if she didn't settle down. She was just as anxious, but posessed better 
control. Then came the call that the jury had decided. 

  When all were present and accounted for, Judge Oishi formally asked if the 
jury had reached a verdict. The foreman replied they had. The judge then asked 
for the forms to be handed to the bailiff. The bailiff gave the verdict forms to 
Judge Oishi, who carefully studied. He then had the clerk read the verdict. 
After listing the case's plaintiffs and defendants and the case number, the 
clerk finally got to the actual verdict.

  "We the jury find all the defendants to be GUILTY of conspiracy and assault. 
We further find Franklin Roberts to be GUILTY of kidnapping and criminal 
threatening.", the clerk read. Almost biting her nails, Ryoko waited for the 
final verdict to be read. Everyone else in the courtroom also waited for the 
last verdict

  "We the jury do hereby find Harold Jackson and Thomas Malone to be GUILTY of 
aggravated sexual assault.", the clerk read. Judge Oishi pounded with his gavel 
as everyone in the court responded. He sternly told the courtroom that court was 
still in session. Ryoko closed her eyes as the tension flowed from her. Until 
the verdict was read, she hadn't believed she would get justice. 

  Once order was restored, Judge Oishi declared the penalties would be decided 
the next day. No longer wearing the cocky expressions they had during the trial, 
the defendants were led back to the holding cells. As of now, all of them were 
convicted criminals. After they left, the court was recessed. 

  During the penalty phase, both sides were allowed to argue their case. Any 
mitigating circumstance were considered in deciding the length of the sentences. 
Since there were so many different races in the Galactic Union with different 
lifespans, prison sentences were based upon a percentage of the average lifespan 
of prisoner's homeworld, converted into Standard Galactic Time. This translated 
to a maximum of thirty years Earth time for the more serious charges, and seven 
to ten years for some of the lesser charges.

  The prosecution spoke first. As they had previously stated, they wanted the 
maximum sentence for the two rapists. They stressed the fact the raiders had 
imprisoned Ryoko in the cave knowing her fear of the dark. She had been raped 
while she was totally helpless. Furthermore, the prosecution was allowed to give 
the reason for the rape, namely to get back at Washu. This hadn't been 
introduced during the first part of trial, since it had no direct bearing upon 
the guilt phase. Since they had been found guilty, any reason for their actions 
could now be considered.

   The defense mainly said that the raiders had only been interested in 
acquiring the technology. They stressed the fact that Ryoko hadn't been killed, 
only confined. Ryo-Ohki and Mayuka were also unharmed. As for the rapists, there 
wasn't anything to be said. After the defense was finished, the jury once more 
retired. 

  For the rest of the day they deliberated. Then just before Judge Oishi was 
going to recess for the day, word came of their decision. Everyone was brought 
back into the courtroom. After the court was called to order, the jury foreman 
proceeded to read the sentences.

  "For the charge of conspiracy, we the jury do hereby impose a sentence of no 
less than five Earth years for each defendant. For the charge of assault of 
Ryoko Hakubi, we the jury do hereby impose seven Earth years for each defendant. 
Each of the sentences shall be served concurrently, with possibility of parole."

  "For the charges of kidnapping and criminal threatening of Mayuka Masaki and 
Ryo-Ohki Hakubi against Franklin Roberts, we the jury do hereby impose a 
sentence of ten Earth years on each count, to be served consecutively with no 
possibility of parole."

  Ryoko was relieved that the person who had terrorized Mayuka and Ryo-Ohki was 
getting the sentence he deserved. Now there was only one last sentence to be 
imposed. She desperately wanted to hear the foreman say the words that would let 
her believe in the criminal justice system. The tension palpable, everyone 
waited for final sentence to be read.

  "For the charge of aggravated sexual assault of Ryoko Hakubi, commonly known 
as rape, against Harold Jackson and Thomas Malone, we the jury can only find and 
do hereby impose the maximum sentence of thirty Earth years, with no possibility 
of parole. Furthermore, this sentence shall be carried out before the sentences 
on the charges of conspiracy and assault.", the foreman formally read. Judge 
Oishi declared that the final sentencing would take place tomorrow morning. With 
that statement, he recessed for the day.

  Early the next morning, the court was convened. Judge Oishi looked at all of 
the defendants. He asked if they had anything to say before final sentencing was 
carried out. They declined, having gambled and lost. Jackson and Malone stood 
silently, not even looking at anyone. The judge then proceeded to declare final 
sentencing.

  "After consideration of the evidence presented in this case, and any 
mitigating factors, I do hereby concur with the sentence handed down by the 
jury. The defendants are to be immediately remanded into the custody of the 
Dept. of Corrections to begin serving their sentences. I must thank all of the 
jury for not allowing the plaintiff's reputation nor the publicity surrounding 
this trial to interfere with their civic duty of judging the case strictly on 
its merits."

  "Miss Ryoko Hakubi, I realize that you and your companion Ryo-Ohki were 
unjustly persecuted for the majority of your life. The justice system is not 
perfect, but it will work if given a chance. Had you been brought to trial, it 
is likely your enslavement would have been discovered. Since you were forced 
against your will to commit the crimes, you would have been found not guilty, 
but would probably be put into psychiatric care. I hope your faith in the 
justice system is restored now. This court is now adjourned.", Judge Oishi 
stated, giving the traditional rap with his gavel.

  It was all Ryoko could do to hold herself together until they reached their 
quarters. Once safely inside, she let herself go. All the pain and sorrow that 
was bottled up inside of her since she was first told was released in a flurry 
of tears. Her tormentors were headed to prison where they would do hard time. 
Kiyone said the reputation her rapists now had was a double-edged sword. It made 
them celebrities of sorts, but it also made them targets. They would spend their 
sentences looking over their shoulders for anyone who wanted to acquire their 
own reputation. 

  After she had cried herself out, Ryoko had a quiet celebration with everyone. 
They would be leaving the next day, so the party was kept short. Washu said 
Ryoko could fly once they got home. However, schoolwork still had precedence. 
ANY slacking off and she'd be grounded again. 

  A press conference was held just before they left for home. Ryoko told the 
reporters she had gotten what she came for. Asked what her plans were, she 
replied she simply wanted to raise her adopted daughter in peace. Someone lobbed 
the question was she going to marry Prince Tenchi. After regaining their 
composure, both Ayeka and Ryoko stated Tenchi was the one to make that decision. 
No matter who he chose, they would remain friends. 

  They arrived home early in the morning after an uneventful trip. Even though 
there wasn't any classes, Tenchi wasn't home. Before anyone could ask where he 
was, Misaki said he had gone to the shrine to meditate. The conference had 
convinced him the time had come to decide who he would marry. He would return 
later that evening and make his announcement after supper.

  Ryoko and Ayeka had mixed feelings. They knew that once he decided, things 
would be forever changed. Both of them had hoped for and dreaded this day. Now 
the day had arrived. 

  Neither of them were allowed to dwell on this. Washu hustled Ryoko off to 
school while Misaki buried Ayeka with paperwork. It wasn't until late afternoon 
that they could talk about what would happen now. They were all relaxing in the 
onsen, discussing Tenchi's upcoming decision and how it would affect them. 
Misaki asked her daughter what she would do if Tenchi chose Ryoko.
 
  "I really don't know Mommy. One thing I've learned living on Earth is what 
love really is. Whoever I marry, that person will love and accept me for WHO I 
am, not because of my title. I won't be trapped in a loveless marriage simply 
because it benefits Jurai.", Ayeka replied.

  When asked the same question Ryoko didn't say anything for a long while. 
Finally, she gathered her thoughts enough to answer.

  "If Tenchi had married Ayeka during those first years, I would've had to be 
committed at the very least. Tenchi was my very life and soul then. Loving him 
was what kept me from losing my mind while I tried to learn how to live as a 
normal person."

  "After I stopped fighting with Ayeka, I'd have gone on a bender that would 
surpass any other but I would eventually accept their marriage. I never really 
objected to Ayeka loving Tenchi. It would hurt, but if Tenchi was happy that's 
all that would matter."

  "Now I have my little girl to keep me going. If Tenchi marries Ayeka, I'll 
attend the wedding even if it is on Jurai. However, I decided long before Mayuka 
came into my life that this place is my home. Mayuka will be raised here on 
Earth. I don't know if I could ever fall in love with someone else, but anything 
is possible.", she said quietly.

  Mihoshi asked, "There's something I don't understand. Why hasn't Ayeka pushed 
for Tenchi to marry both of you? Surely he must know that as Crown Prince he is 
allowed to do this."

  "Because I forbade her from making any suggestion to Tenchi. Here in Japan, 
and indeed the majority of Earth, polygamy isn't practiced. He would have to go 
against everything he's been taught to believe in. Also, how would he explain it 
to the rest of his family? His great-aunt only recently found out the whole 
truth. The rest of his family doesn't know and they would find it very hard to 
accept. And what if we both have children by him? If he decides to marry us 
both, it must be his decision and his alone.", Ryoko replied.

  Just before supper, Tenchi came back home. Everyone was quiet as they ate, 
knowing that he would soon announce his decision. After supper, he waited for 
them to settle down in the living room. Ryoko and Ayeka sat together, tension 
clearly evident in both of them. Tenchi reached into his pocket and pulled out 
an engagement ring.

  "Ayeka, will you consent to be my wife?", he said while putting the ring on 
her finger.

  Ayeka could barely say yes. Ryoko's vision blurred as tears filled her eyes. 
She had known that this might happen. It still hurt deeply, but she reminded 
herself she had Mayuka. Tenchi had sworn never to allow them to be separated. 
Tenchi then said something else but it didn't register until she felt a ring 
being put on her finger as well.

  "Ryoko, will you consent to be my second wife?", Tenchi repeated.

  "YESS!!", she cried, tears of joy now falling.

  Both of them were in shock. Tenchi had made the one decision neither expected 
but both Ryoko and Ayeka had secretly hoped for. Before they could ask any 
questions, Tenchi spoke again.

  "Ayeka, Ryoko, I realized sometime ago that I need you both in my life. I may 
not like it, but I have a duty that was given to me when I was accepted by 
Tenchiken. However, I can't be Crown Prince alone. I need you Ayeka to keep me 
from making too many mistakes. And I need you Ryoko to make sure I never forget 
who I am. It wasn't easy for me to ask both of you. Still, we can make it 
work.", he said as he sat between them.

  "Just one thing, what's this SECOND WIFE deal!!?? What makes me any less than 
Ayeka?", Ryoko asked with a certain glint in her eye.

  "I didn't mean it to come out that way. I love both you equally. It's just the 
Council would never accept you by yourself or as First Wife. I had a long talk 
with them and the only way they would support me was with Ayeka as First Wife. 
Her first child will next in line after me. To make sure they would support me 
marrying you, I suggested that Sasami and her children be put before you and 
your children.", Tenchi managed to stammer.

  Ryoko nodded at Tenchi's explanation. She had already guessed the reason. 
Actually, had Tenchi asked just her or as First Wife, she would have made a 
similar suggestion. Statecraft and rulership was Ayeka's area, not hers. Ryoko 
wanted to just be able to live her life in peace and quiet. She was simply 
laying down some ground rules, namely she would NEVER BE SUBSERVIENT to Tenchi 
or Ayeka. 

  Ryoko and Ayeka then rested their heads on Tenchi's shoulders. For the two of 
them it was a dream come true. There would be problems ahead to be sure, but one 
way or another, they'd pull through like the family they were. 


   Whew!! Talk about the chapter that kept on growing. This chapter took forever 
to write because I had so much to cover. I've got a lot notes for you take down, 
so get out your pencils and paper.

  Zero's remaining a separate personality inside Ryoko is clearly implied in 
Episode 13, Part 2. Both Mihoshi and Washu talk about Zero as an person in her 
own right. In Episode 11, there is clear evidence Zero is reaching self 
awareness when she tells Clay that she is afraid after meeting Tokimi.

  I freely admit that I got the original idea for Ryoko's limited reading skills 
from Diane Long's "Little Ryoko", which is on both fanfiction.net as well as the 
archive. The main difference between her story and mine is she has Ryoko being 
abducted as a teenager, while I had Ryoko abducted as a child. Episode 13 show 
Ryoko can read but only with great difficulty. When Misaki has her by the mouth, 
she still manages to talk in a normal voice. (Quite a trick if you think about 
it). However, when she reads Sasami's sign, you can clearly hear the spacing 
between each word, even in the original dialogue. 

   For those who don't understand what the hiragana and katakana alphabets are, 
I will explain. Japanese uses three different ways of writing, the hiragana and 
katakana alphabets, and the picture forms known as kanji. Kanji are a 
pictographic way of expressing ideas that came from China. By the time they 
graduate high school, Japanese children are required to know 2,000 kanji that 
were deemed essential by the Ministry of Education. A good example of kanji is 
the symbols on the doors of Ryoko's onsen. They say "Ladies" and "Tenchi". You 
should be able to guess which is which since Tenchi's kanji is also on his 
jacket.

  The hiragana and katakana are phoenetic alphabets that mean the same thing. 
Japanese letters express sounds and a word is pronounced exactly as it written. 
Each letter is pronounced the same in both alphabets, the main difference 
between being usage. Hiragana letters are used exclusively for native Japanese 
words. Katakana letter are used for transcription of foreign or imported words.

  For a better understanding of the importance of having a large vocabulary, 
read "1984" by George Orwell. This is the story in which Big Brother was 
introduced. One of the ways control is increased over the populace is the 
wholesale elimination of words from the language. Without words to describe a 
concept, in time people would become mindless followers, unable to think for 
themselves. Controlling the flow of information is the way most tyrants and 
despots stay in power. If people can't learn for themselves, then they have no 
way of knowing if what they know is the truth.

  The story of how Mihoshi got her driver's license is in Vol 2. of the "No need 
for Tenchi" manga. This chapter will the last dark chapter. All further chapters 
will be much lighter in tone.

  In Chapter 7, Tench marries Ryoko and Ayeka. However there's a slight problem. 
Ayeka is born and bred a Princess and she wants a wedding worthy of royalty. 
Ryoko finds those wedding torture that ranks just below the cave. She wants a 
simple Shinto ceremony. Guess who's caught in the crossfire? ( heheheh ). Also, 
now that she has achieved her dream of marrying Tenchi, Ryoko finds herself 
asking what direction her life will take.
     

   
  

  


 

  

  

    
   

  

        
  
   
  
     

  
  

   
      
 
