DISCLAIMER ; Tenchi Muyo and its characters are copyright of AIC and 
Pioneer.They aren't mine.

By Ronnie L. Hill Jr.  at    raventinker@lexcominc.net


               TENCHI MUYO : OVER THE EDGE


                    PART 1 : A FAMILY AFFAIR


    Four years the girls had been in the Masaki household.And for four 
years Tenchi had been ducking and dodgeing Ryoko's advances,and Aeka's 
seemingly innocent flirtation.For four years the house had been crowded 
with beautiful females,and most if not all wanting to bed Tenchi at one 
point or another.He had survived the constant fights.Endured Washu's 
insistant probeing.And watched as his entire world was transformed into 
a madd house.BUT.He wouldn't change a thing.
   The girls that had arrived four years ago were part of his family 
now.He wouldn't know what to do without them,and knew that he would be 
heart broken if they left.Each of them was specail to him in their on 
way or another.But the one who held his heart so firmly that it ached at 
times wasn't one of the ones who had arrived in 1996.No that place was 
held by his beautiful daughter.
   She may have been born by dark circumstances,but in the past two 
years,she became everything to him.He had enjoyed haveing her as a baby 
after Washu regenerated after being kill by her mother,the demon 
Yuzuha.But on New Years of 1999,he desided to have her returned to the 
age she had been when she first came to the house.It was only right.If 
he and the others raised her,the young lady he cared so much for would 
have disappeared.
   Watching his siteen year old daughter running in the yard with Ryo-
ohki,he knew that he had made the right chose then.He had to smile at 
the thought that no one here on Earth outside of the house knew she was 
his daughter.He had registered her in school as his cousin.He wisked 
that he could have told the truth,but who would beleive that a twenty-
one year old man could have a sixteen year old daughter.
   Sasami ran out the door with her long electric blue pigtails waveing 
as she ran.She had grown so much in the four years she had been here.She 
was as nearly as tal as her sister Now at twelve she was just begining 
to fillout,but was looking more and more like Tsunami each day.She was 
going to break a few hearts when she was older.But she was still the 
same sweet little girl he had fell in love with in the begining.
   He sat down on the porch and watched as the cheerful trio played in 
the summer sun.There was no where he would rather be than right here at 
this moment.The sound of a soft voice from his side brought him back to 
his senses,as Washu sat down saying,"It's something to watch a part of 
you grow up isn't it.She is a specail young lady Tenchi.She always has 
been and always will be.
I'm jsut happy to be able to watch as she blossoms."
   Tenchi smiled at her gently.Washu hadn't gotten to watch either of 
her children growup.Her son had been taken from her as a baby by her 
exhusband.Ryoko grew up while Washu was imprisioned by Kagato.It wasn't 
right,and he felt bad for her.Out of instinct he pulled the little red 
head to him and hugged her,and she snuggled to his shoulder and 
sighed.Hearing her snffle,he squeazed her to him and she begain to 
tremble as he felt his shoulder growing wet.He held her while she 
sobbed,wishing for the millionth time he could say or do something to 
make things right for her.This was a heart ache from well over twenty 
thousand years in the past,but for her great mind,it was as fresh as if 
it had happened yesterday.
  Both of them jerked around at the sound of a stifled squeak,to find 
Aeka standing slack jawed as she stared at them.But as soon as she saw 
the fresh tears in Washu's eyes she droped to her kness to take hold of 
Washu saying,"Ohh my Washu what is wrong?"Then her eyes went wild as she 
added angerly,"Who hurt you?I'll deal with them."Washu leaned her head 
back laughing as she wiped away her tears and said,"Thanks Aeka,but 
Tenchi killed one of them already and the other is dead now from old 
age.Nice of you to offer though."
  Washu kissed Tenchi on the cheek before going into the house.Aeka 
watched in confusion as she left.There was no way for Aeka to 
understand.He could tell her all day long,but looseing a child was one 
pain you had to experience to understand.For the short time while Mayuka 
was dead,he had felt as if he were dead.He was empty,lost.The image of 
her dieing was burnt into his mind forever,and he would never alow that 
to happen again,even at the cost of his own life.
   Sasami and Mayuka came running back to the house and he grabed Mayuka 
by the hand and pulled her into his lap and hugged her tightly.She 
giggled saying,"Dadddy you scared me."KIssing her on the cheek he 
said,"Have I told you today how much I love you."She hugged him back and 
said,"Only about a hundred times.I love you to daddy."Then like a 
rocket,she launched from his arms and into the house.All he could do was 
shack his head and grin.She was really getting to be something.
  Takeing Aeka by the hand he said,"Care to go for a walk."Wide eyed and 
red faced,Aeka said,
"Why lord Tenchi,I would like that alot.But what is this all about?Why 
was Washu crying?"He shook his head as he stood up pulling her up aswell 
and said,"Just some painful memories from the past.She never talks about 
it with anyone but me and grandpa.I'm sorry but I can't say more."She 
took on a distant look for a moment then looked back at him with a small 
smile and said,"I see.I wouldn't want you talking to others about what I 
said to you in private."Then wrapped her arms  arond his left arm and 
said with a big smile,"So where shall we wall to?"Then they started to 
take the long walk around the lake.
   ---------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------
  The sound of his own heels clacking on the marble covered floors in 
the hallway just seemed to add to Azusa's irratation.He snapped at 
everyone when he spoke even his wives.He disliked doing so,but the two 
of them where a portion of his problem at the moment.His younger brother 
Hikota was pressering him to name him Crown Prince,and there was no 
convinceing his wives into asking Yosho and that blasted grand son of 
his to return to Jurai.Both said that there was plenty of time for them 
to come on their own,but in truth there wasn't.
    Hikota was gaining supports from the more elite nobles at an ever 
increaseing rate.There hadn't been a rebelion in six generations of his 
blood line that had came to more than a mear upriseing before being put 
down,but Hikota was quickly gaining enough power to make a damned good 
go of it,if not succed.Neither of his wives were foolish by any 
means,but they chose to ignore the visible threat the his younger 
brother represented.
   The other thing that had him in such a foul mood,was rummors that 
Kagato had returned.Again his wives refused to take this as a threat,but 
if anyone could have survived Tenchi Masakis fatal strike,it would be 
Kagato.His death had been reported countless times in the past only for 
him to pop out of no where and cause more damage than he had ever done 
before.It pained Azusa to think of the damage that would come about if 
Kagato would return.It was doughtful that he could be found and stoped 
before many innocent lives were lost.
   As he entered the trone room,he caught sit of his brother and that 
damned smug look of his.His wives waited for him by his throne.They both 
greeted him with their custumary bows,then anounced that court was in 
order.After they took their seats on either side of him,they sat through 
sevral hours of petitions.Mostly dealing with some law that someone 
thought to restrictive,or those that they thought need to carry a 
stiffer punishment.
   When it was all over he felt exhausted.He really needed a break,but 
their was no real way to take a vacation at the moment.If he relaxed 
even a fraction Hikota and hsi flunkies would seize his throne.What he 
needed was for either Yosho or Tenchi either one to come before the 
court and make thier intent to assend the throne when the time came 
known to all.As he and hsi waives left the throne room, his brother 
followed them into the hall way and said,"Come on Azusa.Be 
reasonable.None of your children or grand children want the throne.I 
have the power to hold it as it is,and with your suport,no one would 
question my claim."
   Azusa lost his temper and turned on the man with venom in his voice 
saying,"You will seize my throne over my cold dead body Hikota."He had 
expected the man to back away but he smiled instead and laughed before 
saying,"Be careful what you wish for dear brother.You are not a popular 
fellow these days.You could wake up with a dagger in your breast,and 
your dear wives throats slashed."Rage filled him and he lurched at 
Hikota,but Misaki caught him with ease and held him firm.In mock 
shock,hikota said,"Ohh my,I didn't mean for that to sound like a treat.I 
could never harm someone of my own family."Then gave a slight bow and 
walked away whistleing.
   Funaho stared after the man with a raised eyebrow then said,"You may 
have been right.Hikota is growing more bold daily."Misaki released him 
saying,"It is almost as if he has made an allie he beleives we can not 
deal with."Azusa had a horrorable thought and said,"What if the stories 
of Kagato being alive are true,and Hikota has made a deal with 
him.Kagato would agree to anything just to get his hands on Tsunami."
   Funahio and Misaki staered at one another a monet with unreadable 
faces,then Funaho said,
"Then we go to earth and get our wayward family members."Misaki chuckled 
and said,"Make sure we take a ship with plenty of room.Where Tenchi gose 
they all do."Azusa groaned at the thought of haveing all of them here at 
the palace at once,but atleast he could rest abit easier with them 
here.They had beatn Kagato before.They could do so again.After some 
preperation,his wives left for Earth.Azusa prayed that they came back 
quickly.
   ---------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------
   In the depths of an abandoned space station,cold gold eyes stared at 
a huge withered tree in a dark room.Those eyes turned to their 
reflection in the thick glass long enough to brush a stray lock of 
silver hair from his cheek,then turned back to the tree.He had learned a 
great deal from the huge black thing and its tiny senbiant.Both were 
weak and baddly scarred,but they were healing slowly.
   He had found the tree after picking up a powerful burst of energy in 
under space two years ago.  
When he found them both were near death.He had constructed this 
contanment roomfor another tree of simaler size,so with a few 
modifcations he easly brought it here.Hearing the tiny sembiant 
aproaching, he turned to face her as she said,"That monster of yours is 
ready,but I still say you should use mine.He'll attract far less 
notice."
   He begain walking toward the lab so that the tiny twisted silver 
furred demon could keep up and said,"They are both spawned from the 
combination of Tenchi Masaki's mother's DNA and the dead alein I 
found.But Mine has the added power of the most powerful class A1 
criminal ever,Kain."She looked up at him wrinkleing the long scar 
between her eyes and said,"Kagato, That thing is un controlable.You 
might get your hands on the Tree of Light,but that thing has an 
ingrained hatered of any thing to do with Jurai power."
   He entered the lab and eyed the cells holding the two so called 
monsters.His was large,nearly ten feet tall,nothing but a black 
rippleing mass of muscles and power.The other,the one created by 
Yuzuha,sat stareing back at him with a twisted smile.Those jet black 
eyes never wavered,he was a shinning finely honned sword,read to be 
used.But He would never obay Kagato himself.
    When the black hair warrior had woken up two weeks ago,he immediatly 
tryed to kill Kagato,
and would have if Yuzuha hadn't called him off.Every since then,he had 
been kept under lock and key.Kagato had come to far to be killed by 
something he helped create now.His creation however had no emotions what 
so ever.It existed for one reason,to kill anything that posessed Jurai 
energy.
   Kagato looked back to the other cell and jumped back when he saw that 
the tall broad shouldered man was there at the energy barrier stareing 
at him.he smiled showing his pointed kainine teeth as he ran a finger 
over the crakling field of energy.Kagato made a mental note to increase 
the power to the barrier.The Warrior was getting used to the pain it 
caused.
   Yuzuha stepted closer to the cells and motioned for the Warrior to 
back away,and the other leapt at its barrier roaring with rage and 
pain.The warrior growled and the other settled down.
That wasn't good news for Kagato.He had counted on pitting one aginst 
the other if things went wrong.But now that the Warrior had obviously 
taken the roll of alfa,that plan was gone for good.
There was nothing to be done for it.His plan was already in motion.He 
would just have to adapt.
   The computer anoanced that there was an in comeing transmition,so he 
left yuzuha to deal with the two monsters.When he reached his office he 
punched a few keys on his holo top and sat down to read the decoded 
report from his newest flunky.A twisted smile came to his face as he 
read the report.It seemed that that Fool Hihota had done his opratives 
work for him.The Queens were on their way to Earth to get Tenchi Masaki 
and the rest of his bungling companions.Soon he would show everyone the 
truth.Tenchi Masaki was nothing compared to him.The thought made him 
smile even more until he broke out into a fit of manical laughter.
          ----       ----      -----      -----    ----     ----     ---
-      ----    ----   ---  -- - - - - -
  In his cell,the Warrior eyed the energy feild like he might a peice of 
molded meat.He hated to act like he feared it,but he could sence 
Yuzuha's tree close by.By everything he had seen,they were in space.That 
ment Kagato could dump the tree with ease,and in its weakened state it 
would die in the vacum of space and Yuzuha with it.He couldn't alow 
that.She Might be a demon,but she was also a little girl who only needed 
someone to love her.And if she would just listen to him
he would be glad to give it to her.
   The deck lurched,nearly sending him to the floor before he took to 
the air,floating in place. Whatever this thing was,ship or station,it 
was moveing.Whatever Kagato was upto,he was getting ready to let the 
universe in on it the hard way.
   ---------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
     The day had turned out quite well.She had taken a long romantic 
walk with Tenchi and Ryoko hadn't enterfered in the least.Of course that 
was only be cause she hadn't known.Aeka was staisfied with the way 
things had gone.She felt a little closer to finaly haveing Tenchi to 
herself. Covering her mouth,she sat on the sofa and chuckled.Not even 
Ryoko could ruin her good mood now.
   Washu walked out her lab grining,and said,"I have news for you 
Aeka."Aeka smiled at her and said,"Good.well then Little Washu,what news 
do you have.I bet mine is better."Washu put her hand behind her head and 
laughed like a fool befor saying,"You would win that bet.You remeber 
that subspace condoite your mothers had me to open for them."Aeka felt 
her smille and mood both slip as she said ,"Yes.Why?"Washu went blank 
faced as she said,"Well they are on their way here.They want Yosho or 
Tenchi come to Jurai and anounce their intentions for the throne."
     Sqeazeing her eyes tightly shut,Aeka said,"No not now.Not when 
things are going so well for me and Tenchi.When will they get 
here."Washu grimiced and said,"Yeah well,you see,that is the other thing 
I wanted to tell you.I was sort of preoccupied when they called,so I 
forgot about them comeing until a moment ago."Aeka growled with 
frustration and said,"Come out with it Washu, when do they get here?"
   At the sudden sound of roaring engines,Washu pointed up and 
said,"Right Now I would say."
After a sarcastis titter,Aeka said,"Ohh my,so it would seem.Nothing to 
do for it now but brace our selves for the worst."Washu eyed her 
questionably so she said,"Ohh come now Washu you know as well as anyone 
what my mother is like.We are about to be crushed in her embrace or 
slung through a wall."Washu went wide eyed then grined 
saying,'Uhh,well.Tell them I said hello.
I have some things to get back to.He he he,bye now."And ran back into 
her lab.
   Aeka walked out side to meet her mothers,and things went much the way 
she had thought they would.But in only moments they had her to gather 
everyone in the liveing room,and filled them in on all that was going 
on,and what could be.Tenchi and Katsuhito both agreed to go back to 
Jurai with them,then everyone said they were going aswell.Kiyone and 
Mihoshi were given new orders(Aranged by Funaho)to acompany them as 
added security.So in a matter of hours,the Jurain tree ship followed by 
Ryo-ohki and Kiyone and Mihoshi in the Yagami,streaked for Jurai.
Not long after their arrival,they got a greeting they hadn't counted on.
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------
   Ryoko and Tenchi hammer at a huge glossy black man with everything 
they had,but it seemed to do little good.He had distroyed well over half 
the tree ships around the planet already.The head of the Emporers brothe 
hung on a pole at the center of the Royal courtyard.the Emporer himself 
had taken shelter aboard the Yagami and was attempting to guide the 
battle with the small star fighters from there.Jurai was Kagatos now.And 
Yuzuha felt her time growing short.
   Kagato had the key to what he wanted now.He would soon deside she was 
just dead weight and get rid of her.That was what had her limping 
through the damaged space station.She was going to release the 
Warrior.He could protect her and her tree.As she turned the corner 
before the lab,two stronge arms seized her up,and held her firmly in 
place as she vainly kicked and flailed her arms. Through her screaming 
she heard a gentle voice shushing her,saying she was safe now.That he 
needed her to calm down.
    She looked up into a strange mans face,and was surprised when she 
realized it was the Warrior.His black hair and eyes were gone,now 
replaced by long wavey silver hair and steal blue eyes.His skin was pale 
with slight glow to it like mother of pearl.He laughed and squeezed her 
to his chest as she was filled with a gentle warmth.She could feel 
him.She knew his thoughts.They were one being in two bodies.She felt the 
link with her tree fade away to nothing while her link with the Warrior 
grew stronger.
  He sat her on her feet and knealed in frount of her witha smile as she 
looked at herself.All the painfull scars,the twisted limbs,they were all 
gone.She felt powerful,alive.She felt his love for her.It filled her to 
the point that she thought she would pop.Tears stung her cheeks as she 
jumped into his arms and saked how he had done it.He held her in place 
with one hand and used the other to blow a hole through the entire 
station to the outside as a globe of light surrounded them and they 
floated out the hole.
   His history  flashed through her head at blinding speed,and she 
understood all of it.She saw a tiny light comeing out of the station as 
it empolded.It straeked straight at them and came to rest in her 
hands.It was a pair of seeds from her tree.She smiled at them and hugged 
his neck as she laughed.She knew who he was without a dought.And she 
also knew that Kagato would never het what he wanted with her father 
here.Ronin would never let one of his daughters become a slave to a mad 
man like Kagato.
   As they flew toward the planet,she felt the beast roar in her head.It 
knew what and who he was.
They saw it breaking off from its fight with Tenchi and Ryoko,and 
speeding toward the palace. Ronin growled at the retreating beast and 
screamed,"NO DAMN YOU NO!!!"Things went so fast after that that she 
could barrly keep up.One moment Kagato was leaping out a window as the 
beast streaked toward him,then there was only Kagato.Glowing like a 
small star.
   Ronin landed by Tenchi and Ryoko and set her down saying,"You stay 
with them sweety.They will look after want you Tenchi."They both blinked 
at them for a moment and finaly Tenchi nooded.Ronin kissed her cheek 
then flew toward Kagato.Ryoko stood stareing at her as Tenchi 
said,"Yuzuha.I thought that you were dead."She half paid attention to 
him as she told him of the way things went after their last meeting.Her 
father held her attention.She felt nothing from him but grim 
determination,and nothing at all from the beast any more.Kagato had 
merged with it.
   A roar louder than thunder acompanied the battle that begain between 
the two Gods.That was exactly what they were.Gods.The two of them were 
invisible to the naked eye most of the time. They could only be seen 
when they stoped long enough to size one another up.Seconds later kagato 
lit up with black light and Ronin with silver.The two of them straeked 
into space,and realy powered on the power.Ronin would advance and 
retreat,always leading Kagato away from the planet.When the twin 
blinding globes faded into a single twinkling star,she heard Ronins 
voice in her head saying that he loved her,then went sielnt.
    She stared at the sky searching in her mind calling out to him,but 
he didn't answer.She screamed his name at the sky as she felt the tears 
flowinbg again,over and over again she screamed.Finaly she droped to her 
knees sobbing,saying,"No.It's not fare.I just found him." She cryed even 
harder as Tenchi lifted her up,and rubbed her back gently saying 
,"Shhh,Everything will be Okay.You said he was a God,Right.Well from 
what I've seen Gods don't die that easy."
She wanted so much to beleive that but there was nothing in her head to 
say he lived.
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------
  After the strang warrior took Kagato into space to fight then 
disapeared,everyone went to the palace.Tenchi and the others desided to 
stay for a few daysto help clean up the mess left behind.
And to many lives had been lost needlessly dureing the attack.That fact 
bothered Funaho worse than the rest.She was the head of inteligence.She 
should have known that the old space station had been reactivated.But 
she hadn't seen a single report on it.She had an idea why aswell.Her 
cheif secretary was missing.And he was the one who looked over the 
reports before she got them.
  She watched as Tenchi sat in an overstuff chair holding the little 
demon girl.The poor thing hadn't slept in days,and her little ruby eyes 
were swollen from crying.She never wanted to leave his side,which was 
oddd when you considered that only a couple of year past,the two had 
tried to kill each other.But she seemed to have bonded with him.Funaho 
and Misaki had both tryed to take a turn with her but she wouldn't 
have.She said that her daddy had said Tenchi would take care of her.And 
there was no argueing with her  about it.
   There was a series of loud shoots from the hallway before the doors 
flew open and Aeka,Ryoko 
and washu came in with Misaki following with a tall black hair young man 
in her arms.Yuzuha turned in Tenchi;s lap and said,"It's him.I barrly 
feel him but it's him.And he is alive like you said Tenchi."And kissed 
his cheek before leaping from his lap and running to the sofa where 
Misaki had laid him.Washu grinned saying,"He was a mess when we found 
him,but he has graet genes. He'll be fine after some rest."
   Yuzuha climbed upon the sofa to lay her head on his chest,and within 
moments was asleep.The past few days had taken its toll on her little 
body.Funaho found a quilt and layed it over them before asking,"Did you 
find any sign of Kagato?"Misaki frowned as she shook her jead,and Aeka 
said,"Not even a trace."Ryoko smacked her fist in her left hand 
saying,"He is still out there.If this guy could survive in space this 
long,so could Kagato."Washu humphed then said,"Your right Ryoko.At best 
all we can hope for is that he is as weak from the fight as our freind 
here.Ohh and by the way.Little miss Yuzuha failed to mention one 
important fact about the big guy here.He has the same DNA as Tenchi.Lady 
Achika was his mother.Or someone reached back into the past and took a 
sample."
   "What?!!!"shooted Tenchi as his eyes nearly poped out.Washu nooded 
saying,"That's right Tenchi.Super Man here is your brother."Mayuka sat 
up from her drawing pad and said,"But that would make him my Uncle as 
well as my Grandpa."Ryoko snorted before saying,"Nope kid.That just 
makes you Jurain."which won her some hard stares,from everyone but 
Sasami who giggled and said,"Well that dose sound like a typical Jurain 
family."
   ---------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------
   Deep in space a giant half formed black tree ship limped along.Its 
perpulsion systems weak,its gunns still powerless and its spirit 
helpless to do any physical act now that he was joined with the huge 
black tree at its center.Kagato finaly got his tree ship.A negitive 
decrepid version of the one he had wanted,but he had it.It was the final 
parting shot from Ronin.Yes Kagato had gotten what he asked for and he 
could kick himself for it if his legs were only real.As the ship floated 
out of sight,Kagato screamed in rage and dismay.

                             END ?!!!

------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------
  
   Here ends Part one of Over the Edge.I hope you liked it.I'll be 
submitting the next part soon.
Ohh yeah.before you go thinking I've changed Yuzuha,wait until the next 
story.In this one she was recovering from a near death experience,then 
later getting what she has sought all her life.
Someone to love her.Next time all bets are off as Yuzuha takes off the 
kids gloves and shows how nasty she can get.Aswell as alot more on the 
strang relationship Tenchi is developeing with Washu.






