Jaiq:  All right,  the legal junk.  Though I think I created Mia A.O.
Featherstone, and Doc Hathcock.  I have no claim to any of the other
characters in this fic.  They belong to Pioneer something or other and are
barrowed with out their permission.

Luna:  Meaning he stole them.

Jaiq:  NO I DID NOT STEEL THEM I'M JUST BARROWING THEM!

Squal:  Whatever Clepto-boy,  at this point we sould point out that you can
blast this loser at goose20693@aol.com.

Luna:  We got a bit of a problem.  We can't find Mayuka.

Squal:  Did you check the cell with the other stolen characters?

Jaiq:  I DIDN'T STEEL THEM!

Luna:  Of course I did,  She's gone!

Jaiq:  Well,  it's not like she was important.  As I was saying, I don't own
the Characters.  Also I don't own the songs.  They belong to the artists and
thier respective owners.  By the way:  for the purposes of this Fic country
music includes any thing I like.  So, with no further delays, I give you...

TENCHI'S COUNTRY GRAMMAR (PART 2)  "SO VERY FAMILIAR"

theatrical trailor:  Kiyone is attacked by a strange man in the forest.  But
he is not what he seems to be.  What does this mysterious assailant want?

  Tenchi was extreamly nervous (so what else is new), "We just met, should
we
realy be dothis already"?

  "Relax," Mia said, "You'll live longer".

  "I can't believe I let you talk me into this,"  said Aayeka, "I feel so
silly"!

  Ryoko was getting impatient, "Can't we just start without them"?

  "No"!

  Just then, Mihoshi and Kiyone came up, realizing they were holding up the
party.  Mia took a quick head count.  She had decided that it was best for
her  to pick the teams.  Mihoshi,  Aayeka, and Ryoko (if they were on
different teams they would just use it as an excuse to kill each other) on
one team.  Tenchi, Kiyone, and herself on the other.  Aayeka's guardians
(she
figured) made handy goaltenders, and Washu officiated.  Satisfied that
everyone was there, Mia said, "Ah-ight!  Head down,  ass up!  Washu would
you
drop the puck"!

  Shortly after the drop,  Aayeka and Ryoko were both called for holding
(Tenchi).  Kiyone Was taking the penalty shot when the puck went flying off
into the forrest.  Mia walked up behind her, "You hit it, you get it".

  Kiyone had been in the woods for nearlyten minutes.  This was more
difficult than finding a flame orange plastic disk should be.  She was
trying
t retrace it's path when she heard a noise.  She was coming around a tree to
investigate when POW, the lights went out.

\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/

\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/

  Washu was busy drawing what she could from the data she had collected so
far.  Mia and Mihoshi weremilling about the lab, not making thing easy on
her.  But at least Mia kept Mihoshi from touching thngs.

  She was certain of what it all meant, Washu just wanted it all in one
place.  "Mia, come look at thisdata".

  "What is it, Miss Washu"?  Washu hated that but there was nothing she
could
do about the shape-shifting annoyance.  "Well, check it out.", Washu
presented her computer screen.  He had zero brain wave activity, blood
presure was seventy-five over seventy-five (dead even), and his blood type
was, well, blue.  She hadn't done any tests on it yet.

  Mihoshi and Mia read the information provided, then gave thier attention
back to Washu.  "So", Mihoshi asked, "what does it mean"?

  "Itmeans", Mia Sighed, "that this guy isn't human.  The question is 'Who
would send a hit man for a Galaxy Police woman?".  It was clear to pretty
much anyone, except maybe Mihoshi, what she meant.

  "Do you think there are more out there?", Washu gestured the out side.
"Well, there are two kinds of people who would attack a royal alone.", Mia
said, "The mentaly inept, and well, me".

Aayeka was standing in the door to the laboratory when she heard this.  She
couldn't realy believe it.  She was on the verge of freaking out.

  Washu had to bring her back to her senses.  "How's Kiyone doing princess?"
Washu asked.  Aayeka regained herself and said, "She is still unconcious,
and
her head won't stop bleeding".  She couldn't take her eyesoff the suspected
assassin on the examining table.

  Washu got a medical kit from the shelf, "I'd better take a look at her".
Mihoshi shot through the door, knocking Aayeka down. "I may need your help
with her.", Washu told Mia, who looked back to the man on the metal
examining
table.  As an answer, she pushed a button on the bottom of the table.  A set
of metal restraints (like in old horror flicks) secured him to the table.
Mia reluctantly followed her out.

<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><

  Doc heard them leaving, then opened his eyes.  When he tried to get up he
found himself unable to move, so he tried again.  "Increase adrenalin", he
told himself a few time untill one by one the catches on the restraint gave
out.

  Now that he was free, he had to wait for the adrenalin to ware off so he
could stop shaking.  Mia had left her cigarettes on the table next to his
head.  She'd probalby kill him next time she saw him, so he wasn't realy
worried about taking one (the nicotine helped counteract the adrenalin).

  Five minutes later he had finaly stopped sahaking, he pu the butt in the
beer can on the othe side of the table.  Thank god he didn't have to taste
it.  A beer would've been nice but he was their enemy (he would've settled
for a bottle of water). It was time to learn more about his captors.

  Doc could tell by the smell of the place that he wasn't being held in a
prison area.  It looked more like the laboratory he'd been in not three
years
ago, there was just more stuff here.

  He thought he saw a computer earlier, "Where is that computer?", he asked
in Washu's voice.  When he turned to look around he was surprized to find
some kind of phantom laptop in mid air in front of him.  Doc looked at it
for
a few minutes, but couldn't figure out the language it was set up for.
"Dude!", he said (still in washu's voice), "Now if it were only in
Japanese".
 So said, the computer obeyed.  "Odd", he thought' "why didn't it it check
the speach patterns"?

  Doc Began searching for personal files on the people he'd seen;  know thy
self, know thy enemy.  The computer brought up a list of files with peoples
faces next to them.  He then studied the one's he recognized.

  He then decided he'd been shot enough for one dayso he typed, "Locate
personal firearms", a flood of different weapons filled the screen.  He
opted
for the one that looked like the one he'd been shot with earlier.  a hole
opened in the air next to the computer screen, inside was a standard issue
G.P. blaster pistol.  Satisfied he typed, "Exit", the screen and keyboard
vanished.

  "Now", he said (in his own voice), "to find the real exit".  He saw a set
of stairs and tried going up.  He found himself in a new area, it still
looked like a laboratory, but with less of a hospital feel.  Doc searched
this new place for the way out when he saw some thing more interesting,
Mia's
dimentional gateway unit, Penny.

  He took his link cable from the cargo pocket of his cammo pants, inserted
it in the hole in base of his skull (I'll get to it!), and plugged the other
end into the palm computer.  A message came up on the device requesting a
password. The letters appeared on the screen as he thought them out,
"S-E-R-R-A".  Password accepted.

_)+_)+_)+_)+_)+_)+_)+_)+_)+_)+_)+_)+_)+_)+_)+_)+_)+_)+_)+_)+_)+_)+_)+_)+_)+_)

  Almost an hour later, Doc was still down loading information from Penny,
when the door opened and people started coming in.  Washu, Mia, Mihoshi, and
the others.

  Some time the first thing that comes to mind is the last thing you should
say.  Doc watched Mia walk in waring her black boots, streach pants, halter
top, and baseball cap, with a whip hanging on the right side of her belt.
Then blurted out, "You look like a walking fetish"!

  "Why thank you!", She said, "Thats the nicest thing I've heard since I got
here".

  Mihoshishot him in the chest.  He flew back a few feetand landed hard on
the lab floor.  "Mihoshi", Mia sighed, "you already tried shooting him".

  Usualy Kiyone would have told her, but Kiyone was busy holding her aching
head.  "Oh, sorry Kiyo... I mean, Mia", That felt wierd.

  Doc stood up, blue flesh rebuilding itself.  "That's not very hospitable
of
you", Doc was watching the wound heal through the huge holes in his
undershirt.  Then he pointed his blaster at her and pulled the trigger.  A
loud metalic click, Everyone flinched, Mia got in front of Mihoshi.  But
nothing happened, the gun misfired.

Doc looked at the jambed weapon and said, "Goddamnit lady, don't you ever
clean this fucking thing!", as he dropped it and put his hands up in
surrender.

  "What are you?", Washu said looking at the now healed spot on his chest.
"What ever do you mean by that?", the sarcasm was so thick you could cut it
with a knife.

  Doc saw Kiyone back in the group.  "Dude!  Sweet!  You're awake!  How you
feelin'?", he looked kind of glad to see she was O.K.  Kiyone glared at him,
she would have shot him if it weren't so ineffective.

  "What the fuck are you!?", Washu repeted.

  "Isn't it obvious?", he said showing off the knife blades once again on
the
sides of his fists, "I'm an anidriod".

  Doc started displaying the information on his creation on Penny's screen,
then held it out for Washu, Who turned to Mia.  "Fine", she said with a hint
of annoyance in her voive, "Let the tiger do everything".

  She went up, got her computer, and started back.  "Careful,
