  Howdy! Before I Get started I would like to point out that I don't own
anything but a couple of gundam action figures.  Tenchi Muyo! and all
related
Characters belong to some realy cool people who's names I forget.  All songs
mentioned are the property of the respective artists and thier owners.  I
don't own Anything, but I am pretty sure that Mia A.O. Featherstone is an
original character, but if not please inform.

=============================================================

  She felt the gravity change as soon as she stepped through the gate way.
Heavier and heavier, it doesn't affect her.  But whenever Mia moved to lower
gravity she got that dizzy, high feeling.

  As she looked around, she saw some family picinic through some trees.  And
this was some family!  She saw a boy (young but still a cutie), a man with a
camra who could have been his father, an old holyman, and seven young
ladies.
 Looking at the girls, Mia remembered when her name was Dewon.

  Adjusting to her new weight, Mia remembered that she was a shape shifter,
her sences picked up.  This was a strong family, she thought as she grabbed
the palm computer from her pistol belt.
  "Penny, can you tell me where we are"?
  The computer clicked a time or two then said "Only that we're not home
yet", because of limited memory she lost all information localized to a
demention.

  "I'm picking up some powers here, check them against the local database
will you"?
  "You got it" Penny chirpped, then brought up a split scren.  on the left
was a video of the party in progress with red numbers on about half of the
people's heads.  On the right was a list of names.

  "Yosho of Juria, Tenchi Masaki, Aayeka of Juria, Ryoko, Mayuka." she read
the names like roll call at school, they didn't mean anything.  "How many of
these people are gate hoppers"?
  Penny was ready with the answer,"None of them".  No need to hang out here
"They can't help us", Mia said as she prepaired to open another gate.
  "Oh yes they can!" Penny chirpped, "The one with the red hair is called
'Little Washu'.  She is concidered the top scientific mind in this
demention".
  "And she could help with your data compression problem?", Mia added
thoughtfuly.  Shept her computer back on her belt and went to talk to this
'Washu' character.

  Mia liked to think that she could rationaly think things through before
she
did something dumb. But time and time again she proved that she couldn't (or
wouldn't).  Mia stopped in mid stride, her foot still in the air in front of
her.  It was only then that she bothered to think.
  "This is so stupid!" she thought,"I'm on thier property, they have no idea
where I came from, they're all human, I'm a tiger (though she had the colors
backwards)"!

  Mia was the only person in the known dementions who could scare her.  And
she was doing a good job.  She had scared herself so much that she had
formed
the Swords of Serra (Mia's weapon) without thinking.  this did not help.
the
others started bringing thier weapons out.

  Slowly, Mia's nerve returned enough to take a survey.  One by one she
recognized the people in the video.  Yosho, the old man;  Tenchi, the boy;
Aayeka,  the one with the purpple hair;  Mayuka, shout blue pig tails; and
finaly, the first attacker.

  The spike haired woman ran up and stabbed Mia with her energy sword.
Instead of going through her, the energy formed an electric swirl around
her.
Mia pulled Serra back in.  She looked from the sword she was now feeding off
of,  to the woman behind it,"Ryoko, I presume"?

  Ryoko pulled the sword from Mia's chest and slashed across her body to
similar effect.  "That's rather rude!", Mia said before she hit Ryoko with
an
energy blast that sent her flying into a tree.

  The next to try was Mayuka.  Mia assessed her as she attacked, "Young,
driven, quick, strong..." Mayuka's sword went through her just like Ryoko's,
"but doesn't pay enough attention." she noted as she felt the girl's jaw
break at the end of her boot.

As she crouched to fix Mayuka's jaw, Mia just missed an attack by Aayeka.
"She picked a bad time for that", Mia said as she reset and mended Mayuka's
mandible,"well that's done", with that, Mia threw her on the Jurian
princess.
  "She's clear Mihoshi shoot her!" Kiyone yelled as the Galaxy Police girls
opened fire on her.  She hadn't expected this.  Mia's left arm dissappeared
for a moment.  "Thirty-six shots fired", she announced, "That was uncool".
Then she flicked the bullets back at them like marbles, knocking the guns
from thier hands, then destropying them.

  "This is getting realy old, realy fast!", she announced cheerfuly, "You're
not even trying"!

  This time Katsuhito and Tenchi attacked from two sides, and for the first
time since her initial panic Mia called Serra.

  Tenchi caught a brief flashback to the first time he battled Ryoko.  How
she so easily dispatched the metal rod he tried to defend himself with.  He
would cut her swords to ribbons and let his grandfather take over.

  It was a good plan doomed to fail when Mia built the enrgy around her
blades.  His advantage was gone.

  When the swords met, Tenchi tried to force Mia back, but she was to
strong.
 She swung her other sword to repel Katsuhito, Then gave her attention back
to Tenchi "He is kinda cute".

  Tenchi saw his reflection in her eyes, "That's odd, why am I lookingat her
eyes in battle?", he noticed, "One blue, one pink, that's not right".  While
Tenchi was pondering her eyes, Mia made her move.  The kiss had only made
him
more confused.  Mia the grabbed him and the gave him a toss, Tenchi ended up
on the completely livid (and now completely burried) Princess Aayeka.

  Now Mia could give this Yosho guy her full attention, She didn't think
that
she didn't have his.  He was faster than she thought he would be.  "He
actualy cut me with that thing!", she thought.  The swords came together
with
a clang, "I think I'm in love!", Mia said before she leaned in and applied
mor lip.

  "Damn it! He's not so easily distracted", the swords met again, this time
he tried to stare her down;  she cheated.

  Tenchi winced, Noboyuki whined,  Ryoko yelled, "Ooooh, right in the junk"!
With all his skill, and all his power,  Yosho was still a guy, and he still
had junk (though not for much longer).

  Now cocky as ever, mia didn't need the Swords of Serra.  Now this was
becoming fun!  A quick glance told her that Washu was staying put,  she
could
stay and enjoy the floor show!

  Everyone was finding thier feet again.  Katsuhito pointed out that "She
can
use your energy against you, fight with your fists".  "Fine by me!", replied
Ryoko.  Mia flexed her fist, stretching her leather biker gloves.

  Ryoko was the most aggresive,  Mia had a punch ready for the middle of her
face, but the space pirate vanished before it connected.  This could mean
only one thing.  Mia launched herself skyward, narrowly avoiding Ryoko's
attack from behind.  Mia found Ryoko and turned her speed on her.  The two
women hit the ground like a comet driving Ryoko six feet down. She was
immoblized.

  When she got out of the hole, Mia knew the others Wouldn't be so easy,
they
seemed to have a plan.

  Six (seven with Ryoko) vs. one, it wouldn't be that unfair to exercise
more
advantages.  As descreetly as she could, Mia grew another pair of arms.

  Confident this was enough, she started to smile,
"Oh come and dance, with me, my bay-bee
Let's dance, 'till we, go cray-zee
the night, is young, and so-are-we
Let's make love, and-dance-the-night-away"
  "Great", Tenchi thought, "She just burried Ryoko, now she was singing!
What did she want"?

  "They're cautious", she thought, "I'll lead".  Mia charged, they held
thier
ground, they had the numbers.  In a few seconds, Aayeka and Mayuka had
siezed
her primary arms.  Tenchi went to kick her in the chest, but Mia played her
ace.  In one quick movement with her spare hands, she grabbed his foot and
gave it a twist.  Tenchi spun in the air and landed face down in the dirt.
Mia then slammed the girls together and dropped them in a pile on top of
Tenchi;  dejavue.  A round house acroos the facs of the space cops had
slowed
them down.

  These victories, however, were realively short lived as Yosho grabbed her
from behind and was going to iht her with a tree.  Backfire.  Mia easily ran
up the side and kicked off, pinballed from another tree, then slammed the
G.P.s into his back.

  Moment over.  This wasn't a holiday, she had to talk to Washu.  Ryoko was
coming to when she was walking by.  Mia took her by the collar and in a
man's
voice said, "Sit down bitch you move again I'll beat the shit outta you"!
Then pitched her back to the others.

  Mia kept walking and in her most civil voice (which happenned to have an
english accent) said, "Good morrning, Miss Washu, I was wondering if you
could help me".  Washu put her hands on her hips, "You won't get me that
easy".  "Chyle, you got me all wrong".

  Mia could hear her victims moaning behind her, "'Scuse me!", she cirpped
cheerfuly.  She'd messed them up bad,  it seemed that everyone was broken
somewhere.  She decided to fix Yosho first.  She was tracing the broken ribs
with her fingers when she saw the name on his shirt 'Katsuhito'.
  "Is that your name?"she asked, sticking her fingers into his chest.
  "Yes, why do you ask?" it was wierd to feel her hands inside him, heeling
him.
  "I'd heard it was Yosho." taking her hands out of his chest.
  "Is that why you attacked us"?
  "Babe, that wasn't an attack, that was a misunderstanding".  Mia moved on
to Mihoshi and Kiyone's fingers and toes, "If it was an attack, you would
all
be dead.  I'll fix what I broke just explain it to them." she pointed to the
other pile of people, "That was some nice shootin', any one else would be
dead"!

  "Katsuhito stood over Tenchi, "Is everyone alright over here"?
  "No!" answered Aayeka, "Everyone over here is NOT alright. What does that
horrible woman want"?
  "For right now, she just wants to heel our wounds".
  "Why did she attack us, Grandpa?", Tenchi asked.
  "She says it was a misunderstanding, she didn't come to fight".

  Mia was helping the others up and coming to attend to Tenchi. "Ahoyahoy,
we
never actualy met.  My name is Mia A.O. Featherstone, sorry about the whole
kicking and throwing thing".  Then she stuck her hands in Tenchi's leg like
it was made of pudding.  to his surprize, she didn't hurt him by doing this,
he felt better.

  "How did you do that?", truly confused.
  "Same way I did this".  When she finished she took one of her swords and
severed her own hand just below the elbow.  The hand hit the ground, she
then
picked it up, put it back where it was.  After a few seconds she didn't have
to hold it.  A few more and the cut was gone with out a trace.  Washu said,
"Astounding"!

  "Why did you attack us you mainiac!", Aayeka screamed.
  You people insist that I attacked you!", she finished Mayuka and was
looking for Aayeka's wounds, "Like I said before, If I attacked, you would
all be dead".  Then she explained what had happenned, how she freaked her
self out.  And when she finnished she knew, noone believed her.

  Fade and song:  Pam Tillis "Mi Vida Loca"

If your commin' with me you need nerves of steel
'Cause I take corners on two wheels
It's a never ending circus ride
Faint of heart need not apply
Mi vida loca, over and over
Destiy turns on a dime
I go where the wind blows
You can't tame a wild rose
Welcom to my crazy life

=============================================================

Tenchi: Play Boy
Ryoko:Nel
Aayeka:Rebbeca
Mihoshi:Rugby
Kiyone:Chuck
Mayuka:Cila Monster
Katsuhito:Dad
Mia:Me! The Butt Naked Player Hater Him Self, Jaiq(Jake) da Goose

  Well you read the whole thing.  If you liked it, Drop me a line at
Goose20693@aol.com.  If you hated it, blast me at Goose20693@aol.com.

P.S. This story was writen by a Jack-of-All-Trades/Master-of-None.  If at
any
point in the story you start to think "that ain't right"!  Please feel free
to write your own, better narative.  if not then bite me!!
