                             *Music Starts*
                        (I am lonely like the moon)

Ryoko's Sword Appears next to Tenchi's and the Gems become many, all
including these faces: Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeaka, Sasami, Mihoshi, Kiyone,
Washu, Sakuya, Yosho, Noboyuki, Achika, Yuugi, Tsunami, Haruna, Hotsuma, and
then they all crash into eachother as a Picture pops up with these people:
Tenchi with Ryoko, and Ayeaka hanging on to his arms, Tsunami sitting with
Sasami, Washu, with Ryo-oki, Mihoshi and kiyone Holding thier guns up back
to back.

Authurs Notes: Hello. For all of those who haven't read my space adventures,
I am Fame. I will finish the Space Adventures shortly. But right now I am
starting my new series : Tenchi Muyo! Tenchi Loves Me! series! Did you like
my begining? If I had a Tenchi show, that would be my intro.

Disclaimer: I do not own, or claim any of the Tenchi Muyo! Charectors. I am
just a 11 year old kid, having fun writing storie's about my favorite
cartoon. So don't sue me!

Now to the show, Episode one: Kiyone's Dispare

____________________ In the garden (that was planted in the back)

Ayeaka:Oh Sasami... Isn't the sun beautiful today? Euhhh! *Holds side* (Oh
and just to tell you my fake serie's takes place after Tenchi in Tokyo but
before OAV 1)

Sasami:Oh Ayeaka! Does your side still hurt from when Yuugi attacked?

Ayeaka:No, my side is not still hurt from when Yuugi attacked.

Sasami:Do you hate Yuugi, Ayeaka? She said sadly.

Ayeaka:No. I do not hate Yuugi. How could I? *Flash back*

___________

Tenchi:*Slaps Yuugi* You just can't ruin other peoples lifes to rid you of
loneliness! *Looks at the girls*

Yuugi:I'm sorry! I really only want to be friends with Sasami now!

__________ In the present

Ayeaka:He slapped her. Not only for Sakuya, but for all of us. She did only
want to be with you. You Sasami.

Sasami:I miss Yuugi.

Ayeaka:She'll be back in a few years, Sasami. I promise.

Ryoko:*Flys in the air screaming* Sasami! Sasami where are you?! It's time
to make dinner!

Ayeaka: *Yells* Ryoko! You pig! Can't you wait a while?!

A fire ball came in reply.

Sasami:*Looks at Ayeaka* We better go!

Ayeaka:*Nods head as the two girls run to the house*

_________

Ryoko:*Walks in followed by the two tired girls*

Tenchi:Hi Sasami! Hello Miss Ayeaka.

Sasami:Hi Tenchi! *Runs to the kitchen*

Ayeaka:Auhhh! *Crawls upstairs*

Ryoko:*Smirks*

Kiyone:*Runs in* Hi Tenchi... Bye Tenchi!

Mihoshi:*Runs in and Grabs hold of Kiyone's leg sobbing* No Please Kiyone!
Stay here!

Kiyone:Mihoshi!

Tenchi:Are you leaving Kiyone?

Mihoshi:*Stands up sobbing* Th..They called fo..for Kiyone to go on in
space!

Tenchi:Wow! That's great!

Ryoko:<That makes it easier for me! No Kiyone or Mihoshi!>

Mihoshi:Without me!

Ryoko:*Sweats drop* <So damn close too!>

Kiyone:*Mouths: Get Mihoshi off me! I'll visit again!*

Sasami:*walks out* Mihoshi! Guess what marathon just started!

Mihoshi:*Eyes widen and get's happy* Galaxy Police, Police Men! (This is one
of her favorite show's. As it says in Tenchi Muyo! Tenchi in Tokyo!)

Kiyone:*Sweat drops as Mihoshi runs in the kitchen and to the living room*
Mouths to Sasami: Tha..Tha..Thank you. (Just get's breath back)

Tenchi:So your leaving?

Ryoko:Yes she is! *Holds onto Tenchi* That means...

Tenchi:Ryoko!

_________Last Dinner with Kiyone

Sasami:Wow Kiyone! It is so great that you got a promotion.

Mihoshi: Kiyone, is coming to visit though. Right, Kiyone?

Kiyone:*Sigh* Yes Mihoshi. She reassured her former clumsy, ditzy Partner.

Ryoko:So your going to be...

Ayeaka:*Eyes fill with glee* Far out in space?!

Kiyone:*Looks at Tenchi* Yes... I think so.

Ryo-oki:*Jumps up on Sasami's head*

Sasami:*Giggles*

Washu:Well Kiyone, I have arranged a little party at the lake before you
leave tomarrow.

Kiyone:Wow. Thank you Wa...

Washu:*Cough* Mmm hphh?

Kiyone:Little Washu.

Ryoko and Ayeaka were still day dreaming about when Kiyone leaves.

Mihoshi:Wow A party! Oh it will be so fun. There can be balloons, and cake,
and pin the tail on the jacka...

Tenchi:Mihoshi! There are kids present.

Mihoshi:Donkey. (Thats wierd. Mihoshi saying Jackass?)

______ The next morning.

Sasami:*Wakes the todler Ryo-oki up* Ryo-oki today were going to visit
Yuugi's Stasis. Yuugi....

Ryo-oki:Miya! Can't wait Miya to see Yuugi miya again!

Sasami:We can't see her. But we can talk to her.

_______ Kiyone's party begins

Sasami:*Brings the rolls out.* Kiyone this is going to be wonderful party!

Kiyone:Thank you all for giving this to me.

Tenchi:It is the least we can do for you Kiyone.

Ryoko:Yeah with you leaveing, it is something to celebrate. She murmered

Ayeaka:*Grins evily*

Washu:Let us cut the cake!

Sasami:*Hands Kiyone the knife and then without anyone noticeing sneeks out
in the dorection of Yuugi's Stasis. With Ryo-oki of course*

Kiyone:*Cuts the cake* ......... Awhile after.

Tenchi:*Walks up to Kiyone* Kiyone...

Kiyone:Hmm? Yes Tenchi?

Tenchi: *Blushes* Kiyone you know you can come back here anytime you want.
Nothing, or anyone is telling you not to.

Kiyone:*Eyes soften as she begin's to move closer to Tenchi*

Ayeaka and Ryoko stand up looking harmful.

Tenchi:Move's face so Kiyone Kisses his cheek. GoodBye Kiyone.

Kiyone:*Smiles almost crying that Tenchi did not really love her as much as
he did for Ryoko and Ayeaka* Good Bye Tenchi. *Turns around* GoodBye all of
you!

Mihosi:*Walks up to Kiyone looking at Her*

Kiyone:Good bye Mihoshi. *Looks sad and then is taken into her partners arms
and kissed on the lips* (Well Kiyone has a girlfriend) *Almost crys*

Mihoshi:Good bye Kiyone. I love you.

Kiyone:*Runs to her ship and takes off*

____________

Sasami:*Looks at the Stasis* Hello Yuugi.

Ryo-oki:*Smiles*

Sasami:I made this for you. *Holds up a flower necklace* Just like the ones
me and you made.

Ryo-oki: (In cabit form) *Looks up at the tearful Sasami*

Sasami:I miss you. *Put's it on the Stasis and in a flash Sasami, and
Ryo-oki see Yuugi's (Kiddish form) Spirit (Like Ryoko's old out of body body
when she was at her cave) Running around laughing.

_____________________

                    Music begins (I am lonely like the moon)
The ending pictures start with: Ryoko looks at Tenchi. And Then Takes him in
his arms as he falls. All the Girls come and look at Tenchi. Tenchi opens
his eyes and begins to run from the girls chasing him.

Preview or next Episode: Mihoshi: Hi there! It's me Mihoshi! Kiyone left,
but I get a call from her! Tenchi goes on a long walk and thinks about the
girls. Sasami and Ryo-oki are spending alot of time at Yuugi's Stasis. I
wonder why. Next time on Tenchi Muyo! Tenchi Loves me! : Yuugi's Spirit!
