Disclaimer:  I don't own Tenchi, nor do I own any of its affiliates. Pioneer
does.  I wish I owned Tenchi.  Then my stories would be on the air instead
of
posted on this siteâ€¦but anyways, I do own my characters and my story
ideas,
so don't take them without permission (if you ask me I just might let you).
So don't sue me because I have no money, blah blah blah.

Author's note: You may think that some of the characters are being portrayed
incorrectly in my story, so send me flames about it if it will make you feel
better.  But I don't really care either way, because it's my story and I'll
do whatever I dang well please!  Oh, and there may be some adult humor in
this, depending on my mood.  :P  Keepin' it short, thanks, and enjoy!

Tenchi Mystique, Chapter Two

It was another lovely day at the Masaki household.  Outside, the birds were
singing, the sun was shining, and a brand new day was blooming.  Upstairs,
in
the third bedroom on the left, Tenchi turned over in his bed, bordering on
consciousness.  Areah, who was already awake, lay quietly next to him, her
long curly lavender streaked hair braided and pulled into a bun at the back
of her head.

"Good morning, Tenchi," she said quietly, her lips pulling up in a soft
smile.

"Aah!" Tenchi cried out, sitting up straight in bed and pulling away from
her, his eyes wide.

"What's wrong, Tenchi?" Areah asked, furrowing her brow slightly and
propping
herself up on one elbow.

Tenchi glanced around the room frantically, his eyes still wide. "You're,
you're supposed to be in your cot!" he declared.

"Aw, come on, Tenchi," Areah pouted.  "What's wrong with two lovers sharing
a
bed?"

If possible, Tenchi's eyes got even wider.  "What?!"

Areah giggled, drawing her finger across the pillow.  "Oh come on, Tenchi,
admit it.  You and I have something special here."

"What are you talking about?" he demanded, relaxing a little.

"Oh Tenchi, I've known that we were meant for each other since the first
time
I saw you," she replied sweetly, leaning closer to him and perking her lips.

Tenchi backed up desperately on his elbows, only to fall rather ungracefully
over the side of the bed.  "Tenchi?" Areah cried after him, leaning her head
over the edge of the bed.  Tenchi, who lay in a crumpled heap on the floor,
let out a little groan.  "Are you hurt, Tenchi?"

"No, I'm fine, really," Tenchi moaned, stumbling to his feet.

"Oh, Tenchi, you're hurt," Areah exclaimed in a sympathetic tone, floating
out of the bed to land beside him.

Tenchi, thinking that she was naked, squeezed his eyes tightly shut and
braced himself for physical contact.  But she wasn't naked at all. In fact,
she was wearing a long white tee shirt of his as well as a pair of his baggy
plaid
boxers that hung down to her knees.

"Tenchi, what's wrong?" she asked, pouting her lips.  Despite his instincts,
he opened his left eye, risking a sideways glance at his guest.

"Hey, those are my clothes!" he announced, opening both his eyes and
standing
up straight.

"I'm sorry Tenchi," she replied. "Would you like them back?"

"Yes, and next time, ask me before you decide to wear my clothes, okay?"

"Alright, Tenchi," she replied cheerily and began to pull his shirt over her
head.

"No, no wait!" Tenchi cried, grabbing the bottom of the shirt and tugging it
back down around her stomach.  She put down her arms and stared at him
curiously.  "Give them back to me later."

"You earthlings sure have a strange way of doing things," was all she said
as
a reply.

"Would you mind going out of my room for a few minutes?" Tenchi asked, glad
to be changing the subject.

"Why?" she asked.  "It's as much my room now as it is yours."

"Because I have to change for school," he replied matter-of-factly.

"Well, I still don't understand why I have to leave," she told him, placing
her hands on her jutting hips and cocking her head to one side
inquisitively.

Tenchi promptly began to push her out the door.  "Hey, Tenchi!" she
protested, but Tenchi wasn't listening.  Halfway out the door, she
dematerialized, materializing again directly behind him.  Tenchi stared
around in a stupor, rubbing his eyes in disbelief.

He peered out the door, still searching for her, and practically fell on his
face when she tapped innocently on his shoulder.  He turned around abruptly,
his face angry.  Areah simply smiled innocently at him, her hands clasped
behind her back.

Bowing his head in defeat, Tenchi stalked out the door and down the hallway,
into the bathroom.  "Tenchi!" she cried after him, poking her head around
the
doorway.

She flinched as he slammed the door behind him.  "And don't come in until
I'm
done!" he yelled through the door.

"Tenchi," she moaned softly, and sulked back into the room she shared with
him.

A few minutes later Tenchi returned to his bedroom, dressed in school
uniform, to find Areah sitting patiently on the bed.  The minute he entered
the room, she leapt up and glomped him around his waist.  "Tenchi!  I
thought
you'd never come out!"

Tenchi moaned slightly and pried her off of him, walking past her towards
his
bed, where his suitcase for school was sitting.  Areah followed him around
with her eyes, turning as he stepped behind her.  Tenchi slung his suitcase
over his shoulder without another word and proceeded to walk out the bedroom
door.

"Tenchi," she called to him from the doorway, watching him walk down the
hallway.  He stopped where he was, glancing over his shoulder.  "Where are
you going?"

"I'm going to school, Areah," he replied impatiently.  "And I'm going to be
late."

"Why?" she asked innocently.

"I just can't stop going to school, ya know," he replied, again with that
matter-of-fact tone.

"Then I'll go with you," she declared, coming to stand in the doorway.

Tenchi turned around to face her fully.  "Areah, you can't just start going
to school with me.  Don't you think anyone will expect you're not from
around
here?"

"Why would they?" she asked, furrowing her brow innocently.

"Areah, just- do me a favor and wait till I come home, okay?" Tenchi asked,
and without waiting for an answer, turned and left.

Areah's eyes were determined, and now that her mind had been set on a goal,
she would not be strayed.  She stalked back into the bedroom determinedly
and
flung open the closet.  "Let's see, let's see," she mumbled to herself,
throwing clothes over her shoulder.

When she could find nothing in Tenchi's closet that would work as a
schoolgirl's outfit, she stood up straight and placed her hands on her hips.
"Aha!" she exclaimed suddenly, thrusting a finger up in the air in
indication
to no one in particular that she had figured out a solution.

She emerged moments later dressed in her original outfit and floated down
the
hall, too lazy to walk.  She sailed down the stairs and waved to Noboyouki,
who was sitting on the couch reading the paper, before going clear through
the front door.

"Now, this place has got to have a clothes store somewhere," she said to
herself as she sailed along high above the highway, heedless of the vehicles
driving along beneath her.  She continued along her way until she entered
the
nearest town, where she dematerialized, materializing on the ground behind a
store and walking around it to the storefront.

Her keen eyes examined every storefront in her general vicinity until they
fell upon a clothing store.  Upon closer examination, she realized that
there
were actually some very stylish school uniforms in the front window.
Smiling
to herself, she waltzed right in the front door, gazing around at the
clothes
around her with a curious look on her face.

She was inspecting a rather nice looking pale blue blouse when a young man
walked up to her, smiling broadly.  "Would you like any help, miss?" he
asked.  After a good night's sleep, she was feeling in a rather agreeably
mood, so rather than pulling a gun on him, she simply put on a smile and
turned around to face him.

"Yes, actually," she replied, doing her best helpless little girl
impression.

"I'm new to the area, and I need a new school uniform."

He smiled kindly at her, and motioned with his hands to follow him.  "Come
right this way."

She followed him dependently, looking around at all the clothes in faux awe.
"Our school uniforms are right back here," he told her, stopping at a rack
of
plaid skirts and matching tops.  His pale blue eyes scanned her figure
rather
slowly, taking their time to pause at her sensuous curves and rising
bust-line.  "Well," he said finally, returning his eyes to her face and
smiling, "I think
I have something just perfect for you.  Are you looking for conservative or
flashy?"

"What would a guy want me to wear?" she asked.

He stared at her for a moment before replying.  "Why, I think that a guy
would be insane to not want to see you in something flashy," he replied.

She smiled in embarrassment and forced a blush.  "Well then, that's what I'd
like."

The salesman smiled in satisfaction and led her towards the back of the
selection.  "These are our flashiest school uniforms," he told her,
motioning
to the two racks behind him.

"Great!" she exclaimed, brushing past him to examine them.  After one round
of the first rack, she pulled out a pale pink mini skirt with white hemming
attached to a white spandex tank top with spaghetti straps and a pink plaid
mini jacket that would only go up to just below her bust-line.  "Can I try
this one on?"

"That's an excellent choice," the man replied.  "The dressing rooms are
right
back here."

He placed his hand on the small of her back and led her back to the dressing
rooms, where he handed her a small card with the number one on it and
ushered
her down the narrow hallway lined with rows and rows of tiny rooms.  In her
dressing room, she quickly changed into the outfit she'd picked out and
stared at herself contentedly in the mirror, smoothing the skirt against her
soft, tan legs.

Areah crumpled her original outfit into a little wrinkled ball and
dematerialized, leaving the salesman to wait for her outside the dressing
room.  It would be another hour before he realized that both she and her
uniform were gone.

Outside the store, past the highway, just out front of the Masaki home, she
re-materialized, smoothing down her skirt again.  "Noboyouki?" she called as
she stepped inside the house, her matching pink heels (which she'd
stealthily
grabbed from the front window display on her way out) clicking on the wooden
floor.  "Noboyouki?  Oh, there you are," she declared as she entered the
room.

Noboyouki put down his paper and stared, with all but his tongue hanging
out,
at Areah.  "How do you get to Tenchi's school?" she asked, twirling a strand
of her hair around one finger.

"Uh, um, just, um, well, Tenchi usually takes the bus," he stuttered.

"Alright then, thank you Noboyouki," she replied and began to turn around.

"But I could drive you!" Noboyouki practically yelled after her.

She turned back around, her hands clasped behind her back, and smiled.
"That
would be great!"

Now that Areah's headed off to go to school with Tenchi, what could possibly
happen next?  Probably not what you'd expect, but wait and find out, next
time on Tenchi Mystique, Chapter Two: Areah's First Day.  Until then, ja ne~
  Angel
