Hi again, guys, I'm back!

Disclaimer: None of the characters, places, things, etc. belong to me, 
they all belong to PIONEER. I'm pretty broke, so It'd be a waste of time 
to sue me. Actually, Tenshu, and Ayechi, and Ryochi DO belong to me.

Written by Alia  ( kittykat_716@hotmail.com )
Well, anyway, I know I can't write, but I love reading fics so I thought 
I'd try it, so sue me (not to be taken literally, empty pockets here!). 
If I don't suck as much as I thought, or if I suck much, much more than 
I thought, please e-mail me and tell me so! I know all the girls on the 
show are admirers of Tenchi, but this fic centers on the three 
most..........friendly, Ayeka, Ryoko, and Washu. Thanks again to Nekomi 
for her help, and Matt for his pre-reading skills{ =)  <3 } and of 
course to GenSao, for posting my crappy stuff.


Tenchi's Revenge
Part Two 



     "Hi everyone!" said Tenchi cheerfully as he strolled through the 
door, his bag over his shoulder.
     "Hi Tenchi!" said Ryoko and Ayeka silmultaneously. They then glared 
at each other, sparks literally flying between them.
     Tenchi walked into the kitchen. "Hi Sasami! What's up!" he said, 
smiling.
     "Oh, hi Tenchi!" said Sasami, who was sitting at the table playing 
with Ryo-oki. "Mi-yaow!" said the adorable little cabbit.
     Ryoko emerged through the wall. "How was your day, Tenchi dear?" 
she said sweetly, throwing her arms around him.
     "Fine, Ryoko." said Tenchi nicely. "I'll be going now, I have loads 
of homework to do." He walked up the stairs, leaving Ryoko, Sasami, and 
Ayeka, who had just walked into the kitchen, staring after him.
     "Well, I knew he always liked me." said a pleased Ryoko.  "Tough 
luck, Ayeka."
     "Why........why.....why...you!" said Ayeka huffily, her face 
turning red. "You witch! She-demon! I will not believe it, I will not! 
You have cast a spell on Lord Tenchi!" She growled as electricity 
sparkled around her.
     Sasami laughed, and Ayeka was distracted. "What is so funny, 
Sasami! Can't you see that this is not a laughing matter? Lord Tenchi is 
caught up in some sort of witchcraft!"
     "Oh, you two! Can't you see? Tenchi is just in a good mood, that's 
all!"
----------*****----------
     Tenchi walked up the stairs to his room. Suddenly, a black hole 
opened in front of him, and Washu stepped through. "Hi Tenchi!" she said 
in a kawaii little voice. "The door to my lab is open, whenever you want 
to come in. Don't you think I should continue some experiments? As you 
know, you are a key component in these very important, top secret 
happenings."
    She folded her hands and said sweetly"Oh, com'on Tenchi, you 
wouldn't want to dissapoint me, would you?"
    Tenchi smiled and patted Washu's head. "Well, Washu, " he said with 
a smile, "I'm sorta busy right now, maybe later, okay?" then he walked 
up the stairs into his room. Washu stared after him dumbfoundedly.
----------*****----------
     That night at dinner, Washu, Ayeka, and Ryoko watched Tenchi very, 
very carefully. This made Tenchi very happy, as since the girls were 
each paying so much attention to him, their dinner was not interrupted 
by crashes and sounds of pain. 
    Tenchi laid down his chopsticks and cleared his throat. He smiled 
and said calmly "Everybody," he looked at each of the people sitting 
around him, Ryoko, Ayeka, Washu, Sasami, Nobuyki, and Kashuito, 
individually, "I'm having some friends over tomorrow night. Kiyone and 
Mihoshi are coming too. I would really, really appreciate it if you 
would all try to be good."
    He then excused himself from the table, and walked up the stairs, 
chuckling to himself. He could almost hear each of his admirers 
translating what he had just said into "If I'm really nice to Tenchi's 
friends, he'll like me best." 
    *Am I good or what?* he thought.
----------*****----------
    At exactly eight o'clock, on the dot, the doorbell rang. Ryoko and 
Ayeka both ran towards it, both pushing and shoving to be the one to 
answer the door. In the midst of their -almost- quiet fighting, Sasami 
ran up and cheerfully answered it herself.
    "Hi!" she said eagerly, "You must be Tenchi's friends! I'm Sasami, 
pleased to meet you."she gave an adorable little curtsy. "Please, come 
in!"
    Three young men, who looked vaguely familiar, walked into the room, 
wearing various colored clothing, and various haircuts.Tenchi jogged 
down the stairs to meet them, and Washu peered out from behind her 
closet door.
    "Hi guys! What's up?"
    "Nothing much at all, Tenchi, how are you?"said one politely. He had 
sort of black violet shaded hair worn longish, down past his ears. He 
wore wire-rim glasses and a black turtleneck with kahkis. "The moon, 
which weighs exactly....." said another with long spiky black hair with 
red highlights. He wore a red shirt with a light blue fish, the zodiac 
symbol for pisces, on it and jeans. He had a small blackish reddish 
goatee. The third boy just shrugged and grunted. His hair was gelled 
back, black with frosty bluish whitish streaks that looked natural. He 
wore a black leather jacket over a gray t-shirt with baggy black pants 
and black mirored sunglasses.
    Tenchi turned to the small crowd of females behind him." Guys, these 
are the girls I told you about. This one is Ayeka, the little one is 
Sasami, the one over there behind the door is Washu, and the one 
floating two inches off the 
floor...........ah.............yes......um.....this is Ryoko."
    Ayeka, glaring at Ryoko for blowing it, secretly laughed.*Now* her 
darling Tenchi would be mad at Ryoko, and who would he then choose for 
his bride? Ayeka, that's who!
    Much to everyone's surprise (and Ayeka's dismay) the third boy 
smirked as his feet slowly rose from the floor. Sasami let out and 
exclamation of delighted surprise as Tenchi and the other two boys 
laughed.
    "Are we missing all the fun?" asked Kiyone as she and Mihoshi 
stepped through the open door "Wha.."
said a very confused Mihoshi as she noticed the strange boy floating in 
the air. "Tenchi! What's going on here?" asked Kiyone.
    "Lord Tenchi," said Ayeka faintly, "I think I need to sit down."
    "Very well."said the boy with the glasses and turtleneck,"Tenchi, 
shall we proceed to the living room?"
----------*****---------- 
    "These are my friends," said Tenchi once everyone was seated , 
Sasami staring at the newcomers in wonder. "Tenshu,"
    "Hello." said the pisces.
    "Ayechi,"
    "Pleased to make your aquantinces." said the one in wire-rims.
    "and Ryochi." finished Tenchi.
    "Hey." grunted the leather clad one.
    "Tenshu, Ayechi, and Ryochi are people in a situation very similar 
to yourselves. Ayechi is the last prince of a place you and Sasami may 
have heard of, Ayeka. It was once called Hyril, but has since been 
totally destroyed."
    "Yes..."said Ayeka softly, "I remember the place very well." Sasami 
nodded her head.
    "Tenshu is a recently expelled scientist from the academy. He is 
considered the smartest but most violent scientist since...........well, 
since you, Washu." Washu nodded suspiciously, eyes narrowed at the three 
boys. "And Ryochi is an infamous space pirate from the other side of the 
galaxy. Since his friendship with Tenshu began he has had many 
interesting things encoded into his DNA which make him act a little 
like.......you, Ryoko. They came to Earth together to escape a bounty 
hunter who was sent to destroy the last remanets of the royal family of 
Hyril."
    "Well.... how did you find Tenchi, misters?" asked Sasami cutely."I 
mean, its sort of funny that you found us, don't you think?"
    "Wow Kiyone! Two wanted space criminals in one house, that's a lot! 
If we brought BOTH of them in, we could get promoted!" said Mihoshi.
    "Mihoshi! We're not taking ANYONE in! Ryoko is our FRIEND, 
remember?"
    "Oh yeah........."
    "I too would like to know how you found us, Lord Ayechi." said 
Ayeka.Tenchi flinched. *Ouch.* he thought, *She only calls me "Lord"*
    Ayechi smiled. "It was easy. I discovered the energy of Princess 
Sasami of Jurai, and the energy of the Princess Ayeka."
    "We didn't expect you to be so lovely though, Princess." said Ryochi 
from behind his dark glasses. Ayeka blushed.
    "Also, the magnitude of energy caused by the dimensional portals of 
the scientist Washu was very noticeable." said Tenshu. "You also 
exceeded our expectations." He smiled. "I have heard many things about 
the great and terrible genius Washu, but nothing of your beauty. You 
have always been my role model."
    "Plus the beautiful space pirate Ryoko and the cabbit Ryo-oki stood 
out in our minds." said Ryochi. 
    "And in person you are even more enchanting than on the wanted 
posters." said Ayechi warmly.
Ryoko blushed, also.
    "We made ourselves known to Tenchi, whose life energy also attracted 
us, and here we are."
    Nobuyki and Kashuito had been standing by the kitchen doorway all 
this time."I welcome you to our home." said Kashuito. "But what do you 
propose we do with you?"
    "Come now! Can't we discuss this over a warm meal?" said Nobuyki 
eagerly.
    "OH! Right, that reminds me, I cooked your favorite tonight Tenchi! 
And there's ramen, I made extra for our guests." Sasami smiled as the 
entire household ran for the kitchen.
----------*****---------- 
    One week later, Sasami sat in the carrot garden as Ryochi pulled 
carrots, to the delight of Ryo-oki, and placed them in a basket. Washu 
hadn't appeared around the house for days, and with her, Tenshu, very 
suspiciously."I'm going to cook dinner now, Ryochi! C'mon Ryo-oki!" said 
Sasami sweetly.
    "Meeeerooooooooow?" wailed Ryo-oki despairingly as she slowly 
followed. As Sasami and Ryo-oki walked toward the house, Ayeka ambled 
down towards the garden, humming mildly, until she saw Ryochi, muscles 
rippling, toiling under the hot sun. At the sight of her he threw down 
his shovel and began walking towards her. Ayeka blushed furiously.
    "Wh..Why hello, Lord Ryochi....." she stammered, "How are you this 
fine morning?"
    "Shhhh, Ayeka, no need to speak." said Ryochi, placing a finger on 
her lips, "I know why you came." With that, Ryochi bent his head and 
kissed her full on the mouth.
    When she got over the shock and realized what was happening, Ayeka 
quickly pulled away. "Mr. Ryochi, I don't know what you are thinking..." 
said Ayeka angrily.
    So Ryochi kissed her again. 
    " Mister Ryochi!" yelled Ayeka when he moved away, "I have feelings 
of love only for Lord Tenchi!" And with that, she slapped him. Hard. 
    "Ah!" said Ryochi, rubbing his cheek, "Fire! I like that in a 
woman!" and he reached for her again.
    Just then, Ayechi ran over the hill towards them. "Fiend! Demon!" he 
yelled, "I have seen what you have done to the honor of my love, the 
beautiful Ayeka! She is my chosen bride! You must pay!" With this he 
rushed towards Ryochi, who promptly started the creation of a green 
(like Ryoko's orange) energy ball.
    "What? Chosen bride?" said Ayeka, a bit muddled. She did not have 
Tenchi's experience on this side of matters of the heart. "I love 
Lord.." 
    "Ryochi!" yelled Ryochi.
    "Ayechi!" yelled Ayechi, "We battle!"
    "No! No! Please! Don't fight over me! I beg you!" said Ayeka, and 
ran, crying, into the shed, as tape recorded sounds of a raging battle 
played outside.
 ----------*****---------- 
    "You should have seen her face, Tenchi!" laughed Ryochi.
    "Oh no! No! Please don't fight over little old me, I beg you!" 
mimmicked Ayechi, and the three of them fell in a laughing heap on the 
floor.
----------*****---------- 
    Later that day, Ryoko was sitting on the roof, enjoying the sunset.
    "May I join you, Miss Ryoko?" said a voice from the left.
    "Sure thing, Ayechi, c'mon over." said Ryoki with a smile, patting 
the roof next to her.
    Ayechi sat down. "Sunsets are......so pretty, Miss Ryoko....almost 
as beautiful as you....but what am I saying, nothing could be as lovely 
as you..." Ryoko looked up at Ayechi quickly, shocked.
    "What.....?" she said quizzically.
    So Ayechi kissed her. Hard.
    Ryoko quickly pulled away. "Don't you dare try anything fast on me 
like that again!" she said angrily. "I am in love with Lord Tenchi and I 
will NOT forsake him....."
    "Ryyooookoooooo!" yelled Ryochi, swooping down towards Ayechi. "I'll 
get him!"
    "She is MINE, fool!" yelled Ayechi.
    "What the hell?" yelled Ryoko.
    "I am in love with Ryoko, and you cannot have her!" said Ryochi.
    "Her beauty is mine to protect. I want her as my wife!" yelled 
Ayechi.
    "Dammit, don't you DARE fight over me!" screamed Ryoko.
    "Don't worry about me, love, I'll get him!"said Ryochi.
    "I will protect your honor!"
    "I'm outta here!" said Ryoko, and flew off.  
----------*****---------- 
    "It's GREAT!"said Tenchi,"They're both going through hell, but they 
hate each other so much that they'd never discuss it!"
    "They'll never find out that we who are 'so deeply in love' with 
Ayeka.....," said Ryochi.
    "......Are also supposedly enthralled with Ryoko!" said Ayechi.
    "..........They are both......sorta cute, though....."said Ryochi. 
The other two nodded glumly.
----------*****---------- 
    "AARRGH!" yelled Ryoko, "Leave me alone, Ryochi!"
    "Oh, c'mon, baby, I know you don't mean that! Look, why don't we go 
over there to that cave and.....make up, if you know what I mean."
    "NO!"
    "A sexy, beautiful young woman like yourself needs some of what I'm 
offering. You need some matinence, with your hot, full body, and I KNOW 
Tenchi's not treating you right." said Ryochi.
    "Don't you EVER say anything about MY TENCHI!"
    "I know you can't really want him when you can have a guy like me." 
he said, pinning her between himself and the cave wall, pressing his 
hard muscles against her. "I love you Ryoko, and I think you like me. 
You have the best body I've ever seen, and I want to run my fingers all 
over.......(whisper whisper whisper whisper whisper)"
    "NO! LEAVE ME ALONE YOU PIG!" screamed Ryoko, and phased right 
through him. Ryochi fell to the ground in a fit of laughter.
    Meanwhile, Ayeka was trying to put off the charms of a lovelorn 
Ayechi.
    "STOP IT!Lord Ayechi!" said Ayeka. "I love Tenchi and no other."
    "Ayeka, dearest, most beautiful star in the imperial sky. I love you 
and wish to make you my bride!"
    "No!"
    "Please, Ayeka! You are the lovelist flower, the prettiest woman in 
all of history! How could I see you without falling in love with you?"
    "Stop it!"
    "Can't you see? To live without you is not living! You are the air I 
breathe! You are sunlight! How can you condemn me for a love I cannot 
help! Please, be my bride!"
    "I'm leaving!" yelled Ayeka, and rushed off as Ayechi tried to 
stifle a chuckle.
    Ryoko walked around the bend, grinning. "Hey Ayechi. Time to 
switch?"
----------*****---------- 
    "Where's Tenshu?" asked Tenchi.
    "We dunno." said Ryochi.
    "I believe he's....in the lab. Wityh Washu." said Ayechi.
    "WHAT!" said Tenchi. "He's supposed to be helping you guys! What 
happened!?"
    "I guess he's just...enjoying his time with Washu."
    "It does not really matter, Tenchi, we can take care of it. Two on 
two is easier than three on three. Let Tenshu take care of Washu."
    "Well....okay, Ayechi." said Tenchi.
    "Now on to the next day's exiting activities!" added Ryochi.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------

Questions, Comments, Deeply Scarring Insults? Please send to 
kittykat_716@hotmail.com
Thanks for reading. Hope you liked it. ~O<83
