Disclaimer:  Pioneer owns Tenchi Muyo! and all creatures and characters
contained within.

Claimer:  Tenrin is mine.

==-==-==
Tenchi Muyo!

Tenrin

STRIKE TWO:  Prolog to the Future

Brian Burke
The_krane@hotmail.com
http://members.xoom.com/Tenchiii/Homepage2.htm
(The Crystal Shrine!)
==-==-==
        ~Being the First Princess of Jurai...~

        In the darkness of night, the former First Princess of Jurai lies
awake on
her futon.  <What is going on?  Why didn't Father tell me?  I suppose the
pain of losing a wife kept him from saying that.>

        Ayeka looks to one who usually sleeps next to her.  Her younger
sister
who takes up such responsibilities for someone her age.  <Sasami seemed to
accept the fact quite quickly.  Yet, nothing short of her mysterious
assimilation seems to upset her.  She takes everything as a bird takes the
wind.>

        Ayeka looks to her other side and finds the newest member of her
family
sleeping quite soundly.  Had she not been a part of Ayeka's immediate
family, she may not have allowed it.  However, Tenrin was persistent in
wanting to sleep with her newly found sisters.

        Finally, Ayeka closes her eyes to escape reality and to expedite the
arrival of morning.  <Perhaps tomorrow, things will be different.  Perhaps
Tenrin will want to return to Jurai.  After all, how long will she be able
to stay away without losing HER title?>

==-==-==
        In the hallway of the palace she has known for so long, she walks
slowly
and carefully.  The ceiling is hidden by the darkness of night.  As far up
as it is, even daylight may not be enough to see the stone canopy.

        Along the marble floors, she walks with bare feet.  Her only
covering, in
fact, is a thin wrap which she usually wears under her kimono.  The cold air
breezes past her exposed knees and gently pulls on the edge of her covering
just above.  Still, she moves forward.

        Unlike earlier, a red ribbon puts her brown hair into a short
ponytail.
She turns her head, and the raised hair swishes behind her.  She looks to
her other side, and the hair moves in the opposite direction of her head.

        She stops near a door.  One single door which grabs her attention.
A
simple, wooden door she walks to with as much a pace as before.  Again she
stops.  She looks in another direction as something has caught her attention
elsewhere.  But, she turns back to the door.

        She opens the door slowly.  What is strange is that the door makes
no
noise.  It just opens.  Inside, she finds someone standing in the small
room.  A white, hooded cloak conceals her body, not allowing anyone to see
any feature of this person.  Not height, weight, hair, or even gender.

        Yet, in her mind, she knows who it is.  Something tells her who it
is.
"Mother?" she asks quietly.  Even in the small room, her simple question is
amplified and echoed.

        The figure turns.  As the hood is turned to view, something is very
wrong.
Where one would expect some hair to stick out, there is only space.  The
person turns more.  And, with that turn, reveals itself.  The hood is indeed
hollow, save for an old skull held up by a stack of dusty vertebrae.

        The entering girl does nothing.  Nothing to show emotion of any
kind.  Not
fear or hatred.  But, in her mind, she's scared stiff at the horrific sight.

        The figure stops turning and shows that the front of the outfit is
identical to the back.  All white.  A brilliant white.  "Tenrin..." it
gasps, snapping its jaw down and up again.  Its very voice echoes throughout
the room and beyond.

==-==-==
        Tenrin snaps up to a sitting position on her futon after such a
ghastly
sight.  "Mother..." she gasps between irregular breaths.  Finally, she
closes her eyes and calms herself.  "It was only a dream..." she says to
herself.  Finally, her breathing slows to normal.

        As she sighs out her last breath of fear, Tenrin looks about the
room.  The
room is brightly lit by the sun.  Gentle, warm rays of light flow into the
room through a small window.

        Nearby, Ayeka is tying the large bow on her back.  The bow, made of
the
sash which keeps her kimono in place.  She turns politely, yet concernedly
considering how her sister awoke.  "Good morning, Tenrin," she says quietly.
  "Did you not sleep well?"

        In response, Tenrin stretches up her arms as tight as they will go.
A
short yawn escapes her lips as she begins to wake up normally.  "I slept
alright, but I'm not used to sleeping on the floor," Tenrin says.  "But,
I'll manage."  Tenrin bends up her legs to push out any stiffness.
"However, there was one consistent problem I had for awhile."

        "And what was that?" Ayeka asks curiously.

        "Ayeka, are you aware that you snore?"

        "I DO NOT!"

        "I'm sorry that you had to find out, Ayeka," Tenrin says
apologetically.
"But, wouldn't you rather find out from a sister than a stranger?  Or even
future lover?"

        Ayeka droops her head in regret, and partial shame.  "I am sorry I
shouted
at you, Tenrin.  I guess it is not your fault.  But, tell me.  How bad is
it?"

        Tenrin stands and looks Ayeka in the eye.  "Truthfully?  I can't
tell you.
I do not want to cause anymore hard feelings."

        Her question is unanswered, yet "thank you, Tenrin.  For being
honest."
Ayeka leaves the room quietly as to allow Tenrin some privacy.  Sasami, of
course, has already left long before either awoke.

        And, finally, Tenrin is alone.  "How bad?" Tenrin mumbles to
herself.
"Sounded like a chipper-shredder on full power!  Hmm.  Now I understand why
Sasami has nightmares!"

==-==-==
        About an hour later, Tenrin emerges from her room.  Like the other
members
of the household, she sits with the rest of them to enjoy breakfast.  Unlike
yesterday, but like her dream, Tenrin has her hair tied up in a short
ponytail.

        "Thank you for letting me stay here, Noboyuki," Tenrin says.

        The slick haired individual sets down his tea to respond politely.
"It's
not a problem," Noboyuki responds.  "I guess it's fair to say we're getting
used to it."

        "Tenrin?" Sasami asks curiously.  "You never answered my question
yesterday.  Who was your mother?"

        "Yes, Tenrin," Kiyone adds.  "Tell us!"

        Tenrin looks to Kiyone while trying to answer the question.  Kiyone,
who
was away from the house with Mayuka yesterday.  "My mother..." she begins.
"My mother, Rekina, was a very responsible woman.  She knew what had to be
done, and she fought to GET it done.  Still, she was also a very kind woman.
  Sometimes, what she felt in her heart outweighed what she knew was right.
Because of this, she has had many successes in the Jurai Empire."

        "She sounds so sweet," Mihoshi says.  "It's too bad she's gone..."

        "Yes..." she respondFrom - Fri Jul 07 10:23:28 2000
Received: from hotmail.com (f222.law4.hotmail.com [216.33.149.222])
        by studio-kintora.com (8.9.3/8.9.3) with SMTP id IAA16959
        for <gensao@tmffa.com>; Fri, 7 Jul 2000 08:14:30 -0700 (PDT)
Received: (qmail 89367 invoked by uid 0); 7 Jul 2000 15:13:57 -0000
Message-ID: <20000707151357.89366.qmail@hotmail.com>
Received: from 209.18.196.112 by www.hotmail.com with HTTP;
        Fri, 07 Jul 2000 08:13:57 PDT
X-Originating-IP: [209.18.196.112]
From: "The Crane" <the_krane@hotmail.com>
To: gensao@tmffa.com
Subject: Tenrin 2
Date: Fri, 07 Jul 2000 10:13:57 CDT
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; format=flowed
X-Mozilla-Status: 0000
X-Mozilla-Status2: 00000000
X-UIDL: 6ef024a7fd1dd7da8e736085fcc88f4d

        Hello, Gensao!

        Haven't talked to you in awhile.  But, I've got something for you!
This is
STRIKE TWO of the Tenrin story.  Two things that I need to mention.  First,
I forgot to mention last time (no harm done... yet) that this series will
have some lemon elements.  Not a lemon series, but some chapters will have
that particular spice.  Second, as for the individual chapters, I would like
it if you could capitalize 'STRIKE ONE,' 'STRIKE TWO,' and so forth.  I'm
just trying to be different.  This is part of it.

-CIAO!!
Brian Burke
The_krane@hotmail.com

Disclaimer:  Pioneer owns Tenchi Muyo! and all creatures and characters
contained within.

Claimer:  Tenrin is mine.

==-==-==
Tenchi Muyo!

Tenrin

STRIKE TWO:  Prolog to the Future

Brian Burke
The_krane@hotmail.com
http://members.xoom.com/Tenchiii/Homepage2.htm
(The Crystal Shrine!)
==-==-==
        ~Being the First Princess of Jurai...~

        In the darkness of night, the former First Princess of Jurai lies
awake on
her futon.  <What is going on?  Why didn't Father tell me?  I suppose the
pain of losing a wife kept him from saying that.>

        Ayeka looks to one who usually sleeps next to her.  Her younger
sister
who takes up such responsibilities for someone her age.  <Sasami seemed to
accept the fact quite quickly.  Yet, nothing short of her mysterious
assimilation seems to upset her.  She takes everything as a bird takes the
wind.>

        Ayeka looks to her other side and finds the newest member of her
family
sleeping quite soundly.  Had she not been a part of Ayeka's immediate
family, she may not have allowed it.  However, Tenrin was persistent in
wanting to sleep with her newly found sisters.

        Finally, Ayeka closes her eyes to escape reality and to expedite the
arrival of morning.  <Perhaps tomorrow, things will be different.  Perhaps
Tenrin will want to return to Jurai.  After all, how long will she be able
to stay away without losing HER title?>

==-==-==
        In the hallway of the palace she has known for so long, she walks
slowly
and carefully.  The ceiling is hidden by the darkness of night.  As far up
as it is, even daylight may not be enough to see the stone canopy.

        Along the marble floors, she walks with bare feet.  Her only
covering, in
fact, is a thin wrap which she usually wears under her kimono.  The cold air
breezes past her exposed knees and gently pulls on the edge of her covering
just above.  Still, she moves forward.

        Unlike earlier, a red ribbon puts her brown hair into a short
ponytail.
She turns her head, and the raised hair swishes behind her.  She looks to
her other side, and the hair moves in the opposite direction of her head.

        She stops near a door.  One single door which grabs her attention.
A
simple, wooden door she walks to with as much a pace as before.  Again she
stops.  She looks in another direction as something has caught her attention
elsewhere.  But, she turns back to the door.

        She opens the door slowly.  What is strange is that the door makes
no
noise.  It just opens.  Inside, she finds someone standing in the small
room.  A white, hooded cloak conceals her body, not allowing anyone to see
any feature of this person.  Not height, weight, hair, or even gender.

        Yet, in her mind, she knows who it is.  Something tells her who it
is.
"Mother?" she asks quietly.  Even in the small room, her simple question is
amplified and echoed.

        The figure turns.  As the hood is turned to view, something is very
wrong.
Where one would expect some hair to stick out, there is only space.  The
person turns more.  And, with that turn, reveals itself.  The hood is indeed
hollow, save for an old skull held up by a stack of dusty vertebrae.

        The entering girl does nothing.  Nothing to show emotion of any
kind.  Not
fear or hatred.  But, in her mind, she's scared stiff at the horrific sight.

        The figure stops turning and shows that the front of the outfit is
identical to the back.  All white.  A brilliant white.  "Tenrin..." it
gasps, snapping its jaw down and up again.  Its very voice echoes throughout
the room and beyond.

==-==-==
        Tenrin snaps up to a sitting position on her futon after such a
ghastly
sight.  "Mother..." she gasps between irregular breaths.  Finally, she
closes her eyes and calms herself.  "It was only a dream..." she says to
herself.  Finally, her breathing slows to normal.

        As she sighs out her last breath of fear, Tenrin looks about the
room.  The
room is brightly lit by the sun.  Gentle, warm rays of light flow into the
room through a small window.

        Nearby, Ayeka is tying the large bow on her back.  The bow, made of
the
sash which keeps her kimono in place.  She turns politely, yet concernedly
considering how her sister awoke.  "Good morning, Tenrin," she says quietly.
  "Did you not sleep well?"

        In response, Tenrin stretches up her arms as tight as they will go.
A
short yawn escapes her lips as she begins to wake up normally.  "I slept
alright, but I'm not used to sleeping on the floor," Tenrin says.  "But,
I'll manage."  Tenrin bends up her legs to push out any stiffness.
"However, there was one consistent problem I had for awhile."

        "And what was that?" Ayeka asks curiously.

        "Ayeka, are you aware that you snore?"

        "I DO NOT!"

        "I'm sorry that you had to find out, Ayeka," Tenrin says
apologetically.
"But, wouldn't you rather find out from a sister than a stranger?  Or even
future lover?"

        Ayeka droops her head in regret, and partial shame.  "I am sorry I
shouted
at you, Tenrin.  I guess it is not your fault.  But, tell me.  How bad is
it?"

        Tenrin stands and looks Ayeka in the eye.  "Truthfully?  I can't
tell you.
I do not want to cause anymore hard feelings."

        Her question is unanswered, yet "thank you, Tenrin.  For being
honest."
Ayeka leaves the room quietly as to allow Tenrin some privacy.  Sasami, of
course, has already left long before either awoke.

        And, finally, Tenrin is alone.  "How bad?" Tenrin mumbles to
herself.
"Sounded like a chipper-shredder on full power!  Hmm.  Now I understand why
Sasami has nightmares!"

==-==-==
        About an hour later, Tenrin emerges from her room.  Like the other
members
of the household, she sits with the rest of them to enjoy breakfast.  Unlike
yesterday, but like her dream, Tenrin has her hair tied up in a short
ponytail.

        "Thank you for letting me stay here, Noboyuki," Tenrin says.

        The slick haired individual sets down his tea to respond politely.
"It's
not a problem," Noboyuki responds.  "I guess it's fair to say we're getting
used to it."

        "Tenrin?" Sasami asks curiously.  "You never answered my question
yesterday.  Who was your mother?"

        "Yes, Tenrin," Kiyone adds.  "Tell us!"

        Tenrin looks to Kiyone while trying to answer the question.  Kiyone,
who
was away from the house with Mayuka yesterday.  "My mother..." she begins.
"My mother, Rekina, was a very responsible woman.  She knew what had to be
done, and she fought to GET it done.  Still, she was also a very kind woman.
  Sometimes, what she felt in her heart outweighed what she knew was right.
Because of this, she has had many successes in the Jurai Empire."

        "She sounds so sweet," Mihoshi says.  "It's too bad she's gone..."

        "Yes..." she responds, closing her eyes in thought.  "It is
unfortunate.
Nobody really knew what happened.  She just... disappeared three years ago.
Right before our eyes!  Nobody has seen her since that day.  But, I can
remember her as if she were standing right here.  Her gentle face.  Her long
black hair.  Her gentle embrace which she would give me.  I miss her so."

        "Tenrin..." Ayeka says quietly.

        "Tenrin," Washu says responsibly.  "May I ask a favor of you?"

        Tenrin looks to Washu in response.  Somewhat curious, but still
serious.
"What kind of favor?"

        Washu smiles a bit.  "I just need a simple hair sample for my
research.
Nothing superbly important.  Just something I've done with all the residents
here."

        Tenrin looks around, and finds each of the family members are
nodding.  All
except for Ryoko, for obvious reasons.  So, with a wince, she pulls out a
strand of hair from her ponytail.  Finally, she gives it to Washu.  "Here
you are, Little Washu," Tenrin says, placing it into the scientist's waiting
hands.

        "Thank you, Tenrin," she responds with a smile.  Washu looks to the
rest of
the family, "at least SOMEONE gets my name right!"  She stands.  She stands
because she has what she came for.  "Excuse me," she says politely before
walking to her lab door.  "One less person I have to turn into a water
sprite," she mumbles quietly.

        "Now," Tenrin says enthusiastically.  "Tell me.  Who is Mayuka?"

==-==-==
        While the baby's story is retold, Washu slips into her lab to
continue her
research.  Which project she intends on working on, however, seems quite
decided.

        As she enters the lab, she takes a small vial from a nearby table
and
places the hair sample into it.  From the same table, she takes a cap and
seals the tube.  "Something just isn't right..."

        She takes the capped glass tube and envelops it in a light blue
field.  A
sphere of blue light that holds the tube in the air.  Not far from the door,
Washu sits on her floating cushion.  As she sits, the vial floats in front
of her.

        Washu types on her holographic keyboard in an effort to decipher
this
mystery.  To determine what 'isn't right.'  Above the keyboard, two more
holograms appear.  On the left, one DNA strand.  "This kid's got power.
And, to make things worse, she knows how to use it."

        Below the strand, a simple label appears.  A rectangular box with
Tenrin's
name in it.  To the right, the other hologram, another strand of DNA with
yet another label:  Azusa.  "Yeah, that's his alright.  The mother must've
had an extremely strong power.  Otherwise, Tenrin wouldn't be as powerful as
she is."

        Yet another hologram appears before the mad scientist.  Another, yet
unfamiliar DNA strand.  "Okay.  This is the mother's DNA."  She looks
closer, lurching her body towards the floating representation.
"Interesting...  Three specific races!  But, how is that possible?"

        Once again, she types.  "Of course...  One of them is Epicellian!"
Washu
sits normally on her cushion again.  "Hmm...  I don't recognize the other
two races."  She sighs heavily at the fact that she's been stumped.
"Rekina..." she says quietly.  "That was her name."

==-==-==
        He has not done this in ages.  In fact, he has not wanted to.  But,
given
the circumstances, there is no alternative.

        The weathered man in the garb of a Shinto priest holds a short,
ceramic
handle in his hands.  At the top, two small wedges usually emanate a blue
blade, turning the entire piece into a sword.  But, there is no blade.  The
handle itself is covered in carved designs, resembling roots of a tree.  At
the other end, a small pommel in a circular shape.  In it are three holes.
Three holes which once held gems.  Three very powerful, very dangerous gems.

        Ahead of the old man, a giant tree sits routed into the land.
Around it, a
small pond of water with several small logs pointed at the leaves.  The
trunk of this obese tree has a thick rope tied around it which holds small
papers dangling from it.

        Katsuhito taps the ceramic handle against the tree's trunk and
watches many
colors of lights dance about.  But, finally, the colors coalesce in front
him.  The shape they form is a simple rectangular screen.  "Let me speak to
King Azusa," he says as someone appears on the screen.

        Tedious moments later, the desired individual appears on the small
screen
created by the tree.  "Yes, Yosho?" he says sternly.  "What is it?"

        "Father," Yosho replies, "who is Tenrin?  She claims to be your
daughter.
Is this true?"

        A short period of grumbling soon follows Yosho's question.  "Yes,
she is my
daughter.  Your half-sister.  I suppose that she went to Earth, then."

        Yosho nods once.  "She has asked to stay here for some time while
she
acquaints herself with her newly found siblings.  But, tell me:  Why didn't
you say anything before?  Ayeka and Sasami should have been told right away.
  Yet, they weren't.  What is going on?"

        Azusa's expression turns to a bit of sorrow.  "Son, I loved Rekina
as much
as I do Misaki or Funaho.  But, every time I think about telling you or your
sisters about Tenrin, I think of Rekina.  I wanted to take the lot of you
home so that you could meet her in a more formal setting.  But, none of you
wanted to leave..."

        "Well, Father, she'll be staying here for awhile.  Where all of us
can find
out about her."

==-==-==
        Over and over, the blade of the knife hammers down on the wooden
cutting
board with an unbelievable speed.  It reaches the end of the vegetable and
the blade slides everything, save the green sprout on the end, into a
boiling pot of other vegetables.

        "You're really good, Tenrin!" Sasami says appreciatively while she
sits to
one side.  "And I thought I was the only one of us that could cook!"  Sasami
watches in amazement as Tenrin starts on yet another vegetable.

        Tenrin finishes dicing a tomato and slides it into the pot.  "Well,
Aunt
Misaki taught me quite a lot about cooking.  My mother...  Well, to be
honest, she couldn't cook to save her life!"

        "Tenrin!" Ayeka gasps.  "What if your mother heard you talk about
her like
that?"

        Tenrin smiles.  "She'd agree with me.  She admitted many times that
she
couldn't cook very well.  So, I'm not really being rude, am I?"

        "I guess not..." Ayeka says quietly.

        The only other occupant of the room, Tenchi, says nothing to support
either
side.  He merely watches the scene unfold as Tenrin puts Sasami's cooking
skills to shame.  Not something he thought he'd see easily done.

        Ayeka turns as she watches Tenchi rise from the corner of her eye.
"Tenchi?" she asks simply.  "What is it?"

        "It's nothing," he responds.  "I just need to go get some air."  A
moment
passes before Tenchi walks towards the main door of the house.  Not a minute
later, the others hear the fateful sliding of the wooden door.

        "You know, Tenrin," Sasami comments, "you have really pretty hair."

        "Thank you, Sasami," she returns.  "My mother said it was HER
mother's hair
color."

==-==-==
        Not too much time passes for the young Juraian prince as he finds
himself
sitting under a tree.  Not any specific tree, just somewhere he knows he
won't be bothered.  He sits at the base of the trunk and hopes that he isn't
bothered by anyone.

        "Tenrin..." he says quietly.  "A cute girl," he comments.  "A
sensible
personality.  And she can COOK!  Something only Sasami has been able to pull
off."  He leans back against the tree and closes his eyes in thought.
"Hmm...  Tenrin...  If I were to choose, it would probably be you.  You're
kind like Sasami, responsible like Ayeka...  And as powerful as Ryoko."

        Unbeknownst to him, he is not as alone as he thought he was.  Buried
in the
leaves of the giant tree, inside the shadow the branches create, someone
lurks.  In fact, hovering within earshot of Tenchi, a certain cyan haired
woman looks to Tenchi with a cautious stare.  One that would speak volumes
if seen.  <Tenchi...> she thinks to herself.

        "But..." Tenchi continues, "I've just met Tenrin.  It would be
foolish to
think like that.  Ayeka and Ryoko would both kill me!  Still, there will
come a time when I must choose.  But, with everything that's happened, I
just can't do it.  I can't choose one and hurt the rest."

-END TWO!-