The One
-------
A Tenchi Muyo Fanfic

by "Christopher Angel" <cja124@mail.usask.ca>

TM and all characters owned by Hiroki Hayashi and Masaki Kajishima.  Sue
some of the better writers, leave ME alone.

This takes place after the 13'th Episode of the Ryo-Ohki series.

Opening Music: Superconductor by Rush

***

[Scene opens on a typical breakfast at the Masaki residence.  Washu is
attempting to explain something to Mihoshi (she's a glutton for punishment,
maybe?).  Ayeka and Ryoko are arguing.  Tenchi's father is mysteriously
absent.  Sasami is serving food.  Ryo-Ohki is gorging on a carrot.  Tenchi
is studiouly trying to ignore everyone.

The scene continues for a few moments, until a sonic boom is heard, and the
whole house shakes.  Tenchi jumps up and runs outside, the others hot on
his heels.  (Well, Ryoko took her usual shortcut and just flew through the
roof, but you get the idea.)

As they exit, they see a boy sitting on the dock of the house.
Disappearing into the sky is a small Jurian ship.]

Ayeka: A noble's ship?  Why would one of those be here?

[Her musings are brought to a halt as the boy walks up and bows to Tenchi.
He's appears to be about 12 or 13, with an open face that is obviously
going to be handsome.  Right now, he's mostly cute.  He hasn't reached his
growth spurt yet.  His hair is a bright neon green, and is pulled back from
his face to be tied down his back in a thick braid that reaches his behind.
He's wearing a loose white shirt and brown pants.  Over the shirt he wears
a blue vest.]

Boy: Tenchi Masaki, I presume?

Tenchi: [suprised, a little wary] Yes, I am.

Boy: [beaming] Great!  Then Miss Washu is here!

[Washu pushes Tenchi out of the way, and stands in front of the boy.  She's
able to look him eye to eye.]

Washu: That's me, the Number 1 Genius Scientist in the Universe!

[The boy is suprised, and pulls a photo out of his pocket.  He looks at the
photo, then looks at Washu.  He repeats this several times, growing more
and more confused.]

Boy: [verge of tears] But...but...you CAN'T be!  [Shows her the picture,
it's a faded and worn picture of her face in her older form.  Washu looks
at it for a second.  Next thing we see, she's in her adult form.  Her very
buxom adult form.  Her...oh forget it, let's just say Washu can be pretty
damn hot when she wants to.]

Washu: [looks down at the boy, his eye level is about 6 inches below her
bust] Is this better?

Boy: [awestruck, takes a step back, then hugs her tightly]  Grandma!

Collective: [facefault] GRANDMA?!

[fadeout]

***

[Fadein on Washu's lab.  She (back in her small form) has the boy in the
same get-up she usually has Tenchi in, however, he still has his pants on.
The others are watching from a few steps away.  Washu puts a gun-like
object on his arm for a moment, he yelps and gives her a dark glare.]

Boy: That hurt!

[Washu ignores him, takes the gun-like device to another table, where she
removes a small container from it and places it in another machine.
Washu's usual screen and keyboard aparatus appears, and she types furiously
on it for a few moments, then sighs.]

Washu: He's definitely a descendant of mine.

Ayeka: How do you know for sure, Miss Washu?

[Washu brightens and gives Ayeka an 'I was hoping you'd ask that' look.
Another screen appears, much bigger than the others.  On it, the double
helix of a DNA fragment is displayed.  A short portion of the segment is
high-lighted.]

Washu: I changed my DNA so all of my descendants would have THAT sequence.
[She punches a few keys, and the word 'DECODING' appears over the display.
Under the high-lighted fragment, text appears.]

Tenchi: [reading] 'Washu was here.'

Ayeka: [shocked] Miss Washu!  How could you do something like that?

Washu: [shrugging]  I was bored, I had access to a DNA re-sequencer, I was
drunk, it seemed like a good idea at the time.  [Moves to release the boy.]
So it's official, you're my descendant, at least.  [She pauses.] What's
your name?

Boy: Ichi, ma'am, pleased to meet you.

Washu: [beaming at him]  Such a polite boy!  So why are you here, Ichi?

Ichi: [walks over to his vest, pulls out a data-cube he gives to Washu.]  I
am the final product of your experiment, ma'am.

[The others facefault, Washu looks confused.  Fadeout.]

***

[Fade in to the living room.  The group is sitting, watching Washu type
away at her terminal, Ichi looking over her shoulder.  The rest of their
expressions are varied - Ryoko and Ayeka suspicous; Tenchi and Sasami
openly curious; Mihoshi confused (what else is new?).  On the screen, a
long list of names is scrolling past.  Every so often Washu's eyes widen or
she whistles softly.]

Washu: [a little awestruck] If I didn't see it before me, I wouldn't
believe it.  They actually did it.  One hundred and eleven generations, and
they actually did it.

Ryoko: [exasperated] Did WHAT, [sarcastic] Mom?

Washu: [excitement growing]  A little something I thought up while at the
Space Academy.  [suddenly hugs Ichi, his face turns a little red] I'm so
proud!  My perfect little grandson!

[Her continued exposition is cut off by another sonic boom, and a loud
voice.]

Voice: ICHI!!!!!!

[Ichi extracts himself from Washu, and sighs.  He stands up.]

Ichi: Excuse me, be right back.  [Starts mumbling under his breath.]
<grumble> <mutter> Stupid Jurians <mutter> <grumble>

[He walks out of the house.  The others look at each other, confused, and
go to follow him.  Ichi is standing on the dock, yelling up at the sky, in
which floats the same ship that brought him down earlier.]

Voice: Ichi, what is the meaning of this note?!

Ichi: [yelling back up at the ship]  Just what it says, you jerk!  I am NOT
marrying your sister!  Leave me alone!  [A point on the ship starts to
glow.]  Don't you dare hurt even one board of Mr. Masaki's house!

Tenchi: [eyes wide] Marry...

Ayeka: [same expression] ...his sister?

[The glow starts to subside, and then lances out to near Ichi's feet.
Everyone jumps, Mihoshi shrieks.  A bright flash is seen.  At Ichi's feet,
exactly one board is vaporized.]

Ichi: [Furious.]  YOU JERK!  [Holds up one arm and points it at the ship,
puts his other hand on his arm to support it like a gun.]  LEAVE.  [His arm
jerks, and a red force bolt flies past the ship.]  ME.  [Another, the bolt
flies closer.]  ALONE!  [The third bolt hits the ship, doing no damage but
rocking it slightly.  The ship starts to fly away, chased by Ichi's force
bolts.]

[The spectators focus their attention back on Ichi.  His arm is still
pointed at where the ship disappeared, the shirt burned away up to his
shoulder.  His arm is smoking.]

Ichi: [disgusted] Jurians!  For Heaven's sake!

[fadeout]

***

[fadein on the living room again.  Ichi hands his shirt to Washu, who dumps
it in one of her hyperspatial holes, and pulls a replacement out of
another.  (Yes, the replacement has a little crab on the breast.) Ichi
watches this, eyes wide.]

Ichi: [putting the shirt on] How do you do that?

Washu: [smug] They don't call me the Number One Genius Scientist in the
Universe for nothing!

Ryoko: [barely audible] The only person who calls you that is you.  [A
small statue appears out of a hyperspatial hole above her head and lands on
her.]

Washu: Be nice to your mother.

[Ichi looks at Ryoko and then at Washu.  He's very confused.]

Ichi: Grandma, she's your daughter?  Does that mean she's my-

Washu: She's your Aunt Ryoko.

[Ichi stands, walks over to Ryoko, and gives her a big hug.]

Ichi: Hi Auntie Ryoko!

[Ryoko turns a bit red herself - she's not good at innocent displays of
affection.  She's very stiff.  Ayeka and Mihoshi giggle at her
embarassment.]

Ryoko: [Stuttering, pats him on the shoulder]  H-hi, Ichi.

Ayeka: [trying to hold in a giggle] How cute.  [Smiles innocently into
Ryoko's deadly gaze.]  Ichi, could you please explain what was going on
with that ship?

[Ichi turns to her, and his eyes suddenly widen as he notices something.
He yelps and tries to hide behind Ryoko.]

Ichi: You're Jurian!

Ayeka: [confused and irritated] Why yes, I am.

Ichi: Jurians are evil!  [Ryoko barks with laughter.  This time Ayeka's
giving the deadly gaze while Ryoko's trying to look innocent.]  They keep
on trying to make me marry them!

Mihoshi: But Mr. Ichi, why would they do that?

Washu: [Pointing at her terminal window] This is why.  He's got royal
blood.  [She turns the screen so Ayeka can read it, her eyes widen.]

Ayeka: Emperor Hareko!?!  But that's impossible!  Grandfather Hareko was
the first of the Jurian Purists!  He would never knowingly breed with an
offworder... [trails off as the implications hit her, she blushes] Oh dear.

Washu: Whatever the reason, according to this, he's also Ichi's ancestor.
So Ichi is really...

Ayeka: [breathy voice] Another Jurian prince, so any noble house marrying
him would automatically be a royal house.

Ichi: [wide eyed, like a kid who's discovered he's really rich]  I'm a
prince?  NEAT!  [scowls]  I still don't want to marry anyone.  It wasn't
nice of them to keep on bugging me.

Ryoko: Well, Princess, it seems there's an alternative to my Tenchi after
all.  [Ichi eeps and hides behind Ryoko again.]

Ichi: NO WAY!

Ayeka: [stiffly] I think not.  Ichi, come out please.  [Ichi peaks around
from Ryoko.]  You don't have to worry, I won't make you marry anyone.

Ichi: [small voice] Promise?

Ayeka: [smiling kindly]  I promise.  [Ichi comes around from Ryoko, won't
leave her side though.]

Ichi: [still wary] OK, but remember, you promised!

[Sasami chooses this as a moment to introduce herself.  Walks up to Ichi,
who's still watching Ayeka warily, and doesn't notice her.]

Sasami: [cheerful, trying to be friendly] Hi!  I'm Sasami, you want to be
friends?

[Ichi turns to look at her, and suddenly starts to blush.  It takes him a
few moments to work out words.]

Ichi: [stuttering] S-sure.

Sasami: Yay! [grabs his hand, drags him toward the kitchen] Come on, you
can help me in the kitchen!

[Ichi resists for a moment, giving Washu a helpless look.  She nods
slightly, and he lets Sasami drag him off.  Everyone watches the two
disappear.  Ryoko and Ayeka have toughtful looks on their faces.]

Ryoko: He's the right age for her...

Ayeka: ...and he's a prince...

Washu: [threatening tone] Don't go there, girls.

[Ryoko and Ayeka look startled and give Washu a guilty look, blushing]

Ayeka: Why...I...I would never...excuse me!  [Runs out of the house.]

Ryoko: It...it was just a thought...gotta go!  [Exits]

[Tenchi has a resigned look.  He sighs, and heads upstairs to his room.]

Tenchi: I'll go set up another futon in my room.

[Cut to a shadow-shrouded doorway.  Yosho's face comes into the light.]

Yosho: [thought] Hmm...trouble.

[Fadeout]

****

[Fadein to Tenchi's room.  Tenchi is sleeping in his bed, Ichi is sleeping
on a futon on the floor.  Ichi mumbled under his breath and rolls over.

Tenchi's door glows and silently slides open, revealing Tsunami.  She
floats over to Ichi and places her forehead to his.  After a moment, she
smiles, and fades out of view.

The scene switches to Washu's lab.  She is working at her terminal, the
display showing elements of Ichi's DNA and numerous numbers relating to it.
Every so often she maskes a "hmm" noise and types something into another
terminal.]

Washu: Did you like what you found, Tsunami?

[Tsunami is standing a few steps behind Washu, looking a bit embarrased.]

Tsunami: I apologise, Washu.  I had to know.  He is one of the Jurian royal
family, and therefore, one of my charges.

Washu: [turns to face Tsunami, crosses her arms over her chest] And?

Tsunami: [smiles]  I am reminded of another boy.

Washu: [eyes narrowing] He is not like Tenchi!

Tsunami: In ability, no.  In heart, yes.  He is innocent, Washu, and
compassionate.

Washu: [dryly] And the fact that he's attracted to Sasami has nothing to do
with it.

Tsunami: [blushes a bit] Washu!  They are children!

Washu: [stares at Tsunami for a moment, then turns back to her terminal]
Don't hurt him, Tsunami.

[Fadeout]

****

[Fadein to breakfast.  Similar scene as before, but Ichi is trying to help
Sasami serve food and eat at the same time.  He's got a rather healthy
appetite.  After a few moments Tenchi finishes eating and stands.]

Tenchi: I'm off to the fields.  [Walks out the door]  Hello, grandfather!

Yosho: Don't forget practice this afternoon!  [Walks in.]  Good morning!  I
see we have another guest.  Hello, young man.

[Ichi stands and bows formally to Yosho.]

Ichi: Pleased to meet you, sir.

Washu: That's your cousin Yosho.

[Yosho feigns a look of suprise, Ichi looks irritated and confused.]

Ichi: Is there anyone in this house I'm not related to?

Washu: So far, Mihoshi and Ryo-ohki.

[On cue, the cabbit-girl comes running in from the outside.]

Ryo-ohki: [looks around] Myow?

Sasami: Tenchi went to the fields already, Ryo-ohki!

Ryo-ohki: Myow!!

[Ryo-ohki runs outside.]

Ryoko: Well, I'm off to see my Tenchi.  [Flies out the door.]

Ayeka: [growling]  He is NOT your Tenchi, he's MY Tenchi!  [chases after
her]

Mihoshi: [stands, chases after them] Oh, please don't fight!

[Ichi watches them in shock.  Washu puts her hand to her head like she has
a headache, Sasami just has a pained expression.]

Ichi: Do they do that a lot?

Sasami: [sighs, starts to collect dishes]  Yes.

Yosho: My grandson is very popular with the girls.

[Ichi goes to the door, to watch the carnage.  After a moment Washu and
Yosho follow him.

Ayeka has summoned her force field, and Ryoko has a energy sword.  They're
glaring at each other.  Mihoshi is standing off to the side, trying to get
them to calm down.

Ichi walks outside and walks up to Ayeka's force field, and looks with
interest at the little logs.  He picks one out of the air and turns it
over.  The girls look at him in shock.]

Ayeka: What are you doing with that?  Leave those alone!

[Ichi ignores her, and holds the log in both hands in front of him.  He
stands very still for a moment, and then the log appears to sink into his
chest.]

Ryoko: What the hell?

Ichi: [holds up a hand, there's a nebulous field around it.]  Hey, neat, a
force field!

Washu: [proudly] That's my grandson!

Ayeka: Give that back this instant!

Ichi: [sighing]  Oh, all right, here.  [The log appears in front of him,
and he places it back into alignment, and starts to grumble as he walks
off]  No one lets me have any fun, I'm going to go play by myself.  [Takes
off his shirt, and points a hand at the ground.  The hand glows and he
starts to fly off into the air.]  WAHOOOO!!!!!

[The formerly fighting girls watch as Ichi flys above them, doing
sommersaults and twists in the air.]

Washu: [typing away at a terminal]  An Arcian lazer wire, a Norelian flight
crystal, hmm... I wonder what else he's absorbed?

Ryoko: [walking up to Washu]  Washu, what the hell was that?

Ayeka: Yes, is there an explanation for this?

Washu: Of course.  My boy's an absorber.  He can assimilate simple
artifacts and use them as part of his body.  [Frowns, types away at the
terminal]  Hmm...no, I think the sword would reject him, it's attuned
itself to Tenchi...I wonder about Ryoko's crystals...he's shown he can
assimilate a Jurian force field generator...Ryoko!  Catch him!

[Looking up, they see Ichi plummeting out of the sky.  Mihoshi screams,
Ryoko disappears and reappears under the boy, catching him.  She flies down
and goes into the house, laying Ichi out on the couch.  He's extremely
pale.  Washu runs up and starts typing at a terminal.  A small gun-like
device appears out of a hyperspatial hole.  Washu grabs it and puts it to
Ichi's arm.  Color starts to return to his face.]

Washu: [sighs in relief] You stupid, stupid boy.

[Sasami comes out of the kitchen]

Sasami: ICHI! [Runs up to him, and looks down at him.]  What happened to
him?

Washu: [places a cold cloth on Ichi's forehead.] Doesn't know his own
strength.

Ryoko: Huh?

Washu: He has the abilities of the objects he's assimilated, but he doesn't
have the power to use them fully.  He ran out of energy and started to use
his own life force.

Mihoshi: Oh, so it's like when Tenchi's walkman runs out of batteries!

[Washu gives her a suspicious look.  The others back away from her with
more than a little fear.]

Washu: Why yes, Mihoshi, it is.

Sasami: Is he going to be OK?

[On cue, Ichi starts groaning.]

Washu: He'll be fine.

[Scene switch to earth orbit.  A giant fish swims through space above the
planet.  We zoom into it's eye, and see it's a bridge.  It's a spartan
white room, in it we see a hologram of what's going on below.  In front of
it stands a tall man, who looks to be in his late twenties.  He looks
somewhat like Ichi, but he has a large dark blue mohawk.  He wears black
robes.]

Man: Foolish, Ichi, very foolish.  It will only make killing you easier.
[laughs softly]

[Alarms sound all over the ship, and a few screens appear.]

Man: WHAT?  A Jurian battleship?  DAMN!  Initiate sumbergence!

[We see the fish appear to jump and dive.  It vanishes into space like a
fish jumping into a pond, complete with glowing blue ripples.  Moments
later a familiar ship appears.  Azusa's battleship.]

***

[Scene opens on the dock outside the Masaki home.  In the sky, Azusa's
battleship is floating in the air.  A blue beam shoots out from it and
lands on the dock, forming into Azusa, Misaki, and Funaho.  Pan to the
house, where Washu, Tenchi (flanked by Ryoko and Ayeka), Mihoshi, and
Sasami (flanked by Ichi and Ryo-ohki) stand.]

Sasami: Mommy!  [Runs out to hug Misaki.]

Misaki: Sasami!  Oh my little girl!  How you've grown! It's been such a
long time...(Author's note, you get the idea...)

Ryoko: Weren't they here last month?  [Silenced by a glare from Misaki]
[To Ayeka] Your turn, princess.

Ayeka: Ryoko, if you say one word...MOMMY!  [Runs out to Misaki...you get
the idea]

Ichi: [following at a more sedate pace with Washu] Am I related to them
too?

Washu: [impish grin]  Yes, you are.  [Stops in front of Asuza.]  This is
your Uncle Azusa, the Emperor of Jurai, and your Aunt Misaki, and your Aunt
Funaho.

[They're obviously startled.  Ichi bows formally.]

Ichi: Pleased to meet you, your Majesty.

Azusa: [Incredulous] This boy is my nephew?  I had no knowledge of this.

Funaho: [to Misaki] He didn't know about Tenchi, either.

Misaki: [hugging Ichi, who starts to turn blue] My nephew!  It's so good to
meet you, such a handsome young man...[tirade continues]

Ichi: Can't...breath....

Washu: [Mildly] Misaki, please don't kill my grandson, we just met.

[Funaho gives Washu a sharp look, Washu shakes her head slightly, Misaki
releases Ichi, who falls down, panting for breath.]

Azusa: [Puts his hand to his forehead.] Washu, I assume there's an
explanation for this?

[Scene switch to Masaki living room.  Washu has a HUGE screen from one of
her terminals, and there's a rather large family tree on it.  Misaki's eyes
are glazed with misunderstanding, Funaho is listening intently, Azusa is
chuckling.  Through a window, we see Sasami, Ichi, and Ryo-ohki playing
tag.]

Azusa: [shakes his head] Father would have a fit if he knew of this.
[smirks]  It will be such fun telling him.  [Grim expression]  However, I
am not pleased to hear that my nobles are after him in such a way.  Upon my
return I will have to make it quite clear I do not approve of such plans.

Funaho: [to Misaki]  Besides, it appears Ichi is taken with Sasami.
[Misaki nods and giggles.]

Azusa: [sighing] There goes the marriage I had planned for her...

Misaki: [patting Azusa on the arm]  Don't worry dear, they're both very
nice boys.

[Loud crashes and booms are heard outside, Sasami screams.  Everyone in the
living room gets up and runs outside.  Ichi is unconscious on the ground,
Ryoko is kneeling over him.  Tenchi is scowling up at the sky, Ayeka at his
side.  Mihoshi is wailing.  Sasami and Ryo-ohki are absent.

In the sky, the fish-ship is battling with Azusa's ship and losing.  It
jumps like it did before and disappears into space.]

Azusa: [Roaring]  What is the meaning of this?

[Ichi groans and gets up, holds his head.]

Ichi: He took Sasami...Niban, I'LL KILL YOU!

***

[Bridge of Azusa's battleship.  Everyone's there as it flies through space,
but the courtiers are noticably absent.  Ichi is explaining to Azusa about
Niban.  Ichi is so angry it almost glows off of him.]

Ichi: My half-brother Niban.  He disappeared when I was just a kid, about
300 years ago.  I don't know why he did this, but that was his ship, the
Aquarius.

Azusa: [growling] He has laid his hands on the Royal House of Jurai, and he
will pay.

Misaki: [dangerous glint in her eye] If he hurts my little girl, I'll...

Tenchi: We'll save her, I promise.

Ryoko: I can't believe he got the jump on Ryo-ohki.

Washu: We still don't know how her new body affects her abilities.

Ayeka: My poor sister...

[Screen pops up, showing the man we saw earlier.]

Ichi: Niban, give Sasami back!

Niban: Ah, Ichi, you've gone up in the world, consorting with royalty I
see.  [Nods to Azusa.] Your Majesty, I would advise you do not fire upon my
ship, otherwise I cannot be held responsible for what happens to your
daughter.

Azusa: [roaring to his feet] You dare threaten Imperial Jurai?!

Niban: I dare anything I want!  Ichi, if you want to save her, come over
and face me yourself!

Ichi: I'll be there.  [To Azusa, voice carefully controlled.]  I'll rescue
her.  No harm will come to her.  [Starts to walk off to the teleport pad on
the bridge.  Tenchi comes with him, now in battle gear.]

Ryoko: Hey, kid!  [Ichi turns.  She concentrates and her crystal appears in
her hand, and she tosses it to him.]  Now you won't run out of juice.

[Ichi looks at the crystal, and closes his eyes.  The crystal disappears
and reappears in his forehead.  His adult forehead.  Ichi is now a tall,
handsome young man.]

Ichi: [voice deeper]  Thank you, Aunt Ryoko. [Walks to the teleport pad, he
and Tenchi disappear.]

***

[Bridge of Niban's ship.  Sasami stands in a crystal force field, holding
Ryo-ohki.  Niban stands beside her.  Tenchi and Ichi appear at the other
side of the empty room.]

Ichi: I'm here, Niban, let her go.

Niban: How amusing, you're all grown up.  Hmm...I think I'll have her stay
and watch me destroy you.

Ichi: [shakes his head]  Why are you doing this, Niban?

Niban: [laughs bitterly]  You don't know?  You don't know the hell I've
gone through!  My entire life I've been told I'm a failure.  Even my name,
which means 'two'.  I had to spent my entire life hearing about 'perfect
Ichi', 'wonderful Ichi'.

[Flashback scene onto Niban's past.  He's younger than Ichi, but has aged
much faster.  In his eyes, everyone was always doting on Ichi, who keeps on
gloating over him.  Eventually, he starts getting into trouble...and leaves
home.]

Ichi: [Shaking his head sadly.]  That's not how it was, and you know it.
You were their son, Niban, I was a science experiment.

[True flashback scene.  Ichi is doing better than Niban, but he doesn't get
congratulated, only evaluated.  Their parents constantly try to encourage
Niban by using Ichi as an example, which pisses off Niban more and more.]

Niban: [furious] Liar!  They always prefered you!  Well, I'm going to show
them, and I'm going to show you!

[Niban holds out his hand, and a dark blue energy ball appears in it.  He
closes his fist and creates an energy blade.  He swings at Ichi, and his
blade is stopped by Tenchi.  Ichi has not moved.]

Niban: Stay out of this!  [A crystal force field appears around Tenchi.
His sword flickers and dies.]  It's just you and me, Ichi.

***

[On the bridge of Azusa's ship]

Ayeka/Ryoko: Tenchi!

Ryoko: You bastard!

***

Ichi: I'm waiting, Niban.

[Niban swings at Ichi again, Ichi catches the blade between his hands.  He
closes his eyes, and the blade disappears, leaving Niban holding nothing.]

Niban: [confused]  My sword!  What have you done?  [Holds out his hand, but
the blue light doesn't appear there any more.]

Ichi: [holds out his hand, creates a sword just like Niban's]  I absorbed
it.

Niban: [eyes wide in fear and anger] NO!  You can't beat me!  You can't!  I
refuse to lose!  I'll show you who's better!  I'll show you!

[Niban throws his head back, and lightning starts to crackle around him.
Cut to the outside of the ship, where the ships begins to shake and
thrash.]

Inside the ship, Ichi looks around frantically.  He pounds on the force
fields surrounding Tenchi and Sasami, but can't seem to break them.  Tenchi
and Sasami are doing the same from inside the fields.]

Tenchi: [thought] Damn powers!  Why can't I ever control them?

Niban: [laughs maniacally]  There is no escape!  You will be crushed as
this ship is pulled into the black hole!  I'm better!  I told you I'm
better!

Tenchi: Not if I can help it.  [Starts to concentrate.]

[Cut to outside the ship, we see a huge explosion as a white light shoots
out of the ship.  Tenchi has the Light Hawk Wings deployed, and is flying
back to Azusa's ship.]

[On Azusa's bridge, all is silent.  On a screen they watch the
proceedings.]

Azusa: [awed]  The boy can summon the Light Hawk Wings!  Such power!

[On the screen, things close up to the center of the wings.  We see Tenchi,
Sasami and Ryo-ohki.]

Ryoko: Where's Ichi?

[Screen opens on the bridge, showing Ichi standing on the Aquarius.  He has
his hands on the floor of the bridge and his face is screwed up in
concentration.]

Washu: Ichi!  Don't do this!  You can't!

[Ichi contines to concentrate, and the ship starts to shrink and fade.
Ichi throws his head back and yells in pain as the ship fades out of sight.
Having lost it's power source, the black hole implodes on itself and
disappears in a great flash of light.]

Ayeka: Is he...

[Dozens of monitors appear on the bridge of Azusa's battleship, as they
frantically search for Ichi.  After many long moments, he is found,
floating unconscious in space.  A few kilometers away, so too is Niban.]

Washu: [Cheering] YES!  He assimilated it!

Ayeka: He a absorbed a whole ship?  How is that possible?

Washu: Ichi is MY grandson, of course.  [Ayeka facefaults]

[Ryoko disappears from the bridge and flies out in space to recover Ichi.
She does so, laying him at Washu's feet.  She then disappears again, and
returns with Niban, who she dumps at Azusa's.]

Azusa: [grim voice, hoarse with fury]  Now this one shall learn the
consquences of threatening my family.

[Fadeout on Sasami running in to hug the unconscious Ichi, who fades back
into child form.]

***

[Masaki home.  Azusa and the others standing around the docks.  Ichi tugs
on Azusa's robe.]

Ichi: Uncle Azusa?

Azusa: [looks down on him, kind expression] Yes?

Ichi: Are you going to take Sasami away?

Azusa: [looks with amusement at Sasami, who is making her teary eyed
goodbye to her mother, but watching them closely.]  No, Ichi, I'm not.

Ichi: [cheers]  Yay!  [Implusively hugs him, then runs over to Sasami.]
You're get to stay!  [Sasami hugs him, and he turns red until she lets him
go.]  I'm going to go tell Grandma!  [Runs off]

Sasami: [to Azusa] Thank you, Father.  [Runs off to Ichi.]

[Ayeka is making her teary eyed goodbye in the background]

Azusa: [to Misaki]  You're right, he is a good boy.  I like him.

Funaho: Not that you had much choice.

Azusa: [sigh of great suffering] Just once, I'd like my family to treat me
with the respect an Emperor of Jurai deserves.  [Misaki rolls her eyes, and
Funaho smiles lightly.]

Funaho: When are you going to tell Tenchi that as a Jurian prince, he can
have as many wives as he likes?

Azusa: [feral grin] He has to suffer just a little bit more...

[fadeout as they disappear in a transport beam]

Closing Music: In The Meantime by Spacehog.

--
Christopher "God-boy" Angel
cja124@mail.usask.ca      http://www.engr.usask.ca/~cja124
"Love is stronger than justice."
-The Munificent Seven by Sting

